Swash!
~
Being a true account of
the Daring adventures and
outrageous Exploits of the
marauding Pirates of
Sullys Rump

a novel
Brendan P. Myers
Exigua Publishing
Boston  St. Petersburg
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the authors imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Swash!
Copyright  2010 by Brendan P. Myers
All rights reserved, including the right of reproduction in whole or in part in any form.
bpmyers.blogspot.com
Facebook.com/BrendanPMyers
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Cover image: Who Shall Be Captain? by Howard Pyle
Swash!
~
Book I
Where there is a sea there are pirates. 
 Greek proverb
Chapter One
~
For three days and nights, winds from a howling noreaster whipped the seas of Cape Cod Bay into a frothy brew, pummeling the shore with thirty-foot waves and pounding seawalls up and down the coast. Wind gusts of seventy-miles an hour created whirlpools and eddies that rode atop and swirled beneath unusually high tides, churning the current above and scouring the seafloor below. 
On a heart-shaped plot of land that jutted into the bay, while making his daily rounds through the driving rain, Lucas noted most year-round residents of Sullys Rump appeared to be battened down within their homes. McGarveys burger joint was locked up tight. Down the street, Annies Variety had closed just before noon. All the boats at the small marina were present and accounted for. 
Only two regulars weathered the storm inside the Captains Cove, the bar closest to the point. They didnt bother turning their heads when the door opened and Lucas walked in. Only the bartender glanced up from his Us magazine and smiled. 
Hows it hangin, Luke? he asked.
The cop hung his slicker by the door. Down and to the left today, Marcus, he answered. Thanks for asking.
Turning, he nodded to the two flannel-shirted men nursing beers at the bar. Clem Johnson was a grizzled local fisherman. Beside him, his head buried in a scratch ticket, was his faithful crewman Perry Winslow. 
No fishing today, Clem? the cop asked while heading toward his usual place. 
Clem chuckled. Nope. Not today. Aint had a blow like this since . . . when was it? 91?
Had a few since then, the cop answered as he took his seat. But youre right. Thiss a badn alright. 
The barkeep set a cup and saucer down in front of Lucas, who nodded his thanks before glancing up at the corner behind the bar. 
TV out? he asked.
Marcus nodded. Went just after noon.
Thats a shame, the cop replied after a moment, unable to mask his disappointment. Well miss the wedding.
Today was the day two longtime characters on an afternoon soap were supposed to tie the knot. Lucas stopped in about this time every day to catch a few minutes. Hed secretly been looking forward to the wedding for months. 
The bartender looked thoughtful before he spoke. 
Maybe not, he said. Smart moneys still on Reese coming back to break things up. Angelina still loves him, you know.
The cop snorted. He was just about to give his opinion of that tramp Angelina when his radio crackled. 
Lucas . . . you there Lucas? 
It was the voice of Mike Tomlinson, a young rookie Lucas had taken under his wing. Removing the radio from his belt, Lucas lifted it to his mouth. 
Ten-four, Mike. Whats going on?
There was a brief burst of static before the answer came. 
Im down the stretch. Mainland side. Where you at? 
Stopped by the Cove for a cuppa, Lucas answered.
There was another burst of static. 
Think you better get down here. Looks like . . .
His words were lost in another crackle. Lucas tried hailing him a few more times before giving up. The new radios were nothing but trouble. Course, he knew the storm wasnt helping anything. He downed the last of his coffee before standing. 
Thanks for the coffee, Marcus. Well see you boys on Monday.
You be careful out there, Clem said, tilting his bottle in the cops direction before raising it to his lips. 
Lucas nodded once before again donning his heavy slicker and heading into the deluge. 
Back in his car, he drove down the narrow street, turning around in the circle that marked both the end of the road and entrance to the public beach. Weatherworn buildings on either side served mostly the tourist trade, though the tattoo parlor was open year-round. He wasnt surprised to see the half-dozen or so motorcycles normally parked out front were off the road today. The rest of the businesses were shuttered now, but come summer they would be a beehive of activity: T-shirt shops and ice cream parlors and salt water taffy stands. 
To the west and east along the beach were scattered cottages, though since being named part of the National Seashore decades earlier, no new building had been allowed. Most summer homes on the Rump had been in the same families for generations anyway.
He turned left onto Sea Street and drove through a quaint commercial district, where well-kept clapboard buildings housed seasonal restaurants, antique dealers, an art gallery, and a used bookstore. Further up the road was the town green, its centerpiece the tallest and oldest pine on the island. Across from the green loomed the steeple of the Rumps only church. 
One block down the road came the houses, densely packed Cape Codders with weathered shingles and tiny front lawns. Most were seasonal, though some were the year-round residences of locals or old-timers who chose to retire here. Though the population swelled in the summertime, year-round Rumpsters numbered no more than a hundred or so.
Nearer to shore, across the street from each other, he passed the entrances to two nightclubs, Pump and Ramrod. Closed for the season, they both catered to what Lucas called the alternate lifestyle types who for some reason flocked to the Rump in the summertime. Lucas didnt quite get the attraction, but as long as they kept their noses clean  and both they and their customers invariably did  it was no skin off his nose.
Rain pelted his roof with a machine-gun clatter as he drove through the high dunes and clumps of sawgrass leading down to the stretch, what the locals called the narrow land bridge connecting the Rump to the mainland. When he came out of the dunes, Lucas caught his first glimpse of the stretch and realized suddenly exactly what Tomlinson had been talking about. Moments after he came to a stop, his radio squawked.
You seein this? a voice asked. It was Tomlinson.
Lucas reached for his radio. Ten-four, he answered.
The stretch was about a quarter mile long and raised some ten feet off the water. Built in the thirties by the Corp of Engineers, it was made mostly of earth and silt dredged up from the channel. 
But from inside his squad car, Lucas saw wide gashes now cut through in at least three places, allowing water to stream through to the other side. Even as he watched, more and more of the earthen mound was being eaten away by the nearly twenty-foot storm surge pounding up and over the road. 
You better get while the gettins good, his radio blared. 
Lucas saw that much was true. Putting his car in gear, he headed for the entrance of the bridge. 
His windshield wipers were little use against the drenching his vehicle was taking from all sides, so he drove waterblind, relying more on instinct and his faith in General Motors than anything else. The largest wave came at about the middle of his crossing, slamming the car broadside and lurching it sickly to the left. Gripping more tightly to the wheel, Lucas compensated as best he could while beads of sweat streamed down his forehead and ran into his eyes. He blinked them away. 
About two-thirds of the way across, his bowels loosened when he heard the roadbed beneath begin making grotesque, unfamiliar sounds. He decided then that the best thing to do was close his eyes and floor it the last two hundred feet and hope for the best.
Tomlinson stepped out of his cruiser as Lucas came screeching alongside. Lucas took a moment to compose himself before getting out of his own car, wiping his forehead, and clenching his bowels once more. He nodded a greeting to Mike, but the wide-eyed young cop paid him no attention, keeping his stare fixed across Lucas shoulder toward the bay beyond. Curious, Lucas turned as well, understanding only then why the road had sounded funny. 
Now unsupported by earth, long stretches of asphalt dangled above the sea. As the two watched, sections close to their end began to sag and then collapse into the water. Moments later, a long segment near the Rump did the same. It took only another minute for the rest to go. With the connecting asphalt gone, the remaining sand and silt beneath collapsed and washed away, and the two sides of the ocean greeted each other for the first time in more than sixty years. Mike was the first to speak. 
The Rumps an island again, he said.
Lucas hadnt heard him. He was already back in his cruiser, trying to recall where the nearest public bathroom was.
~
Though it peaked in the late afternoon, the storm abated sometime around midnight and headed out to sea. The morning papers would report it caused scattered power outages and minor damage across the region. A long disused drive-in screen in Wellfleet was a total loss, while two more houses built on the beaches of Chatham tumbled into the sea. The wind also knocked down signs along Cape Cods auto mile, though damage there was reported to be minimal.
Below the fold, a brief sidebar noted that the shifting sands of the Cape had once again proved too great a force for man to control. This time, a narrow slice of land jutting into the bay that locals called Sullys Rump was once again an island.
~
As had happened for the past two weeks or so, fourteen-year-old Chris Duggan awoke to the sound of scratching at the window above his bed. Opening his eyes, he yawned and took a long stretch before reaching out to raise the shade. There was some more scratching followed by a loud thump and then a large head appeared. 
Seeing the boy was awake, the dog stuck out his tongue and slobbered it against the window. Chris smiled and got out of bed. He threw on yesterdays jeans and an old sweater before heading upstairs to the kitchen, where his mother was preparing breakfast. Their family bed and breakfast had two guests at the moment, an older couple in town for an anniversary party. Upon hearing footsteps, his mother turned and smiled. 
Morning, sleepyhead, she said. 
Chris walked over and gave her a kiss. Can I help? he asked, reaching his finger into the muffin batter. 
She playfully swatted his hand with her spoon before looking up at him, licking her palm to smooth down one of his stubborn cowlicks.
No thanks. Almost done here. 
Though she smiled, Chris knew she was worried. The winter months were always the worst. Theyd had only four guests in February, and eight in all of March. Money was tight. Then again, summer was coming, he thought, leaning away from his mothers ministrations and walking to the fridge.
You finish the book? she asked as he rummaged.
Shielded from her view, Chris rolled his eyes. Yeah, yeah, he answered, hoping his tone would put an end to the conversation. No luck. 
Any thoughts? she asked.
Hed been home-schooled for a few years now, since his father died and his mother moved them to the Rump. There werent many kids, but it wasnt all bad. He took art classes from a New York artist, music from a symphony violinist, and history from a retired professor. His math tutor was a retired furniture dealer who kept a collection of exotic animals on his estate. Chris spent as much time there as schoolwork and chores allowed. So yeah, he thought. He could do a lot worse. 
Grabbing the bread and cold cuts from the fridge, he brought them to the counter. I dont see whats so great about him, he said.
How do you mean? his mother asked.
Chris paused from his sandwich making, crinkling his face like he always did when he thought hard about something. 
Well, first off, hes a fake, he said. Know what I mean? All those stories about his life. He made them up, right? And where did he get his money from, anyway? He never says. So, you know what I think? I think hes just a thief and a gangster. Gatsby isnt even his real name! The title is supposed to be ironic. Theres nothing great about him at all. 
Turning, he looked at his mother and saw she was smiling. What? he asked, embarrassed to think he might have missed the point entirely. 
She chuckled and shook her head. Nothing, she said, returning to her mixing bowl. But for what its worth? I think youre dead on. 
He pondered that a moment before putting his sandwich in a paper bag, sneaking in a few extra slices of ham for the dog. 
Going for a walk, he said. Back soon.
Button up, his mother said. Cant have you catching cold.
Stopping at the end of the hall, he put on his jacket before reaching for the door. 
Take the clothes! his mother reminded him, referring to a bag of old clothes awaiting donation to the drop-off box at the church. Most were from the lost and found, but some of it was stuff Chris had outgrown over the winter. He picked up the clothes and opened the door.
And stay away from the water! she yelled. 
Chris smiled. He knew that someday, his mothers protectiveness was going to get annoying. But not today. 
Outside, the dog was waiting. Putting down the clothes, Chris reached into the brown bag for a slice of ham and dangled it over the dogs head before throwing it into the air. The dog leaped and acrobatically snatched it. Smiling, Chris patted it on the head. 
A medium-sized mutt with a long snout, short hair, and black and white patches, the dog had shown up after a winter storm a few weeks back. Chris had noticed it following him, always staying far behind, stopping every time Chris turned to see if it was still there. Over the course of several days, the dog moved closer, until the day it grudgingly let Chris reach out and pet him. 
Desperately thin and reeking of the sea, once Chris gained his trust, he fed him, gave him a bath, and made sure there was a bowl of fresh water nearby. The dog had been coming around ever since. Chris had discovered quite by accident one day that if you grasped it tightly beneath the neck while staring it in the eye, the dog would stick its right rear leg into the air for no reason at all. The trick never failed to make Chris smile.
After stopping by the church to drop off the clothes, the two walked down to the beach and ate their breakfast on the rocks. The air was cool, but the ferocious winds of the last few days had died down. Though gray clouds still hung low in the sky, Chris noted they were moving quickly to the east. He guessed sunrise was about twenty minutes away. 
Chris loved this time of day, that brief interlude between night and day before most of the world had woken up. He especially liked spending it here at the beach. When he looked out at the vast ocean, he imagined what it might have been like the day human ancestors first crawled out of the sea on floppy fin-legs to begin making their way on land. For a reason he couldnt quite articulate, he wouldve bet anything it had happened at exactly this time of day. 
After finishing their breakfast, Chris stood and wiped the sand from his butt before wandering toward the seashore. He kept his head down, looking for bits of sea glass, broken shells, or pieces of discarded trash to use in his art projects. His art teacher drilled into him that anything could be used to make art, once telling Chris that for a whole year hed used nothing but what hed found discarded in alleyways and dumpsters within a block of where he lived. Lately, hed taken to making artwork from the boxes and boxes of fireworks he brought back with him from his frequent trips to Florida. Chris smiled to think Dale cared nothing for the fireworks  and they were starting to pile up  but only for the colorful packaging.
While staring at the sand, Chris found nothing obvious to use in his art, but upon seeing an interesting chunk of driftwood, he bent down and picked it up. After looking at it closely, he fluttered it tantalizingly over the dogs head before reaching back and heaving it down the beach. Its tail wagging, the dog chased it down and ran it back, laying it dutifully at the boys feet. Chris picked it up and threw it again.
As their game progressed along the beach, Chris reared back and threw it up and over a tall dune. After watching it fly, the dog bounded over to retrieve it. Chris followed. Halfway up, he began to hear excited barks and frenzied yelps come from the other side. Curious, he moved faster. When he reached the top and looked down, it took a few moments for him to understand exactly what he was looking at. 
On the beach below the dune, like the exposed ribs of an excavated dinosaur, thick black beams protruded from the sand. Though mostly buried, the part that was visible was about fifty feet long from end-to-end. Dismissing what he at first thought might be the skeletal remains of a whale, Chris crept down to get a closer look at what he now understood were the remains of an ancient shipwreck. 
Approaching it now on level ground, he noted the twenty-four or so V-shaped ribs on both sides were about two feet apart and extended about four feet above the sand, their smoothly eroded ends evidence of its long stay beneath the sea. When he looked closer, he saw rounded pegs jutted from each rib. Glancing to his right, he estimated the shoreline was about forty feet away and wondered whether the storms waves had uncovered it where it lay or perhaps thrown it from the sea. 
He reached out and touched one of the coppery pegs while running the fingers of his other hand along the smooth edge atop one of the ribs. After a while, he reluctantly let go and stepped back to take it all in, soon becoming lost in imagining what it might have looked like in its day. He didnt know how much time passed before the dogs yelps brought him from his reverie. With a tinge of sadness, he stepped away from the wreck and turned toward the barking dog.
Its okay, pup. Nothin to be afraid of. 
But the dog seemed more excited than nervous, wagging its tail happily behind him. Reaching down, Chris scratched it behind the ears before turning again toward the wreck, staring a while longer before bending down to pick up the stick. The yelps got more excited when the dog realized the game was again afoot.
Go get it, pup! Chris said, before whipping it up and back over the dune. He took one backward glance before going over the other side, wondering exactly who to tell first.
Chapter Two
~
Arthur Cobb was feeding his cat when the call came in. The retired professor was the author of several books on the Cape and was often the first person called upon when something unusual happened. And though this sort of thing was not exactly unheard of, it was very unusual indeed. His heart raced with excitement after hanging up the phone. Wasting no time, he left his Sea Street home and drove to where the thing washed up, parking among the dozen or so cars and pickups already there. 
Getting out of his car, he noticed a green SUV with Park Service markings that he knew belonged to Paul Quinn, the ranger who had phoned him. It was still somewhat brisk after a week of gray skies and stormy weather, but today, the sun was finally out. He tightened his scarf and zipped his coat against the chill as he walked toward the crowd gathered on the beach. When he moved closer, through gaps in the crowd, he began to see wooden beams protruding from the sand. 
Remarkable! he said beneath his breath.
Cobb knew most of the two dozen or so people gathered around. He smiled and nodded to one or two while making his way through. Some of the young parents had brought their toddlers to gawk. Others had brought their dogs, some of them barking and playing down near the surf. Seeing Cobb, the ranger smiled at his approach. 
How are you, Paul? Cobb asked, reaching out his hand. Thanks so much for calling. 
The two men shook. No problem, Quinn answered. Youre the first one I thought of. 
Because it had washed up on the National Seashore, the wreck was the Park Services responsibility. While waiting for Cobb to arrive, the ranger had kept the crowd on the perimeter of the wreck, allowing people to touch the thing and to bring their toddlers over to do the same, but no more.
Turning toward the wreck, Cobb asked, So whats the story? Who found it? 
The ranger gestured toward a blond kid with short hair standing away from the crowd. He did. Local kid named . . . 
Cobb smiled. Oh, I know him all right. Tutor him in history on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Catching Chriss eye, he waved him over. So youre the famous discoverer! he said, clapping him on the back. Tell me all about it! 
Chris recounted the story, embarrassed there wasnt much to tell. When finished, he asked, What do you think it is? 
Cobb crinkled his forehead. Dont know yet. But lets take a closer look, shall we? 
Chris nodded. The two approached the wreck, walking between the beams and stepping onto the hard sand inside. Cobb stood there a moment taking it all in before bending over to examine one of the ribs. He seemed to pay special attention to the pegs, reaching out to touch one before reaching into his pocket for a penknife. Using the knife, he scraped away some of the blackish exterior before moving closer to examine what lay beneath. When satisfied with that, he stood up and walked to one end of the wreck, then walked the length of it taking toe-to-toe steps and counting each beneath his breath. That done, he turned and put his hands on his hips. After a thoughtful moment, he began to speak.
Of course, its hard to determine the exact age and vessel type just by looking at it, he said. And obviously, most of it is still buried. But Id say it was probably built around or just after the Civil War. 
Some in the crowd moved closer to listen. Cobb pointed toward the peg he had scraped and went on. 
They mostly used rounded pegs back then, before and just after the Civil War. After that, you see mostly octagonal pegs in ship construction. He looked up and smiled, almost embarrassed. Mind you, its all just guesswork at this point, but . . . if you look here . . . he said, pointing to a spot where a few pegs were embedded in the ribs, and here. See these notches along the sides of the pegs? Those are quite probably the marks of an axe blade, indicating they were hand carved. Pausing a moment, he stroked his chin before saying, almost to himself, In fact, they might actually reveal an even earlier age. After another contemplative moment, he turned to Chris with a grin and asked, You fancy a little digging?
Chris nodded, and Cobb glanced toward the crowd noticing that some of the parents had brought along buckets with plastic shovels for their kids to play with. Upon seeing them, he got an idea and waved to two locals he recognized.
Clem and Perry, he shouted, seeing the two fishermen in the crowd. Care to give us a hand? He pointed toward the kids playing in the sand. If theyll allow it, see if you can borrow some of those buckets and come on in. 
There was some caterwauling from one or two of the kids, but eventually the fisherman returned with four buckets. After handing them out, the three followed Cobbs lead and began digging into the sand in the center of the wreck, pouring the contents outside the beams. Theyd gone down only about twelve inches before Clems bucket struck something hard. Cobb used his hands to scrape away the rest, revealing what had been struck. Remarkable, he said again.
What is? Chris asked, peering over the professors shoulder.
The plankings are still in place, Cobb answered, his voice filled with wonder. After all this time. 
Handing his bucket to Clem, he stepped out of the wreck and went to have a word with the ranger. When he arrived, he found Quinn standing with a reporter from the Cape Cod Times who had managed to make his way over to the Rump. After Quinn introduced them, the reporter asked, Any idea what it is? 
Cobb stroked his chin a moment before responding. 
Could be any of a thousand, he began. Thereve been more than three-thousand wrecks in these waters since just eighteen-fifty. And without identifying marks such as quarterboards or the ships bell, the fact is we may never know. But it is possible that with a little digging theyll find some artifacts, though I dont think thats likely.
Pausing a moment, he glanced toward the ship and saw Chris had remained on board. The boy was down on his hands and knees, brushing more sand from the newly excavated floorboards. Smiling, Cobb couldnt blame him. It wasnt every day you stumbled across a shipwreck. 
Anyway, Cobb continued, all that being said, my hunch is its simply the remains of an old schooner, maybe from the turn of the century. There used to be thousands of those things sailing these waters, hauling coal or lumber up and down the Cape. Theyll dig to see if theres a keel, but even if thats gone, it doesnt really prove anything. They might have simply cut it down and turned into a barge.
The reporter wrote down a note or two before composing his next question. Is this sort of thing common? he asked. I mean for them to just . . . show up like this. 
Cobb smiled. Its not as unusual as you might think. About ten years ago, the wreck of an old freighter washed ashore in Orleans. Just last year, a rusty old Confederate battleship washed ashore during a hurricane in Alabama. Of course, right here on the Cape, weve got the bones of the Somerset. 
The reporter nodded, remembering the Revolutionary War-era British warship that surfaced last summer. 
But this . . . Cobb said, gesturing toward the vessel. Lets just say that Sullys Rump is going to get very popular very fast. 
~
Inside the wreck, Chris held firm to one of the ribs. In his other hand was a mysteriously shaped chunk of rock and metal hed found while digging out the floorboards. Raising his hand, he dropped it into his pocket and hoped nobody noticed. 
~
Though hed had the foresight to record it, it seemed now that fate was conspiring against Lucas ever seeing Angelina and Chad tie the knot. In his one-room apartment on the mainland, the cop had just sat down to watch when the phone rang, summoning him back to the station to help deal with the expected media throng come to see the wreck. 
He had worked late into last evening, alerting public works and the highway commission about the collapse of the stretch. It wasnt the first time a land bridge to part of the Cape had collapsed or eroded away. But lately, it seemed local authorities were taking a hands-off approach to such things, allowing nature to take its course. Hed hate to see that happen to the Rump.
By the time he arrived at the station, things had calmed down a bit. Enterprising locals with boats were charging exorbitant fees to ferry reporters and their cameramen across the bay. Waiting on the other side were dozens of locals with cars and trucks, more than happy to take them to the wreck for an equally exorbitant fee.
It was mid-afternoon by the time the overwhelmed chief took Lucas aside and introduced him to Phil Haskins, the Park Service historian sent from Woods Hole. The chief asked Lucas to accompany him over to the Rump and stay with him as long as it took to make sure things were in order.
The two hitched a ride across the bay on Len Doyles sixteen-foot skiff, then climbed in the back of Paul Murphys pickup for the drive across the Rump. Halfway across, the ranger saw the cop shake his head at all the activity. 
Its gonna get worse, Haskins shouted. 
Lucas thought a moment. Whaddya mean? he asked. 
Haskins smiled. This is just day one, he answered. If this wreck is anything like what Ive heard, tomorrow itll be the Boston stations, and then cable news and the morning shows will pick it up. After that will come the scientists and marine archeologists. Thing like this doesnt happen every day.
When they arrived on the beach, Lucas estimated the crowd at more than fifty people, at least half of them television and print reporters interviewing some of the locals. He saw Arthur Cobb being interviewed by a TV reporter he recognized. Still photographers from the newspapers shouted at the crowd to stand back so they could get shots of the wreck. Haskins asked Lucas to move the crowds back. 
Ranger Quinn broke off his interview with a reporter when he saw his colleague had arrived. After greeting each other, Haskins opened his bags to remove equipment and got to work. He walked all around and then into the thing, touching the beams and the pegs, holding his hands apart to guesstimate the distances. After taking it all in, he removed a pad from his duffel bag and drew a few sketches before asking Quinns help to measure the thing from end to end and side to side, noting the measurements on his sketch. After that, he took out a camera and photographed the wreck from every angle, shooing away reporters who wanted to ask questions. 
In the middle of his photography, Lucas caught Haskins eye and waved him over. He seemed to hesitate a moment to phrase his question correctly. 
What do we do? he finally asked. 
Haskins glanced toward the wreck, snapping another picture before answering. 
Most important thing right now is to keep it intact. Discourage folks from taking souvenirs.
Thats gonna be hard to do, Lucas replied. With the stretch out, patrols will be limited.
Haskins looked thoughtful before saying, That might actually help things. Technically, the wreck is the property of the National Park Service, but locals have the most to gain by keeping it around. 
Smiling, he glanced toward Lucas and added, Business should boom for a while. 
When finished with his latest interview, Arthur Cobb walked over and joined them. Lucas introduced him to the Park Service historian. 
Its a pleasure to meet you, Haskins said. Ive read much of your work.
Cobb beamed before asking, Whats next?
Marine archeologists will be along in the next few days, Haskins answered. Theyll take more precise measurements than we did and get her GPS coordinates. Theyll take samples of wood to see how old it is and what its made of. Probably also do some preliminary digging to see how much more there is.
Anything I can do? Cobb asked.
Just spread the word, tell folks to keep an eye on it. No reason they cant touch it, but ask them to leave it intact so therell be something left for the scientists to investigate. Well put up signs in the next few days warning folks about it.
Glancing over, Lucas saw some in the crowd had moved into the wreck. Adults were touching the smooth tops of the ribs while small children swung from the pegs. Cobb walked over to warn them about souvenirs while Haskins began packing his stuff. 
Lucas looked up to the sky and figured there was another hour and a half of daylight left. While walking over to help Cobb with the crowd, he smiled to think that in just a few hours, hed finally be free to see Angelina and Chad tie the knot.
Chapter Three
~
On the east side of the Rump, the new islands largest landowner had just heard the news. The Duggan boys mother had called to say he would not be coming around as planned, going on to say he had stumbled upon a shipwreck of some sort and apparently there was a lot of hoo-ha about it. Well, that was big news, of course. But still, he was disappointed. The old man looked forward to the boys visits more than he had realized. On the other hand, it couldnt have happened to a nicer kid. He couldnt wait for Chris to tell him all about it.
It was now late afternoon, and he had just finished rounding up his llamas and putting them in the barn. Though he kept a zoologist and veterinarian on staff, he liked spending as much time with the animals as he could. They were so much more predictable than people. In addition to the llamas, he kept a harem of zebras, four miniature horses, and an ancient monkey named Mister Bobo, on his forty-eight acres. He was in talks to acquire a giraffe, but negotiations were in their early stages. 
Whaddya need a giraffe for? his son had asked in a recent telephone conversation. 
Barney had no idea who had tipped him off, but he was certain his son was scheming to have him put away or worse, declared incompetent.
Whats it to you? he replied neutrally, knowing his son recorded all of their conversations. There was always a strange hiss or clicking sound when the two talked. Barney was always careful what he said.
Just kinda expensive is all, dontcha think?
A semi-retired furniture dealer, Barney had started out fifty years before with just one store in a burned out warehouse. Over time, his stores had come to dominate the New England region, mostly on the strength of his advertising. His earliest black and white television commercials, back in the days when there were just three channels, featured his family dog, a golden retriever named Nell. But it wasnt until a delightful chimpanzee named Mister Bobo came along that Zimmerman Furniture became a household name, and the phrase Ill be a monkeys uncle! became forever associated with both him and his store. Barney had been semi-retired for years now, retaining the title of chairman, but passing the presidency and responsibility for day-to-day operations off to his less than grateful son, Seth. 
The first thing Seth had done was change advertising agencies, retiring Mister Bobo and all the animal-themed commercials in favor of a slick-looking, blow-dried, actor-huckster. The stores continued to thrive, despite the publics disappointment that some of the whimsy was gone from the company. Barney didnt ask for much in his semi-ceremonial role as chairman, but he did insist that Zimmermans long-touted satisfaction guarantees remain in place. 
But even as he sought a peaceful retirement, it soon became obvious Seth believed Barney was flitting away his inheritance, building a massive estate and what Seth called a Goddam zoo! Barney sighed to even think about it. It wasnt enough his son had inherited the stores and the presidency. But then, Barney knew hard work was never Seths strong suit. 
He made sure there was plenty of feed in the trough for the miniature horses before shutting the barn door and walking across the massive expanse of lawn. He glanced over to his boathouse, built into a V-shaped cove. The four-story building housed his forty-seven foot cabin cruiser, the Pamela, with room for two more. He didnt take it out anymore. Not since Pam died. He looked at his watch and did the math. 
Two years, thirty-six days, fourteen-hours, and thirty-six minutes ago. 
He put that out of his mind while approaching the house. It had forty-eight rooms when they moved in, one for each year theyd been together. He added on another four before she passed. She had called the whole thing silly, complaining about the dust and the workmen and rooms that would never be used. He just called it love. He recalled her saying once that her favorite toy growing up had been a dollhouse. Hed built the front of this house entirely of glass.
~
The next few days and weeks were hectic ones for both the Rump and the Duggan Arms, the name his mother had given their bed and breakfast. When he arrived home that afternoon, Chris saw his mother had already summoned extra help. At the front desk was Julie Rovner, a college girl who sometimes helped out in the summertime.
That one was from Australia! she yelled excitedly after writing down another reservation. Misty Rowling and Bill Foley were there too. Misty was an older woman whose eight children had all moved away. When she came round to visit, she usually steamrolled her way into the kitchen and ended up doing most of the cooking. It was obvious she loved to cook, so Chris always had a sneaking suspicion that was the real reason for her visits. Bill Foley was a retired cop who did light maintenance at the inn. Walking in, Chris saw Bill headed upstairs with replacement parts for a toilet that needed two flushes to be fully successful. Chris himself was put to work immediately, laundering sheets and towels and making up beds in third-floor rooms that usually went vacant. 
Before the day was through, the twelve-room inn was fully booked for the next two weeks. Those they couldnt accommodate were referred to the Captains Cove, where Marcus kept a few Spartan rooms above the bar for those whod had too much to drink. That was the extent of the accommodations on the Rump itself. The rest would have to find something on the mainland. 
Town Council was called into emergency session to decide what to do about the Rump. Most towns on the Cape had long ago given up taking extraordinary measures to save or salvage the shifting sandbar. It simply wasnt viable and usually ended up being a stopgap measure that eventually failed anyway. For their part, folks on the Rump were happy to continue things just the way they were, charging a fortune to ferry folks back and forth from the wreck site. But the town couldnt allow the confusion to continue, not to mention the lost revenue such under the table activity engendered. Before the meeting was over, it was moved and seconded the town would solicit bids to provide scheduled barge service to bring cars and tourists over to the Rump in time for the summer season.
The story got heavy play those first few days. The Cape Cod TV stations and newspapers were the first to arrive. After that came outlets from Boston and Providence and Maine. The cable news networks had all come too. Chris was nearby eavesdropping when a reporter from CNN interviewed some of the locals. As he listened, he couldnt help but think she was just having fun at their expense. When he heard she wanted to interview him, he made himself scarce. Later that day, he watched the interviews on a segment called Odds and Ends and it turned out he was right. They all had a real good belly laugh at the Cape Cod rubes.
Everywhere he went, people stopped to ask him about it. As the discoverer of the wreck, he couldnt hide from everybody, so he let himself be interviewed by a few newspaper reporters and a couple of TV stations. When he saw himself on television, he was mostly embarrassed about it, thinking hed come off stuttering and looking stupid. He noticed too he hardly opened his mouth when he talked, wondering if it was self-consciousness from years of having metal braces on his teeth. Was that how he talked now? And though that would all be fixed in a few months when the braces finally came off, after a while he couldnt stand looking at himself and had to stop watching. But his mother was so proud he just kept that to himself. She had started clipping all the news stories that featured him.
The hubbub died down some after that first week, and life on the Rump started going back to normal. Chris went to his history class with Mr. Cobb on Tuesdays and Thursdays. He spent two hours every Friday at Barney Zimmermans for tutoring in algebra and beginning calculus, though why anyone did math for fun like Mr. Zimmerman was beyond Chris. 
When he finally did get a few minutes for himself, he stopped by the used bookstore and spent a few hours in the dusty upstairs poring over books about shipwrecks off the New England coast. After narrowing it down, he ended up buying two thick books: Tragic Shipwrecks of New England! and Of Widows and Heartbreak: Stories of New England Seafaring. Over the next few nights, he stayed up late reading about just a few of the thousands of ships that had gone down not far from where he slept.
A week later, he went to throw his dirty jeans in the wash and rediscovered the ball of rock and metal hed found in the wreck. Sitting on his bed, he examined it closely. It seemed heavier than it should be for its size and was encrusted with what looked like rust and mineral deposits and grime. Using his fingernails, he scratched away some of the surface gunk, recalling the way Professor Cobb had used his penknife. Then, he remembered something hed seen on TV. 
Creeping into the kitchen so as not to get a lecture about the evils of soda, he opened the fridge and poured some cola into a glass. Bringing it back to his room, he put the glass on his nightstand and dropped the hunk of metal into it. Bubbles began coming to the surface, and then surrounded the hunk of metal itself. After watching it awhile, worried that his mother might throw it away, he moved the glass from his nightstand to the safety of his bottom drawer.
On Saturday mornings, he took art classes from Dale Duesenberg, the famed New York painter who now split his time between the Rump and his house in Florida. Still spry and sharp in his mid-eighties, he kept a studio over a gallery downtown. Dale had been away the week Chris found the wreck, so on his next visit he made Chris tell him all about it. He listened intently and asked probing questions, laughing knowingly when Chris told him about the CNN interview. When Chris was finished, Dale asked if he wanted to see what he was working on. After Chris nodded, the artist brought him upstairs to his studio, where arranged in a semicircle were a series of black canvasses. 
What are they? Chris asked. 
With a sparkle in his eye, Dale said, You tell me.
Chris began moving slowly from one to the next, examining each of them closely. As he did, he noticed that light from the transom overhead reflected on the canvases, creating shapes and shadows and hints of colors other than black on the paintings themselves. He stopped at the leftmost of the six when he saw something different about it. He crinkled his face in thought before speaking. 
This isnt done yet, is it? he asked tentatively. 
Duesenberg smiled and nodded. Youre exactly right, my young friend! Beaming, he added, Well make an artist out of you yet! And if not an artist, then certainly a critic.
As always, the dog was waiting outside when he left the studio, and from there, the two walked down to the beach. Chris found he spent most of his spare time there now, drawn to the wreck for reasons he couldnt quite fathom. Surely, it had something to do with him being the one who found it and feeling proprietary about that. But he knew there was more to it than that. Whatever it was, it was something he couldnt quite put his finger on. Maybe that was the reason he rarely made his presence known, watching all the activity while lurking atop and behind the dune that loomed over the wreck, the same one hed thrown the stick over the day hed found it.
At some point in the past few weeks, somebody put a wooden fence around the thing, with signs saying it was the property of the Park Service and warning people to keep away. As the chilly winds of March turned into the light breezes of early April, Chris watched from above as archeology students began digging the wreck from the sand, sifting every grain for clues to its identity. The hole around the wreck was now about ten feet deep and thirty-feet across. The students also appeared to be building wooden framing around the wreck, to brace it and guard against collapse. 
All of the work was done under the watchful eye of Arthur Cobb, who was at the site most every day now acting as a kind of unofficial curator. Or maybe it was more formal than that, Chris thought. Perhaps the Park Service had made him a liaison or something. At any rate, Cobb had obviously insinuated himself into every aspect of the wreck and its excavation. Chris watched from above as Cobb coordinated building the framework, saw him work patiently with students on their excavation and sifting techniques, showing them that sometimes, even small items they had discarded were actually critical pieces of data. And on those afternoons when Chris met Cobb for his lessons, the professor spent most of his time talking about the wreck. 
Come here, my boy, he said one day with a gleam in his eye. Take a look at this. 
He led Chris to a work area in the rear of his office where hed built a platform of sorts by laying a piece of plywood atop two sawhorses. Stapled tautly to the wood was a white sheet, providing a clean flat surface. Within easy reach were two mounted magnifying glasses that swiveled here and there. An expensive looking microscope was off to one side. 
Taped to the wall above the desk were sketches of the wreck, drawn from all angles and in various stages of excavation. The largest looked like it had been drawn from above, with numbers placed at various points around the wreck. Chris guessed the numbers were a code of some sort. One glance at the surface of the desk was enough for him to know he was right.
Spread out over the sheet were dozens of small and medium sized bits of what might be metal, and some of what were obviously pieces of broken glass. Mottled surfaces covered some of the items, but most were covered by something Chris was already familiar with: that bumpy, barnacle-like crust that was on the metal chunk he had taken from the wreck. Seeing the care the professor had taken with each item, he felt a little ashamed about just dropping his in cola.
Each artifact was placed atop a numbered index card on which were written other notations. Chris assumed the number corresponded to a location on the map where it was found. Glancing more closely at a few individual items, he saw one was a sliver of green glass labeled Slipware. Another was a strangely curving tube labeled Stem. Some of them were labeled in a language Chris thought might be Latin: Rattus norvegicus, Sylvilagus floridanus, Gallus gallus domesticus. 
After Chris seemed to take it all in, Cobb spoke. 
The larger and more important pieces have gone to the university for study, of course, he said. These are just a few little things Ive picked up on my own.
Chris looked up at the professor. What is it all? he asked. 
The professor beamed back at him proudly. 
My boy, what you are looking at is what is known as maritime archeology, the study of human interaction with the sea via the detritus man has left behind. Understand, every shipwreck is a miniature time capsule, and there are thousands of wrecks all over the world, hundreds of thousands, from every century and every country. Why, there are three-thousand wrecks within the waters of Cape Cod Bay alone! Of course, most of the records of these ships have been lost over time, so the way to piece together each individual wreck is to look at whats left of the ship and its belongings.
He moved a magnifying glass within easy reach, then picked up the sliver of glass labeled Slipware. 
Now, see here, he continued. Slipware was a ceramic that was used for centuries, in pitchers and bowls and tableware. It was manufactured from about the middle of the sixteen-hundreds through about the middle of the eighteen-hundreds. So, finding this, weve already narrowed down the possible date that our ship went down.
He glanced toward Chris and awaited his nod before placing the Slipware back on its card. Then he picked up the long, curving artifact labeled Stem. 
Now, this. Weve found a number of these, a half dozen or so, though thats no surprise. But we have found at least one bowl, which is particularly exciting. Do you recognize what it is? 
Chris thought long and hard, but didnt even venture a guess, merely shook his head. Cobb smiled. 
Sorry, my boy. Probably not a fair question, given theyve practically made it illegal nowadays. But there was a time . . . he said, grasping the item in his palm and raising it to his mouth, when a man had the liberty to enjoy the fine product of Virginia anytime and anywhere one pleased. 
The moment Cobb raised it to his mouth, Chris recognized it as the stem from a pipe. When Cobb saw the gleam of comprehension in his eyes, he went on. 
Of course, theres more to it than that, he said, moving the magnifying glass closer. Then he picked up a ruler that was off to the side and placed it at the tip of the stem. Different pipes went in and out of fashion over time, so the best way to determine what era a pipe came from is the width of the tube. 
Turning to Chris, he paused a moment to catch his eye. This style of pipe was quite popular in the early eighteenth-century.
Chris still wasnt sure what it all meant, but fortunately, Cobb wasnt done yet.
Now, take a look at these, he said, pointing to a pile of what looked like crusty sticks. Gallus gallus domesticus. But you and I know it better as chicken. Ships of a certain age often kept chickens on board, both for their prodigious egg laying capabilities as well as their delicious meat. 
He pointed to another index card that looked to have larger sticks on it. Sylvilagus floridanus, he said. They didnt keep THAT on board for its eggs, my boy, because that is rabbit. Delicious meat.
Then, he picked up a small item from another index card that was about the size of a half-dollar. 
This here I find most interesting of all, he said, though this one came along mostly for the ride. 
After he placed it beneath the magnifying glass, Chris saw it was rounded on top like a small stone. Cobb continued.
What you are looking at is the cranium from a creature called Rattus norvegicus, he said, turning to Chris with a grin. Known to us as the Norwegian Rat.
Still smiling, he put the item back on the card while Chris began piecing it together. Glass from between sixteen-fifty and eighteen-fifty. A pipe from the early seventeen-hundreds. Chickens and rabbits and rats. Though Chris hadnt yet finished his books on tragic shipwrecks of New England, many of the voyages hed read about sounded a lot like this one. He was no marine archeologist, but even he knew now that what hed found was pretty old. Moments later, Cobb phrased it differently.
My boy, the wreck weve found may very well be historic. In fact, it may be one of the oldest and most intact shipwrecks of its kind ever found!
Chris turned to stare at the professor, his mouth agape, not just at his news about the wreck, but mostly wondering: Whats this we stuff?
~
Over time, Chris noticed the park ranger spending lots of time at the wreck. He was often joined by Officer Lucas, now driving a rented SUV until barge service started and he could get his cop car back and forth. Professor Cobb still came every day, rolling up his sleeves, taking charge, and digging in with the students. From his hidden perch above, Chris watched him get excited about every little find from his wreck. But then, Chris couldnt really blame him. He was amazed too just how much more of the wreck there was still to find.
When he first came across it, what protruded from the sand looked to him like the half-buried ribcage of a giant whale. But the more they dug, the more they discovered just how much of the ship was still intact. One side was mostly skeletal, crisscrossing beams bereft of wood or plankings, looking like a skyscraper under construction. But the other side of the hull was remarkably intact. 
Chris watched Cobbs face the deeper they dug, heard his exclamations of: Remarkable . . . remarkable . . . remarkable! echo across the sand to his hiding place above. Chris was there the day Cobb pointed to one place on the intact side of the ship where an obvious repair was made. It was a tropical hardwood patch different from the rest of the ships construction, no doubt put there while the ship was in sunnier climes, far from the windswept New England coast where it ultimately met its fate. He was there the day theyd gone down far enough to find that much of the keel was still intact. 
Something else Chris noticed over time was that despite signs warning of fines and possible imprisonment, not to mention the watchful eye of the Park Service and local police, bits and pieces of the wreck seemed to disappear almost every day. At first, it was just a few pegs here and there, small pieces he figured maybe the Park Service or archeologists were taking as samples to test the age of the wood or to confirm Mr. Cobbs hypothesis about the ax marks. But one day, two of the skeletal beams went missing, and even he knew that was far more than needed for any testing. His suspicions rose.
On a mild Saturday afternoon, after the archeologists had gone home for the day, he was lying atop the dune reading his books and enjoying the weather when he heard the sound of voices. Laying his book down, he peeked above the dune and watched two men he didnt recognize approach the wreck. 
The taller of the two was dressed in a suit and tie and wore a long overcoat. The other was dressed as a workman. Chris knew something was dodgy about them from the way the well-dressed man looked back a few times, as if to see if theyd been followed. He slunk backward in his hideout, dragging the dog with him. Though whimpering with the obvious desire to bark, the dog seemed to understand implicitly.
The men spoke in low tones. Chris caught only snatches of their conversation. The well-dressed man did most of the talking.
Folksll pay a lot of money for a real shipwreck . . . One guy wants the whole damn thing for the floor of his study. You believe that? . . . Tonight . . . Midnight . . . Don worry, youll get paid . . . 
Anger burned inside Chris. These werent scientists taking bits and pieces for testing, but souvenir hunters selling pieces of a real live shipwreck! He remembered the feeling he got each time he saw some of it gone, then remembered the wonder hed felt when he first came across it. It had always saddened him to think that one day thered be nothing left. But to think that day might be today angered him beyond measure. The more he thought about it, the more he realized he wasnt going to let that happen.
~
He heard motors offshore just after eleven-thirty that night. The motors got louder as the boats moved closer and then suddenly cut off. Theyd row the last few hundred yards, Chris realized. It surprised him they were coming by sea, but it hardly mattered. He was ready for anything.
After overhearing the scavengers plan, his first instinct had been to talk to Lucas. Though he could be a hardass sometimes, Chris knew Lucas would help. But he also knew the cops rounds by heart. He drove the same route every day, twice around the island before stopping at McGarveys for lunch, into Annies Variety, and then to the Captains Cove. He never seemed to drink on duty, so Chris couldnt figure out why he spent so much time there. But he was off the Rump by three-thirty every day, and by the time Chris needed him, Lucas was long gone.
By planning or by happenstance, the raiders had chosen a good night for their thievery. Though clear, with thousands of stars shining brilliantly, the moon was hardly a sliver in the night sky. Only white crests of churning foam allowed Chris to tell where the sea ended and the shore began. But while peering over the dune, he saw an outline above the water where stars should be and knew immediately it was the mother ship. It had the shape of an expensive yacht of some sort.
Nearer to shore, two smaller patches of black moved closer by the minute. He heard a hushed cough followed by an urgent shush! and moments later heard a crunching sound as the boats met sand. Eight silhouettes departed the two inflatables, then dragged them onto the beach. They took a moment to remove backpacks and duffelbags from their boats before silently approaching the wreck. His heart pounding, Chris reached into his pocket for his lighter, flicking it again to make sure it worked. 
He began going over everything in his mind to see if hed missed anything, and also pondered a moment whether he should call the whole thing off. It wasnt too late. Hed never done anything like this before, and knew it was out of character. What he was about to do surprised even him. He wondered again about this strange compulsion to spend time at the wreck. He knew his overprotective mother would kill him if she ever found out, and he wouldnt blame her. On the other hand, hed had plenty of time to set things up, and knew the Rump like the back of his hand. If anything went wrong, he was certain he could escape into the darkness. 
And anyway, something had happened between this afternoon and now that made him certain what he was about to do was more important than ever.
~
Chris helped prepare dinner for their guests while racking his brain to come up with a plan. Fortunately, his mother was too busy to notice his distraction, and Julie Rovner was still around and helping out as well. Most of the reporters and scientists had come and gone, but the inn was half-full this weekend with an extended family in town for a wedding. After making the salads, Chris excused himself, saying he wasnt hungry and would be in his room.
While lying on his bed, the sliver of an idea began to take shape in his mind. Though half-formed  and he didnt really believe hed go through with it  he sat up and opened his bottom drawer for his flashlight and saw his forgotten glass of soda. He stared at it a moment before lifting it from the drawer. 
Bits of white that might have been shells embedded in the amalgam were now free and floating on top. Though the bubbles were long gone, the top half of the liquid was still the caramel color of cola. But when he held it to the light, he saw the bottom half was still blacker than night. The metallic chunk was invisible in the darkness. After thinking a moment, he carried the glass to the laundry room. 
He poured the liquid into the sink, shaking it gently a few times at the end to drain some of the slow-moving sludge. When empty, he saw about a half-inch of sand and bits of black gristle still clung to the bottom, but the cola had done its job. The hunk was gone, broken up into a mound of something or other that rose up in the bottom of the glass. 
Turning on the hot water, he half-filled the glass, swirling it around a few times before putting his fingers across the top and again draining the liquid into the sink. This time, when he shook it gently to drain more sludge, something fell into his open fingertips. Closing them quickly, he turned the glass over. The object landed on the bottom with a muffled clink. He noticed then that the last rinsing had left two other objects stuck to the bottom of the glass. 
He shook the now free object into his palm, then lifted the thing to get a better look and his heart beat faster. Though encrusted with residue, its rounded shape made clear it was a coin of some sort. But it was the size and shape of no coin he was familiar with. For a reason he couldnt explain, he was certain it was connected with the shipwreck. 
He glanced to his right, where a series of dusty and little used shelves held ancient cans of paint, rusted tins of polish, and oily rags. He thought for a moment about finding something to clean the coin further, but remembered that time was slipping by, and he had much to do before this night was over. Frustrated and disappointed about having to wait, he picked up the glass and dropped the coin back in. After rinsing and swirling and pouring twice more, he dumped in enough laundry detergent to cover the bottom of the glass. Filling it with warm water, he put the sudsy concoction on the top shelf behind two long abandoned cans of paint. Whatever second thoughts he might have had about this evening were gone.
~
Chris watched from above as eight hunched shadows approached the hole where the wreck lay, then watched them one by one descend the ladder into the earth. He heard their hushed whispers carried on the wind, followed by the muffled pounding of hammers. They were breaking down the formwork supporting the wreck, Chris knew. 
He heard the tearing, crunching sounds of nailed boards being torn one from another, followed by dull thuds as the discarded wood was tossed in a pile. After two minutes or so, he began to hear the unmistakable sound of handsaws cutting wood and knew it was time. 
Turning to the dog, he asked, You ready? The dog wagged its tail, cocked its head, and licked his hand. Smiling, Chris scratched behind its ear and got to work. 
He turned on the flashlight, pointing its fading yellow beam where needed before sticking it in the sand. Severely weakened from hours of use, hed been forced to make most of his final preparations in the dark. After taking a deep breath and asking himself one last time if he wanted to do this thing, he flicked on the lighter. Using his other hand to shield the flame, he brought it in contact with the master fuse. After a nervous moment, it caught with a smoky hiss. He watched the fiery trail run slowly up the dune. 
Near the top, it reached the first fuse in a series and Chris crossed his fingers. There was no need. As planned, the flame branched off, with a new branch running off to the left while the original continued its slow burn up the dune. That same split occurred at the next splice, and the next, and the next. Despite his nervousness, Chris was proud of himself, but even more surprised that it actually worked. Then again, the instructions on the colorful packaging had made it easy. 
It was a slow burning fuse, moving at about two inches per second. By the time the eighth and last fuse was lit, the first four had already gone up and over the dune. Chris guessed he had about thirty seconds left. Reaching into the bag by his side, he removed an object and then counted to fifteen before setting fire to its short fuse. He let it burn about halfway before reaching back and heaving it into the air, up and over the dune. Moments later a piercing explosion lit the night sky. As its echo faded, a curious stillness enveloped the beach, and for a moment, Chris heard only the sounds of the wind overhead and the waves crashing onto the shore below. He reached into his bag and removed another. After lighting its fuse, he reached back to throw it, but before it even left his hand, all hell broke loose on the other side of the dune. 
It began with a thunderous BOOM! followed by the crackling sound of machine gun fire, as the thousands of firecrackers hed hidden in four mounds beneath the sand began to burst and explode. Before that arsenal was expended, he began to hear the whizzing and zooming of bottle rockets escaping from their hidden lairs to shoot skyward. Looking up, he saw their orange trails glowing like tracers in the night sky. Gathering his things, he began inching his way up the dune to get a better look.
Though he had known the difference between a firecracker and a bottle rocket, that had been about the extent of his firework knowledge. He had wondered too just what some of those fireworks he had liberated from his art teachers storage unit actually did. But he had learned one thing: they all had scary sounding names: Chaos, Black Cat, Fresh Fire, Raging Inferno, and Massive Attack. He wasnt even certain how many he had used, because toward the end, with time running out, he simply tossed unopened packages atop the mounds he had built and hoped for the best. But as he peeked his head above the dune, Chris smiled to see his hours of hard work come to fruition. It looked like a war zone.
On the beach below, Roman candles burst, fire flowers bloomed, bottle rockets flared, and cherry bombs exploded in a fusillade of orange sparks and raging fire that would have left Francis Scott Key lost for words. The air was redolent with the acrid smell of sulfur. Smoke rising from erupting pyrotechnics was as thick as a London fog. More importantly, Chris saw the fireworks were doing their job. Through the thick blanket of smoke he saw the men were scrambling to get the hell out of the hole. Two of them had already begun running back toward the boats, and Chris knew it was time to light the final fuse. He turned on the flashlight, then flicked his lighter. 
While bringing it toward the fuse, a pulsing green glow seemed to light up the beach all around him. Glancing over the dune, he looked down at the conflagration below. Whatever it had been, it was gone now. He chalked it up to an unfamiliar firework going off, or maybe a dud. Still, he couldnt escape the sense that the glow had come from behind him. Anyway, it didnt matter. 
After lighting the fuse, he looked down at the wreck, where a man in black shouted, Wait! Wait! to his escaping companions and to those still running and jumping crazily who didnt have sense enough to run away. The mans entreaties were mostly lost in the crackle and boom of the still exploding fireworks, but Chris feared one of the more levelheaded raiders had somehow pieced together it was all a ruse. He guessed the fireworks show had another thirty seconds or so to run, and knew that if the men didnt leave now, they never would. Crossing his fingers again, he hoped, but again, there was no need. Moments later, the first of the bottle rockets he had planted in the dune pointing down at the wreck began going off. One of them caught the shouting man directly in the crotch, and Chris was delighted. Seconds later, the bombardment began. 
Im hit! Im hit! the man shouted, bending over even as a new barrage of fiery explosives began raining down on them from above. That was more than enough for two more of his companions to join their smarter brethren in running for the boats. 
Though masked by the newly begun onslaught, the explosions down below were starting to peter out, and Chris knew the show was almost over. The exploding crackle of firecrackers had become an intermittent trickle, while the whizzing and zooming of rockets overhead faded. But by then, Chris knew they had done their job. He watched as the last two men started dragging their injured colleague away from the wreck and back to the boats. As the explosions subsided, Chris was aware he was smiling, but he was surprised to hear himself also cackling and shouting. It took him another moment to realize it wasnt him. 
Turning to his right, he saw on the sand beside him was a pair of filthy bare feet. He followed the feet upward and saw they belonged to an agitated and very naked man. But the man paid Chris no mind. His shouts and cackles were directed toward the fleeing men below. Whatever the man was shouting, it was another language to Chris. He couldnt make out a word.
Ah ha ha! Serves ya right, ye blaggards! Yell soon ta be gettin yers! Ah ha ha!
The man wasnt done yet. Chris watched the shouting man run down the dune and across the beach, toward the departing boats. He tripped along the way, letting out a stream of something or other that Chris could only assume was invective. 
Ga da rumpo nay har ja! 
After leaping around for a moment on his good foot, he lifted the injured foot to his hands for a good rubbing. When that was done, he bent over to pick up the rock he had tripped over. Chris looked away to spare himself the view. When he looked back again, he saw the man heave the rock toward the departing boats, but whatever the man was still shouting was lost to the wind. Chris realized only then that the last of his fireworks had gone off. 
But those noises were replaced by another, as the men in the boats apparently had no qualms about using their motors to escape whatever dangers still lurked on the beach. Chris thought that even they must realize by now that among those dangers was a crazed and naked man. When they were a few feet further from shore, the motors revved, and the men in the boats began making their way back to wherever they had come from, bruised, no doubt  and Chris smiled to think of one man in particular  but still very much alive.
Chapter Four
~
On the thirty-ninth floor of the Harborside Towers in downtown Boston, a ringing telephone roused Seth Zimmerman from a sound sleep. After lifting his night blinders, he reached out to turn on a bedside lamp before picking up the phone. 
Hlo? he mumbled into the receiver.
Please hold for Mr. Pickett, said an efficient female voice on the other end. Seth glanced at his bedside clock and saw it was after twelve-thirty. 
Evening, Sparky! boomed a now familiar voice. Hope I didnt wake you! 
Seth moved the receiver away from his ear, holding it to his chest and clearing his throat before answering. 
No, no, he said. Not at all. Burning the midnight oil here as well. The pause on the other end made Seth wonder if the man didnt believe him. 
Happy to hear it, Sparky, the man said anyway. Important for us big shots to work just as hard as our underlings. Harder, even. Dont you think?
It must have been a rhetorical question, because the man didnt wait for a response. 
Thats reason number twenty-eight why Ive been successful. Course you already know that from reading my book. You have read my book, havent you? Course you have. Everybody has. And if you havent, you will. Required reading for every member of Decatur Heath Management. Goes without saying were looking forward to having you be a part of us. Thats the reason Im calling. My lawyers tell me theres some kind of holdup. A snag of some sort. Something gumming up the works. Any truth to that?
Seth tried to get his foggy mind in gear. If it was twelve-thirty here, then it was eleven . . . no, ten-thirty Indiana time. The man on the other end of the phone was probably still at his desk, on the third-floor of a once abandoned glass factory overlooking downtown Muncie, Indiana, from which hed built his empire. 
Known as The Maven from Muncie, Calvin Pickett was Chairman of Decatur Heath Management Group and the eighth richest man in the world. He prided himself on working late into the evening, still doing spreadsheets on an original IBM PC, and still using DOS-based Lotus 1-2-3 to do them
Why upgrade? he once famously snorted. Built my company using it. If it was good enough then, its good enough now. 
Seth knew Pickett often called his managers late at night, to badger them about something or other. Keeping his managers on their toes was one of his credos. Seth also knew hed better get used to it, at least for the year he would be obligated to stay with DHMG after Zimmerman Furniture was added to its portfolio. Pickett made senior management of any company he bought stay on for at least a year as part of the deal. He wouldnt buy a company otherwise. He said, Existing management is worth its weight in . . . 
Something or other. Seth couldnt recall. It was somewhere in his book, One-Hundred and Ninety-Six Ways to Buy and Manage Successful Companies Successfully! Seth had only skimmed it and hoped to do no more. He did wonder then, though, if there had been a section on stalling for time. It was just the sort of thing that would come in handy right about now.
Mr. Pickett, he began, I can assure you things are going smoothly on our end. But as you know, a closely-held private company like ours . . . 
Pickett interrupted. I buy and sell companies like yours every day, son. Know how they work. Know how to make em better. Only buy companies with long track records and good management. Thats important. So important, I made it number twenty-six in my book. And Zimmerman Furniture is exactly the kind of company Im looking for. Hell, I already make lamps and sofas and beds. Makes sense to buy the stores that sell em. Called synergy. And your stores in particular have lots of growth opportunity. Lots of room for expansion. But we gotta get you out of that New England corridor you been stuck in and out in the heartland where real people live. No offense.
None taken, Seth thought. He really didnt care. But a hard edge entered Picketts voice that set his nerves on edge. 
No need to remind you Ive offered you close to a billion dollars for it. Never had anyone turn down a billion dollars before. You going to be the first?
No, Im not, Seth thought. Still, he needed time to think. 
Though he was president of the company and its second largest shareholder, the truth was he had very little power. Most of the board was made up of his fathers old cronies, retired bankers with whom hed long done business or the heads of non-profits. But there was a minority faction who had come up in the company with him, young men on the go who could be convinced that selling the company just made good business sense. It didnt hurt that all of them would make out like bandits, and after his father, Seth would make out like the biggest bandit of all. 
After all these years, it still gnawed at him the amount of money he made. It was almost like he was still getting an allowance from his father, and hed never thought that was enough either. Friends from the club, all of whom commanded similar sized companies, earned ten times as much as he did. Probably twenty times if you included other compensation. Granted, those were public companies answerable to mere shareholders. Still, it was expensive for Seth to keep up appearances. And it just wasnt fair. 
He glanced over at Barbara, his third wife, sleeping soundly beside him, totally unaware she was spending him into bankruptcy. But she was a relative skinflint compared to his two children, one of whom seemed intent on staying in expensive colleges the rest of his life, the other having trouble finding himself but determined to travel the whole world looking on Seths dime. But Seth couldnt say no to either of them. It was better than being forced to work in the shadow of your father your whole life.
You still there, Sparky? Pickett asked.
Yes, yes. Of course, Seth answered.
Good. Alright, son, now listen carefully. Heres the deal. Gonna have my boys send over a copy of the contracts. Have your boys look em over. Think youll find everything in order. Now, I know these things take time, so heres what Im gonna do. Gonna date these contracts to expire in a hundred and twenty days. Gives you til the end of the summer. Oughta be plenty of time for you to get everything in order. After that, youre on your own. Understand?
Seth thought about his answer a moment, but there was no need. 
Good, Pickett went on. So were agreed. Important to strike while the irons hot. Get while the gettins good. Thats number forty-eight in my book. You do know we quiz our managers on this, dont you? Whats in my book, I mean. Youre gonna know em all by heart by the time Im done with you!
Pickett let out a cackle. Seths mouth moved, but no sound came out. He did begin to hear clicking sounds from the other end of the phone, Pickett no doubt entering data into his spreadsheets. He was multitasking, something else Seth remembered Pickett stressing in his book. Number seventy-eight, was it?
Heh heh, Pickett went on. Just kidding . . . maybe. But youll find out one way or the other before long. If youre smart, that is. And I think youre smart, Sparky. I can tell that about a man. Anyway, time to get back to work!
The line went dead. Seth held the phone for another moment before reaching over to put it back in its cradle.
He stayed up a long while after that thinking. Hed been given until the end of the summer to convince a majority of the board to sell the company, and he knew that was doable. It wasnt hard to convince rich men to become even richer. Yet even if the entire board was on his side, there was another man who needed to be convinced, and that was a harder nut to crack. But he had his lawyers working on it. Nothing was impossible. 
He smiled to think he remembered that one. It was Picketts very first rule of his One-Hundred and Ninety-Six Ways to Buy and Manage Successful Companies Successfully! It was the foundation of everything else.
Nothing was impossible.
~
Sitting on the hard wooden bench of the Rumps only church, Chris could barely keep himself awake, while at the pulpit, the minister droned on about the hard economic times and about the small ways neighbors could help neighbors. It was all important stuff, Chris knew, but the minister had a speech impediment that made it hard for him to say his Rs, so Chris often felt his mother squeezing his arm to stop him from breaking into laughter. But he also knew his mother would have laughed too, if she could. He figured there was some kind of gene that turned on when you got older that stopped you from laughing at things that were obviously funny. Even so, after returning from church most times, his upper arm was often black and blue, and he didnt think that was very funny at all.
And yes, times are vewy vewy hawd . . .
To keep himself from snickering, Chris glanced around the church, marveling at the way the light refracted through the stained glass windows, or nodding hello to people he knew. Most everybody on the Rump came to this church, regardless of what religion they might be. Services had become even more crowded since the bridge went out. It had been a Catholic church when he and his mother first moved to the Rump, but last year had become some kind of Unitarian thing. Chris didnt miss all the kneeling, but theyd changed the words to some of the songs and prayers and whatnot. But that was okay too, he supposed. It was just their way of trying to include everybody.
As the minister went on about the economy, Chris began to think about it too. He knew times were tough for him and his mother. He knew too that many who lived in town were fisherman, but fishing off the Cape had become so restricted that hardly anybody made a living off that anymore, though a few hardy souls like Clem Johnson and Ron Fernald tried. 
Maybe thats why there were so few young people on the Rump, Chris thought. Because except for the summer tourist season, it was hard to make a living. He supposed that was another reason why the shipwreck was such a boon, bringing hundreds of media types and regular folks here just to take a look at it. He had noticed some of the restaurants normally closed for the season had opened up. The art galleries and antique shops that shut down in winter opened early as well. And though most of that had already dried up, summer was just around the corner.
Let us pway.
Stifling his smirk, Chris folded his hands together and looked down. While the minister led the congregation in the Lords Prayer, he thought again about the strange goings on of last night and into this morning.
~
The sound of motors faded as the boats moved further from shore. From above, still dumbstruck by the strange turn his evening had taken, Chris watched the crazed man pick up a few more stones and throw them in the direction of the departing boats. But it seemed more and more like the man understood the futility of his actions, or maybe all of his anger and energy had been expended. It all added up to the same thing. It looked like his heart was no longer in it.
In addition, and Chris wasnt sure exactly when it happened, at some point during the mans frenzied activities he was joined on the beach by the dog, who took up beside the man and began mimicking his manic behavior the best he could, directing barks and snarls in the direction of the departing raiders. After the mans last shout was lost to the wind, and the echo of the dogs final bark faded away, something finally happened that Chris could get his head around.
Beneath the starlight, the silhouettes of man and dog stood side by side on the shore a moment. The man then turned toward the dog and crouched down. The dog stood still as the man reached out and grasped it firmly beneath the neck, and as it had done so many times with Chris, the dogs right leg rose up to extend into the air behind him. Moments later, the mans cackling laughter at the dogs trick was followed by the dog leaping into his arms. Chris watched it jump up and lick the mans face, then watched the two roll around in the sand a while, delighting in each others company. Though on some level it saddened him greatly, Chris was certain now the dog had finally found its master. He looked away after a moment to let the two have some privacy.
It occurred then too hed been lying there a very long time, though in reality he knew it could only have been a few minutes. Still, he rolled onto his back and took a long stretch before standing up, grabbing his things, and making his way down the side of the dune. He shook his flashlight a few times while walking toward the wreck before turning it on to survey the damage. As hed imagined, most of the formwork had been torn away and thrown off to the side. But as he moved the sallow yellow light across the ships beams, he was delighted to see they appeared mostly intact, though three had abandoned handsaws sticking out of them, frozen in their work. 
He noticed then that the vandals had left their duffelbags behind, though he doubted there was anything in them that identified who they were. Setting aside their hurried desertion of the place, they otherwise seemed like professionals. Anyway, that was a problem for Lucas or the Park Service, not him. 
He moved what was left of the light across the sand, stopping at the piles of burnt paper and long sticks and the other detritus of his fireworks show. As much as hed like to take the time to clean it all up, it was late and he was tired and the light was almost gone. Seconds later, as if to affirm the prudence of that decision, the flashlight went out for what he knew was the final time. At that same moment, a voice came from behind.
Twas quite a show you put on, laddie. Quite a show.
Chris leaped about two feet in the air and turned around quickly, pointing the now useless flashlight in the direction of the voice. He contemplated raising it over his head to use as a club as the voice spoke again.
Now, now, laddie. No need fer yer firestick. I don mean ya no harm.
Through the darkness, Chris saw the man was now at the foot of the dune, about five feet away. Crouched low, he was tenderly petting his dog, apparently recovered from his initial joy of reuniting with his master. The dog now simply gently nuzzled his head against the mans neck and reached out to lick him occasionally. Though the man seemed more than content to let the silence linger awhile, Chris had a few questions. He decided to start with what seemed the most obvious. 
Wherere your clothes? he asked.
Though nude swimming and sunbathing were illegal in town, there were a few hidden coves here and there where that sort of thing was tolerated. Even Lucas seemed to know about them and for the most part, just let them be. And if Chris himself happened to sometimes bring his lunch to one of his hidden perches overlooking those places, and if the women there decided to take off their tops and sometimes swim naked, well. There really wasnt anything he could do about that now, was there? But all of that was at least a month away. 
Chris had thought it a simple question, but it appeared the man needed to think long and hard about it before answering.
Can say fer sure, laddie, he began. Things be a bit hazy at the moment, ifn ya know what I mean, like Im travelin through a heavy fog on an unfamiliar sea. But there are certain things I do remember. Wind an rain an heavy seas. An suren I recall the tearin sound of sails rippin away in a fierce gale, and the sound the mainmast makes when crashin down upon the deck. And though it pains me ta say it, I recall the screams of drownin men. Try as I might, Ill not long forget the screams and cries of drownin men. 
The man went quiet after that, apparently content to sit there and pet his dog all night long. 
Though the man hadnt at all answered his question, the more Chris thought about it, the less surprised he was. He began to estimate his current distance from the man while surreptitiously turning his eyes left and right to determine his best escape route. Because it was obvious now, indeed, in retrospect, had been obvious from the start, that the man who sat before him was unhinged. Chris almost smiled to himself thinking, no shit Sherlock. You didnt need to be the worlds greatest detective to figure that one out. But who was the guy, Chris wondered? Where had he come from? His mind churned with possibilities.
From the look of things, the likeliest answer was that the man had escaped from an institution and somehow made his way here. Chris shivered a moment, remembering the hospital for the criminally insane was just up the road. On the other hand, the guy didnt seem dangerous. Not now, anyway. Just lost. But Chris had seen an example of just how angry the man could get, though even then he seemed mostly harmless. But one thing was certain. He was definitely a foreigner of some sort, his accent akin to something British or Scottish or Irish or some weird combination of all three. He didnt seem drunk. His speech wasnt slurred. But the man had mentioned his mind was hazy, and Chris thought maybe that was the guys way of telling him even he knew he needed help. 
But it was late and he was tired and he just wanted to get home. Someday, his mother was going to discover his not-so-clever trick of using dirty laundry to make a body shaped lump in his bed. He just hoped that someday was other than today. She would kill him if she knew how much he snuck out. No, he thought. Worse than that. Shed be disappointed in him, and that was the worst punishment of all. He remembered then shed be waking him up for church in just a few hours, and not just any church either. It was Easter Sunday. No stomachache or pretend fever was going to get him out of that. 
Still, he couldnt just leave the guy here all alone, and naked to boot. After thinking about it for a moment, he got an idea. Come with me, he said. Through the darkness, he heard the mans knees crack as he slowly got up from his crouch. 
Chris led the man and his dog around the hole where the wreck lay, into the sawgrass, and up and over the dunes that led toward the street. Looking down, he noticed a new and well-worn path now led directly from the dirt parking lot down to the wreck, made by the no doubt hundreds of pairs of feet who had come to see his discovery.
Once over the dunes and onto the street, the light from overhead lamps brightened things considerably. When Chris turned to make sure the man still followed, he saw him stopped beneath a streetlamp to stare up at the light. And though he wondered what that was all about, it gave Chris his first real opportunity to get a good look at the man.
Though it might have been the harsh glow of the overhead lamp, Chris thought he was the whitest man hed ever seen, as if hed never seen the sun. His voice was low, with the guttural cadence of a longtime smoker. But the man himself still had a hint of boyishness in his unlined face. Though he might have been older, Chris took him for somewhere in his mid- to late-twenties. He had a small nose and wide lips. His hair, currently an impossible snarl of knots and tangles, hung down to his shoulders, a curious blend of black with streaks of red running through it. His patchy beard was mostly red with streaks of black. Chris noticed then that the glare of the streetlamp made the mans green eyes glow with a pulsating light that looked like it came from within.
The sound of a car starting a few streets over drew Chris from his meandering thoughts. Lets go! he said, turning around again. 
From behind, he heard the man speak. 
Seems a long way to climb just to light a lamp, he said, his voice filled with wonder. But suren it do give off a powerful glow.
Chris rolled his eyes and continued leading them toward their destination. After going through the backyards of empty summer cottages and through a small patch of woods, they came out just behind the church. Glancing up, Chris saw just one distant streetlamp illuminated this side of the parking lot and thought that boded well for their continued progress. It might also help keep away any late-night gawkers. He had no idea how hed ever explain being with this strange person. 
Turning, Chris saw the man was still a few paces behind. This way, he whispered. The dog seemed to sense where they were going, darting ahead and running toward the large metal box. 
When they got there, Chris opened the sliding door and peeked in. There were a few bulging garbage bags  he recognized the one hed thrown in just the other day  but lots of the clothes were thrown in there loosely. He guessed the bin to be about half-full. Fortunately, beams from the distant streetlight shone through the door, lighting up about a four square foot area. 
Look, Chris said, motioning to the man. Climb in and get some clothes. You really . . . I mean . . . He didnt know quite how to finish the sentence. You just cant walk around naked is all, was the best he could do.
Chris watched the mans face as he peered inside. His eyes at first narrowed, as if he were suspicious about something. Upon seeing there was no danger, he turned to Chris and smiled before gripping both sides of the doorway and gracefully hopping inside. His voice echoed around the metal box as he spoke.
Ah, tis mighty Christian of you, boy, he said. Pervidin clothes fer the clothesless. Surn yer trip to heaven is now all but assured.
Chris listened as he stumbled around in there talking to himself, saw him occasionally bring clothes into the light for more careful examination.
No, no. This won do. Stitchin looks like it was done by a blind . . . ahh . . . now here be somthin. Foinest tailorn London be proud to have this come out of his shop. And oh, this be nice too. Cloth alone musta cost more than a few farthings. I never seed that flavora yeller afore neither. Must be new dyes comin in from the far east. Course, me be wonderin on just whose ships they sail. And this! Suren Ill be the most fashionable man that ere set sail.
Outside the box, Chris rolled his eyes and shook his head. Leaning back, he crossed his arms and waited, thinking that for a guy who only a few minutes ago didnt seem to mind so much he was naked, he sure took a long time to pick out some clothes. He began to tap his foot impatiently, and after another minute or so turned and said, Hurry up! 
The man inside the box just chuckled.
Now, now. Patience, me boy. Lad yer agell soon be learnin that the way a man dresses be the way he is perceived by the world. Nay, ye might be the poorest son of the poorest son, but put a foin suit on a man and sure enough the world be seein him through different eyes. Ahh, now this be what I call a hat . . .
Chris sighed. He looked up at the night sky and thought it might be brightening a bit in the east and knew he had to get home. Turning, he was just about to say his goodbyes when the man clambered out of the collection box and jumped onto the ground. He turned to Chris with a smile on his face while preening in his new clothes. Chris just stared. He must have taken that as a compliment, because he held out both arms and twirled so Chris could get the full effect. At that moment, whatever thoughts Chris entertained earlier about the man being full-on crazy were now confirmed beyond doubt. Starting from the bottom, Chris worked his way up.
On his feet were a pair of ankle-high boots with large brass buckles. Creeping up his legs were a pair of once white, now yellowed athletic socks. Above those he wore a pair of powder blue leggings of a kind Chris had only seen in old music videos. Tucked into the leggings, ballooning outward, were a pair of purple pants that Chris had the distinct impression werent designed for men. Above the two-inch wide plastic belt was a waist length blue housecoat buttoned all the way to the top. Over that was a knee-length, gray woolen coat with wide lapels. The shirt hed chosen was a frilly thing that could only have been discarded from used tuxedo. Tied jauntily around his neck was a thin blue tie that might have come from the same closet the leggings came from, but from the his side. Tied around his head like a bandana was the widest tie Chris had ever seen, bearing a floral pattern of some sort that Chris feared if you stared at too long might invoke convulsions.
Atop his head was a green felt bowler with a black buckle of the sort that Chris knew could only be the remnant of a long ago St. Patricks Day, or maybe part of a leprechaun Halloween costume. Falling below his ears, it had two red feathers sticking out from the left side. Topping off the outfit, in his right hand was an old wooden cane. 
Well, me boy, the man said proudly. Am I not a foin lookin gentleman?
Chris continued to stare, but realized after a moment he was just being rude. But something the man had said earlier came back to him: The way a man dresses be the way he is perceived. 
Chris bit his tongue. You look great, he answered, trying to keep the laughter out of his voice. Just great.
The man smiled sheepishly and then bowed gracefully and deeply, moving one arm daintily behind his back while raising the other that still held the cane. 
Agin, me boy. Im much obliged fer yer kindness, he said.
When the man rose from his bow, Chris couldnt help himself, yawning like there was no tomorrow while wondering how he was going to escape this madman without seeming rude. But before his mouth closed, the man began to speak.
Now now, me boy. I can tell ye can hardly keep yer eyes open, an it be obvious too youve had a hard day. Lad like you shouldve been in bed hours ago, an I be suspectin yer parents be wonderin jes where ye might be.
The man paused to catch Chriss eye before going on. 
Can thank ya enough fer yer kindness, he said. An I want ya ta know it shall be repaid in kind in the due coursa time. Now, go home an get some rest. We be seein ye again.
Chris wasnt sure how he felt about that, but nodded anyway.
An anyway, the man continued. I think it be time I do some explorin on my own. Get quit of me sea legs, as it were.
With that, the man removed his hat and bowed once again, before turning and beginning a slow saunter across the parking lot toward the street, expertly twirling his cane. Chris watched him again stop beneath a streetlight to stare up at it before shaking his head and walking off into the darkness. Moments later, Chris heard soft whistling, followed by someone singing in a not unpleasant tenor.
Ive got a coat and a nobby, nobby coat
Ive got a coat a-seen a lot of rough weather
For the sides are near wore out and the back is flying about
And the linings looking out for better weather.
Chapter Five
~
In his seat at the end of the bench, Chris stifled another yawn, knowing the service would soon be over and he would be free. Like the rest of the congregants, his eyes were closed. His head was bowed for a moment of silent contemplation and prayer. He was embarrassed to hear his stomach growl while thinking of the coffee and pastries coming up after the service. There had been no time to spare for even an apple before his mother hustled him out of bed and out of the house. 
His head was still bowed when he began to hear hushed whispers come from the rear of the church. Opening his eyes, he turned to see what all the fuss was about. Upon seeing it, he turned quickly and began sliding down in his seat, though he knew it was already too late. He had been seen. But what Chris had glimpsed in that brief moment were the people sitting in the rear pew sliding all the way to the other end, while folks in other benches stared wide-eyed at the new visitor. Some quickly turned around again, hushing their whispering children or pointing husbands and reminding them that staring was un-Christian. 
When the newly arrived man caught sight of Chris, he smiled broadly and removed his hat before again executing that fancy bow. But Chris had turned before the man completed it. He imagined the man now sitting himself down in one of the recently vacated, though no doubt still warm, empty seats in the rear. As Chris slumped further down in his own seat, trying hard to make himself part of the bench, the man in back spoke, his voice echoing around the church.
Now, now, he began. Don be lettin me disrupt yer foin services on such a beautiful day. I apologize fer me tardiness, Parson, an Ill see that it not happen agin.
Unconsciously, Chris clenched his eyes shut while the man spoke, fearing hed say something about their encounter last evening. Only after the echo of the mans voice faded away did Chris dare open one eye to look to the altar where the minister stood, smiling peacefully with his arms open in welcome. Not to wowwy, he said. 
Chris pinched himself hard. In a move designed to make it look like he needed to tie his shoe, he moved his arm far from his mothers reach. The minister went on. 
We welcome all new congwegants.
Chris couldnt help it. A snort came out of his nose. Moments later, he relearned something he already knew, that there was no safe harbor for his bruised and wretched arm while his mother was anywhere nearby. Only when she was certain that was the end of it did she let go.
The service ended as it always did, with some brief announcements. Today, a member of Town Council made a special trip over to announce that regular ferry service to the Rump would start in two weeks, moving cars and visitors back and forth in plenty of time for both the Memorial Day holiday and the summer tourist season. After the cheers died down and the announcements were finished, the minister invited the congregation to the gymnatorium in back for their Easter helping of coffee, pastries, and good fellowship. Chris tried to hustle his mother there quickly so he could grab something and then make himself scarce. But she stopped to talk to Misty Rowling and Chris knew that could take forever. So he willed himself invisible, milling among the slow-moving adults who were heading in the direction of the buffet tables and coffee service.
While standing in line, Chris turned occasionally to watch folks enter the large room. It was obvious some of them were still whispering about the strange man who arrived at the end of the service, but most of the discussion seemed to center on how nice everyone looked in their Easter finery. It seemed like the whole town had come to services. He smiled to see Marcus Giles with his hair slicked back, looking uncomfortable in a shiny suit and sweating up a storm. 
Chris nodded to Professor Cobb, dressed in blue pants and a plaid jacket with a flowery scarf draped around his neck. But Cobb seemed distracted about something and hadnt noticed Chriss hello. The two fishermen walked in next, Clem Johnson and his crewman Perry Winslow. They looked awkward in their ill-fitting suits that Chris guessed probably got worn once or twice a year. While pouring himself an orange juice, he heard a booming laugh from the vestibule leading into the gym. His body went tight. Turning, he watched the crazy man walk in, and he wasnt alone. 
Draped on each arm, apparently delighting in the attention, were a pair of elderly women dressed in their Easter finery. Chris recognized the Holcombe sisters, spinsters who lived in a small cottage near the beach and took in sewing to make ends meet. Today, they each wore pastel dresses, one of them fire orange and the other electric blue. Their flowery hats rose about a foot into the air, draped with silk to match their dresses. They both seemed elated to have made the acquaintance of a new gentleman, whose voice now boomed across the gym.
Suren we make a grand entrance, dont we ladies? And me left askin meself what I ere done to deserve havin the luvlest ladies of them all on me arms?
The sisters smiled and blushed and protested his blandishments, but now Chris wondered if theyd ever let him go. He hoped not. Grabbing the nearest Danish, he threw it on a napkin and began walking quickly toward the side door, but it was too late. 
Laddie! You there! Boy! A moment, if ya please.
He didnt dare turn around. It seemed like the gym got quieter, but that might have just been his imagination. From behind, he overheard the crazy man offer his apologies to the ladies and promise hed return. Chris decided he was near enough the door, and thought it better that whatever the man had to say to him, he say it outside and in private.
After stepping into the parking lot, he loosened his tie. It had been warm in the church and seemed even warmer outside. Temperatures were in the mid-seventies and climbing. The sun was high in the sky. Fortunately, most of the congregation decided to stick around a while, so only a few were heading to their cars and leaving, and those who did paid Chris no notice. Leaning against the church, he took a sip of orange juice and then began ravenously downing his pastry. He was busy licking the jelly that had spilled onto his napkin when the man came out. Chris watched him squint against the harsh sunlight, then turn his head a few times until he spotted him. He broke into a broad grin.
There ya are, laddie, he said as he approached. Ya scurry faster than a hunted rabbit. I was fearin fer a moment our paths might not cross.
Chris nodded, seeing in one hand the man juggled a plate piled high with assorted donuts and pastry. In his other was a large cup filled with black coffee. Chris watched the man take a long sip of coffee before moving the plate to his mouth where he captured a donut in his teeth. Then, using only his teeth and tongue, he slipped the rest in his mouth where it disappeared behind bulging cheeks. The man seemed lost in a kind of ecstasy while eating, closing his eyes and grunting occasionally, chewing slowly like it was the best food hed ever tasted. After swallowing the last bit, he seemed to come back to himself. Perhaps remembering his manners, he held the plate toward Chris. 
Still hungry, Chris reached out and took a donut from the bottom. The two stood there silently a while, polishing off the rest of the food and drink.
Occasionally, someone did come out to start their car and head for home. Chris watched the man stare at the exiting cars with the same amazement hed shown while staring up at the streetlight. But there was something else in his eyes too, something suspicious. A kind of wariness. The man seemed to sense Chriss unasked question.
I be learnin they be dangerous beasts, he said, motioning toward a departing vehicle. Silent and stealthy. They sneak up on a man, and sometimes let go with a terrible roar.
Chris suppressed his grin, suspecting the man had an encounter with one last night. Perhaps, one of the beasts had even beeped at the strange looking man walking with a cane in the middle of the street. 
Anyway, the man went on. The reason I be callin out to you is ta thank ye again for the kindness ya showed last evenin. An not jes fer the foin clothes, but fer also pervidin me old bones with a place to rest a while. 
It took Chris a moment to realize the man had nodded toward the clothes bin. He went on.
An it occurs ta me that in all the excitement, we weren properly introduced. Ifn ya don mind me askin, what be yer name, lad?
Chris, he answered. Chris Duggan.
The man smiled widely. Ah, of course twould be Christopher, no doubt named after the greatest explorer who ere set sail, or mayhaps the saint charged with seein weary sailors like me home safe and sound.
Chris was named after his grandfather, but was too polite to mention it. Whats your name? he asked instead. 
Smiling, the man bent low and began executing his delicate and deep bow. 
Ye be talkin to none other than Captain Nathaniel Hornblossom, master of the Lady Grace, a man who be proud to make yer acquaintance, young Christopher, an a man who finds himself today in yer debt.
Chris turned away, embarrassed by the mans effusive introduction. But mostly, he turned to see if anyone was watching. When he turned back, the man had moved closer, close enough to reach out and place something in the pocket of his blazer. Before he could object, the deed was done and the man began to speak.
That be a little somethin ta show me sincere gratitude, and also ta ask another small favor. He waited to grab hold of Chriss eyes before going on. Now, should ya start ta see strangers arrivin in town, faces ye don recognize I mean, an should any a them start askin after me, ye say ye don know me. Ye never seen me. Suren that not be too much ta ask, one sailor to another?
Chris didnt know how to respond to that, so he just nodded. But to himself, he was thinking that when the men in the white coats with butterfly nets showed up, he planned to blow the whistle loud.
But mostly, the man continued, looking away from Chris now to some far distant point, I need ta thank ya fer lookin after me ship.
At that moment, someone called to Chris from inside the church. Glancing toward the open door, he heard his name shouted again and recognized it was Arthur Cobb. When he turned back to the man  Hornblossom was his name  he was gone. 
Chris! There you are, Cobb said, coming out the door looking agitated. Come with me, he said. Youre not going to believe it! He turned and rushed to his car. 
After running inside to tell his mother, Chris followed. 
Cobb was silent as the two drove away from the church, but when they began heading toward the cove, Chris thought he had an idea what had the professor so agitated. Where we going? he asked anyway. Cobb just shook his head and kept driving. 
When they arrived at the Cove, a cold shiver ran up Chriss spine to see both the Park Service vehicle and the SUV Officer Lucas was currently riding around in were already there. Cobb and Chris got out of the car and made their way across the dunes and down to the wreck.
Lucas and the ranger were beside the hole. Lucas was crouched low, going through the duffelbags that were left behind last evening. Chris glanced at Cobb and saw his mouth was a stern line. But as they moved closer, even Chris went wide-eyed at the devastation his fireworks show of the previous evening had wrought. 
Craters four feet deep had been blown out of the Earth at the places hed built his mounds. Dark sand from inside the holes was scattered across the whiter sand above like dried bloodstains at a crime scene. Sticks from hundreds of bottle rockets poked out of the ground like the spines of a purple porcupine. Charred bits of paper that werent embedded in the sand blew every which way along the beach.
While walking, Chris glanced again at Cobb and saw him staring back. The professor nodded sternly, taking Chriss shocked expression for the same bitter emotions he was feeling. 
And though he tried not to show it, what Chris felt most at that moment was pride. It really had been one hell of a show. He looked away so as not to betray himself. 
As the two approached the trench, the ranger looked at them and nodded, while Lucas continued his careful examination of items removed from the duffelbag. 
What do we have here? Cobb asked, staggering a bit after looking into the hole. Wanton destruction! he cried angrily. Who did this?
The ranger shook his head and turned to the crouched Lucas, in apparent deference to his thoughts on the matter. 
The cop was still going through the contents of the bags. Laid out on the beach beside him were items he had already removed: screwdrivers, handsaws, and assorted woodworking tools. After removing and carefully inspecting the last item, an awl of some sort, he discarded the bag and wiped his gloved hands. 
Hard to say, he began. Fireworks might indicate a party of some sort. Throw in teenagers and beer and maybe that fueled the vandalism. Or maybe it was a dare of some sort. 
Standing, he put his hands on his hips and went on. 
Doesnt look like a prank. And Im surprised I dont see empty cans laying around. Empty cases. But well check all the trash barrels before leaving.
Chris watched Lucas slowly survey the scene, trying to piece it all together. His heart skipped a beat when Lucas turned his gaze to the dune above, toward the bottle rocket sticks pointing down toward the wreck. It almost stopped when Lucas glanced higher, to the top of the dune, where Chris had been ensconced for most of last evenings festivities. He began to wonder if hed left anything behind, but figured anyway there had to be some evidence of his stay up there, if only body-shaped lumps embedded all over the sand. He began breathing again only after Lucas turned his sunglassed eyes away from the dune and down toward the wreck.
Anyhow, Ill investigate. Do some asking around. He turned to Cobb and nodded. Dont worry. Well get to the bottom of it. 
With that, he walked over to the trench and began climbing down into the hole, no doubt to gather the rest of the evidence, the saws still embedded in the ship. When he was gone, Cobb turned to the ranger. 
You said you had some news? 
Chris perked his ears.
You were right, Quinn began. White pine. And the keel is hard maple.
Chris didnt know what to make of that, but knew it was important when Cobbs face lit up. 
I knew it! he said. I knew it! It was the only explanation.
Knew what? Chris asked, raising his head to glance at the professor. 
Given the dimensions, Cobb answered, not to mention the quality of the workmanship, I was almost certain. But weve been waiting for the results to come back before we could say for sure. But now . . .
Cobb turned toward the wreck. Chris watched him turn and then, from the corner of his eye, saw something appear just over the dune as Cobb continued. 
Much can be deduced about an unknown vessel by the wood it was built from. For example, yellow pine and live oak and cypress reveal a ship built in the southern colonies. But this ship is made of white oak and hard maple, revealing a more . . . northerly place of birth.
Cobb turned to Chris. As he did so, Chris raised his eyes above Cobbs left shoulder, and what he thought he had seen was now confirmed. Two feathers had indeed risen up from behind the dune, only now it was a complete head, and one not trying very hard to remain hidden. Chris saw it was the green-hatted head of the crazy man from last night and this morning.
What I mean to say my boy is that theres only one place this ship could have come from. The New England colonies! Boston or Portsmouth or Quincy or any of a half-dozen more places. 
Cobb turned to Quinn, who mercifully also had his back to the dune. Chris dared another glance above and saw the man had ducked down a little, but only a little. He also knew that if Lucas came out of the hole right now, the man could be seen from the shoulders up. 
Cobbs excited voice distracted Chris a moment. 
Has the carbon dating come back yet? Cobb asked Quinn.
Tuning them out, Chris turned his attention back to the man on the dune. He wasnt sure why he was doing it, but he raised his arm and waved his hand a few times, signaling the man he could be seen. The man put a quizzical look on his face, but after Chris did it a few more times, he seemed to get it. After saluting Chris, he lowered himself down.
. . . a national treasure! Cobb said triumphantly, though Chris had missed most of the discussion.
I agree, I agree, Quinn said. I suspect theyll do exactly that.
Though he was curious what had been said  hed caught the word museum but not much else  Chris couldnt exactly ask them to repeat it. But Cobb himself seemed satisfied with the outcome. After shaking Quinns hand, he shouted his goodbyes and thanks to Lucas before motioning Chris to come with him to his car.
I . . . think Ill just walk from here, professor, Chris said, not sure what had come over him. Cobb just shrugged and turned back in the direction of the car. 
Chris then said his goodbyes to the ranger and the cop before walking away from the hole, in no apparent hurry, seemingly without a care in the world, around to the other side of the dune. When he got there, he looked up and saw the man  Hornblossom  still peering over the top, keenly interested in what was going on. 
Ducking low, Chris crawled up there to join him, lying down next to the man. Raising his head above the dune, he looked down to see Lucas had come out of the hole and now stood beside the ranger. The two talked in low voices, and then the ranger nodded and shook Lucas hand and began making his way out of the cove. Lucas stood there a while longer, staring into the hole before turning his head in all directions. 
Chris grabbed Hornblossoms shoulder and pulled him backward, remembering what a clear view hed had when standing by the wreck. The man seemed to understand. Though still not turning his attention away from below the dune, he allowed himself to be shoved down. After another minute, Lucas began his slow walk away from the hole toward his parked car. After Lucas could no longer be seen, Chris spoke.
What are you doing here? he asked.
Hornblossom continued to stare down at the beach and the wreck. When he spoke, Chris noted he spoke with a seriousness he hadnt yet heard from the man.
That man ya come here with, Hornblossom began. The one with the flowery scarf and the pink face. 
It took Chris a moment to realize it was a question.
His names Professor Cobb, Chris answered. Hes . . . well, hes kind of a historian.
Hornblossom stayed quiet. When after a moment he did speak, his eyes never left the wreck. 
He be covetin my ship, he said. 
It took Chris another moment to figure it out, but that was becoming a pattern with this guy anyway. What he came up with was the man had somehow got it into his mind that this was his ship. It was already obvious he thought himself some kind of sailor, a captain, no less. Was it so farfetched that he now believed this was his ship? Memories of skits hed seen on television where crazy people thought they were famous people, Napoleon or somebody, came to Chriss mind, but he suppressed his smile. 
Anyway, he wasnt really sure how to respond, so he thought it best to remain neutral. 
No, hes not, Chris said. He just thinks its important, is all. Like a historic artifact.
The man seemed to think about that a moment, before finally moving his gaze from the wreck and turning to look at Chris. 
Ah, yer a good swain, always assumin the besta people. But believe me, laddie, tis more than that. You can always tell by the look in their eyes. An ya look close enough, ye can see it writ all over their faces. Tis a look ya need always be on guard agin. 
He paused a moment, turning away from Chris to stare down at the ship once again. 
An this one, this perfesser, I see him here all da time. He be comin ta stare at it, ta touch it. Watched him diggin roun every side, cartin tings away don belong to him. Believe me boy, I know the look of a man who be covetin a ship. An this perfesser a yours, this sirrah, he be covetin my ship.
Hornblossom went quiet after that, giving Chris time to ponder what hed said. 
It was certainly true that Cobb was here every day. It was also true he had insinuated himself into every aspect of the dig. But Chris knew it was kind of his hobby. He had even written books on such things. But then, Chris recalled all the carefully labeled items on the wooden desk, and the look on Cobbs face as he described them. Mostly, Chris remembered Cobb calling the wreck what weve discovered. He hadnt thought about it much, but at that moment, Chris realized subconsciously hed been wondering how long it would be before Cobb called it what I discovered. He also couldnt help but notice that over time, Cobb himself had become the face of the wreck. He alone had appeared in all the recent articles and news reports about it. Chriss own role in the discovery was mentioned less and less. He told himself he was happy to fade into the background. But was he?
Anyway, hed have to think about that another time. He had promised his mother hed be home in time to help with Easter brunch. Plus, he had plans to spend the afternoon with Barney Zimmerman, who had recently added to his collection of exotic animals. 
Well . . . Ive got to go now, Chris told the man. 
Hornblossom didnt shift his gaze from the wreck. 
You go on home, boy, he said. We be seein ya roun from time to time, Im sure.
With that, Chris turned and began sliding down the dune.
~
Chris and Barney stood outside the newly occupied pen, laughing as they watched the zoologist try to round them up. He was using whistles and claps to try to get their attention, wanting to show them their seed trough and introduce them to the heated enclosure where they would spend the cold New England nights. But the birds were having none of it. The emus simply eyed the strange man warily with their huge eyes and walked away majestically. 
Theyll figure it out, Clark! Barney yelled. 
The sweating animal expert wasnt giving up. It had become a test of wills, a lone man versus two of the largest birds known to man. When one of the birds suddenly began chasing him, kicking out with its powerful foot  a move Clark had already warned Chris to watch out for  it was not yet certain just which of the two species would come out on top. 
Barney had devoted a few acres on a bluff overlooking the ocean to their enclosure, ensuring the massive birds had plenty of room to roam. The zoologist had already shown Chris how to care for the birds, making sure they had plenty of food and water, showing him how to spice up their regular seed diet with the various plant delicacies Barney was having delivered weekly. 
The ostensible reason for Chriss visits to Barneys estate was math tutoring, but he came here often outside of that to spend time with the animals. Over the years, Barney helped Chris understand algebra and geometry and beginning calculus, but he also allowed and encouraged Chris to work with the zoologists and other staff to learn how to care for the animals. Truth was, Chris despised math. Not that he was bad at it. He never got less than a C on the standardized tests the state made him take. It was more it was his hardest subject, the one he found most difficult to understand. He asked Barney one day why he enjoyed it so much, why he continued to do advanced calculus the way other people did crossword puzzles. Barney smiled.
Son, for me, math is the only place in the universe where things make sense. Where things add up every time. Its a comfort to know theres at least one place where there is only one right answer. The rest . . . he said, waving his hand around the room, though really addressing the whole world, is all shades of gray. Right and wrong get . . . mixed up sometimes. Know what I mean? Things out there dont always end the way you want them to . . . or the way you imagined they would.
His voice went soft on that last part. Chris heard a kind of sadness creep in. But Barney didnt allow it to linger. Smiling again, he went on. 
Anyway, thats why I love math, and why Ill do it til the day I die. It helps keep my mind sharp!
Chris wasnt sure about that. It made his own head want to explode. But he did his best anyway, and tried not to get too frustrated with himself. He didnt want to let Barney down.
While watching the emus, from the corner of his eye Chris saw a man approach. He turned and saw it was Dawkins, Barneys lawyer, who always seemed to be somewhere on the premises. A short man, he wore round eyeglasses and ill-fitting suits. His pale mustache was almost invisible against his paler face. What hair he had he wore in a combover that was no challenge for the wind constantly whipping around the estate. 
As Dawkins approached, Chris saw he clutched a portfolio of some sort tightly to his chest. A moment Barney . . . he said.
Barney turned to Chris and smiled, then excused himself. But Chris thought it was a sad smile, and for a moment there, for the first time in his memory, Barney looked like just a sad and tired old man. And whatever the lawyer shared with him in the three or four minutes he was gone hadnt lifted his spirits any. 
After coming back, he stayed quiet a long while before turning to Chris and saying, Lets go for a walk. Leaving the zoologist to his fate, the two turned and began walking along the bluff.
The afternoon sky was robins egg blue, with high puffy clouds moving in lockstep across the horizon. Nearer shore, gulls coasted lazily on the wind, occasionally dive bombing the surf looking for an unlucky crab or small fish. As they walked up the small hill, they came out onto the vast lawn at the rear of the mansion overlooking the sea. As always, Chris found the view breathtaking, struck once again that such a humble and unassuming man had done so well for himself. 
The roof of the boathouse where Barney kept his yacht and still had room for another soared three stories above the bluff across from them. There were another two stories below that were lost to their vision. Chris knew the boathouse was also home to a variety of craft shops, woodworking and metalworking and the like. Barney used to spend a lot of time in there, but Chris couldnt remember the last time hed had to go in there and retrieve him. It was as if hed lost interest in most everything. In fact, now that he thought about it, Chris couldnt remember the last time Barney left the confines of his estate.
So it surprised him when Barney asked, How are things down at the shipwreck? He asked it in such a way that Chris knew hed shaken off at least a little of his melancholy.
Chris told him of the trench and of the students digging for artifacts. For some reason, perhaps because of his own involvement, he left out the goings-on of last night and this morning. When he mentioned Professor Cobb and the artifacts hed collected, Barney said, Arthur Cobb, huh? Interesting. 
He said it noncommittally, but Chris thought it strange nonetheless. He finished by telling of the efforts to date the wreck and how it looked like it might be something historic.
The two came to the wooden stairway that went down the cliff leading to the boathouse entrance. Pausing in their stroll, they leaned on it to rest a while. Barney stared out at the ocean. Chris thought his mind had already gone elsewhere when he asked, So what are you going to do with it?
What do you mean, Chris asked, not understanding. 
The wreck. The artifacts. All that history. What are you going to do with it? Its yours, you know. Yours and yours alone.
Chris thought about that and knew Barney was right. But for a while now, it hadnt felt that way. Hed let himself be shunted to the side. Anyway, Arthur Cobb had far more experience than he did in excavation and history and all that other stuff. But Barney was right too. The wreck was his and his alone, something hed done that hed remember his whole life. For reminding him of that, Chris was grateful. 
Thanks, Barney, he said. I appreciate it.
Barney smiled. You just think about that, he said.
~
On Tuesday afternoon as usual, Chris was over Cobbs house. The subject theyd been studying for weeks now were the waves of immigration to American shores in the late-nineteenth and early-twentieth centuries. Arthur had provided Chris a bunch of books on the subject, all of them boring as sin. Chris had taken to reading a paragraph or two just before bedtime and learned they were guaranteed to bring on slumber. 
But Chris wasnt here to talk about immigration. Hed tried a number of times to get Cobb talking about the wreck, to talk more about the artifacts hed gathered or to explain the tests that were being done at the university. But today, Cobb seemed strangely distracted, or at least uninterested in talking about it. While Chris studied, Cobb sat across from him on the couch, typing away on his laptop.
Of course, Chriss real motive was to learn what the ranger and Cobb had discussed while hed been distracted trying to get Hornblossoms head down from over the dune. He was still unsure why hed done it, why he tried to protect the crazy man from . . . what? he wondered. Himself? The authorities who were no doubt trying to track him down? Maybe it was just that it seemed Chris was the first person the guy had stumbled onto, or maybe it was that the guy just seemed so helpless. Anyway, he had to admit there was a certain charm about him. Must be nice to go through life completely oblivious to reality, Chris thought. But enough of that. It was time. 
Pretty cool, isnt it? Chris asked, looking up from his open book test. 
Cobb took a moment to finish what hed been typing before looking up. Whats that? he asked. 
Chris answered, What you and the ranger talked about on Sunday. Pretty cool, no? 
Cobbs face went hazy a moment, thinking back on the encounter. When it began taking on that dreamy look Chris had become familiar with, he knew Cobb would soon be talking about the wreck.
Son, he began. It is the biggest thing that ever happened to this town, maybe even the whole state. Its also one of the most exciting things to ever happen in the field of maritime archeology. Not as big as Vasa, mind you, but certainly bigger than Mary Rose. And to think that I . . . well, we . . . anyway, its very exciting. In fact, Im working on a presentation Ive been asked to give the trustees on Friday. I have no doubt theyll take it. In fact, Im confident theyll provide the funds. Theyd be crazy not to. Theyll be world famous! And if they dont, Ive fielded a dozen other requests, with more coming in daily.
He got pensive for a moment before going on. You know, Ive often wondered how Id make my mark on this world. What Id leave behind. Its true, Ive had the privilege of molding young minds, and thats a legacy Im proud of. But this . . . well, lets just say I plan to make it my remaining lifes work. I will go where it goes. I intend to sail with the Lady Grace.
While Cobb smiled at his attempt at poetry, a chill crawled up Chriss spine. Hed heard that name before, spoken by a crazy man. 
And if they want to name a building after me . . . Cobb continued, looking at Chris and winking, then who am I to say no? 
He paused another moment with that faraway look in his eye before sighing and setting the laptop off to the side. 
But enough about me and my silly dreams. How far have you gotten? Eighteen-ninety eight? Oh, yes. A very exciting year for immigration.
Exciting was about the last word Chris would use to describe it. Hed rather be doing quadratic equations or having a cavity filled. Maybe have bamboo shoots stuck up his fingernails. But he went through the motions anyway. 
And though he hadnt interrupted Cobb for fear of distracting him, much of what hed said made little sense. Name a building after him? Theyll take it? Take what? But he had gotten something, anyway. In addition to whatever immigration crap hed have to memorize, he was leaving with some homework. There were a few new phrases he had to look up: Vasa and Mary Rose. 
But mostly, he needed to know more about the Lady Grace.
~
Book II
a phantom ship, with each mast and spar/
Across the moon like a prison bar.
 Longfellow 
Chapter Six
~
While completing his rounds beneath the late May sunshine, Lucas noted most year-round residents of Sullys Rump appeared present and accounted for. All the regulars were there when he stopped by McGarveys burger joint for lunch. Down the street, the shelves of Annies Variety still looked a little sparse, but that would be fixed come next week with the beginning of regular barge service. And all appeared well down at the marina. Most of the fishing boats were still out, but his count of sailboats and other recreational vessels seemed about right.
The three visits hed made that day to Nutmeg Hollow and the shipwreck revealed that all was well there too, with no further signs of criminal activity. In fact, there werent many signs of anything at all, and hadnt been in a few weeks. Though one or two people sometimes wandered off the beaten path to ogle it, the crowds that once gathered there to ooh and aah no longer came. The archeology students who had spent long days there were long gone. But Lucas knew all could change in the next few days if word leaked out it was getting close to the last chance for locals to see it. 
Although plans were hush hush so as not to arouse more scavenging, Lucas himself was in the loop. The Park Service had arranged for the entire wreck to be donated to the university, where it would be studied or rebuilt or something under Arthur Cobbs direction. Salvage teams would begin showing up in the next few days to cart the whole thing away. Lucas was glad about that. The wreck had upset his routine, and he figured once it was gone, things would go back to normal. Just the way he liked them.
Though hed done some asking around in the days afterward, talked to the usual teenage miscreants and future criminals whom he suspected might have been involved, none took credit for the vandalism. Everyone hed spoken to had alibis. The bags in which hed found the tools were generic things, sold at hundreds of outlets throughout the region. The tools were of the sort that could have come from anyones basement workshop. The trail had grown cold, and he had since concluded if he were going to make detective, it wouldnt be on this case. 
But hed been right about Angelina, and there was some solace in that. The little tramp had gone through with her wedding to Shane, but Reese had indeed come back no more than a week later to declare his love for her. Did she tell him it was all in the past, that she was a married woman now? Of course not. Lucas shook his head to think that not a week into her marriage she was already being unfaithful. But it looked like all that was coming to a head too, because just before todays show ended, Shane was outside the door and about to walk in on the two of them. And it looked like the normally saintly Shane was in no mood to find something like that. Lucas couldnt wait to see how things turned out. But all that would have to wait until Monday.
Driving through the commercial district, he saw lots of foot traffic, folks coming down early to air out the cottages and get their places ready for the upcoming Memorial Day holiday and the summer season. A well-dressed couple stood outside a restaurant looking at the menu and deciding if it was for them. Another couple and their bored looking teenage son were doing some window shopping outside one of the galleries. 
Further up the road, Lucas smelled the freshly mowed lawn of the town green. It wouldnt be long before the Saturday film series began, a summer tradition where they showed free movies outside. It was fun for families and a cheap date for the younger folks. Like a silent sentinel looming above the freshly mowed grass was the town pine. Dog gone it if it didnt look like it had grown some throughout the winter. Truly an impressive site, he thought. A worthy centerpiece for the town. 
He drove past the densely packed houses and saw a few folks out on front porches. Smoke rising from others revealed a few were getting a head start on barbecue season. He smiled to think what a nice town this was, an almost idyllic community. One which he was proud to serve. And once barge service started and transport became a regular thing, everything would get back to normal. He was looking forward to that.
He was about a half block past the neighborhood when off in the distance he saw a group of men walking down the street toward town. Lucas didnt recognize them, though it would be vanity to think he knew everybody on the Rump or their summer guests. But as he moved closer, they simply looked strange. Lucas swiveled his head as he passed and was fully turned before realizing it. He quickly turned around again and swerved back onto the road. By the time he had control over his vehicle, they were tiny spots in his rearview and he was left only with their memory.
There had been five of them in all, dressed in the strangest costumes Lucas had ever seen. The tallest was a beefy black man. He was dressed in short pants, black boots, and a silver shirt with glittering sparkles that made Lucas squint. Beside him was a big headed, thick-necked man, as bald as the day he was born. He wore an outfit similar to the black mans, but in twinkling red. Next to him was what looked like the youngest of the lot, perhaps fourteen or fifteen. He wore tight white pants and a gingham checked shirt that could have doubled as a tablecloth. The fourth was dressed in a wife-beater and red hotpants. His dark complexion and long black braids falling below his shoulders might have caused Lucas to come a conclusion about him. But the feathers that rose from the back of his head made Lucas fairly certain he might be an Indian. The fifth was obviously the oldest of the bunch. gray haired, he wore tattered jeans and the most Hawaiian Hawaiian shirt Lucas ever laid eyes on, a veritable explosion of orange and red flowers. He walked with a limp and had what looked like a perpetual scowl on his face. All but the Indian had scarves tied around their heads and necks.
Lucas watched the motley crew in his rearview until they could no longer be seen, and by the time he arrived on the shore to wait for the boat that would take him off the Rump and home for the weekend, he reminded himself it was once again time to put the Pump and the Ramrod back on his daily rounds, because it appeared the alternate lifestyle types had, for some reason, arrived on the Rump early this season.
~
When Chris thought back on all of the strange goings on of the past few weeks, when he reflected upon all the things he had both done and failed to do, it became clear to him that both his actions and his inactions had only made inevitable what was about to happen. He had only himself to blame for the chain of circumstances that brought him to this place, for he had paved this particular trail brick by brick, stone by stone, and decision by decision.
In fact, now that he thought of it, he realized had he done any single thing differently, had he made one alternate decision at any point in the chain, he would not be where he was now: cold, wet, and trying to keep his supper down from the amusement park ride that was going on beneath his feet.
And though nobody within two feet of him could possibly have seen it, through the tomblike darkness and torrential downpour and the pounding of ten-foot waves, he smiled. He smiled because he understood that a single different decision would have altered what was about to happen, and because he had just finished asking himself if he regretted any one of those decisions, asked himself if he could, would he go back in time and take any one of them back? And the answer he arrived at in that moment of quiet introspection was unambiguous.
Hell, no.
~
After leaving Cobbs house on the afternoon of their cryptic conversation, Chris repeated those phrases in his mind that he needed to remember. He continued repeating them after he got home, where his mother corralled him to go upstairs and help Bill Foley replace a guest room door that wouldnt close when it got too humid. He was still repeating them in his mind when his mother insisted he join her and Misty Rowling for supper, and his suspicions rose. 
Most of the time, so long as he did his chores and his homework and practiced the violin, she left him alone. But specifically requesting that he sit down to dinner with her and Misty? Well. Something was up. And when during dinner Misty let slip that . . . The Beast . . . was coming to spend the summer, his fork froze in midair. He looked at his mother, realizing her inability to look back at him confirmed this was the reason she had asked him to join them for dinner. She knew he was too polite to say anything. When Misty said wouldnt it be nice for him to have a playmate, he almost screamed.
The Beast was Chriss nickname for Sarah Bickerstaff, Mistys granddaughter. She had summered on the Rump during Chriss first year here and made his life miserable. When she wasnt poking him, or making fun of him, or giving him fake hickeys by holding him down and rubbing his neck raw, she spent her time talking . . . and talking . . . and talking. Not to mention her annoying habit of creeping up on him. 
In the years since, shed spent a holiday weekend or two on the Rump, and for each of those visits, Chris had made himself scarce. But this year, her parents were going to China. Shed be finishing school early and arriving next week. Misty said Sarah couldnt wait to see him again, while Chris stared daggers at his mother. She knew all about his antipathy toward Sarah, having soothed his Indian burns while assuring him she was just being playful. But his mother wouldnt return his gaze, and when he saw what mightve been a smile on her face, he knew she had set the whole thing up. Of course, what had been integral to her plan was she knew he would be polite. If nothing else, he was always polite. 
So, he smiled and nodded and pretended to listen to their conversation. But beneath his anger and bitterness at knowing now how this summer was going to turn out, he kept repeating those phrases in his mind: 

Vasa and Mary Rose. 
Vasa and Mary Rose. 
Vasa and Mary Rose.
~
It was late by the time Chris sat down in the narrow, closet-like space just off the front room. In fact, the room used to be a closet until a few summers ago, when Bill Foley knocked down a wall and made the room longer. He had mounted a long desk to one wall that now held an Internet-enabled PC and telephone along with extra workspace to give those guests who needed online access privacy and comfort. Chris often spent time in here, doing homework or taking standardized tests required for his home schooling. Sometimes, he just zoned out and surfed the web, finding out what was going on outside his small domain that was Sullys Rump. 
Tonight, hed brought a couple of things with him: his notebook, to scrawl down any thoughts he might have about what he learned; the two volumes of shipwreck lore hed bought at the used bookstore, to compare what he found in his searches with what was in the books; and the items the man who called himself Hornblossom had placed in the pocket of his blazer on Easter Sunday. Looking back on it, if it werent for the jingling when he went to hang up the coat, he might not have found them until next Easter. Christmas at the earliest. He hadnt thought too much of it when he reached in to pull them out, but a shiver ran up his spine when he looked down and realized they were something he had seen before. Something he was already familiar with. 
Though in better shape than those he had immersed in the forgotten glass of cola, it was obvious these too were coins, and of the same variety that Chris had already found. Not as crusty as those he had picked up from the sand, the ones in his blazer would still have been unrecognizable if he hadnt already seen examples of what they looked like. Blackened and bent, they too needed a good cola soaking before Chris  kicking himself for not asking Cobb what method he had used  found an old toothbrush and some baking soda and scrubbed off what surface junk he could. He had since used that same somewhat satisfactory method on all five coins in his possession. When he finally revealed the metal beneath, he discovered two of them were silver, the remaining three gold. His scrubbing also revealed a few letters and glimpses of designs carved into the coins. Of course, that they were real silver and real gold was only a guess. But he figured they were too ancient to be anything else. Anyway, he thought, while typing the house code to log onto the Internet, he finally had a few minutes to piece some of the mystery together.
He didnt quite know what he was looking for, but hit paydirt on his very first link. It took him to an online encyclopedia, where he began reading about the Vasa. A Swedish warship built around 1626 or so, on its maiden voyage, after sailing less than a mile, it foundered and sank off the Swedish coast. It turned out there were design flaws that made the ship top heavy, and all it took was a light breeze to make the thing keel over. The ship was forgotten for a few hundred years, but in the 1950s, she was discovered again lying just outside Stockholm harbor. 
A salvage effort dredged her up from the bottom, and to the surprise and delight of the marine archeologists, the ships hull was mostly intact. During their excavation, they also found thousands of artifacts as well as the remains of fifteen people. They ended up restoring the ship and putting her in a museum, where it was to this day the biggest tourist attraction in Sweden. Chris spent a few minutes mesmerized by images of the grand ship, fully restored now, its sails wrapped and its rigging in place. Her stern was covered with hundreds of intricately carved creatures: mermaids and lions and sea monsters as well as heroic images of Greek and Roman Gods that were supposed to strike fear in the heart of the enemy. He paused a moment to think about another famous ship that went down on her maiden voyage before going on to his next search.
Though he had an idea now what he was looking for, he still thought Mary Rose might take more time than Vasa had. But again, his very first result took him to a site with the heading: Welcome to Mary Rose  King Henry VIIIs Favorite Ship! Chris smiled to think the King might have been better off had he picked a favorite wife before reading the page.
Like Vasa, the Mary Rose was a warship. Unlike Vasa, it got in a good thirty-three years of service before meeting her demise against the French, sinking in battle in 1545. Again like Vasa, there was speculation the ship had design flaws, specifically that the gunports for its cannon were too near the sea. In its final battle, while tacking sharply to shoot another broadside at the French, the ship began filling with seawater and capsized. Many experts now seemed to feel it was inevitable, that those thirty-three years of service shed had were simple luck. After she sank and for the next hundred years or so, a few attempts were made to raise her. But it was pretty much forgotten until being rediscovered in 1971, and it was finally raised from the bottom in 1982. Hundreds of artifacts were found, along with hundreds of bodies of her crewmen. The Mary Rose too was now in her own museum. 
Chris spent a few minutes looking at pictures of the ship, though half a ship was more like it. One side of the hull was intact, but the other side was absent, so the effect was like looking into a dolls house. It was a massive thing, though. The floors below deck were still there, along with just enough of the decorative railing at the top to imagine what it might have looked like when being used to kill the French.
Yawning, Chris glanced at the clock and saw it was past midnight. He was tired. It was obvious to him now he wasnt going to get in all the searching he wanted to. But there was one last item he needed to look up before going off to bed. Fortunately, it was one he hadnt had to repeat endlessly in his head, because he had heard it a few times by now. For his last search term, he typed in the name Lady Grace, and he couldnt have been more excited by what he found. He imagined it was much the same excitement that Arthur Cobb had felt when hed learned it, and he supposed that was why, when the rest of them began showing up, it didnt come as a complete surprise.
Chapter Seven
~
Though tired and wishing hed gotten more sleep, Chris woke early the next day. After making himself some sandwiches, he walked down to the shore and ate his breakfast on the beach. When finished, he strolled down to the sea and took his sneakers off, not daring wade any deeper than his toes in the still frigid water. In no particular hurry, he began meandering in the direction of Nutmeg Cove and the wreck. Halfway there, his head was down as he looked for seashells when he caught a green glow out of the corner of his eye. It had come from the direction of the wreck. Raising his head, he began walking toward it when he saw three naked men come around the dune in his direction.
They were about ten feet away when they caught sight of Chris. Suddenly, all three moved their hands to cover their privates and looked down in embarrassment. The one on the right, a huge muscled man, was perhaps the blackest man Chris had ever seen. The man on the left had long black hair that was all in tangles now, a sharp nose, and a dark complexion that made Chris think he could only be a Native American. The man in the middle was the shortest, bald as a cue ball and about as round. After another awkward moment, the one in the middle raised his head and looked up at Chris. 
Beggin yer pardon, young sir, he began. But we were wonderin if . . . maybe . . . His voice trailed off as he looked down again.
Chris shook his head and felt his lips curve up in a wry smile. Come with me, he said.
The men trailed behind as Chris led them off the beach, through the sawgrass, onto the parking lot, and toward the patch of woods that would take them to the church. When they got there, they exhibited the same hesitation about climbing into the bin as had Hornblossom. But when they were finished, it was obvious they did not subscribe to his thoughts on the importance of the way a man dressed. If anything, after they were done pushing and shoving and complaining and threatening each other and came out, they looked even more ridiculous than had . . . Chris almost caught himself before thinking what the heck. If the websites he had visited were to be believed, Hornblossom was indeed . . . the captain. 
~
From TrueTalesOfPirates.Com:
The scourge of the Caribbean and the terror of the southern seas, the Lady Grace menaced merchant ships bound to and from the ports of Jamaica, Hispaniola, and Cuba. Though it otherwise might have been lost to history, the ship gained a special kind of infamy for tales about the leadership of its captain, one Nathaniel Hornblossom. 
Though little is known of his background, his five-year reign of terror revealed he was a fair man, though many of those set adrift from the ships he seized maintained he was simply mad, fearlessly sailing through storms that sank dozens of larger vessels, seeking shelter on islands long feared to be bastions of cannibalism, and taking on ships five times his size through treachery and guile. Many of the more outlandish accounts of the sheer brazenness of his piracy have long since been discounted as legend.
~
Chris turned to leave once they all came out. Before he went too far, a voice stopped him. 
Beggin yer pardon, lad, but if I may have a moment . . .
Turning, Chris saw it was the rotund fellow who was doing the talking. 
We be new to these shores, the man went on, but believe a friend of ours may have already arrived. Man by the name a Hornblossom. You havent met anyone a that name in yer travels, have ya son?
Chris took a moment to pretend to think about it and then shook his head. The man opposite squinted his shifty eyes in disbelief.
Well . . . thank ya anyway, son. An if I might give ya a word of advice? Ya come across anyone a that name, stay far away. Ya wouldn wanna be getting yerself in the middle of things, ifn ya know what I mean.
Chris just shrugged and turned again, leaving the men to fend for themselves. He figured that was kind of their thing anyway.
~
From TrueTalesOfPirates.Com:
It is believed that his ship, the Lady Grace, was born the sloop Antioch in Boston circa 1711. A 50-ton merchant, it had been destined to spend its life trading sugar, molasses, and brandy between the English colonies throughout the Caribbean and North America. But legend has it on its maiden voyage, while still hundreds of miles from shore, the ship came upon and rescued a dozen men clinging to the loose timbers of a sunken ship. Before making port, the lightly armed vessel was seized by those same men, and the rightful crew of the Antioch set adrift. The Antioch herself was never seen again, but not long afterward, a vessel of unknown origin that bore a striking resemblance to the Antioch, the Lady Grace, began terrorizing merchant vessels. 
In a strange twist that is perhaps simply legend, there is a lone account that claims the captain of the Antioch literally crossed paths with the Lady Grace while on his voyage home to explain to his masters what had happened to his ship. The account states that when the two vessels passed, Hornblossom recognized the captain of the Antioch and smiled broadly, removing his hat and bowing deeply in what was described as a feminine manner. The account goes on to say that so flummoxed by this display was the Antiochs captain that he had to be locked in his chambers for the remainder of the voyage.
~
Chris wasnt at all surprised to see the green glow the next day, and the day after that, and the day after that. In twos and threes they returned, men of all shapes, sizes, and moods about where they found themselves. Some were curious, others just stunned. Chris himself was beyond all that now, beyond being stunned or surprised. When they approached him  and for some reason, they invariably did  he simply led them to the clothes bin, where the men went about arguing over the dwindling supply of pants and boots and shirts and sneakers. 
Chris was also beyond caring what any of them wore, and they themselves seemed happy just to be clothed. Only once did Chris offer an opinion on what one of them chose, telling him to take off the coolats and blouse and picking out for him a pair of white pants and a gingham shirt. He supposed he did it because the returned sailor was a boy about his own age, fourteen or fifteen, and Chris liked to think if he ever found himself in a similar situation, that someone of his own age might take similar care of him. The boy was also the only one whose name Chris asked. After thinking a moment, the boy answered, William . . . no. Billy is me name. What folks call me, anyway. Billy Grey.
Of course, Chris had no idea what was causing any of this, why and how pirat . . . sailors . . . of three-hundred years ago were turning up again. He didnt know what mechanism was at work to reanimate their skeletal remains and put flesh back on their bones. He surely had no idea what any of them wanted  except, that is, finding Hornblossom. To a man, they all seemed to want that. And every morning, when asked that question, Chris shook his head. Though what loyalty he owed the man or why he had chosen to protect him he had no idea. But when the returning groups asked, Have ya seen any . . . folks like us around? he did answer that, saying they were around somewhere. That always lifted their spirits. They typically left the bin in a hurry after that, on their way to God knows where, but excited now, as any sailor would be who finds themselves on a surprise shore leave.
~
From SwashbucklingTalesOfTheSea.Com:
In an exception to the generally successful crackdown on piracy that went on in the years that followed, the Lady Grace herself eluded all manner of capture. The last known sighting of her was off the southern Carolina coast in the year 1717, where the ship was reported to be heading north with all haste. Where she was headed or whatever became of her is unknown to this day, but her five-year reign of terror seemed at long last to come to an end.
~
It was a day Chris had long awaited, though it took some work to convince his mother her presence was not required. After looking a little disappointed, she smiled and tousled his hair and said something about him growing up too fast. Anyway, he managed to get free of her and went to the marina by himself. Len Doyle was one of the last of the Rumpsters still offering regular trips back and forth to the mainland, but all that would end next week with the coming of the barge. He was more than happy to take Chris over for free, and said hed keep an eye out for him to bring him back.
On the short trip across, Chris tried to remember the last time hed even been off the Rump. It mightve been last fall, the day he and his mother had a meeting at the high school with a counselor assigned to his case. The three of them went over the upcoming ninth grade curriculum, but after seeing Chriss scores on the standardized tests, the counselor said he was in good hands and whatever he was doing, keep it up. He remembered afterward, he and his mother stopped for lunch at a restaurant overlooking the water. It had been a good day.
Chris took in the approaching shoreline, where large and expensive homes overlooked the narrow channel between the mainland and the Rump. To the east soared dozens of masts from sailboats moored at a private marina. Beyond that was a commercial dock that served a number of businesses, including a lobster wholesaler and a lumberyard. Chris saw large stacks of lumber on pallets at the end of the dock, awaiting their voyage to who knew where.
When the bump of a large swell brought Chris out of his thoughts, he realized hed been unconsciously running his tongue along his teeth. Hed spent much of that morning just staring at himself open-mouthed in the mirror, trying to imagine what hed look like when they were gone. Theyd been on so long now, they seemed almost an organic part of him. He knew hed be looking at a different face in the mirror from now on, and as much as he wanted them off, he wasnt sure how he felt about that. It was hard enough to like the one you had. But he knew one thing for sure: for all the tongue dragging across his teeth hed been doing this morning, it was nothing compared to what hed do this afternoon once the damn braces finally came off. 
When they reached the other side, Len dropped him and three other passengers off at a small dock just off the main road. Chris walked the half-mile into town to Dr. Feldmans office. He was right on time for his eleven oclock appointment. After looking into his mouth and pretending they might have to stay on a few more years, the dentist went to work. He used a number of frightening instruments to remove the wire, then used a pair of specialized pliers to twist the brackets from each tooth. Closing his eyes, Chris prepared for the worst, but a little pressure was all he felt when each bracket was snapped off. 
After that, the dentist used a drill to grind off the glue that had held each bracket in place, and aside from loud noises and a foul smell, Chris made it through okay. Finally, after peering around a while inside Chriss mouth, the dentist handed Chris a toothbrush and said it was time for him to have his own looksee. Walking over to the sink, he opened his mouth and glanced in the mirror above. Just as he imagined would happen, he didnt recognize himself. He tried to smile naturally, but the best he could do was an odd sort of grimace. After running his tongue across his front teeth a few times, he put his head down and gave them all a good brushing. He figured hed get used to his new self, in time. When the dentist came back, he spent a few minutes more in Chriss mouth, fitting his retainer and telling him how to use it. After close to two hours in the dentists chair, he was finally free.
After leaving the dentist, he walked around town a while, glancing in shop windows before stopping to sit on a bench and people watch. When he felt ready, he walked across the street, to a shop with a sign out front reading Liberty Coin. The bell hanging from the door jingled as he walked into the narrow and musty shop. Once inside, he was surprised to see it really was as small as it seemed from the outside. Not much bigger or wider than the Internet closet back at the inn. Ancient wooden floors creaked as he walked up to the glass case that served as a counter. Behind the counter were other glass cases that Chris assumed perhaps contained some of the rarer items. 
On the wall opposite the counter stood an open office door, through which Chris heard creaking from what might have been a chair. Floor to ceiling bookshelves stood on either side of the door, containing dozens of thick volumes stacked in apparently random fashion. On shelves beneath the front glass counter, arranged in almost the same way Arthur Cobb had arranged his own treasures, were a variety of coins and bills, each with an informational card describing what it was and naming the year of its minting. Behind the glass, Chris saw Liberty half-dollars, uncirculated quarters, silver certificates, confederate bills, and all other manner of currency. Bending over, Chriss newly minted mouth opened wide to see on the bottom shelf an actual thousand dollar bill that, according to its card, was worth more than five times the denomination printed on the front. 
Help you find something son, a voice said.
Chris looked up to see a man behind the counter. He was round and mostly bald, except for some grayish brown hair sprouting monk-like from both sides of his head. His glasses hung from a string around his neck. His tie was loose, but mostly hidden behind a stained brown apron. The sleeves of his shirt were rolled up. He had his massive belly pressed against the glass as if it helped him from wobbling over. After a moment, Chris found his voice. 
Yeah, I wath wondering if youd ever theen thomething like thith before. 
He finished talking before he realized it was happening. Glancing up, he noted the man looked at him funny, but thought it was probably nothing compared to his own look of horror. He felt his face go red before trying again, slowly and carefully this time. 
Thomething . . . something . . . something . . . like . . . th-i-s.
That was better. Reaching into his pocket, he placed the coin on the counter. Deciding it best to leave the gold coins at home, Chris had brought just one of his two silver coins. As the man glanced at it, Chris found himself running his suddenly useless tongue across his front teeth, understanding then he would have to learn to talk all over again. 
The man lifted his glasses. My, my. What do we have here? he asked. Picking up the coin, he put it down again on a felt mat that had been off to one side. He then reached into a drawer for a magnifying glass and started to examine it more closely. 
Cob . . . Lima . . . 8 reale, he said.
The words meant nothing to Chris. After a moment, the man put down the magnifying glass and waddled over to the bookshelves. Putting his hands on his hips, he stared at them a while before bending down to take a thick volume off the bottom shelf. He carried it back to the counter, put it down, then opened it somewhere in the middle. Licking his thumbs, he began turning pages while glancing at the coin every now and then. 
From his side of the counter, Chris saw the book was filled with photographs of coins of all kinds. The man stopped on one page for a long while before nodding his head and picking up the coin. 
He turned the book so it faced Chris, then placed the dirty and worn coin down next to a photograph of a coin that was also worn, but burnished clean enough to read. It was the same coin. The man then moved the coin atop the photograph and Chris saw that except for the rough edges, it was a perfect match. A moment later, the man moved the coin away from the photo so Chris could get a clear vision of the coin beneath. 
Its an eight-reale coin, the man began. A Spanish dollar. What the English called a piece of eight. The irregular shape is because of the way they made it. Basically, they took a sheet of silver and used a die to hammer out circular pieces. Crude, but effective. Got the weight about right, anyway. Wasnt long after yours was minted they changed their method, making coins that were more uniform, rounder and thicker.
He paused to see if Chris was keeping up. After Chris raised his head and nodded, the man went on.
The front of the coin, thats called the obverse. See that cross with the castles and the lions? Thats the coat of arms of the Hapsburgs. That was the family of the kings of Spain. Now, if we flip it over . . . The man did that, then pointed to a photo showing a clean version. You can see the date 86 right here in the middle of your coin. Next to that is the L, which stands for Lima, in Peru. He paused to draw Chriss gaze, then asked, Whered you get this anyway? 
Chris was ready for that. Looking down, he answered, From my grandfather. He . . . he died recently. 
Ahh. Sorry to hear that, kid, the man said kindly. Hey, but you know what? Your grandfather must have liked you a whole lot.
Chris nodded before truly understanding what the man had said. 
What do you mean? he asked.
The man looked at the coin. Well . . . its hard to say, really. And of course, a lot depends on condition. This thing really needs a long bath in distilled water so we can see whats underneath. And, the market changes, fluctuates. But, the man said, pausing before going on. Id say  conservatively, now  that your granddad just paid the first year of your college education. 
He pointed to a spot in the book beneath the coins photo that had a range of values. Chriss eyes went wide at how much they were worth. The man went on. 
Given its condition, your coin is probably at the lower end of this. But still, that should cover the first year anyway, dont you think? Bet you wish you had three more!
Though dazed, Chris smiled and nodded. He didnt meet the mans eye for fear of giving something away as he thanked him for his time. He hoped the man hadnt noticed him shaking a little as he took the coin from the page. 
Before leaving, the man insisted Chris take his card, saying if he were ever interested in selling, hed be happy to help for a small cut. Chris turned his back and was almost out the door when the man shouted.
Hey! Whats your name, son?
He thought about bolting, but figured that would be suspicious. On the other hand, he wasnt prepared for that. Turning around, he smiled and answered, Umm . . . my name is . . . William. No, thats not right. Its Billy. Billy Grey. Least thats what my friends call me.
The man smiled cheerily and said, Okay, then. Billy it is!
While walking down to the dock and during his journey back across to the Rump, Chris unconsciously ran his tongue across his newfound teeth while thinking about what hed learned. The money was nice, though he didnt think he could really keep the coins. They probably belonged to the National Park Service or . . . somebody. Not him. Still, he couldnt help but wonder: if thats what the silver coins were worth, then what about the gold? Again, he put that out of his mind.
He had also learned that Arthur Cobb probably had used something called distilled water to clean up his treasures. Whatever that was, Chris figured it couldnt be too hard to find, or to make. 
Another expression the coin expert used had piqued Chriss interest, though he tried not to let it show. Of course, it was one hed heard before, on television and in movies, usually those that had a pirate theme. And now, he finally knew what it meant. 
Pieces of eight.
Chapter Eight
~
As had happened for a few weeks in the late spring, Chris awoke to the sound of scratching at the window above his bed. Half awake, he opened his eyes and took a long stretch before reaching up to raise the shade. There was more scratching followed by a loud thump just before a large head appeared. Chris smiled. Seeing the boy was awake, the dog stuck out his tongue and slobbered against the window. Moments later, another head appeared beside the dogs. It was Hornblossom. He gave Chris a wink and a half-smile before removing his hat and bowing his head. 
Jumping from his bed, Chris threw on his jeans before turning around and raising his index finger, hoping Hornblossom understood it meant wait a second. He then lowered two fingers and moved them in a walking motion before gesturing the captain he should go around to the front of the inn. Hornblossom tilted his head quizzically before knocking on the window again. 
Shaking his head, Chris walked to the window and opened it. The dog wagged its tail and put its snout to the screen. Chris feared it would bark. 
Beggin yer pardon, laddie, Hornblossom said, too loudly. 
Chris raised his finger to his lips and shushed him. 
Go around front and wait! he said. Ill be out in a minute. Lowering the window, he added, And . . . try not to be seen.
Hornblossom took a moment before nodding and standing up. Chris saw that from the waist down, it seemed he still wore the same getup hed selected the night he came to town. Still carried the walking stick too.
Chris tiptoed upstairs, pleased to see the kitchen was empty. A couple on their second honeymoon was due later this afternoon, but the inn had had no guests last night. After making himself a sandwich and an extra for Hornblossom, he headed down the hall and out the door.
When he walked off the porch, he turned his head left and right but saw no sign of Hornblossom. A short whistle from behind and to his right revealed the captain was in the alley beside the inn. Chris headed in that direction, nodding his head in greeting to the man and his dog. Hornblossom executed his bow while the dog ran up and licked Chriss hand.
Sorry to disturb yer sleep on this foin mornin, but I be in sore need of some information and advice, Hornblossom said.
Umm, sure, Chris replied. No problem. Remembering the man was wanted . . . at least by some . . . Chris got an idea. Come with me, he said.
He took them down the alley toward the beach, but instead of going right, the way to his usual breakfast spot, he took a left, and soon they were in the woods. After walking uphill a few hundred yards, Chris led them out of the woods to reveal they were on a high bluff overlooking a secluded and currently deserted patch of beach below. But Chris knew that in just a few weeks, daring local women in the know  and summer tourists who learned or had heard about it  would be lying here topless. He couldnt wait.
Lets sit here, he said, pointing to the rocks on the edge of the cliff.
Thank ya, laddie, Hornblossom replied. I confess me bones be unused to all the wanderin roun they been doin. But slowly and surely they be comin roun. I can feel it.
The two sat down. Chris opened his bag and took out two sandwiches. The dog immediately came over and sat beside him. Chris removed one of the ham slices hed set aside and threw it in the air. The dog leaped and snatched it, swallowing it in seconds. He did it once more before taking a sandwich for himself and handing one to Hornblossom.
Ah, thank you laddie, he said, taking it. Ya know, I be havin the first of these so called sandwiches just the other day. An though they be named after a family a fops and Royalists, they were also brave, seafarin men, so I wont begrudge them the honor.
Chris had no idea what he was talking about and didnt care to ask. Where have you been keeping yourself? he asked instead. Though hed seen some of the other men skulking around town now and then, he hadnt seen Hornblossom since that day at the wreck. 
Hornblossom took another bite of sandwich before answering. 
I be keepin me head down, gettin the lay of the land, he began. An a course, I been keepin an eye on me ship. Can help but notice somethin seems differen lately. Not as many people wanderin about. Turning to Chris, he asked, You wouldn know anythin bout that, would ya now laddie?
Chris did, but decided to say nothing for the moment. Instead, after thinking about it, he asked, Are you a pirate? He hoped the question wouldnt offend.
Hornblossom surprised him by smiling, then turning to Chris to say, We prefer the term . . . privateer.
When he turned away, Chris realized that was all the answer hed get, so he said, The rest of them are back too, you know. When that got no reaction, he added, And theyre looking for you. 
Hornblossom kept his stare fixed out to sea, but after a moment he nodded. Suren I hear they been roun town, he said. An I been told they been askin after me.
Something in what hed said surprised Chris. After a moment, he got it. Who told you? he asked. Hornblossom turned and smiled. 
Now, now laddie. Suren you know by now I can take care of meself. But I been spendin lots of time down at that bookstore a yers, catchin up on what I missed. Methinks young Sally behind the counter be sweet on me. Anyway, she told me one a them come roun doin some askin but she sent them on their way. An I met the loveliest man the other day, an artist a some sort . . . 
Chris smiled inside and waited for it. 
He fancies himself some kind of painter, Hornblossom went on. But like no painter I ever seen. He turned to Chris and asked, What do ya say bout a man who paints canvases black and sells em as art? Black canvases! I tell ya lad, if I lived in yer time, thats what Id become. An artist who sells black canvases. He looked thoughtful before finishing. But I will say this bout them, they do give off a ghostly shimmer when ya look at em in the right light.
Chris did smile at this, remembering his own reaction to the Black series Dale had painted. He could imagine the eccentric artist getting along just fine with the eccentric sailor. In fact, when he thought about all the characters on the Rump, he wondered if anyone had even noticed that a shipload of pirates had returned from the dead. 
Seeing Chris smile, Hornblossom smiled too and said, An if it not be too forward, lemme say yer new teeth be lookin foin, laddie. Didn wanna say anythin at the time, but that last set a yers lef a whole lot to be desired. Scary lookin things they were.
It took Chris a moment, but when he understood he just smiled again and said, Thank you. The two went quiet after that, until Chris asked another question. What do they want you for? He watched Hornblossoms eyes narrow. 
They be blamin me fer what happened, he answered. Theyre angry. An ta be fair, theyve every right ta be. I had no business doin what I did, makin some a them decisions on me own. Ahh, but if they only knew what we were after, the reason we come ta this place. More treasure than they ever dreamed of! Enough to last all of us an our families fer generations ta come. Alas, it wasnt meant ta be. 
He went quiet after that, staring out to sea. After another few moments, he went on. 
Anyway, they be wantin ta put me on trial before they hang me. Or maybe, theyll forego the trial an just hang me. An I canna say I blame them. Ifn I was in their shoes, Id do the same, or worse.
The silence lingered before Chris said, You were right, you know. Hornblossom turned to him questioningly. About the professor, Chris went on. About him coveting your ship. You were right. 
Course I was right, boy, Hornblossom said. But how you be knowin it now fer sure?
Actually . . . I dont know, Chris replied, choosing his words carefully. Not for sure, I mean. But what I think hes gonna do is take the ship away somehow. Put it in a museum. He was talking about how they did that to a couple of other ships, a Swedish ship called Vasa and another called the Mary Rose.
Hornblossom raised his eyebrows in surprise. They finally done it, then? Raised up Mary Rose?
Chris nodded, surprised at first, then realizing that perhaps the timing made sense. Hornblossom had no doubt heard about King Henry VIIIs favorite ship.
A foin ship that was, Hornblossom said wistfully. With a foin crew. Alas, the gunports were just too low.
Chris smiled, thinking Hornblossom had it just about right. The smile left his face when he realized the mans reaction to losing his own ship wasnt quite what he expected. 
So what are you going to do about it? he asked. About your ship, I mean? 
Surely a man who spent his days gazing at his ship as if that alone might resurrect it wasnt going to let it slip from his fingers. Hornblossoms answer surprised him.
Don matter now, laddie. Now that the restre back, I haven got a prayer. Theyll put me on trial and hang me. Or, theyll just hang me. But either way, laddie, I end up hung. An I canna say I don deserve it.
Frustrated by the mans surrender, the words left Chriss mouth before he could stop them. They dont hang people anymore, he said.
Hornblossom turned and smiled. No, I understan they dont. Down the bookstore, I be readin whatcha call em, them newspapers, tellin all bout what they do these days, how far civilization has come in me absence. I hear tell that nowadays, they shoot somethin in yer veins til ya canna breathe. Turning, he looked back out to sea. No. Not fer me. I think, given the choice, an all other things bein equal, Id rather be hung.
Chris couldnt argue with that. After the two went quiet a while, a rustling sound from behind made Chris turn his head. The dog must have heard it too, because he got up and began sniffing the edge of the woods. Whatever it was, it wasnt interesting enough for the dog to venture further. Hornblossom didnt appear to have any interest in it at all, but after a moment he grabbed his walking stick and stood up.
Well, laddie. I canna thank ya enough for both yer hospitality and yer company. An if our paths don cross again, it has been me pleasure gettin to know ya, young Christopher.
As he executed his bow, Chris asked, Where you been staying?
Hornblossom smiled. Fella named Giles been kind enough to put me up in a room over his drinkin establishment. Fer the price of a few coins an me washin some dishes, I get to eat an drink me fill. Though I must say, what passes for ale these days be sorely lacking. But I be workin on that too. An speakin a that, he said, reaching into his pocket to remove some coins. He held them out to Chris. These be fer yer time an yer trouble.
Chris stared at them and shook his head. 
I cant take them, he said. And you know, you really shouldnt use them around town. Its gonna . . . Chris struggled to find the words. You just shouldnt be using them, is all.
Hornblossom shrugged, before bending down to place the coins on the rocks beside Chris. 
Take these laddie. You earned em. You be insultin me if ya don. An a paltry sum it is fer yer kindness. But its the best I can do in me present circumstances. Anyway, there be plenty more where they came from.
Chris didnt have time to process that before Hornblossom added, An it seems they work as well as they ere did as legal tender. So in terms of not usin them, Im afraid it be too late fer that.
~
The man behind the desk heard the bells jingle as the front door opened, then the creak of tentative footsteps approach the front counter. He put down the uncirculated specie he had been examining and slowly got up from his chair, waddling the few steps from his desk through the office door. 
Smiling, he said, Help you with something? to the man at the counter. The customer wore his hair parted in the middle, slicked back with some kind of industrial strength gel. He looked so uncomfortable in his suit and tie that the proprietor of Liberty Coin took him for a blue-collar worker who had, for some reason, dressed up for the occasion.
When the man finally looked up to meet his gaze, he dropped the magazine hed been carrying tucked beneath his arm. Bending over, he picked it up, dropped it again, before finally succeeding in getting it off the floor. Having done that, he apparently thought it best to place it on the counter. The coin man looked down and saw it was a soap opera magazine.
Yes, I think you might be able to, Marcus said nervously, pulling a coin out of his pocket. Just wondering if this old thing has any value.
The coin man took it and placed it down on the velvet mat. His eyebrows went up. Hmm. This is a first. No, a second actually.
He looked up and smiled at the man across the counter, who was ashen-faced and sweating profusely. Ties probably too tight, he thought. 
Now, now, the coin dealer said. Just making a joke, is all. Thing is, youre the second person in two days brought me one of these. Unusual, is all. But Ill be happy to tell you all about it.
~
After Hornblossom left, Chris sat on the rocks and stared at the sea a while. The sun was getting higher. The day was warm. He took off his jacket and laid it by his side. When he did, he saw the two coins sitting there and picked them up. Though blackened like the others, he knew immediately these were gold. Looking more closely, he could just make out one of the Pillars of Hercules on one of them. He saw the L and an 88 on the other, revealing it was minted in Lima, Peru, in 1688.
Part of him wished he had gone ahead and asked the coin man if he could see the value of the gold coins too. He could have covered it up as simple curiosity. But he didnt think of it at the time and anyway, he again reminded himself, the coins werent his. But still. The more of them he acquired, the harder that was to believe. He now had seven of them. Shaking his head, he started to put the coins in his breast pocket and then heard a rustling sound from the trees behind him. Before he had a chance to turn around, his world went black.
~
No, you were right to tell me about it, Earle. You know anything unusual happens on the Rump, I wanna hear about it.
Lucas looked up from the strange coins someone tried to pass at McGarveys. You have any idea where they might have come from?
Earle looked thoughtful for a moment before he answered.
Had a busy day the other day. You know, first day of the barge and all. Lots of bikers come in to get new ink down the tattoo parlor. Also had a bunch of what looked like alternate lifestyle types come in that same afternoon, if you know what I mean.
Earle winked. Lucas nodded. Earle went on.
Though to be honest, I might just think that because of their accents. Sounded English, you know? But they were dressed funny too. Anyhow, them boys acted like they never had a hamburger in their lives. Got so excited about it I had to come over and ask them to keep it down. We were understaffed as it was and breaking in a new waitress, so all the tickets got messed up. Till mightve been a little short too at the end of the day, but at that point it was hard to tell. Again, its probably nothin, but we found these on one of the tables, and thought if someones trying to pass bad coin around town, you should probably know about it.
Lucas picked up the coins and put them in his pocket. 
Thanks, Earle. And youre right. Its probably nothing. But Ill look into it. And you keep your eyes open too, okay?
After Earle nodded, Lucas set aside his menu.
Anyhow, you know what? Think Ill just have the usual. And tell Dave its for me. He knows how I like it.
Earle nodded and smiled and took the order back to the kitchen.
~
Chris felt a cold clamminess around his eyes. 
Guess who! said a voice from behind. 
Chris arched his back and pulled away. While whipping himself around, he lost his balance and fell backward onto the dirt, looking up into the smiling face of . . . the Beast. She had arrived.
Dont ever do that again, he shouted. 
He realized immediately it had come out a whiny squeal. And he wasnt real proud of his clumsy fall from the rock either. He felt his face go red, looking away before picking himself off the ground. After wiping the dirt from his butt, he brought himself to his full height and stared across at the girl. 
She had covered her mouth with her hands, perhaps to squelch a giggle, Chris thought, and that only made him madder. But when she removed them and said, Im sorry! Honestly. I didnt mean it! he heard concern in her voice that made him feel bad he had assumed the worst. After a moment, he smiled and shook his head, remembering that was what this girl excelled at. Making him feel bad.
On the other hand, he thought, getting his first good look at her, shed changed quite a bit in the three years since hed seen her. Back when shed been twelve and hed been ten, she towered over him. He preened a little bit to see that he was now a full head taller than she. That ought to keep the fake hickeys at bay, he thought.
Its good to see you, she said. And again, Im sorry about that. Just thought it would be fun.
Its all right, he answered grudgingly. But seriously. Never again. Motioning to the rock Hornblossom had vacated, he said, Why dont you sit down? 
She smiled and moved toward it. Only then did he admit to himself hed secretly been curious how she turned out. And even he had to admit, not that shabby. She used to wear her black hair short and straight, in a kind of old-fashioned twenties-bob type thing. Now, it was long and untamed, falling well below her shoulders. Her baby fat was gone too, replaced by sharp angles and smooth curves in most of the right places. He set that thought aside and sat down himself.
You look good, she said. Really, I mean it.
He waved off the compliment, but she went on anyway. 
No, you do. I mean, we were both kids back then. But . . . you were a little chunky, remember.
He turned to stare at her, hoping to put some malevolence into it. But she was right. He figured hed lost the weight mostly by growing the past few years, but supposed his wandering around the Rump had also contributed. Looking down, he realized there was one sandwich left. He took it out of the bag and handed it to her.
Want a sandwich? he asked. 
She looked at the thing as if it were poison. Ugh. No, thank you, she answered. Im a vegetarian now. Do you have any idea how they treat the animals that go into that sandwich? Do you? 
It must have been a rhetorical question, because she didnt let him respond. 
Horribly. Cruelly. Thats how. And do you know there are allowable amounts of rat hair and feces in them? Feces! The USDA has an allowable amount of feces in your food! How do you feel about that?
While shed been talking, Chris was unwrapping the plastic wrap from the sandwich. In answer to her question, he took a big bite. After a couple of chews, he turned and said, Guess I like feces. He made sure she got a good look at his barely masticated and apparently feces laden breakfast. She made a face and turned away.
Im telling you, she went on. If you only knew what was in that, you wouldnt eat it. Well, Ive got all summer to convince you. Anyway, Im all organic now. Even my clothes. See this shirt, and these pants, and the sandals?
Chris looked at her getup and just shrugged. The shirt was green with some kind of designer peace sign on it. Her pants and sandals were brown.
Its hemp, she said. All made from hemp. Which should be legal, by the way. Did you know this country was built on hemp? That George Washington used to grow it? Do you have any idea how much fossil fuel we could save, let alone how much less insecticide wed have to use, how much less poison wed introduce into the environment, if the government would allow hemp to be grown and used?
Chris turned away while she continued her rant and stared out at the ocean. He swallowed down the last of his sandwich and wiped his mouth with his sleeve. When it appeared she was finished, he turned and saw she awaited an answer to her questions. What were they again? He didnt remember. And whatever they were, he didnt have an answer so he just shrugged.
See, thats what Im talking about, she said. Thats the way most people feel. But weve got to stop people from just . . . shrugging! And get them to understand. Do you know what I mean?
With some difficulty, Chris stopped himself from shrugging before remembering something. 
Hey, how long were you back there? he asked, remembering the noise hed heard from behind and the dogs tentative interest. He had to smile when she shrugged.
I just got here, she answered. You werent down the beach like usual, so I thought you might be up here. What are you smiling about?
But the question was already moot, because the smile had already left Chriss face. 
How did you know Id be down on the rocks, or . . . up here? he asked, not sure he wanted to hear the answer.
It was her turn to smile. What, you think I dont know where you go? What you do? All your secret places? I followed you around for a whole summer, remember? Did you know I used to have a crush on you? I can tell you that now. I really did. I wanted to marry you and everything.
What? Chris asked, unconsciously running his fingers along his once rubbed red raw neck. Well, you sure had a funny way of showing it. 
She smiled. He had to admit it was a nice one. He smiled back.
Hey, we were kids, she said. Thats what you do when youre a kid, I guess. And by the way, youre teeth look really good. Braces did the job.
He blushed and closed his mouth. When the two went quiet, Chris balled up the brown bag along with the napkin and plastic wrap and put them in his pocket. 
Well, I got to be getting home, he said. Got a couple of guests coming this afternoon.
Sarah got up, and the two walked into the woods and down the hill. Along the way, Chris turned his head every now and then listening closely, but Sarah was yammering on about something or other  a comet was due later in the summer that was supposed to light up the night sky  so he didnt hear much. When they came out of the woods, Chris walked Sarah home and said they would see each other again. But no more surprises, he said half-jokingly. She smiled and winked and waved goodbye.
~
But Chris didnt go home straight away. Walking up Sea Street, he wandered through the growing throngs of people on the sidewalk getting a head start on the Memorial Day holiday. It was just beginning, he knew. Come next weekend and all the way through September, the Rump would be mobbed. Even his familys bed and breakfast was seventy-percent booked for the summer. Things were looking up for everybody. 
He went down Beach Drive, past the Captains Cove, and smiled to think that name had never been more appropriate. Past that, he saw half a dozen motorcycles parked outside the tattoo parlor, and a van parked outside the T-shirt shop. Its rear doors were open, and a couple of college kids were carrying in merchandise. The town was awakening from its slumber, Chris thought. The man cleaning windows at the ice cream parlor saw Chris walk by and waved. Chris waved back, then walked through the boulders at the end of the road placed there so no cars drove onto the beach. 
Once past the rocks that dominated the upper third of the shoreline, Chris removed his sneakers and walked barefoot down to the water, dipping his toes in the steadily warming ocean. Glancing around, he figured that in another week or two, the beach would be full. For now, there were only a smattering of beach chairs and umbrellas spaced wide enough apart to give everyone privacy. Chris walked away from the water and onto the hard packed sand above, then began walking east. After a while, still carrying his shoes, he began jogging at a slow pace. He picked up the pace after a minute or so, and by the time hed gone about a quarter mile, approaching Nutmeg Cove and the wreck, he was in an all out sprint. 
He slowed as he approached the dune, and when he got there, he scurried up and over the other side. When he looked down at the wreck and saw nobody there, he felt a swirl of conflicting emotions. As much as he sometimes resented all of the prior activity, to him, the place now seemed almost forlorn. The small fence of earlier on had been replaced with an ugly ten-foot-tall chain-link thing that went all the way around the trench. Now, nobody could get anywhere near the thing. Not even him. 
But as he looked down upon it, for the first time he understood why the professor had compared it to the Mary Rose, that half ship theyd raised from the English Channel. Because this ship, the Lady Grace, was in far better shape than that one had been. He remembered Hornblossom saying it had good bones and realized now that it did. Much of the lower hull was still intact. Most all of the hull on the starboard side. Miraculous as it seemed, the ship had somehow survived all the years of salt and weather and worms, all those things Chris read about that were enemies to wood underwater. Yet, here it was.
Pulling himself from his reverie, he leaped over the dune onto the other side, crawling down low so he wouldnt be seen. He wasnt here on a sightseeing mission but had come to smoke out whoever was following him. Hed realized earlier with certainty that somebody was. It wasnt just that creepy vibe hed felt the last few days anytime he left the house, that feeling of being watched. It wasnt even the noise hed heard from behind while up on the bluff. 
It was when he and Sarah exited the woods after coming down the hill, when he heard someone slip and fall in the woods behind them. Hed heard the thud as the person fell and then the beginning of a quickly squelched epithet. Sarah had been going on about something  lobsters feeling pain, it might have been  but hed had all his attention focused behind him. And now, as he peered up and over the dune, Chris saw him come into the cove. He didnt exactly skulk, but turned his head left and right obviously on the lookout for his lost quarry. Seeing who it was, Chris stood up. 
What do you want? he asked. 
The boy started, then raised his head to look up. The two made eye contact for only a moment before the boy turned to run. 
Beneath his breath, Chris muttered, Oh no, you dont, and started after him. 
The boy had only gone a few yards before Chris leaped at his legs and brought him down. Probably still has his sea legs, Chris thought. And though the boy was taller, Chris had some leftover stockiness going for him. Crawling up the boys legs, he straddled his chest. When he looked down, he saw the boy had his arms raised in a defensive posture.
Don hit me! he pleaded.
Im not gonna hit ya, Chris said. When the boy continued wriggling, he added, Look at me! 
There was some half-hearted struggling, but moments later, Billy Grey looked up and saw Chris had his arms raised to show he meant no harm. 
See? Im not gonna hit you, he said. Just wanna talk, is all. Calm down. He waited for the boy to cease his struggles and catch his breath before rolling off him. 
Chris saw that Billy still wore the white pants and gingham shirt he had picked out for him. Now stained and dirty, Chris thought it might be time to either show them how to do laundry or simply get them more clothes. Then he smiled, thinking that perhaps laundry wasnt the most pressing issue on board a pirate vessel.
He figured he had gauged the boys age about right. Fifteen, certainly no older than sixteen. There were half-inch blond hairs sticking out of his narrow chin, and just the beginnings of pale sideburns springing out of his medium length blond hair. Chris waited for him to raise his head and look up.
What do you want? the boy asked miserably.
Dont worry, Chris replied. I wont hurt you. I just wanna ask a few questions.
No . . . the boy said, half turning as if about to crawl away again. Reaching out, Chris grabbed his ankle and the boy put up no further resistance. After a moment, he turned over and sat up on his elbows to stare across at Chris. 
What do you want to know? he asked.
Chris needed to think about that. He had a thousand questions. He decided to start at the beginning. 
Why are you following me? he asked.
The boy shrugged. 
They asked me to.
Who?
Sykes.
Chris thought back to the various men he had . . . shepherded back into this world. Which one was Sykes? he asked.
The short bald fella. Mean one, he is.
Chris remembered him. He was the one who had warned him to stay out of things that didnt concern him. 
Who is he? Chris asked.
Our pilot. Hadnt been with us long. We cashiered him off a merchant sloop off Nassau. Said he was familiar with the New England shore. Seemed eager to join us. Captain made him our pilot. Mistake, that was.
Why? Chris asked. 
The boy looked thoughtful before answering. 
Hard ta explain, really. Smooth talker, he is. Tried to make out like he was our prisoner, though we didnt treat him like one. Gave him the same rations as anyone else an the run of the ship. After a while, he started ingratiatin himself with the crew, questionin the captains skills and decisions.
Questioning? In what way? Chris asked.
The boy scrunched his face. Chris realized he was trying to remember something from three-hundred years ago. 
Whole things a bollocks, really. I mean to say, we was doin fine fer ourselves, takin ship after ship with hardly a shot fired. After a while, it seemed the Spaniards took one look at the Lady Grace before givin up. I always figured it was the captains reputation, ya know? Not engagin in unnecessary killin.
Chris nodded, remembering his reading from the web.
Anyway, wasnt long after Sykes come on board that the captain went ashore in Tortuga. All by himself, he was. Unusual that. But him bein the captain, nobody questioned it. Except Sykes, that is. Soon as the captain was gone, he busted out the brandy stores an we all had a foin night. It was then I firs remember him layin the groundwork.
For what? Chris asked.
Well . . . mutiny is what other folksd call it. But in our line a work, bein gentlemen of fortune, the captains elected by the crew. An it was becomin obvious that Sykes was pinin fer the job.
What happened in Tortuga? Chris asked.
The captain come back all in a mood, an he wasnt happy to see his crew half-drunk neither. Made us set sail that same evenin. At first, we thought it was jes punishment fer our condition, but it become obvious after a while that the captain be scared of somethin. Told Sykes to set a northerly course, an that was all hed say.
What happened next? Chris asked. 
The boy shuddered. Thats when the weather hit. Very next mornin, somewheres off the Carolinas. Rain like a waterfall, an hail the size of fists. A wind ta flay the flesh off yer bones, an a boomin thunder like God himself was poundin on a drum. But as always, the captain acted as if it were nothin unusual. In fact, he kep drivin the ship harder an harder. It was almost like . . .
Billy paused a moment. 
What? Chris asked.
The boys eyes reflected his search for the right words. Well . . . it was almost like he was runnin from the devil himself.
Chris waited for the faraway look to recede before asking, Then what happened?
Weather let up some the afternoon of the next day, an we saw sail after sail of fat merchant ships jes ripe fer the taking. But the captain said no, kep insisting we stay bound for the north. There was some grumblin, but our hold was already half-full of Spanish gold and pieces-of-eight. But half-full arent enough fer some. It wasnt fer Sykes. First, I see him whisperin to the quartermaster. Then, I see the quartermaster speakin to the cooper, then the cooper to the carpenter. An on it went.
Then what happened? Chris asked.
Seems the men decided it was time fer a new captain. Sykes promised em all a larger share, said it was time fer the Lady Grace to become the scourge of the southern seas. He said . . .
What? Chris asked.
The boy lowered his head. He said it was time for the Lady to be less of a lady . . . said it be time to start spillin some blood.
The two went quiet for a while after that.
What about you? Chris asked. What did you think about all this? 
The boy smiled. Oh, they not be askin my opinion of things, owin to me lowly station an all. An powder boy be about the lowest station there is. That, an I only been on board the ship fer half a year.
Chris still had a thousand questions, but asked the one that might tie things up. How did you end up here? he asked.
The boy looked pained once again.
The weather started kickin up agin south of Rhode Island, an as wicked as them earlier storms were, this one be a hunred times worse. Worst seas I ere encountered. Course by then, the crew had taken the ship an Sykes was the new captain.
Chris was shocked by this revelation. For some reason, Hornblossom hadnt mentioned it. The boy continued.
The crew wanted to hang the old captain. Sykes jes wanted to run him through. But the captain was smart, invokin the privilege of council. Said he had at least earned the right to be heard. Course, Sykes wanted to slit his throat right then, but the res of the crew been with Hornblossom a long time. Thought they owed him that much. By then, the wind an rain had kicked up again, so they locked Hornblossom in irons belowdecks until the time was right. But so much fer Sykes knowin the New England coast. Run us onto a sandbar, knockin a hole in the hull. I was on deck at the time. Knocked me on my bottom, it did. Then, I remember hearin this great noise, an lookin up to see the mainmast tearin away right above me. An then . . . The boys eyes glazed over. 
Chris had heard enough. 
Thats alright, he said gently. 
If the last thing the boy remembered was looking up and seeing the mainmast come falling toward him, Chris suspected that was all the boy would ever remember about that evening. He shook that vision from his mind. 
Were you following me this morning?
Suren I was. Me an Fletcher, I mean. Hes the quartermaster. We been following you for three days.
Why? Chris asked.
The boy looked away. I said enough, he replied.
William . . . Billy, I mean. Its important. Why?
He seemed to mull it over before answering. Suppose theres no harm in tellin ya now. We was followin you to find the captain.
Chriss stomach lurched. And? he asked.
Billy thought about it a moment before looking Chris straight in the eye. Well, we found him now, didnt we? He looked away before saying his next words. In fact, I expect by now, hes already been hung.
Chapter Nine
~
Chris sprinted across the sand toward Beach Drive and the Captains Cove. As he went through the boulders, he looked up and saw Sarah Bickerstaff walking down the street toward him. Her face broke into a smile.
Hey, stranger! Wheres the fire? she asked.
This was all he needed. Cant talk, he said, blowing past her toward the Cove.
Throwing open the front door, he saw a couple of tough-looking bikers playing pool in the corner. They turned toward him for only a moment before deeming him no threat and returning to their game. There were just two men sitting at the bar, the fishermen Clem Johnson and Perry Winslow. Clem was watching bowling on television while Perry was busy with a scratch ticket. Chris ran toward Marcus, who stood at the end of the bar staring down at something.
Where are they? Chris asked.
Marcus tore his eyes away from something and looked up. Chris glanced down and saw what Marcus had been staring at. Two stacks of familiar looking coins. Who? Marcus asked. 
Chris knew then he was miles away. Moments later, he heard the door open and turned to see Sarah come in. Directly on her heels and plowing into her back came an out-of-breath Billy. After untangling herself, she said, Chris? Whats going on?
Turning back to Marcus, Chris saw he had once again turned to gaze in wonder at his pile of booty. It was a look Chris was getting used to. He further suspected that some of what was on that bar was ill gotten, payment for turning a blind eye to what was currently going on upstairs, and for who knew what else. 
Deciding not to wait, Chris turned and headed toward the rear staircase that led up to the rooms. He ran down the short hallway, past the mens and ladies room, and started up the stairs. Halfway up, he heard the sound of mens voices speaking in a hushed grumble. Then he heard one of them say, An may God have mercy on your soul. 
He sprinted down the short hallway and threw open the door.
It was a common room of some sort, with a high ceiling and exposed beams. Worn couches and old chairs were strewn around without any apparent thought or design. An ancient and cracked nineteen-inch television sat on a low table across the room. There were tables scattered here and there covered with empty beer bottles. The room was filled with people. Chris saw they were all here, the crew of the Lady Grace. And all of them had turned their heads to stare at him.
He was surprised to see so many of them. Seventeen or eighteen, at least. Maybe twenty. Hed personally only shepherded a dozen or so out of the sand, or the water, or wherever the hell it was they had all come from. A few must have had to fend for themselves, or more likely, the others had helped them make the transition.
However it had happened, most looked as if they still wore clothes from the donation bin. But it also appeared as though some had gone back and chosen something more . . . appropriate. To Chris, their outfits now looked less ridiculous somehow. More threatening. Of course, they could all be wearing clown noses and floppy shoes and what was going on in this room would still look threatening.
The captain was standing on a wooden chair in the center of the room, surrounded by his formerly loyal crew. His hands were bound behind his back. Sykes was the only other man standing. He had turned around when Chris entered the room. His leg was still lifted, frozen in that moment of time just before he was about to kick the chair out from beneath the captains legs. One end of the noose was tied securely around a beam about ten feet off the ground. Its other was tied around the captains neck.
After another moment of staring, the bald pirates eyes narrowed with recognition, and his face broke into a hateful grin. He hadnt believed Chris that morning when he said he hadnt seen anyone named Hornblossom, and no doubt knew now it was Chris himself who led them to the captain. He turned again and raised his leg with relish.
Chris looked up into the face of the captain, who just stared stoically ahead. No blindfold for him, Chris saw. He was going out on his own terms. Chris closed his eyes, unable to bring himself to watch. As he did, he realized there was something that didnt make sense. Something important. And whatever it was, it was right now on the tip of his tongue . . .
Point of order, Mr. Sykes, came a voice from behind.
That same moment, Chris felt two bumps from behind. The first was pillowlike and not altogether unpleasant. But the second was harsher, pushing him off to the side. Turning, he saw the first bump belonged to Sarah, and the second obviously belonged to Billy Grey, who had pushed them both aside. Only then did Chris realize it was Billy who had spoken.
Chris turned to look to the pirates, who had their heads turned in his direction. But the looks on their faces had changed. Glancing at Sykes, Chris saw he too had turned, and was now looking in his direction with what could only be described as a leer. The same moment Chris realized thats exactly what it was, the catcalls and hooting began. The crew had taken notice of Sarah.
Chris turned to look at her. She seemed a little confused, but undaunted. The two made eye contact, and as the hooting and catcalls and loud conversation reached a crescendo, Chris watched her roll her eyes and step forward into the room.
Her bold move hushed the men for a moment. Chris noticed that even Sykes had leaned forward, curious what was coming next. Sadly, Chris looked up and saw the captain had taken no interest in what was going on. He continued to gaze off in the distance, waiting for his inevitable dispatch back to wherever it was hed been a mere month ago. Wherever it was hed spent the last three-hundred years.
Chris turned and saw Sarah gazing around the room. Her head was high as she attempted to catch each mans eyes, and each time she did, the man looked down and stopped his cackling. Before she was through, the hooting had stopped, and most all the men were staring blankly at the floor. All except Sykes, that is, who continued his leer.
Point of order, Mr. Sykes, Billy repeated, walking between the chairs to stand at the center of the room.
Chris almost smiled to see Sykes leg was still uplifted. Thing must be getting awfully tired, he thought.
What be you wantin? Sykes asked with venom, staring him down. 
Billy seemed to wilt from the mans gaze, making Chris recall how easily hed been subdued on the beach. Then, Billy surprised him.
I aint yet heard the evidence, Billy said with authority. Im as much a parta this crew as any of ya, an I declare it me right to be a parta this council.
Chris had no idea what the kid had up his sleeve, but admired him anyway for showing some backbone. So it surprised him to see Sykes smile. Not an angry smile, but a sincere one.
Well then, me boy, Sykes began. Yer in luck. An yer right, of course. It would be imprudent a me as yer new captain to not include the entire ships company in this council.
A grumble of agreement rose and fell from the assembled crew. Sykes went on.
An as ye rightly point out, yer as much a parta the ships company as anyone. Therefore, he said, again raising his leg to kick the chair from beneath the captains legs, Youll be happy ta know that the captain  scuse me, the former captain  has decided not ta present any evidence. This council is over, me boy. An punishment has been decided.
Chris saw a muscle in Sykes leg move. Wait! he shouted. I mean . . . point of order!
Heads turned in his direction. Even Sykes turned to throw a malevolent glare his way.
Ye aint a parta this crew, boy, he said. Whatever ya got ta say has no bearin on the council.
Staring straight at Sykes, Chris went ahead anyway.
Does your code of conduct say youre to obey the captains orders without question during pursuit of a prize?
Chris was just winging it, remembering something about a pirate Code of Conduct from his web searches the other night. Still, it seemed to hit a nerve. He watched the men slowly turn to each other. Even Sykes eyes narrowed. 
Chris asked it again. Does your code of conduct say youre to obey the captains orders without question during pursuit of a prize?
Billy turned to look at one of the men in the front row.
Fletcher? he asked. Mr. Quartermaster? The way he asked the question made Chris believe Billy already knew the answer.
Looking chastened, the man named Fletcher stood slowly and crossed his massive arms. A grim sort, Chris thought, and probably not a man you should cross. After a moment, he spoke. 
Aye, tis true. Mos fundamental law of the ship. Captains in total command when in pursuit of a prize. But . . .
Chris watched the quartermaster seek the right words for what was obvious to all. Sykes beat him to it. 
We weren after a prize, boy. We was on a wild goose chase to God knows where, sailin under the command of a captain with no regard fer the life an property of his crew.
Looking up, Chris saw the captain still had that faraway look in his eyes, seemingly oblivious to what was going on around him. So, with nothing but his own assumptions to work with, he plowed ahead anyway. 
Captain Hornblossom. You were in pursuit of a prize on that voyage, werent you?
The assembled crew all turned to stare at the captain. Chris thought he might have seen a slight twitch beneath the captains right eye. 
Captain? he asked again. Tell the men. Tell them what prize you were after on that trip. They deserve that much. When the man continued his silence, Chris added, Dont they have a right to know why they died?
The captains silence lingered for what seemed like forever. Even Sykes seemed to wait patiently for the captain to return from wherever hed gone. But when it became apparent that wasnt going to happen, he raised his leg again. Chris turned away.
We was chasing Black Sam, a soft voice said. 
Looking up, Chris saw the captain maintained his faraway look, but there was no doubt it was he who had spoken. 
Hushed murmurs broke out here and there. 
Go on, Chris said. 
Sykes heard the murmurs too. Its all lies, he said. An long pas time fer this one ta be on his way. He raised his leg again.
Wait! someone shouted. It was Billy. Most every head turned in his direction. All but Sykes, that is. 
I wouldn do that ifn I were you, Billy told Sykes, before turning to address his shipmates. It seems the captain has changed his mind and decided to pervide evidence. An I fer one wish to hear it. 
Walking to his right, he took a chair directly beneath the captain. Then, he looked up, crossed his arms, and waited.
Murmurs broke out again. Chris saw the quartermaster, the man named Fletcher, consult with a man to his right before standing up to give his own judgment. 
Captain wishes to pervide evidence, then evidence shall be heard, he said in a voice that brooked no discontent. 
The murmurs settled down. Chris saw that even Sykes knew hed missed his moment, at least for now. His leg slowly descended to the floor. Putting his head down, he skulked off, choosing a seat off to the side.
Chris closed his eyes and let out a long breath. His legs were shaking. He thought for a moment he might faint from the tension. With his eyes still closed, he felt a soft hand on his shoulder. Turning, he opened his eyes and saw Sarah smiling at him. She motioned her head to the right, where Chris saw two empty chairs against the wall. Taking his hand in hers, she walked them over and the two sat down. 
The shaking in Chriss legs subsided, but his heart still raced. He refused to believe it had anything to do with the soft hand in his. It seemed too as if they held hands far longer than necessary, but after only another moment, Sarah took her hand away. Leaning forward, Chris put his head between his legs to let the nausea pass. While bent over, he felt a gentle tapping on his back, like the wings of an angel beating softly. Feeling better, he sat up slowly and then sat back to await whatever was to come. 
Moments later, he felt soft breath near his ear. Sarah. 
Ive heard of these, but never done one, she whispered.
Chris turned. When their eyes met, she went on. 
Its community theater, right? Improv of some sort? One of those audience participation murder mystery things.
Chris had no idea what she was talking about, but nodded anyway. Sarah went on. 
These guys are supposed to be pirates, right? she asked.
Chris smiled, and after a moment, he answered. 
They prefer to be called . . . privateers, he said.
She stared at him, puzzled, thinking she might also have heard a strange lilt in his voice. 
Still smiling, Chris patted her knee before turning once again to focus on what was going on in the room. And it looked now as if the captain was about to speak.
~
Id heard from me sources in Tortuga that Black Sam had captured the Whydah. It was my plan that we take her.
Chris glanced around and saw disbelief on the mens faces. Even Billys mouth dropped open. Sykes looked up. 
Im tellin ya its all lies, he muttered. The Whydah? With a hunred an fifty men an thirty guns? Agin our ten cannon?
Fletcher again consulted the man seated beside him. Mister Sykes does have a poin, Captain, he said. It does sound a little . . . far fetched, ya ask me.
Hornblossom smiled. Exactly why, Mister Fletcher, I told nobody. Not even you. An fer that, an only that, I do apologize.
Fletcher nodded his acknowledgment of the captains apology. Hornblossom continued. 
But there be nothin far fetched about the five tons of silver an gold stashed in the Whydahs hold. There be nothin far fetched about Black Sam takin fifty ships in jes one year, an all a his booty bein on that ship. Id heard from me sources that this was to be Black Sams final voyage, an I thought it only appropriate that you men now assembled, the foin crew of the Lady Grace, be the ones to dissever him a that plan.
Beggin yer pardon, Captain, a man in back asked. But exactly how was our small company going to take on a ship a that size? In fact, how do we even know Black Sam was headed here?
Chris saw something in the captains eyes that betrayed his struggle to answer that one. 
Doesnt matter, Chris interjected quickly. Captain was giving chase. You all swore an oath that during chase he was to be obeyed without objection. The captain broke the code by not telling you and has apologized for it. But you broke the code worse by . . . 
He didnt want to use the word mutiny thinking it would only add flame to the fire. You all broke the code too, he said instead. Looks to me like its a wash.
Sykes leaped to his feet. Its LIES Im tellin ya! he shouted. All this hooey about Black Sam an the Whydah. There aint an ounce of truth in it! He again moved too close to the captains chair for Chriss comfort.
There is, Chris said quietly, but with authority. Its true. Everybody knows about it. The Whydah went down in a storm on April twenty-sixth in seventeen-seventeen. Not far from here, in fact. Taking a moment to catch Sykes eye, he added, It was pilot error. 
He let that comment stand a moment, pleased to see Sykes look down before going on. 
They ran onto a sandbar in seventy mile an hour winds and thirty foot waves. Pausing, he looked down before adding softly, Over a hundred corpses washed up on the beach the next day. Only two of their crew survived. Looking up, he glanced around the room before concluding. It was the same storm that sank the Lady Grace.
The men went silent a while. Many looked down, perhaps pondering the fate of the Whydah, perhaps remembering that they shared the same fate. 
Except they hadnt, Chris thought. They had all come back. Chris had yet to figure that one out.
After their silent contemplation, quiet talking broke out among the men. Before long, it got louder, sometimes interrupted by shouts or curses as one man tried to convince another. Chris saw that Fletcher had got up to walk among the crew and solicit their thoughts. Sykes had sat down again. He had his arms crossed and his eyes closed. There was no need to consult him. His opinion was known. 
What are they doing? Sarah whispered in Chriss ear.
I guess its kind of like jury deliberations, he answered quietly, motioning to the still noose-bound captain. Theyre deciding his fate.
Ooh. Exciting, Sarah said. By the way, you did really good! Im surprised there arent more people, though. But I guess thats another sign of the times. Arts and community theater always get the short shrift.
Chris nodded his agreement. To what, he had no clue. 
Anyway, it looked like the deliberations were almost over. Chris had noticed Billy walking around the room toward the end, speaking to some of the men, nodding or shaking his head. Exhorting them. Doing his best for the captain. 
As Chris sat and waited, he thought it had been an interesting exercise and was pleased hed done some homework. His two New England shipwreck books had both mentioned the Whydah prominently. It had indeed gone down off Wellfleet in seventeen-seventeen with the loss of all but two of its crew. Like Hornblossom, Black Sam had been a young man, not yet thirty. In his one year of pirating, hed taken fifty ships before finally, the ultimate prize: the massive, 300-ton Whydah.
Chris was pleased too hed spent time reading about the pirates, Captain Kidd and Captain Morgan and Black Sam. Hed been surprised at the time how democratic the pirates really were, that they really did elect the captain and he served at the pleasure of the crew. However, he was to be obeyed without question during a chase, and that was no doubt what the men were discussing now. As he glanced around the room, seeing again the black man and the Indian, as involved in the discussions as anybody else, something else occurred to him.
Before this school semester had begun, his counselor had gone on and on about the importance of diversity. He said it was especially important for home-schooled students like Chris, who were typically not as exposed to other peoples and cultures as other kids. Part of his final project for this school year was to write an essay on diversity. But being here now, in this room, looking at the makeup of the crew, he realized there was at least one subculture  violent, bloody, and treacherous, to be sure  but one subculture that understood the importance of diversity a long time ago. He decided then and there to make that the topic of his essay, as Fletcher stood to address the crew. 
Raising his arms to quiet the men, he said, Ifn I may have your attention please. Gentlemen, please.
The men ceased their hushed whisperings and turned their attention to the quartermaster. Above the mans right shoulder, Chris saw that Hornblossom stood erect and proud. Staring straight ahead, hed apparently resigned himself to whatever his fate would be. At that moment, Chris felt a hand take hold of and squeeze his knee. Sarah. Turning to her, he saw she wasnt looking at him, but staring across the room toward something else. Chris turned toward it, and saw she might have been looking at any of a hundred things. Or, she might have been looking at Billy.
Its been my privilege to serve with the captain fer goin on three years now, Fletcher began. Im proud ta say that I was one a the men clingin to a barrel the day we was plucked from the sea by a ship called the Antioch. An Im proud ta say I been servin on the Lady Grace in all the time she been known by that name, a name the captain gave her after his own mother, a name that  until her final day  brung us all nothin but luck.
He paused a moment to glance around the room before going on. 
An in all a that time, he has proved hisself to be an able sailor an a foin leader. Now, that dont excuse his lapsa judgment in terms of not keepin us apprised of our destination. An as yer quartermaster, the man charged with keepin discipline on board ship an meting out punishments, no man has more right than me to feel disused on that account. An yet . . . on the other hand . . .
He turned to look up at the captain.
Id first point out to the captain that it was not a unanimous decision, should he ever get it into his mind to do somethin like tha agin. But it be the judgment of your quartermaster an the majority of the crew . . .
Chris felt the blood flow in his leg stop as Sarah squeezed even harder.
. . . that ye shall live, an ye shall remain our captain.
Raucous cheering and applause broke out among the men. They stood and clapped each other on the back. Chris felt the blood begin to flow in his leg as Sarah removed her hand. Turning to her, he saw she too had stood up and was applauding as loudly as the men.
Moments later, Chris saw three men appear at the door to the room: Marcus Giles and two bikers still bearing their cue sticks, coming up to see what all the commotion was about. Turning, Chris saw the captain had been relieved of his noose and been lifted off the floor onto the shoulders of his crew. He was waving and smiling to them all when he caught sight of Marcus.
Innkeeper! he shouted. Ale fer the men! All ye can spare.
Another shouted cry came up from the assembly. Chris watched Marcus turn and hustle the pool players out of the room, his vision no doubt clouded by the certainty of more gold coins to pay for the ale. 
Moments later, while still carrying their restored captain on their shoulders, the men broke into song:
Ive got a coat and a nobby, nobby coat
Ive got a coat a-seen a lot of rough weather
That was quite a performance, Sarah shouted in his ear. She was still applauding wildly, but he noted she wasnt looking at him. 
He followed her gaze across the room and saw once again that she just might have been keeping her eye on Billy. He wasnt at all sure how he felt about that.
Yes, it was, Chris said, almost to himself.
Because he knew the hornswoggle that Hornblossom had just sold his crew had been quite a performance indeed. But their singing went on.
For the sides are near wore out and the back is flying about
And the linings looking out for better weather.
~
It had already been a long day. 
Chris returned home after the captains acquittal to help his mother around the inn. He dusted the front room, vacuumed the stairway, and set out cheese and crackers for the afternoon social. All the rooms but one were filled this evening. Most guests would be going to dinner at one of the restaurants in town, or to the homes of those they were here to visit. But the inn always served wine and cheese in the front room on the weekends between three and four. 
Today, between the guests and his mothers friends who always showed up, there were fourteen people mingling and enjoying the refreshments. Predictably, some of the older guests came down from their rooms dressed in their best suits, smelling of cologne and perfume and making an event of it. Chris was happy to see his mother enjoying a glass of wine while chatting with a guest. While hed been freshening somebodys glass, she sent a smile and a wink his way before going back to looking enthralled at one senior citizens tall tale.
Things quieted down when the social hour was over, guests either going out to sit on the front porch or going back to their rooms. Chris cleaned up the glasses and put the cheese away before taking a shower and changing his clothes. But the sun was still high late in the afternoon, so he left the inn and headed down to the beach. 
There were a few couples walking hand in hand, and some other lone folks trying to keep up with their frisky dogs. Otherwise, the beach was deserted. Walking down to the water, Chris then began strolling west along the shore. Hed had no conscious intention of heading toward Nutmeg Cove or the wreck, but that was where he ended up as if drawn there inexorably. He peeked around the dune first to see if anyone was there, but saw nobody.
He walked toward the ugly fence and stared beyond it, toward the trench and the almost fully excavated wreck. Placing his fingers on the chain link, Chris shook it a few times and felt it barely move. Glancing up at its ten-foot height, he realized he could probably climb it  there were no barbs awaiting at the top  but figured why bother? And that was the point of the fence, he knew. 
Staring back down at the ship, it was easy to imagine what she might have looked like in her day. Having seen pictures of Vasa, and especially the almost pristine Mary Rose, Chris now fully understood the professors excitement. These were indeed good bones. In the right hands, they would make someone a fortune. If the Vasa was Swedens number one tourist attraction, how many people would line up to see the Lady Grace? He remembered from his reading that the Whydah was the only verified pirate wreck ever found, and all they got out of that was a fortune in coins and artifacts. But here was an entire ship.
That was another curious thing. It had been weeks since Arthur Cobb determined the identity of the ship. He had no doubt used it to sell his scheme  whatever that was  to the university. Cobb had also said that if they werent interested, others were lining up. But where were the news stories? Where was the media? If Chris had learned anything, it was that recovery efforts like those done on Vasa and the Mary Rose were huge stories. Yet here sat forlornly the remains of one of the most famous pirate vessels ever afloat. Of course, the last hed read it was simply, the remains of an old schooner . . . or a dumpy barge used to cart coal back at the turn of the century . . . we may never know her real identity. All of those quotes were from the same person. Arthur Cobb. Chris knew then for sure there was more going on here than . . .
Shes a beautiful ship, isnt she laddie?
Chris jumped at the voice in his ear. Turning quickly, he saw standing next to him was the captain himself. 
Dont do that! he said, remembering it was the second time today someone had sneaked up on him. 
Hornblossom looked hurt. Been standin here withya fer five minutes, boy. Felt sure ya detected me presence by now.
Chris rolled his eyes, but couldnt help smiling. He supposed he had been lost in thought. Sorry, he said. Just a little jumpy I guess after . . . well, you know.
It was the captains turn to smile. 
Laddie, on that subject, I canna thank ye enough fer the foin lawyerin ye provided. Jes between you an me, I thought I was a goner fer sure.
Chris watched the captain reach up and unconsciously stroke his neck, thinking that was something Hornblossom would probably be doing for a very long time to come. 
But remembering the trial of this morning brought something else to Chriss mind. He turned away from the captain and said, You didnt do too bad yourself. In fact, I think I was the only one who knew you were lying your ass off. He waited for a reaction but got none. 
After a thoughtful moment, the captain said, Whats say you and me take a walk laddie. Do a body good.
He removed his walking stick from the sand, and the two turned and walked past the dune onto the beach. Wheres your dog? Chris asked. 
The captain smiled. Mangy mutt disappears on me now an then. Guess hes got the wanderlus too. Jes like his master. That or he be with the crew. They spoil him somethin awful.
After the two had walked a bit, the captain spoke again.
Saw yer perfesser down here earlier. He come down here with three other men. I canna help but overhear them talkin. 
Chris remained silent, knowing the rest would come. His patience paid off. The captain went on.
This sirrah of yers, he said. He plans on takin me ship. Don know quite how hes gonna do it. Maybe take it apart an put it on one of yer larger wheeled beasties. Or maybe put the whole thing on a huge beastie. But he plans on takin me ship. 
The captain stopped walking and stared straight at Chris. 
An I canna let that happen, boy. Now, I know hes a frienda yers, an a scholar but . . . 
He grabbed Chriss eyes with his own and wouldnt let them go. 
I canna let that happen. You know I canna let that happen.
Chris knew there was a deadly threat contained in those words, and realized then how easy it was to forget just who these men were, and how they had lived their lives. Even setting aside Hornblossoms reputation for mercy, Chris knew he meant every word. The professor was now in serious danger. 
Chris tore his eyes away and looked down. After a moment, when the two started walking again, Chris asked the only question he had. 
What really happened in Tortuga? 
The captain stopped to look down at a piece of green sea glass, picking it up to stare at it a while before holding it out for Chris to see. 
Pretty thing, isnt it? he asked, before putting it in his pocket.
Chris nodded and the two started walking again. After a while, the captain spoke.
Now, lad. In order to answer that question, ye first need to understand there are things in this world that are a mystery, an that shall forever remain a mystery. But that don make em any less real. Ye foller me so far?
After thinking about it for a moment, Chris nodded. If pirates could return after three-hundred years, then yes, he thought. Anything was possible.
Good, laddie. Yer a smart one, you are. Anyway, all ye need to know about what went on in Tortuga is that we was cursed.
Chris turned to look at the captain and saw he wasnt joking. 
Cursed? he asked. Cursed how?
Strangely, the captain smiled. Doesn matter how laddie. Or why. But I will say this: It be me own fault. I shoulda seen it coming. But lemme offer ya some words of advice: Be careful whose heart ye break, an be careful she doesn have the power of bewitchment. Most important, whatever ye do, stay away from the damned Tarot. That be me downfall. Fallin fer a lassie who consorted with the Tarot. But still . . . 
The captain went quiet. Chris looked up and saw he had a puzzled look on his face. What is it? he asked. 
Hornblossom shook his head. It jes makes no sense, is all, he said. Now, I understan everything that befell me durin that accursed voyage was ordained: losin command, the weather, even the shoals. She even foresaw me bein cast in irons. But the way I recollect it, the spell that she cast was irrevocable. There was no way we was ever comin back from that. An yet . . . here we are.
Chris smiled. Here you are, he said. After the two had gone a few more steps, he asked, Do you remember it?
The captain blanched, but after a moment nodded his head. 
Aye, I do. Every word, though it chills me now ta even think of it. It went: 
On a moonless night
when chaos is unleashed
and the black cat is summoned 
to face the fresh fire and 
raging inferno of a 
massive attack 
then and only then shall 
ye be released 
from the depths. 
The captain went quiet for a long time before saying, Sends a shiver down me spine just to utter those accursed words.
Though it took a moment, Chris felt the blood drain from his face. He stopped walking and bent over, putting his hands on his knees. The captain stopped too, looking back to stare with curiosity. Chris was thinking about what the captain had just said. He knew there was something to those words. And then it came to him: Chaos. Black Cat. Raging Inferno. Massive Attack. 
Those were the names of the fireworks hed used to drive the looters from the wreck on that moonless night. Those were the names on the colorful packaging Dale Duesenberg brought back with him from down south. Chris realized then it was all on him, that it was he who had unwittingly summoned the pirates from their slumber. 
What ye be thinkin about laddie? the captain asked.
After a moment, Chris felt his stomach settle and stood. When the captain caught his eye, he looked away guiltily. Yet there was no reason in the world to share that with the captain. What was done was done. 
Nothing, he answered. Im fine. Lets go.
The two continued their walk in silence. Reaching the public beach, Chris saw that most of the late afternoon crowd was gone. Only one or two umbrellas still dotted the landscape. The two headed toward the boulders that led onto the street, where the captain would again seek refuge in the Cove and Chris would say goodbye for now. 
As they approached the boulders, Chris broke their silence
Dont do anything, he said, turning to the captain. 
The captain wouldnt look at him. I already told ye . . . he began.
Chris interrupted. Theres another way! he said. Im sure of it. I just need some time. But you have to trust me. 
Chris let the captain think about that as they walked to the front of the Cove. When they got there, the captain looked down at him and asked, Whatve you got in mind, laddie?
Chris looked away, thinking about it another moment. It was crazy. Truly crazy. But it just might work. He turned to the captain. 
I think I know somebody who might help. Theres somebody I want you to meet.
The captain pondered that a moment, before asking, Are ya sure laddie? I mean, can we trust him?
Chris smiled, then nodded. Pretty sure, he said.
~
Arthur Cobb was disappointed to see the story had made the news, but it wasnt as bad as it mightve been. 
The wire services picked up a story that had first appeared in the alumni newsletter, announcing that university trustees voted to fund the removal and transfer of an old shipwreck from Cape Cod back to campus for scientific appraisal and archiving. The college president was quoted saying it would be a boon to the waterfront campuss nascent marine archeology program, going on to say the wreck had already provided real-world field experience to the twenty or so students currently enrolled. The university fully expected the outlay of funds to be more than offset by increased interest in the program, but even if not, the pursuit of science required them to move ahead anyway. The article ended by noting the Park Service had no objection to the universitys plans.
After the news broke, Cobb did what he could to mitigate the damage. Though we have found some intriguing artifacts, he was quoted in the AP story that followed, and some fascinating clues giving us glimpses of shipboard life, Im afraid we have yet to identify the ship. It could be simply the burned out husk of something that had long outlived its usefulness. But I suspect well have further information once we fully disinter the wreck and have the opportunity to closely examine it.
He went on to say that yes, he had been asked to join the universitys efforts and perhaps spearhead them, but no decision had been made. The article concluded: Im just an old retired professor, Cobb answered with a twinkle in his eye. Just trying to make myself useful.
Cobb shoved the newspaper aside thinking no, it wasnt as bad as it mightve been. Of course, it would again bring more gawkers to the scene. He frowned a moment, thinking it wasnt right for him to resent those who showed up at the wreck. After all, it was found on public property. It wasnt surprising the public would have an interest in seeing something so unusual. Still, he had taken responsibility for the excavation and the wreck. He couldnt blame himself for feeling proprietary toward it. At least the fence had put a stop to the vandalism and teenage partying. 
But oh, he thought, if they only knew! If they had any idea exactly what ship it was, it would send the number of visitors into the stratosphere, turning the site into an amusement park. But only he and the college president, along with some of his trusted advisors, knew the full extent of their find. And that would be how it remained until the ship was safely off the beach and in his full custody.
Smiling, Cobb reached out and picked up one of his most recent finds, one of a number of items he hadnt yet shared with anyone. Remarkable things they were too. Perhaps most remarkable of all was the heavy item now cradled in his arms. He had recently removed it from its bath and begun the removal of accretion that surrounded it. Raising it into the air for a closer look, he heard the striker make an ugly clong against the side. But he smiled to know that soon, even that would be fixed. And though all of the carefully engraved letters had yet to be dug out from beneath centuries of grime, he could now clearly make out the following:   he  ady  race
He smiled wider to know this bell would soon ring again.
~
Chris wasnt at all surprised to read the article his mother had cut out and left on the table for him. Hed already put two and two together. He knew the professor was not completely forthcoming because Mr. Cobb was now fully bewitched by the ship, or the newfound fame, or maybe just the need to feel useful again.
Whatever it was, Chris knew Cobb wasnt a bad man, for Chris too had been bewitched by the ship, and the coins, and the pirates. Yet, he had somehow managed to keep his head about things, and Arthur Cobb never had to know how close he came to . . . no use thinking about that. What was done was done. Anyway, his crazily concocted plan was working to perfection, and it looked now as though even the weather was cooperating. 
Hed gone as usual to the beach that morning to have his breakfast, and though the weather was warm and the day would be muggy, the sky above was a quilted palette of blood red and stark pink and deep purple. He knew then the weather was one less thing they had to worry about, because if living by the sea had taught him anything, it was that the old sailors adage was true: 
Red sky at morning . . . sailor take warning . . .
~
The clouds came early that afternoon, bringing with them refreshing breezes that cleared out the mugginess of the past few days. But it was obvious to all that a blow was coming, and so barge service ended early. All those whose business on the island was concluded had already left for their own homes to ride out the storm. 
By mid-afternoon, in a precursor of what was to come, the surf began to roil and surge. Not long afterward, the sky blackened. The storm announced its arrival by first letting loose a barrage of hail that clanged loudly on rooftops and car hoods all over the Rump. After that, the skies opened and the rains came. The almost biblical deluge began just after six P.M., accompanied by raucous booms of thunder and flashes of electric lightning. 
Not long after the rain began, an armada of strange looking craft approached the east side of the Rump. When the captain of one of those vessels announced their arrival on an encrypted frequency, the doors to a massive boathouse located in a narrow cove opened up, and a forty-seven foot yacht called Pamela slipped out for the first time in more than three years. In its wheelhouse, the sharply dressed and crewcut captain was all business, issuing orders to the dozen or so crew, charting their rendezvous point, and generally making sure everything was ship-shape.
At that same time, a convoy of black SUVs left the estate carrying another two dozen men, among them engineers, heavy equipment operators, carpenters, and coopers. For luck, they brought along a young man who, if asked, would describe his trade as powder boy. For some of those men, it was their first ride in an automobile. But there was no excited talking or laughing, because they all had a job to do  except the young man, whod been ordered to stay out of the way. 
Out on the increasingly stormy seas, the Pamela joined the armada, and they all sailed west, their destination a speck of land that locals called Nutmeg Hollow. In the luxuriously appointed stateroom of the yacht, a retired furniture salesman sat enthralled while listening to yet another tale from a strangely dressed man who called himself Hornblossom. Barney had been doing a lot of that over the past few days, since the day Chris had introduced them. The two men were drinking brandy from snifters and smoking fine cigars. Beside them, a man named Fletcher kept twirling his cap with nervousness. Another man named Hill, first mate of a ship called the Lady Grace, sat nearby. At one point, he reached out and grabbed Fletchers wrist, hoping to once and for all put a stop to that confounded twirling.
Across the room, dressed in a yellow rain slicker and heavy boots, wondering if hed be able to keep his dinner down, was a boy named Chris Duggan. He heard muffled laughter and soft voices occasionally from other men down in the mess. All the crew wanted to be involved in one way or another, even as only spectators. Their captain decided this was only fair. It was, after all, their ship. He was just its steward.
After another heavy roll, Chris made the mistake of taking a deep gulp of air and inhaled cigar smoke. Glancing down, he had no desire to add his own unique design to the already ornate Oriental carpet underfoot, so he grasped hold of the arm of his chair to steady himself and stood. 
Think Im gonna get some air, he said. 
Barney and the captain looked his way. Chris saw Hornblossom trying to suppress a smile, no doubt knowing what Chris was going through. But they both knew he owed the boy too much to make a comment. Barney smiled and nodded, and as Chris approached the short stairway leading out to the deck, Hornblossom reminded him: One hand fer the boat, laddie. 
Chris nodded and made his way toward the stairs. He tried to compensate for the vicious rocking by swaying back and forth, but that only made things worse. But only moments after stepping outside, the cold rain, chilly wind, and fresh air invigorated his spirits and blew away his nausea. He slipped only once, on his way toward the railing, but a man in black whom Chris hadnt known was there caught him by his arm and steadied him. 
Careful, boy, the man said, patting his shoulder before going back to work. Chris grasped the railing and held fast. Closing his eyes, he raised his head to the sky and let the cold rain work its magic.
He couldnt hear the engines over the roar of the sea and the pounding rain, not to mention the intermittent thunder. Then again, he suspected the Pamela ran mostly silent anyway. Looking left and right, he saw other men in black coming and going, some of them no doubt regular crew, others hired for this occasion. Chris glanced across the water and saw the high bluffs of the Rump moving swiftly past. In the bright light of intermittent lightning, he saw other ships across the water. Having sat in on some of the planning, he knew to expect some strange looking craft. But seeing them only in intermittent flashes gave the already curious-looking vessels the appearance of nefarious sea monsters unleashed from the depths.
He recognized one vessel as the amphibious crane, its tall tower looming three stories above. Another one looked like a floating swingset, and Chris figured that was the ship whose specialty was grasping things from the sea floor. They werent sure they were going to need it, but Barney wanted it there just the same. Though all the boats were running without lights, Chris sensed smaller vessels all around them too, support ships for the specialized vessels. He recalled then how much Barney seemed to enjoy arranging this expedition, especially the surreptitious nature of it, the cloak and dagger of doing it under cover of darkness. Chris had approached Barney in a quiet moment to offer his gratitude, but the old man merely looked surprised. 
I told you. Its your ship. Happy to do anything I can to help.
Chris thanked him anyway, remembering again Barneys reaction upon hearing that Arthur Cobb was trying to claim the ship as his own. Well, him and the university. Chris figured there had to be some unpleasant history between Barney and the professor. As curious as he was, it wasnt his business to ask.
~
On the rain-drenched deck of the Pamela, Chris stood beside Barney and Captain Hornblossom. Across the water, brilliant floodlights lit up Nutmeg Hollow, where men and machines were at work. Amphibious vehicles had already crashed onto the shore releasing dozens of men. Though Chris couldnt see most of it, he knew what was happening. Before theyd even arrived, other men had laid the groundwork, tearing down the fence that surrounded the ship, digging deeply beneath her to lay the booms and harnesses needed to lift her from her grave. 
Chris watched as the amphibious crane moved into place, knowing that men on shore were now carefully attaching the crane to the booms. Other men would begin inflating a massive pillow laid beneath the ship, to gently cushion her as she came out of the trench. That also allowed other men to make adjustments or add additional harnesses before the ship was truly lifted. It took another twenty minutes or so, but as Chris and the men on deck watched, the crane began to slowly lift the ancient wreck from the sand.
Chris couldnt help turning to look at Hornblossom, who stood with his mouth agape to see his ship whole for the first time in . . . well, a long time. He soon turned away to let him have his privacy. While the ship slowly rose, Chris recalled reading about raising the Vasa from beneath the sea, which had taken many months. Raising the Mary Rose, King Henry the VIIIs favorite ship, had taken many years. 
And though he had played only a small role, and knew also it was something he could never talk about, while watching the ship emerge from the sand, then seeing it dangle a moment in the harsh floodlights before the crane moved her sideways toward the waiting barge, Chris smiled with pride, knowing the raising of the Lady Grace had bested both Vasa and Mary Rose. Raising the Lady Grace had taken about an hour and a half.
~
Book III
Now and then we had a hope that if we lived and were good, God would permit us to be pirates.
 Mark Twain, Life on the Mississippi
Chapter Ten
~
In the gray light of early morning, two uniformed men and one civilian stood on the sands of Nutmeg Hollow. The ranger had just finished reminding Cobb that theyd seen it before. Just down the Cape, off the coast of Wellfleet, lay the remains of a British warship called the Somerset. It was the same ship that Paul Revere eluded before making his famous midnight ride. The Somerset later sank in a storm, its crew taken captive and exchanged for American prisoners. 
But every few years, when the tides were right, folks claimed they could see the bones of the Somerset rising up from the sea. Only last summer, after not being seen in thirty-seven years, the bones showed up on the beach. They remained there long enough for marine archeologists and the Park Service to document their condition and obtain GPS coordinates. Then, one day, they were gone. And as he stared into the small depression where only yesterday an ancient shipwreck lay, the ranger surmised the same thing had happened here. The ship had returned to the sea.
Remnants of the fence were strewn about here and there, battered and torn by an enemy it wasnt built to withstand. Little was left of the mounds of sand excavated from the trench where the wreck lay, the tide no doubt giving back to the beach that which man had taken. And though he kept this to himself, the ranger couldnt say he was sorry to see it end this way. The wreck might have been of some historical interest, but it had rested here a long time. It had never seemed appropriate to him that it be taken from its final resting place, to be poked and prodded and God knows what else. Because whatever the ship had been, it had no doubt performed honorably during its time in service and deserved far better than that. Therefore, as far as the ranger was concerned, that was the end of it.
~
From where he stood, Lucas was equally happy to be quit of the thing, sooner rather than later. He had known Cobb and the university planned to take the wreck within the next day or two, weather permitting. The professor had been courteous enough to introduce him to the foreman in charge of the operation, who had promised to keep disruptions to a minimum. Cobb had even asked Lucas himself to be on hand, for crowd control and police presence. Flattered as he was, Lucas said no, knowing it would be a sideshow, and the sooner the Rump returned to its sleepy ways, the happier hed be. No, he wasnt at all sorry to see it gone.
~
The third man on the beach felt different. He had remained curiously silent during the rangers explanation. In fact, he hadnt said a word since hed arrived. 
Much like that morning a few months ago, hed received a phone call from the Park Service about something strange at Nutmeg Hollow. The ranger asked Cobb to meet him here, but didnt tell him then what the anonymous caller had told him, that the wreck was gone. The ranger figured it best they see for themselves. He also knew Cobb had taken a special interest in the thing and didnt want to be the bearer of bad news.
The professor kept his arms crossed while the ranger spoke, the hollows in his cheeks revealing him to be sucking on the insides of his mouth. Occasionally, he turned his head this way and that: to the depression where the wreck once lay, to the shorefront forty feet away, to the top of the dune that overlooked the wreck, back to the depression. To the uniformed men, it appeared the professor believed the thing was just missing, or misplaced, and maybe all they had to do was look a little harder. 
Toward the end of the rangers talk, Cobb had simply wandered away, walking toward the shore while staring down at the beach. He bent over now and then, to pick something up and examine it before tossing it aside. He stopped to crouch down a few times and examine the sand, now and then seeming to wipe away an invisible something. The uniformed men could only watch.
Seems to be taking it hard, the ranger said. 
Yup, Lucas replied. Certainly does.
They watched the professor approach the shore and crouch down again, to contemplate something in the sand.
Well . . . the ranger said, embarrassed to be watching the scene. Gotta go write up a report on this. We knew it would probably happen. But I expect well see her again.
Lucas turned his sunglassed eyes from the professor and toward the ranger. 
I expect, he replied, though he hoped that didnt happen. Anyway, howsabout I buy you a cup of coffee before you write that report? Annies Variety has just about the best in town.
The ranger smiled and nodded. The two took one last departing glance at the professor, who had looked up from whatever had fascinated him in the sand to stare out at the sea, before leaving him with his own thoughts.
~
Memorial Day came and went and summer got into full swing on the Rump. The shops and galleries and restaurants were all open, as were the T-shirt shops and ice cream parlors and salt water taffy booths at the end of Beach Drive. There had been some initial concern that the washout of the stretch would negatively impact tourist season, but it looked like the opposite was happening. Having to take a boat ride across seemed to make it an even more exotic destination. And though the Rump would never be Marthas Vineyard or Nantucket or even Block Island, it looked like the summer season would boom.
All of that was no help to folks who made their living from the sea, fishermen like Perry Winslow and Clem Johnson and all the others whose livelihood had been under siege for years. New restrictions such as smaller catch limits and vast areas being made off-limits made these mens already hardscrabble lives even harder. There were dozens of such men on the Rump, families who had supported themselves for generations who now often wondered where their next paycheck was coming from. These were not the sorts of men to take a warehouse job on the mainland just to make ends meet, even if a warehouse job could be found. They were certainly not the sorts of men who would take charity.
And as Chris sat in a pew on a sticky Sunday morning in June, it was about these men that the minister was now talking, reminding those in the congregation who had plenty that it was their duty to make sure their brothers, their neighbors, were not forgotten.
Wecall the pawable of the Good Samawitan . . . he began.
Chris pinched himself and looked down. Yet even after closing his eyes, he felt his mothers stare. She was waiting for him to lose it. To his credit, he was getting better at it. Maybe that adult gene was finally kicking in, he thought. Or maybe, his own brief experience with a speech impediment after his braces came off had made him more understanding.
His eyes were still closed when he heard a commotion from the rear of the church, followed by some shushing and quiet snorting. But folks were used to that now and the minister droned on. Opening his eyes, Chris turned to look and saw it was as he expected. 
Since the captains trial and reinstatement, they all came to church, the entire crew of the Lady Grace, taking up most of the two rear benches. Chris saw that only Sykes seemed ostracized, sitting alone with his arms crossed away from the rest of the crew. He had his nose turned up like he smelled something bad. Apparently, he had yet to recover his standing from his ill-fated attempt to take control of the ship.
The captain explained hed been so taken with the Easter service he attended  though Chris sometimes thought it was more the free coffee and donuts  that he ordered the entire crew to attend. There was some grumbling about it, but the consensus had been, whats the harm? Chris still winced each time the minister invited people forward to share their stories or wisdom, but at least so far, neither the captain nor any of his crew had taken him up on it. For that, he was grateful.
While turned, Chris noticed the increased presence of members of the gay, lesbian, and transgendered community, who flocked to the Rump during the season. They were nothing new to Chris, often staying at the inn throughout the summer. They came to town for the Pride festival, to party at one of the clubs that catered to them, or to simply use the beaches. Chris considered himself fortunate that both his mother and his church preached tolerance, though he liked to think hed have been tolerant anyway. In fact, hed never met one he hadnt liked. Fortunately, some of them were always dressed a little . . . ostentatiously . . . making the crew of the Lady Grace look positively Puritan by comparison. To the untrained eye, they fit right in.
He saw Perry Winslow next to his captain Clem Johnson, as well as Paul Wilson, Fred Granger, and a lobsterman, Ron Fernald. All men who made no money from the tourist trade. Chris knew that as tough as things got sometimes for him and his mother in the wintertime, things were bad for those guys most of the year. And if the Rump ever did acquire even a small bit of the luster of the Vineyard or Nantucket, as good as that might be for him and his family, he knew it would probably drive those men and their families off the Rump for good, and theyd been here far longer than he.
Before turning around, he caught Sarahs eye, and she smiled. She was next to her aunt Misty, today dressed in a blue print dress and matching hat. Chris nodded back, remembering hed promised to take her to Barneys this afternoon to check out the animals. Though hed made a show of being put out by it, he was secretly looking forward to spending time with her. Much as that troubled one part of his brain, another just couldnt help it. He chalked it up to that adult gene again.
He also caught a glimpse of Arthur Cobb. The professor hadnt been himself since the Lady Grace went missing, not talking much and looking more disheveled each day. Chris noticed he seemed to only go through the motions those days he tutored. And all those specimens of rats and chickens and other things hed found near the wreck had disappeared from his makeshift workspace in the office. Part of him felt bad about that, but most of him knew the professors interest in the wreck had come close to being deadly for him. But thinking of the wreck only brought another problem to mind, one he wasnt sure hed ever crack.
~
Three days after the Lady Grace was safely stowed within the confines of Barneys boathouse, after the celebrations of the men who again had their boat back, Chris approached Hornblossom. The captain was in Barneys living room, where hed been spending much of his time, fascinated by this thing called television. His crew was safely holed up on the other side of the mansion, where Barney had been kind enough to put them. 
Chris didnt know where to begin, and after sitting down, he noticed Hornblossom was engrossed in a soap opera of all things. 
What do we do now? Chris asked. 
The captain ignored him, entranced by the adultery and other happenings on the afternoon soap. Chris waited until a commercial came on before reaching for the remote and lowering the volume. To make sure he had the captains full attention, he stood up and walked in front of the big screen TV. 
What do we do now? he asked. 
It took a moment for the captain to return from wherever hed been. Whaddya mean, laddie, he asked.
You know what I mean, Chris said. 
Hornblossom grunted, which Chris took for acknowledgment that he did. 
Don really know, laddie, Hornblossom said after a while. Havent quite thought the whole thing through yet, ifn ya know what I mean.
Chris turned and shut off the television. After throwing the remote on the coffee table he sat down again. You cant stay here, he said.
Hornblossom looked hurt. Lad, Id be remindin ya that we be invited guests of the master of the house . . .
You know what I mean, Chris interrupted. I mean, you cant stay in the . . . here. In the now. Its. . . well, it wont work, is all. 
He waited to ensure the captain understood what he meant. After it became obvious that he did, he went on. So, what Im asking is, Chris said. Do you remember anything else?
Hornblossom thought hard a moment. 
I recall there bein somethin bout sailin into a mist, an the moon disappearin, an there bein a fireball in the sky. Youll pardon me fer not rememberin it all. Ya see, it had jes occurred ta me she was cursin me fer all eternity, an trus me laddie, when that women cursed ya, ye be cursed but good.
Chris looked down. Hornblossom was right. Whoever this woman was, when she cursed you, you were cursed but good.
~
Let us pway . . .
The ministers voice brought Chris out of his stupor. Closing his eyes, he prayed for guidance or help from whoever might be listening for a way to send the pirates back where theyd come from. Hed brought them back  accidentally of course, but still  and felt a powerful responsibility to send them home.
After the prayer, the minister made the weekly announcements. Sunday school would end for the summer the following week. The Saturday night church-sponsored film series would begin next week on the town green with a wousing movie they should all be excited about. 
When Chris heard what it was, he allowed himself a smile. Hed seen it probably a thousand times, but knew it was a wousing movie indeed. Maybe Sarah hadnt seen it yet. Even better, maybe shed like to go with him. Because not everyone had already seen Piwates of the Cawibbean.
~
Sarah and Chris stopped by the emu pen before crossing the field where the llamas roamed freely. The long-necked beasts eyed them suspiciously but otherwise allowed them to pass. Halfway to the zebra enclosure, Sarah noticed a half-built and tall concrete structure.
Whats that? Sarah asked, pointing.
For the giraffes, Chris answered, smiling.
Sarah shook her head. Its just not right, she said. I mean, dont get me wrong, theyre cute and all. And Im sure its nice to be so rich you can buy anything you want. But wild animals should remain in the wild.
Chris let that pass without comment as they approached the fenced-in area containing the zebras. They were all out today, the stallion and three mares, standing in the field beneath bright sunshine, chewing away at the waist-high grass, occasionally gently rubbing their heads together while letting out an occasional snort or bray. When Sarah and Chris arrived at the pen, the two leaned on the fence and stared across at them. After a while, Chris spoke.
Their social groups are called harems, he began. See that big one there? Hes the male. The other three are females. Lots of people dont know it, but there are really three separate species of zebra. These ones here are called Mountain Zebras. They tend to hang around way above sea level, at the foot of mountains and tall plateaus. Places like that. It was only a few years ago, because of hunting and poaching, there were fewer than a hundred left in the world. Theyve done a pretty good job bringing them back to where I guess theres now a few thousand. But theyre still being hunted, so its still touch and go. Now, look closely. Do you see the differences between them?
Chris pointed. Sarah followed his direction.
Look closely at their stripes, Chris said. Theyre different. No two Zebras are striped alike. Thats how they tell each other apart. And it used to be, way back when, that horses were zebras too. Most people dont know its the zebras that stayed the same, and the horses and the mules that went different.
He paused a moment before going on. 
Now, about those giraffes hes getting. The ones you think should stay in the wild? Theyre going to be West African giraffes. Theres supposed to be national parks set aside for them, places for them to roam in their natural habitat. But the truth is, their territory has shrunk to nothing. Theyre still being hunted for fur and meat. At last count, there were fewer than a hundred of them left in the wild.
When Chris went quiet, Sarah asked, What about the emus?
Them? Oh, theyre just for fun. And for the kids. Theyre extinct now in Tasmania, but theres almost a million left in Australia. Theyre doing good. Llamas too. But Barney opens this place up to all the kids on the Cape, all the elementary schools make field trips here to see the animals and get tours. Veterinary students are always here, seeing to the animals and learning about them. He keeps a couple of zoologists on staff too. So I guess what Im trying to say is, these animals arent here just for his pleasure or to be a sideshow. He really loves them. Hes just trying to do good.
They watched one of the female zebras begin snorting at another, who she felt was apparently getting too much attention from the male. The two animals brayed at each other for a while, even after the male walked away. 
Typical, Sarah said, then watched Chris smile. Hey, you know what? she went on. You should really work with animals, become a vet or a zoologist or something. You seem to know a lot about them.
I know about emus and llamas and zebras and giraffes and one old monkey. Thats about it, Chris answered.
What old monkey? Sarah asked.
Chris smiled. Mister Bobo, he said. Hes a chimpanzee Barney used in one of his first commercials about forty years ago. Thats how his furniture stores became so well known, him and Mister Bobo. They were in commercials together all the time. I guess hes the first animal Barney got real close to. Come on, let me show you his digs. Hes got the nicest apartment on the Rump.
The two wandered over to Mister Bobos luxury apartment, complete with its own television and piano. The gray haired and obviously ancient chimp was mostly bored this afternoon, sitting in his lounge chair and incessantly changing the television channel with the remote. When Chris and Sarah showed up, the monkey gave them a bored glance before turning back to the television. 
Sarah was aghast to see the chimp chain smoking cigarettes. 
Chris just laughed. Guess he started before the Surgeon General learned how bad they were . . . for monkeys, he said.
After only a few minutes, Chris apologized and said he had to leave. He was needed back at the inn for the wine and cheese party. 
As they walked home, Sarah stayed quiet a while before opening up. She talked about how shed have to rethink things in terms of animal captivity, though she still felt it was wrong to eat any animal. She went on to talk about her vegetarian diet, how much better she felt since going on it about a year ago, and how Chris should really think about going on it too. She talked about her interest in astronomy, and how there were going to be some interesting things happening in the skies this summer. But Chris tuned her out, focusing mostly on getting up the nerve to ask her to the movies on Saturday.
Sarah droned on. . . . its going to be so cool, a total lunar eclipse AND the Reisenhower comet . . .
Chris figured hed just be cool about it; maybe ask if she was going, and if so, maybe they could go together. No biggie either way. Then, he stopped in his tracks. 
Sarah went five more paces before she realized he wasnt there. Turning, she saw him standing in the middle of the road. What is it, silly? she asked.
Chris looked up. What did you just say?
She had to think a moment. Oh. Only that my astronomy teacher used to work at NASA on the space shuttle, and . . .
No, Chris said. Before that.
Just how its going to be so cool to have a total lunar eclipse the very same night a comet comes so close to earth. Should make the thing light up the night sky, is all.
Chris smiled and shook his head. That was it. 
He started walking again, and when he joined Sarah the two walked together again. 
What is it? Sarah asked.
Nothing, Chris replied. Just . . . youre right. Its gonna be cool, is all. He waited a moment before asking. So, when is it supposed to happen? What night, I mean.
September third, she replied. Its a Sunday, the day before Labor Day. My last night here. In fact, know what? Maybe we can watch it together!
Chris smiled. Its a . . . yeah. That might be fun.
He just couldnt bring himself to say it, and by the time he dropped her at her grandmothers house, hed forgotten all about asking her to the movies on Saturday night. His mind was consumed by what was supposed to happen the evening of September third, a night that  at least according to Sarah  the moon be disappearin, an there be a fireball in the sky.
~
Two slips over from Barneys forty-seven foot yacht Pamela, on the retractable floor of the mammoth boathouse, lay the sad remains of the Lady Grace. There was something different about her now that she was no longer buried in the sand. Chris remembered when he first saw her jutting out of the beach and thinking there were endless possibilities of what might lie beneath. 
Yet, even after the students excavated her, she hadnt looked like much. Not to him, anyway. Not then. It was just a bunch of wooden boards and planks, blackened and smoothed by centuries beneath the sea. It wasnt until he saw photographs of Vasa, and more so, the Mary Rose, that Chris could finally imagine what the Lady Grace might have looked like during her life as the scourge of the Caribbean.
Not knowing much about boats, hed searched online for images and drawings of sloops, that particular class of vessel to which the Lady Grace belonged. Not as fierce looking as three-masted warships like Vasa or the Whydah, with their square sails and thirty or more guns, sloops like the Lady Grace had their own advantages and their own distinct profile: single masts with a forestay running all the way to the end of the long bowsprit. Sloops were built for agility and speed. Chris could understand why that was important in their line of work. 
And yet, as he looked at her now, he realized what he was about to propose was impossible. More than impossible, really. It was madness. But he could think of no other way.
~
The meeting was held in the dining room of Barneys mansion. Representing the crew of the Lady Grace were Hornblossom, the quartermaster Fletcher, the carpenter, a man named Woolsey, and the first mate. Chris was seated across from Hornblossom. At the far end of the table sat a bald man in round glasses and an ill-fitting suit. Dawkins, Barneys lawyer. He was busy reading something or other and not paying much attention. Open on the table in front of him was his ubiquitous briefcase. 
They were waiting for Barney, who was in another part of the mansion having a physical exam. Chris had seen the white-coated doctor and nurse drive in this morning but hadnt paid much attention. Aside from his occasional sadnesses, Barney seemed healthy as could be. And in the weeks since hed made the pirates acquaintance, he seemed happier too. In fact, Barney had delighted in meeting Chriss new friend Hornblossom and in putting together the Nutmeg Hollow caper. During planning and deliberations for purloining the ship, Chris watched Barney nod to his lawyer each time a detail came up that needed taking care of. The lawyer dutifully and silently made note of it. 
Chris suspected Dawkins himself had done most of the heavy lifting for the project, contracting with the companies for the use of specialty vessels and crews, no doubt paying a high premium to have them come on such short notice and in the middle of a storm. Chris also suspected each man involved had signed a secrecy agreement, because in the days since the Lady Grace disappeared, there was no inkling of what theyd done leaked anywhere, at least from what hed seen. Chris wondered sometimes what the lawyer thought of all this: his client stumbling upon eighteenth-century pirates returned from the grave and getting caught up in what were no doubt dozens of felonies. But as always, the lawyer kept his thoughts on the matter to himself.
Barney came bounding in before too long with a big smile on his face, taking the chair at the head of the table. Chris couldnt help asking. Is everything okay?
Barney waved his hand dismissively. Nothing wrong with me, son. Nothing at all. Now, young man, tell us. Why have you brought us here?
Chris began reciting what hed learned from his research. The Reisenhower comet was a recent discovery, one of dozens of near-Earth objects that come and go all the time. But this year, its trajectory would swing it perilously close to Earth on its journey to the sun. Already visible in the southern hemisphere, it wouldnt reach its flaming zenith until it reached the northern hemisphere. It would be at its brightest and most visible in early September.
He went on to say that Sarah told him that one night in early September, there would also be a total lunar eclipse, but he could find no eclipses scheduled, certainly none in September. After hours of searching, he discovered the answer had been in front of him the whole time. Maybe because its such a common thing, hed simply disregarded it. But on the night of September third, the Earth, the Sun, and the Moon, were all going to line up. The Moon would be directly between the Earth and the Sun, and when the Moon was covered by the Earths shadow, a thin crescent was going to peek out from one side. Chris realized that had to be it, the oh-so-mundane-it-was-hardly-noticed once a month miracle of a New Moon had to be what the women who cursed Hornblossom had been talking about. But Sarah was right too. With the moon in shadow, the comet would be spectacular.
After hed completed his recital, the crew of the Lady Grace just stared. That made sense, Chris thought, if Hornblossom hadnt told them it was his presence that had cursed the Lady Grace and they had only shared the captains fate. When Chris looked at Hornblossom, he saw his eyes whirling. Hornblossom got it. 
Barney was smiling and nodding. So whats your plan, son, he asked.
Chris took a moment before saying it out loud. Even he knew it would sound crazy. He said it anyway. 
We have to rebuild her, he said. She has to be finished by the evening of September third, because thats when its going to happen. 
Thats when whats going to happen, laddie? Fletcher asked, amused, but obviously disbelieving they should take their marching orders from a mere boy.
I dont know, Chris said honestly. But I know this much. Something is going to happen. He stopped to look each man in the eye before finishing. And I know thats the night you can all go home.
Chris looked first at Fletcher, then at Woolsey. Faraway looks had come into both sets of eyes at the mention of home. He wasnt certain these men had families, or children, but he knew it wasnt an uncommon thing for pirates. Woolsey spoke first. 
Tis a mere three months, laddie. Canna be done.
Yes, it can, Chris insisted calmly. Heck, I bet the ship itself didnt even take three months to build. Boston used to make those things by the . . . boatload. 
Aye, tis true, laddie, Hornblossom said. But with scores a men working on it, an all of em skilled craftsmen. An in case ye haven noticed, were a small company. An aside from our skilled carpenter and our cooper, were a company whose skills lie mostly in . . . other areas.
Barney said, Thats not a problem. I can . . .
Nay, I canna let ye, Hornblossom said. Weve imposed on yer hospitality quite enough. Truth be told, ye already been far kinder than we deserve. An I want ye to know we intend ta pay ye back fer all yer kindnesses. We are nae without resources. But I canna, an I willna, let ye build me ship. Thats the end of it.
He wont have to, Chris said softly.
Hornblossom looked puzzled. Barney raised his eyebrows. Chris went on.
~
After he had detailed his plan, Barney smiled and nodded knowingly. Hornblossom too looked satisfied. Even his crew began to concede that it just might be possible. Chris thought he mightve seen a quick glance pass between Barney and his lawyer, Dawkins, and the lawyer might have subtly acknowledged it. But with those two, you could never tell. 
Chapter Eleven
~
A dozen men stood around the pool table talking softly among themselves, occasionally glancing down and pointing at the drawings laid out on the felt. One man whispered he knew a half dozen men from the mainland who could all be here by tomorrow. Another mans wife had a catering business and would be delighted to have some work. A third said his cousin was a laid-off maritime engineer who would love to be involved. A fourth reminded them all this was a Rumpster-first effort, and only after they ran out of locals would they look outside for assistance. 
The men were so caught up in their discussions they lost track of time. A quick whistle from the bartender made them turn their heads. The barkeep motioned to the clock. When they all saw the time, they scattered. Two ran for their usual seats at the bar nearest the door. Another took a seat at the far end. Four men took a table in the corner. The rest gathered up the drawings and tucked them aside before grabbing cues and racking them up. The bartender placed beers down in front of them all before rushing behind the bar and turning on the TV. 
None bothered turning their heads when the door opened and Lucas walked in. Only the bartender glanced up from his People magazine and smiled.
Whats the word today, Luke? he asked.
The cop glanced around, surprised to see so many at the Cove on a Tuesday afternoon. Then again, times were tough.
Abreast, Luke answered, taking his seat. Sixty-one down in the mornings crossword. Clue was, Beside each other.
The bartender set a cup and saucer down in front of the cop and poured him some coffee.
No fishing today, Clem? the cop asked the man to his right.
Went out this morning, Clem Johnson answered. Werent biting.
The cop took a long slug of coffee while the intro music to his favorite show played. Well, youll get em tomorrow, he said. 
Setting down his cup, he glanced around the bar again. Paul Wilson and Fred Granger were playing pool with two men he recognized but didnt know. Ron Fernald and Len Doyle sat at a table with their brothers-in-law, talking quietly and drinking beer. Another man was in the back glancing at the selections on the jukebox. Another half-dozen were situated around the bar, drinking alone or talking quietly.
Puzzled, but unconcerned by this unusual occurrence, Lucas turned around and glanced up at the television. Angelina was crying, as usual. Her unhappy marriage to Chad, along with Reeses hard heart, had led her to having affairs with pretty much everybody in town except the mailman, and who knew if she wasnt doing him off-screen? Anyway, just as Lucas knew she would, she ended up pregnant, with no idea who the father was. She was currently confessing her sins to the local priest, a good looking young man who, unbeknownst to her, was in love with her. Lucas wondered if the obviously torn priest was about to come clean about that. After a long pause, Angelina confessed she didnt know who the father was.
Its Chads, Lucas said, surprised hed said it aloud.
Behind the bar, Marcus snorted. Chads? he said. Im not sure they even consummated the marriage, so I wouldnt be so sure about that. I think it might be Blakes.
Blake was a bad boy who rode into town on his motorcycle one day and set up a biker bar.
Nah, its not Blakes, Lucas said. His love for her was pure.
Marcus waved his hand dismissively and turned back to the TV.
It be neither a theirs, said a voice from the other end of the bar. Lucas turned his head, but his view was blocked by the two pool players who had finished their game and were now seated at the bar.
Leaning back, Lucas saw the man who had spoke was an odd-looking duck. He wore a shamrock green hat with two red feathers, a tuxedo shirt, purple pants, blue leggings, and athletic socks. There were braids in the sides of his shoulder-length hair, with colored beads dangling from them. His goatee was also braided and decorated with the same colorful beads. There was a cane hanging from his leg.
Excuse me? Lucas asked before he could stop himself. He turned to Marcus for a little help. 
What I mean ta say is, it aint Chads baby, the man said in a strangely accented voice. Nor is it Blakes. The baby belongs to Reese. He be the only man who truly loves her.
Lucas caught Marcuss eye. Marcus just shrugged, as if to say the guys money was as green as the next guys. Lucas wasnt so sure about that. He took one last long look at the guy at the end of the bar before leaning forward again and looking up toward the television. But he couldnt concentrate now. The moment was spoiled.
Lucas had always thought of himself as an open-minded person, and knew that alternate lifestyle types were always welcome on the Rump. But the Cove was HIS place, while they had places of their own. And if Marcus was going to let his bar go in . . . THAT direction . . . then Lucas might just have to find himself another spot to watch his favorite show.
~
Chris descended the stairway from Dale Duesenbergs studio. He was covered in paint. Today, Dale had him working on drip paintings. He had placed a canvas on the floor and had Chris drip, splatter, and splash paint on it. Sometimes, Dale made him whip the paint on violently, and dark red splatters appeared on the canvas that looked like drops of blood at a crime scene. Other times, he had Chris gently flutter the brush above the canvas, and what ended up on the canvas looked like what might have been petals on a blue flower. It amazed Chris to learn that the manner and mood with which he splashed or dripped the paint seemed to be reflected in the random patterns and splotches that ended up on the canvas. When he shared that thought with Dale, his art teacher smiled widely. 
Thats the point, my boy. Thats exactly the point.
Chris stepped onto the busy sidewalk, filled with mid-week diners, shoppers, and high school kids from around the Cape taking a skip day. The end of school was just days away. Turning into the crowd, he bumped straight into Hornblossom, whod been staring into the gallery window. His dog was beside him. Upon seeing Chris, the dog leaped onto his chest and began licking what must have looked to him like candy splotches from his face. Chris patted him gently behind the ears before putting him back onto the ground.
Hornblossom looked bemusedly at Chris, then raised his cane to the boys face, using it to gently turn Chriss paint spattered face first in one direction and then the other. My, my, laddie, he said. Was there an explosion in a dye work I haven heard about yet?
Chris smiled. Hornblossom put his cane down. The two began walking together, the dog scampering along behind.
Hows it going? Chris asked, not having seen the captain in a few days, not since the day theyd agreed to his plan anyway.
Goin well, laddie. Goin well. Ya know, I be findin out this town be fulla people in need a somethin to do. An I got me a crew with the same problem. Man gets into trouble when he don have a project at hand or a goal in mind. Ifn ye hadn brought this one up, I mighta had ta invent somethin jes to keep em occupied.
Hornblossom stopped a moment and looked down.
But it seems I mighta been a bit . . . premature . . . refusin Mister Zimmermans helpful offer of assistance. Suren he has a fine shop, an most all the tools necessary fer us to get started. But as ye can imagine, right off, we find ourselves in need of a variety of things, not the least of which is a vast quantity of wood.
Chris nodded. Hed expected that. The two began walking again, past the shops and toward the green. As he looked across its wide expanse, Chris remembered he hadnt yet asked Sarah to the movies. He set that aside for the moment and turned to Hornblossom. The captain had raised his head to stare up at the tall pine that dominated the green. 
I know where you can get your wood, Chris said. 
As soon as the words left his mouth, he realized he was up to his neck in it now. But what the hell, he thought. 
Hornblossom turned from the tree and looked toward Chris. Id be interested in hearin any thoughts ye might have on the matter, he said.
Chris gestured for the two to sit on the wall, where for the next fifteen minutes he detailed his plan. Hornblossom listened closely, asking questions occasionally, but otherwise letting Chris talk. 
Afterward, Hornblossom smiled and said it might just work. He paused a moment before catching Chriss eye and telling him hed make a pirate out of him yet. Chris blushed. When the two stood, the captain turned again and raised his head toward the top of the tall pine. 
That be a foin looking tree ye got there, laddie, Hornblossom said absently. A foin looking tree.
~
Arthur Cobb knew something was up. He didnt know exactly what, and couldnt prove anything anyway. In his darkest moments in the days since the ship disappeared, he wondered if he wasnt just losing his mind. 
On an intellectual level, he knew the park ranger was right. In the ever shifting sands of the Cape, these things came and went all the time. Hed documented that very thing in his books of Cape Cod lore, and talked about it frequently at his many lectures at local libraries and historical society teas up and down the Cape. Why, it had happened only last summer with the bones of the Somerset. Still . . . there was something more going on here than met the eye. He knew it. He didnt know quite how he knew it. But he knew it nonetheless.
First, there was that business of the vandalism. Tool bags left behind with no visible sign of where theyd come from. Saws left embedded in the precious wood of the ship, as if those who had held them simply . . . vanished. Couple that with the bizarre evidence of some kind of fireworks show that very same evening and you were left with . . . what? He didnt know. Hell. Maybe he was losing his mind.
He hadnt dared share his suspicions with either the local cop or the ranger. Frankly, hed been disappointed by both their reactions to the loss of the Lady Grace. Looking back on it, he couldnt help but think both of them were glad it was gone. But that was crazy too, wasnt it?
Of course, neither of them knew it was the Lady Grace, and that was all on him. But it had to be that way, because if the Park Service knew it was the Lady Grace, theyd never have allowed him to remove the ship from the sand. They would have simply left the ship to rot, like they had with the Somerset, let it disappear once again. Sighing, he recalled again Vasa and the Mary Rose, taking whatever solace he could in knowing the Europeans were far more forward thinking about such things. They recognized and understood the importance of saving historical relics for future generations. Americans were obsessed with just . . . leaving things alone. It was quite vexing.
He had put on a brave face for the university president while explaining what had happened. In fact, he told the same story the ranger did, in much the same way. These things happened all the time, he had said. Yes, it was a shame. But perhaps at some future date the ship would reappear again, like the Somerset had, and a new generation of students would have the thrill of discovery!
He hadnt believed a word of it. While speaking, he realized hed been gritting his teeth.
Sighing again, he reached up to scratch his face and felt a six-day growth of beard, evidence of his recent obsession. Looking up, he glanced in the mirror and saw dark rings beneath his eyes and a face lined with sleeplessness. His hair was uncombed and about a month overdue for a haircut. He needed to do something about that. But mostly, he needed a plan, needed a way to smoke out those who had stolen the Lady Grace away from him. For he was certain that that was exactly what had happened.
Well, he thought, staring down at the treasures hed surreptitiously taken from the sand. If someone coveted the Lady Grace enough to first fail, and then succeed in taking her, one had to wonder to just how much trouble theyd go to acquire the treasures laid out before him.
~
It was after midnight when the men assembled down at the marina. There, they were greeted and introduced to the strangely accented men who would be leading the endeavor. The locals were provided instructions, then handed bandanas and other pieces of clothing that would hide their features and identities. There were others who had made the crossing earlier. Similarly attired, they waited anxiously on the other side. 
Some of the men were single, so with the exception of a nosy landlady or a curious mother, they had no problem sneaking out at this late hour. Others were married, and they needed more assistance coming up with plausible excuses about why they were going out so late. The smarter of these men arranged phone calls to each other. One said hed had a late night leak in the basement and needed a hand. Another claimed to be stranded, left with a car that wouldnt start and needing a jump. More than a few said theyd simply had too much to drink and didnt dare drive themselves home. Could a friend help a guy out? 
One or two had difficulty lying to their wives. They simply said theyd found some work. Their wives eyed them suspiciously, fearing the worst. What kind of work, they asked? Their husbands simply shushed them and told them not to worry. It was all on the up and up. And though it really wasnt, they would all be paid handsomely for their efforts, both tonight and for the rest of the summer. In fact, theyd already been paid some. A down payment, it was called. They were all told there was plenty more where that came from. But in order to earn it, you had to put your hand on a Bible and swear yourself to secrecy. Rumpsters were a secretive lot anyway, who minded their own business most of the time, so that hadnt been a problem. And when they saw how theyd be paid, in what manner, most all of them went out and bought a newspaper for the first time in a long time to check the current price of gold.
With the group assembled, each man was assigned to one of a dozen or so boats. The smaller boats were simply transportation for the brawn that was needed to load the cargo onto larger boats, whose holds and decks would be full before the evening was over, if all went well. One by one, motors started, and the boats began to pull away from the dock. On most every boat, a strangely dressed man stood up and took a deep breath, leaning forward to let the wind roll against his face. To a man, each of them smiled, for it had been a long time since any of them had been at sea. 
The happiest of these men stood erect at the bow of Clem Johnsons fishing boat. Hed taken off his now trademark green hat to let the wind whip back his shoulder-length hair. In the darkened wheelhouse behind him, Clem was at the wheel, maneuvering his boat across the narrow channel toward the commercial dock that was their destination. Beside him was his loyal but ever-silent crewmember Perry Winslow. As the boats approached the dock, beneath a smattering of pale yellow floodlights could be seen the treasure theyd come for, stacks and stacks of carefully arranged lumber and plywood, two by fours and eight by sixes, once destined for a condo development going up in Plymouth. Unknown to the developer, who was counting on this material to keep to his timeline, its destination had changed.
Clem waited for the smaller boats to disgorge their passengers, the men who would fill not only Clems hold, but the holds of two other large vessels, men who would empty the dock of its wood and take whatever other material was needed from the lumberyard itself. But Clem also knew the lumberyard was not their only destination that evening, and that other men had been dispatched to a second location to purloin what was necessary to rebuild the ship. 
As if reading his mind, the man who called himself Captain Hornblossom strolled into the wheelhouse. Clem and Perry both nodded their acknowledgment. 
Yer a foin skipper, Mister Johnson. A foin skipper indeed, Hornblossom said.
Clem nodded and turned back to the window, awaiting three quick blinks of a flashlight that was his signal to pull up to the dock.
Ifn ye dont mind me askin, Hornblossom went on, the name has slipped me mind. But what be the name of our other destination this evenin, the mercantile shop I hear so much about. Walleye? Wallfort?
Johnson saw three quick flashes from the end of the dock and revved his motors to pull up alongside. 
Wal-Mart, he answered. Superstores just across the street. They got everything there.
Hornblossom smiled in remembrance. Ah, yes. That be the place. After a moment, he asked incredulously, Everthin, you say?
Johnson nodded. Everything, he answered, turning the wheel sharply to glide alongside the dock. And then some.
~
In his office in downtown Waltham, Massachusetts  another bone of contention between Seth and his father, this staying in Waltham out of loyalty business  Seth reviewed again the medical information from his fathers physical exam and his mood blackened. The old man was healthy as a horse. There was no getting around it. Blood pressure, heart rate, cholesterol, all within the normal and healthy range. Seth himself had to watch all of those things, and that just wasnt fair, he thought, wondering again if hed been adopted. But it was obvious now his father was going to be around for a long time to come.
As soon as he thought those things, he felt some shame and tried to put them out of his mind. Yes, he stood to inherit everything when his father passed on: the house in Florida, the yacht, the estate on the Cape, all his money. Everything. Yet even with his own financial woes, the last thing he wanted to think about was his father going anywhere . . . except off the board of Zimmerman Furniture, that is. Anyway, the guy couldnt live forever, could he? No, Seth could wait for that. But not the other.
Sighing, he set aside the depressing summary of his fathers robust health and picked up the document containing his psychological evaluation. More of the same, he feared. But while reading, his heart rate quickened. His excitement grew. He soon found himself turning quickly to the next page, and the next, and the next. When he had finished reading, he realized the answer to all his problems lay literally within his hand. Because, as he had feared all along  the giraffes being only the latest outward symptom  the man had become seriously unbalanced. 
Sadly, it was no doubt the death of his wife  Seths own mother, God rest her soul  along with his lonely existence out on that Godforsaken place, with nothing to keep him company but his animals, that had conspired to send the poor man over the deep end. Setting the precious document aside, he picked up the phone to call the company lawyer. The management subcommittee of the board also needed to be notified immediately. Four of its six members were already quietly on board for the sale of Zimmerman Furniture to Decatur Heath. 
Before dialing, Seth practiced the appropriate tone in his head, ultimately deciding upon a kind of weary, but hey, it was inevitable, quality. It really was a shame though, Seth thought, that such an otherwise robust and healthy man should spend his last few years in the clutches of dementia. Oh well. You just never know what fate has in store for you. But why his father had chosen pirates as the object of his deranged mind, Seth might never know.
Chapter Twelve
~
Lucas and the rookie Tomlinson got the call. 
The brazen robbery of building materials from the lobster dock and the lumberyard was heinous enough, and they went there first to take their reports. But while there, another call came in, and what had happened to the octogenarian security guard at Wal-Mart really burned Lucass buttons. 
When they arrived, he was still bound, gagged, and tied to a wheelchair in the medical device aisle. The employee who found him had left him that way because she worked in cosmetics, and company policy strictly forbade her from having anything to do with medical devices. 
Lucas complimented her for both following company policy and keeping the evidence intact, such as it was. And what the security guard told them when they finally got his gag off, which took half-an-hour because it was tied with some kind of devilish sailors knot, revealed the trauma of the experience had sent the man off the deep end. The guard was so incoherent, Lucas sent Tomlinson off to the prescription counter to grab the guy a couple of Xanax.
When the store manager arrived, they all went into a narrow backroom to view grainy black and white videos taken from both the parking lot and inside the store. After watching only a few minutes, a now tight-lipped Lucas thought maybe the security guard was onto something. 
The thieves had arrived in a horde, swooping down on the place after the security guard unwittingly opened the door to have a cigarette. Dozens of men wearing bandanas on their faces or hats pulled low swarmed down on the unarmed man. Once inside, they began to loot and pillage selectively. From the camping section, they took every canvas tarp in the place. From sewing, they took needles and thread and piles of loose material. The cutlery section was almost a total loss.
A few minutes into the video, Lucas saw the image shift to a different department, where a lone man stopped a moment to carefully examine the contents. His body language suggested he couldnt believe his eyes. 
What section is that? Lucas asked the manager.
Cutlasses, the man answered.
It took Lucas a moment. 
Cutlasses? he asked.
Cutlasses, the man answered again. 
He turned to Lucas and saw that he still didnt understand. 
You know, he went on. Swords and foils and sheaths and stuff like that. Cutlasses. Youd be surprised what big sellers those things are. Folks like to hang them in the house as decoration. Theyre also big in Revolutionary and Civil War re-enactments. In fact, swords of all kinds are among our companys biggest sellers.
Cutlasses? Lucas asked again.
Cut-la-sses, the man said again, impatient now, drawing out the word as if speaking to a child.
When he got no further comment from the cop, he turned back to the video and watched the mayhem continue in  as much as the cop refused to believe it  the cutlass department. More and more men started to arrive, and before long they all carried out armfuls of the things. To Lucas, their face and head-coverings along with their strange clothing made them look like something from another age. He was on the verge of remembering something important when the manager spoke. 
Hey, you know what they look like? 
After a moment, Lucas answered. Yes, I do. 
With swords in their hands now, you couldnt help but see it. The fact that one or two had begun engaging in friendly but quite masterful swordplay only underscored the image.
They look like pirates! the manager said excitedly. 
Lucas gritted his teeth. It was the exact word the security guard had used to describe them. 
Yes, he answered coolly. Yes, they do. 
In fact, not only had the security guard sworn they were pirates, he said that as they carried out their booty, they began to . . . sing. He said he hadnt recognized the song, but said it was one of those where one man shouted and the rest answered, one man shouted and the rest answered. The chorus went on and on. The guard feared hed hear it ringing in his ears for the rest of his life. He said it went something like:
Ive got a coat and a nobby, nobby coat
Ive got a coat a-seen a lot of rough weather
For the sides are near wore out and the back is flying about
And the linings looking out for better weather.
Of course, the Xanax might have been kicking in about then, so Lucas wasnt sure how much was real and how much was imagination. But seeing it now on the screen, he knew one thing for sure: this needed to be kept under wraps. The last thing he needed was for his town to become the butt of jokes, or worse, people actually believing there was a marauding gang of pirates running around, even if there was. He looked the manager in the eye before laying down the law.
By order of the police department, he began, all information gleaned from these videotapes, which Ill need copies of by the way, and from all witnesses to the crime is hereby ruled strictly confidential, on a need to know basis, and embargoed as evidence in a criminal case. And if any word of this gets out, I will know where it came from and you will fry my friend. Do you understand me? he asked.
The manager had already gone back to looking at the video. 
Yeah, yeah, he answered, unable to turn away from the mayhem on the screen. I guess. But moments later, he just couldnt help himself. Turning to the cop, he said, But they really do look like pirates, dont they?
~
Chris threw himself into his chores that Saturday morning: vacuuming, dusting, doing laundry, and scrubbing toilets and floors like there was no tomorrow. At one point, his mother said hed done more than enough, that he should go outside and enjoy the afternoon. He just shook his head and returned to his scrubbing. The truth was, he still couldnt quite believe it. While working, hed been running the scene over and over in his mind.
Billy Grey, he remembered saying, not quite believing it. So he looked at her and said it again. Youre going with Billy Grey?
Earlier that morning, hed accidentally on purpose bumped into Sarah after waiting outside her grandmothers house for half an hour. Funny, only a few summers ago, he couldnt shake her. Now, when he might like to spend some time with her, she was nowhere to be found. Still, when she came onto the steps and saw him, she smiled. 
Small world! she yelled, before asking where he was going. 
He said he was on his way to Annies Variety to pick up some things for the inn, but had some time to kill. Eventually, he let it slip. 
Hey! You know what? Theyre showing some movie tomorrow night on the green. And if youre not, I mean, if you dont have any other plans, maybe we could go together or something. No big deal either way.
And then, she said it. She was going with Billy Grey. Oh, shed been nice about it, saying they bumped into each other after church. She thought he had a cute accent. The two talked a while and seemed to hit it off. Billy had even come by her house a few times during the week. The two had taken walks on the beach. She said Billy hadnt talked much, but eventually opened up, saying he was an orphan whod grown up in England and sneaked aboard a boat when he was ten. Hed been away at sea ever since. Of course, Sarah wasnt sure how much was true and how much was him simply staying in character. But she thought he was dreamy and exciting. 
Chris wanted to puke.
But the more she talked about him, and from his own experience, the more Chris wondered just how many words Billy had actually gotten in edgewise. He almost smiled to think that anything she allowed Billy to say was merely an excuse for her to listen to his dreamy accent.
But were only going as friends, Sarah said. So you should come with us! Im going to bring a blanket, some snacks, and . . .
Chris glanced at his watch and said he really had to get going. Anyway, he wasnt even sure he was going to the movie, so if he didnt see her, her . . . and Billy, that is . . . they should have themselves a real good time!
Scrub. Scrub. Scrub.
~
Though hed heard rumors and scuttlebutt, the story wasnt in the newspaper until Saturday morning. After hed read it, all of Arthur Cobbs suspicions were confirmed. The story concerned the daring Thursday night robbery of the staging dock, where tens of thousands of dollars worth of building equipment had been heisted: planks and boards and lumber. The story also included a curious hodgepodge of other items stolen: decorative brass fittings, fasteners, spikes and bolts, and rope. Lots and lots of rope.
By itself, Arthur knew it didnt mean anything. But among his acquaintances was the brother-in-law of a man who worked security at the Wal-Mart down the street from the lumberyard. Gathered last evening for their weekly poker game, the man told an astonishing tale of something else that had taken place that same night. Though it wasnt in the papers  no doubt Wal-Mart keeping things close to the vest  men who apparently fancied themselves pirates raided the store after closing and taken equally curious things. Among that which theyd taken was as much canvas as they could lay their hands on, and sewing equipment. Though Arthur asked, the man couldnt answer, not sure whether theyd taken any or not. But the fact it wasnt included in the news report clinched it for Arthur. The men had taken brass fittings and spikes and fasteners. But they hadnt taken any nails.
He almost smiled at the brazenness. It was almost as brazen as his own scheme. But he didnt smile, because he had planned to do it legal and proper, with the full backing of both the university and the Park Service. When he was finished with it, the ship would have become a public trust. One that people would have to pay to see, no doubt. But still. His mind raced with possibilities. The robberies were local, so that meant the ship hadnt gone far. But where could it be? Who would have the motive and the opportunity . . . no, that wasnt right. The question was, who would have the resources to pull it off? The more he thought about it, the more only one name came to mind. 
Of course, that didnt make any sense either. The retired furniture dealer had never shown any interest in such things. Their own difficulties were long behind them. Even so, perhaps he had dismissed motive too quickly. Maybe the man still bore him a grudge. It seemed the man never left the Rump, so he had the opportunity. Most importantly, he had the resources. Arthur knew he was the only one on the island who did. 
The more he thought about it, the less sense it made, therefore, the more certain of it he became. But even if it wasnt the furniture dealer, it didnt matter. He felt sure he could smoke out whoever it was.
Before reaching for the phone, he pondered for a moment sharing what he knew with Officer Lucas or with Quinn, the park ranger. But remembering their almost callous attitude when the ship went missing, he dismissed the idea. In fact, looking back on that morning, the two seemed almost relieved to be rid of it. Besides, he was starting to think the local cop was an idiot.
He removed a business card from his breast pocket and dialed the number, scratching his beard while the phone rang. Glancing down at himself, he realized hed been in the same clothes for three days now at least. It occurred to him too he hadnt showered in a while and might be a little ripe. Oh well, he thought. If this works out, Ill have a nice excuse to shave and shower and put on new clothes. Dont want my own hygiene to derail the plan. 
The phone rang four times before a terse voice said hello.
Hello, is this Brad Cullen? Arthur asked in his sweetest tone. Of the Cape Cod Times? After the man answered in the affirmative, Arthur went on. 
You may not remember me, but my name is Arthur Cobb. You interviewed me about that ship unearthed on the Rump last spring? Yes, yes, I know. It does seem to have washed away again. But  and I tell you this in the strictest confidence, off the record and all that  the storm that washed it away seems to have unearthed a treasure trove of additional artifacts that are currently in my possession. Yes, yes, I know. The sea giveth and the sea taketh, right? Anyway, I suspect these might just be interesting enough that theyd make a marvelous story, and wonder if youd have any interest in it. You would! Oh, thats marvelous . . .
~
Chris did go to the movie on Saturday night, though he showed up a little late. Scheduled to begin at sundown, he left his house just after eight-thirty, when only the barest wisp of light remained in the sky. Stepping onto his porch, he looked to the sky and remembered just a few days from now was the summer solstice, the longest day of the year. It was among his favorite days. But he also knew that a gloom would settle over him for a day or two afterward, because after that, the days got shorter as they began their inexorable slouch toward winter. But even knowing that, as he stepped off his porch that evening, he was surprised to find he still looked forward to that day like Christmas.
The green was only a few blocks from the inn, so he had taken barely a few steps when he began hearing the disembodied voices of the cinematic pirates. Halfway there, he nodded to a young couple hurrying in that direction. Moving closer, while listening to the onscreen pirates, he was surprised to find theyd gotten it more right than maybe they even imagined. The clipped cadence. That strange amalgam of accents. Chriss pirates tended to drop their Gs and Ds at the end of words, but damn if the movie makers hadnt gotten very close indeed. 
Nearer the green, he began to hear loud laughter and raucous cheering that revealed the entire crew of the Lady Grace had come to the movies, and Chris smiled, knowing they were in for a treat. He figured Hornblossom was giving them some time off for a job well done. Chris knew all about the success of their mission the other night. It had, after all, been his idea.
Approaching the green, he surprised himself by feeling excited, and began to ponder his strange emotions of earlier in the day. It was silly of him to be jealous of Billy, for a number of reasons. First, Chris didnt think he truly had a romantic interest in Sarah, though it had been nice to brush up against her and hold her hand. But really, that wasnt much to base a relationship on. Second, Billy was most assuredly NOT going to be available for any sort of long term romance, even if things did spark between them. Third, they only had the summer, and Chris was busy anyway, working at the inn and helping his mother. So let them have their romance. What did he care?
Turning the corner, he saw the large screen hung in its usual place, at the end of the green nearer the church. On screen, a pirate ship sailed through a brutal storm. There were probably more than a hundred people scattered throughout the green, on blankets and in lawn chairs, all situated so the tall pine in the middle didnt block their view. Kids were running about here and there. Vendors selling popcorn and hot dogs and ice cream had their carts on the sidewalk. Just then, Chris heard booing and hissing mixed with Bronx cheers and saw up on the screen now was the British captain, sworn enemy of the pirates. Smiling, Chris leaped up on the wall and wandered onto the grass, keeping his eyes peeled for Sarah and Billy and the rest of the crew.
There ye are, laddie! came a familiar shout. Looking to his left, Chris saw Hornblossom sitting in a lawn chair surrounded by his crew, who were lying on blankets or simply on the grass. In a chair beside him sat Barney Zimmerman, who smiled at Chriss approach. Chris thought he looked as happy as hed ever seen him.
Hornblossom stood, and when Chris was a few feet away, the captain put his hand daintily behind his back and began executing his bow. Chris turned away, embarrassed by it as usual. He saw Sarah on a blanket to his right. Catching his eye, she smiled. Billy was there too, and he smiled and nodded as well.
Gentlemen, gentlemen, Hornblossom shouted. 
Some of the folks on blankets nearby shushed, but the captain paid them no mind. The crew settled down from their own raucous talking a moment to turn their attention to the captain.
By now, no doubt, ye all know young Master Christopher. But what ye may not know is he be the brains behind the events of the other evenin. It was his idea that give us all we need to rebuild our ship and to ultimately make our voyage home.
Bending over, Hornblossom picked up a plastic cup, then raised it in his direction. Capturing Chriss eye before going on, he said, An so, gentlemen, let us raise a glass to this young lad and give him our best. Hip Hip . . .
Hooray! the crew shouted, raising their own cups and cheering in Chriss direction. There was more shushing from nearby blankets, but the crew paid no attention. After taking long slugs from their drinks, they walked over and began pounding Chris on the back.
When that was finished, Hornblossom caught his eye again and tipped his cap before taking his seat next to Barney and turning his attention back to the screen. The crew also returned to their conversations, their catcalling and shouting. Chris turned and headed for Sarahs blanket. 
Hey, she said, smiling. 
Chris returned the hey and the smile. Turning, he nodded toward Billy as well, asking how he was. Foin now, thanks to you, he said. 
Chris looked away, embarrassed, while up on the screen, a swordfight played out. He turned to Sarah. Having fun? he asked sincerely. 
Her eyes smiled back as she nodded. These guys are great! I mean, Ive never seen anything like it before.
Chris smiled. Neither have I, he said. Believe me. Neither have I.
Sarah still looked puzzled about something. 
What is it? he asked.
She took a moment to compose her question. What did they mean by all that? she asked. The other night stuff? And the cheer?
Chris simply shrugged and turned to glance at the crew. All of them appeared to be having fun. He knew that most were seeing a movie for the first time. He stopped to wonder if they understood it was only a show, a play, or did they think it documented something that really happened?
Of course, he realized immediately that was a stupid thing to think, because it had really happened, and these were the men who had lived it. In answer to Sarah, he turned and shrugged again. 
Pirates, he said dismissively. Who ever knows what theyre up to? He sent a wink and a smile her way before turning back to the screen.
Chapter Thirteen
~
Lucas hadnt thought about the counterfeit coins until that night, when he emptied his pockets to put his change on the dresser and found two more of them. After thinking it over, he realized they couldve come from any one of the half dozen or so places hed stopped into that day: McGarveys, the supermarket, the dry cleaner. Anywhere. He raised them to the light, and beneath some sort of caked on blackish-green substance, he could just make out a letter or two along with the number 8. Kicking himself, he opened his drawer to take out the coins hed been given that day at McGarveys. 
Frankly, he hadnt thought them a big deal at the time. Maybe just kids having a little fun. But now, he wondered if maybe there wasnt something bigger going on, somebody trying to pass off worthless third-world currency in this country. He kicked himself again to realize this was Federal stuff he was dealing with, the purview of guys with short haircuts who wore white socks and black suits. By dismissing it as nothing, hed already blown it once. That was no way to make detective.
Laying all six coins side by side, he noted how cheaply they were made and the lack of grooves on the sides. No, he was certain now thats what was happening. Someone was trying to pass off worthless Mexican or Panamanian or Peruvian coins as legal tender right here in the good old U.S. of A. He was sure of it.
Clever idea, really. Great way to stretch a dollar. 
But counterfeiting was serious stuff indeed, and not something he would tolerate in his jurisdiction. He remembered there was a coin dealer in town, whose business he passed most every day on his way to the Rump. Lucas had never been in his shop, but made a mental note to stop by there to see if the guy had any idea which banana republic these coins came from. 
He also pondered for a moment simply throwing them in the bay and pretending hed never seen them before. That would be easier than explaining why hed sat on them for weeks and done nothing. Then again, he had no leads on either the dock theft or the Wal-Mart heist. He needed to do something to raise his profile. He had sensed for a while now he was getting the subtle brushoff from both the chief and his colleagues. Nothing he could really put his finger on, mind you. Just conversations that stopped when he entered a room, laughter that ceased suddenly when they saw him there. Might be he was just being paranoid, but even so. He needed to do something to change his fortunes. So yes, he would stop into that coin dealers first chance he got. 
Feeling better about himself, he glanced in the mirror and imagined himself in one of those Federal black suits with white socks, and you know what? He could just see it.
~
With the coming of the Fourth of July, summer was officially in full swing on the Rump. Restaurants and galleries were packed with diners and shoppers. The beaches were filled with sunbathers and swimmers. Even his familys inn was booked solid most every night. Working the inn was more than a full-time job for Chris in the summertime: helping at the front counter, working in the kitchen, and acting as chambermaid and valet and gopher. Julie Rovner was on full-time. Bill Foley and Misty Rowling spent lots of time there too. 
Another reason Chris especially loved the summer was because it was also his mothers favorite time of year. Not so much because she was making more money, but because she was a born hostess who was at her best when there were people to host. But the money didnt hurt.
On the Fourth itself, he managed to escape the inn late in the morning and head downtown for the annual Fun Fest on the green, and the parade, such as it was. And it wasnt much. There was always a fire engine or two, a couple of floats, the boy scouts, and a high school band from the mainland. They gathered at the end of Sea Street, across from the Captains Cove and the tourist shops, then marched the few blocks up Sea Street and then down Beach Drive to the green. Chris knew it was pretty lame. Still, he wouldnt have missed it for the world. 
He saw Sarah and smiled in greeting. They had arranged to meet halfway between her house and his before finding a place to watch the parade. 
Hey, stranger! she said. Theyd seen each other only once since that night at the movies. Hey, yourself, Chris answered. Lets go!
The two wandered through the crowded sidewalks toward the green, already packed with people jockeying for the best view. 
The sidewalks and streets were filled with vendors selling food and flags and all manner of patriotic ephemera. They did battle with street performers and clowns and jugglers for position on the scarce real estate. Bumping Sarahs arm, he pointed for her to turn to see the guy dressed as Uncle Sam on stilts pass by.
You want something? he asked, motioning to the food vendors. The smell of fried dough and sausage and peppers was thick in the air, and he vowed to have one of everything before the day was through.
Nah, Im good, she answered.
Down the street, they heard the brass band tuning up. 
Wheres Billy? he asked. 
She shrugged. Havent seen much of him. Talked to him after church last Sunday, though. Says hes real busy with something.
Chris nodded, knowing full well what Billy was busy with. But come to think of it, aside from church, he hadnt seen much of any of them on his infrequent trips outside the inn. Something else hed noticed about church was that lots of Rumpsters he usually saw there were missing in action. 
On the other hand, he knew most of those missing were ones hed identified as having a hard time making ends meet. He smiled to himself, taking that as a good sign, imagining there was very little time to spare for church. He reminded himself to make time to visit the boathouse one of these days.
A crash of cymbals signaled the parade was underway. Folks along the route cheered as sirens began to blare. Moments later, through the crowd, Chris saw the bright red sheen of an old fire engine. After it passed came a group of baton twirlers, who stopped in front of Sarah and Chris to put on a show. Behind them was the first float, sponsored by a local car dealer, with a woman playing Betsy Ross sitting in the middle of a flatbed truck knitting a huge flag made of red, white, and blue flowers.
After that came a high school marching band playing the theme from Rocky, followed by a group of men dressed in white, juggling bowling pins. Then came the boy scouts, followed by a hilarious float sponsored by the Pump, the bar down by the shore. On the back of their flatbed truck theyd recreated perfectly that famous painting of the signing of the Declaration of Independence, but with a purely Pump angle. The well-powdered and obviously cross-dressing John Hancock wore Marie Antoinette hair and a long pink frock. Their Ben Franklin was likely more manly than the real one had ever been in life, played by a woman who was built like a linebacker. Thomas Jefferson wore his trademark powdered wig, but it was anybodys guess what gender he was.
Another marching band followed, and Chris knew the short parade was almost over. He began to hear cheering and whistles from down the street. Everyone stood on tiptoes trying to get a glimpse of what it was. He couldnt see anything except the cab of a truck slowly making its way up the street, but a moment later he recognized the white haired man waving from the passenger seat and smiled to see Barney Zimmerman. Whatever it was, his float was getting the most effusive cheers. Then, through gaps opened by crowds of people rushing toward it, he saw it.
Rising majestically from the back of the flatbed was a pirate ship made entirely of living things. Its palm tree masts were festooned with purple lilacs. The billowing sails were made of sheets of green sod. As it moved closer, like he knew he would, Chris saw the crew of the Lady Grace, all manning their stations while waving and throwing beads to the crowd. But their appearance had changed. They looked different. It took more than a moment for him to realize it was their clothes. Gone were the silly hand-me-downs taken from the giveaway bin at the church. They were now dressed in proper pirate costumes, though costume wasnt the right word, for Chris knew this was how they should be dressed. And the captain was the best dressed of all.
He stood resplendent in a crisply bent black tricorn cap, a fine blue waistcoat, a delicately frilly shirt with blousy sleeves, and maroon pantaloons shoved into fine leather boots. From his perch on the upper deck, he shouted commands to the men below who manned chrysanthemum cannons. Chris watched Billy use a long stick to shove something inside the cannons, and then a gunner named Richards set fire to them. 
Moments later, the cannon exploded, sending hundreds of dollar bills floating into the air. The crowd screeched with delight, shoving and pushing to pluck their booty from the air or pick it up off the ground. A moment later, Hornblossom saw him. After catching his eye, the captain removed his hat and waved it in salute before putting his arm behind his back and bowing deeply. When he stood up again, Chris couldnt help himself. Putting his right arm behind his back, he delicately raised his left and bowed deeply in return.
~
Seth waited until ten-thirty P.M. to make the call. Turnabout was fair play, after all. It didnt matter, because as expected, Pickett was still at his desk. He picked up the phone after the first ring. 
Pickett. Talk to me.
As usual, Seth heard heavy metal clicks in the background, what he knew was the sound of the eighth richest man in the world entering data into Lotus 1-2-3. He had been curious about the loud clicks, so he asked his IT Director about them. Seth was told the original IBM PC had come with a metal keyboard. 
Calvin, he began smoothly. Seth Zimmerman here. Hope Im not disturbing you?
There was a pause for a few more clicks before Pickett answered.
Course not, Sparky! How the hell are you?
Very well, Mister Pickett. Very well indeed. In fact, Im pleased to say Ive got some good news to report. 
More clicks, and then, I like hearing good news, son, Pickett said. Shoot.
Seth cleared his throat before he began. 
I am pleased to inform you that the Board of Zimmerman Furniture has voted to accept your offer to become a part of Decatur Heath. Simple matter now of finalizing the contracts and were done.
He heard more loud clicking, as if Pickett had put the phone down to access the @ sign, which Seth remembered from college was yet another of Lotus 1-2-3s many quirks.
Son, Pickett said. That is wonderful news. Simply wonderful. Couldnt be happier. But . . . I gotta ask . . .
Seth was surprised at the hesitation. It wasnt something the always assured Pickett normally did. In fact, Seth remembered then it might well have been one of his rules. Hesitation equals weakness or some such thing. Yes? Seth asked. What is it?
Well, Pickett began. Just surprised Barney went along, is all. No need to tell you Zimmerman has been on my radar screen for a long time. But he has shunned all my more than reasonable offers. Tell me, how did he vote?
Seth wasnt prepared for this, so hed just have to wing it. 
Im afraid . . . my father has not been in the best of health lately. Its . . . well, his mind is going, Im afraid. In fact, it saddens me to say that prior to voting for the acquisition, the board was forced to invoke Article B of its charter, stripping my father of the chairmanship.
And oh boy, Seth thought, that hadnt been easy. Hearing of his fathers illness, the old timers on the board thought it more than a little sleazy to invoke this brand new article, one that Seth had managed to insert only last year. Some of them thought Barney should have the opportunity to defend himself. 
Seth gently reminded them that his father was chairman in name only, that he had not attended board meetings in some time, and alas, the article was quite clear. It was the personnel committee, in consultation with the doctor, that made the final judgment, a fact Seth reminded them was also made clear when they voted for it. If any of them were thinking that Seth himself chaired the personnel committee, they were too much the gentlemen and ladies to say it. But whats done was done. In the end, Seth eked out a one-vote majority.
Sorry to hear that, son. Pickett said. Truly sorry to hear that. Happens to lots of folks. Wont happen to me, though. Know why?
Seth waited a moment, thinking it might have been rhetorical, before remembering the man didnt work that way. Why? he asked.
The Jumble! Pickett answered, a clear note of annoyance in his voice. Do it every day without fail. Keeps the mind sharp! His tone turned frostier when he added, Surprised you didnt know that, son.
Seth felt beads of sweat break out on his forehead. God, it was going to be a long year. Why is that? he asked tentatively.
Pickett sighed. Its in my book, son. Number ninety-two. An executive has to keep his mind sharp at all times. But I am telling you now, just so theres no misunderstanding, you are gonna be able to recite chapter and verse of my book before I am done with you. Do you understand me? Chapter and verse, my friend.
Sweat dripped down Seths face. Looking forward to it! he replied, wiping it away. 
~
For more than a week, Arthur Cobb went out to buy the paper each day with excitement, only to return home disappointed. But on this day, he walked to the rack and saw his own smiling and clean-shaven face staring out at him from above the fold. Marvelous! he thought. Grabbing two copies, he set them face up on the counter and wondered if the gum-chewing clerk would notice. But she simply gave him his change and went back to looking bored. Oh well, he thought. Nothing was going to dampen his happiness on this day. He waited until he was comfortably situated in his chair at home before reading it. Local Historian Finds Treasure! was the title of the article, and it was everything hed hoped. 
Before the reporter arrived, he had carefully selected and laid out the artifacts hed chosen to make public on his coffee table: two daggers, a sword, belt buckles, a copper teaspoon, pipe stems, and his piece de resistance, the ships bell. He was careful not to let the reporter look too closely at the bell, for fear hed be able to make out the name. The article read:
They were the simple things of everyday life: knives, belt buckles, spoons, pipes, and a ships bell. But to local historian Arthur Cobb, they are a window into a long forgotten time, a veritable treasure trove that reveals how lives were lived a hundred years ago and, according to him, maybe longer ago than that.
A retired professor of history, Cobb had been in charge of excavating the wreck of an old wooden ship that washed up on Nutmeg Hollow at Sullys Rump last March, though he downplays his own role. 
I was simply trying to be helpful, Cobb said. I have certain skills, and happened to be in the right place at the right time. 
That place brought him tantalizingly close to identifying the ship itself, first thought to be an old barge or modified schooner that might have been used to ferry coal or lumber along the coast of the Cape at the turn of the last century. 
But the ship so intrigued Cobb that in addition to leading the excavation, he served as liaison between the Park Service, who technically owned the wreck, and a local college, who had expressed interest in bringing the wreck to their campus to serve as a kind of living laboratory for their maritime archeology program. 
All those plans were put on permanent hiatus when the ship disappeared again after another storm in May. But the storm did unearth a number of artifacts that escaped earlier excavation efforts. 
The sands of Cape Cod reveal their secrets in their own time, Cobb said. And the storm that washed away the ship was kind enough to grace us with these items.
Cobb went on to say he would continue his preservation efforts before contacting the Park Service to see what they wanted done with them. The National Seashore belongs to the Park Service, Cobb said. They alone will decide in which museum these artifacts ultimately reside.
However, Cobb remains disheartened that the ship went missing when they were so close to identifying what it was, and now thinks the ship might have been far older than first reported. 
Who knows? Cobb said. Perhaps now, well never know. But sometimes, in my wildest imaginings, I think somebody out there does know, and someday, with the help of lady grace, perhaps shell come back to me.
Cobb laughed aloud after reading the last line. He had hoped against hope theyd use it, writing and rewriting it to ensure it had a certain poetic something. Now, if his suspicions were true, all he had to do was wait.
Chapter Fourteen
~
Three days after they arrived, Chris called Sarah and invited her to come with him. It would be his first visit to Barneys in weeks. There were three things he wanted to see. The first two had arrived by boat. Chris wouldve given anything to have been there the day they were harnessed and then lifted three stories above the clay bluffs to be placed gently on the rolling lawn above. Fortunately, a photographer for the newspaper had been there, and Chris had cut out the photos of the giant beasts looking somewhat annoyed, but ultimately bemused by their new surroundings.
Theyre beautiful, Sarah conceded as the two stood outside the now completed enclosure, watching the two giraffes browse the acacia planted in abundance in their vicinity.
They are, Chris agreed. They truly are.
The animals occasionally nuzzled each others necks, but mostly kept to themselves on opposite sides of their pen. 
How tall are they? Sarah asked.
The shorter ones the cow, Chris answered. Guess shes about fifteen feet. Taller ones the bull, and hes about seventeen.
Wow, Sarah said. Stupid question, but why on Earth do they have such long necks?
Chris smiled. Not so stupid, really. Theres actually some debate about that. The obvious answer would be they developed them to graze on tall foliage, giving them an advantage. But one day, someone noticed they hardly ever did that. Mostly, they bend over like theyre doing now to graze on stuff closer to the ground.
So what do they think now? Sarah asked.
Chris was embarrassed to answer, but figured what the hell. 
Now, they think it might be sexual. Before they mate, the bulls engage in these battles with their necks to see whos more dominant. The bigger and more powerful the neck, the more dominant the male. Plus, the male sniffs the females pee to see if shes ready to have a kid. Again, the longer the neck, the better advantage the bull has.
Kinky, Sarah said, smiling. 
Chris smiled too. Hey, you know us guys. Well do just about anything . . . 
After Sarah whacked him gently on the arm, the two leaned on the fence in companionable silence a while before Chris decided it was time to broach the subject.
You know, theres something else I want to show you. I havent even seen it myself yet. But before I do, you have to cross-your-heart and hope-to-die promise youll keep it to yourself.
Sounds kinky, Sarah said.
It was Chriss turn to swat her on the arm. Im serious. I mean, I cant tell you everything because theres . . . well . . . the possibility that some of it might be illegal. He wondered if that was the understatement of the year before going on. But before I say anything, you gotta cross your heart.
Sarah rolled her eyes. Okay. I cross my heart.
Chris didnt believe her because, for one thing, she didnt cross her heart. After making her do that and then making her say hope-to-die, the two left the giraffe pen and walked across the wide expanse of lawn toward the boat house. 
Along the way, they passed the grazing llamas, and Chris thought something about them looked curious. After a moment, he realized theyd been shorn of all their hair. He wondered about that, not remembering if that was something the zoologists did every summer, perhaps to keep them cool. He smiled to think he was pretty sure Barney wasnt making sweaters. Then again, with him, anything was possible.
Halfway there, they began to hear banging and shouts and the sounds of construction from within the boathouse. 
Sounds like theyre building something, Sarah said.
Chris smiled. You have no idea, he replied.
~
Their eyes needed little time to adjust from the bright sunshine outside to the brilliant overhead lights inside the boathouse. The sleek yacht Pamela occupied the slip nearest the door they had entered, yet even she was dwarfed by the size of the boathouse. Looking up, Chris saw on the bow of the Pamela stood white uniformed officers, sipping coffee and leaning over the rail to watch something happening off their port side. Chris began leading Sarah down the metal stairways that led to the gangways that led to the slips. 
Whats going on? Sarah asked, shouting a little to be heard over the banging and clanging echoing throughout the building. Chris didnt know quite where to begin. 
Remember that ship I found in the sand? he said. The one I told you about?
He watched her nod as the two walked beneath Pamelas sharp prow. Once beyond it, they had an unobstructed view across to the far end of the boathouse. There, in the farthermost of the three slips, hovering in the air like a spectral ghost ship, was the Lady Grace herself. 
It took Chris a moment to realize she wasnt really floating in the air, but was propped up by a slipway. On her near side, the starboard, huge beams were spaced at an angle every few feet that pressed against her hull. Her port side rested on a series of ramps spaced evenly apart. The effect was that the opposing forces kept the ship level  and airborne  while being constructed. Well, reconstructed, he thought. It soon became obvious to him that when she was ready to float, it was simply a matter of greasing the ramps, opening the floor to the open sea, and removing the beams that held her aloft. She would then slide down the ramps and plop gently into the water. He guessed that was the idea, anyway. But he smiled to think that if the men on the Pamela happened to be sipping coffee on their bow that day, they had better have brought a change of clothes.
But what astonished Chris the most was the hull appeared almost complete. The side not visible to him now had been mostly intact when hed found it, and though he couldnt see it, he assumed work had been done to bolster, repair, or replace much of that ancient wood. But the side that was visible to him, the starboard, hadnt been there at all only a few short weeks ago. Now, only a few small patches of yellowish lumber and plywood peeked through here and there revealing the repairs. The rest of her was black.
Among the dozens of workers scurrying here and there was a man who remained stationary in the middle of the now covered middle slip, stirring a boiling cauldron of something or other. Chris recognized it was the African pirate named John. He never seemed to talk much  in fact, Chris couldnt remember him uttering a single word  but he seemed well respected by his pirate peers. 
He watched John pull the stick from the goo and sniff it before letting it drip back into the pot. Apparently unsatisfied with something, he reached into a bucket by his side and dropped fistfuls of fur or hair into the steaming pot and stirred it again. Chris realized that explained the tar-like smell hed noticed when entering the boathouse. He remembered from his night of Internet sleuthing that ships of this age often had two layers of planking. The outer layer took most of the wear and tear and was easily replaced. A mixture of pitch and animal hair was slathered in between layers to keep worms from infesting the hull. That was no doubt the substance the men on ladders were plastering all over the ship. He smiled to realize it solved another mystery too, that of the llamas missing hair. Turning to Sarah, he saw her eyes were wide.
Shes called the Lady Grace, Chris said. She sank in a storm back in the seventeen-hundreds. Barney is . . . well, hes bankrolling the rebuilding. But like I said, its real secret. Cant leave this room. Okay? He watched her smile.
Hope to die, she answered, with wonder in her voice. 
Chris smiled too before grabbing her arm. Come on. Lets check it out.
They began making their way across the gangway toward the ship. From the ground, they saw far more activity than met the naked eye above. All around them was a symphony of sound: endless banging and shouts and the sound of machines. In one corner, longtime Rumpster Fred Granger worked a band saw, cutting dowels into smaller pieces and dropping them into a basket below. A man standing nearby waited for the basket. When it was filled, he ran off with it. Moments later, another man showed up with an empty basket and the cycle repeated. Chris pointed. 
Hes making the nails, he said. Theyre building the ship exactly as it wouldve been built back in the day. Real nails were hard to come by, so most of these ships were built with what were called tree nails, made of wood.
Beyond Fred and his machine were a dozen cots, half of them now occupied by sleeping and snoring men who seemed oblivious to the noise around them. It was a true twenty-four hour operation, Chris realized, and it was smart to give the men a place to rest. To the right of the cots was a food station, where women were handing out sandwiches or hot meals to the dozen or so men waiting in line. 
Beyond that sat women at long tables running sewing machines. Chris smiled to see hovering nearby were the Holcombe sisters, the ladies Hornblossom had so charmed in church on Easter Sunday. They appeared to be in charge of the women making pants, shirts, and other garments for the pirates journey home. If they hadnt already, Chris knew at some point, these women and machines would be tasked with sewing together dozens of canvas tarps into arrays of sail.
He recognized most everybody. It seemed like more than half the town was here. He saw Paul Wilson and Ron Fernald, and the fisherman, Clem and Perry. At one point, Chris caught the eye of the inns handyman, Bill Foley, who had turned from the food counter and was carrying a sandwich and some coffee back to one of the tables. Upon seeing Chris, Bill winked and smiled. There was nothing for Chris to do but wink and smile back. Moments later, they heard a shout from above. 
Hlo down there!
Looking up, Chris and Sarah saw a blackened something holding a paintbrush and bucket waving at them from a ladder beneath the hull of the Lady Grace. Chris turned to Sarah at the same moment she turned to him, and they both said it at the same time. 
Billy.
Laughing, by the time they turned back, Billy had already scampered down the ladder and was now heading toward them. Covered in the mixture of black tar and hair, he looked like a creature from another world.
You oughta be more careful with that stuff, you know. Sarah said.
Billy smiled. So did Chris when he saw the whiteness of Billys teeth  which werent all that white to begin with  standing in stark contrast to the blackness of his face. 
Don know bout that, Billy replied playfully. Because every time Im careful, I get yelled at. Slap it librally! they say, so thats what Im doin.
I cant believe how much progress youve made, Chris said.
Billy turned to appraise the ship. Don quite believe it meself. Course, theres still another layer of plankin to do. But the capn, he be driven. An with all the help were gettin from yer townsfolk, I expect we may jes make it.
Just then, they heard another shout from above. This one had an edge of cruelty in it. 
Get yer arse back up here boy, it said. Don recall anyone sayin it be break time.
Chris recognized the voice by the time he looked up. Even beneath the blackness and the fur he would have recognized Sykes sneer, the man who would be captain. If anything, Chris thought, Sykes appeared even more covered in hairy goo than Billy. He wondered a moment if this lowly, backbreaking work was continued punishment for his attempted mutiny, and of course he knew it was. But Billy just smiled. 
Hes right, ya know. Gotta get back! 
He had already turned when Sarah asked him, When are we going to see you again? He was a rung or two up the ladder when he answered.
Saturday night. Hear tell there be a frightenin exhibition of dangerous beasties down the green. 
Chris and Sarah turned to each other, then both understood at the same time and smiled. Jurassic Park. 
Anyhow, Billy went on, halfway up the ladder now. Captain says we complete the pitchin an hell spare us the evenin. So, Lord willin, Ill see ya then!
Chris took one last look around. He really wanted a peek inside the ship, but that could wait for another time. 
Well, he said. We should probably go. Dont want to get in the way.
Sarah nodded, and the two started back the way they had come.
~
The bells on the door jingled as Lucas stepped out of Liberty Coin. The visit had made him more certain than ever there was a counterfeiting ring on the Rump. Hed already concluded by deduction that the Rump was the only place he could have acquired the coins that ended up in his pocket. Mightve been McGarveys. Or maybe Annies Variety. Hell, it could have been the Cove for all he knew. But he knew now that whoever it was, they were getting sloppy.
After walking into the coin shop, a man stepped out from the back office to greet him at the counter. He raised his eyebrows and said, Can I help you? 
Lucas removed the coins from his breast pocket and set them on the counter. The man took one glance at them before he spoke.
Peruvian. Eight reale, he said. 
That was all. The man seemed almost bored by them, as if reciting the facts by rote. There was more going on here than met the eye, Lucas realized then. But he wasnt yet ready to show his hand.
I gotta say, you dont seem all that surprised, Lucas said, keeping his voice neutral. To his surprise, the man smiled.
Buddy, these are showing up all over the place.
Lucas knew that, but tried not to let it show.
In fact, the coin dealer went on. Youre, oh, I dont know, the tenth or eleventh person to come in here with these in the last month. Its almost as if . . . 
He stopped as if he didnt want to say anything more. 
Lucas didnt want to play hardball, but would if he had to. 
Go on, he said.
The man actually blushed. 
Well . . . its stupid I know, but its almost like theyre being used as some sort of currency. I mean, they are everywhere. Everywhere! Got one myself just the other day. Wouldnt have believed it if I hadnt seen it with my own eyes.
You and me both, brother, Lucas thought, as the man went on. 
But hell, thereve been so many new coins lately, I can see how people might get confused. First, it was Susan B. Anthony, then Sacagawea. Now, theyve got that presidents series. Have you seen those? Got a James K. Polk recently handed to me as change. James K. Polk! Im telling you, if James K. Polk can get himself on a dollar, then anyone can.
Lucas had no opinion on James K. Polk and so remained silent. Instead, he reached into his pocket for his notepad. 
Would you mind telling me exactly when the first of these showed up, and the names of the people who came in with them?
The man got suddenly less chatty. Cant say as I got any names, but . . . wait. Come to think of it, I did get one, and it was the first of them I saw. I remember because he was only a kid. Came in here about a month, maybe a month and a half ago.
A kid, you say? Lucas asked. Curiouser and curiouser.
Thats right. Fourteen, maybe fifteen. Had some kind of speech impediment too, or maybe it was a funny accent of some sort. Hell, I dont remember. But he said he got the coin from his grandfather.
Lucas was getting impatient. The name? he asked.
The man searched his mind. Said it was . . . William . . . no. Wait. Not that. Billy was what he said. Billy Grey. Blond kid. Seemed okay.
Lucas wrote down the name and closed his notebook. After taking the coins from the counter, he thanked the man for his time and turned for the door. 
Wait! Dont you wanna know more about the coin? the man asked.
Lucas kept walking. Hed already had his suspicions confirmed: Peruvian, worth eight whatevers in Peru. Worth nothing here. Less than nothing, he thought. Being passed off as dollars on the Rump. Maybe even hitting the mainland, if what the coin guy said was true. This was big. Really big. Clever boy, this Billy Grey. Hell, maybe grandpa was in on it too.
He thought for a moment it might be time to bring this matter to his superiors, maybe even the Feds. But there was that little matter of him sitting on it for several weeks, and he just couldnt bring himself to do that. Not yet anyway. He needed an ironclad case before he brought it to anyone. And though hed never heard the name before and didnt know the kid, hed keep his ear to the ground. Boy, would he keep his ear to the ground.
~
The article was waiting on the kitchen table when Chris got home. Cut out of the newspaper with scissors, it spanned two pages. Above the article on the first page was a photo of a smiling Arthur Cobb. On the inside page was a photo of some loot laid out on his coffee table. Chris almost smiled to realize that Arthur hadnt shared any of these finds with him: a sword, some daggers, bits and pieces of other stuff. Most of all, there was the bell. The ships bell. This was big, he knew. This was really big. 
Cobb had absolutely no idea what he was getting himself involved in, Chris thought. But he would do what he could anyway. Still, after reading the article, Chris couldnt help it, and the word escaped his lips before he could stop it. 
Bastard, he said.
He noticed only then that a corner of the first page had been turned down. Turning it up, he saw a word written in the corner in his mothers handwriting. 
Bastard, it read.
~
Book IV
Would not every boy, for instance  that is every boy of any account  rather be a pirate captain than a Member of Parliament?
 Howard Pyle
Chapter Fifteen
~
Summer flew by, as only summers can. 
It was mid-summer by the time Chris recalled with some shame his dread that Sarah was coming, and now he tried to spend as much time with her as possible. They bumped into each other every now and then, and met each Saturday night at the movies on the green, reveling in the pirates wonderment or fear of whatever was going on up on the screen. They laughed to see Billy cover his eyes during tyrannosaur chases or shark sightings, and smiled at his simple joy of seeing an alien make friends with a little girl. And on a night that most who were there will never forget, the crew of the Lady Grace were at their most rambunctious the night that good did battle with evil using light sabers. Some things never changed, Chris thought.
It was past mid-summer by the time Chris remembered he hadnt yet engaged in one of his secret summer pleasures, but alas, not one hed want to share with Sarah. After finishing his morning chores, he made himself some lunch, then wandered down the street and into the woods. He climbed the hill and ended up at his secret cloister behind the rocks above the nude beach. There were a smattering of couples down there spread around, and more than a few single ladies. Opening his brown bag, Chris made himself comfortable and began eating his lunch while taking in the sights.
Thought Id find you here, a voice whispered in his ear. 
He jumped. Turning around, he saw it was Sarah. Despite his desire to be alone, as well as her breaking her word about sneaking up on him, he was glad to see her and smiled. 
Howd ya know Id be up here, he said, through the peanut butter and white bread sticking to the inside of his mouth. 
Told ya. I used to follow you around all the time. Her eyes sparkled when she added, I know all your secret places.
Chris just shrugged. What were you going to do? The Rump was a small place. 
Well . . . siddown then. Make yourself comfortable. 
After she sat beside him, he reached into his bag. 
Want a sandwich? he asked.
She started to turn up her nose, but when he pulled it from the bag, he handed it to her smiling. Dont be frightened. Just peanut butter and jelly, he said, adding, No rat hairs that I know about.
She cocked her head for a moment before smiling and taking it. He grabbed the extra can of soda hed brought and handed that to her as well. The two sat quietly while Chris again began taking in the sights below.
I know why you come up here, she said. 
He looked over, saw a playful gleam in her eyes, and just shrugged again. Glancing down at the beach, he pointed and said, Theres one here for you too. 
She looked where he was pointing and saw either a beached whale or an old man who had no business sunbathing in the nude. She smiled and went back to her sandwich. After a while, she asked, Whats it like?
He turned and raised his eyebrows. Whaddya mean? he asked.
She looked away before going on. Im not sure, really. But I mean, everything I guess. Living on the Rump, isolated like this. Running an inn with your mother. Home schooling. Not having a father. Everything.
She must have seen Chris chewed slower as each question came out, and slowed down to nothing at the last. 
Im sorry. I have no business asking. Its just . . . usually I do most of the talking. And Im not sure you dont say anything because you dont want to, or if maybe I just dont let you. Just want you to know Im curious, is all. And Id listen if you want to talk.
The last line made Chris turn his head. He saw she was smiling. 
I can listen, you know, she said. I mean, I am capable of it.
He started to chuckle and chew again, and she laughed along. When finished with his last bite, he took a long swig of soda before putting that theory to the test.
Theres not much to tell, really, he began. At least from my perspective. Yeah, I guess it might seem a little weird and all, to someone looking in from the outside. But its not strange to me, know what I mean? Because, its my life. Its just the cards Ive been dealt. But lemme see, your first question was . . .? 
He let it dangle for a moment. 
Living on the Rump, she said.
Oh, yeah, that. Just like anywhere else, I guess. But here, seems like you get to know people pretty well, and get to know a lot of their business. Who drinks too much. Who hasnt worked in years. Who hits their wives. I mean, its a really small town. But theres a flip side to that too. For example, anytime someone needs something, theres somebody there to provide it. Most of the time, they dont even have to ask. And then theres the church. Most people on the Rump arent Unitarian, but there we all are, every Sunday morning. Did you know before it was Unitarian it was Catholic? No matter. Everyone went to that as well. Its kind of cool, stuff like that. Know what I mean? he asked.
When she nodded and smiled, he went on.
And then theres the inn. Funny, and you know, she only told me this once. But my mother said she and my father always planned to open a bed and breakfast just like this one. Certainly, after he retired, and maybe even before if they could scrape up enough money. They were always looking in the real estate section, or Yankee Magazine or whatever, looking to see how much they cost, where people set them up, how well they did. It was like, their dream. So, when my father died, I dont think there was anything else my mother could do. Not that she couldnt have done something else, I mean. But it was like she was driven to do it. And then came the insurance money, and it was almost like my father arranged for it to happen. Know what I mean? Anyway, shes happy, and that makes me happy, and thats enough for now.
Pausing, he leaned forward to eye a nice looking woman who had gotten up from her beach towel to dip her toes into the water. The light slap on his arm indicated his interest hadnt gone unnoticed. He smiled before going on.
Now, home schooling, he said. Turning to Sarah, he saw she was smiling. See? I can listen too. Anyway, home schooling is pretty cool. Might be the best part of living here. I know lots of folks do it because of religion or whatnot. In my case, its partly because were so isolated, but mostly because my mother became really protective when my father died. Shes still that way, and for now, I try to accommodate her. I know thats gonna get old after awhile, but like I said, for now anyway, if shes happy, Im happy. Plus, the tutors I have are awesome. Not only that, I probably put in half the time real students do and manage to ace all the exams anyway. Im not sure exactly what they do in those classrooms over there on the mainland, but I know theyre not for me. Nope. I like it just fine over here.
The woman below apparently decided getting her toes wet was more than enough. When she finally made herself comfortable again on her beach towel, Chris took the last swig of his soda and went on.
Now, that last thing. I guess thats the hardest. Its only been three years now, and you know what? Sometimes, I forget what he looks like. Really. Just forget what he looks like. When that happens, I go into a kind of panic, you know? Because I forget what my father looked like. So to remedy that, I keep a picture of him and me in my wallet. I keep other pictures of him hidden around here and there too so hes always within reach. But thats one of my biggest fears, that Ill forget what my father looked like. Funny thing though, I still remember his voice. I can hear it in my head right now, matter of fact. Not that there was anything special about it. Not really. But he was always making jokes, or pulling pranks on my mother. And his laugh, oh boy. Thats another thing Ill never forget. His laugh. My mother tells me I have his laugh, so maybe thats it. And thats what makes it so weird, that Id forget what he looked like, but not his voice. Know what I mean? And I know its silly, but sometimes, when Im feeling bad, I tell myself he just went away for a while, like on a business trip or something, and all I have to do is wait just a little bit more before Ill see him again. Is that weird? And I remember he used to call me buddy. Sometimes, I think hes going to walk down the stairs, knock on my door, and say Buddy! Get the hell out of bed. Silly, I know. But it helps.
He went quiet a while before going on. So anyway . . . he said, turning to Sarah and smiling. He turned away quickly when he saw her eyes were damp. Sorry, he said. Didnt mean for that to happen. But you did ask, and I answered.
He gave her a moment before looking at her again. She was smiling now, and had wiped away any hint of dampness that might have been there. 
Thanks, she said. I really appreciate it.
He smiled too. Ah, hell. Its nothing. Like I said, there arent any secrets on the Rump. Speaking of . . . hey, look! 
He pointed down at the beach. When she looked where he was pointing, he went on. Your boyfriend got some sand in an uncomfortable place.
She groaned and turned quickly from the scene, which was exactly what Chris had described. After she less than gently swatted his arm, he began to laugh, and he kept laughing even after tears started rolling down his cheeks.
~
It was a hot day in mid-August when the Lady Grace was finally ready to slip free of her bonds and again take her rightful place on the sea. Though there was still much to do, work on the hull was complete. Most of the work now focused on the interior of the ship itself, the mast and rigging and internal fittings that would make her ship-shape to set sail once again. 
Chris and Sarah arrived early, and even then found it hard to find a place to watch. Inside the boathouse, the retractable floor to the sea below the ship had been opened, limiting available space. Huge plastic bumpers were installed on the edge of the gangway opposite the ship, to ensure she not be damaged brushing hard against it when she came down the ramps. 
Workers huddled on gangways, perched on overhead ladders, or peered out from the corridors leading to the wood and metal shops. Chris recognized many of the hundreds who were there, most of them locals whod spent much of the last few months working non-stop on the ship. He smiled and said hello to dozens of people, many of whom came over to thank him, knowing somehow it was his idea to offer jobs to so many who otherwise had little or nothing to do. 
And though they didnt say so, implicit in their thanks was that Chris was responsible for making most of them rich beyond their wildest dreams. Clem Johnson and Len Doyle and Ron Fernald all made special trips over to thank him or clap him on the back. Others he didnt know did the same. Embarrassed by the attention, Chris mostly looked down or said it wasnt anything they wouldnt do for him. Some who heard him say that wondered to themselves if that were really true, though all hoped it was. Chris knew it was.
The Lady Grace herself was a vision in black, with fine gold trim running all the way around and just beneath the newly restored decorative railing. Chris had visited only a week ago when painting had begun in earnest. Men stood on ladders and scaffolding all around the ship with paintbrushes and buckets in hand. He hadnt at all been surprised to see his art teacher, Dale Duesenberg, whose black paintings had so impressed the captain, supervising the job. Hornblossom stood beside Dale that day, watching the men paint. Chris watched the captain wander back and forth beneath the ship, noting with wide eyes how when seen at different angles, the black paint reflected and refracted the light from above, creating shapes and shadows and hints of colors other than black. And though it was something the public at large would never see or know, Chris realized then it was Dale Duesenbergs masterpiece.
Chris was also there the day the wheel was installed, and the day the massive rudder was attached to an overhead crane and lifted into place. That had been touch and go, but after a few hours under the supervision of an engineer Chris didnt recognize, it all worked out. Night had already fallen by the time, with his crew watching from below, the captain stood on deck and turned the wheel for the first time. Though he turned it only slightly, Chris was surprised to see the huge rudder move. The crew cheered that milestone. The captain too was smiling. He ordered a work stoppage to celebrate and ale all around, and that was the end of that workday for most. 
Over here, Chris said, pointing to a place in the far corner where only a small crowd gathered and the two of them could watch. Sarah and Chris hurried over and waited for the show to begin.
Chris glanced up and saw Hornblossom and Barney Zimmerman two stories above, on the raised platform beside the entrance. Standing with them were selected crew of the Lady Grace, the quartermaster and first mate. The rest of the crew were scattered here and there. Seeing Billy standing with a few of the gunners, they waved and he smiled and waved back. It had become obvious over time that Billy was no longer just the powder boy, that his lone defense of the captain against all odds during his trial had earned him a great deal of respect from the rest of the crew. Funny though, Chris couldnt see the outcast Sykes anywhere. But he paid that no mind.
The engineer whod been in charge of installing the rudder also seemed to be in charge of this enterprise, and he stood with a bullhorn warning people to stand back. He had his crew check the bumpers once again while three-man teams with sledgehammers stood by the dozen or so beams holding the ship in place. Chris saw the men pouring grease on the ramps were now finished and were scurrying away from beneath the ship. 
Turning to Sarah, Chris whispered, Any time now.
She smiled and moments later, took his hand in hers and squeezed.
The engineer barked out an order for the first team to go. Men standing beside four of the huge beams began beating their sledges against them. One after another they fell away from the ship. Teams of other men came to hurriedly roll them away. Otherworldy groans and squeaks began to come from beneath the ship as she began to strain against her shackles. 
Its like shes talking, Sarah whispered in his ear. Chris smiled, because hed been thinking exactly the same thing.
A second team of men lined up next to another four beams and the drill was repeated: they beat their sledges and the beams fell. Teams of other men came to quickly roll them away, and then the ship began to scream. Chris couldve sworn he saw her move a little bit and got frightened for a moment. But the engineers voice through the bullhorn was calm, as if all of this was expected. The ship was howling now, and Chris was certain this time that she did move an inch or two. He glanced toward the beams and wouldve sworn they were buckling some, but the engineer calmly gave orders, struggling to be heard above the screams of the ship. 
Chris spared one glance for the captain, high above it all. He saw Fletcher, the quartermaster, whisper something in his ear. Hornblossom simply nodded while looking calm as could be, standing with his hands behind his back. Chris realized then the captain knew more than anyone the rest was out of his hands. What would happen would happen.
With the ship wailing now, the engineer barked his final order for the last of the beams to be removed. Chris made a last glance upward and smiled before turning his attention to the ship, to watch the men beat their sledges against the beams. One by one, they fell away and were pulled clear of the vessel. But a strange thing happened when the final beam fell. The oohs and aahs of the crowd crescendoed as one and then stopped when they saw what was happening. Chris couldnt believe it himself. The ship that had been straining against her bonds these past few minutes now seemed to have had second thoughts about entering the sea. With nothing at all supporting her, she remained stubbornly atop the ramps, and Chris realized suddenly she was now truly almost quite literally floating in the air. Fearing for a moment that something had gone wrong, worrying she might roll over, he wanted to turn and look at the engineer, but he didnt dare turn away. He realized then too that Sarah was squeezing his hand so hard shed cut off his circulation.
Then, in the all but silent room, a slight rumble came from beneath the ship. Moments later, the rumble turned into the eardrum splitting sounds of fingernails on a chalkboard, and the ship began  slowly at first, but picking up speed as she went  sliding down the ramps. Chris marveled at the fact she stayed completely level all the way. After hitting the end of the ramps, she truly was airborne for a brief moment before she crashed into the open water below, sending huge plumes into the air. The water beneath her roiled and boiled, and she dipped and bobbed and rolled once . . . twice . . . three times, before smashing gently into the rubber bumpers set against the slip next door. The pressure on Chriss hand ebbed somewhat as the rolling ebbed, and once again the ship sat proudly on the sea.
Only then did Chris turn away to glance at what hed looked at earlier. There, on the bow of the Pamela, stood once crisp, now soaked white uniformed men, coffee cups still in hand. Others had already begun squeezing their clothes or shaking their caps. Smiling, he turned to Sarah and pointed. As if seeing her smile, the crowd began to cheer, and Chris turned to stare again at the now becalmed ship, at home again on the water. 
Funny thing though, now that it was on the water, to see such a ship without a mast. From his research, he knew it would be a massive thing, as tall as the ship was long. He almost smiled to think he was pretty sure they werent going to be able to find such a thing at Wal-Mart. After pondering it a while, he recalled something else, and a smile did begin to bloom on his face. Unconsciously, he started shaking his head. They wouldnt do that, he thought. They . . . just wouldnt do that. And then, he knew with certainty that they would, because they were, after all, pirates.
~
It was a glorious Sunday morning, as were all Sunday mornings on the Rump. Every morning, really, he thought. 
As always, the minister woke to the sound of the first chirping bird and smiled. Truly, this is the day the Lord has made . . . or Gaia, or Buddha, or simply nature, he remembered. After getting out of bed, he made himself a half cup of decaf and dry toast before shuffling in his slippers and bathrobe into the church, where the first rays of dawn streamed through the stained glass, filling the sanctuary with brilliant reds and cool blues and summer gold. Though services were hours away, he loved spending this alone time in the church, before ritually stepping onto the front steps and breathing deeply of the wonders of nature. The sexton would arrive before long to get things ready for services, so he only had this brief window with which to commune with Mother Earth.
Carrying his coffee mug, which still had a sip or two left, he strolled down the aisle toward the front doors of the church. When he stepped out into the cool mist of morning, he smiled and closed his eyes and began to breathe deeply, to take in the morning air, the smell of earth and flowers and the recently mowed grass of the green. Pausing a moment, he realized suddenly that embedded within the aromas wafting into his nose was the not-so-distant smell of the ocean. He smiled wider to be reminded of his special calling, to minister to those who made their living from the sea. 
While enjoying that special moment, he began raising the mug to his lips to enjoy the last sip. Halfway there, he opened his eyes to take in and glory in the wonder of both nature and coffee and froze. He could feel his beatific smile morph into something probably more akin to a clownlike rictus of some sort, but there was nothing he could do but wait for his brain to process the unprocessable. Slowly, he turned his head left and right. Once satisfied that all was well in those directions, he again turned his head forward and suddenly it clicked. He looked up and down once more before dropping the mug to the concrete below, where it shattered both itself and the stillness of the morning. Turning on his heels, leaving one slipper behind, he ran back into the sanctuary.
~
For his part, the elderly sexton had just made his way through the woods from his house and was in the back parking lot when the hellish cacophony began. Grimacing, he began to cover his ears before realizing the sounds were coming from directly overhead. Glancing up, toward the steeple, he understood then they were coming from the church. It was another moment entirely before he realized they were the church bells, but making no sound with which he was familiar. They were clinging and clanking and making a monstrous noise, as if the devil himself were ringing them. That thought only frightened him, so as usual he fell back on his Catholic upbringing and blessed himself before slowly making his way toward the church to investigate.
By the time he reached the ringing chamber, he had indeed covered his ears. Outside the chamber, he blessed himself again before slowly raising the curtain where inside, he saw their normally calm and placid minister was now a pajama clad lunatic, leaping up and down on the ropes. His glasses were askew. Sweat streamed down his face as he pulled and pulled, not caring a whit for music or propriety. The sexton contemplated simply letting the curtain drop and walking away, never to return. But before that could happen, he realized that in between the ministers pulls and jumps, his leaps and climbs, in between the unholy clanging and clacking of the bells, the minister was shouting something. And though he had no idea what it meant, between the ringing and the clonging, the sexton could just make it out. To him, it sounded like the man was shouting: 
The twee! The twee!
Chapter Sixteen
~
It was unusual for Seth to be in his office on a Sunday morning, but things were coming down to the wire on the merger front and there were many important details to be worked out. Glancing down at the elegant notebook on his desk, he was pleased to see at least one of them was now done, and an important one at that. The notebook contained the itinerary his conference coordinator had put together for the Labor Day weekend merger signing. 
Seth knew the work for her had been bittersweet, because shed been with the company more than twenty years, and it was the last conference she would ever coordinate for Zimmerman Furniture. Though it remained unspoken, both of them knew she would not be making the transition to Decatur Heath, who no doubt had their own conference coordinators and anyway, were not known for the lavishness of their executive gatherings. Seth shuddered to recall that too was one of Warren Picketts rules.
Since hearing the mans not-so-subtle threat during their last phone conversation, Seth had been doing his best to brush up on Mister Picketts book. Keeping it on his bedside table, he vowed to read and memorize a new rule every night. Alas, he discovered to his dismay that the book had remarkable powers of somnolence. A mere sentence or two was enough to make his eyes droop. More than once, hed woken in the middle of the night and shrieked to find the unread thing pressing down on his chest like one of Jacob Marleys weights. 
Yawning, he realized he needed to do something about that, and made a mental note to ask his assistant to see if it was available in audio form. Perhaps that would help.
Anyway, hed allowed the conference coordinator what seemed an inordinate amount of time to shed some tears in his office before signaling her it was time to go. Who knows? he said cheerily. Maybe shed land on her feet. Find something better! Perhaps this was even a blessing in disguise. And though hed said those things, he didnt believe any of them. Not in this economy. But he said them anyway before shooing her out the door. And now, as he turned the pages and looked down at the spectacular event shed cobbled together for the joining of Zimmerman Furniture and Decatur Heath, he couldnt help but feel a pang of regret. She really was good. The menu alone made Seths mouth water.
The first course consisted of dried cherries and candied pecan duck en croute, lobster bisque, and shrimp and scallop mlange. After that came roasted chicken Santa Cruz, mohito salmon, rosemary and mint lamb shank, and more. He didnt dare look at the desert menu, but turned instead to stare again at the color picture of the wonderful ship where it would all happen, the Sojourner, the sleekest and most modern of all the ships that cruised Boston Harbor. Hed been on her once before for a wedding and been very impressed. 
It was the soon to be ex-Conference Coordinator who had noticed the scheduled Labor Day marriage between the two companies coincided with a tall ships parade in Boston Harbor. She had thought, and Seth agreed, that a front row seat to some of the most awe inspiring sailing vessels known to man would be a wonderful way to end this chapter of Zimmerman Furniture and to begin the new. Surely the folks from landlocked Muncie couldnt help but be impressed, and Seth was certain it would be a wonderful way to ingratiate the old company with the new. That, and hed had the candied duck at the wedding and it was do die for.
He double checked the scheduled date and saw it was on Sunday, September third, the day before Labor Day. Oh well, he thought, imagining that Pickett worked on Sundays anyway. And then, with a sigh that was almost a moan, he realized he knew that he did. It was one of his confounded rules.
~
Though some left after the admittedly short and somewhat unusual service, most of the congregation remained. The sexton had announced at the beginning of services that the minister had taken to his bed. Nothing to be alarmed about. The man was simply tired. In their egalitarian tradition, the sexton himself began the service by pulling from his wallet a yellowed and folded piece of paper hed long ago cut out from Readers Digest, from the Life in These United States section. 
The story concerned the travails of a man on vacation with his family. Reading it somehow always made him feel better. He was pleased afterward to note it had brought a chuckle from the crowd. It had gone so well, in fact, he invited others in the congregation to come up and share their own family travel anecdotes. But after that line of spiritual inquiry tapped out after fifteen minutes or so, the service was declared over. Now, gathered on the green in front of the church, the congregation surrounded the sad looking stump of what had once been the tallest tree in town. Some spoke in hushed whispers. Others stood quietly and watched an obviously annoyed Officer Lucas survey the scene. 
The police had received an anonymous call earlier that morning detailing, in the callers words, an arboreal carnage! The vocabulary challenged officer manning the phones didnt think that sounded good, so he made a call to an off-duty Lucas to ask if hed head on over to investigate. The crowd watched Lucas walk the length of the green, approach the stump, and simply shake his head. He took more than a moment to examine what remained of the ancient tree, only about three feet, whose flat yellow top revealed to all it had been sawed off. The crowd watched the cop raise his head skyward, as if his imagining the thing in all its glory could somehow conjure it up again. When he lowered his head, he began wandering around the stump in ever widening circles while staring at the ground. After a few minutes, he returned to the stump to take one final look before raising his head to stare at the crowd. After a moment of looking from face to face, he began to speak.
~
Anyone know anything about this? Lucas asked, studying every face for clues. He lingered over one or two and noted, curiously, that some would not meet his eye. More than a few looked tired and drawn, with circles beneath their eyes as if theyd had a long night. But Lucas knew that could be caused by just about anything. Worry about work or where their next paycheck was coming from. A long night at the Cove. Anyway, most every face he stared into were lifelong Rumpsters, none of whom would ever willingly take part in destroying a town icon. That is, he supposed, unless the price was right. Every man had his price. But he almost smiled to think there wasnt enough money in this town for these men to take part in something like that. To what possible end? There were easier ways to find firewood.
On the left, he recognized the young Duggan kid. He was standing next to Misty Rowlings granddaughter, who Lucas knew was in town for the summer. It was the Duggan kid who had first found that derelict ship in the sand, an event he found himself more and more attributing the Rumps troubles to. It was crazy, he knew, but ever since that day, things had not been right on the Rump. He remembered how grateful he had been the day the thing washed away, but it seemed even that wasnt enough to return things to normal. At least the Duggan kid met his eye. In fact, Lucas realized, theyd been staring at each other a while now and the kid hadnt even blinked. Lucas looked away first.
At the far end of the crowd he saw the professor, Arthur Cobb. Unlike the others, Cobb had an almost triumphant look on his face, like the cat that swallowed the canary. Almost as if he knew something the others didnt. Then again, Lucas remembered the professors strange behavior that day on the beach and chalked up todays smile to his eccentric nature. Glancing around at one or two other faces, he saw a few alternate lifestyle types here and there and dismissed them as suspects immediately. They just didnt have it in them.
Lucas did notice that whoever did this, they were careful to pick up every last stray pine needle and twig from the ground, almost as if theyd cleaned up after themselves. But that made no sense either. And it wasnt an act of vandalism. He was sure of that. If it were, they would have left some sort of taunting reminder, or spray-painted the stump or something. Certainly, it could be political, some sort of statement from an eco-terrorist group about how were destroying the planet or some such thing. Hed wait a few days to see if they got any letters claiming responsibility. Course, it was also possible some kind of pine tree cult had sprung up on the island. If you were a pine tree cult, that was certainly the tree for you. Far-fetched, he knew. But nothing was impossible.
What he did know now beyond any doubt was that something strange was going on around here. He just needed to put all the pieces together, find where they all fit. He was certain that in time, he would. But enough of this. Right now, he needed to talk to the minister, to find out what had caused that early morning racket that generated more than a few irate phone calls down at the station. Maybe that was somehow connected to this.
Yall can go home now, Lucas said to the crowd, as if they needed his permission. Motioning his head toward the church, he asked, By the way, any of you with the church? I need to speak to the minister.
~
The sexton spoke in hushed tones while leading Lucas toward the rectory where the minister rested. He explained what hed found when coming to the church earlier that morning, and had already figured out the minister was probably the first to notice the tree was missing. Poor man, he was taking it very hard. No, he wasnt sure the minister had anything further to add. Yes, it was probably best to hear that from the man himself. Only a few minutes though. The poor man needed his rest.
You notice anything else unusual going on around here? the cop asked as they walked.
The sexton thought it an unusual question, and a little too open-ended for his own comfort. There was always something unusual going on around here. That was part of the Rumps charm, he supposed. Thinking about the question, he had noticed folks who otherwise came every Sunday lately hadnt attended services. But he wasnt comfortable sharing the church-going habits of his congregation with an outsider. Anyway, that was solely between the church member and God . . . or Gaia, or Buddha, or nature, or that Force from Star Wars if thats what floated your boat. No, he wasnt going to share that with the cop.
There was that little matter of the offering, though. Among his other duties, the sexton collected the offering, then rolled up the coins and put the bills and checks into an envelope for deposit at the bank. However, more and more over the past few weeks, folks had been depositing these filthy slug-like things into their envelopes, or dropping them into the velvet-lined basket that went around the room. In fact, hed received more than a dozen of them that morning.
But then, he knew times were tough. As the minister himself had so wisely lectured only a few weeks ago, some in their congregation did not share in the bounty of the summertime tourist trade. And with the economy the way it was, work was surely hard to find. He suspected folks were simply embarrassed not to be seen putting at least something in the basket, and that was why they were throwing in these grungy things. Really, though, he couldnt blame them. He was certain that when times were better, theyd share what little they could to make up for this minor lapse in charitable contributions. Anyway, for the past few weeks, hed simply been sorting out these worthless items and throwing them into the trash while thinking, There but for the Grace of God Go I. Or Gaia, or Buddha, or . . . well. You know. Any one of a thousand things.
No, he answered truthfully. Nothing worth talking about anyway.
~
Unofficially anyway, summer was coming to a close. 
The Thursday before Labor Day weekend, Chris finished his chores early so he could go out and enjoy the day. Between well . . . everything, he realized suddenly he hadnt spent much time down at the beach, so he threw on his trunks and grabbed his towel. After meeting Sarah at their pre-arranged place, the boulders beyond the Cove, the two found a vacant chunk of crowded sand to plant their stuff and then headed down to the water. Though Chris tried not to stare, Sarah filled out her two-piece white and red polka dot swimsuit far too well for him not to spend at least some time admiring it. If that bothered her, she was too polite to complain.
He wandered into the cool water just shy of his thighs and let the action of the rolling waves get his nether regions acclimated. The waters of Cape Cod were as warm as they would ever be, which was never warm enough for him to dive straight in. Only after his private parts retreated completely into his body was he ready to immerse himself in one fell swoop. Before he was ready, he glanced to his right and was embarrassed to see Sarah had already taken the plunge. 
What are you waiting for? she asked smiling, before going under again. He waited for her to come up before answering. 
You dont understand, he said smiling. The water was now above his waist so he was just about ready. Its different for guys, is all. But . . . 
He let that hang in the air before diving completely under, the cold water both a shock and a blessing. While under, he took the liberty of grabbing her legs and pulling her under as well. He came up laughing. A moment later she came up spluttering, mock angry at his rudeness and splashing water in his face. 
Oh, so thats how its gonna be? he asked, returning the volley. 
After a brief water war, a truce was called. Moments later, they both broke it. They laughed a while before simply enjoying themselves, diving into medium-sized waves to swim broad strokes beneath the cool water, or floating face-up to feel the warm sun on their bodies. 
Once or twice, Chris retrieved an errant football for a group of boys playing nearby. He just shrugged after Sarah commented positively on his spiral. After a few more minutes, the two agreed it was time to come out. Plopping themselves on their towels, they sunbathed a while, listening to and enjoying the sounds of the beach. Before long, Chris felt Sarahs hand in his. It was good.
He must have dozed for a time, because when he opened his eyes Sarah was staring down at him. We gotta go, she said. Youre turning a shade of red not normally seen in nature. Chris smiled and sat up. 
The two gathered their things and made their way across the sand back to Sea Street. Crowds were gathered at the shops closest to the beach. They wandered past the T-shirt shop, the taffy booth, and the ice cream parlor. As they passed the tattoo parlor, Chris stopped to look in the window and smiled. He motioned Sarah to take a peek as well. There, with his eyes closed and his face a grimace, sat Billy Grey, getting initiated into the life of a sailor. Three or four other crewmen were there too, either waiting their turn or giving Billy support. Probably both, Chris thought. And whatever they were putting on his arm  through the filthy glass, it looked like some kind of horned sea monster, though it could have been anything  it looked painful as hell.
From behind, Chris heard a motorcycle start up. Moments later, he felt a tug on his arm. Sarah motioned him to turn. When he did, he saw a man-mountain motorcyclist with a walrus mustache about to give one of the pirates what was no doubt his first motorbike experience. From his long black hair and the feathers sticking up from his head, Chris knew it was Henry, the Indian. The most stoic of the lot, Chris could see he was trying to keep his demeanor calm and failing miserably. He clutched tightly to the giants waist. When the bike took off, he screamed, to the delight of the other pirates  the gunnery crew, Chris saw  who had no doubt egged him on.
As they passed the Captains Cove, Chris heard something else familiar. There were too many voices for it to simply be the crew. He smiled to realize then that the locals had mastered a tune theyd been hearing all summer. Someone in there  it might have been Ron Fernald  was doing the shout. The others answered with the chant.
Ive got a coat and a nobby, nobby coat
Ive got a coat a-seen a lot of rough weather
For the sides are near wore out and the back is flying about
And the linings looking out for better weather.
He was tempted to look in and see who it was, but decided to leave that to his imagination. Anyway, he knew it couldve been just about anyone in town. 
When they turned onto Sea Street, Chris saw about halfway down the block, bobbing above the sea of heads, a now familiar tricorn hat, and remembered there was something he had to do. Turning to Sarah, he thanked her for a wonderful day but said he had to go. 
She smiled and punched him in the arm and said shed had fun too before walking away. He watched her from behind for a while before remembering. 
Hurrying down the block, he found the captain in front of Dale Duesenbergs studio. When the captain saw him, he smiled. Ah, here be young Christopher. Where ye been keepin yerself lad? Suren ye know we miss you.
Chris smiled and apologized, saying hed been busy. He noticed then that beneath the brim of his tricorn hat, the captain had acquired a pair of wire-frame sunglasses that only made him look younger. Smiling, Chris asked about the ships progress.
Laddie, wait til you see it, Hornblossom said with obvious pride. Shes as fit as the day she was born, as foin a ship that ere sailed the seven seas. General opinion seems ta be that after taking her out ta see how she handles, we may jes make yer deadline
After the small talk died out, Chris said he needed to speak with him about something. He asked the captain across the street, to the wall beside the green. After the two sat down, Chris didnt know quite how to begin. But Hornblossom understood.
Jes say what ye hafta say, laddie. We know each other too well now ta ever be keepin secrets from each other.
Chris agreed, though this was a big secret hed been keeping for a while. It had weighed heavily on his mind. But it needed to be said. Sighing, he reached into his pocket for his wallet and removed the now somewhat tattered news article.
First, you have to promise you wont hurt him, Chris began. Hes a good guy. He really is. Its just that . . . and remember, you said you understood, you said more than anyone, you understood. Anyway, you were right. He be covetin yer ship. The phrase left his lips before he even realized it. 
Chris knew Hornblossoms interest had been peeked. 
What have ye got there, laddie. Lemme see it.
Promise, Chris said. First, you gotta promise.
Hornblossom smiled. As one shipmate to another, I give ye my word, son. Whatever it is ye want, Ill give ye my word.
Chris handed him the article and watched as Hornblossom read it. He saw a dozen emotions pass over his face, perhaps none more frightening than when he read the last line. Hornblossom knew now that Cobb was toying with him. He wasnt an idiot. But still, hed made Chris a promise. But at that moment, watching Hornblossoms face, Chris wondered just how much the word of a pirate was worth. He knew the captain didnt have a reputation for cruelty, but also knew you didnt become a pirate captain through kindness and good deeds. Anyway, Chris had done all he could. The rest was out of his hands.
Chris watched Hornblossom tuck the article into his jacket, then pull his pipe from his pocket. After filling the bowl, he smoked in silence. The two sat quietly for a few minutes before the captain spoke.
Howd ya know I was lyin? he asked. 
When Chris glanced up at him, he went on. 
After that show trial me crew put on, wit me at the end of a rope. Ye said I was lyin, and you were right. But how did ye know?
Chris had to think a moment before he answered. Well . . . its just that you said once that the crew blamed you for what happened. The ship grounding and sinking. But Billy said you werent even at the helm. He said Sykes had already taken control and you were below. So why would they blame you for something you didnt do?
Hornblossom puffed and nodded. 
But now, Chris said. Its my turn to ask you something.
Hornblossom glanced over. Anything, me boy. Anything.
Chris asked, Why were you really coming here . . . to Massachusetts, I mean. I know you were running from the curse and all, but why here? I guess you might have been chasing the Whydah, but that wasnt going to free you from the curse. So why were you coming?
Hornblossom smiled. Can keep anything from you laddie, can I? Truth is, I was acquainted with certain people in Boston. People high up, if ya know what I mean. The curse itself was a pirate curse, so it was only in effect just so long as we were pirates. So yes, I was chasin the Whydah, and I did plan to empty her holds, but afterward, I planned ta see some of them powerful people I knew ta get me an me crew a pardon. That was the only way I could think ta be rid of the thing. Silly now, lookin back on it. But it was the only thing I could do.
Chris went quiet a moment before asking, So thats why you were going to let them kill you? Because even though they didnt blame you for the sinking, you still blamed yourself. Is that right?
Hornblossom smiled. Somethin like that, laddie. Somethin like that.
Just then, Chris remembered something from his Internet sleuthing, that a pardon for his crimes wasnt as crazy as it sounded. After telling him everything he knew, the captain smiled and thanked him for the information. Hornblossom hesitated a moment before asking a question of his own. 
Laddie, ye been so kind that I hate ta even ask. But with me an me crew leavin in jes a few days, we find ourselves in needa . . . certain pervisions. 
He went on to detail those provisions. Chris told him where he could find them. The two went silent for a while before Hornblossom asked, So when are ye comin out ta visit our ship? Wouldn dream of takin our first voyage without ya.
Chris smiled and promised hed visit. After the two said their goodbyes, and the captain walked away, Chris shouted after him. 
Remember your promise. You promised!
Chapter Seventeen
~
It was after midnight when the men assembled down at the marina. 
Upon arriving, many of these usually gruff men greeted each other with a curious, almost dainty bow. Begun as something of a joke, it had since taken on an almost ritual quality, a silent signal that they were all in this together. This evening, short of being told what boat they should get on, the men needed no further instruction. Before setting sail, each man donned his bandana and hat and other clothing to hide their features and identities. 
Some men were single, but curious landladies and nosy mothers were no longer a problem. They had gotten used to their sons or tenants keeping odd hours. And whatever they were doing, it seemed somehow to make them more responsible, so they werent about to ask. Other men were married, but aside from one or two, they no longer lied to their wives about the reasons for their odd hours. Though to a man, they had remained circumspect about what they were doing, their wives had come to appreciate them bringing home a decent paycheck. And though all had kept the solemn vow they had made with one hand on a Bible, some of them shared with their wives it was far more than a decent paycheck. Far more indeed.
Each was assigned to one of a dozen or so small or medium sized boats. There was no need for larger vessels for this haul. One by one, motors started and the boats began pulling away from the dock. On most every boat, a no longer so strangely dressed man stood and took a deep breath, leaning forward to let the wind roll against their face. Each of them smiled, for they knew they would soon be at sea again.
The happiest of these men stood erect at the bow of Len Doyles skiff. He had long ago traded in his trademark green hat for a plush and fashionable tricorn. The hat was in his hand now, to let the wind whip back his shoulder-length hair, but mostly, so he wouldnt lose it. Behind him, Len Doyle sat at the wheel of his skiff, maneuvering across the narrow channel toward their destination. 
Yer a foin skipper, Mister Doyle, Hornblossom shouted above the wind. A foin skipper indeed. 
Len smiled but kept his eye on the water ahead. 
Still shouting, Hornblossom went on. Ifn ye dont mind me askin, I fear the name has slipped me mind. What be the name of our destination this evenin? Cos-Mar? Cos-Fort?
Len kept his eyes on the water when he answered. 
Costco, he shouted. Superstore. They got everything there.
~
Late Friday night, Sarah stopped by the inn. After a smiling Chris greeted her at the door, they stepped onto the porch. In one hand, he carried a picnic basket his mother had made for them, in his other was a blanket. The two stepped out beneath the starlit sky and walked down to the beach.
As hed done for so many evenings since it first made its appearance in early August, Chris glanced toward the horizon and marveled at the wonder that was the Reisenhower Comet. Hed hardly been born when the last comet was truly visible in the sky. And though this one supposedly paled to that, there was no doubt this thing was a comet. The massively bright snowball in front was as big as ten stars. Its rocky tail came to an obvious cone at the end.
Its beautiful, isnt it? Sarah asked. Chris smiled and nodded.
Chris found a spot on the all but empty beach to lay their blanket and the two lay down atop it. After fishing the wooden tray from the basket, he laid out some cheese and crackers then cracked open a grape juice for them both. After a while, the two lay back to take in the glory of the universe and the wonder of the comet. 
Glancing at the moon, Chris saw it was barely a crescent now, but knew within forty-eight hours, like it did every month, the moon would make itself new again. Through the darkness, Sarah found Chriss hand, and it was good. He figured now was as good a time as any. 
The pirates are leaving Sunday night, he said.
She stayed quiet a while before saying, I know.
In the starlit darkness, Chris smiled. 
I dont think you do, he said.
She squeezed his hand tighter than was necessary. 
Im not stupid, you know. Anyway, I figured it out a while ago.
Chris was surprised, but only for a moment. She certainly wasnt stupid. Im gonna miss them when theyre gone, he confessed. She squeezed his hand and let his words speak for themselves. He appreciated that.
Anyway, he went on. Theyre taking the ship for a trial run on Sunday and invited me along. I wouldnt dream of going without you.
She let that hang in the air longer than necessary before saying, I wouldnt dream of not going.
He smiled again before they lapsed into a comfortable silence. But details kept running through his mind anyway, mostly, had he forgotten anything? He ran through the list again and could find nothing. Then, as it had so often recently, his mind turned to Arthur Cobb, and he prayed once again that Hornblossom would keep his promise.
~
Asleep in his bed, Arthur Cobb felt a gentle tickle at his throat. 
Thinking it was perhaps the lighting of a mosquito or the crawling of a small bug, he reached up to swipe it away. Before he could, he felt another, and then another. More than half-awake now, fearing an infestation of some sort, he reached to his throat to slap them away and his hand came upon hard metal. He opened his eyes.
Through the starlight drifting into his room, he saw three long foils were now pressed to his throat. Bizarrely, he thought at first they were radio antennas and he was having a close encounter. But when the middle one pressed sharply against his Adams apple, and he felt what might have been a drop of liquid trickle down his neck, he understood it was more than that. His bladder let go. He pressed himself deeper into his soft mattress. The sharp ends of the swords followed him down.
The light was such that he could not make out faces or details of any of the men who had him trussed up as well as any entomologist ever pinned a bug. He thought he could just make out that the man in the middle wore a hat of some sort, but that might have just been a trick of the shadows.
His next thought was to ask them what they wanted, but he knew any movement of his throat was certain to send any one of those sharp points plunging into his skin. Whatever these men wanted, theyd let him know when they were good and ready.
You, one of them said. The one in the middle. Perfesser. Sirrah.
He let the words linger a while, and if anything at all had been left in Cobbs bladder, it wasnt anymore. 
You got tings don belong to you, the man went on, and Arthur knew suddenly that these were the men hed been taunting, the ones whod taken the Lady Grace. But this was not what hed expected. 
As one, he felt the three sharp points retract a bit, but only a bit. Just enough to allow him to get a word or two out. 
I dont . . . he started to say, and seconds later felt a blade beneath his ear. The man had come from nowhere. Arthur knew he must have punctured his pillow just to get the knife there, and the wetness he felt now on that side of his head revealed the mans knife had broken his skin.
That not be the answer we come fer, the man in the middle said. Now, I made a promise not ta kill ya. But I made no promise I wouldn hurt ya. An I made no promise Id let ya keep yer ears.
With that, the knife beneath his ear pressed forward. Tears formed in Arthurs eyes. 
An so, Ill ask again. You got tings don belong to ya, do you not?
The points against his throat let up once again, but the knife to the back of the ear remained where it was. Back room, Arthur choked out. Hidden door in back of closet . . . but its locked . . .
An explosion echoed throughout the house, causing Arthur to twitch and the knife to his ear to slice further. Moments later came another thunderous clap as the door to the closet was kicked open. Arthur showed far more self-control this time.
It seemed to take an eternity, but shuffling sounds came from up the hall. Think thats it, Captain, the voice said.
Forever and a day later, the sharp points to the left and right of Arthurs neck ebbed somewhat and then were gone. An epoch after that, the knife was removed from behind Arthurs ear. After that, the only danger to Arthur was the sharp point that had never left his Adams apple. He understood then that whoever wielded this sword, he was the most masterful of all.
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbors goods, the man said quietly before he too removed his sword.
Arthur didnt hear any of them leave the room. Minutes went by, then hours, but Arthur remained frozen in place until the first shafts of daylight revealed he was truly alone.
~
After stepping into the boathouse, Chris and Sarah walked down the two sets of metal stairs and then beneath the prow of the Pamela. Looking up, they both stopped in their tracks. Their eyes went wide. Over in the far slip, fully rigged now, her tall mast almost scraping the roof of the boathouse, was the fully rebuilt Lady Grace. Though her sails were set now, all ropes and rigging and ladders were where they should be. And in another hour or so, she would again, for the first time in three-hundred years, return where she belonged. On the open sea.
There were only dozens or so people here now, most of the workers having finished their jobs. The few Rumpsters he recognized were carrying foodstuffs up the ramp, to be handed off to someone waiting in the hold to stow them. Chris saw cases and cases of whiskey and wine being carted up, along with bread and meat bearing the familiar Costco label. He smiled to think that at some point, marine archeologists were going to have quite a mystery on their hands. The smile left his face when he remembered that wasnt possible. No time to dwell on that now, he thought. 
Lets go! he said to Sarah, grabbing her hand. The two ran down the gangway.
Halfway to the ship, Chris heard the high-pitched ringing of a bell. Looking up, he saw a smiling Hornblossom standing on the quarterdeck with a rope in his hand. At the end of the rope was a shiny bell. Chris returned his smile. As the two went up the ramp, Chris was surprised at the cornucopia of smells: fresh paint, new canvas, rope, shellac, and other things. It only served to underscore how . . . new the thing really was. 
When he approached Hornblossom, the captain bowed deeply in his direction, raising his head mid-bow. Chris unabashedly returned it, and also raised his head mid-bow. The two of them caught each others eye and smiled. When the two stood, Chris said, You know Sarah, right?
The captain bowed again, answering, Not sure weve had the pleasure of bein formally introduced. However, I do recall yer bein at young Christophers side throughout me trial. An young Billy may have mentioned a word or two about an angel hed met.
Hornblossom winked. Sarah blushed. He went on. 
Anyway, young lad an lassie. Its time fer ye to be getting the tour.
The captain began the tour on the main deck, pointing out areas theyd left the same from the original ship, and other places where theyd opted to make improvements. He was especially proud of the gargoyle-like, intricately carved bowsprit. Whatever the creature was, it was designed to strike fear into whoever it was that saw it.
It be a gift from one of yer townfolk, a man named Foley. You know him? 
Chris nodded and smiled. He knew Bill was handy with a saw, but had no idea what a master woodworker he truly was.
Next, Hornblossom took them below, showing them the captains cabin beneath the quarterdeck, fitted out now with an elegant desk and functional bed. Windows on either side let in plenty of light. On the desk, Chris saw two boxes, no doubt containing compass and sextant and other items necessary for navigation in the age of sail. Detailed charts and maps of the sort not available in Hornblossoms time were spread out here and there. 
Walking forward, he showed them the galley and the crew cabin, fitted with hammocks and tables and wooden lockers. Though darker here, Chris noticed a small door opening outward not far from the crew cabin and asked what it was. He caught Sarah smiling as if she already knew. 
Ah, that be the privy, me boy, Hornblossom answered. Hang yer ass out an let fly!
Glancing again at Sarah, Chris smiled too, thinking maybe it had been a dumb question.
Though men scurried here and there, the captain continued their tour to the third and lowest deck. Chris was surprised to see that though he and Sarah had no problem, the captain and the other men had to bend down belowdeck due to low ceilings. He suspected that among other problems plaguing retired pirates, back problems were high on the list.
The lowest deck was filled with barrels of ales and cheese and other foodstuffs, acting as both ballast and storage. Chris saw too that piles and piles of red bricks had been brought down here, no doubt to keep the ship stable. The captain must have seen Chris eying them. 
Normally, it would be extra cannon an balls, lad. Unfortunately, ye cant have everything. Chris smiled.
When the three made their way back onto the deck, Hornblossom had a quiet moment with the quartermaster and first mate to see if everything was on track, while Chris and Sarah talked with Billy. Sarah asked if he was excited about going home, and he was. Chris stayed quiet during that part of the conversation. 
When done with his officers, Hornblossom came and interrupted them. Master William, he began. I wonder ifn youd be kind enough to see to sister Sarah fer a bit. Meself an young Christopher need ta have a quick word.
Billy smiled and took Sarahs arm. Without waiting for Chris, Hornblossom turned and walked down the ramp to the gangway. Confused for a moment, Chris scampered after him. He glanced again at all the activity while following Hornblossom, who seemed to be heading for the stairs that led outside. Chris saw the gunnery crew and all the other pirates running here and there, carrying things back and forth, telling Rumpsters where to put things and generally getting things ship-shape. But something was wrong, and he wasnt sure what. 
Realizing that, he stopped a moment. When he finally turned, he saw Hornblossom was already halfway up the stairs leading outside, not waiting for him. Still puzzled, thinking something just wasnt right, Chris hurriedly followed.
~
Arthur Cobb lay in bed brooding. He had managed somehow, once the sun had fully risen, to get out of bed and change his damp bedclothes. Hed then glanced in the mirror and saw puncture wounds on his neck, as if hed been bitten by a three-toothed vampire with a wide mouth. He even got up the courage to feel the scab left by a deep cut behind his ear. 
After gently washing the wounds with a damp facecloth, he put some antibiotic gel on each before covering them with gauze and Band-Aids. That done, he went back to his bedroom and closed the curtains before climbing back into bed. After the ignominy of last evening, he had no desire to face the world. He dozed fitfully, waking up occasionally after being spooked by something, only to fall back to sleep. On the last of those occasions he awoke, he flinched to see a man sitting in a chair by his bed.
He wore what looked like a filthy bandana on his head and some kind of multi-button puffy shirt. There was a many days growth of beard on his face. When Arthur saw he had a long knife in his hand, he took in a deep breath. The man heard it. Looking over at Cobb, he smiled. The professor drew in another sharp breath at the atrocity of the mans teeth, brown and yellow as if he were a five pack a day smoker. But for some reason, Arthur sensed it was a sincere smile just the same.
Shh, shh, the man said, not unkindly. When he saw Arthur stared nervously at his knife, he said, What, this? He took the knife and used it to pick beneath his fingernails. Jes a spot a hygiene, is all. Can ye believe Im still pullin out tar an bitsa feather? he asked. 
Arthur couldnt, but nodded anyway. The man went on.
Anyhow, I hate to jes pop in on ye like this. But I know what them bad men did ta ya last evenin. I overheard em makin their plans an followed em here. Thats how I know where ye live.
Arthur thought the mans accent sounded similar to that dreadful man last evening, the one in the middle whod put a sword to his throat. But this man seemed harmless enough. Almost friendly. Perhaps things were about to get interesting. 
I know they came here an robbed ya, an no doubt committed foul atrocities agin yer person. Thats what Im here about. Ya see, they be bad men. Very bad men. An they done the same ta me as they done ta you, cept me they kidnapped an then forced me ta take part in their turrible deeds. Jes be glad they aint kidnapped ya.
Arthur shuddered at the thought. 
Those men, the man went on. They plan on leavin this place soon. But me? I like it here jes foin. This time. This place. Its got hot food an warm beds, not ta mention them pretty ladies. So no, I aint in any hurry to leave here at all. Not now. Not ever. An Im thinkin . . . 
The man paused from his fingernail picking long enough to send another horrid smile Arthurs way. 
An Im thinkin that if you an I join forces, then mayhaps we become a formidable team, an mayhaps we both get what we want.
Arthur still wasnt quite sure what the man was talking about, but he wanted to hear more. Much more.
~
You cant be serious, Chris said.
The captain stared back at him with a gleam in his eye. 
Dead serious, boy. Yer gonna go piratin, then ye need ta be dressed as a pirate.
But . . . but . . . Chris stammered. 
He wanted to say hed watched the Holcombe sisters oversee the creation of entire pirate wardrobes. Heck, even Billy was looking good these days, in a blousy, puffy, whole-lotta-buttons sort of way. Surely, Chris could fit into some of Billys clothes. 
But no, that was stupid too. What he was wearing right now  an A&F T-shirt, denim shorts, and sneakers  was just fine for their short trip today. He knew that. Then again, he knew, so did the captain. He glanced into the captains face and noted the gleam in his eye.
Youre going to make me do this, arent you? he asked. After Hornblossom nodded, Chris went on. Youre just getting back at me, or having some kind of fun with me, arent you? he asked. The captain nodded again. 
With a sigh, Chris climbed in. It took some time, because the captain was unsatisfied with his first six selections, sending him back again and again. When he emerged from his seventh trip, the captain was more than satisfied.
He had selected for Chris a pair of yellow boots with gold chains, gold and brown striped pants, and a pink, faded, and bleach-stained T-shirt that featured a furry cartoon character named Alf. And if you believed the somewhat profane caption, Alf was having a very bad day indeed. 
Now, now, me boy, Hornblossom said smiling before clapping him on the back. Now ye be lookin like a pirate. An a foin pirate indeed.
Chris was still stewing as the captain glanced skyward. Apparently noting the lateness of the hour, without another word he turned and began to walk back across the parking lot and ultimately, Chris knew, back to Barneys estate where the Lady Grace awaited. Chris stood for only another moment beside the collection box, wondering how in the hell he would ever explain this, and who in the hell Alf was, before he ran to catch up.
Chapter Eighteen
~
A quarter of a million people made the trek into Boston that Sunday before Labor Day for a once in a decade event. Many got there early, to lay claim to whatever small patch of earth they could find that wasnt already taken by those whod gotten there even earlier or had camped out the night before. From Charlestown and Winthrop in the north, to Castle Island in South Boston, to the banks of Dorchester Bay, families and young couples gathered. They sat on walls, climbed up poles, or simply lay their blankets on the grass beneath heaven-sent blue skies to be a small part of history. 
As scheduled, at one oclock in the afternoon, the first of the tall ships cleared Hull Gut and began making its way into the harbor. The honor of being first went to the U.S. Coast Guard barque, the Eagle, a steel-hulled vessel with a sparred length of three-hundred feet and a beam of forty. She was followed by dozens of other ships from around the world: from Russia, France, Brazil, Barbados, the Netherlands, and more. From all four corners of the Earth they came: gaff-rigged and staysailed and topsailed schooners, full-rigged and gaff-headed and four-masted barques, ketches and cutters and sloops.
Among the recreational vessels and medium-sized yachts cruising Boston Harbor that day was the elegant and well-known restaurant ship, the Sojourner. Sailing nearer shore than usual, careful to stay out of the way of the tall ships, it steamed back and forth between the crowds gathered on Castle Island, up the channel toward Hull, and back again. The ship and staffs only role was to set up the room as requested, provide the luncheon, and then cruise up and down the harbor. The first task had been completed, the second was about to be, and the third was ongoing.
Sitting at a half empty table next to Calvin Pickett, Seth was determined to enjoy his desert of vanilla ice cream and pastry puff. Unfortunately, the food was not as good as he had remembered. The salmon was underdone, the bisque overdone, and the lamb . . . he didnt even want to think about the lamb. He was pleased anyway to see the wait staff had removed all the plates and silverware and glasses from the empty places of those who hadnt come. Half of those invited hadnt come. The entire board of Zimmerman Furniture had come. The board of Decatur Heath had not.
Seth had planned to mingle both boards while dining, to let Decatur Heath get a feel for Zimmerman and see how well managed it was. Maybe then theyd think twice about any drastic changes. Though Calvin insisted he let the companies he bought run the way they always had, Seth knew his track record said otherwise. In fact, Seth understood now that Calvins decision to prohibit his board from coming was a less-than-subtle slap in the face, a message that things were different now. Elegant soirees such as this were a thing of the past. 
Oh well, he thought. Nothing at all could detract from this wonderful day. Yes, he had a one-year contract to fulfill with Decatur Heath. But no matter what else happened or might happen this day, at the end of the day, hed be a very wealthy man indeed.
While using his spoon to cut up the last piece of pastry, Seth remembered again how standoffish even his closest friends on the board had been all day, not only as they arrived and boarded the ship, but during cocktail hour and throughout lunch. None wanted to meet his eye. Seth figured it was maybe that after today, theyd all be free agents. None of them had been asked to join the board of Decatur Heath, and Seth certainly hadnt insisted upon it. 
And though all of them would be rich at the end of the day, perhaps some were having second thoughts that such a grand old company was losing its independence and becoming part of yet another faceless corporation. Oh well, he thought again. Nothing he could do about it now. They had all agreed it was best for the company, and whats more, they all voted to go ahead with the merger. If he knew anything at all about their corporate bylaws  and he did  he knew that decision was irrevocable.
From the corner of his eye, he saw Calvin Pickett raise his desert plate to his mouth and drink every last drop of ice cream and syrup. Suppressing his sigh, he glanced at his watch. Only a few more minutes until the contract signing ceremony. A table had been set up in the center of the banquet hall with two chairs for the two representatives of the companies. At that table, in just a few minutes, Seth had only to sign his name a few times and he would be free.
~
Sunlight poured through the open boathouse door. Out on deck, the crew of the Lady Grace took to their stations as if theyd left the sea only yesterday. The captain was on the quarterdeck with the first mate and the boatswain, who barked orders to the crew below. Off to the side, Chris and Sarah just tried to stay the hell out of the way. 
There had been a slight lip beneath the top of the boathouse door that opened out to the sea. Though the consensus had been that the mainmast might very well slip beneath it, the engineer thought it best not to take any chances. Welders had worked all morning to remove the potential obstruction. 
When he got the all clear, the engineer nodded up to the captain before chirping something into a walkie talkie. From outside the boathouse came the sound of outboard motors. On signal, the boats began moving forward, and the half dozen ropes that linked these smaller boats to the larger vessel became taught. Then, Chris saw the wall of the boathouse start to move. He smiled moments later to realize the boathouse was staying put. It was the Lady Grace that was moving.
He glanced up at the captain, unsurprised to see him not glory in the moment, but remaining calm and maintaining a firm grip on the wheel. Chris watched him say something to the sailing master, who nodded and then scurried down the three steps to have a word with the boatswain. He nodded and said something to the men who manned the mainsail, then went forward and spoke with the two seamen manning the jib. The ship moved forward, ever forward, its progress marked by the daylight slowly inching across her deck.
Chris knew that a lot could still go wrong, but also understood then, for perhaps the first time, that this was not simply a collection of . . . well, there was no other word for it, thieves . . . but also among the finest sailors who ever lived. Whatever happened, he knew he was in good hands. 
Still, he couldnt help but glance up as the mainmast approached the door, cringing to think it might not make it. After it slipped beneath without incident, a cheer went up among the crew. The ship seemed to pick up speed as more and more rays of the sun shone brightly on her fresh paint. Moments later, the cheer grew louder as the Lady Grace finally slipped free of the boathouse and was again on the open water. 
On signal, the small motorized boats acting as tugs disengaged the ropes that had hauled her out, and seamen stationed at the bow of the ship pulled them in. The smaller boats peeled off and away, and the Lady Grace was on her own.
Chris turned to Sarah and smiled, remembering shed had a hearty laugh about his outrageous getup. When she asked what he was thinking, he just smiled and said it was a long story. The ship jerked beneath their feet. Looking ahead, they saw the men at the bow had raised the headsail. The Lady Grace bumped up and down as it filled, meeting the water head on while the wind propelled them forward. 
Out on the main deck, beneath the boom, a team began to work the halyard. The first man leaped to grab hold of it, then pulled it down as far and as fast as he could. A man beside him took up the slack, while a third man made another leap, and as they pulled, the sail began to rise. As the mainsail filled, the up and down motion subsided, and Chris raised his head to watch the head of the sail reach its destination fifty feet in the air. It began to feel as if they were flying.
At some point  Chris wasnt exactly sure when  Sarah had taken his hand in hers. The two leaned back in awe as the powerful vessel surged ahead. Where are we going? Sarah asked.
Chris glanced toward the quarterdeck and saw the captain finally enjoying the moment, thinking he had never looked more at home than he did right now. His mate and the boatswain had also stepped back to give the captain some space.
Im not sure, Chris began. Shouldnt be too far. I mean, its just a trial run, you know? To see how she shakes out and whatnot.
Sarah answered with Umm, but moments later, pointed to something off in the distance. What are they? she asked.
Chris glanced to where she pointed, somewhere far out to sea. He didnt quite believe what he was seeing, so he blinked hard and looked again. 
Umm, he answered quietly. Im not sure.
But what they LOOKED like were a long line of three-masted sailing ships of a sort that hadnt sailed these waters for a very long time. Probably just a trick of the sea, he thought.
Moments later, they heard barking. Turning toward it, they saw the captains mutt  whom Chris couldnt help but think had somehow started this whole thing  standing at the bow. He had his front legs over the railing and his head facing into the wind. His ears were back and his tail wagged ferociously. Chris smiled to realize it looked like a dog with its head out a car window. Maybe some things are just universal, he thought.
~
After dinner, members of the board lined up over by the windows in groups of twos and threes to watch the parade of ships pass by. Seth made his way over there, but his presence seemed to chill those who only moments before had been laughing and chatting it up. Now, standing alone by the window while a huge three-masted barque passed in the distance, he thought, screw them. Theyd had a good run. Before today was over, theyd all be rich too. And it was all because of him. Anyway, they could all walk away with their take, while he alone still had another year of service left to provide good old Zimmerman Furniture, before he could go lie on a beach somewhere and drink rum punches. And dont think that wasnt the first thing he planned to do.
He turned from the window and saw Calvin Pickett sitting alone at their table. His hands were stuffed down the front of his unbuckled pants. His chin rested against his chest as if he were napping. Seth still marveled at the fact hed come alone. He could understand why he hadnt brought along his board members. That message had been delivered. But to not bring along a lawyer or two to even look at the contracts before he signed? That was pure Calvin.
Glancing at his watch, Seth saw it was just before two. It was time to end this thing, to be rid of these thankless people once and for all. Walking to the center of the room, toward the ceremonial table bearing the contracts, he raised his voice and said, Excuse me, folks. Excuse me. I wonder if I might have your attention for a moment. And though hed had a speech all prepared, he figured he may as well put the kibosh on that too. It would only be wasted on these people.
~
The small sloop began harassing the tall ships just a few miles outside of Boston. 
In an egregious affront to the agreed upon sailing order of the day, it tacked to and fro between and among the larger ships with abandon. The skipper of a Portuguese brigantine who thought she came far too close attempted to raise her on the radio, to no avail. The captain of a French schooner simply shrugged and gave her the right of way, while sailors on a grand four-masted Argentine barque cheered their misbehavior and spurred her on. The small sloop managed to overtake most all the larger vessels, and with what some might call daring and gusto and others would call merely foolhardy, she screamed into Boston Harbor under a full head of sail.
Paying no attention to the larger vessels, she sailed straight toward that icon of the Boston waterfront, Long Wharf. Beyond that, a sea of crowds stood watching the parade from just outside the famed Boston Harbor Hotel. Seeing a ship under full sail, showing no sign of slowing, some of the more nervous types in the crowd began to slowly back away from what to them was obviously a looming disaster. Others stood their ground and raised their cellphone cameras to record what was obviously a looming disaster. With any luck, if they survived it, they could have the video on the Internet in seconds.
And still, she kept coming. Some thought she even picked up speed the closer she came. A minor panic broke out among those nearest the water as the ship began filling their horizon. The panic was so great that none in the crowd  not even those filming it  stopped to note a familiar black flag waving proudly on her yardarm. Closer and closer she came, close enough that some on shore would later swear they saw a kid on deck wearing an Alf T-shirt (though later magnification of the video proved inconclusive). Suddenly, just as it appeared the ship couldnt help but slam full-speed into the wharf, a shouted order came from her deck, and the ship swerved hard to port, sending huge plumes of water into the crowd.
She seemed to hang there a moment, an eerie ghost ship with, of all things, a dog barking excitedly on its deck. And then . . . her boom swung the other way, and wind again filled her sails. She was propelled parallel to the shore a moment before tacking hard back out to sea, picking up speed as she went. The stunned and now drenched crowd went silent a moment, before someone started applauding. Moments later a rousing cheer rose up. Whatever that was, it hadnt been listed in their twenty-dollar programs and anyway, the water was cooling. The crowd continued to watch as the ship sailed away, paying no attention to the huge Russian barque that was next on the program. And some in the crowd had a feeling that whatever this little ship was up to, its next destination could only be the nearby and well-known party boat, the Sojourner. It was headed straight for her.
~
Sojourner was doing a lazy ten knots along the south side of the harbor, sailing past Jimmys Harborside restaurant when the first mate saw something. 
Vessel approaching from the port side, Captain, he said. Fast. He handed his captain the binoculars. After peering through them, the captain smiled.
From their own bridge, theyd all watched the spunky little ship scream into the harbor, then put on a show for the crowd down on Long Wharf. The captain marveled at the seamanship, remembering doing the same in his younger days in the navy. While it had been going on, his humorless first mate began to say something about it being outrageous. One look from the captain put a stop to all that.
After asking himself again just what the hell we was doing piloting a three-star restaurant around the harbor, the captain ordered, All engines stop.
The first mate raised his eyebrows. But Captain . . . he began, stopping when the captain gave him another cold look. Sometimes, it seemed to him as if the captain didnt like his job very much. Then, surprisingly, the captain smiled. 
Handing his first mate the binoculars, the captain said, Have a closer look. While the mate was doing that, the captain addressed the bridge. It would seem, gentlemen, that our client has arranged some sort of entertainment and we were not informed. It happens sometimes. 
He waited for his first mate to lower the binoculars before going on. Unless, of course, you believe were about to be attacked by pirates. He waited a beat before turning to his first mate and asking, Do you believe were about to be attacked by pirates?
The look on the captains face revealed there was only one correct answer to that question. 
No, sir, the first mate answered. I surely dont.
~
Chris and Sarah held tight to the railing throughout their hellish rollercoaster ride. 
When they first came upon the tall ships, Chris had feared for a moment they had already made the . . . jump, or leap, or whatever the hell was going to happen later on tonight that would send the pirates . . . somewhere. Fortunately, Sarah had heard there was a parade of tall ships scheduled for this weekend in Boston, so that mystery was quickly solved. But as they scooted dangerously between the ships, passing far closer than Chris was comfortable with, he glanced at the captain and realized there was a method to his madness. It had been some time since his crew had worked together and they were, after all, rusty. So the captain had run them hard, shouting out maneuvers with which they were all familiar, and then doing them again and again until the captain was satisfied. Toward the end, they passed so close that Chris could tell what color a mans wide eyes were on the other decks.
On the other hand, when they started sailing straight toward the hotel, Chris was convinced the captain had lost his mind. Thinking back on it, with death staring him in the face, he wondered again if perhaps the captain hadnt been crazy this whole time. Chris had certainly thought so when he first encountered him naked and shouting in the sand. Come to think of it, the captain hadnt really changed at all. It was Chris who had done all the changing. But only as the ship was about to be shattered into a million pieces on the hard concrete of Long Wharf did Chris truly understood what was going on. The captain was reminding his men what kind of seaman he was, and what a mistake theyd made to put their faith in the likes of Sykes, who had ended up running them onto the rocks . . . 
Sykes. 
Thats what Chris had been trying to think of, what had been on the tip of his tongue for the last twenty-four hours or so. There had been no sign of the man for some time now. He wondered about that as he grasped Sarahs hand tighter, and forgot it completely while throwing his body against hers to shield her from certain death upon the hard rocks, only to end up laying on top of her and squeezing out her breath as the ship turned on a dime. That had been nice. But it lasted only a moment.
After executing the hairpin turn, the ship picked up speed as it sailed across the harbor, straight toward one of those massive and modern restaurant ships. Chris could only wonder what they were thinking on the bridge of that vessel, watching this obviously crazy ship approach, when . . . the restaurant ship slowed to a stop and dropped its anchor. Chris blinked once or twice to make sure he wasnt seeing things, but no. He wasnt. Just before the Lady Grace executed another of those slick maneuvers that brought her alongside the larger vessel, Chris saw the crew of the restaurant ship drop bumpers along their port side, as if welcoming the pirates to board.
When the two ships were side to side, Chris glanced to the deck of the restaurant ship and saw a uniformed older man there smiling. It could only be the captain. Behind him was another uniformed man who had a tic of some sort, perhaps reflecting doubts about the derring-do seamanship hed just witnessed. But the captain appeared to have no doubts at all. In fact, it looked as if he had reveled in it. Moments later, the crew of the larger ship lowered a metal ladder from their deck to the Lady Grace. 
The captain of the larger vessel smiled and waved in the direction of Hornblossom. Permission to come aboard! he asked.
Moments later, Chris watched two men come up from belowdeck. It was Barney, and behind him, his ever-present lawyer, Dawkins. Chris had wondered where Barney was, and smiled to know that hed made the maiden voyage of the newly rechristened ship after all. But why he hadnt enjoyed it from above deck, Chris had no idea. 
Today, Barney was dressed in a sharp suit and red tie. As always, his lawyer was wrinkled and unkempt, carrying his portfolio and a briefcase. But in a new twist, Chris saw the mans skin had gone a grayish green, stark evidence that he hadnt enjoyed the voyage at all. The two of them approached the ladder.
Hornblossom shouted, Permission granted, sir, and we welcome ya. But first . . . there be some men aboard me ship who have some business to attend to on yer own. Permission for them ta pass.
Their captain looked down at the elegant and well-dressed Barney. 
Sure! he yelled, thinking perhaps the man had missed the soiree and had simply found a novel way to get aboard. Climb on up!
Barney climbed the stairs while his lawyer trailed behind. Chris looked hard at his friends face, but wasnt sure exactly what he saw there. A mixture of resignation and anticipation and maybe, happiness was the best he could do, as if Barney were about to unburden himself of a very heavy load.
Chapter Nineteen
~
Though he promised himself he wouldnt, Seth couldnt help speechifying just a little bit. He spoke of Zimmermans long history, and how the marriage to Decatur Heath assured that history would continue well into the future. He told the assembled board they should be proud of the bold action theyd taken, and in an off-script moment, he invoked the name of his father, saying had he not been ill, he too would no doubt be supportive of the action theyd taken. 
Yet, throughout his speech and as before, none on the board would look him in the eye. He glanced over at Pickett only once during his talk to see the eighth-richest man in the world sat at the signing table with his arms crossed looking bored. Seth had even caught him glancing at his watch. God help me, Seth thought, the next year was going to be the longest of his life. But Pickett was right about one thing. It was time to finish this. 
In conclusion, he thanked the board for their long years of service and wished them all well in their future endeavors. With that, Seth took his place next to Pickett, picked up one of the ceremonial pens laid out before him, and signed his name to the first of the contracts. He expected there might be some congratulatory applause or . . . something to mark the event. But there was nothing. Oh well, he thought. Some people were just ungrateful. So, he laid that pen aside, picked up another, and signed his name to the next contract. He calculated that each of the eight signatures he would make this day was worth somewhere in the neighborhood of forty million dollars. And that was just his own cut.
Given the stakes, he wasnt surprised that his heart was pounding, or beads of sweat began popping up on his forehead. While signing the fourth contract  he was now up to one hundred and sixty million, by his own calculations  some sort of hullabaloo began going on across the room. Only after he signed the sixth contract did he begin to hear a smattering of applause that slowly grew into a rousing cheer. 
Finally, he thought. He wasnt quite sure what was so special about the sixth contract. Hed left all that to the lawyers. But as the cheer grew into a rousing crescendo, he smiled to know that at long last, the board was behind him. Looking up for the first time since sitting at the table, to bask in their belated but much appreciated thanks, he stared up into the face of his father. 
Hey, Seth, Barney said dryly. Whats shakin?
The sweat that had formed on Seths forehead now began streaming in rivulets down his face and into his eyes. In between the ongoing applause and slaps on his back, Seth watched his father turn to Pickett and greet him with a smile, such that youd never know that Pickett was the longtime hunter, and Barney  or at least the furniture empire hed built  was his longtime prey. The cheers and applause eventually died down. Those who had come forward to shake his hand or simply touch Barney, their long absent and much missed chairman, moved away to let the show continue, to let whatever was going to happen, happen.
Heard you was under the weather, Barney, Pickett said. Out of sorts. Not feeling well. Glad to see it aint so.
Barney smiled. You know, I suppose to a certain extent that has been true. But Im here to tell you, he said, turning to the assembled board, many of them friends of forty years. Im here to tell you all . . . that Im feeling much better now, and that I appreciate the continued faith youve shown in me. 
Another round of applause and some scattered whistles broke out.
At that moment, Seth realized he hadnt moved a muscle since glancing up into the face of his father. Hed let the sweat flow down his face and into his eyes, not wanting the humiliation of anyone thinking it was . . . something else. On some level, he understood what he was doing  in fact, had already done  was the ultimate betrayal of his father. But no, his mind insisted. His father had been slipping off the deep end for years. Seth was doing what was in the best interests of the company. He refused to believe anything else. And if the best interests of the company happened to coincide with his own best interests, so be it.
When the most recent set of cheers ebbed, Pickett said, You aint here to try and put the kibosh on this deal, are you Barney? Throw a monkey wrench into the works? Nip it in the bud? Because my lawyers tell me it is already ironclad one-hundred percent done, this little dog and pony show Sparky here put on notwithstanding.
Seth cringed at again being called Sparky, not sure he could survive a whole year of it
Not at all, Calvin, his father said. Not at all. You and I both know youve been pursuing the Zimmerman chain for years, and it appears that in my prolonged absence, youve finally been successful. Congratulations. And you know, he said, turning to stare into the face of his son. Setting aside any personal thoughts I may have on the matter, perhaps it is time for Zimmerman to take its place among the national brands, to bring its tradition of service and value to more than the six New England states. So no, Calvin. Im not here to stop anything. In fact, Im here in my role as Chairman of Zimmerman Furniture to sign these contracts myself.
Chair . . . what? Seth asked, the words out of his mouth before he could stop them. He realized at that same moment why none of the board wanted anything to do with him today.
Yes, Seth, Barney said. It seems as if some of the old guard on the board thought it appropriate that if Zimmerman were to be sold, that its founder and chairman be the one to sell it. Would you mind? he asked.
It took Seth a moment to understand he was being asked to vacate his chair. In what seemed like slow motion, he put down his pen and lifted himself from behind the table. He noticed then, standing behind his father, was Dawkins, his ever-present lawyer, looking dapper as usual. 
Barney stepped behind the table and sat down to rousing applause. He picked up the contracts Seth had already signed and began affixing his own signature to the documents.
I understand, Calvin, Barney said while writing, that the entire management team including my Seth has agreed to stay on for at least another year. Is that correct?
You know it is, Barney, Pickett said. Wouldnt have it any other way. Its the way I do business. One of my rules.
Barney smiled. Setting that contract aside, he picked up the next. 
We appreciate that, Calvin. We really do. I know youll find we have a first-rate management team, most all of whom have been with us for many years. In fact, Im certain youll want to retain them all far beyond that.
We usually do, Calvin replied. But remember, Decatur Heath is a great place to work too, for the right people that is. Folks willing to work hard. Pull together. Work as a team.
Barney smiled again and signed his name. That is wonderful news, Calvin. Im certain my own Seth is quite looking forward to spending the next year with you.
Seth felt a tightness in his groin. 
Me and Sparky get along just fine, Pickett said. Two peas in a pod. But now you mention it, he has been a little slow to pick up on things. Between you and me, Im not sure hes even read my book. But weve got plenty of time to fix that.
Barney set aside the sixth pen and raised the seventh. I have no doubt of that, Calvin, he said. No doubt at all. In fact, I expect Seth will want to stay on far longer than just the one year.
Seth braced himself, thinking a little pee might have come out. 
You see, Barney went on. The Zimmerman family stock is all quite restricted. Certainly, our family will have a very good payday today. Unfortunately, buried in all the legalese, is that upon the sale of the company, our family stock reverts to several trusts. The lawyers put that in place years ago. So yes, were very rich indeed. However, Im afraid only annual stipends will be paid out, much like an allowance.
Barney waited for that to sink in before looking up at his son and going on.
But fear not, Seth. Ive arranged it so your annual stipend will match your current salary. You shouldnt at all have to modify your standard of living. Even better news, your children will receive a similar stipend, and their children, and their children, for many generations to come. And though I suppose it wont necessarily be enough to live off for the more slothful future Zimmermans, it should ensure that most of their basic needs are met, provided they supplement their income with honest labor.
Barney signed his name to the seventh contract and went on.
You know, Calvin. You mentioned your book. I, for one, have long thought there should be a sequel. Have you ever thought about it?
Only every day, Pickett answered.
Smiling, Barney raised his pen over the eighth and final contract before going on. 
I suspect youve already thought of this, but it occurs to me that the contract Seth has signed to work for you is on the order of a personal services contract. Am I right about that.
Thats what the lawyers call it, Pickett responded.
Wonderful, wonderful. Basically, that means that Seths talents dont necessarily need to be wasted up here in Boston running Zimmerman, but in fact, you could ask him to do anything at all, is that correct?
Pickett nodded. Barney signed the last contract and lay the pen down.
Now, Im the last one to tell you how to run your business. But if I were you, Id take the most advantage of Seth by moving him and his family to Muncie and allowing him to work closely with you each day. Let Seth record those pearls of wisdom as they come! Let him jot down any ideas or random thoughts you may have. I think that by simply being there with you, shoulder to shoulder, in the rough and tumble of the business world, before the year is finished, youll have that sequel. Might even end up with more rules!
Seth was certain at that moment some pee had escaped.
Barney smiled and leaned back in his chair. 
Pickett raised his eyebrows and turned to a now leaking from most every orifice Seth.
Sparky, he began. I see now just where it is you get your business sense. Now, I confess that when I bought the joint, I hadnt at all considered that maybe, its best asset was you. And so, in the spirit of this merger between two great companies, I am going to grant your fathers wishes and then some.
Seth started feeling lightheaded. Dizzy. His world turned black as Pickett went on.
I have only two questions, Sparky. How quick can you get to Muncie, and how are your Lotus 1-2-3 skills? Gonna have to brush up on those to work for me. In fact, thats one of my new rules. Write that down, Sparky!
Seths knees buckled. Mercifully, his mind shut down as he collapsed to the floor. Barney peered over the table at his now prone son. To his left, Pickett spoke.
Bet it was the salmon, he said. Took one bite myself and knew somethin was off.
~
Chris guessed they were about halfway home when Barney emerged from below deck, looking happier and more at peace than he had in a long time. Hed changed his clothes too, no longer wearing the fine blue suit, but beige khakis with a black belt, boat shoes, and a white, almost blousy shirt with many buttons. Chris smiled to think it appeared almost . . . piratical, if there was such a word. His gray hair whipped every which way in the late afternoon breeze. Chris remembered then it was sometimes easy to forget that Barney was a very old man. 
He smiled as he approached Sarah and Chris. You two having fun? he asked, kind enough not to mention Chriss getup. Sarah answered for them both. 
Ill never forget it, she said, squeezing Chriss hand as if to underline the point. 
Barney turned to Chris. Well, son, he said. What do you think of the job we did rebuilding your ship? Everything to your satisfaction?
Chris smiled to hear Barney again call it his ship. After the business with Cobb and credit, it seemed now as if only Barney and his mother remembered hed had anything to do with it at all. Of course, neither Cobb nor his mother knew the half of it.
No complaints from me, Chris answered, turning to glance at Hornblossom. Still on the quarterdeck steering the ship, he took no notice of Chris. His eyes were far away while he scanned the horizon. 
While Barney and his lawyer had been on the other ship, Hornblossom welcomed the captain of the Sojourner onto the Lady Grace, showing her off like a proud father. After the party boats captain praised his seamanship, Hornblossom ordered a bottle of port be brought on deck and the two toasted each other until the bottle was gone. Chris noticed the Sojourners mate watching with disapproval, however, if Chris had learned anything, it was that the captain was truly the master of his ship. He wondered if it were the only place left where one mans word was such law. 
Barney went on, pulling him from his thoughts. So what happens tonight? he asked eagerly, sounding like a little boy. 
Chris smiled for only a moment before his face went serious.
Im not really sure, he answered. I just think . . . whatevers going to happen, if anything, its going to happen at ten-fifty eight. Thats when the moon goes new. I also suspect that whatevers going to happen, its going to happen just outside Nutmeg Cove, the place the ship went down.
Barney nodded. Well then, he answered. Seems like weve got an appointment at Nutmeg Cove to keep, doesnt it?
~
The Lady Grace dropped anchor in the cove just off Barneys estate. There was no need for her to go back into the boathouse, Chris knew, as there were only a few hours left before she would make her final journey, in this time and place anyway.
The captain ordered the cook prepare a feast, to celebrate both all they had accomplished and their last night on the Rump. After much discussion and heated argument, the crew insisted the cook make some of the local delicacies to which theyd become accustomed, specifically these things called hot dogs and hamburgers. They insisted as well there be made available plenty of ketchup and mustard and relish, and that each man be allowed his fill of fried potato chips, specifically, the ones that came in the bag with the owl on them. 
The cook muttered beneath his breath before going below to accede to their wishes. Chris smiled again to see pirate democracy in action. He and Sarah sat with Billy during dinner, enjoying his company one last time before hed be gone forever. Though he remained quiet, the captain came over and joined them for a few minutes. He winked at Chris, reminding him that hed promised to make a pirate out of him. 
Chris smiled back, remembering all the lawlessness that his acquaintance with Hornblossom and his ship had gotten him involved with, and couldnt argue that hed kept his promise. 
When the captain got up to leave, he reached his hand down to Chris, who stood and took it.
Couldnt have accomplished any of this without ye, young Christopher. An know Ill be ferever in yer debt.
Meeting Hornblossoms eye, Chris shook his hand, squeezing it for a moment. Goes both ways, Captain, he said. Goes both ways. 
Hornblossom smiled and nodded, then squeezed Chriss hand one last time before setting off to make final preparations for their journey. As he walked away, Chris watched the captain throw his last bit of hot dog into the air. Walking beside him, as always, his dog leaped acrobatically and snatched it right out of the air. Chris smiled. 
Dusk approached.
~
With the sun down, Chris and Sarah made their own final preparations to depart the Lady Grace. There was a launch waiting below to take them to the boathouse and to the Pamela, where they and Barney would accompany the ship over to Nutmeg Cove for . . . whatever was to happen. The two said goodbye to all their pirate friends. When he said goodbye to Billy, Chris pulled him close and whispered in his ear, bits of information it might be helpful to know, the kind of information that in the right hands would make someone very, very rich. 
Billy smiled and thanked him, assuring Chris hed take advantage. Looking down, Chris said it was nothing, hoping if he ever found himself in a similar situation, someone would do the same for him. He glanced around one last time for Hornblossom, but guessed the two of them had already said their goodbyes. Then, as Sarah and Chris approached the ladder that would take them to their launch, night turned into day. 
Spotlights from Barneys estate above came on, shining brightly down toward the ship. The boathouse lights came on too. From the open water just outside the cove, brilliant beams of light began shining in their direction from what looked like a half-dozen vessels. One of them appeared to Chris about the size and shape of a medium-sized Coast Guard Cutter. 
Raising his hands, he shielded his eyes, then turned to watch the boathouse gangways fill with uniformed men. Looking to the estate above, behind the bright lights he saw the silhouettes of dozens of helmeted and, he assumed, uniformed men. Across the water, coming from what Chris assumed was the Coast Guard Cutter, an amplified voice could be heard.
Unknown vessel. Unknown vessel. Stand by for boarding. Repeat, unknown vessel. Stand by for boarding.
Turning again, Chris watched in horror as the crew of the Lady Grace did . . . well . . . what the crew of the Lady Grace did. 
From below, cutlasses began coming up the stairs. Men carrying two or three threw them expertly across the deck to men who had none. Other men placed daggers in their teeth before they began climbing the rigging to what Chris assumed were their battlestations. In the midst of this well practiced chaos, Chris saw Hornblossom come up from below, grabbing a belt with a sword and sheath from the man who waited there. Placing it around his waist while walking, he buckled it without missing a stride. When he reached the quarterdeck and joined the first mate, his voice boomed across the night. 
Prepare to repel, men! Prepare to repel!
It was a tone of voice Chris hadnt heard before, but one he could instantly tell Hornblossom had used many times. It was his true pirate voice. 
The order came again from the cutter. Unknown vessel. Prepare to be boarded. Repeat. Prepare to be boarded.
Across the water, Chris watched as a light approached, getting bigger by the moment. Glancing up, he saw the men in the rigging remove their knives from their teeth and rear back to throw them. Moments later, he heard the whooshing sounds of what could only be dozens of cutlasses being removed from their sheaths. 
The approaching boat moved closer. Chris glanced toward Hornblossom and saw that he too had drawn his sword. He had to stop this.
Letting go of Sarahs hand, he began running across the deck. Raising his hand, he shouted, Wait . . . wait . . . wait!
When he reached the other railing, he heard a squeal as the motors of the approaching boat shifted into reverse, slowing it. Chris leaned over the rail, almost able to make it out. He had his hand still raised when he turned to Hornblossom and saw the captain staring daggers in his direction. Chris didnt care.
Wait! he shouted one more time, meeting the captains stare before turning again. He recognized the seal on the front of the wheelhouse moments before making out the name emblazoned across the front: Massachusetts State Police. On its deck were dozens of officers, all wearing riot gear and bulletproof vests. All had their guns drawn. 
Chris felt the blood drain from his face, but kept his hand raised, both to signal the pirates behind him to hold off, and perhaps to let the cops across the water know that they werent going to find any trouble on board this ship. He watched the state police vessel execute a nifty quarter turn, quite similar to the move Hornblossom made earlier at the hotel, which brought their boat right alongside the Lady Grace. At about that same moment, he watched the cops on deck begin poking each other and pointing. It took more than a moment for Chris to realize they were pointing at him. Why, he had no idea. 
At the very moment he looked down at himself, he heard waves of laughter begin breaking out on board the police vessel. They were laughing at him, of course. At his outfit. Though his face burned red, he really couldnt blame them. Hed have done the same in their shoes. So with nothing else to do, he smiled. 
From across the way, he heard a mirthful officer say, Hey, there. Alf. Mind catching this rope? Chris looked up in time to see the rope coming his way. Catching it, he pulled it toward him and saw other officers waiting with other ropes. He glanced toward Hornblossom and saw hed get no help there. 
Billy, he shouted. Sarah! Come help me.
He heard one set of feet running across the deck, and moments later heard another he knew were Billys. The three of them captured the ropes and tied them off. When a cop handed over a ladder, Chris was the only one there to take it. He understood then the pirates would offer no assistance in the taking of their own vessel. Chris couldnt blame them. He glanced once more at Hornblossom and saw betrayal in his eyes. Chris couldnt blame him either. He looked away quickly. When he looked over again toward the other ship, he realized that another mystery was solved.
Chapter Twenty
~
A state police captain read the list of charges. There were a whole lot of them too, so it went on for a while. A slew of charges came from the Coast Guard, from having an unregistered vessel to a series of suspicion of . . . suspicion of . . . charges stemming from their actions today in Boston Harbor. None of them came as a real surprise, but Chris sweated that they might also be suspected of . . . well, some of the more minor ones, like theft, robbery, kidnapping, etc. Any of the few dozen or so other charges that might come from some of their more interesting capers of the summer.
While the charges were read, Chris glanced from person to person, at all of those who had come across from the state police boat to the Lady Grace. Officer Lucas was there, though that was no surprise. Right on his heels came Arthur Cobb, looking quite smarmy this evening. Indeed, the smirk hadnt left his face. Chris knew why, of course. He would be getting his ship back. There was no doubt about that now. 
The presence of Park Ranger Quinn, who Chris remembered had been on the beach that morning so long ago, made sense. They had even brought along Haskins, the Park Service archeologist whod been there too. Probably to confirm that beneath all the new wood and masts and paint, that yes indeed, this was the same vessel pulled from the sand that day, a vessel that belonged to the Park Service, Chris knew.
Standing behind Cobb and Lucas, as if to protect him from the murderous stares of his former shipmates, stood Sykes. Chris still hadnt figured out that one yet. Surely he knew, like all the crew did, that tonight was their one opportunity to get back home. Chris shuddered to think that maybe he just liked it here. That thought brought another shudder, because if they didnt resolve this situation in the next fifteen minutes or so, Chris knew that the crew of the Lady Grace would be here for all time. He almost smiled to think about that, wondering what sort of lives theyd make for themselves. But he didnt, because the mere thought of that was more than Chris could bear. It had been a fun summer, all right, one he would never forget. But summer was over. It was time for everyone  including him  to get back to their lives. 
The state police captain droned on. 
. . . Section 2.12 of the National Seashore Antiquity Act, absconding with a national treasure . . . 
Blah blah blah. 
Chris heard a familiar voice come from behind. It was Barney.
Gentlemen, he began. This is all quite interesting, and we do appreciate you taking the time to visit. I certainly dont wish to be rude, however I think I can speak for the owner of this vessel when I say you have all worn out your welcome, and wed very much appreciate it if youd leave this vessel immediately.
Turning, Chris saw Barney standing off to the side, next to his ever-present lawyer. 
The state police captain was apparently a man who didnt appreciate being interrupted. Turning to his lieutenant, he said, Arrest that man. The lieutenant moved toward Barney. 
Moving faster than Chris had ever seen him, his lawyer stepped in front of him.
Youre not going to do that, Dawkins said. And Id reiterate my clients request, based on our understanding of the wishes of the owner of this vessel, that you gentlemen remove yourselves. I warn you there will be consequences if you dont, not the least of which is criminal trespass.
The lieutenant stopped in his tracks. Glancing up, Chris saw even the state police captain looked confused now. Chris couldnt blame him. He had no idea what was going on either.
Sir, the state police captain began. Have you been listening? Ive just listed dozens and dozens of charges . . .
All of which are merely citable, the lawyer said. And if the Coast Guard or yourselves wish to cite us, then I ask that you cite us now and be on your way.
As the confused silence lingered, an anxious Cobb stepped forward to fill it. Chris noticed he seemed to take a special glee in glaring at Barney, wondering again just what was the history between them.
Perhaps you havent heard properly, Cobb said. This vessel has been IMPOUNDED by the state police, acting at the request of the Park Service, its legal owner. This vessel was found on PARK SERVICE property, and is therefore the property of the PARK SERVICE. Laughing a little, obviously enjoying the moment, he went on. Mr. Quinn and Mr. Haskins here are the authorized representatives of the owner of this vessel, so Im afraid it is YOU who are trespassing. Turning to the state police captain, he asked, Can we end this charade, please? Just arrest them all.
With the array of still only half-read charges in his hand, the state police captain glanced first at his lieutenant, then at the dozen or so riot-clad officers hed brought on board to quell any disturbance. Just when he appeared about to nod his head, Barney spoke.
Officer, Barney said. If I may, I think I can clear up any confusion. When he got no immediate objection from the still confused state police captain, he went on. 
Mister Haskins, he said, addressing the Park Service archeologist. Im sure youre familiar with the act designating this section of the Cape part of the National Seashore?
Haskins nodded. Barney went on. 
Then Im sure youre also aware that the act designates that all contiguous land along that stretch of shoreline is to be part of the National Seashore?
Though his eyes narrowed, Haskins nodded again. Barney continued. 
And you are aware, are you not, that at the time this vessel was found, the Rump was not contiguous with the rest of the shoreline? 
Catching on, Haskins said, Now, wait a minute . . .
Barney interrupted. Did you come to the Rump the day the vessel was found? 
Haskins froze, finally understanding where this was all going. Barney asked it again. 
Mister Haskins, please. Did you come to the Rump the day this vessel was found or didnt you?
Haskins could only nod.
And what conveyance brought you here? Barney asked.
Haskins just looked down. Barney smiled.
What Mister Haskins is acknowledging, Barney said, addressing the police captain now, is it was necessary for him to take a boat to the Rump that day, because the stretch connecting the Rump to the mainland washed away the day before. Isnt that so, Officer Lucas?
Though confused as all get-out and feeling like an extra wheel, Lucas appreciated Barney bringing him into things. 
Thats true, he answered. Day before.
Barney went on. 
Now, my lawyer tells me that because the Rump was no longer contiguous, per the Seashore Acts quite carefully worded language, at the time this vessel was found, the Rump was not part of the National Seashore.
Haskins was flabbergasted, but smiled to know at least he had something to hang his hat on.
Word games is all that is, he said. Just word games. And we have lawyers too, you know.
Quite right, Barney answered. Quite right. In fact, it was your lawyers who chose the word contiguous when there are so many other wonderful words to choose from. It will be interesting to learn in court exactly why they chose that specific word, and if that is your desire, thats where this issue will be decided, in court. But until that day comes, I think it only fair we ask its current and legal owner what his wishes are.
~
Chris watched the back and forth like a ping pong game. At one point, Sarah sidled up beside him and took his hand in hers. That was nice. She whispered, Whats going on? during one particularly heated exchange, and all Chris could do was shrug. 
He watched as Cobb put on his little show, only to get the beat down from Barney. That was nice too. Sykes stayed cowering behind Cobb and Lucas through it all, first with a supercilious grin on his face, and later, when he sensed the tide turning against his scheme, his smirk was all but washed away. Thinking back on it, Chris now understood how it happened: Sykes went to Cobb, Cobb went to Lucas, and Lucas brought the whole thing to the state police, who learned today that the Coast Guard wanted a piece of it as well.
While Chris had been thinking those things, his mind drifted. When he finally brought his full attention back on deck, he noticed they were all staring at him. Looking over at Hornblossom, Chris saw the captain had lost that betrayed look and now stared at him questioningly. Turning to Barney, Chris saw he had a smile on his face, but he also stared expectantly. Barneys lawyer was staring too, as was the entire crew of the Lady Grace. 
He stopped himself from looking down at his stupid T-shirt, figuring thats what it was, before finally asking, What?
Turning to Sarah, he saw at a glance that she was as confused as he. He chanced a quick glance toward Arthur Cobb, who merely glared at Chris with murder in his eyes. Oh well, Chris thought. He figured that after this, he might just have to get used to that. 
Frustrated now, he asked it again. What!
The question on the floor, Barney said. Is what does the rightful owner of the Lady Grace wish to do about these trespassers?
It took a moment for a light to dawn inside Chriss head. When it did, he glanced toward Barney, who smiled and again began to speak.
Its what Ive been telling you all along, Chris. The Lady Grace is yours. All yours. Every bit of her. Every spar, every beam, every . . . he shot a look at Cobb. Every artifact associated with her, they belong to you, to do with as you please, just as surely as if youd found sunken treasure. Its the law of the sea, my boy. Been that way a long, long time. And this ship is yours.
Chris looked toward Hornblossom, who answered his unasked question.
Aye, tis true laddie, he said grudgingly, though his eyes twinkled. An it were just as true in me own day as it is now. In fact, its exactly how I stumbled upon me first ship . . .
The crew of the Lady Grace broke out in guffaws. Hornblossom went on, wide-eyed, feigning injury. 
Tis the honest truth, I swear! Ya see, the ship was abandoned when I come across her. At least . . . that was me story.
There were some more guffaws and hooting from the crew before the captain went on.
Anyway, lad  an me crew will attest ta this  I don take orders from jes anyone, specially orders of the handwavin kind, or of the sort where someone shouts wait!
He paused to let the crews laughter pass before continuing. 
But never let it be said that I don take orders from the rightful owner of a vessel. An right now, all tings bein equal, that would be you. An so, ta bring this matter to a close, ifn I remember correctly, the question on the floor was . . . what ye be wantin ta do with the men who even now be trespassin on board yer ship?
Chris glanced up and saw even the state police captain looked down at him expectantly. 
Id prefer, Chris began, though I have to say, its been real nice having you all on board and stuff . . . but for right now? Id prefer it if you all leave. But really, thanks for coming.
Immediately, Haskins and Cobb began entreating the state police captain to put a stop to this madness and arrest all these men. He just held up his hands, silencing those around him, then turned first to his lieutenant, and then to the phalanx of officers on either side of the ship. 
Everybody off this boat, he ordered. Now. 
His booted men began shuffling across the deck toward the ladder. Turning to Haskins, he said, Sounds to me like you have a court problem. Go to court to solve it. 
With that, he turned around and made his way toward the ladder, with Haskins following behind, badgering him all the way.
~
Lucas, Cobb, and Quinn lingered after the state police left the vessel, with Sykes cowering behind, looking for whatever protection they could offer. Lucas reached up and pushed his hat back on his head, not sure where to begin. 
There are still matters pending, he said, certain now these were the men responsible for the lumber warehouse and Wal-Mart capers, and almost certainly behind the raid on Costco the other evening. 
But right now, he had no way to prove it. That the men were dressed like pirates was circumstantial. And he suspected someone would have remembered a fifty-foot sloop making its way to the mainland on the nights of the robberies. 
On the other hand, there sure were a lot of cutlasses on display, and those might be traced back to Wal-Mart.
Looking up, he saw Barney Zimmerman nod to the one they called the captain. After returning the nod, the captain began to speak.
Sir . . . with respect, we be more than aware of all the trouble we caused yer foin community. An this bein our last night here, we humbly ask that ye assist us in makin restitution fer all the trouble we caused.
The captain threw something toward him, which Lucas instinctively reached out and caught. It was a bag of some sort, and heavy. It jingled. Removing the Maglite from his belt, he untied the string that held the bag closed and opened it. Flashing the light inside, he saw the bag was filled with hundreds of those same coins that had been turning up over the last few months. 
Shaking his head he retied the bag and threw it back to the captain. Not sure what the joke is, he said. But you can keep your funny money. But did I hear you say something about leaving?
The captain nodded. 
Aye, tis true. We sail upon the tide.
And youre not coming back, right? Lucas asked.
Alas, I dont expect so, the captain answered sadly.
Lucas thought for a moment before glancing toward Quinn, who nodded imperceptibly. Lucas knew Quinn shared his desire for the Rump to return to more peaceful times, before this wretched ship began turning up again . . . and again. And if the staties werent going to touch it, getting involved in this was the last thing Lucas wanted to do. He turned to the captain. 
Gonna hold you to that, he said, before turning and heading for the ladder. 
Cobb went apoplectic. Youre not doing your job! he shouted. This vessel is stolen property! I pay taxes in this town, and believe me, a full report of your malfeasance will be made to your superiors . . .
He yammered on like that while following Quinn and Lucas across the ladder and beyond. Before Sykes could follow, two heavy-set gunners stepped in his way.
Mr. Sykes, Hornblossom said gently. Wed be eternally grateful if youd decide ta join us on our voyage. In fact, we wouldn dream of leavin without ya.
The gunners each took one of Sykes arms and began dragging him, kicking and screaming, down below. At that same moment, a heavy mist began washing up over the boat. Barney glanced down at his watch.
Its well past time, he said.
~
From the deck of the Pamela, Chris and Sarah watched the Lady Grace as they followed her to Nutmeg Cove. The ship was only visible intermittently. The mist that began just before theyd departed the Lady Grace had only grown heavier over time. It was now a greenish pea soup, breaking up only occasionally to allow them brief glimpses of the stars overhead, and the shining beacon of the Reisenhower Comet sailing low on the horizon. Every now and then, they saw a flash of heat lightning followed by the sound of a heavy thunderclap off in the distance.
Whats going to happen? Sarah asked.
Chris went thoughtful for a while before he spoke.
I have no idea, he said. But I suspect theyll know it when they see it.
He watched Sarah seem to hesitate before she spoke. Unusual for her, he thought. What are you thinking? he asked.
She took a moment to pose her question.
Well . . . isnt it going to change everything? 
How do you mean? Chris asked.
Going back in time . . . going back to where they came from. Isnt that going to change the way everything is now?
Chris almost smiled, thinking about all the time travel movies hed seen. I wouldnt worry about that, he said.
Why not? Sarah asked.
It was Chriss turn to take a moment to phrase his response. He waited for a series of loud thunderclaps to pass.
Theyre not going back in time, he answered wistfully. I dont know much about anything, but Im pretty sure you cant go back in time.
The same fear that Sarah had just given voice to occurred to him a few weeks ago. A few hours of Internet investigation convinced him that, setting aside science fiction movies and weird conspiracy theories, Einsteinian physics ruled the day. It simply wasnt possible to go back in time.
Then where are they going? Sarah asked quietly.
Chris had wondered the same thing himself.
I dont know, he said. Another dimension . . . a parallel universe . . . maybe a wormhole. Something like that. Who knows? Maybe even heaven, a heaven they were denied entrance to during all the years they spent in some kind of netherworld or purgatory right here on the Rump.
Chris knew from his research the first three possibilities hed mentioned were possible, or at least Einstein thought so. The fourth? Even Einstein knew that couldnt be proven, but he believed in it anyway. And if it was good enough for Einstein, it was good enough for Chris.
They heard soft footsteps approach through the mist. Chris thought it might be Barney coming to join them. When the figure emerged, Chris was surprised to see it was Barneys lawyer, Dawkins. He came over and joined them on the rail.
Wheres Barney? Chris asked.
The lawyer didnt answer, but kept his stare fixed for the occasional sighting of the Lady Grace through the mist. She was about fifty yards away now, sailing true.
The lawyers glance answered Chriss question anyway. Barney had joined the pirates on their adventure to who knew where. He felt a pang of sadness at the loss of his friend.
He loved you, you know, Dawkins said out of the blue.
Chris choked up. I know, he answered quietly.
A hand reached up and began rubbing his back. Sarah.
The mist grew heavier, the thunderclaps closer. The lightning too. But the lightning they glimpsed across the water had a curious greenish tint to it. Beneath his feet, Chris felt the Pamelas engines slow, then stop. The Lady Grace sailed on. 
Dawkins continued. Hes made arrangements for you, he began. The estate and mansion are to become a wild animal preserve. Barney has big plans for it, all well laid out. Theres a place reserved for you there, part time until you finish school, full-time afterward. Ultimately, the directorship if you want it. He always watched you around the animals, you know. Said you were a natural. Anyway, theres plenty of time for us to talk about that.
An unnatural thunderclap came from across the sea, followed by a blinding flash of green. In that instant, illuminated through the fog, was the outline of the Lady Grace at full sail. From across the water, they began to hear the haunting sound of a lone voice singing.
If you dont mind my asking, Chris said, turning to Dawkins. What was Cobbs beef with Barney anyway?
Dawkins smiled. Cobb was on the zoning board years ago. He objected to everything Barney did, from the size of his estate to the design of his house to ultimately, the animals. He did everything he could to put roadblocks in Barneys way. Until they came to an accommodation, that is.
What was it? Chris asked, almost not wanting to know.
Cobbs books, Dawkins answered. Every one of them has long passages lifted from other things. Other writers. Dont get me wrong, the stuff that was Cobbs and Cobbs alone was quite good. Insightful even. But so much was lifted from other places, with no credit to the authors, that it had to be on purpose. But he had so much of his persona tied up in those things, from the lectures to the newspaper interviews, he was mortified it would ever come out. And so, the roadblocks to Barneys plans were at an end.
Chris contemplated that a moment, understanding just a little what it was like for Cobb to take credit for anothers work. He could only shake his head.
Across the water, a second man had taken up the chorus from the first. As he sang and shouted the lines, other men shouted them back, and before you knew it, the whole ship was singing along:
Ive got a coat and a nobby, nobby coat
Ive got a coat a-seen a lot of rough weather
For the sides are near wore out and the back is flying about
And the linings looking out for better weather.
Another loud thunderclap followed by a brilliant flash of green lightning illuminated the sky. For a moment, the stars above, the sliver of new moon, and the comet, were all adorned in a green hue. The singing stopped. All went quiet.
~
Chris, Sarah, and Dawkins lingered long enough for the mist to clear and the stars to shine brilliantly overhead. The sliver of visible moon smiled down upon them like the Cheshire cat, while the comet continued its oblivious journey toward the sun.
The cook has prepared some snacks in the salon, Dawkins said. Or if youd prefer, theyd be happy to make you something else. The ship and crew are yours for as long as youd like.
Chris realized then he was indeed ravenous. And it was long past time for him to find a head. Turning to Sarah, he smiled. She had continued rubbing his back throughout, and he hesitated for that to stop. But nature called.
Sarah returned his smile and pulled her hand away. When she realized theyd been staring at each other far longer than necessary, she made her hand into a fist and punched his arm. Still smiling, he returned the volley.
Bending over, he picked up the bag containing his clothes  his real clothes, he smiled to remember. He was still dressed in the pirate getup Hornblossom had selected for him. Glancing down at the T-shirt and the goofy furry creature, he thought then it wasnt really that bad. Kind of retro, actually. Make a good conversation piece, anyway. He might just keep it.
Of course, his bag was heavier now than it was when hed taken it on board the Lady Grace. After he and Sarah had said their goodbyes and climbed down into the launch that would take them to the Pamela, he heard a shout from above and looked up.
Laddie! It was Hornblossom. 
Chris saw him raise his hand and begin waving it.
Wait! he shouted.
Chris smiled at the joke, then saw Hornblossom release something from his hand, throwing it across the water in his direction. Reaching out, Chris caught the surprisingly heavy thing. Looking down, he saw it was the bag of coins Hornblossom had tried to give Lucas to settle his accounts in town. Hefting it, he realized there had to be hundreds of coins inside.
Looking up, he saw a gleam in Hornblossoms eye. Then, the captain removed his hat with his right hand, raised his left daintily to his waist, and executed a delicate, almost feminine bow. From his seated position, Chriss own attempt wasnt at all as elegant as the captains. But after looking up again, he could tell the captain appreciated the effort anyway as the two waved goodbye.
~
Lucas stood at the end of the long dock where the state police boat had dropped them off. Cobb had continued his nattering throughout their voyage. Lucas put up with it for as long as he could before growing tired of it, and Cobb calmed down some after Lucas threatened to arrest him. Funny how that worked, he thought.
While saying their goodbyes, Quinn and Lucas shook hands and gave each other a knowing glance that soon, the Rump would return to its normal, lazy self. In fact, Lucas knew it would happen as soon as the day after tomorrow, when all the tourists went home for the summer. Granted, things wouldnt return to complete normal until after theyd rebuilt the stretch. But that didnt look like it was happening anytime soon. Oh well, he thought. You cant have everything.
Beneath the twinkling stars, he reached into his pocket and removed the coins hed carried with him throughout the night. He had planned to confront the pirates with them, but after learning they were leaving, he decided to let it slide. After all, what harm had been done? Couple of discounted burgers or sodas was really all it amounted to. He was almost embarrassed to think hed contemplated bringing the Feds in on it.
He took one last glance at the  Panamanian? Was that what the man said?  things before reaching back and heaving them over his head, moments later hearing them plunk as they fell into the murky waters below. What was done was done, he thought, feeling cleaner now. Yes, hed no doubt covered up a crime, let some petty criminals off the hook. But hed used his own discretion, and discretion was the most valuable tool in his arsenal. There would be other opportunities, other cases that would get him that promotion to detective. On the other hand, he thought, once he made that grade, his trips to the Rump would be fewer and far between. Hmm, he thought. Have to think about that.
Anyway, hed missed Fridays episode and had it waiting on his DVR back home. It was a big one. Angelina was due to have her baby. He couldnt wait.
~
It was well after three oclock in the morning by the time Chris made it home, taking off his funky boots and tiptoeing down the stairs so as not to wake his mother or disturb the guests. Exhausted, he threw his clothes on the floor and climbed into bed, where sleep came almost immediately. He had some dreams, most of which took place on the water, but they were the sorts of dreams hed have no memory of come morning. 
But there was one he would remember, in which he heard his mother laughing in a way she hadnt laughed in a while. Then, he heard a voice. It was a mans voice. Nothing special about it. But in his sleep, Chris smiled to hear it. His eyes half-opened. Daylight streamed through his window. Minutes or hours later, he heard footfalls come down the stairs followed by a knock on his door. From outside his door, he heard a once familiar voice say, Hey buddy! Get the hell out of bed. In his now half-awakened state, he smiled.
~
From SwashbucklingTalesOfTheSea.Com:
In an exception to the generally successful crackdown on piracy that went on in the years that followed, the Lady Grace herself eluded all manner of capture and continued her reign of terror. In the year 1717, she was sighted off the southern Carolina coast and reported to be heading north with all haste. Her whereabouts in the weeks and months that followed remained a mystery, up until the day she sailed triumphantly into Boston Harbor. Though the ship was battered and torn, her entire crew  save one man  were present and accounted for.
Though he never admitted it, it is believed Hornblossom had some foreknowledge of the coming general amnesty of all pirates, granted by King George in the fall of seventeen-seventeen. Though the pardon came days too late to save what was left of the Whydahs crew, as a result of the pardon, the men of the Lady Grace were accepted back into general society. Surprisingly, many of them distinguished themselves in later years, in fields as diverse as the culinary arts and the sciences.
Hornblossom himself faded into obscurity, last reported to have taken up residence on a windswept and isolated chunk of land off Cape Cod where he took up oil painting. The few newspaper accounts that survive report his paintings were somewhat shocking, one newspaper even calling them turrible ugly, black things. However, two of his works do survive in the collection of the Boston Museum of Fine Arts. Some scholars who have seen them pronounce them almost modern, somewhat ahead of their time. 
What ultimately became of Hornblossom, and where he was buried, remains, to this day, a mystery.
~
About The Author
Brendan P. Myers is a writer living in St. Petersburg, Florida, the author of several novels, whose stories have also appeared in the Northern Haunts anthology from Shroud Publishing, Malpractice: An Anthology of Bedside Terror from Necrotic Tissue, and Night Terrors from Blood Bound Books.
~
A Note from the Author:
Thanks for taking a chance on Swash! I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. If you did enjoy it, Id be grateful if youd give the book a rating on your way out (if your e-reader supports that) or better yet, if you could take a moment to leave a review at the online store where you bought it. Even a few sentences can make all the difference.
And please take a moment to explore my other offerings. From humor to horror, Ive got the Hs covered. So look out, I! Im coming for you. . .
Of course, I invite you to visit me online at my Facebook page, on Twitter, at Goodreads, and over at my blog. Stop on by! Youll be welcomed.
Once again and most sincerely, thanks for reading. It means a lot.
Regards,
Brendan P. Myers
St. Petersburg, Florida
~
Books by Brendan P. Myers
The Mound
Troubled fourteen-year-old Dani Hogan believes she is about to be made queen of a fairy tale kingdom. And you know what? She may just be right . . . 
Levi Hogan, the new police chief in Bixbie, Massachusetts, is trying to stay off the booze and start a new life. Bixbie doesn't have much in the way of crime anyway, that is, until people start disappearing. While investigating, Hogan learns Bixbie is also home to "New England's Stonehenge," a mysterious mound thousands of years old. Though its purpose is unknown, it becomes clearer when Hogan's runaway daughter comes to town.
Because what Hogan doesn't know is that Dani believes she is to become queen, and local teen Ian Sinclair is to become king, of a fairy kingdom populated by elves and pixies and helpful brownies. Before long, even Hogan starts to believe that maybe, just maybe, the Scots-Irish founders of Bixbie brought something along with them.
Sincerely Dead
When a hitman returns to New York City and accidentally unleashes the zombie holocaust, an epic adventure of survival unfolds, as a small band of the still living struggle to escape this new city of the dead. The long awaited follow-up to the seriocomic zombie short Nearly Dead.
21C and Other Sordid Tales
Her badge says, Im a People Person! Dont you believe it . . .
Meet Jill. Shell be your flight attendant today. A word of caution, though. Do NOT irritate her or make her angry in any way, because if you do, you may find your flight turned into a living hell of abuse and intimidation and humiliation . . . that is, if you survive at all. 
Applewood
Twenty-five years ago, a mindless act of teenage vandalism reawakened a long dead nightmare in the small Massachusetts town of Grantham. When Sergeant Lombard finds a mutilated body by the side of the road, he knows the horror of his youth has returned. He calls upon his damaged friend Dugan, who has never forgiven himself for what happened back then, and has lived ever since with the terrible consequences. 
Delighted at first by the disappearance of the town bullies, Dugan and his outcast friends soon realize that as the undead begin to surround their own neighborhood, they must do battle against a growing vampire army led by the towns long dead Civil War hero. Along the way, they find clues in the diary of a young boy not unlike themselves, and strength in their own unique friendship. 
And as the battle reaches its climax, for some, life will never be the same.
Fledge (Applewood: Book II)
The APPLEWOOD saga continues . . . Fourteen-year-old Scott Dugan is both desperate survivor and hunted casualty of a vampire outbreak that decimates his small Massachusetts town. His uncle believes science offers hope and takes the boy on the run from shadowy forces tasked with exterminating those like his nephew.
But when the two separate, Scott embarks on an epic journey that takes him from cheap carnival sideshow act to comfortable refugee in the home of a wealthy and reclusive man with his own dark tale to tell.
As the chase moves from the low deserts of Arizona to the high peaks of Colorado and into the White House itself, Scott must avoid becoming a pawn in someone elses deadly game. And when he learns that self-discovery for those like him is found only by embracing all he has become, he must weigh his longing to remember who he was and where he came from against the certainty that in doing so, he will never see the sun again.
Adamsons Rock and Other Stories
A detective investigating a suicide comes away with more than he bargained for . . . a routine clinical trial goes horribly wrong . . . an avid book collector learns to just what lengths he will go to hold on to a treasure . . . and a close-knit New England family comes to terms with the end of the world. From the author of Sumner Gardens come eight spine-tingling tales of terror and wonder.
Hope Town
In the sleepy village of Hopeton, at the end of a bad day, Parker nurses his wounds at a local watering hole. There, he meets a woman. Turns out her day was almost as bad as his. Almost. But soon, they find themselves thrown together in a deadly race for survival. From the high-rises of downtown Boston, to the high seas of the Atlantic, events move inexorably toward a pulse-pounding climax.
A Truck Story
What would happen if a fanatic Red Sox fan and his two nephews became trapped in the back of the equipment truck as it begins its 1487-mile journey to spring training? Aside from the kidnappings, the car chase, an Elvis impersonator, some hungry alligators, and a few other surprises, the trip itself is relatively uneventful. A charming and hilarious tale sure to delight baseball fans of all ages.
Sumner Gardens
Its October of 1970 and twelve-year-old altar boy Conner ONeil has a few problems. Hes dodging some oddly personal questions from his parish priest and learns he has to kiss the creepiest girl in class after getting the lead in the school play. But only after his father has another heart attack do his real troubles begin. A heartwarming and life-affirming coming-of-age tale.
The Dick Londergan Chronicles
A Very Dick Londergan Christmas
Its Christmas Eve, and when the head honcho of the local Building and Loan skips town with $8,000 the very same day an office complex collapses, trapping a family man architect inside, throwback P.I. Dick Londergan smells trouble. His kind of trouble. But while he sniffs around, his beloved city is somehow transformed into a wholesome family town, and soon, he finds himself trapped in a nightmare from which there might be . . . no escape.
Telegraph Hill
When old school P.I. Dick Londergan stumbles onto a case that smells of sweet tea and fresh baked cookies, its Dateline: Danger! because hell soon find its ugly underbelly consists of one part smarm, two parts pain, and a heaping helping of primetime gotcha! 
Hell City
Dick Londergan is a private detective from the old school, the kind who likes his women leggy, his scotch neat, and his coffee black. When summoned to Telegraph Hill to investigate a murder, he finds himself thrust into a mystery so deep, even his old school methods may not be enough to solve it.
Among the sinister questions confronting him: Why was his town suddenly so popular with racket boys and hoodlums? For what nefarious purpose had the two biggest criminal bosses in town set aside their differences? Who was the blonde English chef berating his cooking skills? And why was Londergan himself constantly being hounded by television cameras?
These and other questions will (mostly) be answered in this comic novella, an homage to the iconic private detectives of the past, about a guy who finds himself lost in a world where lines of reality and fantasy blur, one in which the greatest mystery of all might be, who is Dick Londergan?
The Ghost and Mr. Londergan
When word hits the streets hardnosed P.I. Dick Londergan is spending the night in a haunted house, he finds out the hard way lots of folks in town want that houses secrets to stay buried forever. He finds out too that uncovering those secrets may come at the cost of his own life.
CONTENTS
~
Title Page
Copyright
Book I
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Book II
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Book III
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Book IV
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
About the Author
A Note From the Author
Books by Brendan P. Myers
