THE P.H.O.T.O - (VOL I)
THE SEARCH

By
Larry Hunt

SMASHWORDS EDITION

* * * * *


PUBLISHED BY
Larry Hunt on Smashwords

Cover by: Laura Shinn

THE P.H.O.T.O - (VOL I) 
The Search
Copyright 2011 by Larry Hunt

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks are not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free eBook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support
This eBook is listed in Smashwords.com for your personal enjoyment. This eBook may be transferred or given away to other persons. If you would like to share this book with another person, share it with them. If you're reading this book you did not purchase it, and if you like it please return to Smashwords.com and look for other works by this author, feel free to do so. Thank you for reading this fiction account and hopefully you will have enjoyed the authors style to download another of his works.

Other books by this Author:
The P.H.OT.O. (VOL II) -
The Saga Continues

21 December 2012 -
The Calendar Beckons

* * * * *

CHAPTER ONE

POLEI KLENG, REPUBLIC OF SOUTH VIETNAM
1900 (7 pm) Hrs Thursday Night 7 September 1967
Sarge!! Sarge!! Yelled the Lieutenant (LT), "Incoming!!! Incoming!! Get the men under cover!!
Master Sergeant (MSG) Robert Edward Scarburg, Sr., was the focus of the LT's excitable outburst. Scarburg a lifer (career soldier), with 26 years military service, a Special Forces (SF) medic, MOS (Military Occupational Specialty) 91B4S, just recently released from the 75th Field Hospital at Pleiku, Vietnam, and assigned to this hellhole in the jungle with the unpronounceable name - Polei Kleng (nicknamed Pole Cat), a Ranger camp close to the Cambodia/Laos border.
The Americans occupied Pole Cat in the early 60s under U.S. Command and Control Central, as part of the II Corp area under MacVee (MACV, Military Assistance Command, Vietnam). Now the Viet Cong (VC) had decided they wanted Polei Kleng. The Americans didnt want to give it to them.
Roger that LT!! INCOMING!! (artillery shells) Sergeant Scarburg yelled in his strong authoritative military voice. A voice that always demanded immediate attention.
 Get youre asses in them fraid holes NOW!!
As his last words echoed across the compound, he dived, head first, over a stack of sand bags into a hole that he was about to share with three inches of muddy, murky, who knows what had been in there, water. At least most of his vital parts were below ground as the first mortar shells began exploding, erupting into an ear-splitting blast throwing a hell of a lot of rocks, dirt and shrapnel in every direction. The hint of sulfur hung heavy in the hot muggy night air.
The odor of gunpowder was nothing new to Sergeant Scarburg  he had encountered it many times before. Different times, different places, different wars but the stench was never different. Gunpowder, blood and death, mixed together, always elicits that nauseous effect on the nose. It is the same regardless of what country you happen to have the misfortune to be in, and regardless of what nationality deliverers it.
Grabbing his green beret and pulling it close to his head seem to give him the misplaced assurance this piece of thin wool cloth offered some kind of protection from the rocket and mortar shells that were falling all around him. Holding his beret tightly he mumbled to himself, between prayers, why the hell (sorry God I meant heck) do I keep doing this? How many times do I find myself lying in a hole in some god-awful place with mortar and rocket debris falling all over me? At least this time its ON me and not IN me. And why, someone please tell me - why do these friggin holes always include this stinking muddy water? Cant I ever pick a dry one?
The detonations shook the ground next to him. Hed seen and survived much much worse, but at this very moment, he couldnt exactly remember when. Sarge didnt think the Viet Cong were using the big 120 mm (millimeter) Russian jobs, this sounded and felt similar to its little brother the 81/82 mm mortars; however, he knew if either of them centered you in their crosshairs you was fixin to have a bad friggin day.
As soon as the shelling slowed up a bit Sergeant Scarburg pulled his head from the mud and water. Staring him directly in his face, the letters FTA (F**k the Army) and a peace symbol - both hand drawn on a sand bag with a black felt-tip marker.
A momentary thought popped into his head  I wish the s.o.b. who wrote those had a "peace" of 'Charlie's' (VC - Victor Charlie) last mortar shell stuck up their ass. 
It was only a fleeting reactionary thought - he certainly didn't mean it.
Sarge thought all these young troopers were just a bunch of whooshes anyway, but with all his gruff and growl he still wanted to see them get back home to their mothers, wives and girlfriends alive, and not in one of the Army's damn rubber body bags.
He hated those black rubber zip-up ghoulish things. They looked like someone had cut up a bunch of automobile inner tubes, glued them together and sewed two rubber handles on each side. He hated the sight of them! He hated their smell! Oh! How especially, he loathed their rubber powdery essence.
Sarge thought, 'It is one of those scents you want to forget but know you never will.'

*  *  *  *  *

The shelling, though not as intense as before, continued. Scarburg, through all the commotion, did not realize he had been sharing his foxhole with a young smooth-faced Specialist 4th Class (Spec 4) ranger tabbed paratrooper grunt.
His nametag read DAVIS, but the DAVIS was barely legible above his right fatigue pocket.
Its black, mud smeared, letters could hardly be identified on the cloths muddy white background. The gold color of the black lettered U.S. ARMY label over his left pocket was also obliterated underneath all that dank mud of the Nam.
Davis shakily managed to gain his composure and pulling himself up onto his muddy, sloshing wet jungle boots muttered to Master Sergeant Scarburg, Sir, thanks for letting me share your hole with you.
Dont call me Sir son, I work for a living, now get the hell out of my hole and secure your position. As he carefully eyeballed the young soldier, Sarge thought, Hell, these kids they are sending us now are nothing but cannon fodder!!
Yes sir I mean  yes Sergeant, Spec 4 Davis frighteningly yelled as he jumped out of the muddy hole. Scampering side-to-side Davis dodged the mortar shells still being lobbed into the compound. Thinking to himself, Never, I mean never jump in a foxhole with anyone braver than your are!
After watching Davis arrive safely on the other side of the shelled area Sarge looked down into his and the young troopers recent refuge of safety and there propped against the side of the foxhole stood the soldiers M-16 rifle. Body bag material, thought Sarge.
Sarge grabbed his M-5 medics aid-bag and started running toward the communications bunker, which from first glance, appeared to have taken the brunt of the rocket and mortar barrage.
He grabbed the first ARVN (Army of the Republic of Viet Nam) trooper he met - How bad? Sarge asked. Boo coo (many) hurt and wounded bac si! the soldier replied as he continued running toward the break in the concertina wire (razor wire) which surrounded the compound.
I never thought the VC would have gotten this far inside the wire, Sarge pondered to himself, thinking of defensive remedies that had to be implemented immediately.
It was ingrained in him: Special Forces first, medic second.
He was Sarge or simply Doc to his Special Forces buddies some of the ARVN used the same titles but most called him Bac Si, which closely translates to Doc or Medic. His really, really close buds simply call him Big S.
Big S? Big S...? At first blush you would think this is an easy play on his name Robert Scarburg, Sr, right. you would be dead wrong!! Nothing could be farther from the truth. Only his closest (and he decides who the closest are) friends use the name Big 'S'. Most peoples nicknames are given to them for some rhyme or reason, this one is no different. but there is a story behind this moniker, a really really... interesting story more later...

CHAPTER TWO

BATTLE OF POLEI KLENG CONTINUES

Thursday 7 September 1967
Republic of Vietnam
When the LT yelled, MSG Scarburg was in the middle of a live or death firefight with the NVA at the jungle surrounded U.S. Army Ranger base called Polei Kleng or Pole Cat, west of the Province of Kontum.
That piece of worthless Vietnam real estate was his duty assignment stated in the official U.S. Army Orders contained in the manila envelope given to him upon his release from the 75th Field Hospital at Pleiku, South Vietnam  he had been ordered to Polei Kleng and was to assemble, train and prepare team ODA-113 to execute OPS-35 plan Photo Search
He was glad to be back with his guys but he missed his nurse Chief Nurse Major Margaret OSullivan at the 75th, maybe someday hell get back to Pleiku and drop in on Sully. No no she was a short-timer, she has probable hit her DEROS (Date Expected Return from Overseas), meaning she was probable stateside and not in country any longer. Oh well, thought Sarge, she was a good trooper!

*  *  *  *  *

No time to reminisce over the past - no time to lie in a hospital bed - he was back in the real war.
He heard the moans and groans of the wounded and dying. Hollering orders to no one in particular Sarge said, Get those poles back under that aid tent canvas, set it back up, grab cots from those hootches, get blankets, get another squad with the fifty (.50 caliber machine gun) over on the right flank, get more ammo up to the perimeter!! Right now he had double duty. The companys first shirt (First Sergeant) was wounded and out of action and Sarge the next ranking NCO (Non-Commissioned Officer) in the Special Forces camp and the only medic - had to rapidly respond to both responsibilities at once. 
He entered, what had once been the Commo (communication) bunker. It was almost impossible to tell the wounded from the few that were unscathed. The bunker had taken a direct hit. Blood, body parts and that awful death's smell were everywhere and everyone seemed to be shouting, Doc...! Doc...! Over here! Help me please! Medic! Medic! Oh God I dont want to die!
Soldiers with severed arms or legs barely attached with mere scraps of bone and tendons lay bloody and dying everywhere. Gapping, sucking chest wounds or severe head injuries greeted him as he looked to the others that were still alive.
Sarge thought, Calm down work on the ones that can be saved. save all those you can!
Hey! Sarge screamed, someone get on the horn (telephone) and get HQ (Headquarters) tell them we need at least two... no three Med-Evacs (Medical Evacuation helicopters) out here ASAP (As Soon As Possible)!!  Tellem we need more medics too! One of the walking-wounded radio operators found a working phone and radioed in Sarges request. In the meantime the aid tent had been put back upon its support poles; wounded bloody bodies were filling the cots as fast as they were being set up around the tent.
Sarge, exhausted, wouldnt stop but he felt he had helped all the wounded he could as the only medic. His mind keep telling him to keep going but his body was about to quit on him. As he was about to collapse he heard that familiar, Whomp whomp whomp sound of a Huey med-evac helicopter arriving. As fast as one copter landed the medics jumped off, the wounded speedily replaced them and the Med-Evac, blowing dirt and debris everywhere, lifted back into the air.
The sun long since had dropped from the sky when Sarge finished sewing up, bandaging and body bagging the last of the dead and wounded. He walked out of the aid tent and sucked in a lung full of the nights moist humid air. The smell of gunpowder was still floating on the slight breeze, but, God Almighty, thought Sarge, cant I ever get to a place where the damn odor of gunpowder, blood and guts dont ruin the rotting jungles stinking aroma of the night air?
With this lament, he shucked his pack of Winstons from his lower leg jungle fatigue pocket, shook a cigarette out, flipped open the top of his trusty ol Zippo with its De Oppresso Liber (to free the oppressed) Special Forces insignia on its side and touched its hot flame to the unfiltered end and fired up. Looking at the insignia before snapping the lid shut on the lighter he turned and gazed out across the mangled compound of death and destruction and wondered, who in the hell are the oppressed were supposed to free? 
He breathed in deeply, let all the air out then inhaled the longest drag on his cancer stick his lungs could hold. Holding the smoke in as long as possible to get the full effect of the nicotine he slowly exhaled, watching the faint blue smoke drift slowly out into the warm wet darkness. He figured he might, at least, cover up the nauseous smell of death with the pungent cigarette scent  and for the moment allowing his mind to fog up, to dim his memory and help ease the pain of this horrific, seemingly never ending bloody night.
The time was 0415 hrs (4:15 am). Sarge had been at it for over nine hours. He was exhausted. Sleep, he needed sleep - the sun was less than two hours from turning this dark bleak night into light again so sleep even if just for a couple of hours would be wonderful. 
Walking across the compound, stepping over pieces of spent shrapnel, making his way around artillery shell holes and avoiding smoking pieces of canvas and wood to get to his hooch; he had to get to his JD (Jack Daniels Whiskey).
"No... ! Damn it, no... !" Sarge said out loud. Sitting directly in front of his green canvas tent was a burning hulk of a M151 U.S. Army Jeep. Through the smoke and fire of the jeep he could still see the fire consuming the mounted 106 mm recoilless rifle. 
"God No! Not my hootch! I've got to have me some JD!" He approached the burning jeep and cautiously walking around it, discovered luck was with him. His hooch was perfectly intact.
In a destroyed hootch several meters away a battery-powered radio could still be heard playing a country drinking song on Armed Forces Vietnam radio. The lyrics fell heavy on Sarges heart as he approached the entrance to his house. The cowboy singer was strumming and wailing a mournful tune about dying if he didnt get some corn whiskey - Sarge knew exactly what he meant.
One verse mentions a tree falling on the singer but Sarge was in no danger of having a tree fall on him, not one was left standing after the recent heavy barrage, but he needed that drink - a big drink - NO he needed the whole bottle - whiskey and more whiskey. Entering his hootch he could barely hear the last refrain, Corn whiskey, corn whiskey, corn whiskey I cry. He figured a lot of Tennessees finest was the only mechanism he had readily available to ease, even for a little while, the memory of that last thing he observed as he zipped up the final black body bag with that powdery rubber smell. 
If he lives to be a hundred years old the vision of this last patient he couldnt save will always be imprinted upon his subconscious  Damn that rubber smell!! he yelled out loud. The hell with it all! he yelled out loud again while taking another drag on his cigarette and kicking a one-fifty-five (155 mm) shell casing so hard he hopped around on one foot thinking he might have broken a toe.
The last image he witnessed zipping up the body bag on that long dreadful night, were those black blood smeared letters barely legible above the right fatigue pocket. The nametag was a trooper he knew but for a few brief minutes but his name would be imprinted on Sarges mind forever:  DAVIS

CHAPTER THREE

THE BEGINNING
Battles, medics, sergeants, Vietnam - how did all this get started, and where do I start to explain it?
Where does one begin a chronicle so outlandish as this?
A saga, where, if you let the mind wander, you might almost hear Rod Sterling, star of the old television cult hit The Twilight Zone say, no matter what, its a journey into a wondrous land, whose boundaries are that of the imagination. Is this adventure tale unbelievable, oh yeah, and after reading my exposition you or no one else will give credence to the reality of my recollections; but yet the events Im about to relate to you are so real I cannot erase these vivid pictures from my thoughts. Space aliens, Area 51, Close Encounters of the Third Kind all will seem conventional once my journal has been revealed.
This account is so far-fetched Im reminded of the immortal words of, I believe, the Bard, there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy. I would surmise, quotes this good, must belong to old William in a drama perhaps, but a truism nevertheless. I alone, and the ones to whom I will introduce you, were, at one time, the only possessors of this unbelievable information; now you, the ones reading over my shoulder, are on the verge of sharing, with me, this tidbit of knowledge.
This information Im about to reveal to you has an air of fantasy about it.
Fiction it is not! Reality? Yes, a definite yes!
I did not concoct these annals; I wish I had never stumbled upon this amazing adventure. Oh, this revelation you are about to receive is authentic for sure, the people arent figments of someones imagination, the events which happened are certainly irrefutable but where is the authentication you say?
This concrete evidence or proof too is real but hidden where we cannot physically view it or touch it - deep in some cold, damp and dreary basement achieves of some undisclosed U.S. government vault, stamped Top Secret, in bright red letters. The records custodians possess orders which will not allow the documentation to be de-classified or presented for public viewing until the passing of many many years, seventy-five to be exact. Yes, therein lies the actual documentary proof, but only after this progression of time can it be finally proven whether this fantastic narration actually happened as I tell it or was it just my idle ramblings.
I thought of the motto, cave quid dicis, quando, et cul, but I decided to tell you my story regardless. Okay I wont make you search for a translation: Beware what you say, when, and to whom.
Not to worry. These scores of years will eventually arrive; however, everyone mentioned or referenced herein will either be dead, taken on new identification or long since been hidden away in something similar to a government 'black ops' program in a godforsaken place; for revelations such as this cannot be allowed to go public. In most stories, The names have been changed to protect the innocent. In this tale no names had to be changed because no one claimed to be innocent. Im assuming those individuals in my saga do not care whether or not I reveal their identity - youre not going to believe me anyway, calling this a fabrication. The government will not prosecute me for violating any Government Secrets Act; to do so they would be admitting to their part in the cover-up, so Cave quid dicis, quando, et cul..
Over the years I have pondered whether this chronicle should be told. I have tried to balance my sanity between knowing I had this knowledge buried deep within the recesses of my brain against contemplating if my conscious would better served if I told the world my familys secret. Finally I came to this conclusion: the attempt at the pursuit of knowledge, whether good or however sinister, should be at the discretion of the reader.
I leave this decision entirely up to you, if your interest is peaked sufficiently, read on, if not, close this composition now and go on with your lifes existence as if you had never discovered my compilations of the facts and story with the mysterious name:
THE P.H.O.T.O.

* * * * *

WARNING...! WARNING...! WARNING...!
After this point your decision to continue to read on will be done so at your own peril - this information will remain imbedded in the innermost recesses of your mind forever! You, from this time forward will try to erase these images from your consciousness, but Im afraid this exercise will be impossible for you to do. Next you will attempt to get our government to validate my statements, again fruitless. I speak to you from experience!!!

CHAPTER FOUR

BABA SCARBURGS SECRET
I remembered a large number of the details Baba told me through the years about Robert Scarburg Sr., my great-grandfather. Ah ha! You say, who was Baba you ask?
Well Baba was my grandmother  Barbara Scarburg.
However, to everyone who knew her she was simply Baba. Back in my days of playing travel basketball and baseball she was always Baba to my teammates too. To this day, so many years later, old fellow players will meet her and you can clearly here them say, Hi Baba!
She was a die-hard Alabama Crimson Tide fan; loved the Bear (legendary Alabama football coach Paul Bear Bryant) and I was on the opposite side - loving my Auburn Tigers, but one thing I did realize, I loved her more than the Auburn Tigers and I think she loved me more than Alabama too, in fact, I think she kind of idolized me.
I am going on and on about my Baba, but Ill get to the point to all this rambling in a minute.
You have to understand she seemed normal in all respects, except she had one idiosyncrasy. Ill explain this in a while but let me keep you in the dark for another moment or so.
As a young boy, even before I learned to walk, I would spend every Saturday night at Baba and Pas house. For the first five years of my early life I had them all to myself.
The year I turned five my little sister arrived and from the day of her birth forward I had to share my relationship with Baba and Pa with her; and from her first day in the hospital she became just Sister to us.
She hated her name, Olive Maria, so we simply called her Sister, Livie, Lulu or just Lu. From the age of five, until Sisters birth, I was the only grandchild, she infringed on my territory so I felt extremely jealous. Of course with her being just a baby it gave me a couple of more years to spend with my Baba and Pa - all by myself.
I visited every chance I got and I constantly explored their home. I would ramble through dresser drawers, climb upon the highest closet shelf and pull cardboard boxes out from under the bed. These cardboard containers, I discovered, held hundreds of photographs. Images of all types of things sealed in strong plastic envelopes; bound so tight opening them seemed impossible for my little fingers.
When I discovered these treasure troves I asked Baba about them, she would only say someday she would explain, but not now. She said explain; she didnt say she would show them to me.
Even at my young age, my little brain asked:  Why not now? Later as I got older I realized no photographs adorned the walls, or sat around on tables, they must be in those hidden cartons I thought.
Why did they remain in those dusty old packets, stored under the bed, and not on the walls like normal people?
Babas walls were decorated all right, but with inanimate objects. What-nots placed neatly on shelves, hand drawings, framed clips from newspaper articles mostly of my ball playing days but neither the walls nor the tables had any photoshummm.! None showed her mother or father and there were none of Pas family either. No wedding remembrances, no vacations, no friends pictures, nothing indicated they ever had a life worthy of being immortalized in photographs.

CHAPTER FIVE

BIG 'S' AND LITTLE 'S'- WHAT?
Being young is a wonderful time in life  the world is a glorious place, no one is deceitful and whatever you are told you believe wholeheartedly, with no reservations. Babas photo idiosyncrasy - I never even gave it another thought. Baba had a reason for keeping the photos hidden and if she believed they should remain hidden that was good enough for me.
I must have been a teenager when I first asked Baba about Grandpa Scarburg.
I remember Grandpa when he died.
The family, with the exception of Baba, had not told me much about him. I remembered he had been sick and was unable to walk, Parkinsons disease, they said. One of his Neurologists said his symptoms suggested Agent Orange. At the time I had no idea what Agent Orange was but now, yeah, they could have been right. Another thing I didnt know back then - Agent Orange was a Vietnam want-to-forget item.
I still remember his jet-black hair. Always a G.I. flattop, with just a hint of grey around the temples and he was over eighty! I asked him once if he colored his hair, he nonchalantly reminded me that we descend from the Cherokee Nation  their hair never grayed, and his didnt either! He said his great-grandmother; a Cherokee named Little Dove was born in Eastern Tennessee or North Carolina. I remember his face too, always clean-shaven as if still ready for morning roll call. 
He was military through and through, his bearings gave him away; however, I had no knowledge of his life except the tidbits that Baba told me, well yes, there is one thing I was aware of about Grandpa Scarburg - the family and close friends, referred to him as Big S.
Pa, my grandfather, was called Little S.
My daddy Robert Edward Scarburg, III was Trey.
Everyone calls me, Forrest, for the play on my name:  Robert Edward Scarburg IV - I know your asking how in the world could Robert Edward Scarburg IV become Forrest. Well you know Pa has to nickname everyone so when I was little I was called Little S Four; this gradually got changed to just Four S or Forr-est. Simple huh? I would just leave this one alone I did years ago!
I figured Big S and Little S because of their last name  Scarburg. Then again their handles might also have been derived from their size. You see Grandpa Scarburg was muscular and a rugged 64 (big?) and Pa Scarburg was 62 (small compared to his Pop), or the unusual nicknames could have begun when Big S was a grown man (big?) and Little S was a (small?) little boy. 
Man, was I ever wrong!!
Later I found out how they obtained their cool nicknames  - youll really love the story. It will blow your mind, but whoa, Im getting ahead of myself - Ill tell you about them in a little while but right now Ive got a much bigger tale to lay out for you.
As I said, I remember Grandpa Scarburg with his short-cut military style black 'flat-top' haircut and his eyes  those piercing dark brown eyes. They say he loved to suck on a pipe when no one was around. He never lit the bowl and some of the family said they believed he didnt even have tobacco for it. What he loved was cigars but he never smoked them in the house. At one time, in his earlier days, he smoked cigarettes  Winstons, but after being confined to his wheelchair, he never got to enjoy any of his smokes again.
As a teenager, when I visited, he would question me about things of which I had no knowledge  things like military stuff, radio waves, science things I had never heard about and what my future plans happened to be when I grew up. I believe this was his attempt to nudge me toward a military career. Obviously this army stuff bored me considerably and looking into his dark eyes as we talked I, even then, could sense he had, at one time, been way more than this aged, fragile person I was standing in front of.
I knew he had been a career Army man, now retired, - a veteran of WWII, Korea and Vietnam and the lines and creases on his bronzed skin indicated he had been an outside person one not accustomed to sitting behind a desk.
I had heard from someone, I do not remember whom, Grandpa Scarburg, sorry Big S, had been a cook in the Army during one of his wars. Which one, I did not know at the time, and did not care enough to find out. I thought army guys got hungry, Grandpa Scarburg fixed them food, the soldiers ate the food, the food tasted terrible, end of army life, right - how naive could I have been? Something wasnt right!
I had my future life already planned out:  I was going to get a scholarship to some big college to play baseball, and on to instant stardom. So whatever Big S would say didnt interest me in the least; therefore, I would take my leave whenever I got a chance. 
Another thing I remember about him, he attended all our annual family Christmas get-togethers. Well, not just Christmas but Thanksgivings, birthdays or anything else. It didnt take much encouragement for my family to get together and eat, and, although we loved the food we always had fun too.
I noticed one important thing: these events did not involve the taking of pictures.

*  *  *  *  *

These gatherings always took place at Robbies house. Robbie, Pas sister, had the reputation for being a good cook and we knew how good anything she cooked tasted. I dont mean just a good cook. I will re-phrase and emphasis, a SUPERB cook. 
Our noses already had our stomach hungry even as we pulled up into her yard and proceeded to get out of our car. The air would be heavy with the sweet smell of hot cinnamon rolls or the whiff of smoked ham, cooked long and slow over hickory wood by Robbies husband Earl James (everyone in the South has two names you know). He had previously owned a barbeque restaurant, before retiring, and he now had his own BBQ contraption in his back yard. This thing was so large it could cook enough delicious chicken and ham to feed all of Grandpa Scarburgs army buddies.
We always had fun at these events and everyone had a good time but the fact remains:  I never personally witnessed a picture being taken at any of these family events. Maybe none of my family wanted to spend money for a camera, or maybe they thought them to expensive. Well there must be some other reason since Baba and Pa owned two business enterprises, both of which seem to be doing fine, and Robbie and Earl James had good incomes too. So money for cameras wasnt the problem. I surely would have loved to get my hands on some of those early photos though. Every Christmas Grandpa Scarburg would give his children, and all the grandchildren, great - grandchildren and the in-laws a crisp new $50 bill. I believe I still have some of those $50s socked away somewhere.

*  *  *  *  *

Baba and Pa owned a bustling fast-food restaurant they had owned for many years. Baba ran it and Pa, a gun dealer, had his business right next door to the restaurant. His gun business, which he also had owned for many years, specialized in selling, trading or repairing old Army guns. I use the term gun loosely. These were not just guns; they were weapons, weapons of war.
Let me explain further, these weapons were not your run-of-the-mill gun store variety .22s and hunting rifles. That type gun business belonged at Wal-Mart, Dicks or the Gander Mountain type sporting goods store.
Pas store concerned itself with real guns  real guns such as machine guns, the 1919A4 machine gun that fired a belt of 30-06 ammunition at the rate of about 600 rounds per minute; other machine guns like the 1919A6 which fired the NATO .308 (7.64mm x 54mm) round at the same rate of 600 rounds per minute; 30-06 cal BAR (Browning Automatic Rifles); automatic .308 M14s; M-60 fully automatic machine guns; the big brother of all machine guns the M2HB (referred to as the Ma Deuce Heavy Barrel); .50 cal; M-1 carbines; fully automatic unmodified M-2s; dozens of M-1 Garands; M-1 Garand (MIC & M1D); Sniper rifles including the .50 cal Barrett M82; British .303s; fully auto  M-16s and AR 15s;  9mm, .40 mm and .45 cal automatic handguns of ever description; A4 Rocket Launchers; LAWs (light anti tank weapons); Russian RPGs (rocket propelled grenades) launchers; night vision goggles; gas masks; Thompson 45 cal sub-machine guns with rotary drums and stick magazines; body armor and cases and cases of ammo for each and every weapon.  He had grenades, fighting knives and bayonets for all the weapons and other stuff that I dont even know what their names are. In fact his place of business took on the appearance of a National Guard armory. 
Now, Im not suggesting any thing illegal, nothing could be farther from the truth, Pa had official gun licenses from the Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATFE) people in Washington. He maintained State, County and City licenses and permits also. Everything Pa did he did in strict accordance with local and federal law. One day as I got older I asked Pa if he had ever been in the military? He answer (or non-answer) was something to the effect that Big S was the military man of the family.
How come you understand so much about guns? I asked, and followed this stupid question with, Why do you have so many?
His answered quietly, never raising his head from the weapon he had been working on, Your great-grandpa-Big S, my Daddy, taught me some of it and I just picked up the rest here and there and, who can tell, we might need them someday. We need to be just like the Boy Scouts: Be Prepared, he softly said with a slight wry chuckle under his breath. I took him at face value, but my mind kept thinking how a person, like Pa, got to be so knowledgeable in military weapons, including their history, calibers, rate of fire, disassembly and re-assemble, and above all  how to clean and maintain them. And lastly he was a good shot and he used the rifles like an expert.

*  *  *  *  *

I remember one summer Pa and I wanted to get in a little shooting at our shooting range. Our shooting range consisted of a bale of hay out in his hayfield with our target mounted against the hays side. He lived out in the country so we had plenty of room to shoot (fire is what Pa called shooting) with no close neighbors to complain.
One-day we were shooting an M-16 rifle or M something. (Why does the Army always have an M in front of everything they name?) We mounted our targets on a 4x4x1/2 piece of steel which Pa had situated at a slight angle and leaned it against the hay bale; when the bullets hit the targets they would ricochet into the dirt. Pa had taught me how to handle a weapon, never to call it a gun, always assume the weapon to be loaded, always keep the weapon pointed down range (down range would be toward the target), always keep the safety on until ready to fire.
I still remember Pa teaching me the word B.R.A.S.S as I got ready to fire the weapon (notice I didnt say gun). B stood for Breath, R meant Relax, A meant to Aim, S to take up the Slack in trigger and the last S make sure to slowly Squeeze the trigger, not jerk it. Pa said if done correctly the round would be fired before you realize that you had squeezed the trigger.
Where did he learn all this? I thought he needed to get himself something to do which didnt require having his head stuck in a gun book all the time. I figured gun books had a lot of information but I didnt know they taught this sort of stuff?
After we fired one bunch of bullets (sorry, Pa said that are called rounds not bullets) we would walk down to the target, locate where the rounds hit, put tape over the holes, then we would go back to the shooting position and shoot again. Pa had a spotting scope, but he preferred to go observe our target, up close and personal," as he would say.
This particular day as we walked down to the target a big black bird flew directly overhead. Without a seconds hesitation Pa raised the rifle to his shoulder and fired, the bird instantly dropped from the sky. We walked down into the hay field and I picked up the bird. Yep! Dead as a doornail! A rifle! How did he hit this black bird with a rifle! I was totally amazed, but Pa acted nonchalant as if shooting the bird out of air with a rifle required no great shooting prowess. We walked back up to the shooting position without speaking another word. Even as a kid I was asking myself - how was it possible for a non-military person to get this expert shooting knowledge? Something just didn't feel right!!

CHAPTER SIX

THE RESTAURANT JOB
One summer between my 8th and 9th grade I asked Baba for a part-time job at her restaurant to earn a little spending money. I had attained the age of 15 and my 16th birthday would be coming up next year. I do not believe there is a 15-year-old boy alive in the U. S. of A. who is not looking forward to his magical 16th birthday.
Look out America; make sure your auto insurance is paid up another teenage boy is about to make the rubber meet the road. Baba gave me the job, as I knew she would. Taking orders, sweeping, helping unload supplies or doing whatever needed to be done. She also put me right to work as a cashier, which I enjoyed.
My first day on the job I was nervous, but everyone working in the restaurant helped me, they pitched in and showed me the ropes.
I caught on quickly.
Pas gun establishment was right next door so I could easily see who came and went from his place each day through the large plate glass restaurant windows.
Days turned into weeks on the job - during this time I began to notice a black Ford Crown Victoria 4-door sedan with two shady looking men, sneaky might describe them better, kept showing up on a regular basis. They were usually dressed in dark business suits and one carried a black leather satchel the other one never carried anything. 
Going into Pas place they would look around nervously. Their heads would dart from side to side checking to see if someone might be following or watching them. No one was following them, but they acted as if someone was watching them - there was - me!! However, those knuckleheads were different guys each time.
They would come visiting Pas business every couple of weeks and stay for an hour or so. Sometimes more than a month passed before they showed up, but sure enough, like a bad penny, the black Ford, or one similar, returned again. Pa would hang up the Closed sign or take a piece of Scotch tape and stick a hand written note on the door with words saying, Had to make a delivery back in a little while. Pa had all kinds of handwritten signs. Some of the ones I remember said:  Gone to bank, back later," or Gone to post office will return shortly, and Gone to pick up parts. One read Equipment failure at restaurant," and the only store bought sign he used had the black word OPEN on one side and a big red CLOSED on the other.
If Pa put the CLOSED side out he meant the business was CLOSED." No one dared ask him why he was closed; he might be inside but he was gone, get me... G-O-N-E  CLOSED."
Back to the two strangers we talked about before. No one ever asked Pa about those two fashion paragons. They might be different dudes but the black Ford sedan looked the same (but of course all black Ford sedans look the same) and the suits looked identical to the ones that came off the Cheap Suit Importers rack. They always wore those stupid hats. Youve seen them, the kind the gangsters wear in the movies. Go figure, no one wears hats these days. How obvious  they looked so stupid, I voted for them to wear the Mickey hats. You know the ones with the big ears, but what do I know.
I have always made straight As in school, so I said to myself, Self, somethings going on over at the gun store, something is not right with those two fashion models. One day as the sedan arrived my suspicions got the best of me. This constant watching and waiting for the strangers to arrive began to become almost obsessive. I swallowed hard, took a deep breath and approached 'Jaybird' (Jaybird is our nickname for one of Babas restaurant managers).
Quietly I quizzed Jaybird, "I need to ask you something? It may be none of my business, but why does the Ford sedan, and the two guys, come visit Pa? Ive noticed that car comes around a lot.

*  *  *  *  *

Jaybird answered, speaking in a faint whisper and so extremely low and quiet even the other nearby employees wasnt able to hear what he uttered. As I held my breath I thought I would explode - I believed everyone in the room heard my heart pounding within my chest. I thought he had better tell me something and fast for I felt myself keeling right over. At last he spoke, I have my suspicions but sometimes suspicions can get you into trouble! Maybe you do not need to pry into your Pas business!
His answer exploded inside my head. What did he mean? Did his answer indicate something good or something bad? I had already picked bad because Jaybird had rather spread a rumor or tell a tall tale than eat when hes hungry. To have fun he would get something started to watch the participants squirm. I was wondering whether his clandestine answer signaled one of those times? Maybe I didnt want to know, was Jaybird nuts! The brain in my head said I didnt want to discover the answer but I realized at that moment - I HAD to find out the answer.
I followed up my question with, I have never seen those two come out with anything but that black satchel, have they ever bought anything?
Jaybird slipped up close to me, so close I discerned the aroma of Old Spice from his mornings shave and the hint of onions on his breath, and said, There are stories I dont believe them you understand, Jaybird ventured,  but it has been said your Pa was, uh, involved in something a long time ago and whatever that, uh, something from his past, however innocent it might have been, was they wont let him forget it!
It puzzled me at his attempt at secrecy and I muttered, Are those guys the something? Are they part of his past?
In a voice barely above a whisper he responded to my question. A voice so low I had to strain to barely hear him say, I suppose they are Pausing trying to think of the right words he replied, there are just some things, uh, I wont ask him about.
This strange visit, and Jaybirds secretive conversation happened on a Friday night. Friday nights are always a busy time in a restaurant. Working families wanting to spend some quality time with each other and the chance to give mom a night off. She is able to enjoy herself for a change and leave the cooking to us; and best of all, when finished, we will clean up and wash the dishes.
Moms need I explain more?

*  *  *  *  *

I digress, back to my sinister thoughts. Even though I was busy Friday night I began to hatch THE PLAN - the scheme to unravel what those clandestine meeting at Pas store were all about. Maybe I might even figure out where the black Ford came from and who the two Joe fashions were. I might even discover what they carried in their black satchel. The answers could possibly be in Pa's safe in his gunroom. The gunroom would be the perfect place to hide a secret. The safe, THE PLAN... the adventure starts.
I would begin to set THE PLAN into motion tomorrow, Saturday. Sister had a dance recital in Birmingham and I had planned on spending the night with Baba and Pa.
When Pa built his house he had the contractor build a tornado safe room downstairs complete with steel lined concrete walls and ceiling. Pa later converted that room to a safe room for guns. The house and the gunroom had a state-of-the-art alarm system. The system had closed circuit TV, motion sensors, glass breakage sensors, infrared sensors, sensors on all doors and windows - none connected to a landline, all satellite monitored.
The room had been built around a giant 6 high, grey, two-door combination safe.
It was too big to have been moved into the room later and the house would now have to be torn down to get it out! That sucker must have weighed a ton at least and I had the key," well not a physical key. Years ago Pa had shown me where he had hidden the combination. The combination was in code but I thought I still remembered how to figure it out. He revealed the hidden code just in case something happened to him and Baba had to get into the safe
The safe had to be the starting place... what did that safe contain? The safe was big, and heavy. Something special must be in it, at least that was the beginning of THE PLAN  open the safe. I just knew in my bones it must hold the answer to the black Ford. I was confident it would also identify the two men and, most of all, the information in the safe might tell me what was in that black satchel.
Oh, how I wished I had never seen that black sedan!
I worked all day Saturday and as I worked the gears in my head were constantly turning thinking of the big old steel safe. My thoughts were constantly on the safe - I fantasized about that safe so much I could mentally feel the cold of the metal, hear the tumblers click as the dial turned, discern the metallic clang as the rods holding the door moved back from their locked position. Yes, the secret of the safe was going to be mine MINE... all MINE...ha... ha... ha... all MINE... Damn (I mean darn) get hold of yourself Forrest!! I sound like Dr. Frankenstein!!
THE PLAN began to materialize.
Saturday seemed to have been two days long. I would look at the clock - 11:15; a couple of hours later I would check again - 11:30 - a mere fifteen minutes had passed!
I had the steps already envisioned:  I would get off work at 7:00 pm; Pa would come up to the restaurant and get the days receipts and me sometime after 7 oclock. Then he was going to Taco Bell and pick up supper (yeah right, dinner to you, but this tale is my story so - supper), for all of us. Once he got home he would go into his office, sort, count the daily sales slips and make the accounting entries for the next day; anyway, once home Pas activity should take at least an hour.
Assuming everything went according to my calculations, I would have at least an hour, to get the safe open. To go down stairs I would use the excuse I wanted to shoot some pool.
Pa had this magnificent old Brunswick full size pool table in the basement game room. He had gotten the table years ago from the old poolroom at the Yarbrough Hotel in Huntsville, Alabama when they went out of business. He had refinished the walnut rails, sanded and refinished all the wood, and re-covered the tables top with new green billiard cloth. A year or so ago, he bought a new set of Brunswick pool balls and some new cues. 
I loved to go down into the basement and practice on this table. I had, I thought, gotten to be a pretty good pool player. Not long ago Pa and I played a game of 8 ball and I actually beat him. I mean beat him  for years he would let me win, setting up my shots or deliberating missing his, but in this one game I won. Pa even acknowledged my win.
Oh shoot...! I forgot back to the safe  what if the combinations hiding place had changed? What if he had changed the combination? What if he had locked the safe room? What if...?  What if...? What if...?  I needed to quit thinking about the whole thing; everything would work - it would go according to THE PLAN.
Like the epic John Wayne movie about the D-Day landing at Normandy, France in WWII,The Longest Day"  this longest workday finally ended too.
At 7 pm, the restaurant didn't have any customers in the lobby and there were no call-in orders that we had to wait on, so Jaybird went out into the lobby and changed the Open sign to Closed." I detected the jingling as he pulled the door key from his pocket and finally locked the two big glass front doors.
No more customers tonight. What I had been worrying about did not happen - a last minute customer coming in.
Babas rule: Were open until closed. Meaning if someone arrived one minute before closing time we would have to prepare their order as if they had arrived an hour earlier. Fortunately tonight no one came in.
I hurriedly got the mop bucket and started mopping the lobby floor. I did a good job because Baba would come in Monday morning and pitch a fit if the floors had not been properly cleaned. I quickly emptied the trash receptacles, refilled the napkin containers and tried to get all my duties done as fast as possible. I even helped other employees get their close-up jobs completed. 
I finished my work so fast Jaybird slapped me on the back as I scurried past him and he said, Hey, whats the hurry, big date tonight? I shook my head 'no' and kept working as fast as humanly possible to get finished and be able to leave the restaurant. 
Jaybird had to drive down toward Pas house after work and asked if I needed a lift. Perfect! This fit right in with my scheme. This would give me a little extra time to put THE PLAN into motion.
I left Pa a note telling him I had already left with Jaybird.
I walked past the big grill on the way out. I could feel that the warm heat against my face as it was beginning to cool down; it was about as hot as I was feeling - I was nervous and sweating.
Jaybird opened the ice machine door and using the ice scoop re-arranged the ice in the ice machine. The ice would now have plenty of room to fill the holding container before Monday. The ice machine holds about 600 lbs of ice. On a Saturday we go through a lot of it. He was making sure we would have plenty for Monday; the restaurant is closed on Sundays.
I should have done that - ice...cold ice...it might have cooled me down a bit. Why was I so hot!!! Nerves...? Yap, thats it....nerves!!
All the other employees clocked out. Jaybird and I were the only two left. He went into the back and flipped the switches to cut off all the lights. We made our double check of everything and headed out the front doors. Jaybird unlocked the two large plate glass doors and as he was locking them back as we went out he said, You been giving much thought to what I said this afternoon?
Sure...why? I just cant get those two men out of my head?
Jaybird continued talking as we walked to his truck, Im not one to give advice, andand I dont take it very wellbut Forrest, I realize hes your grandpa but sometimes you need to let sleeping dogs lie. I think this is one of those times. Nodding my head I agreed, but thinking all along - I'm not listening to your babble Jaybird. You need to get this truck rolling and stop talking so I can get 'The Plan' underway. 
Jaybird continued on as we seated ourselves in his truck, Forrest youre 15 years old, your Pa will tell you about these things when the time is right. I suggest you dont push it  let him decide when the time is right. Both of you will realize when the time comes."
I thought to myself, the time HAS come...it's RIGHT NOW!!  
I also thought, Jaybird please shut-up! What was all this talking about? I wished I had not talked to Jaybird; I had known not to listen to anything he had to say anyway. On his good days he hardly ever made sense, and obviously this wasnt one of his better days. 
Down deep I did realize, with as simple a mind as Jaybirds, he had put out some hefty wisdom and good advice that night; however, when you are 15 years old and an adult strings more than two sentences together we instinctively believe congruent wisdom must abound there somewhere.
I didnt care I had THE PLAN.

CHAPTER SEVEN

PHASE I BEGINS
Even with all his talking Jaybird finally got me down to Baba and Pas house in one piece. I still had luck running with me also  Pas Dodge Ram did not block the driveway; indicating Pa had already left, within the last few minutes, to go pick-up the restaurant receipts. Now I had a clear shot at the safe room and the opportunity to begin Phase I of THE PLAN.
I had no sooner gotten out of Jaybirds truck when Pas two Labs started barking and howling as if a second-story man was sneaking up, but once they got a good sniff of me I became their ol pal again.
The yelping stopped, and the tail wagging began.
The hounds, as Pa calls the Labs, had settled down as I stepped upon the back deck and turned the latch to go into the house. It was a that very instance I heard Baba call, Forrest, you out there? Come on in, what do you want to eat?
Feeding my stomach was the last thing on my mind right now. My mind cried, THE SAFE, THE SAFE. So I mumbled some excuse about how I had eaten something before I left work and thought I might go down-stairs and shoot some pool.
Baba kept on at me anyway and asked, Well how about stopping for a minute and tell me about your day. 
Everything had been fine. 
I pitched my jacket on a kitchen chair and continued on down the stairs to the basement. No time to waste now that Phase I was ready to begin! The basement remained pitch dark but the light from the open door leading upstairs illuminated the door to the room that contained the big steel safe. 
I had been in this basement a hundred times so finding the light switch presented no problem. I flipped on the lights, without even looking, and walked across the carpeted floor to the safe room door.
I was hesitant to reach down and turn the doorknob. My mind raced did Pa have it locked if he did, what method could I use to get in? I was going to get in, but how? I didnt possess a key to the room. Pa had the only one, bound snuggly to his keychain in his pocket.
Nervous you say. I was so nervous, beads of sweat started to form on my brow. I thought I never knew it to be this hot down here. My imagination was playing tricks on me in fact the temperature was quite cool here in the utter silence of that vast room. 
I forced my hand to reach out and touch the knob. At the touch of the cold metal, I jerked my hand back thinking the knob had surely shocked me! My mind raced at a gallop - maybe Pa had the room rigged with electricity. Stop this nonsense!' I thought and reached once more and grasped the metal knob, slowly I twisted the shiny round object not fully expecting it to turn. It moved!! Why did Pa have it un-locked!! The alarms must be off too!
I pushed the door open and immediately a blast of air from the enclosed room hit me squarely in the face. It was cooler and drier than the air I had, seconds before, been breathing. Pa had this room automatically controlled to maintain a constant 50% humidity and 60-degree temperature. Again, where did he get this knowledge? Id think about his reasoning later now I flipped on the lights and there IT stood at the far end of the room!!
It was as big and as imposing as I had remembered. A brute of grey steel but I had the power to slay this monster, if Pa would allow me enough time.
Time...! I needed time...! I was here now, standing in THE room and glaring at the rectangular elephant-looking beast this was the end of Phase I.

PHASE II BEGINS
Now began Phase II - I slowly walked over to a steely four-drawer filing cabinet. It stood shoulder to shoulder with my prey - the giant and little David. In this instance David had no smooth round river stone but he did have a secret in his heart. A heart disguised as one of the four-drawers. A secret Pa had placed there many years ago  the safes combination.
I remember it was written in code and stuck on the inside front of the second drawer, or was it the top drawer, no matter I could easily check. I pulled open the top one first - no not here. Now my mind started spinning again, had Pa moved the paper? What if I couldnt find it? Again the what-ifs! I forced myself to calm down and slowly opened the second drawer and, presto! Sure enough there stuck my prize, the combination! It was taped to the front of the drawer on an old 3x5 yellowed note card. It was underneath the front edge of the drawer rim, and if you werent looking for the card it could easily be overlooked (that had been Pas intent).
I slowly removed the card, trying not to rip it since I had to replace it when I finished. If it werent placed back exactly as found Pa would know that I had been prying into his business. As I stared at the card I didnt want to turn it over  it was as if I were about to break Pas trust in me. I knew that was true, but my curiosity was so strong I had no control over the movement of my hands. I had to find out Pas secret of the two gun store 'visitors', the black bag and the Ford sedan.
The answer had to be somewhere in this humongous steel monster.
I slowly turned the aged card over to reveal the data written on its reverse side. The information had been written with a pencil, and the letters were dim and hard to read. Pa had a workbench in the room where he worked on his weapons. The bench had individual adjustable lights that could be aimed right at the area of work. I carried the card over to the bench and turned on one of the lights.
I still could not clearly make out the numbers Pa had written many years ago but I found a magnifying glass and with it read the following:  RC to LK, then LA to AR, next was RL to BH and finally L to E.
I remembered it was in code but I thought some kind of easy code. Then I thought, code isnt supposed to be EASY, thats why they use code.
I can recall the day Pa told me how to decipher it, but, man, I was little. I remember it was a code about something.... something? What something? Think Forrest...! Think...! Was it about an animal? Yeah... thats right an animal. What kind of animal? Cat? Dog? No those werent the right animals  - it had to be an animal with a long name; some animal word that contains 10 letters.
I knew this room had a concrete floor. Walls and ceiling all covered in insulation, steel, paneling and paint but I swear, Baba could hear my heart pounding all the way upstairs.
My mind went blank I could not think  what if Pa walked in right now? What was I going to say? Think Forrest think harder! Grandpa loved horses was horses the name. No, horses does not have enough letters. But for some reason 'horse' rings a bell in my mind. H. O. R. S. E.
What does that mean? Is that part of the code?
I remember now each letter represented a number. HORSE couldnt be the word - the code needs 10 letters!
Think Forrest...!! Man was I thinking, and this time the sweat wasnt just on my brow it was dripping off the end of my nose.
It had to be HORSE, but what kind?
Walking Horse no too many letters Quarter Horse no still too many letters. Wait what about Grandpa Scarburg's horse that he owned years ago after he retired from the Army. It was a beautiful slick, shiny, black animal that won Grandpa Scarburg a World Championship trophy at Shelbyville, Tennessee.
Its name? What was its name? Think Forrest... think I got it. Black Magic! It wasnt that because there were repeating letters  the A and the C. But what if I combined the Black with the word Horse and get BLACKHORSE. Each letter in that name could represent a number. Starting at one and going through ten. Let me find a pencil and a piece of paper, all right if B = 1, L would = 2 and A would be 3, on and on to E = 0.
Now lets see if Pas code works:  R, that would be right C (four) times to LK (25); L, that would be left A (three) times to AR (38); R, right again (two) times to BH (16) and then L, left to zero. Great!! Thats it!! Did I say that out loud? I hope not, maybe Baba wasnt listening anyway.
Man, oh man! Phase II was progressing like clockwork. Now came The Test  I moved over to the safe, grabbed the dial tightly as tho I thought it was going to pull away from me and started twirling the cold stainless steel cylinder between my fingers.
I remembered Pa saying first you had to turn the dial a few times to get the tumblers back in order.
Did he say right or left?
I couldnt remember. I took a chance and twirled the hell (sorry heck) out of the knob to the right. I stopped on the number 25. Next I twisted the thing to the left three complete turns and stopped on number 38. Back to the right I went two more times and stopped on 16.
Here is where I was confused, the card said left to zero - there were two lines inscribed on the dial, one at the zero and another at the number 68. Pa told me something about that second line but what? Again think Forrest! Think! Well nothing ventured, nothing gained, so I turned the dial left to zero and grabbed the handle and pushed down.
Nothing. It was still locked!! Had I missed a number? Did I spin the thing in the wrong direction? What had I done wrong. I went through the whole set of instructions again  - again a no go, it didnt open.
I stood staring at my big steel enemy standing there before me thinking, I guess, if I looked hard enough at it, it would have compassion on me and swing open.
Time was running out on Phase II, the drips of sweat had changed to a flood but I had to try once again.
This time when I got to zero I grabbed the handle pushed down and turned the dial from zero left to the 68. Ola!! It opened!!
Who says miracles do not happen?
One just did. I wish someone had been here to witness it what am I saying. am I going nuts? Im sure glad NO ONE was here to witness it. I wonder if Pa has hidden cameras in herenahwell its too late now anyhow. The big gray, one-ton puzzle is wide open!

CHAPTER EIGHT

GUTS OF THE 'MONSTER' REVEALED
I slowly began to swing open those heavy giant doors; however, my conscience still nagged me. My mine was tormenting my conscious. Thinking as I looked into the safes innards, Pa will be mighty disappointed at me my brain kept saying. Trust! I wanted Pa to have faith in me. In my heart I knew this was wrong, but dont blame me, you have to remember Im a kid and kids do stupid thing. Pa will forgive me someday (maybe).
I loved my Pa, and I would rather have his trust than almost anything else, but darn it, he must understand - I had THE PLAN. 
With me knee deep into Phase II, there was no turning back now. I gently opened both doors and like magic the contents of the safe became visible. The safe contained three shelves at the top and a large open area at the bottom. The shelves were full of all sorts of different types items.
The material on the top shelf caught my eye first - stacks and stacks of money. How much, zillions and zillions I suppose, all bundled up in $100 Benjamin Franklins. The band around each bundle said one thousand dollars.
Next to the bills, stacks of shiny gold coins I picked up one, a U.S. $20 gold piece. Hundreds of them and they all looked the same, brand new.
Handguns filled that shelf too, most I didnt recognize. A few I had heard Pa talk about  some were WWII Army .45s and one had been shown to me just a few months ago  a .357 caliber Colt Python revolver. Boy, what a beautiful gun. Whoops, I called this piece of machined exquisiteness a gun, but what other name could I call this gorgeous piece of metal  oh yeah, forgot  a revolver  a beautiful revolver (better Pa?).
The next shelf contained only jewelry. Gold rings, Rolex watches, Emerald and Ruby bracelets, diamond earrings and all kinds and brands of pocket watches filled the entire shelf. Pa, not only a gun dealer, was also a pawnbroker. I suppose most of this booty came from that business.
There was one unusual item, I guess it was a clock that I picked up and studied.
It had to be the most beautiful clock that Id ever seen; well actually, I'm calling it a clock, it was too big for a watch. This thing had six sides, a glass face and appeared to be made of gold and silver. I would guess it was about 6 across and maybe an inch or so thick.
There were a number of little knobs and buttons on the sides. There was no name on the face just LED places for the date and time, I suppose. They were not lit up. It seemed broken - its battery must be dead, or it needed winding, I didnt know and really didnt care.
I sat it aside since I knew nothing about watches and clocks and besides they didnt seem to offer a clue to the secret I was searching for so I moved on to the third shelf.
That shelf contained a whole different assortment of items.
It contained stacks and stacks of folders, envelopes, and papers of all sorts. I saw small blue leather boxes with names of Army medals embossed on the outside, Bronze Star, Silver Star, and boxes and more boxes with different names. I didnt focus my attention on any of this because I was looking for something connecting Pa to the two strangers.
I discovered a number of thick green Army plastic folders  when opened contained certifications of military awards to Grandpa and Pa Scarburg.
Grandpa Scarburg? Pa Scarburg? What...?
I took them all out and placed them on the floor so I could see them better. In all, I ended up with three stacks.

*  *  *  *  *

On top of one stack, in a dark blue binder, I found one that appeared very important.
I opened the cover and behind the plastic protective sheet I saw this beautiful certificate. At the top, handsomely embossed, a five-pointed star grasped in the talons of an eagle both suspended on a royal blue ribbon, the certificate read:

Medal of Honor Citation

The President of the United States in the name of The Congress takes pride in presenting the

MEDAL OF HONOR
to
MASTER SERGEANT
ROBERT EDWARD SCARBURG, SR
UNITED STATES ARMY
for service as set forth in the following
CITATION:
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. MSG Robert Scarburg, distinguished himself while serving as a Special Forces Medic attached to an American-Vietnamese platoon while on a mission to rescue a downed American airman in enemy controlled territory in the Republic of South Vietnam.
Three squads had left the helicopter-landing zone (LZ), leaving one squad as a rear guard, and were moving out into the tall elephant grass on its rescue mission. Suddenly, and without warning, an enemy force, of at least company size, attacked from the front and both flanks. MSG Scarburg was first wounded while kneeling to treat a wounded comrade injured in the first assault. His weapon was useless  a bullet had totally destroyed it. MSG Scarburg saw his platoon leader fall, realizing the LT had been wounded and was lying in an area with no cover MSG Scarburg, although unable to walk, and weaponless, unhesitatingly managed to crawl toward his wounded Lieutenant and, through a hail of bullets, he was able to get to his leader, administer first aid and drag him to safe cover. Then MSG Scarburg, in full exposed view of the enemy and without regard for his own life, went about administering first aid to the wounded. As he was caring for the wounds of another wounded soldier a tossed hand grenade exploded near-by and severely wounded MSG Scarburg again. Lying in the mud, dazed and bleeding from the nose and ears, he forced himself back up and continued to administer to the wounded. By this time the reserve squad had joined the fight, but their squad leader was down and out of command. MSG Scarburg realized that as the only senior person still able to give commands, he took charge of the disorganized platoon and began to provide a leadership role that helped regain the platoon into an organized defensive force. After establishing firing positions, he then went from position to position, administering to the wounded and instilled in the men a spirit of determination and the Can Do attitude of the US Army. Through his outstanding example of courage, leadership and bravery, MSG Scarburg was able to reestablish the platoon into an effective fighting force. For over four hours MSG Scarburg's directed his men, without regard for his own personal safety, to continue to engage the enemy. By his efforts this small remaining force ultimately repulsed the enemy attacks and caused them to withdraw. After the cessation of the firefight MSG Scarburg, manned the radio, directed Dust Off helicopters into the DZ to remove the dead and wounded. MSG Scarburg, still himself badly wounded, would not allow medical attention for himself, until he personally supervised the loading of his men onto the Hueys and he would not leave that horrible killing field where so much blood had been shed until all were safely loaded and flying back to home base. MSG Scarburg was the last person to exit with the final helicopter that departed on that fateful day.
MSG Scarburg's gallantries in action, his complete devotion to the care of his men at the risk of his own life were in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflect great credit on himself, his unit, and the U.S. Army.
Given under my hand in the city of Washington this 23 day of November 1967.
David E. McGiffert
Secretary of the Army
 Whoa!! What is this? What is this Medal of Honor thing anyway? Seems like the name seems familiar but what does this document signify? I though Grandpa cooked in the Army, it says Special Forces Medic in the citation.
I found a faded newspaper clippings folded up and pushed down behind the certificate. I grabbed it and pulled it out. The newspaper article expounded on Grandpas heroic actions too. They read like Lee Marvin in the recent Dirty Dozen movie.
The papers explained how Grandpa Scarburg joined the Army when he was still in high school. How he fought the Germans in WWII and landed somewhere called Omaha Beach (I never realized the Germans invaded Nebraska, and I was really surprised to find out Nebraska had a beach too).
It contained things about Korea and finally a lot about Vietnam. There were stories about Grandpa being in the U.S. Armys Special Forces (Green Berets), and his assignment to the CIA's (Central Intelligence Agency) highly secretive Special Activities Division or more specific its elite Special Operations Group (SOG).
The articles said he had been part of MACV-SOG (Military Assistance Command Vietnam  Special Studies and Operations Group). They said his re-con (reconnaissance) teams operated out of Forward Operating Bases (FOB) that served as jumping off places to go back and forth across the borders into Laos, Cambodia and North Vietnam. The articles further stated some of those missions constituted some of the most dangerous ones in Vietnam.
In addition to this medal, the article stated he had been awarded a couple of Silver Stars, three Bronze Stars, a number of Purple Hearts, earned a Master Parachutist rating, awarded an Expert Infantrymans Badge. Were both Ranger and Special Forces trained and a list of other medals, achievements and unit awards a mile long.
What is going on? I had always heard an army traveled on its stomach, but this is ridiculous.
Surely his food wasnt so bad that he had to fight people because of it!

*  *  *  *  *

I jerked out my cell and dialed Chris (my best buddy). Yeah, dialed  I normally text except I was so nervous I couldnt hit the right buttons. Chriss father had been in the Army and Chris spoke army talk so maybe he would understand what all of this meant.  
My heart pounded louder and louder as I heard Chriss phone ringing.
Once, twice, three times  darn!! The phone went unanswered suddenly Chris answered.
Hello. He answered.
Chris, are you alone?
Forrest is that you? Why are you whispering, I can hardly hear you. Why are you calling, you never call me, you text. Is your 'phone broken or have you forgot how to text?
Barely above a whisper I asked, Forget the damn 'phone call (I meant darn I never cuss, Im sorry), Chris, Im in Pas gun room and I found some papers saying Grandpa Scarburg got something called a Medal of Honor when he served in the Army. 
Are you familiar with this Medal of Honor thing?
What are you nuts? Chris yelled back at me. "Your Pa is gonna kill you!"
Shhhhh, quite dont be so loud. I dont want Baba to hear Im in the gunroom! What about the Medal? Do you think this Medal thing is real? What does the Army give them for? I talked as fast and quietly as I could trying to get information on the Medal from Chris.
Slowing down to catch my breath gave Chris an opportunity to get a word in edgewise. His voice had settled down quite a lot when he said, I didnt say you were nuts for being in your Pas gun room... yeah you are... but I was trying to tell you that Medal is the big one! The biggest of the big, I mean this is Audie Murphy (the most decorated soldier in WWII later a Hollywood cowboy actor) stuff.
I thought what the hell (sorry slipped again) HECK  HECK! What did some old cowboy know about army medals? But I asked again, Chris tell me what THIS Medal is!
I thought I knew some dumb people, but Forrest you must be THE dumbest.
The Medal of Honor is THE biggest, THE greatest, THE highest medal you can get!!
The President himself presents the Medal to you; you go to the Pentagon or White House or somewhere important to get the award.
The Medal of Honor is a five-pointed star suspended on your neck with a royal blue ribbon; even generals kiss your ring, or whatever... anyway, the Medal is humongous!!
 I turned the cell phone off before Chris could say another word.
Whoa... !! Whoa... !! I thought, what Chris described was exactly what was shown on that certificate. But the name on the Medal Certificate must be wrong It's Grandpa Scarburgs name he was a cook! I cant visualize him scurrying back and forth across enemy borders with a knife in his teeth, and his face all painted up cooks did not scurry! Come to think of it - they did have knifes - oh yeah... carving knifes hummm!
I sat on the cold rock hard concrete floor with my legs almost asleep from lack of blood circulation when reality started to sink back in my brain tried to digest what I had seen in all the Army documents and the things I learned from Chris. It confused me tremendously. My mind could not stop thinking about what I had to do.
Phase IIs clock was ticking; I had no time left for it.
Phase II was about to step up and bite me in my butt. Pa would be getting home pretty soon so I must run through this information pretty fast. Most of this stuff on the floor belonged to Grandpa  it was awards, medals, certificates and all kinds of Army commendations. Some I thought I heard about and others I had no earthly idea what they signified. The main thing was - none of this had given me a clue to the Secret."
A big cardboard box sitting in the bottom of the safe, took up most of that space. I hadnt dug into it yet, but Pa was not home either, so I still had some time. I put all of Grandpas stuff back on his shelf and pulled the box out of the safe and onto the floor. Slowly I opened the lid, not knowing what to expect. Did Pa have the box booby-trapped? Oh, now I AM getting paranoid.

*  *  *  *  *

About the time I reached for the first cardboard flap that tell-tell creak of the upstairs floorboards clued me into the fact  Pa was home. Babas floors are hardwood and when stepped on in certain places a distinctive creaking sound can be heard downstairs. I recognized the creak. Yep, Pa was home! Phase II wasnt finished yet but there would be no Phase III (whatever that was to be) if I did not find some clue, and find it pretty quick.
I slid the box back into the safety of its storehouse; slowly swung the massive doors shut, pulled the handle up and twisted the dial. All items were back appearing un-disturbed. I turned out the gunroom lights; the basement was well lit. I walked across the basement to the upstairs door, flipped off the lights and trudged up the stairs and sat down to eat.
Pa had arrived with our supper; I began eating a taco, covering it with hot sauce when I felt I needed to say something, Hey Pa! What you been doing?
I think I surprised him, for I am not usually this talkative. He turned to me, his mouth dripping red hot sauce, and said, Hey... to you too, Forrest. What YOU been doing?
Nothing, Ive been doing nothing, nothing at all, absolutely nothing! I think Ill eat a taco."
Pa looked at me kinda weird and said, Forrest you ARE eating a taco!!
I was as nervous as a long tailed cat in a room full of rocking chairs so my attempt at conversation didnt even sound intelligent.
Say Forrest, you and I havent shot any pool in a long-time, what say we go downstairs and find out if you can beat the old man! I bet you are getting pretty good.
My mind kept racing what to say what to sayUh, Pa what about the days receipts? After we eat you have to finish those, dont you?
Yeah, your right but what about when I get through?
Immediately something like a bolt of lightning came down from the sky and popped me a good one, jarring my brain.
I remembered I had forgotten to put that yellowed 3x5 note card back into the file cabinet drawer where Pa had the combination safely hidden. It totally slipped my mind to return it. Now the card was lying there, totally exposed, on Pa's workbench.
I could almost sense it yelling 'here I am Pa come find me!
I had to make an excuse, any excuse to not go back down to the basement.
Pa probably wouldnt go into the gunroom but what if he did? My brain continued to spin. I felt hot real hot and I thought I could feel sweat forming on my brow! Surely not sweat and the temperature below freezing outside! Pa saw it too, I could feel him staring - sweat... he knew something was wrong. Every time he took a crunchy bite of his taco he would look over at me with that I know you are guilty of something look.
Get a hold of yourself Forrest, I said to myself. Youre not sweating! Pa doesnt know anything. Your mind is playing tricks on you - see Pas expression hasnt changed, he isnt aware of your actions. But I must figure a way to get out of this pool game somehow.
I finally said, Pa you have had a long day, and I have too, why dont we shoot some pool tomorrow. I think I want to go into the den, lie on the couch, and turn to Sportscenter on TV.
Oh okay, Im a little tired myself. Tomorrow will be fine.
I began to concoct the finish to Phase II.
I will go into the den, Baba would make me a bed on the couch, and I will pretend to fall asleep. When everyone is sound asleep I will slip back downstairs and finish Phase II. Yeah, a good plan, I thought.
Baba had gone to bed around 10:30 and Pa and I continued watching the Sportscenter.
I thought, this is working out fine. Pa will go to bed in a little while, and I can get back to my rat killing. (Oh, this tidbit is an old saying that my Nanny Scarburg used to say.) Hummm rat killing! Now that got me to wondering reckon what that meant before I had a chance to answer my own question, Pa suddenly exclaimed, Forrest I almost forgot to tell you, I taped the NBA All-Star Slam Dunk Championship! You want to watch the program?
Had Pa gone crazy of course I wanted to watch that contest was one of my favorites. The Slam Dunk contest was always during the NBA All Star weekend, and I never missed it. Forgetting for a moment about Phase II I glued my eye-balls to Pas 52 HD Sony so as not to miss a move or twist of Nate Robinson on all his tremendous 59 frame pull off his magic again; also the star Dwight Howard of the Orlando Magic appearing to float through the air and the Man Gerald Green from the Boston Celtics.
Whats with these guys!! They are great well I guess with the money they make, theyre supposed to be. For a little while I let my mind rest and I forgot about the two dudes, the leather satchel, the Ford sedan, the awards, the military medals in the gunroom and Phase II. 
Right now it was basketball all basketball.
Nothing finer than to be curled up on Babas couch watching her big screen TV. She had provided me with a huge down-filled pillow, a sheet to lie on, a warm comforter to cover up in and a cool soda on the end table. Before she went to bed she had even cooked me some cheese sausage balls to nibble on. Heaven? No, but close.
Before the Slam Dunk finished I nodded off to sleep, no longer than maybe for a minute, mind you. When I opened my eyes I looked over at Pas recliner and he was gone! How long I did not know had he gone to bed I did not know why didnt I stay awake I did not know asleep! I went to sleep!! 
Phase II depended on me sneaking back downstairs after everyone was asleep, Pa and Baba asleep not ME!! My whole The Plan depended on this!!
My brain was screaming at meStupid...! Stupid...! Why did you go to sleep!!!
I tiptoed down the hall toward Pas room good Pa had turned his lights off. I turned and went into the bathroom (in case he had heard me). I waited, trying not to breath, straining my ears to detect whether Pa and Baba had fallen asleep or not. I pressed my ear to the wall hoping to hear Baba mumbling or Pa snoring in his sleep. What's wrong with me? Did I think I had microphones for ears? Enough of this they are asleep, time to put my sleuth hat back on. Come on Phase II

*  *  *  *  *

I ventured down the hall, trying not to step on the creaking hardwood boards. Descended the stairs and ever so slowly opened the basement door. Leaving the door ajar, for light, I walked very quietly across the floor to the gunroom, never turning on the basement lights. Silently I entered the room. I tried to snap the light switch on as quietly as I could (am I stupid quietly - loudly! For goodness sake the things a light switch, okay).
I hurriedly retrieved the combination card, (thank you God) from the workbench and approached the hunk of steel again. I boosted my courage telling myself I had bested him once before and he will be mine once again.
Turn right to 25, left to 38, right to 16, left to 0, push the handle and turn to 68. Ah hathat strong metallic click signaled I had triumphed again. I pulled the handle and the first door swung open. Next, I reached out and felt the cold hard steel of door number two. I pulled - the door swung wide open without effort.
Lying in the bottom, exactly where it had been left   the box.
I slid the big cardboard container out of the safe and onto the floor. My excitement was beginning to overwhelm me. I immediately wanted to tear into its hidden secrets; however, I said to myself, slow down, be calm, you have plenty of time. And besides, I did not want to make any racket or noise.
I reached out, grasped the first cardboard flap, pulled it open and continued to unfold the next three. Now the brown lifeless box lay before me totally exposed.
For some unknown reason my mind flashed to a body on an autopsy table, all opened up and waiting for the forensics expert to uncover what had caused its demise. I was the expert now and the innermost secrets of my cardboard body lay awaiting my scalpel hands.
The box contained a number of folders belonging both to Grandpa and Pa Scarburg.
Most appeared to be a cream colored brown, and all military because the words U.S. Army, U.S. Government, Classified, Confidential, Secret and even Top Secret, or some military numbers were stamped all over the fronts. A two-pronged metal band stuck through the folder from the outside kept the papers attached, one on the front cover and one on the back. The papers themselves had two holes punched in the top and these mental strips held them in place. I also knew these were Army folders because one said:

MILITARY PERSONNEL
RECORDS JACKET
UNITED STATES ARMY

IF FOUND MAIL IN NEAREST U.S. POST OFFICE OR MAIL BOX. NOTE TO POSTMASTER-OFFICIAL. MAIL-RETURN TO COMMANDER, MILITARY PERSONNEL CENTER, 200 STOVALL STREET, ALEXANDER, VA 22332POSTAGE FOR RETURN IS GUARANTEED
DA FORM 201

A place for a photograph was provided (but devoid of any photo). Fingerprint cards, enlistment contracts, duty assignments, promotions, awards, medals, recommendations, training records, skills, Military Occupational Specialty (MOS), citations, marriage records, school transcripts, diplomas, and DD Form 214 Discharge Records all attached to the little metal prongs for me to read.
As I said these werent run-of-mill high school English class manila folders. Those documents were the real deal. United States of America official U.S. Army stuff, yes-sir-ree-sir! One huge one that stood out had a large red-bordered cover sheet with the words:
TOP SECRET
THIS A COVER SHEET
FOR CLASSIFIED INFORMATION
ALL INDIVIDUALS HANDLING THIS INFORMATION ARE REQUIRED TO
PROTECT IT FROM UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE IN THE
INTEREST OF THE NATIONAL SECURITY OF THE UNITED STATES
HANDLING, STORAGE, REPRODUCTION AND DISPOSITION OF THE ATTACHED
DOCUMENT WILL BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE EXECUTIVE
ORDERS, STATUTE(S) AND AGENCY IMPLEMENTING REGULATIONS
(THIS COVER SHEET IS UNCLASSIFIED)
TOP SECRET
Oh yeah I thought now this is what Ive been talking about I bet the answer to the Secret is in this folder. My hand trembled as I picked up this first folder and began flipping through the pages and pages.
The documents read like a history lesson.
The Central Intelligence Agency prepared this particular document. The CIA! Whoa! Now I didnt need Chris for this one I knew about the CIA. Spooks, spies, sleuths now were getting somewhere, I thought. This is getting to the Secret of the two men, the satchel and the Ford sedan.
Inside the aged cover a record of Grandpas military exploits around the world, and especially while in Vietnam. Overwhelmed! To say the least! But I had to dig deeper to find out about the Secret." And somewhere in this jumble of papers I believed I would find it.
I slowly forced my hand to move, willed my fingers to turn to the first page and let my eyes flow gently across the page. My eyes darted up and down, at first fast, but I forced myself to slow down and read the actual words written.
The documents had a musty kind of odor, a moldy aroma similar to the inside of the safe. The pages themselves, beginning to fade with age, were a reminder of a time long ago.
Sitting on the cold concrete floor my nose not only detected the scent on the documents that I was holding but I even had a hint of the ones still left for me to ponder, still within the box. Wait, I scented something else as I sniffed the air - a smattering of gun oil, hand cleaner and gun lubricating fluid drifted to my nostrils. Floating in the cool gunroom air was the tang of that odor. Pa created that smell and it wasnt from the cardboard box. I was glad, because it was real, not my imagination tricking me. It was here and it was now, and that cardboard box of history I had sitting before me did not cause it.
I looked back to the floor and the beautiful clock was still lying where I had earlier placed it. I picked it up to return it to its place on the shelf but my curiosity got the best of me. Darn broken clock, I thought. I shook it! Shook it again, this time pretty hard, held it to my ear  no ticking. There was one red knob protruding from the top of the clock  this might be the off and on switch I pushed it.
Damn (I mean darn)! The lights on the front came on and the clock started making a funny humming noise  sounded kinda like the tuning fork that we used in Science class. It was still broken tho the red lights on the dial did not have the correct time or date. I looked at my watch just to make sure  mine read 12:15 am the clock indicated 9:00 pm and the date showed 1967. Gosh, this thing hasnt worked in a long time!! I placed the broken clock back on the shelf and continued to read the documents.
I dont know how to explain what happened next. Some kind of weird phenomenon started. As I began to read the first few pages of this thick folder my body began to experience a strange sensation. My head grew light and I had the awareness things around me were becoming disoriented. 
Whatever was happening to me had the hallucinatory qualities of a trance.
I slowly became aware that I wasnt sitting on the cold gunroom floor; in fact, I do not believe I was in the gunroom at all!!
My body felt as if I were somehow in a dream but dreaming that I were awake - I saw things, but I couldnt touch them - I wanted to speak but was unable to - I saw people but I was invisible to them - I felt like a ghost - being totally unperceivable to them. Was I having an out of body experience? I floated about unnoticedit wasI where was I...? I had left the gunroomI was in the midst of a battle being described in the CIA documents I I I was in awar!! What war...? Now I recog yes I do now I recognize this from my video games this. this war is... is...Vietnam...!!!

"Sarge!! Sarge"" Yelled the Lieutenant, "Incoming!! Incoming!! Get the men under cover!!"
"Roger that LT!! INCOMING!! Yelled Sergeant Scarburg, in his strong authoritative voice. A voice that always demanded attention. "Get your asses in them 'fraid holes NOW!!.................. 

CHAPTER NINE

HOW IT ALL BEGIN?'
The CIA classified papers in the moldy box in the basement indicated the battle at Polei Kleng described earlier originally had its beginning when Master Sergeant Scarburg was assigned Team Leader of a Spike Team patrol from the I (Eye) Corps area, whose initiation point was in proximity of the Laotian border at Special Forces Forward Operating Base (FOB) Number 5 with the name Nah Trang.
Sarge would later find out, this was just the beginning of many US, CIA, SOG run operations that had as their goal the crossing of the borders into either Laos or Cambodia.
One of the very first, code named Photo Shoot," was under the operational control of the ARVN government but the on-the-ground authority remained with the CIA. In reality it was totally managed courteous of the CIA, as all these SOG type operations are. This way the ARVN government thought they had a finger in the pie.
Any type of reconnaissance gathering or intelligence missions, such as Sarges, fell under the auspices of OPS-35. Along with missions such as this one, OPS-35 sometimes would try to find and rescue ARVN or US combatants who were captured or reported as MIA (Missing In Action). Missions also included the capture of enemy prisoners and the conduct of PsyOps (Physiological Operations) operations in or near Laos and Cambodia.
This operation OPS-35, was funded and overseen through our CIA covert operatives, but to remain clandestine they were attached for C&C (command and control) to the U.S. Armys 5th Special Forces Group (Airborne) SFGA. In the event of capture or KIA (killed in action) their records would indicate that these personnel were on the rolls of 5th SFGA.
There were always men who wanted to constantly live with danger as a daily adrenaline high. They loved the excitement of having The Grim Reaper only a heart beat away. To these guys assignments with Mobile Strike Forces (MSF), sometimes referred to as Mike Forces, Special Ops or some of the very highly classified missions of SOG, gave them what they longed for - the rush from kicking death in the ass and surviving.  
From the 60s SOG was reported to have had as many as 1500 to 2500 US combatants (both civilian and military). This did not include app 6000 to 7000 indigenous troops who lived in the areas. These local troops were battle-hardened soldiers such as some Cambodias Khmer Krom (Cambodians born in South Vietnam), the South Vietnams Montagnard mountain people, and the Nung (mercenaries) ethnic minorities.
The Department of Defenses A Study of Strategic Lessons Learned in Vietnam reported that intel (intelligence) information gained from SOG operations on NVA troop concentrations and their movements along those sectors of the Ho Chi Minh Trail provided valuable intel to Saigon and Washington.
Due to the SOG OPS mission the US had a fairly clear picture of the enemy units in their border sanctuaries and along the Trail. However, the US Ambassador in Laos, William B. Sheridan was viewed as a field marshal. The U.S. sometimes referred to the Ho Chi Minh Trail as Sheridans Highway. Sheridan, when asked for authority to insert SOG teams, he would deny the requests on grounds the CIA already had teams working in those areas.
Sheridan might have been concerned also about how the Soviets would look upon the US military actions since he was a good friend with the Soviet Ambassador to Laos, Boris Kerenski.

*  *  *  *  *

Sleep was still heavy in the team's eyes and a faint hint of sunrise could be seen far off to the east as Sarge called his SOG team, Code name: Photo Shoot, Call Sign: Bravo Fox Trot, together, for their early morning pre-deployment briefing.
Most SF teams would have consisted of a larger force but right now SOG was fielding missions with 12 men or less to include no more than 3 Americans. Most of the time two or three SF personnel led these teams, with team leaders mostly sergeants.
Sarge quickly covered the details of the mission, told the men to pack lightly with enough rations to last a week. Hump (carry) as much personal extra ammo as possible, in addition to their 'basic load' (7 magazines of 20 rounds each), but remember he said, "Were going light. We want to shoot and scoot.
The Pig is staying in its pen.
The PIG, was just Army slang for the M-60 squad automatic weapon. A 7.62 mm, belt fed, machine gun; however, the SOP (Standard Operating Procedure) required three men to properly operate and fire it.
One - the gunner carrying 200 to 1000 rounds (depending upon his ability), two - the assistant gunner (AG), carrying a spare barrel and as much ammo as his ability allowed him to carry and three - the ammo humper, carrying the tri-pod plus additional ammo.
The rest of the men carried at least 100 pre-linked rounds with them for additional support. Leaving the M-60 allowed lighter, faster movement but reduced much needed firepower, if required.
The mission was simple: slip over the border, contact a few villages that some of their Vietnamese scouts knew, and try to convince them to work for us. When the opportunity arose snap pictures of areas and trails that the Viet Cong (VC) might find useful, including map coordinates.
Simple, and straightforward, avoid enemy contact, do the mission and get their asses back to base. While out and close to the Ho Chi Ming Trail (Ho's Highway), they were to plant some listening devices to allow HQ (headquarters) to hear and keep track of when the VC were coming up and down Hos highway. Sarge told them the Met message (weather report) was for rain (who could have guessed!) and for them to get their shit (gear) together and re-assemble in 'three-oh' mikes (30 minutes) at zero five hundred (5 am).
At the appointed time the team assembled themselves in the compound as instructed and Sarge gave the orders, Saddle Up - Lock and Load.
They moved out quietly and in a few minutes they were out of the safe zone and totally enveloped into the massive dense jungle.

*  *  *  *  *

Everything went according to plan for the first few days then without warning they stumbled into an ambush consisting of a full compliment of NVA regulars. How many? Sarge could only guess, but in scientific military terms, he thought a shitpot full!
Sarge had been running point with one of his scouts, Kam Louh. A slight built Vietnamese who understood English much more than he put on, was the slack man (2nd man in line on patrol).
Sarge knew he and Kam Louh were better than this - they could always sniff out an ambush.
What went wrong this time?
Something was not right, they had encountered many ambushes before but they were never caught this much off guard. It seemed the NVA anticipated their ever move, was this an inside job? And Kam Louh wasnt acting right. Was he still on our side?
This NVA unit seemed to be well trained, applied correct tactics, had plenty of arms and ammo, and their commanders appeared to be quite capable. This enemy unit was different from most units Sarges patrols had come up against before. The VC unit had sat up a perfect ambush, and had done so skillfully.
They caught us flatfooted this time, thought Sarge.
Sarges small, lightly armed and equipped force put up a good fight for a while, but the odds were impossible being so outnumbered and out-gunned. Damn, Sarge thought, I hope the Pig is warm and dry back at base, we sure could give him some needed exercise about now. But shit I can't blame that one on anyone but me!
Sarge put his hand to his ear with his thumb and little finger extended (hand signal for the radio man to come forward). Staff Sergeant Jason Harbin a redheaded, freckled faced kid who was much older than his youthful appearance indicated was Sarge's RTO (radio/telephone operator).
Harbin came double timing (running) up to Sarge with his AN/PRC-25 (Prick 25) radio strapped to his back.
Sarge shouted,  Get Six (Headquarters) on the horn (phone), now!! Normal patrol procedure would have had the 'slack man' carrying the radio but Sarge wanted one of 'his' (American Special Forces) men toting the Prick.
Harbin, grabbing the handset keyed it and breathlessly yelled, Echo Six! Bravo-Fox-Trot, Break!! (Static... no reply), again he frantically called, Echo Six...! Echo Six...! Bravo-Fox-Trot... How copy...?  Over...! Echo Six... Bravo-Fox-trot. This is Photo Shoot...! Repeat  - Photo Shoot...! Break!
Keying again he shouted, This is Photo Shoot! Photo Shoot! Taking fire!! Need one-fifty-five (155mm artillery) ASAP (as soon as possible)." Hardin then called out their map coordinates. The radios only response... frying noise of static.
Hardin cupped his hands around his mouth to enable Sarge to better hear his report, Sarge negative.  nothing!
Sarge yelled back, Keep trying, weve got to have one-fifty-five support! And we need it yesterday!
Sarge thought, Even with the long range antenna the Prick 25 had a maximum range of 18 miles or so but he thought there was supposed to be a retrans (re-transmitter) radio a couple of klicks (klick = 6/10th mile) closer to the border but on the Vietnam side, so contact to base should be established. He further believed they could not be much more than five to ten miles across Vietnams border.
Come on Harbin, get youre ass in gear, get me Six!
Roger Sarge, Im trying! but Harbin knew it was useless, but he tried one more time - response, same as before, same crackling static. It was obvious no one was receiving him on the other end, no response was acknowledged nothing was received but but static. They were on their on now.
One thing Sarge did know: Green Berets do not run.
Retreat is not in their vocabulary, and Sarge wasnt going to let history show he was the one who first broke their unwritten rule. He hollered to his men, "Alamo...!! Alamo...!! (A military slang to form up into a defensive fighting position).  The men all lightly armed, circled up in a defensive position and were determined to giveem a fight, no matter the odds.
Sarge was tenaciously resolute that he was going to be the last man standing.
Just as that fatalistic thought occurred inside his head the outside of his head was violently slammed with an AK-47, 7.62 mm FMJ (full metal jacket) bullet that ricocheted off the side of his head knocking him instantly unconscious. Slumping as he fell toward the ground another piece of hot steel penetrated his left side but fortunately Sarge felt no further pain.
Sarges head would have been better protected had he been wearing his steel pot (helmet) but Sarge never wore the pot he always preferred his green beret. As soon as Sarge was put out of action, MSG Howard automatically assumed command, but he was hit and immediately and went down also. Sergeant Howard, a big ox of a man, with the disposition of a wounded bulldog made a big target especially while standing up.
The only American left standing was Sergeant Hardin. He was next in order to command the team, but in his mind he had already made a command decision. He believed the best policy was to live to fight another day. He did not agree with Sarges John Wayne tactics. It was fortunate for Harbin that Sarge was presently in his comatose condition. The thought of 'running' would have given Sarge a good excuse to administer Hardin a good ass kicking! Green Berets dont run!!
Sgt Hardin instructed the men to grab Sarge and Howard and he made another command decision - the best course of action was to di di mau (hurry, fast or faster) right now, try to escape and evade the enemy forces until he could re-establish radio contact. He knew if, or when, they were captured the team had been supplied with SOG maps that had international boundary lines that were intentionally drawn wrong. In case of capture the maps provided plausible deniability that they were not over the border in Laos.
He also understood that anyone KIA (killed in action) in Laos HQ would report as a casualty in South Vietnam. Sgt Hardin certainly didnt want to be a casualty anywhere but especially in Laos. And he certainly didnt want his family notified he had been killed in Vietnam, when he was really lying dead somewhere in the weeds and grass of the wrong country. He reasoned maybe one or two of his men might escape and get back to tell his family where his final resting place might be. He thought, after the war, they might even come and disinter him and carry him back to the good ol U.S. of A.
After slipping out of the ambush the remaining team pushed their way through the wet rain soaked vegetation, trying to remain as silent as possible as they stayed slightly ahead of their ruthless, relentless pursuers. This worked for awhile but being surrounded and vastly outnumbered Harbin knew it was only a matter of time before his small force was captured or killed.
Sergeant Harbin was half right - captured they were.
MSG Scarburg was lucky in a way, only a few of his men had slight injuries, himself and Howard included, on the downside three of his team had been killed and now the rest were all POWs (prisoners of war) in the hands of his merciless enemy.
He had a concussion and a bullet hole through the fatty part of his left side. It was a t and t (through and through), so unless infection set in, he should be okay. MSG Howard had an arm wound, but it didnt seem too serious. Both their wounds werent life threatening, they just hurt like the blazes; however, their physical hurt couldnt erase the mental anguish that three of their men had been killed and they were all now POWs.
As Sarge slipped in and out of consciousness his groggy mind thought he heard, in the background, indistinct radio transmissions. He rightly reasoned, the VC were relaying messages of their prize catches back to their HQ. Sarges fogginess cleared long enough to realize that his team had been captured and were now under the control of the force that he had earlier been fighting.
Was he dead, Sarge thought? No, he hurt to bad to be dead. His head was pounding, his vision was blurry and there was a bloody rag, posing as a bandage, wrapped around his lower torso.
Their captors grabbed Sarge and pulled both his arms behind his back despite the obvious pain this caused to his wounded side. Sergeant Howard moaned, but didnt cry out, as they jerked his arms behind his body, and simultaneously bound the other team members wrists together. After being trussed up, their captors blindfolded their eyes, and secured them one to another with rope.
A crash of thunder sounded off in the distance - the men began their long arduous march to-who-knows-where. Wherever they were going, Toto they were definitely not going back to Kansas.
There were a couple of other things on Sarge's mind:  his head throbbed like hell and his side hurt like hell too, plus it was bleeding profusely. All-in-all Sarge thought, This is turning out to be a hell of a bad day!!

CHAPTER TEN

THE MARCH
The procession walked in single file. If they remained on their feet and walking things proceeded okay. If they fell they were dragged. If they didnt get up quickly they were severely beaten with the butts of their captors AK-47 or SKS rifles.
This torturous march went on for the better part of a week. Their only rest came at the once a day mealtime, when their slant-eyed captors consumed the teams PIRs (Personal Indigenous Rations). The captives subsisted on the NVA (North Vietnamese Army) rice balls, only given to them during the one and only daily break, and then just one small rice ball per man.
A week earlier Sarge's injuries had keep him from focusing on anything but the pain, now he had his panties in a wad over the VC eating their PIRs. This was good; at least now being angry showed he was improving.
Sarges mind drifted back to FOB 5 at Nah Trang before they left. He had stashed some trading material in his ruck in addition to his own PIRs. Before they left base camp and before his order to saddle up, lock and load, Sarge had stashed away, in his ruck, cans of Beans and Dicks (as the troops call them), most of the others loaded up on the PIRs which were lighter and were developed for the Long Range Patrols (LRPs). Some preferred the C rations and carried some of these; however most stocked up on the PIRs.
Actually Sarge's 'traders 'were just plain old Beenie Weeners packaged in an OD (olive drab) Army can, but everyone loved them. What everyone hated was those god-awful big white beans and that that. ham (as least thats what it was supposed to be! - it was) which floated in a bucket full of grease on top of the beans. However, Sarge, being an ol Alabama boy, loved his beans and ham, but they had to be heated to melt the grease. Sarge, practically raised on them as a kid of the Deep South, called them white butterbeans; they were considered good eating back in his part of the world.
Sarge would cut off a small piece of C4 (plastic explosive), set this little chunk of wax under the C ration can, take out his Zippo and fire the C4 up. The C4 burned with such a hot heat, it appeared almost invisible in daylight. Sarge would then search around looking for some wild green onions to add to the beans, once heated a feast fit for a king. Who would eat such a concoction the others always thought as Sarge enjoyed his butterbean feast. He only wished he had some cornbread to go with his beans!
And a funny coincidence - no one ever shared a two-man tent with Sarge on these bean-eating nights either, if you catch the drift (well its best not to catch the drift, youd be much better off if you stood up-wind from him). The beans served two purposes for Sarge: one - he got to eat something satisfying that he enjoyed; two - he got the entire tent to sleep in all by his lonesome. 
Someone jerked on Sarge's constraint rope and his thoughts quickly snapped back to the present and he remembered how pissed he was about those slant-eyed bastards consuming his good eats!
Sarge estimated they had been traveling close to 10 klicks (6 miles) per day, based upon this rate he reasoned they had traveled close to nearly 40 miles in the week they had been moving. As close as they had been to the Laos/Cambodia border when captured, Sarge, now believed they must be in Cambodia, or was headed in that direction.
At night he could hear the thunderous rumblings of Arc Light strikes on his six (rear), indicating their direction of travel was definitely away from the border.
Operation Arc Light was a code name given to B-52s, flying out of Guam, used as Close Air Support (CAS) of ground tactical operations. These strikes occurred along the Laos/Cambodia border or within Vietnam itself. Sarge knew the weak sounding explosive thump, thump, thump, of the falling 500 pounders told him they had to be at least 25 to 30 miles away. Normally, he could have seen the flash of the bombs, start counting one-thousand one... one-thousand-two... When he heard the first sound of the explosions he would divide his count by 2, the answer was approximately how far away the Arc Light raids were occurring.
On the occasional day with no rain Sarge could feel the hot sunlight falling upon his face during the morning and afternoon, and its heat on the side of his sweaty, dirty face indicated to him the direction of travel.
The trail they were following was just a thin ribbon of mud woven into the dense jungle undergrowth. Sarge knew he was in the jungle since he recognized the jungle odor of rotting vegetation and decaying wood; then there was the constant dripping of water, not only from the plants he brushed against but he could hear it falling from limb to limb from the canopy of the overhead trees. Most days the foliage was so dense Sarge could not feel the sunlight on his face to obtain his bearings. It was only April but the seasonal rains had already begun. Normally the rainy season started around May and lasted until October, but as Sarge thought, in this miserable part of the world nothing was ever normal.
Most days were filled with the constant downpour of rain, the crashing of thunder and the constant didi mau, didi mau (faster, faster) as they tried to negotiate, blindfolded, the narrow, slippery jungle trail. Even with the inevitable physical violence they knew would follow, Sarge and his men were continually stumbling, slipping and falling. At each fall a blow from a rifle butt or a kick to the ribs was swiftly delivered. Several times rifle fire accompanied the falls with the inevitable didi mau, didi mau . Sarge could only expect the worst, since they were blindfolded and not allowed to converse between themselves or their captors.
When Sarge began this Photo Shoot mission he had Sergeant Harbin as his RTO man. None better than this guy, young and green, but repairing a PRC-25 radio using only his Swiss army knife and a piece of chewing gum was his specialty. Electronics was his game, he talked it until they would tell him to just shut the hell up! His second in command, another American SF on the team - MSG Steve Howard was Sarge's Intel (intelligence) guy.  Back home in the world Steve had gotten into a club (translated - gang), saw trouble coming and quickly enlisted. Once in the Army, he found Special Forces just the thing he was looking for, he fit right in with those Sneaky Petes." He, like Sarge, was a lifer. The rest of the team were a couple of scouts and the other eight (five now) were Vietnamese Civilian Irregular Defense Group (CIDG) troops.

*  *  *  *  *

At the end of the weeks horrendous trek Sarge and his men arrived at a wide cleared area. He would later find out this cleared area contained a large wooden structure hidden deep within the mountainous forest. The whole area around the clearing was under an umbrella canopy of dark green trees so thick that sunlight seldom found its way to the ground. If the walking, dragging and beating were not punishment enough, it rained like pouring piss out of an Army boot most all the way to this god-forsaken rendezvous point. 
Sarge believed, in his gut (and his gut was seldom wrong), they were being taken to meet Mr. Big. But who would Mr. Big be? Who knows, but this bunch of Goodyear (VC shoes made from car tires) sandal-wearing gooks were not the sharpest pencils in the drawer, you know. Someone smarter had to be waiting for them. The distance and direction of travel indicated to Sarge that they had been taken somewhere into Cambodia.

*  *  *  *  *

Upon entering the thatched roofed large log building the smell of wet fungus intermingled with smoke emanated from a fire burning JP-4 fuel (jet fuel) met Sarges nose. No, Sarge thought, it couldnt be JP-4 it must be kerosene. They wouldnt have jet fuel this far out in the boonies and JP-4 is just low-grade kerosene anyway.
Their captors removed the blindfolds as they entered the building. Sarge squinted trying to adjust his eyes to the dim light - a few lanterns and a large fireplace were the only source of this light. Light, however dim, was the first his blindfolded eyes had not had been used to seeing in nearly a week.
Once he began to focus he tried to transfix his eyes on a vague outline of something Sarge saw through the haziness of the smoke on the other side of the room. At first Sarge thought it was the smoke playing tricks with his eyes, but quickly his eyes cleared and allowed the image to become apparent. It was a man, a large man, big boned and heavy. To big to be one of these diminutive piss ant sized VC (Viet Cong) that tried to pass themselves off for real humans. No, this figure was no VC, there stood a MAN!! Probably, Sarge reasoned, would go a good 210-220 lbs, and over 6 tall. He cant be NVA (North Vietnamese Army) or VC.
Sarge slowly walked forward and closed the distance to the specter; the smoky haze had cleared and he could see his captors face quite clearly now. The face appeared sun-weathered and rough. Its one prominent feature was a deep scar on his right cheek. A scar that began close to the bottom of his right eye and ended almost at the corner of his mouth. Sarge thought, I bet whoever did that is no longer bragging about it. But the rest of the face, thought Sarge, had that coarse rough look that indicated it had seen and done things that Sarge didnt want to know about right now. The one thing Sarge knew for sure, he definitely wasnt one of those midget NVAs (North Vietnamese Army).
The room seemed crowded. A number of Sarges NVA captors had entered the room and mingled with a group of VC that were already assembled in the room when the team arrived. A number of the VC were dressed in those Boy Scout shorts they loved so much. Long-sleeved shirts buttoned at the wrists, and yes Sarge was right, they had on their Goodyear sandals too. A couple of the VC had on the black pajamas (Sarge never could understand whether they were getting up or getting ready for bed) with the proverbial conical straw hats. They couldnt be members of the same force that captured us, Sarge thought. The goons that captured us were dressed in military uniforms.
Back to Mr. Importance - he was outfitted in an officers uniform. Im right Sarge thought, hes not NVA. I recognize that uniform!! That uniform is... is... Russian!! It is a Russian field uniform!! Seeing the green camo (camouflaged) epaulettes with the two horizontal silver stars and the one vertical silver star (three stars in all) positioned on two red stripes on his shoulder, Sarge immediately recognized the three stars as the Russian rank of Colonel.
It was the cover (hat) on his head that immediately caught Sarges attention. The Colonel was wearing a blue beret! In the Russian army the Spetsnaz GRU, (the Soviet Special Forces) are the only ones authorized to wear the blue beret! If Spetsnaz could be translated into English the word would be evil. The regular Russian army is even terrified of them. If this were WWII these guys would be the Russian equivalent of the German SS.
Sarge thought, this aint gonna turn out good! The Russian Spetsnaz GRU fulfills the same role for the Russians as the CIA, FBI and NSA (National Security Agency) does for the US, with two exceptions: they are merciless and sadistic! They are the all-seeing eye of the Russian bureaucracy and military. It is a massive intelligence gathering operation involving all types of electronic reconnaissance including Communication Intelligence, Television Intel, Electromagnetic Intel, Radar Intel and Infrared Reconnaissance. They report only to the Defense Minister and the Chief of the General Staff. Even Russias civilian leadership is denied access to their produced intelligence.
If I remember correctly, Sarge thought, they are divided into 12 primary departments and Department Number Three covered SE Asia. A further thought crossed Sarges mind, what would a Russian Spetsnaz Colonel from Department Three be doing out here in the boonies? These high ranking son-of-bitch spooks usually keep their fat asses close to the home fires in Moscow The real confusing thing was the Spets' always dressed in the clothes or uniform of the unit in which they were blending into. But this Colonel was not trying to hide his identity; in fact, he was showing off and was proud that we knew who he was. Sarge though, were in deep do-do (Russian for shit) now!!. I dont mean ankle deep, were above the knees with this one. Whatever the Colonel is after, its important stuff, thought Sarge. Sarge now thought, if he doesnt care we know he is Spetsnaz GRU were not leaving here alive. There wont be any witnesses to say Colonel Spetsnaz GRU was ever here.
Sarge could barely see the man standing to the Colonels right. He must be his second in command, thought Sarge. Another Russian in field uniform - like we need two of these loonies. His epaulettes had three small silver stars positioned horizontally on one red stripe, his Russian rank - Senior Lieutenant (SRLT). 
Sarge recognized he wasnt Spetsnaz, no blue beret; only officers ranked captain and above were allowed membership into the exclusive Spetsnaz club.
Of the two, Scarburg reasoned the LT might be his worst nemesis. A Senior Lieutenant, bucking to be promoted to Captain, would be trying to impress his superior, the Colonel. Information gleaned from the Sarge today would go a long way toward getting the LT the honor of donning the cherished blue beret someday.
This LT was tall and lean, 'I bet he's about my height (6'2") and will not go much over 165 lbs ' thought Sarge. 'But he's so fair with his light hair and blue eyes, if I didn't know better I would think he was an American.' 
The Colonel spoke first, using fairly good English, broken sometimes, and smothered with a thick Russian accent hinting of the Ukrainian region (yeah, I know Ukrainians speak Ukrainian, not Russian, but what the hell, its close enough). Gentlemen let I welcome you to my little house here, swinging his arms about the room, I am Colonel Nikita Ergorov. What, please may I ask, was your mission?
Sarge answered, Mission? What Mission? Were just tourists looking for a good trout stream up here in these mountains. Do you know of a good place to drown a worm?
Scoffing the Colonel replied, Funny American  yes funny Russia we get American films, see funny American propaganda programs. Do you think the Sergeant he be funny, huh Lieutenant? the Colonel said motioning toward his underling.
Before the LT had a chance to respond the Colonel continued, He so funny, me thinks Im going to leave him with you to tell more funny stories, Okey dokey? Pausing, he turned and added, Sorry for bad mannersthis is Senior Lieutenant Ivan Petrov.
Are you guys for real, Scarburg thought to himself.
The Colonel motioned for some of the men in the roomful of VC/NVA to follow him and bring the rest of Sarges team with them. Those would be the two American Sergeants, the two ARVN Scouts, and the remaining CIDG troops. Sarge, noticing two more of his men were missing, thought, I guess I know what those rifle firings on the trail were all about now.
Normally SF teams would have a 1st LT or better still a Captain commanding, but the 5th SFGA, was short handed and do as can do was the prevailing policy right now. It was just as well, Sarge knew what to expect and, more importantly, what to do in a POW (Prisoner of War) situation... A new Captain or Lieutenant might not be as experienced as Sergeant Robert Scarburg, especially, in a capture situation.

*  *  *  *  *

At first the Russian LT seemed friendly enough with Sarge. He called for a chair for Sarge, inquired about his wound and asked if he would care for a canteen of water? No, Sarge snapped back. The LT instructed Sarges restraints be cut and allowed him to sit down. Sarge was relieved to be able to rub his wrists  it had been a week and he had lost almost all the feeling in his hands.
Where in states you are from?
South of Tim Buck Two! Sarge responded. Sarge followed with, Who won the Soviet World Series this year? The Lieutenant looked puzzled at the question, he didnt understand what Sarge meant but regardless his impatient was growing thin.
He walked over and hit Sarge with a clenched fist, hard, once, twice, three times. Sarge could feel the iron tasting blood beginning to ooze out the corner of his mouth. He had been in similar POW situations before; a little torture with pain was to be expected. 'Been there done that', Sarge thought. He knew this was just the warm-up - the torture would escalate; however, Sarge was determined the Russians would receive no information from him regardless of the pain they inflected.
The LT understood the mindset of his superior, the Colonel - he expected answers, Sarge was wasting his time.
What no small talk? No chit chat? Sarge said after the hard bone jarring hits. Thats whats wrong today  no one knows how to conduct a proper interrogation. The LT was very annoyed and wanted to smack Sarge across the face again but beating him wasnt working. The LT wanted to impress his boss the Colonel; the Colonel needed results and results the LT was going to provide. The fly in the ointment was Sarge - Sarge was not cooperating. His current torture methods werent working, the LT decided to move on to his Plan B.
The Lieutenant pointed to a length of rope lying near the fireplace and ordered a couple of the VCs to tie Sarges wrists together; however, this time they were tied in front not in back. Once his wrists were securely tied the rope was thrown over an exposed beam and Sarge was hoisted up until his toes could just barely touch the floor. Ivans demeanor was not pleasant, in fact, Sarge found him to be quite rude and unpleasant!! Once again Lt Petrov began his questioning, he asked again, Vat were your mission? Ve were monitoring your radio talk and you guy say Photo Shoot, what means Photo Shoot?
Sarge wouldnt give the Little Russki piss ant the courtesy of an answer. He just reiterated Article Five of the Military Code of Conduct: his Name, Rank, Serial Number and Date of Birth (DOB).
This was also in accord with the Geneva Convention, but someone had forgotten to inform the Lieutenant of its importance. Nevertheless, those bastards never recognized these humanitarian rules anyway but regardless Sarge wouldnt talk nor explain his mission.
In fact, the mission wasnt more than a quick trip into Laos to the home villages that were familiar to some of the ethnic minority team members who were trying to persuade the villagers to help establish in country bases for future operations. Simultaneously they were to plant acoustic and seismic sensors along the Ho Chi Minh Trail.
Regardless of the seemly inconsequence of their mission Sarge would tell the little Russian nothing, not even the code name for their Ops: Photo Shoot. It meant nothing; the brass probably picked the name out of a simple team assignment book. Nevertheless, he gave them nothing but Name, Rank, Serial Number and DOB:  Scarburg, Robert Edward Sr, Master sergeant, RA34583764, 29 December 1919.
Little Ivans demeanor worsened, he became agitated and seemed aggravated. He thought the time had come to give Sarge a little enticing incentive - Plan C.
He ordered one the VC to strip Sarge's fatigue shirt off exposing his muscular, well-toned, sun-tanned chest. The bloody 'bandage' still encircled his waist covering the bullet wound in his side.
The LT ordered it removed.
Sarge grimaced - he knew the 'rag' had not been removed in a week and surely was blood hardened and adhering to the gapping hole as if applied by glue. Removing it was not going to be just painful but REALLY painful...! The little VC bastard grabbed hold of the bandage - Sarge tightened his teeth together knowing what was about to come - pain. Like someone poking a stick in your eye pain. The little VC looked up at Sarge and grinned. You sick sadistic bastard, said Sarge under his breath. I'd love to put one of my Number 12's into those two big buck teeth in your damn mouth. The little VC bastard understanding no English continued to grin.
Sarge was right, as the little VC bastard jerked the 'rag' away it hurt... oh, hell did it hurt but Sarge would never give those maggots the pleasure of seeing him yell or exhibit pain...' you sons-of-bitches your day is coming!'
As the sweat dripped from his face Sarge forced himself to look down at the bullet hole, he thought, sighing, Well its not as bad as I thought. At least its not bleeding real bad and dont look infected.
The LT, pulling up a little three-legged wooden stool, stepped upon it. Both being about the same height looked Sarge eyeball-to-eyeball and inquired about his mission once more, and the name Photo Shoot'.
Sarge was so close to the LT he could smell the salty sweat on his face and the faint aroma of cigarette smoke was still on his breath. Sarge stared deeply into the sky blue eyes of his tormentor and for a second his mind wandered from the pain and ugliness of his present situation - he looks like my first cousin - Aunt Sally's middle boy. What a silly thought he reminded himself - how can a baby faced like this shit get such a close shave out here in the wilderness? Hell this is real Sarge thought, 'That's probably one of my damn Winstons,' and he wanted to tell that Russian idiot: Idiot! Photo Shoot is only a name. Get it, just a stupid assigned damn name, no more and no less.
Sarges disposition had not changed and he wasnt going to give the Russki ANYTHING so he answered with the same Name, Rank, Serial Number and Date of Birth response. This time the Russian Blue Beret in training picked up a piece of firewood and struck Sarges hard, very hard, a number of times. So hard, if fact, a flow of blood, started slowing dripping out both corners of his mouth at a considerable greater flow than earlier; it hurt, and had the same salty iron taste, but Sarge chuckled to himself anyway, not about the abuse, but about a subconscious thought he had just envisioned.
His brain wandered to something so funny he wanted to grin. He understood this wasnt the time or the place to laugh not even a slight grin but he couldnt help himself; it was like one of those times you get tickled and for some unknown reason whatever happens makes the situation funnier and funnier and you begin to laugh harder and harder. The more you try to stop just causes the laughter to intensify. This was one of those moments - The Grin! He couldnt stop, he tried biting his lip (no luck), ran his tongue over the cut inside his jaw (no luck), out IT came - The Grin - It began slowly and then The Grin began to curl the corners of his mouth upward, not a laugh mind you, just a hellacious grin!
This was a grin to be proud of  in another time and another place perhaps; however, the Junior Russian did not appreciate Sarges humor and The Grin to him was defiance, and Jr was getting pissed off. Ivan, standing on the stool, struck Sarge again, What you think - Ivan stupid? American pig capitalist be stupid one! I know Photo Shoot, you tell me about mission.
Ivan didnt know what Sarge was actually thinking about. It wasnt Junior nor his stinging slaps, not the mission Photo Shoot, none of these. Of all things he could be dwelling on it was a person - Einstein! Einstein, Sarge thought, should be the last person on his mind but it wasn't Einstein himself but one of Einsteins quotes that made him smile. Einstein said that the definition of insanity was  - doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. Ive got it now! Ivan is INSANE!! He keeps asking me the same questions over and over and I keep giving him the same answers.
Hence the big grin!!
Now things took a turn for the worse - Sarge heard an indiscernible conversation between men taking place in the backroom. He struggled to hear what was being said; the talking got louder and boisterous, suddenly it abruptly stopped, not a sound  total silence. The next sound he heard was the creaking of rusty door hinges, glancing around he saw the Colonel abruptly storming through the door at the rear of the room and returned to join his little torture group.
Colonel Blue Beret went over and spoke quietly to LT, words that were inaudible to Sarge. When finished he motioned to the crowded room and spoke to them in Russian and Vietnamese. A number of Sarges captors were in the room mingling with a group of VC that was present when Sarge and his team arrived. Without another word the uniformed NVAs started to depart. As they began to leave they started rummaging through the American teams equipment. When the captured Photo Shoot team arrived their stuff had been piled in a corner of the room. The VC/NVA leaving were now confiscating anything from the teams pile of equipment that they wanted.
Sarge remained silent until one of the pricks picked up his personal torn, blood stained Green Beret. Hey, Sarge cried out, put that beret back.
With this outburst the LT again struck Sarge across the face, You, say nothing!
Sarge replied, He can have the beret, its the photo! The photo you stupid idiots! What the hell is wrong with you, I said photo... my photo!
The room suddenly fell silent - it went from a frenzy of noise and chatter to complete silence. The room reacted as though lightning had struck.
Sarge thought he could actually hear the NVA straining to hold their breath and not a word was uttered.
Silence! Total silence! You could have heard a pin drop.
What said you? spoke the Colonel, poking Sarge with his finger.
Photo! Sarge said, Photo, I want my photo that is inside my beret. It is my family. I want my photo! 

*  *  *  *  *

And then, out of the blue, the Colonel asked Sarge about P.H.O.T.O. He didnt say MY photo or THE photo. He said the word distinctly  just P.H.O.T.O.! That was the first time Sarge had ever heard the word uttered as a specific word spoken in terms of an acronym. He understood they were not talking about HIS photo or their mission Photo Shoot. This was entirely something else, a piece of information only a high-ranking Russian officer would have privy to or be interested in. What was P.H.O.T.O., an acronym, a picture, the name of a place?  Whatever its identity, it was important to the Colonel and he thought Sarge knew something about it.
Sarge decided to toy with them and see if he could find out as much as he could about P.H.O.T.O. He couldnt let on he was playing them, he wanted them to think he actually understood what the letters meant. What do you know about P.H.O.T.O.? Sarge asked.
The Colonel stepped upon the LT's stool - facing Sarge with noses almost touching - demanded, Tell me about P.H.O.T.O.! What you know? I know you know P.H.O.T.O. You use Photo Shoot talk on military radio. Your mission to look for P.H.O.T.O. and takes shoot camera pictures?
Sarge answered, in his best southern drawl, Yeah, photo, I got me one of them photo makers one day at the PX (Post Exchange Store). Funny thing too, I think they called it a Polaroid. Smile push the little button and presto out pops this photo your talking about... If you want Colonel, you can let me and my team go. Ill send you a Polaroid photo maker for Christmas; yeah, one for you too, Junior. Wait a minute - do you heathens celebrate Christmas?
Breathing heavily, the Colonel, his face again an inch from Sarges face; so close Sarge could also smell his salty sweat dripping down the ass holes face, he could also detect the essence of cigarette smoke on his military fatigue shirt. If he got any closer Sarge thought he might even identify the brand smoked! The Colonel asked, What you know Pac Toul?
Sarge was speechless. This is big thats why this Russian big shot is here, Sarge thought. What was Pac Toul, a place, a thing, a name, what do you suppose? And The P.H.O.T.O. - how was it connected to this Pac Toul? Somehow the Colonel thought we had knowledge of it. I bet the loud commotion in the backroom was about this P.H.O.T.O. business. Sarge didnt know what The P.H.O.T.O. or Pac Toul was, but he knew the Colonel was pissed off.
The only answer that Sarge could provide was I dont know, but he knew that would not satisfy the Colonel so he just responded with his usual Name, Rank, Serial Number and DOB answer: Scarburg, Robert Edward Sr, Master Sergeant, RA34583764, 29 December 1919.

*  *  *  *  *

The Colonel was getting impatient and his Spetznas training was beginning to surface. As he stepped from the stool he said, So Scarburg Scarburg that is name kind  your your funny book man  Superman. Both you fellows have S name. You both think you Man of Steel. Me thinks you need Superman S so you and me do not forget you Man of Steel.
The Colonel produced a large Ka-Bar knife and began to carve a big S onto Scarburgs chest, a little part of the S one piece of skin at a time. The Ka-Bar was a large, steel, razor sharp, leather handled, 10 long American bowie knife. The U. S. Marines were the big users of the Ka-Bar. It appeared that whoever was its original owner; he obviously had no further use for it. The VC had obviously borrowed it.
Now the Colonel used the Ka-Bar to carve the Superman "S" symbol on Sarge's chest. The questioning process followed this routine:  Colonel asked questions about The P.H.O.T.O., Pac Toul and Photo Shoot- Sarge responded with Name, Rank, Serial Number and DOB.
Colonel cuts small piece of S from skin on chest.
Colonel repeats questions Sarge responds the same answer more flesh is removed from chest on and on this routine proceeds.
Sarges captors still had ropes tied to his wrists, suspended from a beam with the tips of his toes barely touching the floor. With each excruciating cut from the Ka-Bars finely honed steel tip, Sarge would bite his lip so as not to give those bastard Russkis the pleasure of witnessing him scream out. Salty sweat dripped down his face and red sticky blood flowed down his carved tanned chest and puddled around his pant's top.
Both the sweat from his face and blood from his chest comingled with blood from the wound in his side; this blood and sweat continued down to his trouser top and soaked the legs of his jungle fatigue pants.
This process went on and on for, what seemed like, hours but Sarge would not tell them anything. His mind drifted, 'if this were a movie the cavalry would come over the horizon about now and save us!!'
They slapped him, hit him with rifle butts, punched his bullet wounded side, they continually tortured him but he would not tell them anything, nothing, nada, zero.
The Colonel thought to himself, This American, he be very honorable man, very courageous, but very stupid. He tell me about P.H.O.T.O. and Photo Shoot he and his men will still die, but quickly, not slowly.'
How ironic, Sarge WAS honorable, he WAS courageous, but in a way he WAS stupid. Not the book type stupid but in the technical definition of Stupid: Showing a lack of intelligence. In this case Sarge lacked military intelligence concerning P.H.O.T.O and Pac Toul.
At last, after analyzing the situation, a plan flashed into Sarges head. Kinda like the light bulb above the cartoon character's head when they had an idea.
He had concocted a scheme that might get them out of the Colonel's place alive.
He reasoned if he were unconscious they might have to lower him from the rafter and try to revive him before more questioning could continue. Once down he could he could well he hadnt figured that out yet. Something would come to him he believed, right now he would play it by ear, so to speak.
He began this first phase of his plan: his neck muscles fell limp his head dropped down with his chin resting on his bloody chest, the tension in his body relaxed - he pretended to pass out.
The buck-toothed VC punched him in the body once... no reaction; he struck him hard against his head... Sarge showed no reaction. LT Ivan pricked him with the Ka-Bar... no response, then he punched his bullet wound with his fist... still no reaction. The pain was almost unbearable but they were not going to get him to cry 'uncle'... he didn't flinch.
The Colonel, seeing they were getting nowhere fell right into Sarges plan  he ordered Sarge cut down from his suspended position and revived.
Things are working out perfectly, thought Sarge. Ive got them right where I want them now.
The Colonel turned and spoke to the remaining soldiers in the room, Take break, weak American can not take little interrogation. We eat, drink and try again in little while. At the mention of eat and drink the soldiers shuffled to the yard outside to chow down (eat).

*  *  *  *  *

 The accomplishment of Phase I was now complete - he was down from the rafter and untied - begin Phase II  (which just occurred to him). Sarge had noticed the Lieutenant possessed a Spetsnaz knife (the Russian Spetsnaz knife is built with a powerful spring installed inside its grip allowing the blade to be ejected like an arrow; in reality it is a shooting knife), the LT has this knife attached loosely to his belt.
Sarge reasoned, If I could grab that knife Ill have a chance.
The Colonel ordered the LT to throw a bucket of cool water in Sarge's face to revive him.
As the Lieutenant bent down to douse Sarges face Sarge sprung into action, surprising the LT. Sergeant Scarburg reached, quickly grabbed the knife from it's sheave and pushed the LT aside for the moment.
The Colonel turned rapidly to grab Sarge, but too late.
Sarges hand that held the Spet knife was already raised and the knife was pointed directly at the Colonels heart. Without a seconds hesitation Sarge fired the 'shooting knife' point blank, directly at the Colonels chest.
Sarge didnt care precisely where it hit just as long as it struck the Russian bastard's chest. The blade of the knife ejected from its mount, flew straight toward the Colonel and imbedded itself deep within the center of his Spetsnaz camouflaged shirt.
He gasped once, reached up with both hands in an attempt to remove the blade, grasped the blade, exhaled loudly, his knees crumbled and he fell, like a sack of flour, to the floor.
Sarge immediately reached down and grabbed the Colonels sidearm, an automatic Russian Tokarev pistol. At the moment he didnt care what type or model it was, just as long as it contained bullets and would shoot.
Sarge turned toward the LT who had gotten up and began lunging toward him; however, before LT Petrov could grab him Sarge instinctly thrust the pistol's muzzle into his Russki chest and pulled the trigger...
It was loaded!
There was a great eruption of noise, smoke and the metallic clank of a spend shell casing striking the floorGreat, he thought, it worked, the Junior Russian collapsed in a heap on the floor joining the Colonel. A trail of wet glistering crimson began flowing out from under the now limp body onto the wooden floorboards.
 Before he could reflect on the moments happenings Phase III was immediately at hand how to handle the soldiers in the yard? He knew they would be back in the building in a moment after hearing the pistol shot and all he had for defense was the remaining bullets in Colonels Tokarev firearm. He didnt even know how many rounds remained in the magazine, if any! To make matters worse, all the M-16 rifles belonging to his team were outside in the yard with the NVA and VC.
Before Sarge's feet had time to move he heard the whirling whomp, whomp, whomp of helicopter blades, and the air filled with the sound of machine gun fire coming from high above the building.
This building appeared to be strongly built and fairly substantial but regardless of its strength it was now being riddled and shaken to its very foundation; the unleashing of 2.75 rockets and machinegun fire from the helicopter whirling above was savage  but he recognized that noise that wasnt noise, that was pure music that was an OD (Olive Drab color) Green UH-1D Huey, and it was the property of the U.S. Army.
The explosions and small arms fire became so loud he could hardly hear himself think but regaining his composure he started to bolt across the room. He had only taken a couple of steps before the last sounds his ears perceived was an excruciating loud explosion followed by the tearing of timbers and the crashing of planks and boards. Over the din of this destruction he could hear loudspeakers playing the tune, Gerry Owen.
At this same instant he was blinded by a terrible flash of intense bright light and his body was enveloped in the most extreme heat that he had ever experienced then as everything was beginning to go black his saw the unit insignia painted on the nose of his rescuing flying angel a gold shield with a diagonal black stripe and a black horse's head in the upper right corner... it was... it was...
The Cavalry... Huey helicopters of the U.S. Armys 1st Cavalry Division...!!!

CHAPTER ELEVEN

THE 75TH FIELD HOSPITAL
Thursday 13 July 1967
The air in the room felt cool and the bed soft and the sheets white and clean. His face close shaven and his light blue striped pajamas had a wonderful comfortable lived-in feel. Everything had a refreshing, antiseptic smell.
Sarge was awake, the first time he had been conscious since the helicopter attack in the woods almost two months ago. He was now trying to take in all the mysterious things he was seeing around him.
Everything was blurry and out of focus.
Presto! That little proverbial light bulb appeared over his head he saw it clearly now Nah, you cant fool ol MSG Scarburg, he thought to himself, I didnt fall off the turnip truck yesterday he realized, at that very moment, he was was dead!!  
He had his eyes open but he couldnt recognize anything in the room but a couple of vague shapes.
Are they Angels? 
Oh no!  Please no (he gasped) not not Devils!!
Please let them be Angels, he thought.
He peered into the cloudiness his head was creating, staring as hard as possible to see if he could make out the two shapes he knew was standing next to this wonderful, clean, good smelling bed. This had to be heaven, he thought to himself. Hell would be hot and dirty, and I wouldnt have this this WONDERFUL bed. Now come on eyes, God would certainly let me have perfect eyes in Heaven, wouldnt he?
Speaking in a soft whisper, one of the shapes said, I think he is beginning to come to.
What was he saying about Heaven, I couldnt make it out, questioned the second shape.
If he thinks hes in heaven, then hes going to find out what hell is all about in the next few weeks! spoke the first shape again.
By now his brain began to clear away some of the smoke and fog and he began to distinguish the real from the imaginary. The first talking shape was a woman. God what a woman, she was dressed in all white with orange hair! She must have been seven feet tall, built like a linebacker with the disposition of a drill sergeant. Oh, yeah, now he could see her plainly. Oh no, this cant be Heaven, it must be Hell!! thought Sarge.
As more fog dissipated he recognized she was a nurse, an Army nurse, no less. On the collar of her stiff, freshly pressed, white uniform was pinned a Majors Gold Oak Leaf. Her black plastic nametag read 'OSULLIVAN'. 
Unknown to Sergeant Scarburg her full name and duties were: O'Sullivan, Margaret Ann, Major, Chief Nurse at the 75th Field Hospital at Pleiku, South Vietnam. 
She had been in country for almost a year. Her DROS (Date Returned from Overseas) was coming up pretty soon and she would soon be going home. Gruffness and ill temperament, was Sarge's first impression of the Major; however, nothing could have been farther from the truth. Major OSullivan had been beside the bed of MSG Scarburg in this Intensive Care ward for the past two months. She checked on him when she first came on duty and he was the last patient she looked in on as she was going off shift.
Sarge could now plainly see the second figure in the room. The shape was not another drill sergeant posing as a nurse this was a man. This man was dressed in a Class-A Army uniform with railroad-track insignias on his shoulder indicating that he had the rank of Captain. MSG Scarburg, at first, only glanced at the Army Captain then trained his eyes on him stared intensely at his faceI know this man! Damn if I dont but where do I know him from who is he...? Can it be...? No no its not possible Robert, (barely audible) is... is... is that you? Sarge asked the Captain.

*  *  *  *  *

Hey, Pop!! Robert, Jr. said softly, yeah, its me.  Welcome back to the land of the living, you ol s.o.b!!
Son, whats going on? I thought you were at Stanford getting that post-hole digging (PHD) degree or something! When? Where? Why? Im confused. You in the Army! Your last letter never mentioned you in the Army. Here in Vietnam I... I dont know what to say, my minds a blur I I
Mom knew all about it, but she and I did not want you to worry about me. From the looks of things you had enough to do just keeping yourself alive. I thought it best to keep you in the dark until the time was right. I guess now is the right time.
Major OSullivan stepped up beside the bed and touched Captain Robert Edward Scarburg, Jr. on the arm, Lets let him sleep and get some rest you both can talk more later. Now that he is beginning to come around he should begin to get stronger and you both will have plenty of time to reminisce. But before you leave let me show you the cuts on your fathers chest and how well they are healing. After showing the Captain Sarges chest wound Major Sully said, would you mind stepping outside I need a few words with you.
Certainly Major," he uttered as they both walking out into hallway.
Captain, I wanted to tell you something and also to explain something. Sergeant Scarburg, your father was hurt pretty badly when the chopper brought him in. We had to put a big chuck of metal in his head and you saw the cuts on his chest are almost healed but Im afraid hell always have that big S scar that the Viet Cong carved on him.
Why? Why? Why a big S on his chest, why would they do that?
Fraid I dont know, Captain, looks like they tried to cut the design from Supermans costume  but the 2nd thing I wanted to mention was his nickname that the hospital staff have been using since hes been here. We meant no disrespect, but while youre here you might hear them use it and get upset  again we werent trying to make fun of his injury and we were in no way making light of his injury.
What is it that you are trying to tell me Major?
Captain we have been calling Sergeant Scarburg Big... Big... Big S!
Oh shoot Major, thats fine, you dont know my Pop, hell he will get a kick out of that!
Thanks thanks Captain! Ive been nervous about talking to you about it.
No, thank you Major for taking such good care of him, Ill be back tomorrow. Im staying in the BOQ (Bachelors Officers Quarters) just down the road. Ill definitely be back, bright and early, because I have something to give him, and he and I have some things we need to talk about! Lets go back into his room and I will say goodbye for now. 
Pop, Ill see you tomorrow and we will talk more. Right now get your rest... I love you.
With this he opened the door and stepped out onto the shiny brown tile of the hospitals hallway - leaving the room to Sarge and the Major.
Major," said Sarge. Maam where am I?
Sergeant, you are at the 75th Field Hospital at Pleiku. I am Chief Nurse Major Margaret OSullivan. My friends call me Sully and since I have seen every inch of your puny naked body and I have put up with you for as long as I have, I suppose we could be considered friends  permission granted for you to call me Sully as well Sergeant Scarburg.
You are at present in the Intensive Care ward and have been here for the past two months. When the Med-Evac chopper dropped you off, we didnt give you much of a chance to survive. Fortunately, you had one of the best neuro-surgeons in Vietnam assigned here at the time you needed a pros hand. Without him, I doubt if we would be talking today.
How bad Major, sorry... Sully?
Well, let me think - what wasnt wrong with you. When we first triaged you, I ran my hand down through your hair looking for cuts. As I passed your left ear, my fingers disappeared into a hole. Not just any ol hole, mind you, I mean  a hole!! Part of your head was missing! Sorry but that little piece of steel behind your ear is holding whats left of your brain in. You had burns all over your body. You had severe traumatic injuries consisting of cuts and lacerations riddled with tremendous amounts of shrapnel, dirt, rocks, sticks, pieces of wood and other debris, if there are any other kinds of debris left. Needless to say, the VC cut, bruised, burned or inflicted about as much injury to your body that you could stand.
Sarge let out a slight chuckle. Then it turned into a thunderous belly laugh. 
Sergeant! exclaimed Sully, What the hell is wrong with you?
It wasnt the VC  it was my own guys!! They nearly killed me! as he laughed again. It was Gerry Owen and his boys.
Big S who the hell is Gerry Owen?
Sorry Sully. Gerry Owen is a tune the 1st Cavalry plays during an attack. They have loudspeakers mounted below their helicopters and it is their signature battle song. They rescued me.
You mean this was friendly fire?
Hell no Major... sorry Sully, there wasnt anything friendly about it. But, thank God for it - it saved my life.
Well, I can tell you one thing  your friends didnt carve that S on your chest, did they? Its almost completely healed now but it left a pretty ugly scar, and Im sorry to tell you, we gave you a nickname because of that scar, and weve been using it since you arrived.
No, your right, I had another friend that did that  but what have you been calling me? What is the nickname? Come on tell me!
Promise, you wont get mad?
Nah, you can call me anything you want, except being late for chow or payday! What is it?
We call you Big Big
Go ahead, spit it out.
Big S... we call you Big S because of that S carved on your chest! Sorry we werent trying to be mean or anything, we didnt intend to hurt your feelings its.
Hey, thats great Its okay I like it Big S yeah that fits me Big S! You know, the guy who did that was trying to make me Superman  you know I believe he did. Yeah Big S, yall did good!

CHAPTER TWELVE

CAPTAIN AND SARGE TALK
The sun was beginning to slip up above the horizon in the eastern sky as Captain Robert Scarburg, Jr. donned his green beret, wiped it down, slipped on his raincoat, grabbed his leather briefcase and stepped out smartly in his spit-shined Corcoran jump boots. As he left the BOQ (Bachelor Officers Quarters) he pointing those mirror-finished footwear down the street toward his morning rendezvous with his Dad at the 75th.
The sun was definitely somewhere up above the heavy clouds on this damp, dreary, rain soaked morning; however, the constant monsoonal downpours never allowed one to actually view that fiery daylight producing orb. The monsoon was raining cats and dogs and Captain Scarburg only realized the suns presence by watching the bleakness of the night slowly being replaced by the dawning of the grey light on yet another miserable Vietnam day.
When visual signs failed he relied on the hands of his trusty ol wristwatch. He loved that timepiece - a paratrooper watch! It had the paratroopers silver wings embossed on its face, and best of all, it had been a gift - a wonderful present given to him by his mother upon graduation from BAC (Basic Airborne Course) at Ft. Benning, GA. He glanced down at his beautiful watch: 0630 -I did say bright and early,' he thought.
His walk was short, and wet. Swinging open the screen door leading into the hallway of the 75th the door spring made that same creaky-squeaky noise that he had heard a hundred times before by the screen door on his mothers back porch.
He stepped inside and removed his rain gear. He heard an unintelligible conversation coming from the nurses station. It stopped as the nurses turned to see who had entered the building. Sully was standing between a couple of other nurses and she immediately recognized Captain Scarburg.
He walked toward the group of nurses. Major OSullivan turned to meet him.
Morning, Major, another beautiful day in the Nam, he said with a big grin.
Roger that, Captain - for ducks. You think youre ready to have that sit-down with your ol man?
Do you think he is up to it?
Hes fine now, just needs to rest a little longer. His body is completely healed. He wont suffer any ill-effects, other than those terrible scars and that steel plate behind his ear  just keep him away from magnets!
When the Major and the Captain arrived at Sarges room he was sitting up in bed finishing his breakfast. Come on in Sully, Son, yall want some coffee? They left me a whole pot.
Thanks, I sure could use some battery acid (coffee) this morning. I had a pretty rough night, responded Robert Jr. As he finished speaking, Sully said if he would pull up a chair she would go down the hall and requisition another coffee cup.
So," said Sarge. What put the rough in your night? Run upon a lonesome nurse?
Nah, something I had to do after I saw you yesterday came the reply. The Photo Shoot mission was classified and you and I have had no communication about that assignment. I found out about your little sojourn across the border into Laos but I wasnt in the loop for updates. I did not know about your capture and injury until recently, I wish I had known about your situation when it happened but it was all hush hush stuff. Sighing the Captain said, I really am sorry the way things turned out on your last mission but Ive been read in on the details now.
Captain Scarburg looked away from his Dad toward the door  he could hear footsteps approaching their room. The door swung open and there with another coffee cup was Sully. Handing the cup to Junior she said, Enjoy."
Thanks, Major, he said pouring himself a cup of steaming hot coffee, his first that morning.

*  *  *  *  *

Where was I, oh yeah, most of your team survived the last attack and the de-brief explained what took place in the ambush, the march and the events at the cabin. We know about the Colonel and his Lieutenant, MSG Howard and SGT Hardin. Both Howard and Hardin were seriously injured. Fortunately they fully recovered. HQ has re-assigned both to other teams. My superiors have sent me to talk, or debrief you, if you prefer that word better, Robert said. 
Hold up, slow down, first thing you walk in here all dressed up in your fancy captains uniform, wearing my beret, got those silver jump wings pinned to your chest and the blue arrowhead Special Forces patch on your shoulder; except for those Captains bars youre me a few years ago, all spit and vinegar. 
Son, youve got a lot of explaining to do! How did you know all about my little romp in the woods and my friend the Colonel? And who wants me debriefed? Start talking, Son and I mean give me some straight answers, and now!
Youre right, you do need an explanation  Ill start at the beginning. You said yesterday you thought I was at Stanford, and I was, but Im getting ahead of myself. You know I graduated from the University of Alabama, just like you and Mom always wanted.
Yeah, I remember, your Mom sent me all the details. Im sorry I was on a mission in in... well lets just say I was unavoidable detained when you graduated.  Sure wish I could have been there tho' Mother and I have always been proud of you.
Thanks I know you both were and I wish you could have been there too, but I now understand better the term 'duty calls.' Now Ill go on - I majored in Electrical Engineering with double minors in Political Science and Linguistics  with a sub-specialty in Russian to be exact. At the time I reasoned a position with the diplomatic service in some exotic place like Russian would be an ideal job. At least I wouldnt be stuck in Alabama. Damn Pop, them ol hills of 'Bama would look pretty good about now, huh?
Sorry my mind wandered... after a few months, I found out the diplomatic corps wasnt exactly beating down the door looking for Russian interpreters. They had plenty of Russians seeking asylum that were conversant in English and already understood the Russian psyche better than I ever could.
I went back to the University and obtained a MS in Intelligence Studies; thinking that, with the Political Science, the Russian and the Intelligence background, the FBI or NSA (National Security Agency) would be a place for me to fit right into. Before I could submit an application I was approached by a spook from the CIA or NSA, never was sure which, trying to recruit me to work for them; however, they each had caveats - their proposal had strings attached. They needed a warm body specialized in Political Science; an American, skilled in Russian, possessed intelligence training and proficient in photographic radiography. Hell, I didnt even know what photographic radiography was. The caveat was I had to attend Stanford to get trained in the discipline of photographic interactions.
Robert... Son, I know this is important, but remember Im a sick man, at this rate I may not be alive by the time you get to the end of your story. How about skipping all the Ps and Qs and tell me what the hell you came here for.
Okay okay... heres the rest of it. Off I went to Stanford studying something called organic semiconductors and their use in electronic and photonic devices. I learned methods for fabricating these devices, relationship between chemical structure and molecular packing on properties such as band gap, charge carrier mobility and luminescence efficiency. Including Lasers, Biosensor, Photo detectors and Photovoltaic cells. After Stanford I was commissioned a Captain in the U.S. Army, sent to jump school and Ranger training at Ft. Benning, Q Course (Special Forces Qualification Course) at Ft. Bragg and then shipped over here. I am currently assigned as an S-2 (Intelligence) Officer with XVIII Corps (Airborne) thats it Pop, does any of this make sense to you?
Hell Son what part of skip the Ps and Qs did you not understand?
I havent understood anything you said from the part where you went to the University of Alabama. I understood that, Roll Tide!!

*  *  *  *  *

Pop, this is all about that Russian Colonel who was in the bush with you. You remember, the Scarface bastard, that played tic-tac-toe on your chest, dont you? Robert asked trying to see if Sarges brain was getting back up to speed. You see, I have been assigned as the Intel Officer in charge of finding out what that Russian was up to.
 "Up to... ! Up to... ! I'll tell you what that bastard was 'up to.' I'd say about six foot four normally but about seven foot four with that damn Ka-Bar knife.
Hell no, Ill never forget that Russian s.o.b. Im glad to hell hes dead... the only good Russian is a dead Russian, you remember that little lesson, Son.
Pop thats why Im here, hes hes not dead
Before Junior uttered another word Sarge yelled, Who the hell is not dead!! Youre not talking about that bastard Colonel are you?
I'm afraid so Pop, the Colonel is still alive  he wasnt in the ruins of the cabin in the jungle. The Lieutenant was there, dead all right, big bullet hole clean through the center of his chest. By the way, good shooting! And most of the NVA/VC were there too but, thankfully, they WERE dead too! They were all killed in the cavalry charge.
Sarge looked bewildered, uttered softly That cant be. I shot him, point blank, right in his friggin Russki chest! I know I got him, I saw him fall!!
 Maybe so, but the Colonel somehow escaped both you and the carnage that followed. We believe he is still in Cambodia. The Brass (Military Bosses) thinks he is so important we assigned him a code name  Thumper.
Son, from what you have said I can do nothing but believe you and I gather you and your guys are smart  but how on Gods green earth could you guys come up with Thumper, Sarge asked puzzled?
Actually Pop, it was simple. His name Nikita Ergorov  remember Nikita Khrushchev right, both are Nikitas Khrushchev pounded his shoe on the UN table back in 60. Pounder just didnt sound right, so we settled on Thumper, you know, it kind of pictures up a Walt Disney character but with an ugly scar and long ears. We thought it was cute but were only cute sometimes.

*  *  *  *  *

Now back to your Photo Shoot SOG mission  you probably are still wondering how you managed to walk dumb-assed into that ambush on that fateful morning, right? You didnt!! Well you did but heres one little piece of information that will make your day.
Remember Cam Louh  he was your backup on the trail that day. We found out he was a double agent. He was a Viet Cong pretending to be working for us, but in reality he was sending info back to them. He had your number from the very beginning of that OP (operation). The ambush was a set-up. Cam Louh was going to make sure it succeeded. We believe he may have had something to do with the escape of Thumper too. But thats enough for today Pop  you need your rest.
I had a feeling about that slant-eye out on the trail  I should have caught on to him nothing seemed right on that patrol, no wonder we got captured.

*  *  *  *  *

Ill come back tomorrow, we have just started, and we have a lot more work to do. Ill see you tomorrow. Robert said as he got up to leave. Oh shit, I almost forgot, he said reaching into his neatly pressed green Class-A U.S. Army jacket pocket. 
He slowly pulled out a couple of leather boxes, walked over to his dads bed. Opening the first box he took out the medal pinned it to Sarges pajama top, stepped back and executed a perfect formal hand salute and said, From a grateful nation, you are hereby awarded the Silver Star. Opening the second box, he said, And they are also grateful that you are still alive to get this Purple Heart. Kidding aside, Pop, you are an American hero  you know you have always been one to me. Congratulations!! 
The Army was planning an official presentation by the CG (Commanding General) of the 5th Special Forces but I convinced his staff to allow me to make the presentation." Grinning Captain Scarburg added, I know how much you like the Pomp and Ceremony.
Thanks Son, I appreciate that." Sarcastically he added, "Ill really miss seeing the General. You know Son I'd give up a box full of these shiny medals to get my men back that got killed... give my thanks to the general but tell him it was the men's accomplishment, not mine... Ill put these with the othersthanks again....
 You never did get around to telling me about that nurse last night. Come on; give the ol man some details. Was she one of the nurses from around here?

*  *  *  *  *

Nah, Pop, yesterday, after I saw what that Colonel did to your chest, I had a mission of my own to complete last night. After I left you I decided to do something Mom would think crazy. I dont know, you will too probably.
Well, dont keep me in suspense what did you do on your mission? Son, this just gets better and better youve really got my curiosity pumped up now. Come-on spill the beans, I want to hear all about it.
O.K., Pop, but this is not a telling thing its a showing thing.
Son, what in the hell are you talking about, Showin? Showin me what?
Robert Jr. removed his jacket, began slipping off his green government issue tie, next his government shirt and finally his government (well no he bought this item at the PX) tee shirt.  He carefully placed them on the end of the bed with his back toward his father. Once he had disrobed and was bare from the waist up he slowly turned to face his father.
Oh my goodness!! Sarge exclaimed.
There in the middle of Robert Scarburg, Jrs chest was a exact copy of the S on his Pops chest just smaller; however, this S had not been carved with a Ka-Bar knife, he had gotten it tattooed on his chest the night before. 
What do you think Pop? Now youll always be Big S and I can always be Little S

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

PRIVATE HOSPITAL CONVERSATION
Not many things could cause a tear to come to Sarges eye, but the sight of that S on his sons chest was more than he could handle. He could feel his eyes beginning to water up  he didnt want Robert to see him crying  so he slowly turned away and gently dabbed away the tears with the corner of his cool white sheet.
He turned back to his son and said, Had something get into my eye thinking that was not enough to say he further said, youd better hurry and get your shirt back on Sully will be back at any minute now.
Sarge never mentioned the tattoo nothing favorable or un-favorable, agreeable or disagreeable. It was as if his sons expose had never happened.
He was deeply touched by the sentiment of the tattoo but being the type of man he was he pretended it was no more important to him than the drag on a cigarette and watching the light blue smoke float out and dissipate into the air.
After Robert Jr. got dressed he walked to the door, quickly pulled it opened, stepped out onto those shiny floor tiles, and beckoned for Major OSullivan.
Sarge was observing all this through the open door in total amazement. What is going on, he thought.
The Major quickly came at the Captains request, thinking something, unforeseen, could have happened to Sergeant Scarburg. When she approached, Captain Scarburg spoke softly to her and handed her a small scrap of paper. Sarge could see something was written on it, later he would discover that it was a telephone number to the local M.P. (Military Police) Detachment.
In a matter of a few minutes, Sarge could hear, the footfalls of boots coming down the hall. Those aint nurses, he mused, those are combat boots! And not one pair but two!!

*  *  *  *  *

 Eagle ear Sarge was totally correct; it was two Military Policemen (easily identified by the big white and black M.P. band around their arms, and the big white M.P. painted on both steel helmets) that Captain Scarburg approached, talking softly he quickly began issuing orders to the two policemen. 
Upon completion of the Captains instructions, one MP obtained a small steel-folding chair and placed it next to Sarges door and deposited his big butt down solidly upon it - giving Sarge the distinct impression he was to remain until relieved.
Sarge could hear the other MPs G.I. boots retreating back down the hall toward the front door. Whats going on? he wondered.
Once the MP was stationed at the door, Little S re-entered the room and pulled his chair up close to the head of his Pops bed to insure the conversation remained confidential. He quietly began to talk, not to this man he knew as his Pop but now he was talking to the Special Operations Sergeant - MSG Robert Scarburg, Sr.
Taking out a PhonoTrix 88 miniature recorder from his briefcase and flipping the switch to 'on' Captain Scarburg said to his dad, There are things that we must now talk about. Our personal relationship must be put aside. We have to converse with the understanding you were the team leader of a Special Forces secret operation and I an Intelligence Officer charged with the duties of determining the facts of the OPS-35, Special Operations. I also have the force of Official Special Orders to establish a plan of action from here forward.
Changing his composure he answered, Certainly Captain, how can I be of service?
First, Sergeant let me officially offer the Armys sincere appreciation for a job well done. Second Im to officially inform you that your conduct, and the conduct of the personnel under your command was exemplary and are hereby awarded the Unit Commendation Award with Valor.
Thank you Captain, it is considerate of you to relay the Armys kind words of sentiment and I accept your words of appreciation and the Commendation in the name of my men that accompanied me on that mission and especially to the memory of those that failed to return.
You are welcome Sergeant  let me begin by stating for the record this conversation, or debrief, if you prefer, is going to concentrate on youre teams Photo Shoot mission and especially on Colonel Nikita Ergorov, known now by his code name  Thumper.
Sergeant Scarburg I am in possession of some Top Secret data that concerns Colonel Ergorov and your Photo Shoot mission. We, at higher command, understand that Photo Shoot was of no great strategic military importance. We are in no way attempting to underplay the importance of your teams mission nor the courage they demonstrated; however, Thumper put extreme emphasis on the mission, for some reason, and from the data we have recently uncovered we know it wasnt your specific mission goals that the Colonel found captivating, it was its name  Photo Shoot
Captain, strange you should say that! I couldnt put my finger on it either. While we were talking in the Colonels cabin in the wildwood, I kept wondering why he kept pushing and prodding, literally, me to tell him about Photo Shoot. I too knew our mission, although important in its own way, did not warrant the attention of a Russian Special Forces Colonels personal attention. Why, Captain, was it so important to him?
Sarge, do you remember him questioning you about P.H.O.T.O.," asked the Captain?
I sure do, but I couldnt make any connection! I had, and still have no idea what this P.H.O.T.O. thing was. It was as much a mystery to me then as it is a now, do YOU know? Sarge asked with his forehead wrinkled into a questioning frown.
Yes, I do!! Remember, I said earlier that we had recently uncovered some Top Secret information concerning Thumper and P.H.O.T.O. the Captain said, almost whispering, as he moved his chair even closer to Sarges bed. Are you ready for the details?
Hell yes! I wish someone would tell me why that Russian s.o.b. would use that Ka-Bar to carve on me as if I was a prime T-bone steak! Sarge answered as he raised himself upon one elbow and moved his head closer to the Captain so he couldn't miss a word he spoke.
Well here it is Captain Scarburg said peering directly into Master Sergeant Scarburgs eyes.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

PAC TOUL REVEALED
He began, It was a dark and stormy night 
"What... ? What are you....
He stopped, chuckled and said, Hell Pop I always wanted to use that line!  
Okay I know with that whittled out S on your chest that was not too funny sorry.
Heres the real story A few weeks ago a Russian intelligence gathering fishing trawler slipped into South Vietnams twelve-mile territorial jurisdiction. The South Vietnamese dispatched patrol boats, as did the U.S. 7th Fleet to encourage them to get the hell out of their waters. Our Fleet was especially interested in them because the trawler had recently been shadowing some of our ships with the intent of capturing military intelligence information. 
The trawler ignoring the patrol boat challenges; was fired upon and sunk. This all occurred in the Gulf of Tonkin just a little northeast of Da Nang. It was a large vessel and did not sink quickly. Our men had an opportunity to board her and retrieve a considerable amount of Classified, Secret and Top Secret documents that the Russians did not have time to destroy.

*  *  *  *  *

 In this goldmine of intelligence information we found some documents relating to P.H.O.T.O. At the time of your capture, you were probably the first American to ever hear its name. With the documents we found, we pieced together P.H.O.T.O., so now the American Intelligence community knows just a minuscule amount of what it is.
Without going into a lot of technical mumbo jumbo that you dont care about, it boils down to the fact that the Russians believe they know of a laboratory that the French began back in the 50s. Their research, in a nutshell, consisted of taking photos, turning them into some kind of digital dot and this picture can then be transmitted in some type of code over wire or it can be broadcast. Once sent and received, an exact copy of the picture or photo can be re-assembled. We suspect that it is a very advanced radiographic method, similar to our Teletype machines, but using some type of digital imagining, that can reproduce written words and photographs, exactly as sent and printed instantaneous. We have to get this technology before the Russians this is where you come in

*  *  *  *  *

We believe P.H.O.T.O. is located deep within Cambodia. At a place called Pac Toul.
Pac Toul... ! Pac Toul... ! I will never forget that name. He kept asking me over and over about that too damn Russian bastard!! Sarge exclaimed!
  Pop, eh, I mean Sergeant, listen we think maybe we have found this place, if it really exists at all, but we need to get there, get the equipment and get out. We believe this is a very important scientific breakthrough in photographic technology and General Westmoreland (Commander American forces in Vietnam) believes the reward will justify the risks.

*  *  *  *  *

HQ wants you to assembly another team - Operational Detachment - A Team (ODA-113), with the Code Name: Photo Search. You will be the team leader, put it together, and choose your own personnel. You are to infiltrate into Cambodia, find Pac Toul, retrieve the equipment with all supporting documentation, records and diagrams.  Once this has been accomplished your team will return hopefully. Pop, and I mean Pop, this is a highly dangerous mission, the chance for total success is slim, and the probability of a safe exit is highly doubtful.
If you see your mission cannot be successful in the acquisition of the equipment, then the equipment and all records pertaining to it that are found on site are to be totally destroyed. Our government does not want the possibility that this technology might fall into the Russian hands.
Looking directly into Sarges dark brown eyes he said, You do understand? We further believe Thumper was privy to this same information and it is highly possible that he too is looking for Pac Toul, and may be trying to get there before you.
Sergeant Robert Edward Scarburg, Sr., a.k.a. Big S understood perfectly.
He just wanted another chance at that big Russian Spatznas. This time without his hands being tied. Count me in! Sarge said, When do we jump off!
Funny you should say Jump Off. As a Special Forces Ops guy, Pop, you know we have launched a number of Special Forces Daniel Boone missions into Cambodia looking for VC hideouts and safe-havens, continued the son Robert.
Yeah I do, and I know we havent been too successful with most of them. Still Ive never heard mention of this Pac Toul place, replied Sergeant Scarburg.

*  *  *  *  *

To date we have not discovered an area known that could be identified as Pac Toul; however, we have pin-pointed an area up in the northern part of Cambodia, close to Thailands southern border that looks, on recon photos, to be an area of interest. This area is in the foothills of the Dangrek Mountains close to an un-named tributary of the Mekong River.
All right Captain hold your horses now were going back to speaking as father and son. Son youre talking about a frigging long walk from here to the Dangreks!! A lot longer than I want to walk or ride a copter into. Is this where this conversation is leading? You said earlier infiltrate into Cambodia, hell Son, Cambodia is a big piece of dirt to infiltrate.
Uh," said the Captain, trying not to look Sarge directly in the eye this time. Remember when you said Jump Off, well jump off we will. We are going to jump into that area. As you know the Huey has only a range of app. 510 klicks (app. 300 miles) and we are talking way beyond that, plus I heard you say you didnt want to walk nor ride a slick (helicopter) that far!
Damn this just gets better and better, Sarge said sarcastically. By Jump I assume you mean JUMP as in parachute jump?
Roger on the meaning of Jump.
What are we going to use, big Herc (Hercules C-130 4-engine turbo-pro troop transport)?
Cant go that route, too big, too noisy. Weve got to go in lower, slower and quieter. Were thinking about using the C-7A Bou (Air Force 2-engined Caribou troop transport). Small enough, but big enough to get us there and without a lot of noise, what you think Pop?
Ill tell you what I think SON I think what in the hell do you keep using the word we for. You think I got a rat in my pocket? Sarge said staring at his son.

*  *  *  *  *

 I think, this debrief has turned into a tte--tte with a father and son. Thats fine but no rat. the we in we is you and me!! Ill be coming along too, but before you start complaining - the team will be yours. Im going to be your Intelligence guy with my specialized knowledge in the radiographic area. Thats why the Brass (his bosses) picked, before the Captain could finish his thought, there was a loud.. thud... thud... thud... pounding noise on Sarges door.
Captain Scarburg arose from his chair and walked over and opened the door. There standing at stiff attention was the M.P. Corporal that he left on guard duty at the door. Yes, Corporal, Scarburg annoyingly said, What is it? 
Sorry Sir, spoke the Corporal in a slow southern drawl.
What do you want? Were busy here," said Scarburg.
Well Sir, there wuz this huge nurse who come down here and told me that she wuz going into this room and see her patient. I told her she wuznt, and she said if I didnt let her in she wuz goin to whup my ass!! Sir, I believe her, she CAN whup my ass, and Sir, Im afraid Im goin to have to shoot her, Sir!! What do I do?
Stand At Ease Corporal. Where is that nurse right now?
She went back down the hall, but she said shed be right back!
When she returns, knock on the door three times and then let her enter, spoke the Captain as he shut the door and returned to his chair. He picked right back up where he left offas I was saying, my expertise in radiographic science is the reason the guys upstairs picked me for this mission.
As an ol Special Forces guy, Pop you know the drill for any ODA (Operational Detachment A) Team:  first comes the Warning Order - its just the first notification that an OPS mission is planned. Im giving you that now. This just gets the ball rolling.
Then a Training Plan is needed to get everyone ship-shape for the mission. 
Next The Mission Letter that tells us what were to do on the mission - finally the team receives its Operational Orders, by then its too late to do any training.
As the team Sergeant you will have to get us everything you think we will need to complete your mission. Items such as weapons, ammo, food, demolitions such as C4, detonation cords and blasting caps or any other items you think you need and we will be able to hump (carry). Additionally, you will have to coordinate with the parachute-loft to insure the parachutes are packed, inspected and ready.
I will begin scheduling all the events while you work your butt off getting the rest together. You know Pop in Special Forces we have learned to execute well-conceived OPS; we can do great things if we get our heads together and concentrate on accomplishing the mission.
 No sooner had he uttered the word mission the Captain heard the three signal knocks on the door of Sarges room. Enter," he called out. The door quickly flew open and in marched Sully with a tray full of medicine in tiny cups awaiting the ingestion by Sergeant Scarburg.
I dont care if the President himself is in here Big S', its time for your medicine, and Im going to see that you take it! barked the big red-headed chief nurse, Major OSullivan, in all her nursing drill sergeant splendor.
After she had given the little cup of pills to Sarge, she ordered him to open up his mouth and diligently checked to make sure that he swallowed each and every one, she, followed by the M.P. Corporal, turned and started out the door.
Under his breath, faintly could be hear the Corporal grumbling, Gosh durn, I believe shooting her would have been worth it!
One more thing Major, when do you and the doctors think Sergeant Scarburg will be well enough to leave? asked the Captain.
Captain, the doctor's last entry on Sergeant Scarburg's chart stated, with satisfactory progress, he could be released back to duty within two weeks. Is there anything else you need?
No, thank you Major, not knowing whether a hand salute was proper or not he extended his hand, I I personally appreciate the progress report and the Commanding General 5th Special Forces Group appreciates the excellent care and quality service you and your staff have provided to my Father, oh, sorry MSG Robert Scarburg. I have also been instructed to inform you and your staff have been recommended for commendation, again, thank you.
With the handshake, Major Sully left the room and returned to her other nursing duties

*  *  *  *  *

Pop you are being re-assigned to FOB (Forward Operating Base) 5, which is a klick or two south of Kontum, but most of your planning and training will occur at the Ranger Camp Polei Kleng, about 20 klicks west of Kontum. Kontum has a good East West airstrip that we can use for the Caribou's take-off when we push off.
With those instructions, Captain Scarburg handed Sergeant Scarburg a large manila envelope, marked Top Secret. Here are your Official Orders and a more complete set of details, see you in a couple of weeks, Pop.
Oh, one other thing Pop  when they dug you out of the cabin in the wildwood you were clutching a Russian Tokarev pistol in your hand.
Yeah, that belonged to the Russian Colonel, Thumper as you called him.
You had such a death grip on it the Medivac medics could not pry it from your hand. They removed it when you got here to the 75th and it was placed with your personal effects. Didnt want you to be surprised when you check out and find it in your Personal Effects bag. If anyone deserve a war trophy I believe this pistol belongs to you now.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

ODA-113 PHOTO SHOOT MEMBERS IDENTIFIED
Monday October 23 1967
After being re-assigned to Camp Pole Cat and the life or death Viet Cong attack on their compound last month Sarge was now forcing his mind to concentrate on his upcoming mission and let Spec 4 Davis fade into the deeper recesses of his memory. 
MSG Robert Scarburg had known many Davis and he also knew he would probably know more. He just knew there was no time for sentiment in this mans Army. It was time to get his shit together and take care of the mission at hand  ODA-113 Photo Shoot.
The training had been completed; the supplies were drawn and issued, all the team members had been briefed down to the last detail.
The team was almost complete:  they had a team leader, Master Sergeant Robert E. Scarburg, Sr.; a team Intelligence Officer, Captain Robert E. Scarburg, Jr.
Sergeant First Class Thomas Bonnie Clyde was a tall raw-boned blonde from East St. Louis. Mean enough and tough enough to like the nickname and make anyone who made fun of it regret that decision, was the Demo (demolition) man.
Sergeant First Class Jim Bo (almost his real name) 'Tex' De Luca, one would think from Texas, right? Wrong! New York City. A quick-tempered, handsome dark-skinned lad of Italian ancestory with a headful of black wavy hair. His real name was James Boccardi De Luca. At first, the men thought he was Mexican and christened him 'Tex" handled Como (communications). 
Sergeant First Class Thaddeus Teach Collins with his sandy red hair and freckled face didn't look old enough for the Army, much less Special Forces, was the Weapons guy. When not working on one of their weapons he had his head buried in a copy of The Development of Western Civilization, The Rise and Fall of the Roman Empire or some other pinhead book. Sarge knew he wanted to return to school and become a history teacher when he got back in the world.
They had one medic Sergeant First Class Charles Doc Mayo Hellmans, a serious down-to-earth guy with medical school on his mind after this war, and another un-named medical Sergeant who was supposed to arrive from Kontum on the next re-supply Huey.
In addition to these SF personnel, Sarge included 5 ARVN Ranger Scouts. No one could pronounce their names so the men just referred to them as Number 1, 2, 3, 4 or Number 5. Now the team, once the junior medic arrived, would consist of 12 members.

*  *  *  *  *

No more had this thought gotten out of Sergeant Scarburgs head, when a Huey came flying in like a bat-out-of-hell and unloaded the last remaining member of the team  one Staff Sergeant Billy James, Medical Specialist.
In addition to the new medical sergeant another person emerged from the dust the helicopter was kicking up. He had the look of an Asian but something about his demeanor said he wasnt what he seemed. He was dressed in tiger stripped camouflage fatigues, boots, hatless and carried no weapon or side arm. He had a green canvas Army duffel bag slung over one shoulder.
 Who is this idiot? Sarge thought as the Huey lifted back into the air taking with it that unmistakable Whomp, Whomp, Whomp sound that faded as the copter flew over the compound and out of sight.
Sarge still holding onto his beret as the debris and wind died down from the Hueys departure ran out to meet the two men that had just arrived. Im MSG Scarburg, he said to the Staff Sergeant. Are you my replacement medic?
Roger that, the sergeant replied, sticking out his hand, Staff Sergeant Billy James reporting as ordered Sergeant.
Welcome aboard, Sergeant James good thing your folks liked Billy and not Jesse! Sarge said trying to break the ice and make the new arrival feel welcomed.
Sorry to disappoint you Sergeant Scarburg but Jesse would be my brother! and they both laughed.
Sarge then turned to the other person who had been standing, patiently listening to the two soldiers exchange salutations. Extending his hand to the stranger Sarge said, Hello, Im Master Sergeant Scarburg, could I direct you to someone?

*  *  *  *  *

The stranger motioned Sergeant Scarburg aside so they could converse privately.  Sergeant, the stranger began, let me introduce myself: I am Dr. Spurgeon Loo Kim.
"Medical doctor?"
"Sorry, no PhD.
I am an Intelligence Analysis with the CIA. I am not Asian - I am an American. I just want to clear the air before we begin.
My father, also a CIA Operations Officer, is an American of Asian descent and married my mother, who is Chinese, while stationed in Thailand. In fact I was born in that country. I speak English, Chinese, French, Russian, and both the Southern and Northern dialects of the Khmer language of the Cambodians, Thai and Vietnamese; however, I have not been assigned to your team as an interpreter; but, if we find this place to which we seek, there could be papers that could be written in any language. I can, and will, be available to assist Captain Scarburg, if needed.
MY team! Sergeant Scarburg said excitedly. You are going to be on MY team! Over my dead body you will! No FNG (F**king New Guy), especially a civilian is coming with me!
Before Sarge could continue with his tirade Dr. Kim extracted a brown folder from inside his shirt he said, Here are my orders, and yours, Sergeant Scarburg. I suggest you might want to read them! They will explain that I AM INDEED coming as a member of your team.
I have two doctorate degrees, Sergeant, and I specialize in Radiological Intelligence to include Code Interpretation. Our guys think this Pac Toul place may be sending coded radio messages into. well we do not quite know the answer to that and why we not have that one figured out yet either. Thats why Im coming  to find out, along with you.
Bewildered, Sarge said without actually speaking to anyone, Pick up your gear, Ill go get you both settled in and introduce you to the rest of YOUR team!

*  *  *  *  *

Sarge called for a team meeting at 1600 hours. At 4 pm everyone reported as present or accounted for. He introduced the new medic Sergeant Billy James  who they immediately dubbed Jesse.
'Jesse' argued, to no avail, that Jesse was his brother! Laughing, the rest of the team said, Yeah, yeah, thats what anyone named James always say Thats my brother, your Jesse and thats final!
Sarge next presented Spurgeon Loo Kim to his team. He explained HQs purpose in assigning Dr. Kims as the new team member and asked them, to please, assist Dr. Kim in any and all ways possible.
They immediately stuck him with the name Spook.
One would think because he was CIA. Wrong again, SP from Spurgeon, OO from Loo and K from Kim.  S.P.O.O.K. makes perfect sense, huh? 
To complete his teams briefing Sarge had one more item to discuss:  the parachute jump.
As the Captain had earlier explained to Sergeant Scarburg the C-7A (Caribou) would be the transport aircraft that would deliver the team to the DZ (drop zone) in Cambodia; however, he still had two problems: 
1) Jump qualified personnel are required to undergo refresher training every six months (none of Sarge's men had)
 2) Sarge believed none of his team had ever jumped from a Caribou (they hadnt).
He reasoned it prudent to, at least, instruct them on what jump procedures should be used before they got into the air. 
First the only jump re-training Sarge could do was have the men do some PLFs (Parachute Landing Falls), and go over some of the emergency moves, if needed; however, at the altitude they would be jumping, 600, 'the emergency move' is saying The Lord's Prayer' in record time, nothing else will be necessary. In fact, contrary to all SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures) instructions, Sarge had the parachute riggers leave off the reserve parachute. It was just useless added weight!    
Sarge told them, Men you will begin your holiday excursion into Cambodia by jumping from a perfectly good airplane: The Air Force C-7A or as the Army refers to it the 'Caribou'.
He explained about it being a high-wing transport aircraft powered by two piston driven engines. A total of 24 parachutists may be dropped using the doors or ramp. But gentlemen, instructed the Sarge, we, obviously, are only 13, and we will use the rear ramp.
We will number off as we enter the aircraft. Six of you will be seated on the starboard side, for you that dont remember thats the right side, in one 6-parachutist stick. The other seven will make up the other stick and will sit on the port or left side. Odd numbered personnel will be seated on the starboard side, even-numbered will be seated on the port side.
The anchor line cable for ramp jumps runs from the anchor line attachment plate on the forward bulkhead to the anchor line connector near the right side of the aft starboard door.
Men I will be the Jump Master and Captain Scarburg will jump first. As Intel Officer I want him on the ground first. I'll be last and will follow you all off the ramp. The Jump Commands will be as follows:
1.  GET READY
2.  PORT SIDE Personnel STAND UP.
3.  STARBOARD SIDE Personnel, STAND UP.
4.  HOOKUP  Even numbered jumpers hookup between odd-numbered jumpers to form a continuous stick of jumpers. 
5.  CHECK STATIC LINES.
6.  CHECK EQUIPMENT.
7.  SOUND OFF FOR EQUIPMENT CHECK.
8.  STAND BY  Number 1 jumper, upon receiving the command STAND BY, assume a standing position near the starboard side of the ramp hinge. The number 2 jumper stand on the port side of the aircraft to the right of jumper number 1 you remaining personnel close up the interval behind.
9.  GO  Number 1 jumper, walk off the port, remember, left rear corner of the ramp. The remaining jumpers you will follow at 1 second intervals.
And, oh yeah, reminded Sarge, one safety note: All jumpers remain OFF the ramp while it is being lowered. And guys, let me warn you, walk down the ramp with feet spread wide to prevent striking the side of the aircraft.
At the beginning of the parachute briefing Sarge thought he only had two problems:
1) No refresher training by the paratroopers and
2) None had jumped a Caribou before.
Was he ever wrong!!!!!

*  *  *  *  *

Spook spoke up. Sergeant Scarburg, I have a slight problem!
What... ? Was there something that you did not understand, Dr. Kim?
Oh no, I understood everything perfectly  I know when you are going, I know how you are going, my problem is I dont know how IM going!!
Sarge answered, Going... ? Going... ? Well Dr. Kim you will be GOING with us out the tail end of that Caribou airplane! Were all going to hit the silk together!
Sergeant - that IS the problem I have never hit the silk. I have never jumped from an airplane, said Dr. Kim.
What! You are not jump qualified? What in the hell are they doing sending YOU? 
Kim said, My bosses told me to never underestimate the value of OJT (on-the-job-training).
Sarge stood there in shock. Then his brain started working again and he said, What the hell, your chute will open or it wont and youll either live or youll die when you hit the ground, and die is top on the list. Youre only going to get one try anyway and Dr. Kim I'll repeat... what the hell, welcome aboard! Damn he makes 13!! I hate the number 13, its bad luck; something bad always happens when I have 13, though Sarge.
Yes, thank you Sergeant, Spook nervously replied.
Dr. Kim, Special Forces give guarantees with their parachutes so if yours doesnt open just bring it back and theyll re-issue you another one! Everyone laughed and snickered as they looked at Spook. He managed a slight grin.
Dr. Kim once you step off the ramp begin counting One Thousand Two Thousand Three Thousand Four Thousand at the count of four thousand, Dr. Kim, you should feel the opening shock of the parachute.
What am I supposed to do if I dont feel the shock?
I was just getting to that, Dr. Kim, Sarge said. If you dont feel anything at four thousand bend over stick your head between your legs
Yeah, yeah what do I do then? Spook asked anxiously.
Kiss your ass goodbye!
He couldnt have gotten the men laughing any harder if he had been a guest on Johnny Carson's The Tonight Show. He would have brought the house down!
Sarge said to Dr. Kim, Seriously, dont worry, well get you all harnessed up, when you get on the plane we will hook up your static line to the anchor cable and make certain it is locked and secure. All you have to do is watch the other guys and do what they do  basically you will walk to the rear of the Caribou, the ramp will be down, and you just follow the person in front of you and walk off the end of the ramp.
Everything from there on is automatic, if everything works okay. Even if it dont you wont have enough time to worry about it. Dont worry, youll do okay, Ill put you behind Captain Scarburg, hell take care of you.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

OPS-113 PHOTO SEARCH TAKES OFF
Friday 20 October 1967
Polei Kleng Ranger Base Camp
The late afternoon sun was beginning to slowly sink behind the trees toward the west. The effects of the daylight dimming was the only proof that the shining beacon that lets us distinguish night from day was, in fact, taking away the day and bringing on the night. The reason for this anomaly was nothing but a typical October day in the Nam weather forecast as usual heavy rain with heavy overcast.
The team had been transported from their base at Polei Kleng to the airfield at Kontum. All the men counted off and boarded the C-7A Caribou that had been sitting on the tarmac with both its huge Pratt & Whitney, 3 blade, 1450 hp, 14 cylinder radial engines idling at a loping 650 rpms warming up while awaiting the teams arrival.
There was very little conversation between the men the tension was thick... so thick you could have cut it with a knife this was real they knew this was no training exercise!
The men boarded the aircraft, pulled down their web seats  they started piling their equipment on the floor and settled in to make themselves as comfortable as possible for the next few hours.
Based upon the approximate 120-knot cruising speed of the Caribou, they would be in the air for almost four hours.
A couple of the men, with nerves of steel, unbuckled their chin straps, pulled off their M1C steel pot jump helmets and put their heads back and tried to catch a few zzzs. A few others tried to make small talk, hoping to appear less nervous to the others. The rest sat bent over and stared at the steel pallet rollers in the metal floor of this Air Force cargo plane.
Maybe some were praying, thinking of home or going over their duties once they were on the ground; whatever the purpose or reason each man endured the flight in his own personal way.
For sure, Dr. Kim prayed too, hard and fast - he had said every prayer that he had ever learned, and was at the point of making some up as he flew closer and closer to that inevitable time that he had to make the jump

*  *  *  *  *

Twenty minutes before reaching the subject of Dr. Kim's prayer with his God - the drop zone - Sergeant Scarburg, unbuckled his seat belt, stood up and walked to the rear of the aircraft. He raised his arms and used them to motion the command to Get Ready; next he motioned the command Port Side Personnel Stand Up." Those men on the left side stood up, secured their seats and faced the ramp in the rear. Sergeant Scarburg then signaled the command Starboard Side Personnel Stand Up; they followed the lead of the troopers opposite them. The command Hookup was given and each even numbered jumpers hookup was between the odd-numbered jumpers to form a continuous stick of jumpers. Then the Check Static Lines, Check Equipment and Sound Off for Equipment Check commands were given.
The ramp lowered and they all awaited the pilots "Go" signal. He will switch on the green idiot light next to the ramp.
As they waited the men broke into the The Men with the Green Berets. Singing at the top of their lungs to overcome the rumbling reverberation of the Caribou engines and the roar of the wind whistling past the opening in the planes rear:
Warrior soldiers who jump from planes
Others say they feel no pain
Some will cross as some do pray
But they earned the Green Beret
Silver chutes sewn on their breast
These warrior men who never rest
Many men will jump today
And everyone with a Green Beret

The singing had not finished as the green light Go signal flashed on. Sarge slapped the first mans shoulder, Captain Scarburg, and yelled, GO.
Next was Spook, with eyes tightly shut, sweating profusely and praying now out loud ... "Our Father which art in heavennnnnnnnn......" stumbled off the end of the rear exit ramp as the rest of the men shuffled toward the rear ramp and singularly in an orderly fashion followed him out into the blackness of the Cambodian night.
Sarge was correct when he told Dr. Kim about the opening shock. At Ft. Benning, while in training, soon to be paratroopers are taught to start counting when they exit the plane. If they finish the 6000 count and feel the opening shock they should look up, check the canopy for malfunctions or damage and then gain control of the parachute. If the parachutist feels no opening shock, he is to begin emergency procedures.
This is all well and good jumping in a training exercise, in daylight and under favorable conditions. Tonight its pitch dark. Its either currently raining or has been raining. The sky is overcast, and you cant even see your parachute canopy if you looked up. Hell its so dark you cant see your hand in front of your face! At 600 feet, you dont have time to worry about it anyway you have no idea what you are landing in trees, water, rocks, hell who know what.
As Dr. Kim literally fell out into the nothingness of space his mind went blank  he couldnt remember the rest of The Lord's Prayer, hell he couldn't even remember his own name, must less begin counting one thousand Thump, the parachute opened, jerked him from his falling speed of 120 mph to almost 0. He felt as if the straps around his private parts had just severed those important appendages from his body. He knew now why Sarge had told him to make sure those leg straps were tight. Really, really tight.
As earlier stated the Caribou approached the area designated as the LZ (Landing Zone)) Captain Scarburg jumped first, following by the rest of the team with Sergeant Scarburg bringing up the rear. All exited the aircraft perfectly. Seemingly no malfunctioning chutes and everyone landed within close proximity to each other.
At least that is what was at first thought.

*  *  *  *  *

At first the only causality was thought to be a slightly twisted ankle by SFC Jim Bo 'Tex' De Luca. He indicated the ankle was fine, just sore. They all retrieved and hid their chutes and then assembled themselves together at the pre-determined staging area. 
Once everyone had circled around Sarge, he whispered, "Ill begin the count off, and they began: One; Captain: Two; Spook: Three; Tex: Four; Teach: Five; Doc Mayo: Six; Bonnie: Seven; Ranger Scout 1: Eight; Ranger Scout 2: Nine; Ranger Scout 3: Ten; Ranger Scout 4: Eleven; Ranger Scout 5: Twelve. 
Sarge whispered, Thirteen? No one answered to the number Thirteen. "Where is Thirteen? Who is missing?  
A quick look around the camouflaged faces in the circle indicated to Sarge and the others that the missing man was the last man to arrive at Polei Kleng, Staff Sergeant William James, the Junior Medical Specialist, a.k.a. Jesse
Hushed questions went around the circle, who saw him last? Did anyone see him on ground? Did he exit the aircraft okay? Back and forth the circle asked themselves questions but no answers were quickly forthcoming: He was in front of me in the stick I saw him step off the ramp It was too dark I never saw him in the air I didnt see him on the ground around and around unanswered questions were hotly pursued but Sarge already knew the answer.
Sergeant Billy James was somewhere out in that huge expanse of unknown landscape, probably dead, if not, then possibly badly injured. In either case Sarge had no alternative, they had no time to possibly go out looking for him. Sarge had only one thing on his mind: The Mission and...
Sarge thought, now were down to Twelve!

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

SEARCH FOR PAC TOUL BEGINS
Sergeant Scarburg instructed the men to prepare to move out as he stood upright and surveyed the landscape. everything was dripping wet from the recent monsoonal downpours, but the air was cool and sweet to the smell. He, sniffing, caught the faint aroma of something that reminded him of the pine forests back in Alabama. This area of Cambodia was well known for its logging operations so maybe it was the smell of tree sap from a recently felled tree. The variety he did not know, but it sure smelled good to his nose, and he yearned again to relive those warm memories from times so long ago.
After this brief repose, they all assembled around Sarge without a word being spoken. The 2-engines of the Caribou's Pratt & Whitneys were just a faint hum off in the far distance. Even if it had been right overhead the dark stormy gray clouds above would have obscured it from view.
By the barely audible sounds of its engines Sarge could tell it was many miles away and there was no indication that their flyover and parachute drop had been discovered.
He pointed to his palm of one hand with the forefinger of the other and made an up and down motion. One of the scouts immediately understood the hand signal: Sarge wanted to read the map. After the Scout unfolding the map on the ground the men covered Sarge, Spook, the Scout and Captain Scarburg with one of their green rubber covered Army issue rain ponchos.
Sarge used his blue filter lens on his flashlight not wanting to take any chance of the light being seen by some nosy un-friendly neighbors. Its dim blue glow did not provide much light but it was sufficient to read their map as the four of them knelt in the wet Cambodian mud. Most protocols called for the use of the red lens on the flashlight since red was supposed to preserve night vision, but Sarge knew 'red' was easily detectable by night vision equipment such as the Starlight scope. Correct, the Starlight is U.S. but the enemy has equivocal night sensing devices.
After surveying the map and obtaining their compass readings the four of them came to the same consensus:  they had landed about two klicks (1.2 miles) northeast of the satellite photos possible location of this secret place called Pac Toul.
Sarge switched off the 'L' shaped Army flashlight removed the poncho and very quietly whispered, Look guys according to the map Pac Toul is only two klicks to our southwest. The terrain is in the foothills of the Dangrek Mountain range, it will be a heavily tree studded forest but quite passable. Our objective is a small clearing on the western bank of an un-named tributary of the Mekong River. We should be there long before daybreak.
And men from now on we have no rank  you have no identification of rank on your uniforms, nothing in your pockets of a personal nature, we carry nothing but our dog tags to identify us if captured or Sarge did not have to finish the sentence; they knew if KIA (killed in action) the dog tag was the only way to identify their bodies. Most SF men on missions would put an extra dog tag behind the laces of their combat boots. Grisly, sure, but sometimes a foot is all that is found, and the guys wanted someone to be able to identify the remains, if only by one severed foot.
One thing I want you all to do for Captain Scarburg and myself refer to the Captain as Little 'S' and call me Big 'S'. How little did the men in that small group of American warriors understand how important this disclosure was to Big S'.
In the past couple of months they had not only become his friends, his buds, his pals, they were now his closest friends. Friends that could possibly soon be holding his life in their hands and he likewise could be doing the same with theirs. Sarge knew that some of them would be lifelong friends because it was highly possible their lives were not going to be very long; theirs, perhaps, were going to be cut short.
Statistically, the nature and danger of their mission stacked the odds against them all returning safely.
Sarge had his gut feeling: their time on this side of Eternity was now being measured in a matter of days, if not hours, and they would not be making the return trip back to Kontum. Some of these guys had ridden their last plane and made their last parachute jump.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

THE SOUTHWESTERN TRAIL
That cool, sweet Alabama pine scent was still strong on the southwestern breeze as Big S quietly gave the command to, Lock and Load, Move Out!!
Big S surveyed the direction of travel. They would be moving directly into the southwestern wind. This was good. He quickly spotted an animal trail leading in the right direction, toward the southwest. This way Big S said whispering and motioning the team forward with his arm and hand.
He was glad that the wind was blowing toward them. Being down wind does not afford the enemy a chance to smell them as they approached. Sarge knew that enemy combatants ate a diet of rice, grain cereals, potatoes and an occasional turnip. Captured VC prisoners had stated they could actually smell Americans as our troops moved through the jungle. During the past month Sarges OPS 113 Photo Search team had been eating those very same VC type rations, and only those foods!
By eating those foods, the idea was to cleanse their bodies of the American food and thereby eliminating that peculiar American odor. They were trying to cover all the bases.

*  *  *  *  *

The team swiftly but carefully moved down the trail uneventfully until they approached a large rain-swollen stream so rain gorged it probably should now be classified as a small river.
Stream or river it was blocking their path and had to be conquered and crossed.
Big S held up his clenched fist, head level, indicating the team should Freeze. Then he drew his hand palm down across his neck in a throat cutting motion  Danger Area. Big S then extended his arm at a 45 degree angle and motioned up and down  Take Cover," while he and Little S surveyed the near side of the rivers bank.
The first human signs that Little S and Big S spotted were footprints in the mud along the swollen rivers bank! They were not alone, someone was here, and had gotten here before them!!
Was it that Russian pig? thought Sarge. Little S instructed the men to take out the x-large pair of socks each one had brought, just for this occasion. The team slipped the socks over their combat boots and gently stepped from the rivers bank into the waist deep monsoon swollen waters.
At first the water was cold, emanating from the upper reaches of the Dangrek Mountains, but after a step or two, the water actually felt good to them. They had not realized how tension and fear could get the skin so hot and sweaty; however, the cool fast flowing water brought a soothing relief that was both unexpected but gratifying. The socks were to disguise their boot imprints, going into and out of the water. This subterfuge should afford them a better chance of not being discovered if an enemy patrol happened along after they passed the stream.

*  *  *  *  *

Just as the water crossing appeared to be going smoothly one of the ARVN scouts was struck by a large piece of driftwood that had come swiftly floating down the flooded river, knocking him from his footing. The weight of his heavy load immediately pulled him under the fast flowing turbulent waters. The man to his front and the one behind tried, as best they could, to grab him before he went under the water, but it was to no avail, they were unsuccessful.
He was gone!
The teams arrival on the far side was somber but the scout's drowning changed nothing... the mission must go on. As professional soldiers they had to put this incident behind them - they quietly stepped upon the muddy rivers bank, walked a few feet onto the grass and removed their sleuth socks. Clearing his throat, Big S whispered, Keep your eyes peeled! Were not alone out here! They continued down the trail toward the encampment, Pac Toul that they were seeking and
Sarge thought, now were down to Eleven!

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

ODORIFEROUS ENCOUNTER
From the footprints at the stream, the team expected an ambush or at the very least a few rounds of artillery fire, so far nothing. No enemy combatants were encountered along the narrow trail; the only activity was the mens occasional outbursts, under their breath, of cussing, as they kept slipping and sliding in the sticky Cambodian mud. Each and every team member had the same thought - where were the people, friend or foe that made the tracks?
No sooner had these thoughts faded than Bonnie caught a faint scent of something. He sniffed againwrinkled up his noseand being fourth in line - behind Big S, Little S and Spook - said in a whisper to Little S', (over Spooks shoulder), LT, sorry...! Little S do you smell that odor? Little S relayed the same question to Big S. Immediately Big S held up his arm signifying Freeze." He motioned them down to take a knee position. The men knelt on the muddy trail watching, Big S holding his head back and sniffing sniffing and sniffing again. Damn, he thought, what is that smell? Whispering to Little S, what is that gut reeking stench?
Dont know, but it sure has a foul aroma! Reckon it could be the bodies that might have made those river tracks?
"Nah, that's not dead bodies, smelled them suckers too many times," Sarge said.
Little S turned back to Bonnie and gave him the ol shoulder shrug sign.
The whole team began sniffing, some turned and sniffed toward the north; another in a southerly direction and the rest split sniffing toward the east and west. Each had their noses in the air, trying to sniff out, not only what the odor could be, but from what direction it emanated.
Suddenly, in a wooded spot of ground off to the left of their muddy trail, the sound of rustling leaves and the breaking of twigs could be heard. All safeties on the rifles were immediately switched to the Off position and the weapons pulled to their shoulders and pointed toward the source of the noise  the wooded area.
At this time one of the Vietnamese scouts spoke up, loud, not softly and said: Di An Cut!! Di An Cut!!
Big S said also in a normal voice (if anyone had been close at hand their team would have how been compromised anyway), What the hell is he saying? No one answered.
Again the Scout spoke using these words this time: Di An Bo Cut!  Di An Bo Cut!
Another Scout translated, He say, Go Eat Cow Shit!! Go Eat Cow Shit!
Big S looking at the Scout rather annoyingly, That CANT be right!
Little S, also a Linguistics expert who spoke Vietnamese, spoke up, Listen! Listen! What hes saying IS literally Go Eat Cow Shit. I dont believe that is what he means
Well I hope the hell not! said Big S, MR. LINGUIST'S EXPERT would you care to enlighten us?
Certainly, I believe he is trying to say, It IS cow shit! That is cow shit we are smelling! retorted Captain Scarburg the LINGUISTIC EXPERT. Spook nodded his head in agreement.
Spook said, The Captain is correct, Scout is saying, Eat Cow Shit, but he is trying to say, SMELL Cow Shit! the meaning loses something in translation!
Ill say! Sarge said shaken his head.
With this piece of information, Big S moved his men across the grass toward the trees. As they got closer, what they saw shocked them all!!
Those werent cows, hell Big S thought, as big as they were he didnt even know if they were even in the cattle family; however, they were in the cattle family all right, they were Oxen. To be precise  they were Kouprey, the wild Ox of Cambodias northern forests.
Those beasts normally weigh between 2000 to 6000 lbs. and had horns so huge a redneck Texan would be proud to have them mounted on the hood of his Cadillac. Big S could tell by their huge size that the Di An Cu was an apt description of the source of that pungent (yep, hes right Cow Shit) smell. He had seen cow pies in his day, but had never before seen such huge cow PILES. He thought to himself, I wonder how much shit a two ton cow can shit in one day? By the looks of the present evidence, a bunch!
Little S along with the rest of his team, especially Tex, who had already slipped his razor sharp M-16 bayonet knife from it's sheath, was about to make steaks out of one of those suckers, right then and there.
Big 'S' called a quick halt to the proposed BBQ with the simple words. "Duty calls," and pointed back toward the trail. So, Adios Mr. T-bone, another time another steak perhaps

CHAPTER NINETEEN

THE CAVE
They were beginning to trek back across the wet thick grassy area to resume their march on the muddy animal trail when out of nowhere a series of crashing peals of thunder shook the ground. Lightning so fierce and constant it turned the blackness of the night into day, and then the rain  rain being driven horizontally by the sheer force of almost hurricane speed winds.
Sarge, fearing for his mens safety, reasoned they had to seek some type of protective shelter, lest a lightning bolt was 'fixin' to fry them all, standing out exposed, among those dark grey trees. Trees so tall their upper-most branches could not be viewed from the ground.
Big 'S' was almost to the point of having the men retrieve their ponchos, cover themselves and lie flat on the ground when one of his Scouts ran up excitedly and exclaimed, Come quick, me find shelter!.
Sarge motioned the others to follow and the ARVN Scout guided them a few hundred meters to a small cave he had discovered. Luckily, it was big enough for all to get inside out of the wind and rain, and especially to be safe from the continuous lightning display that Mother Nature was putting on.
Once all were inside the cave Big S, Sarge snapped on his flashlight  the one with the blue lens and hand motioned for one of the Scouts. After talking, the Scout went outside. Over the din of the rain, thunder and crashing bolts of lightning chopping sounds could be heard. The sound emanated from a machete blade striking against something, possibly small saplings or brush.
The wet, soaked to the bone, men stared at each other. Each of them thinking what was the strange chopping noise outside the cave entrance and what does it mean? Before they could answer their own questions the answer became apparent.
The Scout was pulling and dragging small brush and bushes to cover the entrance to the cave, thus concealing their temporary hiding-place; however, the Scout never returned to the safety and dryness of the cave. He found himself a hiding place next to the now hidden cave entrance, squatted down, and began an alert vigil for any and all possible intruders. His dedication to duty was exemplary, making him impervious to the driving rain and dangerous lightning strikes.
With the blue tinted flashlight casting an eerie ghostly light the team commander surveyed the inside of their safe haven. It was totally rock enclosed, with debris of every description scattered in every nock and cranny. The smell of urine and human excrement was almost unbearable.
The ceiling was blackened with soot from hundreds of fires from other strangers, such as themselves, whom possibly, had also sought temporary shelter from the perils of countless previous storms.
With the brush covering the cave entrance, they, for the moment, were safe from unwanted visitors and the fearsome natural elements being unleashed outside. The time was a little past 0200 (2 am) hours and their destination was less that an hours march away; still plenty of time to reach their objective before sunup. Big S reasoned enough time was available that a fire would do wonders for the mens moral, including his own.
The men were instructed to police-up (pick-up) any loose wood lying around the stone and dirt floor and make a small fire back at the rear of their enclosure. This area had a natural crack in the ceiling that would allow the smoke to escape. Sarge reasoned with the storm driving the rain and wind at such a furious pace, it would be impossible for the smoke to be observed outside.
All the team members began gathering anything that would burn. After hastily throwing together a sad assortment of combustible refuse the faint glow of a small fire was beginning to illuminate the inside of their temporary stone-age dwelling.
As the fire grew brighter, some began to remove their wet clothing and hold them close to the fire hoping, perhaps, to at least get them a little drier. At the same time the rocky hole in the ground began to warm up the dampness of their subterranean sanctuary seemed to be abating somewhat also. Others began to pull cigarettes out of rumpled packs and began to fire them up. The smell of tobacco quickly permeated the small room. Helping in part to mask that repugnant odorous aroma of human urine soaked feces.
Things were beginning to look up until

*  *  *  *  *

Hey, something just bit me!! came an excited voice from over on one side of the cave. It was Sergeant First Class 'Doc Mayo' Hellmans, the only remaining medic on the team. Of course Big S was a medic too, but not on this OPS, his medical skills were not of the utmost importance. That was his reason for requisitioning two medics. One was already lost, now the second seemed to be in some kind of trouble.
Someone get a flashlight over there, check on Doc! commanded Big S.
Sarges first thought when he heard Doc yell the word Bite was a scorpion or centipedes had probably bitten him. He knew damp, dark places, exactly like this hole they were in, were perfect hiding places for those little mischievous devils. Both varmints sting were painful and caused considerable swelling but neither was fatal.
If only that had been true - but the command and leadership role of Big S was about to get tested, and much, much harder.
Damn it to hell!! Its a snake!! 
As soon as those words were uttered by Doc Mayo one of the Scouts, with a singular motion so swift and smooth, slid his long machete knife out of its sheath; swung it with one silent arc and be-headed the venomous reptile before it had a chance to move another inch. It was eerie the skill he exhibited. He calmly cleaned the fearsome razor-sharp steel blade by methodically wiping the snakes red blood on his trouser leg, and unceremoniously re-holstered the blade in its sheath, which hung loosely on his belt. During this entire episode his facial expression never changed.
Oh, hell!! frantically yelled Doc Mayo, Its an Asiatic Cobra!!
The Asiatic Cobra is a cousin, of sorts, to the better-known King Cobra, but both are extremely deadly, if not properly treated in a timely fashion. The only proper treatment is the use of anti-venom, and it must be administered within a few minutes of the Cobras bite - "Sorry Doc" Sarge said with a trembling voice," you know we don't have any anti-venom."
"Yeah I know, damn... Doc said, just my luck... I was reaching for... for... what I thought was a piece of firewood in the dark, and wouldnt you know it, hell, it WAS A SNAKE!! Im sorry Sarge, Lieutenant he motioned around the room to the rest of the men, guys Im sorry! I know you were depending on me and Ive let you down! Im... Im... sorry!
You would never think battle hardened veterans such as these would show emotion but around the room, in the flickering yellowish light of the warm fire, the trails of wetness could be seen emanating from the corner of their eyes and trickling down their black, green and tan camouflaged faces.
They tried, unsuccessfully, to hold back these tears - but they had no control over them. They all comprehended Charlies fate!
The men knew the Cobra, Asiatic or King, as the one-two-three snake. One bite, two steps, three drags on a cigarette and. well no further explanation is necessary
The men spread a couple of ponchos on the ground up close to the fire. Lay Doc, who was already beginning to feel the pain of the Cobras bite, down on them in an effort to make his last few minutes as comfortable as possible.
The place of the bite, his hand, was swelling and Doc began moaning loudly and began to have difficulty breathing. Sarge had applied a tourniquet to Docs upper arm but he knew he was just delaying the inevitable.
The men, Green Berets through and through, believed the difficult could be done at once while the impossible took just a little longer. There was nothing they couldnt do they wanted to believe this was true now but they fully understood nothing more could be done for Doc except, as friends, be by his side and not allow him to die alone, lying on a cold rock floor, in a hole in the ground somewhere in a sorry-assed place not even shown on a map!!
His life was now being measured in minutes, certainly no more than an hour. And his last minutes were going to be filled with excruciating pain, muscle paralysis and finally complete respiratory failure.
Big S' standing in the golden shimmer of the fire said to his men, Guys, Docs aid bag has 5 morphine syrettes  (1/4 grains of morphine each, in small toothpaste type tubes for instant injection) plus we each have two in our breast pockets. We will probably have use for all of them for ourselves before this mission is complete but I am going to make Docs last few minutes this side of eternity as peaceful and painless as possible.
Saying this he reached into his pocket, removed his two small morphine tubes. Pushing the little wire on the end to break the seals, he kneeled down beside Doc and injected, through fatigue pants, the two tubes, directly into Docs leg. Without another spoken word the rest of the men opened their breast pockets and each removed their syrettes and starting handing them to Big S.
Thanks fellows!! I believe just a couple more is all he will need. The rest he handed back to the men. Thanks again guys, I know Doc Mayo would appreciate your sacrifice for him too! Big S injected a couple more tubes, stood back up turned and stared into the fire and
Sarge thought, now were down to Ten!

CHAPTER TWENTY

ENEMY PATROL
As the last medic for Big S lie dying on the hard cave floor there was a rustling of the brush at the cave entrance. The Scout was motioning that someone was coming down the trail.
In the minds of Big S and Little S the rainstorm had produced both good and bad. The good had been that they found shelter within the cave - that was good because it provided a warm dry place to hide, but the cave and its Cobra killed Doc!
That was bad... real bad!
The good also was the fact that the hard rain had washed away all traces of their footprints either on the trail or at the river crossing. So patrols following the same trail would have no reason to suspect that foreign trespassers were treading on their soil.
Bao nhieu? (How many), asked Little S.
The Scout held up seven fingers. Thats good, thought Big S, we can handle seven. 
Little S moved up close to Big S and whispered in his ear, Lets try to get a prisoner. We need information.
Good idea, Sarge thought motioning to the Scout. As he and the Scout conversed quietly, the men were beginning to get restless. Whats going on? was on each of their minds. Once Sarge got through talking with his Scout, the Scout motioned to the other remaining Scouts and they all exited the shelter together.
Sarge whispered, form a circle," the men quickly obeyed. Our sentry scout saw an enemy patrol coming down our trail - there were seven in the squad. We could engage them with weapon fire, but that would give away any surprise advantage that we might still have at Pac Toul. So, the scouts are going out on the trail and capture the last person in the on-coming patrol. We need a prisoner to glean information from.
Big S, spoke one of the men, that seems mighty risky. Why dont we move out and provide support cover in case a firefight erupts. Regardless of our blown mission or not we need to help those guys out if they get into trouble!
I know youre right, Sarge said, but our Scouts are good. If I get a bunch of you guys out there the patrol might smell a rat and there could be some fireworks. I know its a gamble, but I trust our Scouts, lets giveem a chance and see what happens.
The room grew eerily quite.
Only the inhaling and exhaling of air from each individual could be discerned. The rain and wind were still quite audible outside but the men felt as tho their heartbeats were drum beats that could be easily heard by that enemy patrol sloshing down the wet jungle trail. Doc Mayo had not uttered a sound either; the morphine syrettes had performed their job admirably.

*  *  *  *  *

After what seemed like hours (when in actuality it was only a few minutes) the rustling of the brush at the cave entrance gave the alert that someone was coming into their 'hole'.
A couple of the Scouts shuffled in followed by a blindfolded member of the enemy patrol. The remaining Scouts were pushing him into the cave. As they neared the center of the room one Scout gave a large shove to the prisoner. Loosing his balance the enemy soldier fell upon the hard rock floor, close to the fire.
It was at this moment, as the dancing glow of the firelight illuminated his body, the men in the room became enraged; the prisoner lying on the floor had on a green military shirt - not an enemy combatant's shirt - an American U.S. Army jungle fatigue shirt! 
At once the men recognized it!
It belonged to Jesse! He was wearing Sergeant William 'Jesse' James' shirt!
Tex, the closest man, had his fighting knife drawn and fell upon the bound, blindfolded prisoner in the blink of an eye. Had it not been for the quick reaction of Bonnie grabbing Texs knife welding arm the prisoners throat would have a nasty gash from his right to left ear.
Turn me loose! Tex yelled. Let me at that bastard, Ill cut that damn shirt off him and him still in it! pulling hard on the men that were restraining him. Easy now, easy, said Big S we need this weasel. 
Little S moved over to the Scouts and started conversing with them in Vietnamese. Their conversation went back and forth  one would say something the other would nod in agreement or they would shake their heads negatively.
When they finished Little S turned to all and explained, they hid alongside the trail waiting on the enemy patrol to approach. Once they had them in sight, even with all the wind and rain, they at once recognized that they were wearing pieces of Jesses uniform, and some were carrying pieces of his equipment - one even had his M-16. The Scouts realized that finding Jesses body had tipped off the patrol to our existence; therefore, the Scouts immediately decided to kill them all except for this one lying on the floor. The Scouts were outnumbered 7 to 4. That made the odds about even they eliminated the other patrol members and saved this piece of shit to bring him back. 
At the end of the explanation by Little S the Vietnamese Scouts started piling up Jesses equipment in the middle of the room. Most of everything was there, including his M-16 rifle. The Scouts stripped the patrol of every single piece of Sgt William James captured equipment. Some of it was muddy and still had warm blood on it but it was all there.
When the last piece was placed on the pile, one of the Scouts stretched out his hand toward Big S. Sarge reached to retrieve whatever the Scout was offering him  the Scout opened up his hand and dropped something into Sarges hand - it was Jesses personal set of dog tags still attached to their chains. The black rubber electrical tape (the men put these around their tags to hide the noise of the two tags bumping together) was bloody, but still intact.
Incensed, Sarge usually the reserved one, grasped the prisoner by his shoulders, jerked him upright, stripped the shirt from his body - so hard the buttons ripped off and flew in all directions.  
Once he got Jesses shirt off he turned and tossed the shirt into the fire with a fury as if the shirt had been plague infested; and the only way to rid it from its foul contamination was to incinerate it.
Burn it until nothing was left Burn it...! Burn it...! Burn it..., was all Sarge could think to do!

*  *  *  *  *

Captain Scarburg realized something must be done quickly. This situation was beginning to take a hostile turn for the worse. He knew the prisoner was going to be the object of their rage. He really didnt care if they killed him; he just needed to extract whatever information he processed first.
To get the pandemonium simmered down Captain Scarburg approached the prisoner gripped him by the upper arm and moved him over to a large rock and sat him down.
The Captain removed the prisoners blindfold and started talking to him in the Khmer language of Cambodia. Khmer is the official language of Cambodia but this man spoke a dialect of Khmer which Captain Scarburg, a linguist, understood as Northern Khmer; fortunately, the Captain had studied this dialect in preparation for this mission. 
The people who understand basic Khmer easily recognize northern Khmer, but usually basic Khmer speakers cannot understand the Northern Khmers speech dialect. Their Khmer speech is so different some linguists believe it should be classified as a totally different language, not just a dialect.
Meanwhile, the prisoner, scared and alone, wasnt very cooperative at first. After a few minutes of 'ice-breaking' conversation he explained to the Captain that his patrol had stumbled upon the American soldier hanging in a parachute all tangled up in a tree, dead. They cut him down and split his personal belongings between themselves.
They reasoned he must have been a pilot because they had heard a plane flying over them very low and assumed it must have been in trouble. The prisoner further stated they thought the pilot had jumped from the damaged airplane and killed himself when he landed in the tree.
Captain Scarburg asked the prisoner if the patrol could tell what was the cause of death - did his 'chute fail to open? No, the prisoner replied, a broken limb on the tree had penetrated his chest. Killing him instantly. He also told Little S they were not aware of any other Americans being on the ground or in the vicinity!
Little S turned to the assembled team and relayed the prisoner's disclosure. When he got to the part about the patrol not knowing about them, the team found that hard to swallow. They didnt believe this Commie piece of human excrement or any of that shit about his patrol. Any soldier, Commie or not wasnt that friggin stupid. They were glad that their Scouts had killed the rest of the bastards. One thing for sure - THAT patrol wasnt looking for them!
Sarge had taken about all he could. He had been sitting on the stone floor with his back leaning against the cave wall listening to, as Sarge thought, this fairy tale. Without warning he leaped to his feet, bounded across to the prisoner and with clenched fist knocked him from his seat on the rock. He reached down to administer another blow but Little S grabbed him, Settle down Pop, settle down, let me handle this!
A trickle of blood oozed from one nostril and the corner of the prisoners mouth as Captain Scarburg continued the interrogation - although being asked repeatedly he still maintained that his patrol did not know about the men in the cave.
Glancing over at Sarge, he adamantly reiterated the fact that they were not looking for any Americans - they were just trying to get back to Pac Toul.
PAC TOUL!! Bingo! What a catch! thought the captain, he is the first person that we have ever heard mention this name.
Little S was so excited he immediately turned from the prisoner to his men and blurted out, He said Pac Toul! Pac Toul, he said it! Pac Toul!
Tex, standing close to Captain Scarburg, spoke up, Little S ask him where it is? How far? How many guards? How.
Hold on Tex, Little S said cutting him off, give me a minute. Ill get to all those details just let me work him a little bit kind of gain his confidence or scare the hell out of him whichever works. He turned back to the prisoner (he hated to keep referring to him as the prisoner), so he asked the prisoner his name.
He answered, Samnang Cheang.
The Captain said to Samnang in Northern Khmer, Thats a nice name, it means, I believe, Good Fortune, Prosperous. I believe you are indeed having good fortune, because you are with us and still alive. And if you help us out, you might live long enough to become prosperous but for the time being we are going to call you Sam. Samnang now Sam nodded his head in agreement. Well, thought the Captain, now were getting somewhere.  

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

SCRAMBLED BRAINS
The Captain realizing that Sam could not speak English  he might know a word or two, but not enough to converse with him; however, he quickly found that Sam knew, not only his native Northern Khmer but he spoke enough French that the Captain could substitute French words for words he could not translate into the Khmer language.
Cambodia had been a colony of France for almost a hundred years at an earlier time. The schools taught the students in the French language. And in most cases Cambodians, using the Khmer language, whether regular or Northern had to use French words for names of machinery or other things related to modern technology since their native tongue had no words for them.
Knowing now how he and Sam could communicate opened the door wider for a more intense, precise interrogative probes. He questioned him in French on the place called Pac Toul.
Is it very far?"
Yes, said Sam it was a just a little farther down the same trail that they were following.
The Captain asked him if it was well guarded. Yes, answered Sam, well guarded and the defense is strong.
Are there many guards, tell me about the guards, how many and where are they situated, the Captain asked?
Yes," Sam said they have many guards all around!
The compound - is there many buildings?
Yes, Sam said, One big building, small huts.
It was at this point that Spook, who had been close by listening, said to Captain Scarburg, Sir, I would not attempt to interfere with your questioning of this man but I have some pertinent information I believe could be useful to you.
Certainly Spook, any help would be appreciated.
Captain Scarburg when you were learning the Khmer language did your instructor tell you the Cambodian people always answer ANY question with the first word Yes. This yes does not mean yes. Its more of a courtesy, similar to I understand, or I am listening to you.
Thanks Spook. no I was not taught that." Once this information was made available to Little S he started to make sense out of Sams answers.
After intense questioning and eliminating the Yes from all Sams answers, the Captain came to the following conclusions that he wanted his men to know.
Gentlemen, began Little S, I believe Sam has provided us with some highly valuable intelligence concerning Pac Toul. 
Here is what Spook and I have gleaned from him.
First, Pac Toul is just a klick or so down the trail. The bad news is the trail ends at a... need I say it... a dismal dangerous swamp. We will have to proceed through it to a clearing where we should find a large two-story building that is surrounded by a number of peasant huts.
There are an unknown bunch of sentries guarding the main building complex. We found out from Sam that there are possibly two machine gun emplacements  one on each corner on the entrance side. He also said, and this is peculiar, the so-called guards are not using the machine guns that are positioned there. They use some kind of weapon that he said he had never seen before. Those weapons are real shiny too. But the good news is the emplacements are only fortified with sandbags.
The building itself, as I previously stated, is two-storied, the top story houses, what Sam calls the workroom. He has never been upstairs but believes whatever is going on in the house is happening up there. There is a rear door, but it has been permanently blocked from the inside and cannot be used.
I saved the best for last, said Captain Scarburg, milking the telling of the information to the team for all it was worth, Sam said. said
Damn Little S, quit the shit, what the hell is it? said Big S.
He said the guards were wearing uniforms, not NVA but something different. He said they were shiny maybe made of metal... well he really didnt know!
Captain Scarburg, may I? said Spook.
The Captain relinquished the briefing to Spook.
Spook proceeded, Gentlemen the word Sam used for different was hard to translate. He said Russian, but the translation was not precisely Russian, we believe he was trying to say they appeared to be some kind of foreigners, but they could be someone else!
Thanks, Spook, you are perfectly correct. Fellows, what Spook and I are saying is we do not know, for sure, who those guards are. Maybe they are Russian, maybe they are not, but we didnt make this trip and lose Jesse, Doc and the Scout for nothing. This is what we came for!!
The guys all started turning to each other with high-fives, slapping the one next to him on the back and some could be heard saying, Damn straight!! Right On!! Payback time! The atmosphere was festive and jubilant.  
Sarge thought, if they only knew what was coming!
The air was filled with such excitement no one paid any attention to Sam. His hands werent bound and he wasnt being guarded. Before anyone realized what was happening 'Sam' sprung from his rock seat grabbed Jesses M-16 from the pile lying close to him, put the rifles cold steel muzzle underneath his chin, flipped the safety off with his thumb and pulled the trigger with his index finger.
"Kaboom", the noise was so loud in this confined space that the resultant explosion following the firing pin striking the 5.56 mm round in the rifle was 'felt' almost as much as heard.
Following the deafening rifle discharge 'Sams' head did not apparently slow the speed of the bullet down. The bullet entered the lower chin, proceeded through the roof of his mouth and exited the top of his skull. From his head the bullet ricocheted off the ceiling sending everyone falling to the floor. The 5.56 mm bullet cascaded around the small stone enclosure like a BB in a tin can. Fortunately they hit the floor faster than the bullet could strike one of them. Thankfully none were injured.
Lying in the prong position on the floor they could look up and see the soot-blackened ceiling now covered with blood, brains, scraps of hair and bone giving it a ghoulish crimson color.
A deathly hush fell over them as this horribly gruesome mixture slowly dripped from the ceiling down on them all.
Getting to their feet they stared down at Sams lifeless body lying on the bleak stone floor. What was left of his head was oozing a puddle of blood onto a corner of one of the ponchos underneath Doc Mayo's lifeless body. 
What was left of Sams once handsome young Asian face was now totally unrecognizable. A 5.56mm bullet has a muzzle velocity faster than an average bullet. When it hits the brain it creates shock waves causing an explosion of the surrounding tissue - this is called hydrostatic shock. Sams head got a good up close and personal look at the effects of this hydrostatic shock!!
One of the grizzled veterans grimaced and glanced away from the carnage on the floor, unconsciously thinking, Man, what an M-16 can do to the human head when you eat the barrel and pull the trigger.
They didnt particularly care for Sam, but hey, they didnt want him to kill himself. 
But 'what the hell', they really didnt really care one-way or the other.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

OPPORTUNITY MISSED
The amount of time expended by Doc being bitten by the cobra, the scouts taking care of the enemy patrol, the capture of Sam and his thorough interrogation by Captain Scarburg and Spook and then him offing himself, no one had noticed that the storm had passed and a faint light was beginning to cast a glow through the brush at the cave entrance.
Oh no!! They thought looking at each other, ol' Sol had already pushed the blackness of night from Vietnam to their east and the replacing morning light was beginning to work its way west turning the darkness that they had just endured into another dreary rain soaked Cambodian morning.
They were late!
Sarge took the floor and got the team to settle down. After they got quite, he said,  Guys, we have missed the opportunity, as you all well know, to move out before daybreak. We do not have the advantage of darkness. All is not lost; we gained some valuable information from Sam.
By necessity we will have to spend the rest of this day huddled together in this rock hole, but we are not going to sit by doing nothing. Today we are going to use this as an opportunity - an opportunity to get our assault plans worked out to the nth degree. So lets get started and get our equipment squared away and get the plans ready for our assault tonight, but first we need to properly bury Sergeant First Class Charles Hellmans. A couple of the scouts looked at each other with puzzled looks. They didn't recognize Sergeant Hellman's 'real' name he was just 'Doc Mayo' or Bac Si to them.

*  *  *  *  *

The men each came around one at a time and stood gazing at Doc lying there, dead, on the ponchos. Some crossed themselves. Others said a silent prayer. Some did nothing but simply and quietly said Goodbye.
After the men had paid their last respects Sarge pulled one of the Scouts aside and spoke quietly to him. After their conversation the Scouts removed Doc's body along with the body of Sam to the outside of the cave. Sarge knew the Scouts would bury Doc and Sam with respect and would leave no visible outward signs of their graves.
After the burial detail the men hurried around, checking and cleaning equipment; some had topographic maps stretched out on the floor examining the surrounding terrain, committing these details to memory.
While all this was going on Sarge pulled Little S aside and began questioning him. Son, I know you too well, you cant get it by me, what did Sam tell you that youre not telling us? You left something out!! Let's have it!!"
Pop, I was going to tell you, but I didnt want to upset the men until I spoke to you first, whispered Junior.
Give it to me straight! You know I rather have bad news better than no news at all. What did you find out?
First, said Jr., You want it straight, thats the way Im going to give it to you.

*  *  *  *  *

"Sam said that swamp that we have to go through is bad he said it was risky to cross in the daytime but his own people would never attempt it at night. He said it was just too dangerous - full of venomous snakes, crocs, landmines and sinkholes. I looked at our topo (topographical) maps and the aerial photos and that miserable swamp is not even shown.
Sarge jumped in, Why do you suppose our Intel guys did not pick up on this?
I can only reason they never got photos during the rainy season you know it rains everyday and there is no way any of our own guys have ever put eyes on this place! If you think about it, theres no reason to be flying over this shit-hole just to take pictures.
Your right, until we heard of Pac Toul, nobody would have given a plug nickel for aerial photos of this place. They wouldnt have come over this damn place if Marilyn Monroe herself had been lying out there sunbathing in her birthday suit! Forget that... I know our pilots, we'd have photos up the patootie!"
Well Pop, said Jr again, that was the first bad news, Ill go on now with the really juicy stuff. Once we emerge from the swamp, there is a dirt berm (app. 6 foot mound of dirt) that circles the entire area that we know as Pac Toul. Sam says if we get over the berm, and it has anti-personnel mines buried all over it, no one is living in the huts around the two-storied building. The people have run off.
More bad news tho Sam said the soldiers are foreigners; they are not Vietnamese, the Cambodian Army or militia. He did not know who they were but he said something weird  he said their uniforms looked  shiny white but if he could guess he said he would guess they were Russians.
Excuse me Captain, can I jump into this conversation again, Spook said tapping him on the shoulder.
Those Khmer words that Sam used are hard to translate into English but I believe he said, metal . The shiny translates more closely to metal!
Quite right Spook, your right it could be either white, 'silver' or metal, Little S agreed.
Russians!! Russians!! What in the hell are damn Russians doing way out here in the boonies with white or shiny metal uniforms, Sarge said.
Pop, if Thumper has gotten here before us, he would have brought some troops with him. Doesnt that make sense? But I would also think those troops that we just engaged were not his total force.
Damn it to hell, what do you suppose is in that building that is so important. 
 P.H.O.T.O," what in Sam Blazes IS that? It is all connected someway but how? Colonel Scarface kept asking about Pac Toul and P.H.O.T.O. Do you suppose they process recon photographs here? That doesnt make any sense! Sarge was just rambling, going on and on, in fact he was just thinking out loud.
Pop, I dont know but I bet you a new dollar that me, you and the rest of our team will find out tomorrow!!!

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

THE SWAMP
After the conversation with his son, Sarge assembled the team and restated what Captain Scarburg had told him. Every bad piece of it! Sarge was a believer a man has the right to know what he is getting into, especially if it is likely to get him killed.
But that news didnt seem to affect the team one way or another. If it did they kept it to themselves. The rest of the morning and afternoon was very productive and well spent. Equipment was checked, re-checked and checked again. Rifles were cleaned, knifes were sharpened to a keen edge, maps were studied and plans were conceived. The day passed rather quickly, as Sarge said, Time passes fast when youre having fun. The light at the cave entrance began to dim indicating to those inside night was approaching and the mission was about to resume.
Sarge ordered the men to settle back, open up some PIRs, eat, smokeem if you gotem, bumem if you dont. Get a couple hours of down time; they would be pushing off at 2100 hrs (9 pm).
The sun had dropped down behind the western horizon and the cave had gotten dark inside  it was time to mount up and shove off.
The men removed the brush from the entrance to the cave slung their rucks upon their backs and returned to the murky, muddy animal trail that headed toward the southwest. The only redeeming grace to the entrance out into the gloom of the night air - it wasnt raining. After the urine, feces and blood stench of the cave the fresh air smelled oh so good.
Well that good feeling didnt last long, just as they hit the trail the rolling rumble of thunder was heard off in the distance. The flash of lightning crashes could be seen in the distance. Like the twinkling of Christmas tree lights, ODA -113 Photo Search was alerted that the thunderous downpour of rain was just minutes away. They figured correctly, at first it was just a few drops that turned into a rainstorm, which turned into a deluge. This was the monsoon season; rain was the name of the game.
The trek down the slippery, muddy trail did not take long. Before they had time to become accustomed to the mud and rain the trail abruptly ended.
They had nowhere to go except forward... into the swamp.

*  *  *  *  *

Sarge was the first to venture out into the slimy, filthy swamp water followed closely by Jr and Spook. The good news it was only knee deep, the bad news there were things in that water that had never seen humans before. Whatever they might be they would be very happy to take a bite out of Sarges leg. Sarge conferred with the Captain and Spook. Spook was familiar with this part of the world and his insight was very valuable.
Spook said, I dont know about this particular area but I know that most of Cambodia is filled with anti-personnel mines. I dont believe this area will be any different, especially since it is protecting the entrance to the Pac Toul area.
During the dry season this would not be a swamp, and whoever is defending it thought no one would attempt an attack through this swamp during the rainy season; however, Siamese crocodiles are also native to this area.
So I think our best approach would be to enter and maintain a single file, spaced out at intervals of at least 3 meters. If a mine or croc is encountered, God forbid, it will only be catastrophic to the one who stepped on the mine or was grabbed by the croc. Maybe the man before and behind will be spared.
Yeah, sounds good Id rather cross in a line formation, said Sarge, but your idea makes sense. Single file men, 3 meter intervals, Ill take lead. After Sarge stopped listening to Spook describe the intricacies of the swamp he turned and continued out into the dark, cloudy, obscure water.

*  *  *  *  *

Sarge estimated the swamp to be roughly 300 meters long, Just a walk in the park, he told himself. Why, this is nothing but three football fields  Ive gone that far thousands of time!
That thought had barely materialized when he saw an unmistakable white-yellow flash. Within a mere fraction of a second he heard the swoosh of an RPG shoulder-fired rocket fly past him so close he could feel the heat from the rocket motor.
It missed all his men but struck a nearby tree instantly transforming it into a mangled stump with the rest of the tree filling the air as a shower of wood splinters and sawdust. At least the downpour of rain was washing the wood debris from their faces and clothes!
One of the men, yelled (no use to maintain silence now), Which direction?
Another answered, Couldnt seeem, too dark!
Sarge yelled back, Came from our 1 oclock!
At the same instant of this report the whole dark dismal swamp in front of them erupted into a fireworks display reminiscent of a Fourth of July celebration; the air was filled with an ear deafening crescendo of automatic AK-47s and SKS firing FMJ (full metal jacketed) rounds with red tracers. Hand grenades were being lobbed too, but their point of origin was, at least, 75 meters away and the effective range of a grenade was no more than 30 - 40 meters.
Sarge laughed to himself, At least they are killing some of the damn snakes and crocs in this stinking stagnant swimming pool! 
Sarge yelled, Down! and for a brief microsecond the shout of Down transported him back to his days as a Little League coach on first base. The pitcher steps back off the rubber, the first base coach automatically yells at the runner on first, Back! Somehow it felt the same, but he knew it wasnt.
The comparison was as different as night and day, hot and cold, alive or dead; how could he associate that tranquil afternoon of youngsters having the time of their lives to this cesspool swamp of death in Northern Cambodia. He couldnt - it was just one of those silly thoughts everyone has had at inopportune times.
Spook was crouched behind a 2 sapling. A skinny tree, which offered no protection at all, he thought hell some cover, is better than no cover at all! He was hiding about three feet to Sarges left and a little behind him when he yelled at Sarge. Sarge heard him call and dragged himself, with only his green beret showing above the water, back toward Spook to see what the hell he had on his mind.
'Civilians!! Don't he know I have a war to tend to!'
The rest of that bacteria and germ-infested water was seeping into every orifice of Sarges body, but he reasoned, hell Ill be like Scarlett  Ill worry about that tomorrow. When Sarge arrived at Spooks side the Captain, hearing Spook yell had already moved over to find out what was going on too.
Sarge didnt waste any words, Spook you got any suggestion? Im all ears, were in a hell of a fix!
Spook was nervous since he was in no position to offer command decisions, said timidly, Sergeant Scarburg, before coming on this OPS with your team I surveyed this area day and night, top to bottom. I believe a tributary of the Mekong River is feeding this swamp, so to move to our right would be going toward the river and getting into deeper water. We shouldnt go that way, do you agree?
Not knowing what in hell Spook was talking about Sarge and the Captain both nodded in agreement.
My proposal is for you to leave two of us here to keep drawing their fire and you and the Captain take the rest of the men and flank them to our left. I believe if you go over to the left, no more than 75 meters, you should be on dry ground. And that ground, with all the water running toward this swamp, should have deep gullies washed out from the recent downpours. These gullies might offer you a little bit of cover. I have Docs M-16 and Tex is still hobbling on his twisted ankle. Tex and I can keep them dodging bullets for awhile.
Damn... good plan for a civilian, thought the Sarge. As he was about to move down the line giving instructions he heard a loud yell - a command in a foreign language.
Sarge knew immediately the language  it was Russian. And he recognized that pig squealing s.o.bs voice --- it was the Colonel Thumper barking the orders. 
Both Captain Scarburg and Spook understood Thumpers commands: he wanted his troops to move right and to the left, flanking us on both sides. They wanted to get us caught in a crossfire. Little did Colonel Butt Hole realize that the men he ordered to his left were actually walking into the river! Good the more in the river the better! Thats just fewer we have to kill Sarge thought.

*  *  *  *  *

Sarge quickly realized if he could move quickly to the high ground to his left  he wouldnt have to flank the Russians. He would just set up an ambush and let them walk into it, Damn he thought this is an excellent plan Spook. This is exactly what I would have come up with', he thought grinning to himself.
As Sarge was moving his own men to his left the Russians were moving their men to their own left also. At first the firing was intense from the Russian left but the firing began to diminish more and more as the heavy, equipment-laden men trudging through the dirty, dingy swamp water inadvertently stepped into the deep undertow of the river.
It was like leading sheep to the slaughter; however, the sheep leading them to slaughter was their own men. In the dark of that swamp, which now had its air laden with gun smoke; the Russians could not see their hands in front of their faces!
As one Russki stepped into the fast flowing water, the monster in the river, the undertow, gobbled him up. The next and the next followed suit and were immediately swallowed up too. In a few minutes the firing to Spook and Texs right stopped altogether. Sporadic shots came from their left but the shooting was from the Russians trying to out flank Sarge's team. Suddenly the night was ablaze with gunfire. This time it was full auto M-16 rifle fire - ours. The ambush Sarge sat up worked perfectly; at the time the shooting ceased no Russian was left capable of firing another round.

*  *  *  *  *

  The wounded Russians were crying for mercy. They were moaning and groaning begging for medical treatment in Russian. One Russian yelled repeatedly MATb, MATb  nomuraet MHe  (Mother, Mother help me)!
Sarge was in the process of searching for the teams medical aid bag  he might have to kill the enemy but if any were wounded his medics creed instructed him to provide aid, enemy or not.
He was still thrashing about in the muddy water looking for the big OD (olive drab) bag with the Red Cross on it, when he heard the report of an M-16 rifle firing. He immediately dropped face down into the dirty water. As he pulled his beret covered head up out of the muck there followed a fast series of rifle shots from more M-16s, but he heard no AK-47 or SKS return fire.
What were his men shooting at?
He finally found the aid bag and made his way out of the swamp onto the dry ground and moved swiftly toward the recent shooting. When he arrived he saw the results of the outburst; the ARVN scouts had advanced ahead of the other team members and had summarily shot and killed any wounded Russian soldier found still breathing.
They were taking no prisoners.
Only two of the ARVN scouts took part in the massacre. They were the only two scouts left alive. The other two were lying dead face down in that rancid %#$@&^ (Sarge had expired his repertoire of cuss words) swamp.
Little S approached Big S saying, Pop, Im sorry I was up here but I didnt know what was happening until it was over. I didnt have time to stop them!! It happened so fast.
Sarge replied, Dont worry Son. It wasnt your fault, I'm the team commander, the fault lies with me. When we return to the real world I will report it, now lets carry on with our missionand
Sarge thought, now were down to Eight!

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

THE BLUE BERET RETURNS
Sarge made an observation, There arent any hostiles close by, if they were they would have been in on this fight. Take your flashlights and get back into the swamp where them frigging Russians were. I want you to find that Speznaz Colonel Nikita 'frigging' Ergorov. I want to see his stone dead body. If you have to bring back just his head, do it! But dont go over to far to the right  theres a river over there.
With these instructions all the men waded back into the slime and mud. When they found a dead Russian soldier, they would flip him over and check to see if he was the Colonel.
The rain was still falling in sheets and occasionally a crash of thunder would cause the men to dive back into the dank water, thinking the shooting was beginning again. After an hour or so of looking at each and every dead Russians they returned to the dry ground with nothing positive to report.
Near the end of the search Captain Scarburg came sloshing through the muck and stepped upon the dry dirt; handed a piece of material to Sarge and said, Big S I found this, nothing else.
Sarge took the dripping wet woolen object from Little S - it was a beret - a blue beret, covered in blood!!
Cramming Thumpers beret into his pack Sarge turned to his men, Gentlemen, our objective is at the end of this friggin swamp. We will proceed around this left edge on dry ground until we encounter resistance from the defending forces at the berm.
Captain Scarburg you, Bonnie, Tex and one of the Scouts take out the resistance on the left of the berm and then attack the machine gun emplacement on the left corner of the main building. Teach, Spook, me and the other Scout will do the same with the one on the right. Good luck, its been a pleasure serving with you all!
The rain was still pouring like God was emptying the heavens; the thunder was rumbling and the lightning was crashing but the men felt none of the wet rain, heard not the thunder or paid no attention to the flashes of lightning  their minds and bodies were now totally consumed by the coming attack.
They knew, just as Sarge knew, this was going to be someones last mission  as calloused as it seemed, each was hoping it would be someone besides themselves.
  
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

STORMING THE BERM
The small remaining ODA-113 Photo Search team rounded the last portion of the swamp. The lightning was so fierce it illuminating the surrounding area as if someone had switched on a light.
Sarge motioned the men to fall down on their bellies and low crawl toward the berm.
Through the constant lightning flashes Sarge could not see any defenders on this side of the berm. This might only mean that the heavy rain had them hunkered down, stealthy, awaiting his men to begin their approach. They could then spring up and unleash hells fury in all its might upon them.
Big S motioned Little S to take his men off to the left, he would proceed to the right. Still no sign of the enemy  was that a good sign or bad, Sarge wondered? With all the recent shooting and blasts occurring in the swamp just a couple hundred meters away, the presence of the team could not be a surprise to anyone defending the berm. 
Sarge, slowly and cautiously, unhooked from his web belt a small, 2-1/2  spherical piece of pure hell - a US Army M67 fragmentation grenade. Signaled with his hand for Little S to do the same. Holding the piece of cold steel Angels of Death in one hand they inserted the index finger of their opposite hand into the circular pin holding the grenade handle in place. Until this spring loaded handle is released the grenade is safe; at the time the pressure on this handle is released the grenade will, in 3 seconds, unleash its 6.5 oz storehouse of high explosives. Thus insuring an instant agonizing death to anyone within 10 meters of its hellish discharge.
Sarge looked at Little S and silently signaling with his empty hands fingers, counted thumb One, index finger Two and middle finger Three. At the count of three both drew back their arms, and simultaneously lobbed the grenades over to the opposite side of the berm.
A second passed, then another, then the earth rocked with three tremendous explosions. The flashes were blinding with rock and mud soaked earth flying in every direction.
Sarge thought, I threw one and Little S threw one, who threw the third? Sarge quickly realized one of the explosions was not a grenade it was one of the anti-personnel mines Sam had warned filled the berm. But still no reaction from anyone hiding behind the hill of dirt; Sarge could not understand, where were the defenders?

*  *  *  *  *

He hand signaled for the men to move out and cross the pile of dirtno sooner had they began Sarge heard a tell-tell click. This was not an unknown sound, he had heard that metallic click before and each time it caused his heart to stop.
That click is the sound made when someones big GI boot sits itself down on the arming switch of an anti-personnel landmine.
Sarge inhaled sharply, afraid the click came from pressure his foot had exerted on one of those despicable devices that God should never have let be invented. Before he could look down or exhale, immediately to his left came the inevitable thunderous detonation.
Without looking he knew what type of results to expect  they are always bad  thats the purpose of those little bastards; however, as difficult as it was he forced himself to turn and look to see who got it. What he first saw was a trail of light blue smoke curling skyward leaving the earth still smoking from the blast. Even the hard downpour of rain could not erase that devilish device's gunpowder smell from the air  and the victim, or what was left of him, was mangled almost beyond recognition.
Sarges eyes riveted on a blood soaked green bandana lying amid the still smoking remains of what a second ago had been his friend.
He knew this person. He had once been in a gang and he had never quite given up the habit of wearing bandanas. In his gang it was red, in the Army he had exchanged it for a green one. He belonged to the East 59th Street Gang. in New York City it was... it was Tex!

*  *  *  *  *

No sooner had the realization of loosing Tex began to sink in there was the exact same dj vu 'click' again, the same reverberating explosion.
This time to his right - Teach...? Spook...? Or was it the Scout?
Sarge did not want to look  he didnt want to loose any more friends but he knew deep within his bones God had called another soul home.
Forcing his eyes to look, this time to his right, Sarge could still see the blue smoke from the mine filtering out of the brown Cambodian earth into the coolness of the morning rain; the smoke filled the air with the same smell of cordite, blood and death that Sarge has experienced on his left only a moment ago.
The Death Angel had come for his next victim  the Scout!
Pulling his bayonet out of its scabbard he motioned all the remaining men to do likewise  kneeling down on their hands and knees they used the bayonet to probe for additional anti-personnel mines.
Each would stick the bayonet into the wet dirt and feel for the knifes touch on something metallic (the mine). Hoping that the knifepoint had not touched the mines trigger. If one was found, it would not be removed it, since no friendlies were coming up behind them; they just implanted a small stick in the ground beside it and continued on.
It was a slow nerve-racking process, climbing, clawing and probing for unseen mines to reach the top of this deadly pile of sticky, slimy mud. At the summit Sarge was so elated he had the feeling that a flag should be planted  ala Mount Suribachi on Iwo Jima.
This was no mountain, nor even a large hill just a big pile of Cambodian dirt; to a fighting man the feeling of summiting this molehill gave him the feeling, for a moment, the same type of self-adulation the Marines felt when Joe Rosenthal snapped that iconic World War II picture of the Raising of the Flag on Iwo Jima. 
Sarge realized their accomplishments were minuscule in comparison but in his heart he felt the same sense of achievement and pride that they too must have felt that famous day standing on that volcano peak deep in the South Pacific Ocean.
After his adrenaline and its accompanying elation subsided somewhat he had a chance to peer over the summit to the other side of his mountain. The early morning light was beginning to erase the previous nights darkness.
The fighting in the swamp and the storming of the beam had taken the better part of the night  now morning was upon them. At least the rain had stopped for the moment as Sarge gazed over the berms crest into the compound spread out before him.
The bad news, maybe not bad exactly but worrisome - no one was visible, or at least, no one was seen moving around. Were the defenders hiding? Ready to spring out at the teams exposure? Sarge slowly inched his body over the top with Teach and Spook. Captain Scarburg did likewise with Bonnie and the remaining Scoutand
Sarge thought, now we are down to Six!

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

FIRST VIEW OF PAC TOUL
Arriving on the other side of the berm, Sarge surveyed the surrounding area
So this is Pac Toul!
Not much to look at and sure the hell wasnt worth what it cost to get her, Sarge said out loud to no one in particular. I hope to hell this big building is stacked full of American C-Notes!
Sam had been correct, the huts were empty  and from their appearance, had been abandoned for quite a while. Sam didnt mention the thatch-roofed watchtower off to one side, but no need, one could see guards were not present now. The two machine gun posts were as Sam indicated but both were abandoned too.
Arriving at the sandbagged machine gun emplacement on the left front of the building Captain Scarburg, Bonnie and the Scout quickly saw it was an American made machine gun - a Browning .50 cal (caliber) M2HB heavy machine gun. GIs from as far back as World War I, when Browning invented it, have always referred to it as Ma Deuce, Ma for M and Deuce for 2. HB just meant Heavy Barrel.

*  *  *  *  *

Thomas 'Bonnie" Clyde, the Demo Specialist, hopped over the black sandbags and jacked the loading handle back on the ol Ma Deuce. Immediately an ear-splitting detonation completely obliterated the gun emplacement, the weapon and poor ol Bonnie.
The explosion totally destroyed the corner of the building adjacent to the gun emplacement. Damn! said Captain Scarburg. That had to have been wired with C4! Hell, I dont even see anything left of Bonnie; it just blew the hell out of him! They must have used a whole frigging stick! Hell he wasnt just blown up, it vaporized him! As he motioned with his hand toward the air that had taken on the look of Bonnie tinged pink smoke.
Sarge yelled to the Scout to be careful, look for more booby traps but the Scout only shrugged his shoulders and cupped one hand up against his ear, indicating he couldnt hear. The Scout, being so close to the blast, was rendered totally deaf for the time being  he was unable to recognize anything being said to him.
Forget him, said Sarge, he frigging well can take care of himself. Sarge walked over to the second gun emplacement on the opposite corner of the building. Carefully he and the Scout slowly stepped over similar black sandbags. The same as had been used on the other machine gun.
Right as rain, another Ma Deuce, but Sarge was checking it out closely before touching. Yep, you sons-of-bitches, you wont fool us twice. Attached to the loading handle a small, almost invisible, strand of wire - Sarge began tracings down toSarge yelled, Little S its a whole stick of C4, Im going to pull the blasting cap out.  
Removing the small sensitive primary explosive device the 1- lb block of pure hell became as innocuous as a block of silly putty.
Hey, Little S this stuff is made in the U. S of A., this crap is our own stuff! Shit, now were blowing up each other!
Sarge noticed around the emplacement were stacked a number of fifty (.50 caliber) cans of ammo. Those might come in handy later, he thought.

*  *  *  *  *

Well, Sarge thought, at least well have some firepower when we need it now. He left the Ma Deuce with the Scout and signaled for Spook to follow. Walking around the right corner of the two-storied building they immediately saw a large, steel grey, sheet metal building constructed close to the river. Walking down toward the river Sarge and Spook wanted to check out this building. Both the building and river couldnt be more than 100 or so meters from the house.
Sarge began to have a strange feeling in his gut concerning this place. As well known, Sarges gut didnt lead him astray often. Something didnt fit, things just didnt feel right   where are the guards in their silver/white uniforms  where are the people? 
He noticed there were no animals; no birds in the trees and none could even be seen flying around. Something else bothered Sarge  he could hear a suspiciously low almost unperceivable humming sound. He sensed he was feeling the noise rather than hearing the hum. He knew the noise had to be coming from somewhere, but where? 
Sarge approached the big metallic door on the metal building. Surprisingly the door was not padlocked or restrained but did have a red-lettered sign posted in French: DANGER SURTENSION." 
He pushed open the large sheet-iron door. The door responded with a loud clanging sound; Spook and Sarge cautiously peered inside. Light coming in through the open door allowed them to see into the darken room. The rays of sunshine illuminated a behemoth of an electric generator. Staring at this monster and merely calling it a generator was similar to saying the Queen Mary was merely a boat! Sarge walked to the door and yelled back up to the house, Son, get youre ass down here!! Weve found something youve got to see!
Little S hastens into the building as Sarge questioningly addressed Dr. Kim. Spook do you know what this apparatus is?  
Damn right I do Sergeant! I didnt get all my education for nothing! This is a frigging big assed electric generator. That French sign on the door says DANGER HIGH VOLTAGE for a particular reason - this baby. Water from the river drives a turbine, which in turn runs this generator to produce electrical power - a hell of a lot of electric power.
Sarge asked, How much power can this generator produce?
To answer Sarges question Spook and the Captain walked over to the generator and found the data plate attached to a panel on the generators side. The information from the data plate indicated it was a180mw, 50hz generator.
Spook and the Captain conversed between themselves for a second or two when Sarge, haughtily, asked, Well?
Litttle S looking at the Captain shrugged his shoulders, forcing Spook to say, Sarge it a 180 mega watt power plant! Thats means 180 million watts!
Hell, I read those numbers from that little aluminum plate on the side right here, Sarge said motioning to the generator, What the hell does that tell me in English?
Pop," what Spook is trying to tell you this is a hell of a large power plant. In plain English, as you say, one million watts of power equates to about the amount of energy consumed by 600 to 900 homes in a year. Multiply those homes by 180 and you will see how big this sucker really is! So, do the math!
Damn, said Sarge, 180 times... lets say 650 houses that would beuh, lets seeuh
Forget the math Pop, the answer is close to 90,000 houses! This sucker is putting out enough power to light a small city!
Spook, Son, do you think this generator is running, right? I can pick up the whining inside, but did you two notice before we came into this building another faint almost inaudible buzzing sound? However, this generator is not producing that buzz. It reminds me of a transformer on a power pole. Listen, theres something foreboding in that low jet like resonance and we havent found its source yet.
Your right the generator is working fine and putting out plenty of juice, and now that you mention it Pop, yeah, I did hear the humming sound you mentioned but I thought is was coming from this building. But this generator is making the normal whining sounds a generator makes, what I heard reminded me of a very high-pitched note in music, spoke the Captain.
Well come on guys lets go get Scout and Teach and find out whats in this place. Weve come a long way and I for one would like to see what all the commotion was about, said Sarge

*  *  *  *  *

Leaving the generator building Spook, glancing off to his right, noticed something a few hundred meters farther up the river hidden under a huge piece of camouflage netting. Sarge! Captain! Take a look at that, he said pointing his finger in the objects direction.
Lets go take a gander (look) at that thing, Sarge said as he turned and walked in its direction.
Neared the covered object the high-pitched whine got a little louder, or stronger. Seeing it up close they estimated the height to be approximately twenty feet and appeared to be something circular tilted sideways at an angle. All three grasped the camouflage netting and pulled. The netting slid easily off the slick plastic-like object exposing the most gorgeous white dish thing they had ever seen. Painted in the center of the disk was an approximate three-foot blue oval with three yellow pyramids on one side, a face, a lion, a cow and an eagle on the other side both sides divided by a white bolt of lightning.
The Captain spoke first, Spook, youve got more education that I, what in the hell is this thing? And what does that symbol mean in the center?"
Spook, started walking around the thing and simultaneously ran his hand along its smooth edge mumbling to himself, Spook! said the Captain. Spook!
Spook, as if dreaming, startled awake suddenly and responded, Sorry. sorry, this is what is humming! Standing up close, as we are, we cannot hear it as well but touch the slick white surface and you can feel the sound, and Sarge using your vernacular: I have no 'idee' (idea) what to make of the design."
Sarge grinned at Spooks use of the southern word for 'idea' as both he and the Captain reached out and cautiously, as if the object might shock, touched the dish looking phenomenon. Both nodded their heads in agreement with Spooks assessment, their hands told them the thing was humming all right. From what kind of material was it made? This they could not agree on. Sarge said maybe metal, Spook thought plastic. Little 'S' even threw some kind of polymer substance into the fray. Final analysis  they really didnt know.
Big S I believe this humming is the cause of the lack of animals and birds in this vicinity, what do you think, asked Spook? 
Probably right Spook, well one things for damn sure, this dish thing, covered with this camouflage netting, would never have been seen on any aerial photographs! Sarge commented as he turned and started walking back toward the house. Come on guys lets go find out whats in the big house.

*  *  *  *  *

Turning the corner of the house, at the now defused Ma Deuce machine gun emplacement, the ground they walked on suddenly rocked and undulated up and down mimicking a minor earthquake. Before the three had time to gather their thoughts to rationalize what was happening they were bombarded with an explosive roar and the awfulness of a tremendous blast of heat smashing into their bare faces.
The fierce force of the explosion knocked them flat upon the ground. Dust and debris rained down on them from the sky. Sarge and the Captain looked at each other, in total disbelief, they they were still alive  unbelievable! Spook, however, lay motionless where he fell, exhibiting no indication that he was still among the living.
Sarge managed to struggle to his knees first, rubbing the dust and dirt from his eyes he crawled over to where Spook lay prostrate. Sarge sighed with relief when he realized Spook was alive. He just had the wind knocked out of him. Sarge began checking his own body for injuries. He seemed in one piece and uninjured too. He checked Spook for the second time; he still seemed unharmed, likewise with Captain Scarburg. It was a miracle they were all unhurt.
Regaining their footing the three surveyed the immediate vicinity; a blue/black smoke with a familiar bituminous smell tinged with a soft pink color darkened the air in front of the two-storied house. This worried Sarge  he had seen the pink colored vapor earlier  it was a bad sign.
He inhaled its fumes  a slight hint of the smell of almonds. Sarges nose told him what the explosion was  Composition C4. He had smelled its deadly almond smell and experienced its astringent taste many times before. Now that he knew what caused the explosion, he had to find out its origin and to whom the atomized blood belonged that was now drifting aimlessly around the area at the beckon of the wind.

*  *  *  *  *

Earlier when they climbed over the dirt berm into the yard of the Pac Toul enclosure Sarge had noticed a small dug well centrally located in the midst of the village. He easily identified the well due to its wooden frame structure, roof and rope wound windless.
The area around the well took on the appearance of a bomb crater  bits of wood from the windless and pieces of rope lay burning, all strewn around and about the entire area. The well had been disintegrated into oblivion. Nothing remained but a huge smoke filled crater giving Sarge and the others the appearance that a small volcano had erupted in the yard.
Teach and the Scout were noticeably absent; both were curiously AWOL (Absent Without Leave).
The tremendous explosive noise was so loud people in Thailand probably glanced toward the South to ascertain the source of the sonic boom. Sarge scanned the moonscape like scene and feared the worse for his two friends.
The three walking toward the smoldering ruins of the water well began seeing scraps of green cloth (Army fatigues they reasoned), still smoldering. Flesh, bone and other gruesome blood soaked pieces of human anatomy that needs no further description lay everywhere. The clincher was the smoldering remnant of A Tree Grows in Brooklyn... the Betty Smith paperback that Teach had been reading. They now realized this debris was all that was left of Teach and Scout. 
Sarge now understood the source of the explosion, but he had to guess its cause. Wanting a cool drink of water brought Teach and the Scout over to the well. Knowing the well of water would be cool and refreshing one started cranking the windless to lower the bucket down into the well.
To avoid easy detectability a charge of C4 was hidden underneath the inside edge of the well probably containing a tripwire connected to the windless. Obviously it wasnt detected and just as obvious the person that set the charge used considerably more C4 than necessary based upon the size of the crater it created. "Damn," said Sarge, they must have used three or four sticks!!"
The rain, almost as hard as before, began blowing the smoke away from what used to be the well. It ceased being a well and was now nothing but a huge hole in the wet earth with no signs of Sarges missing men. Rain soaked, the three, stood on its rim looking down into the crater. Each, in their own way, offered a silent prayer to their fallen comrades.
Taking a closer look at the grief stricken individuals standing at the edge of the smoking abyss one would be able to recognize a simple tear swelling in the eyes corner. It has been said there is veneration in tears; they are not the sign of weakness, but of fortitude. They are the external expression of overwhelming sorrow and of angelic devotionand
 Sarge thought, now we are down to Three!

CHAPTER TWENTY- SEVEN

THE HOUSE 
After months of preparation, hours of flying time, daring night parachute jumps, trudges down muddy trails, mosquitoes infested swamps, fighting snakes, Russians and avoiding crocs the gallant men of SF OPS ODA-113 Code Name: Photo Search had begun its mission with all its high hopes, great expectations and 13 brave dedicated men. The time had finally arrived!!
Now only three remained to enter the house at Pac Toul to solve the riddle of The P.H.O.T.O.
Men such as: Staff Sergeant William Jesse James; Sergeant First Class Charles 'Doc Mayo' Hellmans; Sergeant First Class Thomas Bonnie Clyde; Sergeant First Class Thaddeus 'Teach' Collins; Sergeant First Class Jim Bo 'Tex' De Luca; and Five Daniel Boone ARVN scouts  now only three:  Sergeant First Class Robert Scarburg, Sr, Captain Robert Scarburg, Jr and Dr. Spurgeon Loo Kim remained alive to complete the mission.

*  *  *  *  *

Big S, Little S and Spook walked confidently toward the doors to the two-storied wood, stone and brick constructed French colonial plantation house. Painted in brilliant white it reminded Little S of the majestic old antebellum houses of the American south.
Side by side the three marched, defiantly, silently, resolutely up the five brick and stone steps leading to the huge Mahogany double doors. The front porch extended the entire length of the front and extended upwards two stories. It was supported by massive carved columns reminiscence of elegant days long ago.
Without a touch or even a glance at the doors handle Sarge took the entrance doors key - in the form of his big size twelve Corcoran jump boot and separated the doors from their hinges with one swift kick.
The fixation on the doors was so vivid in their minds the fear of booby traps or hidden explosives meant little at this moment in time. The three had been through so much, got involved in practically every adventure and stared death in the face so many times, kicking in that door at this moment was anti-climactic; it bothered them not in the least.
They were hoping some type of armed resistance would be on the other side of these huge doors. All they could think about was discovering the secret of The P.H.O.T.O. ... and now, most of all... payback... payback... for their ten companions lying, or parts of them lying, stone cold dead over a large portion of this wretched country. Payback!! Thats what they wanted PAYBACK...!!! PAYBACK...!!! 
Drenched soaking wet to the bone all three stepped through the open hole into the first floor of the house. They stood staring at one huge room, totally empty and encompassing the entire first floor. The air inside was cool but more importantly, at the moment, dry.
The ceiling ornately plastered in the French Renaissance style looked down on the uninvited guests from a height of two stories.
The second floor contained a beautiful white-railed mezzanine, which bounded three sides of the expansive room; the back and both sides. Ornately carved escutcheons that conspicuously decorated each supporting column around the entire upper floor walkway enhanced the beauty.
The cool inside air announced the building was air-conditioned but empty as a tomb  not one piece of furniture - no tables, no chairs, no rugs  nothing. Nothing... included the lack of decorations such as painting or shelving on the walls. Before being stripped the houses ostentatiousness implied the main house probably belonged to a wealthy French plantation owner.
The opulent floor, constructed of beautiful Mahogany wood planking, highly glossed and sporting a spit-polished shine announced in its glistening reflection a luxurious white marble staircase at the far end of the room. The stairs began at the gorgeous floor level and graciously curved to the luxuriant upper mezzanine. The gracefulness of its design only broken by a single landing, which divided the stairs into two sets; one ascending right and the other left, both culminating on the second story mezzanine. Along the mezzanine walkway could be seen a number of closed doors.

*  *  *  *  *

Something in this reflection caught Sarge and the Captains eye - a sign painted on the wall at the head of the stairs, directly above the landing.
The sign printed in French with bold black letters on a pure white-stuccoed wall read:

PHOTOGRAPHIQUES TELEMETRIQUE HISTOIRES DE PERSOnneL

The three stood mesmerized they seemed unable to move their transfixed eyes from the sign. at last Sergeant Scarburg  leader of the remainder of OPS 113 Photo Search team spoke up, Okay you two LINGUISTIC EXPERTS tell me what that sign says!
Captain Scarburg and Dr. Spurgeon Loo Kim conferred with each other for a couple of moments, turned and one of them said softly (as if someone might hear), which one actually related the words to MSG Scarburg is unknown but he said the best translation of the French sign into English was:

PHOTOGRAPHIC HISTORIES OF TELEMETRIC OCCURRENCES

Both agreed the translation might not be totally accurate since some of the French words used are archaic and not in common usage today. Sorry," said the Captain, thats about as good as we can get it.
Thats fine guys, Sarge stepped back and stared at the wall. Spook, would you do me a favor, go back out into the yard and find me a stick with plenty of burnt charcoal on it, would your please?
Quizzically Spook answered, "Okay Serge, right away. Spooks jungle boots made wet sloshing sounds as he hurried to the hole masquerading as the front doors. In the bat of an eye he returned with the requested item. Heres the stick Big S, presenting the burnt object to Sarge.
Spook would you do me one more favor?
Of course, tell me what you want, said Spook
Sarge said, Please take the piece of wood and write as you would with a piece of chalk your English translation beneath that French sign?
Spook without question, doing as Sarge asked, proceeded up the staircase to the center landing. He reached high with his blacken piece of chalk and wrote the English translation underneath the French text. Returning to stand with Sarge and the Captain they all gazed at the writings on the wall. Thanks Spook you did good.

*  *  *  *  *

Sarge hollered out loud, yes hollered,  Damn, I know the answer! You discovered the answer Spook, just now!!
Me Me Sarge I didnt say anything
No No Spook, your nickname, Spook, the one the guys gave you the first day at camp Polei Kleng, remember? Spook  SP from Spurgeon, the OO from Loo and the K from Kim, remember? Spook you are an expert in deciphering code look at those words you wrote on the wall: P for Photographic - H from Histories - O from Of - T from Telemetric and lastly the O from Occurrences. See...! See...! Damn dont you see it!!!  
P.H.O.T.O.

We found the answer...! Hell yes thats it P.H.O.T.O Now we have to find out what Photographic Histories of Telemetric Occurrences mean. I believe, since this floor is empty, our answers will be upstairs in the workroom as Sam confessed back in the cave.
Pop, take a look at the individual words  Photographic: that has to be something do with photographs; Histories: must be something in the past; Telemetric: transmitting of radio signals; Occurrences: something that occurred or happened. Put it all together I get: Transmitting by radio photographs something that happened in the past. Does that make any sense to you two?

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

THE EQUIPMENT ROOM
Gentlemen, the reason we came here, I believe, is up those stairs, Sarge said pointing his finger toward the marble staircase. We came to do a job and Ill be damned if we aint going to do it or die trying. Come on!
Turning he started up the stairs the other two seemingly mesmerized stood looking at the sign and did not move. Get youre asses in gear! The worst that can happen is we get killed, but whats new! Come on mount up!
The word kill shook them out of their momentary trance and they fell in behind Sarge and cautiously began working their way up the stairs. When the landing was reached, Sarge said to the Captain and Spook, You two go up those stairs," pointing to the left staircase,  "and Ill go up this side. Check all the rooms. Find out whats here, holler out if you discover anything. With these instructions the three began their exploration of the upper floor of the Pac Toul mansion.
The only noise Sarge could hear as he guardedly walked from the top of the stairs was the creaking... squeaking... sound of the hard leather soles of his big number 12s on the gorgeous wooden floored mezzanine.
The first door he approached, he opened cautiously - remembering the experience with the Ma Deuce and the drinking well downstairs. He turned, before stepping into the room, and glanced across the wide expanse of nothingness to the mezzanine on the other side of the wide room.
He could see Little S and Spook gently opening the door they first approached with as much, if not more, caution as Sarge had just done. Sarge thought with a slight grin, funny how the almond smell of C4 will put a little caution back into your step.
Sarge guardedly pushed the door slightly open, slid his hands along the edge of the door checking for trip wires. Finding none he gently tiptoed into the room.
He eyes darted right and left like an animal seeking its prey  those eyes were surveying every inch of the room, including checking behind the door. He could see no one in the room. The air felt cooler than the mezzanine air and contained a strong odor of chemicals and a musty smell reminiscent of wet newspapers. Surprised Sarge could see that this side of the building was only one big, long air-conditioned room.
Sarge, still wearing his damp fatigues, felt the shudder of a chill encompass his body as he entered the coolness. He reasoned the rooms temperature had to be at least ten degrees colder than the air out on the mezzanine. He caught himself grinning as his thought, Who would believe I found an air-conditioned, 60 degree room in a building in the wilds of Cambodia with an average annual temperature of 90 degrees, hundreds of miles from the nearest electric outlet?
The additional doors down the length of the interior wall were only different entrance points to this one big room. He supposed, sometime in the past, this large room had been divided into a number of smaller ones and the separating walls had been removed to make this one narrow but long workroom.
Carefully surveying the room Sarge could see the 'workroom' was filled with a multitude of equipment and devices totally unfamiliar to him. The machines still warm, purring and each emitting heat  justifying the need for the additional air-conditioning. The only things in the room he recognized were the boxes and boxes of newspaper clippings and photographs. Damn it to hell! Here's the photographs! thought Sarge. How many thousands are in those boxes, no not thousands it must be tens of thousands!
He stopped at one box, on the end had been neatly printed some information in an unfamiliar language. One word printed in ink then a long blank line. Upon this line was written, again words in a language he did not recognize, something resembling typing but clearly handwritten,
How odd, Sarge thought.
He dug into one box and pulled out photograph after photograph  some were of people, some were historic events, others appeared to be groups of people.
The age of the subjects varied  young children, old adults, political figures, current events and photographs from long ago. Pictures from as old as the Civil War and as recent as the things taking place in current day Vietnam. Boxes and boxes all appearing identical on the outside, but with different pictures and different subjects inside and the words or symbols on the end of the boxes changed with each box.
"Hummm," Sarge thought, If this were a movie ominous music would be playing about now.

*  *  *  *  *

As Sarge worked his way down the side of the wall, being ever so diligent looking for hidden explosives, he discerned a slight noise! What was that? Sarge thought, the wind outside? No, that sound came from inside this room! But where? 
He, with a deliberate slow and silent motion, slipped his M-16 from his shoulder, flipped the safety to the Off position and started surveying the room, inch by inch, rifle in the ready to fire position. All the objects in the room, the equipment, the furniture, everything rested on open legged tables and the boxes were neatly arranged on the floor next to the wall.
Looking around he could see no hiding place for anyone; however, the noise did sound strangely humanlike.
Sarge had spent many years training his cat-like ears to pick-up the slightest noise, whether by man or animal. He had depended upon this keen ability to hear, even the minute whisper of a sound, to keep him alive and it had never failed him - and right now this sense and his gut told him something wasnt right. Both his keen ears and his gut had never let him down yet!

*  *  *  *  *

Noticing at the far end of the room, in the corner abutting the exterior wall, another door  opposite the mezzanine wall, leading perhaps into a storage closet. 'If someone is in this room that is the only place they could be hiding,' he thought.
Slowly, silently, and very deliberately he moved toward the door. His M-16 - finger on the trigger. He was taking small sliding sideward steps keeping his body turned so he could easily see to his left, back where he had just came from, or to his right where he was headed, and his back was to the mezzanine wall.
Approaching the door, he held his breath, and listened intently to ascertain if anyone or anything was inside.
Nothing then a slight exhale of air from somethings lungs  human? Yes... he believed so - he could tell whomever it came from was breathing, and this breathing posed a danger to him.
Shouldering his rifle, ready to fire, he commanded in Vietnamese Nguoi co (Who is there?), no response. He then tried the same Who is there in French Qi est la, still no response. Speaking, this time, in Vietnamese Di ra (Come out), still he was getting no reply; however, he did hear some movement behind the door. Calling out in French Sortir (Come out), was getting him nowhere and he was not about to turn the handle on the door.
Erring on the cautious side he stepped back a step, pulled his rifle down to hip level aimed at the center of the door and pulled the trigger on his fully automatic rifle. In a flash his trusty ol' Colt M-16A1 had emptied an entire magazine full of 5.56mm FMJ (full metal jacket) bullet holes in the closet door. Spent shell casings were cascading onto the floor in handfuls. He had turned the simple wooden closet door into an object resembling Swiss cheese.

*  *  *  *  *

Please, no shoot! No shoot, me come out!
It appeared to be a boys voice, young sounding and slightly effeminate at that. Sarge reached for the door handle and opened the squeaky hinged door. He saw nothing but bullet holes in the rear of the closet. A shelf of broken bottles, what recently looked and smelt like cleaning solution, was pouring out their contents upon the floor.
Suddenly he saw the origin of the youthful voice nestled down in a far corner of the closet; it was a young boy, curled up in a ball with both hands covering the hat on his head. Please no shoot me? he pleaded.
Hearing the sound of running boots on the mezzanine Sarge turned to see both Little S and Spook bursting into the room with their own M-16s drawn into the ready to fire position.
Sarge held up his hand, motioning them to stop, the two of them abruptly changed from a full run to a complete halt.
Sensing Sarges attention was distracted by Little S and Spook the person hiding in the closet sprang to his feet like a caged tiger unleashing on Sarge a series of Karate blows knocking Sarge from the closet door back into the room.
Once outside the closet the boy crouched into the standard Karate Kobo-do Kamae forward fighting position. He had his knees slightly bent, right hand in front balled into a loose fist held between his eyes and mouth, left hand held against left cheek. His dark almond shaped eyes could barely be seen below the hat he was wearing. He said defiantly, I beat you ass, I black belt!
Sarge laughed, Hell Son, you couldnt beat your way out of a paper sack. Black belt, huh Im an OD belt. Know what an OD (Olive Drab) belt is? Without waiting for the boy to answer Sarge said, I have a 36 green Army pistol belt around my waist that Im about to beat the shit out of you with it unless you settle down. Were not here to hurt you  weve come to help!  
Whats all the shooting about, Pop?
Come here you two and see this tough s.o.b. Ive found! Sarge said motioning them forward. At the same time he extended his big rough hand toward the young boy and said, Son, dont be afraid! Im not going to hurt you. Come on over here, lets talk. I dont fell like whuppin the hell out of you just yet.
The boy took his hand and Sarge directed him out of his crouched fighting position in the corner of the room back into the bright light of the lab.
He was a young Asian kid, perhaps in his mid twenties, with coal black hair, dark eyes and smooth lemon colored skin. He was dressed in a solid white jump suit that covered his slight 52 build. Over the left pocket were sewn two blue oval patches one with the same three yellow pyramids and lightning bolt the other the face, lion, cow and bird embroidered design as found on the white dish outside. The right pocket had a similar blue oval patch with only two yellow unidentifiable symbols (probably a nametag).
Who are you? they all asked at about the same time.
What are you doing here? this time Sarge got the words in first.
My name is Ling Lu, he said with head bowed in respect.
Mr. Ling Lu I am Master Sergeant Robert Scarburg, 5th Special Forces, United States Army; this here is Captain Scarburg of the 5th also and Dr. Spurgeon Loo Kim. We are not here to harm you we only need some information on this place.
Sergeant, the boy said, I much frightened, how can I be sure you be who you say you are? I just work-boy here in building I know nothing!
Son, right now you will have to take my word for it. If I wanted to hurt you I would have killed you in the closet. Now tell us what you are doing here?
Certainly, be sure, I glad tell you everything I know much but first maybe I have drink water  I have been in closet all night all day nothing to eat nothing to drink.
Of course, Im sorry! Sarge said handing him a canteen of water.

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

THE LABORATORY
Sarge approaching the strange boy, extended his hand again, cleared his throat, and said, Nice to meet you Mr. Lu, they call me Big S; the gentlemen on my right, is my son, we call him Little S; and the final member of our team is Dr. Kim, we call him Spook. Pulling his hand back from the introductions, Sarge couldnt help but notice that Mr. Lus hands were soft and supple, not the hands of a working-boy. Something in his gut was telling him there was more to Mr. Lu than met the eye.
Those are names? Who name people such names? the lad asked.
Laughing Sarge replied, No they are just nicknames.
The boy smiled and said, You Americans have funny customs!
Sarge suggested, since they had not eaten since yesterday, they find an empty table and break out some PIRs and C-rats (rations). Looking around the room he found a working Bunsen burner (weird he thought, everything in this lab is still operating, even the lights and air conditioning). He opened a couple of packs of instant coffee; the Captain supplied a couple more. After finding a clean beaker; he soon had coffee brewing.
They sat around the table sharing their meager fare with their newfound acquaintance. They could hardly contain their excitement about finding him. He could tell them more about Pac Toul than they could ever uncover on their own in a week. Unfortunately they didnt have a week - they would be very lucky if they had the rest of the day.
That Blue Bereted son-of-a bitch was still out there somewhere. Remembering they had only found the Russian Colonels blue blood soaked beret, but not the Colonel himself. He and his cavalry could return at any time Sarge thought.
As they ate the Cs and sipped the hot coffee they all began to feel better. Their clothes were drying, the hot coffee had knocked the chill off and the food boosted their spirits; but they couldnt afford to get too comfortable  they still had a job to do.
Sarges gut feeling had to be satisfied. Mr. Lu," he said, thats a fine looking hat, could I see it please?
Hathat. No sorry old Cambodia man custom never remove hat in company of strangers!
Hummm   Sarge said, heard lots of old Asian customs, but never that one. Looking directly at his son, he quickly said, Throw me his cap Little SNOW! Unhesitatingly Little S grabbed Mr. Lus cap before he could reach up and grab it and tossed it to Sarge. As he did so the most beautiful, luxurious, shiny jet-black hair cascaded down his shoulders and onto the back of the white overalls.  
Well Ill be a moneys uncle, Little S said surprised, Mr. Lu your not a man at all your a girl!
A girl she was  - a gorgeous young Asian woman, perhaps 25 years old with silky shoulder length jet-black hair. Nestled in the smoothest lemon colored skin Sarge had ever seen were two of the most beautiful dark eyes imaginable. Sarge thought. in the US of A this girl would be on the cover of a magazine.
Whats the meaning of this, why the subterfuge?
I'm sorry..., she said dropping the fake accent. I was afraid; one never knows whom to trust around here. Im sorry but as a young woman I couldnt let my gender be discovered until I was sure who you guys were.  
The Captain began the interrogation. First he wanted to know some details about her: who she was, where was her home and how did she get to Pac Toul?
I am from the Republic of China, the area which you call Taiwan. I speak basic Mandarin, French and English. I go, no the right word is went, to the National Tsing Hua University. I earned a Masters in Chemistry and a BE (Bachelor of Engineering), of all things, in Mechanical Engineering. Well I suppose the word go IS correct I am pursuing further degrees that I hope to obtain someday. Oh yeah, and I hold a Black Belt in Karate!
Your a little late for that tidbit of knowledge, Sarge moaned rubbing his ribs.
The Captain continued, How did you end up here?
Miss Lu began her story, at the very beginning, by stating hers was an almost unbelievable saga, unless you had been present to witness it in person, one would doubt the veracity of the tale.
She emphatically stated what she was about to relate sounded like science fiction. Later, after her story ended, she would demonstrate all the fantastic feats of science that she was about to talk about; and this, she said, would prove dramatically how authentic the story was she was telling.
Begin Miss Lu at the beginning and dont leave a word out, this is captivating beyond my wildest dreams. We possess extensive backgrounds in engineering and telecommunication. Get as technical as you want. Were here to learn, said Captain Scarburg.
Miss Lus exquisite beauty did not go un-noticed by Spook, stammering he muttered out, Miss Lu. Miss Lu yes. Yes You are I mean I agree!

*  *  *  *  *

She started out rather slowly, picking her words very carefully thinking they might believe that she was not being quite honest with them. But as the story deepened she spoke more freely. This was almost verbatim the story she told:
She began by stating two of  les hommes en argent, (the silver men) as she would refer to the ones who ran this Pac Toul facility, first approached her in the Universitys Physics lab on the her universitys main campus. She was working on a program concerning chemical composition of radiographic images for her professor. The professor was trying to convert a basic photographic process into, what he called, pixels. He was trying to convert the photographic information that was represented by a fluctuating wave into something he was calling digital datum represented by 1s and 0s. I dont understand the entire process the professor was attempting but I have learned a lot about his work since coming here. These silver men are working on some of the same concepts; however they are far more advanced.
The professor believed, and she did too, photography had to be one of the greatest inventions in the whole of history. We take it for granted but the world is perceived through pictures, she said.
So, said Spook, you attended the University working with your professor on some higher principles of the photoelectric properties of photography and two silver men came to visit. What happened next?
Funny, this is where things gets scary! Our University has government contracts both with the Chinese and the United States. The projects we worked on, as you could imagine, fell into the highly classified area. Entrance to the labs is extremely restrictive. Identification badges must to be worn at all times. We must past not one, but two different guard stations before getting into the lab area. Hearing no one approach, I turned around from my workbench and there they stood! I was startled. No not just startled - they scared the hell out of me!
Spook anxiously awaiting the next word breathlessly asked, Yeah... yeah, what happened next?
Well, said Miss Lu, they indicated I would be coming to work for them; now there was no asking or requesting or even a please, but even stranger. they never spoke a word to me!
Hold on, said the Captain, you just said they approached you and spoke to you!
No, what I said was they indicated I would be coming to work for them, but they never uttered a word from their mouths. It was as if I had earphones on and could hear their words inside my head. Their mouths never moved! In fact they have NO MOUTHS to move. Their craniums were elongated with large black almond shaped eyes. We call them the silver men or les hommes en argent since everyone here at Pac Toul communicates in French, but the silver is only their clothes or uniforms, their skins are a gray, ashen color.    
I glanced away from them for a moment and felt faint then everything went dark, although it was mid-day. When the lights came back on and I was beginning to come to I was inside, what I thought was an airplane. I found out airplane was an understatement.
What do you mean Miss Lu? Please explain what it looked like! questioned Spook.
Well, Ill do the best I can  I dont remember much about the inside. As I stepped down a set of stairs that descended from the center of the craft the cool fresh outside air smacked me in the face and I regained my full senses. Walking away from the craft I turned and looked back and what I saw was scary! I mean spooky scary!
Describe it!!! Asked Little S. What did you see?
Okay, here goes: it was a huge circular disk approximately, Im going to guess, 100 in diameter. Did I say it was huge, okay if not Ill say it again HUGE. Just like everyone who has seen an U.F.O says, it was like two china saucers sitting rim to rim, one flipped upside down on the other. Here its hard to explain  think of the circular body divided into four sections. The first, or bottom section, would be the upright china saucer. The other upper portion, the over-turned saucer, was made up of three separate sections or rings.
I need to tell you about its covering. The bottom saucer ring was spinning  I mean really spinning  causing a loud humming noise. It reminded me of standing next to a rushing waterfall, or the crashing of waves on a rough beach. As this bottom ring spun, it glowed bright orange that appeared to be hot; however, I didnt feel any heat emanating from it but I could feel the rush of air it caused. The really strange thing was the static electricity that jumped from it to the ground. It danced all around the craft. These electric sparks caused a loud crackling noise. Since the Earth is negative charged I assume the craft must be positively charge, at least that fiery looking ring was.
The first section, above this bright orange spinning section was a silver color. But, not aluminum, Im thinking it was more like platinum! I thought of manganese or chromium, but no, Im sticking with platinum. It was stationary and did not move. 
The most interesting feature on it was the four large portholes along the front, each circular and about 3 in diameter. Inside I could see one of the visitors at each porthole, dressed in golden suits, sitting in seats staring out.
In between each porthole was a column, appeared to be plastic or glass but whatever - they were transparent tubes about 1 wide and 5 high that had lightning running up and down inside these tubes.
How many tubes were there, and what did they do?
Let me think  five, yeah five. One between each of the four portholes, thats three and one on the right and one on the left of the end portholes, would make five.
If I forget, remind me to tell you another fact about this ring later.
Oh, what did the tubes do you ask? Scientifically speaking - little bolts of lightning ran up and down them...! Seriously though, I have no idea what purpose they served! Oh, almost forgot, over each porthole was a symbol:  the first one had the outline of a man' face; the second looked like a lion; the third had, I guess, a cow and the last one was an image of a bird!
One of them asked, What did these symbols mean?
Simple answer: Didnt know then and dont know now!
Over the porthole ring was another ring exactly the same width as the porthole ring. But this ring was gold colored, gold plated or who knows  it might have been made of gold!
The final ring extended up to the top of the craft where a large, what appeared to be an observation dome, was located. This ring was gold too but the dome was not. It was transparent like glass but tinted shiny blue. It was hard to see through the tinting but there was a visitor sitting up there too in a gold colored spacesuit watching every move I made. There was some type of internal light shining on him from, what I guess, was an instrument panel that caused him to be more illuminated than those at the portholes. The lights shining on his golden suit gave the impression that he was on fire. Maybe the four at the portholes had theirs lights turned off, I dont know. 
During the time I have been here I have determined their leaders wear the gold uniforms  reminds me of gold tinfoil, the others wear silver uniforms. The golden boys must be the ones that fly the craft too because the ones I saw in the portholes and the one in the observation dome were all dressed in this gold tinfoil type material.
Was the saucer floating or hovering? one of guys asked.
No it was sitting on legs  four of them. Now, Im glad you asked  these babies WERE weird! They were like struts wide at the top and narrow at the bottom that came down an attached to a round stationary wheel. At the point where the strut joined the wheel was a ball-joint type fixture that divided into two parts, forming what looked like a inverted V  this wheel did not turn and was mounted on a 90 degree axis to the center of another wheel just below, which did rotate. The top wheel had no spokes the bottom wheel did  7 spokes to a wheel. The whole wheel assembly could rotate at the juncture of the strut to the main body of the craft. It was a wheel within in a wheel. Reminded me of a gyroscope. The rim of the bottom wheel was surrounded with round shiny studs or cleats about 5 or 6 in diameter, a couple of inches apart and stuck out at least a couple of inches.
How big were the wheels? Little S asked.
Id guess the top wheel was about 6 in diameter and the bottom, bigger, Ill say maybe 8 or 10. The whole craft sat about 15to 20 off the ground.
Around the whole craft was an eerie blue glow and I got the whiff of ionized air, I guess the whirling ring caused it. Thats about it guys, best I can do.
You said to remind you about one of the rings, they asked.
Oh yeah, the ring above the portholes, the first gold one - when I went upstairs into the building I slipped over to one of the windows and the craft was still sitting there. The bottom ring had stopped spinning and the humming roar had stopped too. The gold ring above the portholes had dropped down and now covered the entire ring that contained the portholes. Right in the center of this closed ring was another blue oval with three gold colored pyramids joined with a white bolt of lightning.
Miss Lu apologized, Im sorry guys I let my engineering degree get me carried away! I want to think I passed out and dreamed all this, but I really do not believe I did.
The Captain spoke, Miss Lu, your throwing some heavy stuff on us. How long has it been since you got off that craft? 
We have no calendars, and arent allowed watches, radios, newspapers or television either, but I would guess at least six or seven months. she responded. I dont even know WHERE I am. I just assumed they gave me an injection or sprayed me with some type of sleeping gas that knocked me out then they moved me to this place, I guess, to a different location in Taiwan.
Miss Lu Miss Captain Scarburg softly spoke trying not to alarm her,  I hate to be the bearer of bad news you are not in Taiwan.
Im not? Where am I?
 You are in Cambodia! 
No no this cannot be Cambodia? She began to cry.
There, there, Miss Lu everything is going to be fine now that you have thrown in with us. We will make sure you stay safe.
Who else works with you? And how many of these silver men are there? Where are they now? asked the Captain trying to calm her down and reassure her of her safety.
The people working here with me are very nice - but they are in the same predicament as I. They were abducted to come here to work too. I know at least two of them are Americans, and there are some from Japan and some other people, I believe are Germans. They are from everywhere. How many of our captors are there? I know exactly, Ive counted them so many times - there are 21 of them.
The Captain asking one more question, Miss Lu, the other prisoners here what type of training do they have?
They are all scientists. Their fields varied but most are, as far as I can tell, experts in, radio, television, electronics some are physicists, and I know one is an astronomer. Some of the others, I either can not remember or never knew.  
Spook jumped in, Thats okay Miss Lu, where are those other scientists now?

*  *  *  *  *

During the night when all the shooting and gunfire was occurring in the swamp the les hommes en argent got nervous and kept constantly communicating back and forth with each other. When they talk to each other we captives cannot hear what they say; even when they are standing next to us talking to each other, we hear nothing but silence. About 3 or 4 am this morning I heard a loud purring sound, reminded me of a cat but more mechanical sounding. Looking out the window toward the left rear I saw that same craft object I described earlier floating or hovering about 5 or 6 feet off the ground, and a ladder was sticking out the bottom.
Hold on Miss Lu, are you telling us this object was the same one that brought you here - the flying saucer?
Captain Im not calling it anything, Im just telling you what I saw and yes it was the same one or one just like it! Next thing I saw our captors starting herding everyone out of the building into that round polished gold/platinum looking thing.
Spook asked, How many other workers are there and why didnt you go?
Miss Lu said, I realized they were taking them somewhere so with all the hustle and bustle, the shooting, the scrambling around, no-one noticed me get into the closet and squat down in the corner. I put my hands over my head and shut my eyes. The machine made a roaring noise as it left. Similar to the sound a jet engine makes, but not quite as loud though. Oh, yeah, how many workers? There are twenty other captors, not counting myself. 
I listened to the gunfire getting closer, could feel the building shake when the explosions went off, but I just kept hiding in my closet until Sarge shot the hell out of it, scaring the shit out of me!
Sorry bout that Miss Lu, Sarge mumbled.
Spook said, Miss Lu, are you saying the flying saucer can accommodate 42 persons?
Well, there are twenty-one of us, and twenty-one of them, so yeah, I suppose they were going to put me in there too. That would make 42, but hell you could put twice that many people in that thing easily.

*  *  *  *  *

Did these people ever tell you anything about themselves? Where they are from? Why they are here? Anything? asked Little S, falling back into his Intelligence Officer role.
No, they never discussed their personal lives. Except once when one of them was giving me some work assignments  he (it) slipped and said they had come to Earth before. 
When? How many times? 
He didnt say  but I could tell by the way he acted I wasnt supposed to know that information. This same fellow seemed to like me and was very kind  saying please when asking tasks to be performed, not demanding as the others do. He never seemed to get agitated, like some of the other visitors would. But as a whole the the silver men treated us decently  the food is good and we are furnished clean clothes and decent sleeping quarters. Although their mannerisms are different from ours I believe they are not dangerous. The only reason I stayed here, well a couple of reasons:  first I liked the research I was doing and the knowledge I was obtaining and second I didnt know which way to go to escape. Although I thought I was in my own country we're still in the middle of nowhere!
 One strange thing happened to me one day that I need to tell you about.
What? What? This is exciting.
He and I were working on a project of theirs and he approached me, when no one was around, held out his hand to me. It contained something that he wanted me to have. I took it from him and later, when alone, looked at the object. It was a scrap of plastic sheeting with some numbers on it that made no sense to me.
Do you still have this piece of plastic? Little S excitedly asked.
Yes its right here hidden in my notebook, she said as she pulling the small folded sheet from her documents and handed it to the Captain. Sarge and Spook crowded around Little S to get a better look at what the piece of plastic contained. Little S slowly removed the mysterious sheet of plastic and written on it were these words:

 1st Section, Book 26, Chapter 1, Paragraphs 5  26

Taking the scrap of plastic from Little S Sarge was the first to speak, Did he tell you what this meant? 
Miss Lu shook her head no.
Do you have any idea what it is about?
Again she said no. You guys got any ideas? Little S and Spook both shrugged their shoulders.
Sarge finished by stating the obvious, Its got to be important or he wouldnt have taken the risk to past it on to you Miss Lu, well just have to figure it out.  Just on its merits it is saying something is probably written in Paragraphs 5-26 of Chapter 1, Book 26 of Section 1, which might explain who 'the silver men', are. Now aint that something! Miss Lu is there a library anywhere in this building, or a collection of books?
Sorry, no  I have never seen anything like that.
 Sarge finishing with the small piece of, what appeared to be cellophane, noticed that unfolded it displayed no fold marks. Walking over to Little S he asked, Son, fold this sheet, tightly, and place it on the palm of your hand.
What you gone nuts Pop?
No, please, just do it  I want to try something.
Little S reluctantly complied but astonishingly, when placed upon his palm, the plastic unfolded, by itself, into its original flat sheet-like condition. Get your knife and cut off a corner, requested Sarge. Little S tried but the plastic would not cut. Here, take my Zippo and see if the corner will burn. Little S flipped open the Zippo lighter, using his thumb he struck the little wheel and a spark ignited the wick. Holding the flame to the cellophane-like sheet did nothing  it would not burn. Hummm wont fold up, wont cut and it cant be burned. This damn piece of whatever is practically indestructible! I wonder what it is? he said as he put it into his ruck.

*  *  *  *  *

Okay, enough of that, said the Captain, now tell us more about this place.
All right, as I said, the professor thought photography had to be one of the greatest inventions ever and going back to basic high school physics he understood when simple film is exposed to light a chemical record of the light is captured, the process involves many very small light-sensitive particles which are in a solution, or chemical on the film. These little particles undergo a change when hit by light. Once developed other chemicals react with the light-sensitive ones. 
After I started working here I learned when you take a photograph a moment in time is frozen  a vast amount of data, that we never knew about, is stored in the visible light reflected from what ever object was in view. I wish Professor Lee had just an inkling of the datum the photographs contained.
Light is made up of photons. The theory is they move though space as electromagnetic waves. Without going into some technical data, Ill say photons are made up of atoms, and they possess frequencies too. These les hommes en argent have figured out how to tap into these sub-atomic particles and convert them into words.
Captain Scarburg jumped in, You mean convert them into pictures. You said words by mistake.
No words, is correct. Ill explain: when a light wave strikes an object, depending upon the energy of the light wave, remember this you guys: the energy of the light wave, the frequency which electrons vibrates in the material will depend on the type material. The amount of external energy applied will determine if the light wave can hold on to its electrons and not produce protons of light. Guys, right now, forget everything you ever knew about photons and photography; this stuff we do is way out there in fiction land. It is beyond what you know as reality.
The main thing the les hommes en argent  are interested in is what happens when light hits an object and light is reflected. Some atoms in certain materials have loosely held electrons. The photographs atoms hold many free electrons that readily jump from one atom to another within the same material. When hit, again with enough energy, these energized electrons start vibrating and will come back out of the object as a light wave with the same frequency as the incoming wave. She finally stopped for a minute to catch her breath.
At this break, Sarge said,  All of this particle, atom shit is giving me a headache. He got up from the table saying he needed a Winston. He walked out the door, onto the mezzanine, down the stairs and across the floor to the outside morning air. Mumbling all along, Im leaving all this techno crap to the two pointy heads in that lab! Well from the sound of her the three pointy heads up there!
After Sarge left, Miss Lu began taking again, You both understand light possesses properties of both a wave and a particle. As a particle photons of light exhibit both wavelength and amplitude frequencies. Photons have no mass but we know when light strikes any surface, the surface emits electrons called photoelectrons.  
We constructed a vacuum chamber allowing a picture to be inserted into one end; at the other end is a complicated apparatus called a Photoelectron Collector. Focus a laser beam of light and a tremendous amount of energy, remember I told you about the energy of the light wave this is where it is used, on the object, in our case a picture; photoelectrons are released and will move toward the collector at the other end.
Next a current is created in the wires that connect the two ends; once the photoelectrons are collected they are re-assembled to re-create the slightly altered original picture. There are a couple of complicated instruments; one is called an 'Optical Homodyne Imaging Detector'. Inside this machine the end result happens but time does not permit detailed explanation at this time. Gentlemen this is merely a kindergarten version of the science that is being performed inside this machine. I emphasize, they use a tremendous amount of electricity to perform these tasks.
Captain Scarburg spoke, So you are telling us you can transmit pictures over a distance using this collector thing?
"Captain, transmitting of data is already being accomplished everyday, this is multitudinous more complex than that. When I arrived I had to piece together most of what went on here; I believe, these 'silver men started out, like you said trying to broadcast pictures, not like our television, but somehow different.
I really believe it was more than over the air transmission; they were sending information in something they call digital format. They named the units of data bits and assign binary values of 1 or 0, just like my professor was trying to do. They then combine the bits into bytes, which can represent single characters of text or individual dots on photographs that they call pixels. A name they stole from my professor. I do not know if I told them or they read my mind but they further developed my professors 1s and 0s concept but I truly believe they already possessed the technology for the transmitting of information, they were working on something bigger, much bigger!
The Captain spoke looking puzzled, This knowledge is big!
As the saying goes, Oh, you aint seen nothin yet, Miss Lu said. These people along with our help have developed a method to not only to send a picture but they have discovered, down on the sub-atomic level, additional data stored on these pictures when they were taken.
Spook said to Miss Wu, You lost me there!
Thanks, Dr. Kim, Ive been lost with their technology for a long time. I found out they have broken atoms down to what we always thought was the atoms basic level  the electron, neutron and protons.  
The  les hommes en argent have discovered electrons, neutrons and protons ARE NOT the basic building blocks of atoms they have found that information is stored deeper within atomic particles, the Nano area, as they call it. They have learned how to retrieve this information and manipulate it for their own use.
Spook mumbles, Ive got two doctorates and Im still lost, the Nano what?

*  *  *  *  *

Okay, I dont exactly understand what they do or how it is done but in simple English they have tapped into a whole new dimension of particle knowledge science never knew existed.
Someday this will be a whole new field of scientific study.
As I said 'the silver men call it Nanotechnology. What I actually do understand, and this is going to blow your socks offsee all those boxes and boxes of photographs along the wall? The Captain and Spook both nod in agreement.
They can insert any photograph from any one of those boxes into one of their machines. And, you all have already found, Im sure, the large power plant outside they use to charge the photo with hundreds of thousands of volts of electricity. This huge electrical charge causing the sub-atomic particles to separate these Nano particles they discovered or already knew about - of course without actually splitting the atom (that would be bad) and it appears on the other end as the original photograph but but wwwwith sssssomething  eeeelse..
What...! What...! Tell us!!!! Both of them said excitedly. They sensed this was something big! 
What else appears on the photographs?

*  *  *  *  *

Sound! Sound and movement. They get both sound and movement from photographs!
Hold up for a second, the Captain said as he got up and hurriedly walked out onto the mezzanine. Looking toward the hole at the front door he yelled, Pop! Pop! His voice echoed in the large open chamber as he yelled again, Damn it, POP where are you? His voice echoing even louder this time..
Sarge sticks his head inside and yells back, What! What the hell do you want?
Little S said, Get back up here, quick, Miss Lu has something you need to listen to!
As Sarge walks back through the hole imitating the front door, he flicks his un-smoked cigarette butt out into the front yard and thinks, I hope this isnt more atom particle junk, they ought to understand by now I dont grasp nothin about such stuff!
Sarge walks back into the room, pulls out a chair which makes a terrible screeching noise as the metal legs slides across the floor and then he tries to sit down as quietly as possible.
Miss Lu slightly annoyed continues,  I said these les hommes en argent insert a photograph into one end of these machines and retrieve a copy of the picture on the other end, but when the finished product emerges it is complete with its own movie track! They are getting the actual words that were being spoken at the time the photographer took the picture!!!!
Now THIS did peek Sarges interest, Words? Words? What kind of words?
I do not know how to explain the process any plainer, Ill just have to show you. With this she got up from the table and moved over to one of the big metal machines - there were four of them. Sarge thought they reminded him of old pinball machines, in a funny kind of way.

*  *  *  *  *

She asked them to gather around the machine to observe the demonstration. Once all four had assembled around the device Miss Lu asked Spook if he would be so kind to get her a photograph from one of the boxes. Any box, it does not matter, and any photograph that he chooses would be fine.
Dr. Kim rummaged around in the boxes looking at first one then another picture. He would stare intently at one shake his head and toss it back but after a number of discards he finally settling on the one, a photograph with a caption which read President Abraham Lincoln reviewing Antietam battle field with Allen Pinkerton and Major General John A. McClernard, Oct 3,1862.
He thought if she gets anything from this picture I will be surprised, its over a hundred years old! 
Walking across the room, not toward Miss Lu, but directly to Little S, Take a look at this, what do you think? said Spook handing the Captain the picture. Spook had already learned, in addition to his scholarly knowledge, Little S considered himself quite an amateur historian  the War Between the States as he referred to the Civil War, being a favorite of his.
Little S grasped the photo, walked over to a good light source, and surveyed the picture quite absorbedly.
Little S motioned for Big S to come view their find. When the three of them had their heads close together, Little S, sighing, then and in a hushed voice so that Miss Lu wasnt able to hear their conversation said, Well, this picture is the real thing. This is a photograph taken after the Battle of Antietam. Ahem, he said, as we in the South refer to it as the Battle of Sharpsburg; as I recall, the battle took place in September of 62  the man on the left in the derby hat is Alan Pinkerton, he started the Secret Service; of course everyone recognizes Ol Abe Lincoln in the middle who had come to survey the battlefield; and the general on the right, I suppose based upon the caption, is General McClernard; however, Im not too familiar with him.
I have seen this picture many times before - this is quite a famous photograph and the photographer was none other than the distinguished Civil War photographer, Mathew B. Brady; however, lets not provide Miss Lu with any more information than she needs. Turning to her he asked,  "Miss Lu do you have a pair of scissors?
Well, let me think, yes, I think so, Captain. There should be a pair in the work desk behind you, she said pointing at the desk with her finger. The Captain retrieved the scissors and neatly removed the caption identifying the photograph and he, sighing, handed it to Miss Lu.
First, she said, the photograph must to be processed through the Magnetic Synchronizer or as we call it the Magsync. Im just a chemist, so I cannot begin to explain the theory behind how it works. I have heard others here say the Magsync manipulates atoms on the molecular level, in this Nano area.
Whatever happens prepares the photograph to allow sounds and images to be extracted. In scientific terms  it just works. The team, to which I am assigned, never worked on the Magnetic Synchronizer. Im sorry I cannot tell you more about how it performs, whatever it does. All I know is it uses a tremendous amount of energy too.
She smoothed the photo out, straightens the corners and carefully inserted it, face down, into the adjustable picture size slot at the front of the Magnetic Synchronizer, pushed a quarter-sized button and almost instantly the original emerged from a slot next to the one she just used. The photograph is next inserted into a second slot, face side down again; she flips a switch; pushes a couple of buttons with strange symbols or writings on them; lights on the device started blinking and the machine began to hum. 
The three men looked at each other, all were thinking the same thought. that sound this machine was making was exactly the same humming sound that big white disc thing out by the river makes.
In just a few seconds Miss Lu walked from the head of, what could be called the front, of the device to its rear and presses a switch. This switch had those odd looking symbols on it too.
Immediately, upon touching the button, a little drawer about  inch thick and about five inches wide slowly and silently slid out. Lying on the little emerging shelf could be seen a round glistening object resembling a round thin piece of lustrous silver metal.
She reached down and picked up the shiniest circular metal-like disk that any of them had ever seen. Sarge immediately thought of a highly polished metal 45-rpm record, but totally slick. It was lacking grooves and was about half the size of a vinyl record.
Each in turn wanted to feel and touch the beautiful round marvelous object and identify the composition material. Their first thought - metal - no, plastic - no, it must be some type of unknown polymer substance. The little circular disc felt extremely light and when held up in front of their faces their images were as plain as if they were viewing themselves in a mirror.
 After removing the little metal-disc from the first machine and letting the men examine it she then used the disc to perform a procedure in another smaller machine by pressing a symboled button and as before a little drawer exactly like the first came silently sliding out.
This time they all moved closer to get a better look at that little drawer. When it slid out and stopped they noticed it had an indented section that was exactly the same diameter as that lustrous disc.
Miss Lu placed the shiny disc in the groove and again pressed the button again. The tiny drawer reversed its course and disappeared within the machine, and the small door in front closed shut.
This device had what appeared to be a small television screen built into the machine but above the drawer device; however, the screen size was no more than about 10 or 12 inches in size.
Sarge thought, Never did see a TV that small. Guess they havent heard about those new 21 jobs.
But as soon as she had pushed the button an image appeared on this small TV screen. The screen wasnt a TV, it was showing an image of the photograph there was Mr. Lincoln, General McClernard and Mr. Pinkerton but. oh no it cant be this has to be trickery the three men on the photograph, no it wasnt just a still photograph anymore, these images were moving. Moving as if they were on a television show, but something else they. they were now IN COLOR and TALKING to each other!!!! 

*  *  *  *  *

  In the background, could be heard the words, partially indistinct:Mr. President I  (indistinct word) it would  (indistinct words) better if you put your hat back on.
The President replied, Dag nab it, Mathew, ever since Mary give me this darn stovepipe hat I always have to have my picture took with it! I hate this dab blasted thing!
General McClernard laughed and said, Sir your admiring public has gotten used to that hat." 
Mr. Lincoln motioned to Allen Pinkerton, Git into this here dad burn phottygraph Alan, I need somebody to make me look good. All three men in the picture laughed. Git on with it Mat. At the word Mat the moving color photograph stopped, ending Miss Lus demonstration.
Thats as long as we have been able to record a photograph, said Miss Lu, thats what we have been working on recently, trying to extend record time.
At first Sarge, Little S and Spook just sat there, they did not look at each other, they were flabbergasted, all they could do was stare at the now blank screen. Then Sarge started laughing, not just a chuckle but a big belly guffaw.  
What is so funny? Little S said quizzically. 
Who would have thought Abe Lincoln sounded like Walter Brenner (TV star of The Real McCoys of the early 60s)! Sarge said still snickering. I bet if this thing played longer Abe would have been limping too (Walter limped in the TV series)!
After the laughing session the Captain was the next to speak seriously  Miss Lu I do not want you to take what I am about to say the wrong way  hell, how else can you take it. Miss Lu, I know you have worked here for a while, and mean well, but somehow or by some ulterior motives these silver guys have fooled you all.
This is some kind of illusion  this machine is obviously hooked up to some kind of Hollywood movie making equipment that delivers, I must admit, a frigging, excuse the French Miss Lu, good product. Something like this would surely sell like blazes back in the States. Laughing, he said, Walter Brennan did made a good Abe Lincoln tho, I do admit?
She responded, I can see how strange and unbelievable this is. At first it was to me too, but I found out it DOES work. This is REAL!!
What the les hommes en argent were trying to do was expand the scope of the photographs with their sound - to push them to talk and move longer than just a few seconds that they now can capture. They believed they had the technology that could expand the movement and speech up into minutes, but we had not gotten that far yet.
What you just witnessed on this demonstration is the maximum length that we have been able to produce movement and sound, about 30 seconds.
Another captive told me they were close to producing sound from written items, such as documents, letters or manuscripts. She was a part of the team working on that. Can you just imagine what doors that would open up? You might get to hear the conversation that took place as the signers of your Declaration of Independence put their pens to that document.
Our instructors, Im sorry, our captors call those little shiny circular storage devices Disc-Compactors; we just call them Compact Disc or shortened them to CDs.
At the current time the les hommes en argent can only put something on a disc one time, it cannot be used over and over. We cannot use it again so we call them just a CD-R, recordable only.
We can put dozens and dozens of pictures on one disc but we are, at the current time, unable to erase the data and record on the same disc again. Our captors refer to them also as Write Once Read Many. We are working on a disc right now that 'the silver men say will be able to be used over and over and they termed it a CD-RW, read and write.
Miss Lu there must some trickery here somewhere!!
I know this is hard to grasp but Dr. Kim how about you go pick out another photograph and I will show you there is no trickery involved.
Captain Scarburg spoke up, Im tired of calling the Photoelectron Collector the machine. Thomas Edison invented one of the first moving picture machines; so I think we ought to call this machine the Edison, and that little sucker, lets just call it a CD Player. Is that all right with everyone? Everyone nodded in agreement. 

CHAPTER THIRTY

DALLAS, TEXAS, 22 NOVEMBER 1963
This time Dr. Kim was going to find something that could not possibly be pre-loaded on film and already be in the Edison. He shuffled through dozens of different photographs and settled on exactly the right one. He pulled it from the box and carried it over and showed it to Sarge and the Captain, they shook their heads in agreement.
Dr. Kim handed it to Miss Lu. She looked at the photograph and back at Dr. Kim and asked, Do you all know this man?
Dr. Kim answered, Yes indeed we do, do you know him?
Sorry no, she answered, is he someone important?
Put it in the Edison; and see if it can tell us!

*  *  *  *  *

Miss Lu went through the same routine as she had previously done with the photo of President Abraham Lincoln. She inserted the photo, pushed the button, heard the hum, watched the lights flicker and extracted the CD; placed this new version into the little opening and watched it slide back into the machine and punched the play button, then they, breathlessly, waited for the event, if any, to unroll on the little TV screen.
They all thought they had Miss Lu this time. She was from Taiwan, there was no way she would know who was on this photograph. They believed whatever she attempted to do nothing was going to happen. This was all some kind of farce, a stunt, a magic trick a. well they ran out of descriptive ways to try to rationalize what they saw on the President Lincoln CD.
Although in their logical minds the three men just knew nothing was going to happen. Spook, Little S and Big S just couldnt help themselves, they all squeezed in as close as they could to get a better view of the tiny television screen.
A faint glow began to brighten the screen  Dr. Kim realized he wasnt even breathing and sucked in a lungful of air and slowly exhaled. Scenes on the little television started to appear. Although the images were not really plain yet, they could tell it was a man standing on the outside of a building.
The scene on the screen cleared a little more. They could now vaguely see, what appeared to be, a young man dressed totally in black. He was holding a rifle in his left hand with the butt supported on his hip; in his right hand, close to his chest, and underneath his chin was, what again appeared to be, two newspapers. A pistol could be seen sticking out of his pants on his right hip.
More and more details were beginning to become apparent but Dr. Kim, Sarge and the Captain were not surprised as to what they thought was starting to materialize on the little screen  they knew the photograph was LEE HARVEY OSWALD.
They knew his Russian wife Marina, had taken the photograph, behind their house in Dallas, Texas. They also remembered police officials later would use this very same photograph to establish one of the pieces of concrete evidence proving Lee Harvey Oswald and his Italian Carcano rifle, shown in the photograph, assassinated President John F. Kennedy on Nov 22, 1963!

*  *  *  *  *

A spontaneous GASP erupted from all three men who stood watching the CD." as the image became perfectly clear!!
What they were seeing was impossible!! The man's face that finally emerged in the picture was not LEE HARVEY OSWALD!!
Suddenly there was a voice in the background on the photograph that spoke, Hurry up Tony, get Oswalds camera and get them pictures!!  
The scene on the screen moved a bit, as if the holder of the camera shifted positions and then was heard, Shit, Bill hold still, the distance has to be perfect or the guys at the lab cant get the heads to perfectly match.
The Lee Harvey Oswald look-a-like spoke up and replied, Come on Tony, get the damn picture, this gun is gettin heavy. We got to get this film back to the lab.
Sarge remembered the lines - be not afraid of greatness, some are born great, some achieve greatness and some have greatness thrust upon them. He thought to himself, we have just had greatness thrust upon us. This easily is the most fantastic, awe-inspiring, mind-blowing historical 30 seconds witnessed by any American in the history of the United States; and we did nothing, it was just thrust upon us.
After the television screen went blank they just stood there  did they see what they thought they saw? Spook said to the others, "That WAS the famous picture of Lee Harvey Oswald holding the rifle he used to shoot President Kennedy, I know it was. Ive seen that picture too many times before!"
Sarge spoke next, That aint right, it aint right, Im telling you it aint right!
Little S, as if awaking from a bad dream, nervously said, Fellows do you realize what we have just witnessed?
Spook said loudly, Darn right, and Miss Lu Im sorry for doubting you. That was amazing. No, there has to be a better word that means amazing times a thousand! 
Miss Lu had been standing behind the men as they watched the scenes unfolding on the CD and she could not understand what all the fuss was about. It was just some guy holding a rifle in his yard, big deal, she though, theyve surely seen enough guns in their time, but she said, Guys, who was that man? You all seem to think he is special or something  who is he?
Almost in unison they replied, We dont KNOW WHO HE IS!!
Now Miss Lu was really confused. They seemed to know who he was when she put the photograph into the Edison, but yet they are saying now that they didnt recognize him,  What do you mean you dont know who he is, earlier you said you did?
Captain Scarburg finally spoke, Miss Lu, you have heard of President John F. Kennedy, right?
Yes I know of him, he was your President that was assassinated, right?
Good, now we are getting somewhere. What you just witnessed is earth shattering! The person that killed JFK has always been known to be Lee Harvey Oswald. He was shot and killed before his trial, but circumstantial evidence proved he was the assassin. 
One of the biggest pieces of this evidence that pointed to his guilt was this photograph of Lee Harvey Oswald holding that Italian rifle. The rifle was left on the 6th floor of the Texas School Book Depository in Dallas after the assassination.  That rifle later proved to belong to Oswald and was further established as the actual weapon that killed the President.
Oswald always protested that the photograph was doctored or faked, but no one believed him. Oswald protested vigorously that his head had, somehow, been superimposed upon someone elses body. This body belonged to 'Bill', the person that was holding the rifle and newspapers.
Tests after tests were performed on the original, by our so-called government 'experts' and it was determined to be an authentic picture of Lee Harvey Oswald.
Today Miss Lu you have, with your CD, proved that Lee Harvey Oswald was right all along  the man on this CD, identified as Bill, was an Oswald imposter.
Your CD PROVES Lee Harvey Oswald was framed for the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
Thank you Captain, I know you realize the importance of this one photograph, but you must remember we have been doing this day in and day out for months. We have heard and seen the innermost secrets of some of the worlds most famous leaders, actors and politicians
She continued, There are things that I have witnessed that you would never believe, so Im not surprised that this picture is important.

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

THE MOVIES
Miss Lu, after this, I would believe the Earth is flat if you said so! spoke Dr. Kim. Tell me one thing, no I have two things. First, where did the silver men get all these photographs and second does the method work on movie film?
Let me say first, Dr. Kim, I do not know where the photographs came from. A lot of them were here when I arrived, and our captors bring more in all the time.
As far as film, yes. We work on teams here, and there was a team dedicated to reproducing sound from old silent film. The old silent films dates back into the twenties, and yeah, they were able to put sound to them too.
Wait a minute, Miss Lu, if you can only put, maybe 30 seconds on a CD, how do the silver men handle moving pictures? asked Dr. Kim.
See that machine over there? Its called a Motion Decelerator she said, pointing to another grey metal machine. That gadget is like a copy machine  you run the film in and it copies frame by frame, or a series of multiple frames of the movie as photographs onto a CD, then we run that CD through this machine, she motions toward a different gadget, called, yeah, you guessed it: a Motion Accelerator. Next into the Magnetic Synchronizer, and then we send them through the same Edison that you have already witnessed; however, notice there is a smaller slot on the Edison for CD insertions. The movies come out on another CDs, we put them in the baby TV and just sit back, watch and listen.
The Captain asked, what if you were trying to reproduce the whole, or just part, of a movie file?
Oh, simple, all you have to do is flip this little switch here on top, (pointing to a little silver toggle-type switch) and it will produce one photograph, the whole thing, or only certain scenes within.
Miss Lu, said Spook, you are making me nervous. Where do you store the film?
Nervous? Why would I make you nervous? She said.
Im sorry Miss Lu," Spook ashamedly said, I did not mean YOU were making me nervous, it was the implications of what you just said.
Thats okay, I just want to help  the films are stored in that 5-drawer filing cabinet, next to our fancy copy machine. They are filed by their names or titles.
Dr. Kim, Sarge and the Captain all jumped, as if shot out of a cannon, and bolted to the aforementioned filing cabinet.
Miss Lu just stood there, frozen in the moment, and watched three grown men act like Mommy had just called them in for cake and ice cream! What-in-the-devil are they up to! she wondered.
Little S got there first - yelled, Its got to be in the bottom drawer! swiftly jerking it open. W, X, Y, Z, damn, surely its got to be here!
Yes...! Yes...! Here it is...! Oh, thank you God...! Thank you! Z and he held the little metal can up to his mouth and kissed it.
Miss Lu said to herself, those guys are crazy, what have they found Zorro, Zombie, Zogilla!
What have you found, Captain?

*  *  *  *  *

Zapruder...! Zapruder...! Oh heavens Zapruder! he kept saying holding the metal canister of film high above his head and dancing around the room with the other two joining in, all chanting Zapruder... Zapruder... Zapruder... as last they finished yelling and all started to laugh.
The Captain, breathlessly, asked the other two, Should we? Come on tell me, should we?
Damn straight, are you kidding? Responded Sarge, who would ever get a another chance like this? Spook heartedly agreed.
The Captain hurried over to Miss Lu and between breaths asked, Can you run this through one of your machines so we see which frames we want copied?
Sure, thats the way we do it, unless we do the whole film. Remember the Motion Decelerator, it will do the trick.
She took the small 8mm roll of Kodak film, walked over to yet another metal pin ball looking machine and inserted the roll of film, applied pressure to a circular start button and the tape began to play on a built-in TV. The TV screen lay flat on top of this device and the object that controlled the films advance was a small metal knob that she controlled. They all huddled around the machine, peering down at the TV screen, straining their eyes trying not to miss any images.
In a moment or two the scenes that they all wanted to see appeared.  Stop! Stop right here. Can you copy frames 190 through frames 320? And run them through the Edison? said the Captain.
Sure, just give me a minute to separate those frames and then I will run them through the Edison, she said.

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

DEALEY PLAZA, DALLAS, TEXAS, USA
As soon as Miss Lu had the selected frames of film-processed thought the Motion Decelerator the Magnetic Synchronizer and back into the Motion Accelerator she placed the film into the Edison and announced to her waiting audience that the show was about to begin.'
She laughed, and told them to get their popcorn ready. Im flipping the switch, Lights... Sound ... Action... (Imitating a movie director)!!
The little TV screen began to glow. The images appeared but were not distinctly seen.  The scenes were becoming clearer and clearer.
Immediately the assassination footage of President John F. Kennedy was being viewed on the TV.
It was the famous Zapruder film showing the black Lincoln convertible, Jacqueline in her pink suit, President Kennedy waving to the crowd as they happily journeyed down Elm Street in Dealey Plaza. Dallas, Texas.
Who is this Zapruder that we are watching? Which one is he? she asked pressing the Freeze button to await an answer.
Dr. Kim answered, Oh! Miss Lu, he is not in the film. Abraham Zapruder arrived at Dealey Plaza in Dallas, Texas just a few minutes before President John F. Kennedy arrived on the morning of November 22, 1963.
Zapruder had a Kodak Kodachrome II 8 mm home movie camera and came with Marilyn Sitzma, his receptionist that worked in his office. He climbed upon a concrete pedestal and began filmed 26.6 seconds and 486 frames of the Presidents motorcade as it traveled down Elm Street, driving from left to right directly in front of his camera.
At frame 190 Lee Harvey Oswald fired the first shot with his Italian bolt-action rifle. It struck the rear of the Presidents head.
He chambered, aimed and fired two more 6.5 mm Carcano bullets killing the President.
By frame 320 Secret Service Agent Clint Hill is seen getting upon the rear of the limousine as it speeds off under an overpass to Parkland Memorial Hospital where the President was pronounced dead! Please, Miss Lu, (anxiously begging) restart the film, please.
Miss Lu pressed the restart button, the film continued. A mans voice could be heard saying, Here they come! A womans voice behind the man said, Take your time, Ill balance you so you dont fall. In the background can be heard shouts and cheering and suddenly from the left of the motorcade can be heard the very audible crack sound of a rifle being fired.
The motorcade passes behind a road sign and just as it emerges another crack is heard coming NOT from the same direction but THIS SHOT comes from behind and to the right of the camera.
The President falls backward and to his left grasping at his throat. Voices on the screen are screaming Get down" Whats happening? Someone screams, Theyve shot the President! (Indistinct yelling)(Indistinct screaming) Agent on limousines trunk yelling, Go! Go! Get going! 
Quickly in succession are two more cracks of a rifle are heard but. these two come from the same direction as the first shot.
Then the motorcade speeds off.
The screen slowly goes dark againand again absolute silence. Finally Miss Lu says, Well tell me what was that? I saw your President Kennedy getting shot and the car speeding off. What was so important about that? Ive seen that film before?

*  *  *  *  *

This time Sarge pipes up, Little Lady, it had previously been proven that President Kennedy was killed by Lee Harvey Oswald, a lone assassin, who fired three shots with an Italian Carcano rifle from the sixth floor of the Texas School Book Depository. I have heard many Italian Carcano rifles fired and three of those shots sounded like a Carcano coming from the left of the cameraman, Mr. Abraham Zapruder. Left would be back toward the Texas State Book Depository.
There was an extra rifle shot in there!!
It sounded, to me, as if it came from behind and to the right of Mr. Zapruder. Its report sounded like a 30 ought six (30-06). The Carcano uses a 6.5 mm bullet and the 30-06 uses a 7.62 mm; when fired the two have two totally different sounds. Three of the shots heard sounded the same; one was different.
My conclusion:  There were two shooters in Dealey Plaza on 22 November 1963 and two different people shot President John F. Kennedy!
Damn, Pop! I have always trusted our Government, but I agree with you, that one shot was not a Carcano. I also agree with you, it came from behind and toward that Grassy Knoll. There was another shooter involved that day, why did our Government cover that up?
Spook threw in his two cents, This is unbelievable! Four shots, no doubt about it, three from the left and one from the right rear. What are we going to do about this?
Sarge quickly answered, Spook I dont know right now but believe-you-me we WILL find more answers. This isnt the end, this is just the BEGINNING!

*  *  *  *  *

Speaking of beginninghummmMiss Lu. said the Captain, everyone in this outfit has a nickname, and since your joining up with us you must have one too. Ling means Bell in Chinese, so I'm going to dub you 'Tinker.' Yep, from now on you are Tinker.
Ling Lu had the most puzzled look on her face. What does he mean when he called me Tinker? Is Tinker bad? Or Good?
Sarge laughed, Thats good. Tinker's real good.and
Sarge though, Now we are back up to Four...!

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE

SARGE PACKS HIS RUCKSACK
The things that Tinker had shown amazed and mystified them, but it did one additional thing too. It had consumed most of the day! Sarge looked down at his watch  1800 hours (6pm). We got to get moving, he thought.
Motioning to Tinker he said, Tinker where are the blueprints, plans, directions or whatever to all of this equipment? Did the silver men keep records? These gadgets are too big and bulky for us to do anything with. We are going to destroy this whole building and all the equipment when we leave, and that has got to be pretty soon.
Tinker answering Sarge said, les hommes en argent were worse than the German Nazis during WWII. They kept records on everything, and microfilmed it all too. Everything is in that black filing cabinet with the funny looking symbols on front (pointing to a cabinet over in the corner of the room).
"Spook how about getting out to that white disc thing up above the power plant and get a reading on where that thing is aimed. That might come in handy if we ever figure this whole thing out," directed Sarge.
Roger, Sarge! Spook was running out the door as he finished saying the word Sarge.
Son, go get the rest of the Composition C4 and lets charge this place up. Lets fire up every piece of equipment in this building! Put a couple of sticks on that generator and one on that big round white thing outside too. When you're through we are going to Cut a Chogie (move out quickly), and were going to blow this place to hell!
The plans all along had been for the team to find Pac Toul. Once there, if any information or equipment was found that was believed useful they were to return with it. 
If that proved to be impossible, all was to be destroyed; otherwise it might fall into the wrong hands. If the choice was available, their means of escape was to follow the river northward toward the Thailand border, cross over and make contact with our people over there. Now that Spook was with them this would be easier with his personal knowledge of Thailand and his ability to speak their language.
Sarge snatched open the filing cabinet, removed all its contents and stuffed them into his rucksack. He had to throw away nearly all his personal items; his soap; shaving gear; poncho; extra dry socks; a blanket and his toothpaste.
One object in his rucksack he wouldn't discard  he thought it might come in handy later - the Russian colonels Tokarev 7.62 x 25 mm revolver.
Hell, it all belonged to Uncle Sam anyways, hell never miss it and hes a good Uncle hell issue me more (if I live long enough), he thought grunting as he swung the heavy ruck upon his back.
Sarge and Tinker were swiftly stepping down the stairs two steps at a time as they heard the sound of boots striking the Mahogany floor heading toward them. Looking toward the front door they recognized Spook running back to report the completion of his assignment.
As Sarge finished tightening the straps on the ruck he hollered at Little S who was upstairs finishing the C4 and had now moved out onto the mezzanine. Kill all the lights upstairs Son, and meet us downstairs when you get done. The lights on the ground floor did not need to be turned off - they had never been switched on.
The large area downstairs was getting dark as the sun began setting on another miserable Cambodian day. The group quickly walked toward the last rays of daylight streaming in the large hole in the western wall; all that could be heard was the heavy thuds of the footfalls of the G.I. issue Army boots.

*  *  *  *  *
Standing in the door they gazed out amidst the mangled remains of the well, the twisted Ma Deuce machine guns and the faint trail of blue smoke still filtering up from the aftermath of the previous explosions. Sarge wondered, what was next.
Escape they must... but to where?
The original Photo Shoot plan, back at Polei Kleng, was to capture or destroy the equipment at Pac Toul. Hummm, thought Sarge, the best laid plans of mice and men.
He had the building and all the surrounding structures ready to be instantly vaporized by the C4 but where were they to go after destroying them? Again, the original plans had them navigating upstream toward Thailand find friendly forces and join up with them until rescued.
Someone forgot to tell HQ that upstream was a shitpot full of Russians, with guns, big guns and plenty ofem. Mean Russians who wanted nothing more than to kill all of us and take the rucksack full of documents from my back, thought Sarge. I cant let those Russki son-of-a-bitches get hold of this information.
Theres got to be a way to escape... got to be... I just have to figure it out... 

*   *   * ~ ~ ~ *   *   *

# # #
Does Sergeant Robert Scarburg, Sr., a.k.a. Big S, Captain Robert Scarburg, Jr., a.k.a. Little S along with Spook and Tinker escape from their perilous predicament at Pac Toul, Cambodia.
What happens to the alien documents? Can they evade the Russians? Do they get out of Cambodia safely? 
For the answer to all those questions and much much more of their continuing adventure join me in my next exciting book The P.H.O.T.O. (Vol II) - The Saga Continues
Check it out on: www.smashwords.com or visit me at www.fortarabian.com.


