






The Poor Mans Greed
A Novella by
Raymond Carter Cantrell





Text copyright 2012 by Raymond Carter Cantrell
Published by Raymond Carter Cantrell at Smashwords
The Poor Mans Greed, characters, names, and related indicia are trademarks and copyright of Raymond Carter Cantrell.
The Poor Mans Greed Publishing Rights copyright Raymond Carter Cantrell
No part of this publication may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without written permission of the publisher. For information regarding permission, write to Raymond Carter Cantrell at P.O. Box 720102, Dallas, TX 75372
Smashwords Edition February 2013

1

Billy was the first to see the body.

At first he didnt know what exactly it was.  He thought it was just another one of us sleeping.

I thought I saw im move, so I sez, I sez to him, hey!  How ya doing!  And he dont say nothing! he started to tear up.  But he was dead man, Lowell was dead!

When we got there it was a bit too dark and a bit too early to tell if Lowell was dead, sleeping, or just a human-shaped pile of rags and trash.  It became clearer as the sun came up that no, Lowell was definitely not sleeping.  He was about as dead as you get.

For me it was another friend claimed by the streets. Not that Lowell and I were particularly close, but we still knew each other.  Out there you take what you can.  Wed have a drink now and then; maybe share some stories of our lives before.  A couple of times he helped me unload the boxes down at Rudys for some extra cash.  He was a good worker.

But Lowell liked his time alone; thinking, drinking, eating, sleeping, whacking off, whatever.  That was his downfall, man; in this life, the wrong person catches you alone at the wrong time and youre fucked.

Was I surprised when he died? Not really.  Deep down I always knew it was coming; we had invited Lowell to camp out with us, work some shifts down at Rudys, and just chill out for a while.

Ive got a place I need to be, hed repeat over and over.  Lowell was always like that, showing up for a little while, having a few drinks, then wandering off by his lonesome.  Ive got places to be.

He always had somewhere else to be.  Not anymore.

Wilson!  Youve got to come see the body!

Id been out here long enough to see more than a few of my friends pass.  Whenever they did, I liked to do a little remembrance, say a prayer, and put whatever happened to them out of my mind.

Never do I go see the body.

Why?  What reason would I possibly have to look at Lowells body?  Not like I havent seen one before.  Ive seen people shot, stabbed, run over, ODed, beaten down, or just fucking collapse and never get up again.

Id seen enough of that for a lifetime.  One more body would just make things that much harder to forget.

Take it from me, seeing a friend lying there on the pavement is a lot different than just hearing that they died.  Its a lot easier to tell yourself they cleaned up and moved on if youve never seen the body.

Because, man, theres something wrong with him.  Somethings fucked up.

The body was lying behind a green dumpster near the mouth of a large alley.  Our people had been keeping a solemn vigil since they found him, waiting for an ambulance or something came to pick him up.  You die on this part of town and the crackheads will steal your shoes and throw your body in the river.  Lowell deserved better than that.

Two skinny crackheads were kneeling over the corpse when we arrived, trying to reach mutual agreement on the cause of death.  Yup, yup, looks like an overdose man, jus up and got too much of a good thing, said an older bald one.

Man, this motherfucker look all crazy an shit, you sho he aint got no more?  This was from the younger crackhead, who looked like he might have been a college student in another life.  Maybe it something we can have?  Hand shaking, he reached down to open Lowells jacket.

Dont you fucking touch him!  Boomed Lion, the latest bodyguard.  Get back you nasty crackheads before I break you off something!  They both stumbled back, and Sailor and I got our first clear look at the body.  

Aight, aight, the older crackhead raised his arms defensively.  Sheet, aint nothing to it, nothing to it.  On and on he went, rambling to himself in the machine gun style that crackheads just love to use.

I have no idea what they said to Lion, or what he said to them that set them off running only seconds later.  All I could focus on was the face of my old friend as he lay on the concrete, his body tight and twisted as if he had writhed in agony until the very moment he died.

His arms were bare to the elbows with deep self-inflicted gashes snaking up the length well into his sleeves.  It was the sign of someone suffering immeasurable pain, as if there were something burning inside of him and he had been trying to dig it out.  And his face, oh God, his face

It was awful

No ambulance? asked Sailor.

Nope.  Asked some people walking by to call them again.  Hope they did.  Lion wiped his big red nose with his sleeve.  Pretty awful aint it?

What did he die of? I asked as I stared glassy-eyed at the corpse.  Now I knew I could never fool myself into thinking Lowell was enjoying life elsewhere.

Not sure.  Lookie there, Lion pointed.  We got this here syringe on the ground, and theres some bruising on that arm.  That looks like an OD to me.

The three of us stood there and listened to the sounds of an urban morning circulate around us.  People walked right past the mouth of the alley, utterly oblivious to the dead man in their midst.

An old man, as salty as the Earth itself, shuffled up to us.  Out here they called him Papi, and to many his word was law.  He took one look at Lowells body and remarked, He did it.

Who? Lion asked, pointing.  Sailor?

Papi shook his head.  No Sailor.  You know who.  The guy he run around in the black limo.  The Bad Samaritan.

The city suddenly seemed a lot emptier and a lot more menacing.

Every one of us had heard stories about him.  Hell, an unfortunate few had even met him.  But we all knew about him, about what he had done.

There are rules out here, rules that every new warm body that hits the streets learns the first week out.

Watch out for the cops.

Watch out for teenagers.

Watch out for the Bad Samaritan.

And theyd always ask, Whos the Bad Samaritan?  And wed say, Does it matter?  Just stay away from him!

If you were poor or homeless you knew damn well to follow that advice. Granted, every one of us had a different name for him:  Evil Billionaire, The Man in the Black Limo, Rich Man, The Negotiator.  But it was always the same guy, one twisted, insane guy.

Ronnie was the first to meet him.  I never knew Ronnie well; he moved on before I got to really know him.  Nevertheless, I still heard his stories, tales about a big black limo that would cruise by while he stood at the corner of Northwest and Powell.  

Every time Ronnie saw the thing he said it would slow down and just creep on by, as if someone inside were trying to get a good look at him.

One night it just started, that limo rolling by.  Then it never stopped.  Sometimes hed see it three or four times a week.  Sometimes hed see it that many times in a night.

When he first told the others about it, they asked him if it made him nervous.  Not really.  I dont think the people who drive those kinds of cars are the ones we need to be afraid of.  If they wanna get us, theyll get the police to do it for them!

And it was a funny game, a game that went on for days, then weeks, then months until late one night that damn thing finally came to a stop not ten feet away from where Ronnie was standing.

Whatd you do? Sailor asked him.

Went up asked him for some change! Ronnie chuckled.  What else was I going to do?

And thats exactly what he did, though not so simply.  For the first time, Ronnie was able to get a good look at the machine as it sat purring silently and staring at him with bright red tail lights.  The way he told it, it was as if this machine had been sculpted, not built.

Most beautiful car Ive ever seen, he said.  It was like a goddamn mirror, man; I could eat off that thing.  He would later admit that this unearthly perfection made him just a tad bit nervous.  If this were the vehicle then what of the man who lurked inside?

So Ronnie crept up alongside that perfect machine, and as he did the back window seemed to melt away silently.  An arm snaked out the window and rested casually on the sill.

Hello? Ronnie craned his neck a bit to look inside.  Hello?

There was someone inside: a man, young, with hair out of a magazine and flawless skin like a model.  He was no older than 27 or 28, but his eyes shone with the aged brilliance of someone who had seen it all.

Ronnie looked at him and he looked back, an expression somewhere between attraction and disgust.

Hey man, nice car, Ronnie finally said.

The man tilted his head out the window slightly, as if he had never before seen the car in question and now wanted to have a look.  Well youre absolutely right.  This car is fabulous, isnt it? he looked at Ronnie and smiled.

Yeah, sure is.  Say bro, you got any spare change in there?  He pointed into the gaping darkness of the cars interior.

Do I?  In here? He looked around his feet as if he were actually searching for change.  No, no I dont think I do.  Sorry.

Ah.  Well, you know, I just figure big expensive car and all, maybe you got some money lying around, you know, help a brother out?

Oh I have money, the man shot back.  I just dont have any change.  I can give you some if you have change for a thousand.

Yo man, I dunno bout no change for a thousand now!  Maybe a million, but I aint got no thousand, damn! Ronnie smiled, hoping his lightheartedness would maybe spur a hint of generosity.

Hmm.  The stranger stroked his upper lip as if smoothing an invisible moustache.  Well, as a matter of fact, I think I actually might have some spare change.  He smiled and reached over to pick up something beside him.  How much do you need?

Heck man, whatever you would spare could be  Ronnie was stopped in mid-sentence as a burst of small, hard objects hit him in the head.  Grabbing his face, he dropped to the ground.  Hey man, hey what the fuck are you doing? Ronnie screamed as another wave of coins flew at his face, followed by another handful flying toward his crotch.  Ronnie backed away as best he could, falling on the ground as the stranger threw handful after handful of nickels at Ronnie with as much force as he could muster.   Laughing uncontrollably the whole time, the stranger neither stopped for Ronnies pleas nor when he curled up on the ground in a fetal position.

It stopped, seemingly, when the stranger ran out of coins, but as soon as Ronnie moved his hands to get back up, one last handful hit him right in the eyes.  He teared up, fell back to the ground, out of breath and caught in a mixture of shock and confusion.  Theres your change you dirty, dirty Mexican! the stranger laughed.  Now call someone at the local workforce commission to find you a job!  Drive, Hans, drive!

With that last command the limo peeled out with a screech, leaving only Ronnie, the nickels, and a cloud of stinking rubber on that lonely corner in the middle of the night.

Yeah, I was pissed, Ronnie said.  Real pissed.  But then I realized the dumb bastard had left over fifty dollars of nickels lying on the ground.  Man, I gathered them sons a bitches up in whatever I could find: my jacket, my socks, my gloves, my extra coat, shit, I was stowing them boys everywhere.

Ronnie had walked away alive, unhurt, and with money in his pocket.  The man had given him change; he was just a dick the way he went about it.

Word spreads quickly in the homeless community.  With that one event the legend of the Bad Samaritan was born.

2

The first to meet him were lucky because they got the benefit of experience; they learned to keep away from the Bad Samaritan early on, before he started becoming ever so intense and dangerous. 

At first he only showed up in select areas: along the edges of the nice neighborhoods, inside large shopping centers, around expressways and major roads.  We could avoid him without much effort, and even if he found us his pranks were little to fear.  Hed offer us food made out of shit, throw buckets of ice water at us when it was cold, or steal our things and drive away laughing.  Yes he was annoying, but his abuse wasnt anything that we hadnt already gotten from cops and teenagers.

That changed when he started following us back to downtown, scoping the spots where we lived and worked.  During the day wed see his limo circle the block, like a prison guard patrolling the wall.  It was fine; he never bothered us, and we never said anything to him.  It was night when hed be a problem, when hed start accosting our friends and neighbors while they were walking home or looking for somewhere to lay their head after a long day of just getting by.

Well hello there, hed ask, Do you think you could use some extra money?

Hell yeah I could use some damn money, how much you got? wed ask him. And then hed say something big, like 1,000 bucks cash, and he always had it right there in his hand.  

And hed give it to you, too.  He was good for it, thats for damn sure.  All you had to do was something to earn it

Lookie this, Lion touched Lowells right sleeve with the edge of his foot.  Clutched tightly in a death grip, almost invisible, was a piece of paper.

Whats that? I asked.

Dunno, replied Lion. Weve havent moved the body.

Open his hand up, said Sailor.  I wanna see whats inside.

Lion feverishly wormed his beefy fingers into Lowells frozen fist, grunting and cursing with frustration as he tried time after time to overcome death with pure strength.   Eventually he opened the hand just enough to release a crinkled piece of paper, and we all gathered around curiously to see what it was.  Lion picked it up, unfolded it carefully, then stared at it blankly.  

Tell us what it says! Sailor demanded.

Motheryou know Lion dont know how to read! I said, and I reached up and snatched it from his paw.

I do too know how to read Wilson! Lion bellowed.  Normally his voice and size were enough to make even his close friends stop and take notice.  Not today.  Not after I realized what I was looking at.

I swallowed hard.  Noway

See  Papi said casually.  I told you it was him.

It was a cashiers check, blank, for the sum of $5,000.  It looked like it was from some European bank, but I had no doubt at all it was real.  This thing just looked too perfect to be a fake.  I brought the check to my nose and smelled it, I ran my fingers along its edge, and looked longingly at the colorful watermarks that weaved throughout the numbers and letters.  

Poor, poor Lowell.  Just when it seems like life is going to hand you a break something up and happens to spoil it all.  Like dying.

It was one of the few times Lion ever looked worried.  So what do you think happened?  

I tell you what happen, said Papi.  Lowell out here all alone, Bad Samaritan see him, pull up, pay him to stick that needle into his neck.  Then he die.

And he still got his money, Sailor whispered with a voice full of awe.

Got his money, Papi scoffed.  Bad Samaritan is always good for the money.  He take you eye, you finger, you can no walk well, he makes you like an animal.  But at least he pay.  Papi looked at Lowell scornfully then turned and began limping on down the street.  We stood there a few more moments, the three of us admiring the work of art in our hands when Papi turned to us one more time.  Hey!  Dont none of you think of taking that money.  You know what happen when people take the Samaritans money. 

Papi locked eyes with mine, in a look so intense I dared not look away.  We know Papi, I said to the elder.  He gave me a stern nod before walking off without another word.  The three of us were now alone with Lowells body and the money that had put him there.

Sowhat do we do with it? asked Sailor.

You heard Papi, Lion said.  We put it back.  Thats what Papi said so thats what were going to do.

The very thought of leaving that much money here made me sick, Bad Samaritan or not.  Thats a lot of money, my brothers, I added.  Think about it; thats like a grand and a half apiece.  We could probably buy our way off the streets with that kind of money.

Lion glared at me with deep, dark eyes.  You heard Papi.  We leave the money here.

Lion...Papi does not care.  Think about itif we cash this baby and get that kind of money, well be more powerful than Papi.  Thats why he wants us to leave this here.

Lion looked very worried and confused.  But hes going to come looking for us.

Who?  Papi?

No!  Him:  The Bad Samaritan!

I shook my head.  Bad Samaritan cant find you if youre not on the street.  You planning to live like this forever, Lion?

Nono.put it back, Deacon! Lion said to me.

Every objection from Lion only served to increase my frustration.  I sighed heavily and started over.  Dont you see? I began as I carefully examined the pictures on the check, the inking of the lettering, the way that much money looked when it was spelled out.  If we keep this money, we can get out of here.  We can leave these streets today, and we never have to come back.  This paper was not like regular paper; it was thinner, weaker, of a different consistency than we were used too.  Id almost forgotten what this much money really feels like.  The Bad Samaritan?  Fuck him.  Hes just a bully.  He cant get us, not where wed be going.  My mind wandered just a bit, and I remembered a time when I could walk into a bank and actually get one of these, in the days before security guards began blocking my way into private buildings.

Whatever this cost Lowell, this money in my hand, it was a chance for all of us to get out of here.  Papi said leave it.  So put it back.  Obviously the same hadnt occurred to Lion.

What if I dont?  This game was tiring, and the longer we debated the greater the chance the check would stay with the body.  Things like this come around once in a lifetime, Lion.  You think I want to live out here forever?  What about you, Sailor?  You want to live out here forever?  Be all homeless, treated like shit?  They responded with silence.  I didnt think so.  Now listen, heres what were going to do; were going to pool our money together, get the cheapest hotel room and cheapest suit we can find, and then Im going to walk into the nearest bank and cash this baby.  Hows that sound?

Again, silence.  Were going to share it, you know that right?  I aint leaving my boys out in the cold.

Whatever this cost Lowell, this money in my hand, it was a chance for all of us to get out of here.

Lion looked as if he wanted to say something, but I pocketed the check before he could.  Sailor, silent during the debate, seemed resigned to the fact that we were heading to the bank.  Neither wanted the risk, but the choice was already made.

Alright.  Come along then.

3

Sailor lost his drivers license after some guys jumped him after work, and Lion looked way too wild and unruly to even walk into a bank.  That left me, someone who could look halfway decent and had the proper forms of identification.

We got a cheap hotel room, and I took a long shower while Sailor and Lion wandered the nearby thrift stores trying to find me a suit.  When they finally got back I was watching TV, wearing a towel, and feeling really refreshed.  

You find a suit? I asked.  Sailor wordlessly pulled a pair of wrinkled khakis and a baggy green polo shirt that said Shooting Star Couriers on the front pocket. I thought I told you to buy a suit.

We didnt have enough, grumbled Sailor.  We figured this shirt would be fine.  You can say youre cashing the check for someone.

For who, dude? I snapped back.  Couriers dont cash nobodys checks!  I walked back to the bathroom.  Damn, well do me a favor and iron that junk.

I wasnt trying to be mean to my crew, but this was our big chance and we couldnt just blow it being sloppy.  Hell, how do you think we ended up here in the first place?  Being sloppy, thats how.  Our prayers were being answered, and I sure as hell wasnt going to let this opportunity slip away.

We hopped a bus heading toward the First Colonial Bank branch Id passed a million times near downtown.  Sailor and Lion rode silently the whole way, a mix of paranoia and caution painted over their faces.  I was silent too, my heart thumping rapidly as I turned the burning question around inside my mind.  

Would my bank account still be open after all these years?

It had been a while, a long while, since I last walked into a bank.  Hopefully I still remembered what to do when I got inside.  

Remember, I told them, when we get there just wait outside away from the door.  Hang back, sit tight, and I should be out with the money in no more than fifteen minutes, okay?

All right, Sailor said gruffly.

Lion shook his head.  I wish you wouldnt do this, Wilson.

Lion baby, you are going to be good as gold once we get some cash in your pocket.  Relax baby, youll be fine!

I hope so, Sailor mumbled as he stared out the window at the passing buildings.  I need to be able to sleep at night.

We rode on.  A few times I caught some of the other passengers looking at them, but not as much at me.  That felt good.

***

My entire body jumped when I walked into lobby of First Colonial Bank wearing nothing but a short pair of khakis, a double extra large polo, and a check that could buy me a leg up in the world.  

All I had to do was walk up there and cash it.

The account was a checking account from the days when I ran my auto salvage business.  It was a good business; Im just honest enough to admit I couldve done things a bit differently.  I let everything go to my head when things were going right, then I ate that business alive trying to pull things back together.  Funny how life has a way of balancing things out for you.

Surprisingly I remembered the account number and was able to fill out the deposit slip with ease.  It was in line where things got difficult; would I be able to cash this?  Would they give me the money?  Was the check even good?  What if someone recognized me, and threw me out?  What if they already knew, and were just waiting for the right time to humiliate me

Do you have an account here? the teller asked when I stepped to the window and proudly brandished the crinkled piece of paper dotted in dirty smears.  I lay the deposit slip carefully on top and smiled.  Should be under J&D Automotive.

The teller looked up at me.  Do you have an ID? she asked, and I handed over my drivers license.

Im the D, I said jokingly as she scrutinized it.  You know, in J&D?  

Okay Mr. Wilson, she said, ignoring my comment entirely, if you could just wait one second for me, please?  Before I could answer she had already walked off with my ID, my check, and maybe the last chance I ever had of getting out of this life.

I waited.  She was gone much longer than a second.  Why do people say things like that when they dont really mean it?  She could have just said, If you could wait one hundred seconds, please and Id probably have felt a lot more comfortable.  Standing there and waiting only made it seem like something was going wrong.

The longer she took, the worse I started to feel.  All kinds of worries were popping into my head, like what if they were doing a background check, or what if they refused payment or even worse, what if all the checks were forgeries?  I hadnt even considered that possibility

Hell, the police might already be on their way here.  I looked over at another teller, who smiled politely.  I gave her a meek reply, positive that she could hear the booming of my heart against my chest.  A light bead of sweat peeled off my temple and made a beeline for my chin.  It was like my bodily fluids knew things were going wrong and wanted to get the fuck out of here while they still had the time.  My stomach churned, and I swear the security guard could hear it.

After what must have been a long enough wait the bank teller re-emerged, followed by a balding man in a suit.  And how are you today Mr. Wilson?  He smiled as he placed my check and ID on the counter.  He spoke with a lisp and had a very feminine manner about him.

Im fine, doing great.  So, is everything okay with my check?  I did my best to sound puzzled rather than worried, convinced that the change of tone would keep the police from tackling me when they burst into the bank to confiscate my forged check.

No sir, no problem at all.  I just wanted to introduce myself, Im Perry Belk, the branch manager.  Wed all just like to thank you for coming back to us after your leave of absence.

Leave of absence? I asked.

Well yes sir, I see you havent been an active customer in almost three years now.  You used to do quite a bit of business here, it seems.

Yeah, thats right, I did.  Three years.  It was hard to believe it had been only three years since my life just fell apart. And you know what?  Ive tried half the banks in this city, and none of them have ever stacked up to First Colonial.  I really mean that.

Belk gave me a broad, creepy smile.  I couldnt tell if he was genuinely happy about my compliment or trying to hit on me.  Either way it was good.  Well, were glad to have you back, Mr. Wilson.  Normally wed put a hold on a check this large but in lieu of our past business together I think we can surely make an exception in this case.  Before we give you the cash are there any other services we might be able to help you with?  SBA loans, small business debit, corporate fulfillment, credit card processing?

I flashed him a few of my gnarled teeth back.  No, I think just the check will do it today.  But Im telling you, Perry, once I get everything up and running Ill be back for sure.

Outstanding.  He said.  How would you like your money today, sir?  Are hundreds okay?

Perfect, I said.  Perfect!  Thats, thats just absolutely perfect.

***

Every step of the way to the door I kept expecting someone to yell at me.   Hey bum, bring that money back!  Its not yours!  I passed the banker desks, security guard, and little table with the deposit slips without looking at any of them.  My attention was focused solely on the glass door, my escape.

Have a nice day, sir.  Somebody called as I left, and I said nothing except for an awkward hand gesture.  And that was it.  I was outside, and we were each fifteen hundred dollars richer.  Id gotten away with it!  I clutched the paper envelope in my hands and felt its thickness. 

Deacon, thats Deacon!  It was Lions simple voice, bellowing and panicked.  It came from the curb nearby where he was sitting, hands behind his back.  Behind him, Sailor stood up against the wall, palms out.  In front of him, two policeman.

Deacon, tell them were with you!  Deacon help us! Lion bleated.  The cops were too absorbed in Sailors gruff sassiness to deal with a giant retarded man so they didnt bother to look.  At least, not yet.  

My stomach began to cramp and groan. It was so loud I was sure they could hear it but they didnt.  Casually I began to walk backward, then turn and walk the opposite direction, cop hassle and all behind me and getting further away.

Deacon, thats Deacon! Lion pleaded to nobody in particular.  Deacon, Deacon!

He voice hit my skull like a heavy bag of sand, first out of fear, then from the nauseous feeling of leaving them both behind.  But what was I supposed to do?  Talk to the cops?  Let them take the money?  All of us be arrested?  Being homeless was a crime in this city, a damn crime! 

I clutched the money envelope to my chest and picked up the pace a little.  Then I turned a corner and couldnt hear him anymore at all.

4

My first stop after picking up my shit from the hotel was church.  I just needed a place to sit down and have a quick chat with God before I did anything else.  I found a small place called Exeline Methodist and tried to go inside but all of the doors were locked.  Churches are always a toss up like that, some stay open and others lock the doors.  Lifers learn quick that if its cold and you need an easy meal just hit doors until you find an open church.

That was how I became reacquainted with God, as a matter of fact.  He and I didnt speak much for a while when things were going bad.  I blamed the bad on Him and ignored the good that I had in my life.  But he always left a few doors unlocked for me to wander into if I ever wanted to come back.  In time I came to see that everything Id been through was just a test to prepare me to go back and take care of my family.

What happened really bothered me, though, and I figured it bothered God even more that Id done something like that after receiving such a blessing.  So I had to think hard about what made me run away like that and then how I could explain that in a way that made sense.  Once Id figured it out I found the locked church but, needing to get the message off my chest, I sat down on the steps to pray anyway.

The exact words were just for Him and me, but the gist was pretty basic:  I never set out to screw them, and I fully intended to give them their fair share.  Maybe deep down I made the decision to keep walking when I realized just how much giving them that money would hurt them.  

Sailor grew up in the South, went to trade school, married himself a little southern wife, and had himself a nice little family.  It was exactly what everyone was supposed to do, himself included.  One day his wife up and left him, and after that he just couldnt focus anymore.  Took to the bottle, and eventually the streets took him.  

Sailor would always need someone to tell him what to do.  He couldnt leave the streets because he had nobody to lean on for the kind of supervision he needed.  Today that someone was me, but tomorrow it might be Papi, who would take the money for himself and maybe banish Sailor for going along with my plan in the first place.

If theres one thing worse than being out on the streets, its being out there alone.  How could I do that to him?

Lion used to drive a truck until he was caught molesting little girls in the back.  Some of us used to call him a scarecrow: something we used to keep outsiders out, but pretty damn useless once they actually got in.  See, Lion hates confrontation, he really does.  The only reason he ever argued with me in the first place is that hes more scared of confronting Papi than he is of confronting me.  Once we had the money I was sure hed spill everything to Papi, and I didnt want to give him money that was just going to be taken away.

Both of them could never stay in the group as long as they had that money.  Without the group, neither one of them would survive.  That police stop potentially saved their lives by allowing me to leave the situation behind rather than put them in something more dangerous.

Besides, I didnt want them to end up like the last person who stole the Bad Samaritans money.  Billy was his name, and he was a weirdo.  He divided his days between hanging out at an abandoned ice house with a collection of unbathed lifers and talking to the girls working at the beer barn across the street.

One night he was walking into an empty parking lot just as the Samaritans black limo was leaving.  There, lying in the loose gravel under a single lamp, lay a trembling mass of human being.  

Wus wrong wit you man? Billy asked as the shivering thing stared up with wide, frightened eyes.

II, the man stammered.

What happened?  Speak up! Billy finally noticed the red bundle the man was holding tightly against his chest.  In slow motion, the blood-soaked rags fell away, and the mangled right hand of that unfortunate soul waved obscenely at Billy as thick red ropes ejaculated from the fingerless nubs.

Pppaid me...to do this! he managed to stammer.  He paid me

Billy stared at the man wordlessly, watching him flow in and out of consciousness with each and every beat of his heart.  Scattered nearby on the ground lay several blood stained hundred dollar bills.

Nobody knows what exactly happened next except for Billy, and all he said is that he called an ambulance.  Thats not what everyone else thinks; word on the street was that Billy took the money and left that sucker in the parking lot just as poor as before minus one hand.  

It took that dumb son of a bitch less than a week to drink through all that money.  The only good thing about that is when the Bad Samaritan finally found him he was probably too drunk off his ass to be scared.

The Bad Samaritan was weird with his money; he was okay with paying some guy three grand to eat diseased rats, but would get fucking pissed if someone turned around and robbed that guy while he was on the ground puking his guts out.  In the Samaritans eyes the money rightfully belonged to whoever had earned it.  Since Billy hadnt earned it, he was totally screwed when the Samaritan showed up looking for the money plus interest.  

Billy crawled to the hospital later that night, minus a finger or toe for every 100 dollars he had taken.  Rumor had it that the Samaritan gave Billy a choice between a hundred bucks a nut or two hundred for his whole dick, and he picked his dick because what use is a dick if you aint got no balls?

That there was basically the end of Billy.  After that he couldnt work, could hardly walk, couldnt even hold on to a bottle of beer.  One night, maybe on accident but probably on purpose, he lay down on some train rails and dozed off until an engine came by and sliced his head right off. 

Chop, chop, chop! this one guy Smokey Joe used to say all morbid like.  We never much smiled or laughed much at that, which made him say it even more.  Chop, chop, chop, just like Billys head!

From then on the message was loud and clear: Dont take money from the Samaritan that you cant afford to pay back with interest.  

Papi was more vocal than anyone else about observing that rule.  He knew we could never pay back the kind of money the Bad Samaritan threw around, so why even risk it?  The very act of touching that kind of money put every person even remotely connected with it into danger.

But Papi forgot one important detail, and that was that we had to be living on the streets for the Bad Samaritan to get at us.  See, Lion and Sailor may not have known it, but theyre lifers.  Lion could never get a mainstream job lucrative enough to support himself, not with that molestation conviction.  And Sailor?  Please!  He needs a leash to know where to go to the bathroom, no joke.  Giving either of them any portion of that money would put them, Papi, and anyone else they came into contact with into danger.

Unleashing that kind of misery I could never live with.  So I talked to God about it and when we were done I felt better, and I picked up my things and went on with His blessings to a better life.

5

Everyone in this world is so full of shit; they all walk around talking how theyre going to do this and do that; all they need is their big break to make it happen.

How many of those people actually follow through?

Lot of people never even realize when their break comes.  They come into money and spend it on stupid shit like jewelry and new sneakers instead of what they really need to be spending it on.  Opportunity could fall right into their lap, but would they take a risk and grab it?  Probably not, because most people stay right where they are in life because theyre scared.

See, I realize all of this now because Ive had the time to think about the mistakes that got me on the streets in the first place.  For three years Ive thought about my life and told God, You give me a second chance, and I will not screw it up this time!  Wont hit my wife, get into fights, put shit up my nose, I wont even drink.  When I get my break, Im going a hundred percent clean.

If youve never lived on the streets then you have no idea what its like.  Its everything you think it might be and worse, especially if you had it all and lost it.  Every day when the sun came through the clouds and I heard the traffic echo, my heart would just sink.  Every morning I had to wake up and remember, Yup, this aint a dream, this is how Im living now. 

An unlocked church with a warm meal and warm bed at least gave me the inspiration to talk to God, even if I didnt think he was listening.  And Id say to him, God, please give me a second chance.  Just one more chance, please!

Three years of my life in alleys and shelters doorways piles of clothes, under blankets under trees in parks, corners of bridges. For three years I had to worry every time I closed my eyes that some fool was going to start hitting me or maybe even stab me or some shit.  I might not wake up at all.  For three years I felt like God didnt hear me, not until that day that we found Lowell in the alley and that live check in his dead hand.

It wasnt dirty money, at least not for me it wasnt.  It was a blessing from God.

***

All I left the streets with was a nasty thrift-store polo, a couple of notebooks, and some pictures of my family.  Found myself a cheap as hell apartment to live in and paid my rent three months in advance to keep the old lady who owned the place from asking questions.  Then I dropped another five hundred on new clothes, fifty at a salon, and a grand on a car good enough to get me from place to place.  When all was said and done I had some decent walking-around money and was ready to get out and find a job.

Before my life fell apart I owned a salvage service; Id pick up totaled cars at auctions, rip the parts, and sell them. Sometimes Id even put a whole new car together, but mostly I just stuck to selling the parts.  It was a damn fine business too; most cars out there are worth more as parts than they are as a car.  

I visited a few mechanic shops to see if they needed any help but changed my mind once I found out how much they were planning to pay me.  Seriously, I didnt spend three years in a gutter so I could make eleven bucks an hour.  I was determined to make it, not just get by.

There was a used car dealership near my place so I stopped in, and they hired me on the spot after I told them Id spent the last three years traveling.  Id never sold cars before, but I liked the fact that I had some control over how much money Id be making.  There were three days of training and after that Id get a four hundred draw plus commission.  

I mustve done all right, because a few weeks into it Mitch, the boss, says to me, Youre going to do well here, Deacon.  Youre always here on time; youre always ready to work.  Thats good.  A lot of guys in the business act like they couldnt care less.  Come in here and read the damn news on their computer for an hour and a half.

Really? I asked.  Why would you get a job if you arent going to work it?

Mitch shrugged.  We get a lot of people who are just fine waiting for their next sale to fall into their lap.  If you wanna be good, you gotta get out there and walk the lot, sweat every once in a while.  Waiting might get you by, but thats about it.

I smiled.  I know what you mean.  Ive played the waiting game. Now Im ready to make things happen.

***

In all the years that we were together, she always told me how much she hated the suburbs.  Oh Im a city girl, Tonya used to tell me, Im never going to move out of the city.

A few weeks into my new place I decided to see where she was staying.  It didnt take long to find her in some cookie cutter neighborhood way out in BFE.  The street was called Chestnut and was located between Almond and Sunflower.  It was one of those new neighborhoods, so new that there werent even any trees yet.  All the yards just had these little sticks that looked like they could get knocked over by a strong wind.  

Deep down my urban honey was just itching to be another bored housewife.  Shows how much I knew, huh?

Then again, maybe the suburbs werent her choice per se.  See, Id also found out that she was seeing someone.  Somehow theyd even gotten married though I thought that was illegal; I was her husband and had never agreed to a divorce.

Her adulterous husbands name was Raul.  Raul Recendez.  When I first saw his name, I was expecting him to be this swank Lothario sexing up my wife with washboard abs and shit.  Boy was I wrong; dude was a mechanic.  And fat.  He was Mexican too, but I think that was pretty clear based on his name.  Only thing I liked about him was that he worked a lot.  That meant I could go by the house and not worry about some crazy guy running out and beating me and shit.

At least once a week Id stop by and park across the street just to see if I could catch a glimpse of her, Roderick, or Jayden.  Usually by the time I got over there it was late, and at most Id glimpse just a shadow or two through closed windows.

One lucky night I got there just as the kids were getting ready for bed.  I actually saw Roderick run by the window briefly; I knew it was him because he was so much smaller than the other shadows.  That little guy, he came out small, and we used to tell him when he was a baby that one day hes going to be huge.  Smiling I repeated it to myself, Dont worry Roddy, youre going to be a big man when youre older.  Youll be able to lift a tree all by yourself.

Then the window closed.

Let me tell you, I only saw him for maybe one second, but that really just made my night. It made everything worth it.  I just love them all so much it makes me want to scream when I think of them out there in the world, living their lives without me in it.

Still, there was nothing I could do, at least not yet.  If I wanted to win her back, I had to get out there and make something of myself, show her I was a better man than I used to be.  Shed have to be able to trust me with business, keep things together, not lose control.

So I did what I knew how to do best: I prayed.  Dear God, just give me one more chance with my Tonya, give me one more chance to raise my family.  I showed you that I know how to make right, and Ill do better this time, I promise!

6

Six months into my job at the dealership and Id become one of the top producers.  They asked me to do a commercial and told me it was because I was such a good salesman.  I wasnt stupid; it was because I was a good salesman and I was black.  There was another black guy there, but he couldnt sell blood to a dude dying on the beach so he was out.  

They filmed me walking around the lot talking about what specials I had going on and telling everyone to come see me.  Some of the sales guys were real excited; they said Deacon, everyones going to see you on TV man.  Later on, I wondered if any of my old street buddies had seen it.

My place was small, but I made it nice with the money I made selling cars.  First I painted it, then I bought some new furniture, and finally I set up a home office so I could start scouring the auction pages again.  Id resolved that I was going to do better business this time, not horde my money and blow off people who needed help.

Right before I lost it all I almost went crazy.  Id sell parts that I knew were junk, mark others up four or five hundred percent, or take payment and not even deliver.  You could call me a grade A son of a bitch, and youd be absolutely right.

Now I was going to use this chance to put right everything that Id done wrong by doing business the way youre supposed to.  I wouldnt make quite as much money but who knows?  Maybe I could build a reputation for being honest, and people would search me out because theyd know Im trustworthy.  I could start with a little mechanics shop, sell some cars on the side, help people get financing, just go from there.

Thats the hardest thing to do, I think: make an honest living by actually being honest!

***

Besides my landlord nobody ever came to see me, so when someone began banging on my door around midnight I couldnt help but tense up.

If Id learned anything from being on the streets it was that no good comes from people who run around when its all dark outside.  Good people, they stay all in the light where you can see em.  Bad guys, they like the dark.  

My landlord had only ever come to my place three times, and it was always in the morning.  When she came shed just tap my door all gentle like tap-tap-tap.  Like she was afraid of waking someone.  This was a different kind of knock, this was hard and heavy BAA-BAA-BAA and sounded very loud in my small space.  BAA-BAA-BAA it rang out again and I could feel my chest freeze up with fear, the animalistic terror of being trapped with nowhere to go.  

It reminded me of when I used to wake up in the middle of the night and hear people fucking with one of us.  Some buddy of mine would be getting harassed or robbed or beaten or some shit, and Id always just try to lay there as quietly as possible, praying silently that whoever it was would just ignore me and go away

Mr. Wilson?  A deep, monotone voice demanded from the other side of the door.  Mr. Wilson, open the door please.  

Careful like I crept up to the door and looked through the peephole into the hallway.  All I could make out was the bottom of a huge chin, the remainder of the face covered by some kind of large hat.  Mr. Wilson?  While not specifically threatening, the voice was scary in its own way.  Please open the door, Mr. Wilson.

We stood there, he outside and me inside, each waiting for the other to make a move.  He went first, reaching down to jiggle my doorknob.  On instinct I hit the latch on a door that was already locked, and that was the only cue he needed.  

He raised his head and looked back through the peephole right at me with eyes blue like crystal.  Open this door, Mr. Wilson.  

Summoning my inner city tough guy I swallowed hard and answered back.  Naw dawg. Listen, there aint no Wilson here.  No you get on outa her unless you wanna get all lit up and shit.

He never even blinked.  Please open the door Mr. Wilson.  He repeated for the umpteenth time.

Man, I done told you, there aint no Wilson here.  Im about ten seconds away from blasting you so...  Just for good measure I added:  I gotta gun.

Carefully I backed away from the door and closer to my couch.  My gun was as solid as my plan B; basically nonexistent.  For a minute however it seemed like my threat had worked.  There was no voice, no jiggling, no nothing.  It was quiet as hell.

Then his fist came through my door, busting the whole thing up into long shards of wood and particle board.  The hand felt around my side of the wall for what seemed like forever before finally locating and undoing the deadbolt and latch.  The door swung open and there he was, head to toe in what looked like some kind of Nazi getup from a costume shop: large policemans hat, dressy coat, tall boots, big old belt, all that shit.  Everything he wore was black and shiny and his face was a scowl chiseled in stone.

We locked eyes, he and I.  Wheres your gun?  He asked, towering over me.

Honestly, Im really surprised I didnt just piss myself.  Never in my life had somebody wanted to get at me bad enough to punch through a damn door.  The fact that this guy did told me one thing  I was screwed as hell.  All he did though was just stand there.  Didnt do nothing, didnt even come in.  He just stared at me looking all mad and then just backed up into the hallway and walked away.  No yelling or punching or anything.  Then it was completely quiet except for the soft pat of shoes coming closer from down the hallway.

The Man stepped into my apartment wearing a black suit and a black Burberry trench coat and a white scarf around his neck to kind of break up all the dark.  I knew immediately who he was, and thats exactly what I said to him.  He smiled casually and looked around my place as if it was his own and someone had moved in and started using his things.  What really got me, as he scrutinized everything in my home down to the last detail, was how young he seemed.  No way was he any older than twenty-eight or twenty-nine.

Well, he began, Hans said you had done very well for yourself, and I must say I am rather impressed.  He lingered at my desk and fingered some auction papers Id been reviewing earlier.  Seriously Deacon, I rather doubted youd be able to do all this in a mere seven months!

Youyoure him! I repeated, this time pointing for emphasis.

He cocked his head when I said that and smiled.  Well, if by him you mean the Bad Samaritan or whatever ridiculous moniker your peers have assigned to me lately then, yes, I guess I am him.  

God I pleaded.  Oh please, God help me  

Seven or so feet away from me he knelt down, too far away to touch me but still close enough to scare the living shit out of me.  He smiled constantly and his eyes radiated a dark intensity of a man whos seen and done unspeakable things.  Oh come now, Deacon.  God gave you your break, now leave the man alone.  Dont you think he has better things to do than answer to your every beck and call?  With a high-pitched little laugh he added, Hes not some magical genie that you can simply conjure whenever you want your wishes granted!

Please I begged.  Ill give you your money back.  Thats what you want right?  All the money plus interest, right?  Look, I can get most of it tonight, the rest Ill have in a week.  I am so good for it, I swear, I can pull it against my draw and just give it to you, whatever you want! 

He shook his head.  No, no, no; I dont think that will do at all.  Try to understand things from my perspective  I never pay money in installments, so I cant be paid back that way either.  Its all about being fair.

The stupidity of his logic caused me to grind my teeth together.  How much?  Spit and drool erupted from my mouth.  How much do you want?  Ill get it; Ill get all of it tonight!

The Bad Samaritan paced the room a bit, examining my attempt at modern decoration in an 80-year-old space.  Randomly he said, Eighteen thousand, four hundred twenty-seven dollars and thirty-six cents.

My eyes bulged.  What?

Im sorry Deacon, but usury laws dont apply to black market transactions.  

But theres no way I can pay that!

The Bad Samaritan chuckled.  Then you probably shouldnt have taken the money!

You gave it away! I cried.  You gave it to Lowell, and hes dead.

Its still his money, he added.  He earned it and its his money, live or die.  Now I have to write another check for five grand and pay someone in the morgue to stick it in your friends pocket, which means the five grand you took still belongs to me, and you also owe me the time and cost it took me to get your friend his payment.

My breathing felt out of control.  That doesnt make any sense at all!

It doesnt have to.  Im rich!

I bit my lip, hard.  So are you going to kill me?

Me?  No!  Hans, he might.  A motion to the door finally gave a name to the Nazi grunt.  He hates it when Im not paid back in a timely manner.

So what now? 

Now?  Why, now we go for a fabulous ride!

***

With Hans mere inches behind, me my mind wasnt really sorting things out right, so when I finally saw the black limousine it didnt fully register what it was.  Kind of like when youre walking down the street and all of a sudden you see somebody famous and first youre like hey but then a few seconds later it really settles in and you trip out a bit.  Only difference here was that instead of looking back and yelling hey, Hans grabbed my arm and threw me into the car.  The Bad Samaritan followed me in and took his place across from me, back to the drivers area where Hans would sit.  He looked at me, sighed, and smiled.  The doors locked.  The car started.

Id never actually been in a real limo; Id been in a limo towncar but those are just big cars.  This was the kind of limo you see in a movie; a long car with a little space in the back where a group of people could sit comfortably and chat.  There were blue neon lights that lit the space with a gentle glow and spaces where liquor bottles and glasses could be (and were) stored. 

Several feet lay between the Bad Samaritan and me.  I kept expecting him to say something, but he didnt; he just sat there almost like he was thinking about a math problem or wanted to laugh but didnt do anything.  Then he reached into his jacket, which made me all tense but he just pulled out his phone.  There was no radio and no sound except for the Ka-Clonk of the wheels over the road and the occasional boop from his phone.

I moved my foot, and when he didnt say anything, I moved my hand closer to the door.  He tsk-tsked slightly and said, It hurts more than you would think to hit the ground at this speed.  All well have to do is slow down and back up. He smiled the entire time without ever looking up.

The neighborhood changed from houses to downtown to factories and finally to fields and empty lots.  These were the places I never even went when I was homeless, much less now.  I pondered means of escape, but they all ended in the same place Hans racing to catch me, the Bad Samaritan pulling out some gun, me getting run over, me getting beaten to death.  

Deacon! I looked over. and he had put his phone away and was now looking at me.  Tell me, would you like to enjoy some of this delightful champagne with me?  He gestured to a bottle in one of the little cubbies.  Its a Korbel from the harvest three years ago and incredibly divine like you wouldnt imagine.  Ka-clonk, Ka-clonk, the tires said as we passed over the pavement and under a train bridge.  The shadow darkened the window for a second and another sound resonated in my ears.  Chop, chop, chop.

 Well? he repeated, and I shook my head.  Still not drinking I take it?  How incredibly boring!  He poured himself a glass and began sipping, eyes on me the entire time.

It was late and I wasnt hungry, but my stomach started growling.  His gaze was penetrating, like he had the book of your life sitting right there in his lap.  It was like he already knew everything.  My bowls started to shift and I knew gas was coming, but there was no was in hell I was farting back here in this little room with this guy looking at me.  

Are you sweating on the seat? he asked. 

Seat?  My bowls churned, and my breathing felt short.  The first time I ever smoked weed I was sixteen.  I wondered if not getting high that one time would have changed anything

Youre getting so sweaty.  Like a mop.  Do you need to borrow my scarf?  He unwrapped the scarf from his neck and tossed it toward me where it landed on the floor by my foot.  I picked it up reluctantly and it felt soft, just like her legs.  Was she sleeping right now?   I bet she was, peaceful and warm.

Such a mess.  This will be fine, Hans, the Bad Samaritan said as the limo pulled off the pockmarked two-lane road into a gravel lot.  Gray dust smoked the windows, and pebbles clicked underneath the car as we drove through to a spot behind a wall, hidden from passing eyes.  She used to smell like vanilla and pout when we were out of sweet tea.  My eyes felt moist, and I vowed to myself that no matter how much it hurt, Id think of her.

Well Mister Wilson, are you ready to pay your debt? the Bad Samaritan asked, champagne glass raised.  I clutched at the door handle and pushed, determined now or never to make my escape.  I pushed hard, and the door wouldnt give.  Oh Deacon, did you not think wed have safety locks on the doors?  On its own the door swung open, and I fell onto the sharp rocks.  A meaty hand wrapped around my neck and up I went, off the ground and into the air.  My urge to fly away turned to rage, and I flailed against the hands of the giant carrying me to my death.

Hans pushed me and I fell to the ground again, hard.  I was determined not to die on my knees and I jumped up, foaming at the mouth.  Hans stood next to the Bad Samaritan holding a white sack and a large saw.  Somewhere against a nearby building a light buzzed, and farther still horns honked on a freeway.  Here metal teeth gleamed in the darkness, sharp, ready to cut my bones and muscles.

My skin got hot and my palms were sweating.  Imagine they were hurting her. Imagine Hans on top of her, his cock inside her, and hes sawing off her arm, and shes screaming.  Shes screaming!

You want me?  Come on!  Come get me!  I flung a handful of tiny rocks at Hans who stood there, motionless.  

Oh, I do want you Deacon.  The Bad Samaritan reached into his coat.  And Im about to have you any way Id like.  He pulled out a string of condoms and held them aloft.

Then you come get me.  Come get me! Cowards!  Cowards!

In the empty lot laughter, first slight, then louder, began to ring out.  The Bad Samaritan put the condoms away and began to hunch over laughing.  Oh Deacon, Im simply joshing you!  What did you think we were going to do, rape your ass and then cut you up with this large metal saw before putting you in this sack for disposal?  He waited, and when I didnt say anything he said, Thats ridiculous!  These are yours!

Hans tossed them to the dirt, first the saw, then the sack.

What? 

Theyre yours.

I snatched the saw and held as you would a sword.  Alright, now what you got?  Huh?

Youre not going to take the sack?  

Fuck your sack!

Fine, you can carry my laundry in a box.  But whatever you do, dont lose the saw.  Wordlessly Hans produced a piece of paper and held it out to me.  I grabbed it from him and darted back like a mouse from a cat.

What you have there is my address.  Be there Monday morning at 9 a.m. sharp.  My branches need cutting, and my laundry needs to go out.

You want me to work for you?  Be a damn maid?

But of course, Deacon.  You have to pay me back somehow!

I stared at the address.  It was written on memo paper and across the top was a header:  From the Desk of Willard Hawk.  So he had a real name.  Before you say no, I should have you know that Ive taken the liberty of pricing out the entirety of your organs from head to toe.  I have the utmost confidence that if you wont willingly repay my loan, Hans can recoup my investment.

But Why?  Why me?

Because, you owe me money! Hawk answered with a giggle.

I mean why arent you killing me?

Killing you?  Why would I ever do something like that?

Because thats what you do.  You hurt people.

That sounds simplistic, doesnt it?  He awaited a reply, but I didnt offer one.  I wasnt going to argue with a man giving me a chance to not die.  Most of the people in this world dont get it, but you dont get it less.  You took my money, but you spent it in a manner I might have were I in your situation.  In my book that deserves more than a summary evisceration.  Wouldnt you agree?

I swallowed hard.

Plus, my housemaid was deported.

My heart rate was dropping, and I felt myself getting a chill.  The beads of cooling sweat all over my body were making me cold, and my legs shivered.

So, well be seeing you there?  Remember, 9 a.m. sharp!  The two men walked back to the car and got inside.

Youre leaving?  

The door slammed shut, and Hawk leaned out the window.  Of course we are.  We have to get to Janines Diner before they run out of sticky buns!  

I looked around the lot.  It was the middle of the night, and I was surrounded by graffiti-stained walls and shuttered factories.  Man, but I dont know where I am.

Hawk laughed uproariously, slapping his knee as he did so.  Oh, you should see yourself right now.  You look hilarious, why theres a huge pee stain on the front of your pants!

It was true.  I hadnt even noticed the large dark spot until now.

Dont sleep in now, otherwise well start looking for you on Tuesday!  Drive Hans, drive!  And with that the limo peeled out in a cloud of ashy dust leaving me alone in the lot with a wet pair of pants, a dirty laundry bag, and the echo of high-pitched laughter fading into the night.

7

On Sunday I went to New Life of Bethlehem Church and sat through the morning service and then spent some time alone just contemplating.  It was refreshing, being somewhere nobody knew you yet somewhere everyone could celebrate His glory together.  Nobody could talk to me about what Id been through, and nobody needed to.  Id survived it.  All that mattered to me was that God and I could talk about it, together.

On the streets I never much thought about my life choices.  Youre always so tired that you dont have time to think about that kind of shit.  The best time to sleep is during the day, but thats also when theres work and its noisy so you have to do something.  But at night people fuck with you, and it gets cold, and police will creep up on you if youre not careful.  You can never sleep well at all.  Unless youve been there, you really dont get it.

The first night after I got the money, I went to that church and then caught a bus going across town.  Then I wasnt sure where I was going to settle, but it was gonna be somewhere far from the streets Id been living on.  I found a cheap room while the sky was still gold and passed clear out; I woke up and it was the middle of the next day.  When I got up and looked in the mirror my face already looked years younger.

The streets will age you in ways you cant even imagine.  I paid for another night, bought a soda, and leaned against a railing upstairs.  A woman with tats on her tits walked by and said hello.  I hadnt fucked in so long and I ached.  

That night I didnt sleep as well though. I thought about them, Sailor and Lion, how I left them there.  Cops hassling them.  Deacon, Deacon!  Lions voice still called out to me after all this time.  Any other time I could have run off and nobody would have said a word.  But me leaving him like that, he sounded so helpless so betrayed.

Got change?  A tall lanky man with a beard asked me when I left the church.  The Sunday crowd had long since cleared out, and it was just he and I.  He chewed his lips while I dug a five spot out of my pocket, and he crumbled it into his grimy hand.  God bless ya sir.  Off he went without so much as a smile.  

God bless you.  I whispered to no one in particular, my debt of karma still well on unpaid.

***

The house was in a neighborhood where the lots didnt even have fences, just like little chains that ran around the edges.  No sidewalks either, just bushes and sculptures and shit.  Not a single person walking.  The houses were kinda far apart and most didnt have numbers; as I drove the block looking for the place, my pride in my little ol hoopty began to turn to embarrassment.

The address was a parking lot with a large white wall and some bushes.  That was it.  I drove up where I could and hit a button on a speaker box.

State your business.

Im Deacon Wilson.  Im uh, supposed to work?

Silence, then a loud buzz, followed by a section of the wall sliding away.  Drive through. The voice said and I tried to lighten the situation by imagining some dude at the end of the driveway holding a coke and a paper bag full of tacos.  Ha.  Instead I found a suit with a white buzzed hair cut scowling at me.  He didnt say a word until I pulled right up and just sat there.

Turn off the car.

Where do I park?

Just turn off the car.  He repeated and thats what I did.  I got out slowly.  Wheres the saw and the laundry bag?  I grabbed them and held them outright, as if to give them back.  He sneered.  You know what youre supposed to be doing today?  I looked at the bag and the saw.  The saw is for the branches growing in front of the cameras.  The laundry bag is for laundry.

Okay.

This is the house.  The structure behind him was a white cube with a first floor composed of mostly windows and minimal enough furniture that I could see straight through to the lake in the back.  Boss is out of town, so make it look pretty.  

Out of town?  

Till next week.  Well shit.  Couldve gotten a head start on that asshole, make him find me.   But in case you think about pulling the wool on me  The man opened his coat just enough so the sun could catch the metal shield.  This here is my part time gig; I make most of my money with the city, got it?  So dont risk my pension by making me do anything stupid.  There went Plan C; taking everything to the police and having this whole arrangement blow up in Hawks face.  The man turned and began to walk, fast.  Alright, come along, then he stopped and said, You know what, move that piece of shit car.

***

There was no air conditioning in my apartment.  Some city guys had been working on a pole and messed some shit up so it was hot as hell.  I was already sweaty from cutting limbs and collecting clothes all day.  Plus I smelled weird too, this combination of cut grass and expensive colognes mixed together with gym musk and my own scent.

Over the next hour or so I began to strip down from clothes to undershirt to boxers and finally a towel wrapped around my waist just so I could air out a little.  A paper was on the corner of my desk (still lots of great bargains in print that werent online) but I didnt feel like looking at it.  Instead I cracked my ancient laptop from the pawnshop with the intention of surfing some classified ads site but didnt find anything the least bit appealing.  

My mind went into search mode and I looked her up, some album on some forgotten site that had pictures of her and the boys.  They were at the park and it was sunny, shed gained maybe 15 pounds but it looked good on her.  Maybe I always hassled her a bit too much about her weight, I dont know. But there she was, there with my boys, looking all happy with crowds of people and balloons and shit all over the place.  Smiling big too!  Fun times.  

I took a damp rag and sopped the moisture from my skin.  There was some guy who wasnt Raul in a few of the pics. White guy, thin with short hair and a goatee.  Not her type, no way.  But they had their arms all on each other kind of halfheartedly so maybe she needed the money, who knows.  I could understand that.  But that guy dont look like he made good money.  I dont know.  Whatever.

Fuck it was so hot.  The breeze from my window wasnt enough to keep me from burning up, and bugs were getting into the cracks in the screen.  I lay on the bed with the lights out and stared at the ceiling, resisting the temptation to keep delving into the life she lived while I was gone.  I needed to keep my mind focused, in the game.  I had to get this Hawk guy away from me and then we could pick up where we left off, figure out some way we can build a life together.

I love you, Tonya.

8

Monday I did the laundry and cut the branches.  Tuesday I swept the entire house and then mopped, a process that took longer because Melvin (that was the cops name) made me go back and clean the spaces in between the tiles. Wednesday I had to mow the grass and then fertilize it, followed by spraying these wasp nests that had shown up in the trees.  Thursday we spent all day moving the furniture; wed switch things up, Melvin would take a picture on his phone, text it, and then someone would send him something back.  Friday I had to detail every one of the nine cars in the garage one by one.  That in itself wasnt so bad, but Melvin also gave me a stack of receipts to organize too.  I spent the day in a chair at the detail shop putting little illegible scraps of paper into a bunch of boxes, packing up, getting a new car, coming back over, putting receipts in boxes, and doing that all day long.  

Some of the receipts were innocuous:  bottled water, gloves, a lint roller.  Others I wasnt so sure about:  chicken wire, propane torch, ninety-foot length of chain.  

When I brought back the last car, Id finished the receipts and put the box upstairs in the office I cleaned on Tuesday.  When I turned around Hawk was there, Hans behind him.

Why hello, Deacon!  Arent you going to welcome me back to town?

Welcome back.

He walked in slowly, smiling the whole time.  Hans stood in the doorway, stone-faced.

My house  Hawk ran a finger across the top of a wall protrusion and licked it.  it looks exceptionally beautiful.  Not a speck of dust.  Im so impressed!

I do what I can.  Does this make us even?

Even?  Why we arent even close to being settled yet!  Youve spent only a mere week working for me.  He walked to the window Id just Windexed and placed his palm in the middle before staring out.  If I had to calculate that labor on the open market Id say it was worth seven, eight an hour?  With forty hours minus taxes, why Id say youve barely covered this weeks interest!

Aw come on man!  What do you want? Hans grimaced, and Hawk raised his hand.  Still smiling, always smiling.

What do I want?  Ill tell you what I want:  I want to know your size.
Size?  Clothing size?

No.  Boat size.  Hawk laughed then turned to me, grabbing me in a tight embrace.  He was stronger than he appeared, one of those types who wasnt large but whose bodies were solid.  Youre such a hoot Deacon.  Pulling back with his hands firmly on my shoulders he looked me up and down, sighing almost sensually.  Id say youre size 31 in the waist.  Medium shirt.  These arms are getting beefy though.

Sure.  If you say so, my voice wavered a little.  His eyes were dark and intense, his breath fresh but with a hint of something there, like someone who smokes then brushes his teeth afterward. 

Do you think Im punishing you?

Maybe.

 Ill never punish you as long as youre doing the right thing, Deacon.  Do you understand?

No.

Again he sighed heavily.  Well soon you will.  He released my arms and gently tugged on my shirt.  But first Im going to get you some decent clothes.

9

Into the lobby and past all the sexy people we walked, stopping only briefly so Hawk could tell the bouncer his name and pass a velvet rope leading to an elevator.  Behind us the throngs were held against the wall like cattle.  Our destination was an open elevator into which the bouncer directed us.  Let us know if we can do anything for you, Mr. Hawk, he said.  Hawk said nothing.  

We stood there alone in silence as the doors closed.  This place looks pretty cool, I said.

Oh, its not cool.  This place is actually incredibly boring.  Hawk yawned before carefully adjusting his hair in the infinite number of reflections staring at him in the mirrored walls.  Also remember that we have work tomorrow, so try to limit yourself to ten drinks.

I dont drink.

Alcohol or anything at all?

I drink liquids.  Pepsi and stuff.

Well then.  I promise to keep that in mind.

The doors opened, and we stepped off.  Pulse was a hot club on the top of a brand new hotel, and at that moment it was the beating heart of the scene.  The crowds were thick and noisy and beautiful, packed with the kind of people I always wanted to be like but couldnt because I was poor and black.  Beyond the people, the room was surrounded with windows stretching from floor to ceiling, and beyond them, the endless city lights.  It was new air to me, something you see in a movie where everyone is young and rich, and every night is an orgy of parties and pleasure.

I followed them both through the crowd.  People didnt necessarily stare, but they still carved a path for him wherever he went.  Or maybe it was just Hans, who towered over most of the crowd and stuck out with his hat and black uniform.  Neither Hawk nor Hans changed expression despite the women, the music, the drinks, anything.  I kept up behind as best I could while the crowd packed in every last bit of empty space behind us.

There was a velvet rope surrounding an oblong metallic table at the far end of the club, and when Hawk approached, a young guy with red hair ran over.  Click.  The rope was open, and we walked in.  Your server will be with you in a moment.  He said as we seated ourselves in a semicircle before melting back into the crowd.  

Hans sat rigidly upright and aloof, looking at everybody and nobody.  Hawk reclined with his arms wrapped around the back of his chair glancing around the room at nothing in particular.  This was Friday night.  

What do we do now?

Nothing, Hawk bemoaned.  There is nothing to do here. This is a terribly boring place, wouldnt you agree?

Around us crowds of beautiful women danced and drank.  Well  It was an odd question, considering everyone was avoiding our little roped-off section like a mine field lined with razor wire.  They danced and drank and partied their young lives away while in our section we sat.  Im not sure; It seems like it might be kind of fun, you know, out there?

Hawk slapped his knee and gave off his little high-pitched laugh.  Oh Deacon, of course its boring in here!  Its boring everywhere!  But at least in here we dont have to touch them.  I mean really, do you want a bunch of drunken idiots running into you, spilling their drinks all over you, trying to act cool when we all know theyre just a bunch of animals?  He stared at me expecting agreement before adding, Arent they?

Man.  I guess.  There could be some real cool people hanging around out there.

You mean for sexual intercourse?

Naw, not necessarily.  There could be some cool dudes, too.

Ah, so youre bisexual? Hawk cooed.  Splendid!

Wha?  Hawk started laughing, and I wasnt sure if he was kidding or not.  No, no, no.  I just mean there may be some cool people for like, friends and stuff.  Thats all.

Oh Deacon, please, Hawk said rolling his eyes.  People dont come here to make friends; they come here to be seen!  Look at all of them, dancing and whoring it up like a Persian menagerie.  Do you think a single person out there cares about attaining your friendship?

I dont know, I havent even been out there!

Deacon, these people are beyond cattle, theyre racks of meat ready to ship to restaurants.  Goodness, the only reason they like me is because Im rich!

Then why are they all here? I demanded to know.

Why to be seen, of course! Hawk smiled smugly.

By who?  Whos watching them?

You are, obviously, Hawk replied.  But theyre here to be seen by me.

You?

Oh of course!  But its only because Im the most wealthy person here.  If someone with more means than I came in theyd all stop glancing at me and start fawning all over him.  Hawks gaze drifted from the crowd back to me.  Young, attractive, smart, old, ugly, poor; theyre all still cattle.

I shook my head.  Come on man, youre putting me on.  Do you really believe that?  Hawk met my questioning with one of his trademark glares.  What? 

Click.  Our waitress arrived, a hot little tanned number with white teeth in a black dress.  She placed a silver bucket down on the table, bottles of champagne sticking out the top.  As she leaned down Hawk touched her arm gently, whispered something in her ear, and smiled. She smiled back and patted him on the shoulder.  He looked at me the entire time.

Such an idealist, Hawk said, shaking his head as she left.

Who?  Me?

Everyone, Hawk leaned in, conspiratorially.  But Im going to break you of those bad habits.  Tell me Deacon, do you like to gamble?

No, I didnt like to gamble.  I fucking loved to gamble, I loved gambling but what bit me was that gambling didnt love me back.  That was another habit Id left far behind and wasnt about to pick it back up tonight.  Not really.  

Mmm, but gambling is so incredibly amusing!  Do you know why?  It forces someone to put what they really believe on the line.  You can reveal more with gambling than you ever could with a simple conversation, as long as the stakes are high enough.  What stakes could be high enough to make you play?

Nothing man, Im straight.

I bet you are, Hawk flashed teeth and continued.  Were going to wager your freedom Deacon, how does that sound?  If you win, your debt to me is paid in full, and you can leave tonight.  Defying my will, the corners of my mouth crept up in amusement.  If I win, I triple your debt, and youll continue to pay me back in any way or means I see fit.  Do you accept?

Not necessarily refusing, I said You didnt even tell me what were betting on.

Oh yes I did.  Were betting if these people are cattle or not.  And its very simple, really.  Ill pick someone out of the crowd, and you have to convince them to go downstairs and help jump start your car.

Seriously?  You could pick the bartender, man.  Theyre not going to leave...

Ah, ah, ah Im not done.  Then you pick someone, anyone; man or woman, and I guarantee Ill have my fingers inside of them within the hour.  Grinning he added, You can even pick the bartender.

It was a ludicrous proposition and certainly not one I felt like taking a chance on.  Still, Hawk pressed.  Why are you shaking your head while laughing?  Which part is funny, fingers in a random person or jump starting a car?  If its my condition for victory you find preposterous, surely youll win.  All you have to do is find one person willing to leave this bar, go downstairs with a black male sporting dreadlocks, follow him to his car in the dark, and help him get it started, presumably with their much nicer car.  

Look, Im not saying I couldnt do that...

Then why dont you?

Why didnt I?  Because you got money man, all you gotta do is bribe somebody.  Say hey, Ill give you a thousand dollars if you let me finger you.

Even if you pick the person?

Maybe man may beI dont know.

So you wont play my game?

No.  Not tonight.

Then I won.  I wont triple your debt, but I still won.

We didnt even do the bet, how did you win?

Because, by not participating you told me just as much as you would have had you taken the bet and ran right straight into the crowd for help.  If you were truly convinced the people here werent attention-seeking pricks, youd have taken the chance to earn your freedom in the span of minutes.  And you know I always keep my promises.  You have about as much faith in them as I do.

The waitress came back and put a highball glass down in front of me.  She had already moved out of earshot before I could have her take it back.

Drink it.  Its special for you.

What is it?

Poison! Hawk shouted loud enough to draw some eyes.

I rose and followed the waitress back to the bar with the glass in hand.  Whats this?

She scrunched her eyes quizzically.  Pepsi.  Its what your friend said you wanted.  I can change it if you want.

No.  Pepsi is fine, I muttered and looked back at Hawk, arms raised, smile huge, roped off in his own little section in a land full of the young and dancing.

10

You want me to help you?

Youve already been helping me, but I have so much more for you to do, Deacon!  I dont want to waste your talents having you trim branches and mow the lawn.

I looked out the window as we drove.  It was a pastime of Hawks, just driving around looking at shit.  It wasnt the flashing lights and glam that interested him though, it was the fucked up shit he wanted to see; the factories, the scraped lots, the old suburbs, closed schools. Thats what fascinated him.

You killed a guy I know.  There are people out there that are terrified of you.  Worried youre gonna torture them to death.

Really?  All smiles.  And what do you think?

Something that I never would have had the balls to say a week ago popped into my head.  In my book youre nothing but a killer.

He just kept staring at me, unblinking, until the entire back of the limo got all hot, never saying a word.  My pulse began to speed up a bit, and my stomach twisted.  I should have known better. 

Ha, Ha, Ha! He burst out laughing, slapped his knee, and did a little shake in his seat.  Sorry, but I absolutely love doing that!  Its so amusing to make people uncomfortable, especially when they get all shifty like you do!  His mannerisms were deliberate but still had this feminine quality to them.  It was too easy to forget that this was a man universally feared within the citys underbelly.  Your friends, what do they say about me? 

Man, I dont knowthat youre crazy.  You kill people.  Youre the devil.

Not about me, he said.  What do they say about what I do?

Nothing.  They dont say anything.  And that was the truth, we never really looked at what he did; just that it was the natural extension of someone we thought was pretty messed up to begin with.  The shit you do, its all just fucked up.

Stooped down in the back of the limo Hawk crept over and took the seat next to me with a gentle nudge.  Putting his arm around me over the seat he said, Thats incredibly insightful.  Tell me, is the term fucked up a verb or adjective in your description?

What do you want me to say?  You asked what we thought, and I told you.

You missed the point entirely, Deacon.  He pulled his arm tighter around me and leaned close to my ear.  What I want you to see is that theres a difference between the act and the man.  You think Im this bloodthirsty demon when really I am an angel sent from heaven, bringing blessings to your lives.

I thought back to Lowell, his bloated body stiff and blue on the sidewalk, his face a mask of pain.

Reading my book, Hawk said: Your friend, the one you took the money from?  He killed himself.

Bullshit, I said.  You did it.  Hawks lips were inches from mine, and slightly open.  He seemed as if he might actually kiss me.

Of course I didnt, he whispered.  Ive never killed anyone in my entire life.
How did he die, then?

He injected himself with bleach.

You injected him with it.

No I didnt.  He had a choice.

When?  Before or after you pumped him full of that shit?

Hawk smiled and pulled back, his hand traveling across my back from my shoulder to my leg.  I tested him, Deacon.  His desire for financial gain was stronger than his will to survive.  Tell me, have you ever run for political office?  Like President of the Homeless?

I hadnt, I told him.  Hawk continued.  Its such a painso many meetings, babies, reports and work for the rather meager and thankless rewards of civil service.  Now, do you think anyone gets into that messy business hoping that one day theyll get lucky, and those ugly babies they kissed will magically turn into gold?  He slapped his knee and laughed.  Of course not; if you wanted to get rich youd go into business!  Every corrupt Fat Cat sucking bribes and helping his friends is nothing more than a disillusioned idealist whose price was found and paid for.  Now do you understand?

A human being died.  What does that have to do with politics?

Politics forces people to make choices, and sometimes the wrong choice is fatal.  Your friend made his when he decided to inject himself with whatever I decided to hand him.  He knew what was in the syringe might kill him, but you know what?  He took that chance anyway.

He didnt know, I said.

Yes, he did know.  He knew and he failed.  You, on the other hand, you passed.  Congratulations, Deacon.  You passed the test when others failed, and thats why youre here, sitting in my fabulous limo, and being given the opportunity of a lifetime.

What opportunity is that?

Taking his hand from his knees he laid it on his heart.  To help me on my holy mission. 

***

Monday I came in and Melvin was standing there with a big pile of mail.  Well you better get to work dropping off the mail, he said.  As I walked to my car he ran after me, a couple of blue tickets in hand.  Get the Boss dry cleaning too.

I dropped off the mail, picked up the clothes, then went to the post office and picked up a box.  Then I went to a hardware store and picked up a box of things on hold.  Took that back and picked up an envelope.  Took that to an office, then ran to an apartment and picked up another envelope.  Took those back to Melvin who sent me to the Whole Foods grocery store.  When I got back, he had another run to the bank ready plus another package to drop off.  These too, he said without looking at me.

My hoopty didnt have AC, so by the end of the day I was sweating my balls off and soaked through to my clothes.  I missed the dealership where I was able to sit in the AC when the lot was empty.   I never sat long, though, I was always on and ready to go when I worked there.  Mitch, he liked me enough to where he was cool with me just coming in one day a week.  Told him I had some family issues to work on, wife and I working out custody.  Take all the time you need, he told me.  So I worked whenever I could, sometimes an hour here, a day there.  Way I saw it, I was just buying another day doing errands and chores and random yard work for Willard Hawk.  

Midway into the week I dropped by the local shelter and dropped off a bag of canned goods wed been collecting at the dealership.  There were a lot of sad faces there, some looked familiar and some not as much; its crazy how fast the business of the street changes and people come and go.  Not that I was looking particularly close; in a way I felt like a traitor for leaving the way I did, knowing what I know now.

Yeah I was a slave to Hawk, but were all slaves in a way.  At least I wasnt in an empty warehouse sleeping on a dirty mattress waiting for someone to steal my shit or stab me.  I had a mattress on the floor of my own little space, somewhere I could at least think, try to figure a way out of this mess. 

When I left the shelter I drove around a bit, just like Hawk does.  Id hoped that Id see one of the old faces, maybe even offer them a ride.  It still haunted me, that moment of cowardice when I gave in and ran and left them both standing there.  It wasnt just the icy fear I felt seeing the police that gnawed at me, but the fact that after all Ive been through I could still leave two people like that.  Id justified it in my mind for months, and still it was there, deep inside, eating away at who I thought I was.  I aspired to be brave and strong but I now questioned if I was merely a coward.

It was sunset, and I sat on the hood of my car and looked out over the orange on the lake.  Have I really learned my lesson?  Is this lowly wretch really deserving of His grace?  And Hawk, is he my penance?

***

The back of my car was loaded with so many cans of paint that the struts scraped the top of the tires as I drove.  It sounded as if a huge sheet of plastic were caught under the car except for when I hit bumps and potholes; then the car would bottom out and I could feel everything shake.  About a mile from Hawks house I began to smell the distinct aroma of burning rubber, and so I drove extra slow with the wheel tight in my hand praying Id make it the last few blocks.  

I made it, and once inside I began to unload the cans two at a time into the garage.  Hawk himself came out while I was doing so, fully decked out in his suit, scarf, duster uniform. 

Why Deacon, youve picked up my paint!  How absolutely marvelous of you!

Yeah, not a problem.  My breath was short, and I was soaked in sweat thanks to the lack of AC and hard work on an unnaturally hot day.  For all his layers Hawk wasnt shedding a drop or looking the least bit uncomfortable. The dude just stood there, smiling broadly.  

When Im done with this, you think we can talk about something?

Why of course!  Wait, how about I help you?  Hawk went to the corner of the garage, pulled out a lawn chair, and sat down.  Ill keep you company as you stack the cans.  Ill be your moral support if you will.

I stopped halfway to the stack and looked at him.  How long am I going to be doing this? 

Oh I dont know, looks like you have about 40 more to go.  Twenty minutes?

Not the paint.  This arrangement.

As long as I need you too.

I put the cans down, wiped my brow, and stared at him.  Man, listen.  I aint got no problem with paying you back at all. At all, you will get your money.  Id just like to know some kind of timeframe here, you know?  Like we made a deal, man, I need to know that youre going to hold up your end.

Ah.  Well Hans was witness when we made that deal.  Should he be here too?

I looked at the floor, about ready to kick the can over and stain his spotless garage floor.  Melvin told me Id be polishing the concrete end of the week, might as well do some paint scraping too.

Hawk slapped his leg.  Kidding!  You looked so frustrated there Deacon, dont be worried, I like you!  And thats why Im giving you this chance!

Chance for what?  To unload goddamn paint cans?  Do your laundry?

No, no, no, youre working your way up from the bottom of an organization!  And as soon as youre ready to acknowledge what I do, I can give you more responsibility.

We discussed this.  Aint interested.

But I insist.  The work I do is essential.  Its the last true test of character which remains!

You do this to poor people man.  You hurt people who dont have shit!

Who deserves testing more than the most downtrodden of our society?  Citizens who have given up on themselves, who assume everything is impossible; they are those who need to be proven wrong.  

But you dont give them the option!

Oh, but they do have an option, Deacon.  They can pass or they can fail.  Thats the only option they need.

I dont agree.  I think if you asked people if they wanted to be tested it might be okay, but

Ask them? Hawk shrieked.  And how is that a test?  Each of my candidates is specifically chosen for a reason, Deacon, the least of which being because I decided to ask them!

We sat there in that hot garage, each of us looking at each other.  Then Hawk laughed uproariously.  Oh Deacon, I treasure your company so much!  Lets get you changed, right after you finish with those paint cans of course.  You and I have a hot date tonight!

11

When you drive under a bridge and you see a homeless person sitting there, theres actually a reason for that.  Its not because bridges are so comfortable (theyre sloped, and sleeping anywhere but right under the trellis is really uncomfortable) or that we cant find anywhere more comfortable (we can, literally anywhere thats empty).  We sleep under bridges because theyre isolated.  Theyre hard to get too.  People dont bother us.

The newly homeless figure this out fast.  You can be sleeping and someone just up and throws a bottle at you.  No reason, they just do it.   Thats some fucked up shit right there.  Police sometimes roll up and tell you to move on.  Whatever man, weve already got enough going on, and were not even bothering anybody but sure, whatever.  The biggest problem was that if the police did decide to pick you up theyd toss your stuff.  Nobody needed their stuff tossed; some guys that was all they had left.  Hows a homeless guy ever gonna get back on the straight if he needs an ID to work and it costs fifty bucks?  

A few years back the City Council came up with the idea that were the cause of all the problems in the city.  Me and my pals hauling boxes around all day in the heat are worse than all the rip-off artists and conmen out there.  So what do they do?  They pass a law that basically makes it illegal to be homeless; cops can just roll up on you, toss your stuff, and haul you to jail right then and there.

It was called Detain & Assist the idea being that the homeless would leave the streets if they had enough motivation.  All it really did was send us all into hiding, away from public eyes.  Thats when the Bad Samaritan came around; once we couldnt trust the police anymore every one of us became fair game.

Last year that was me out there, running from the cops and hiding from the Bad Samaritan while thinking of ways to put my life back together.  Today I was in a whole new world of shit, on a first name basis with the Bad Samaritan himself and sitting across the table from an old white man wearing a blazer and striped shirt.  So Willard, tell me how youve been lately?  

But not just any old white man.  Max Maxwell.  The guy who wrote the damn bill, pitched it, got the thing passed.  The goodest of the good old boys, I almost threw up when he shook my hand.

Im doing absolutely splendid! Hawk cooed.  I hope you have time to join us for a drink.  Im dying to hear how this campaign is going!

Alright, well just one.  Have some budgetary issues I have to take care of.  Max looked at me and winked.  I felt like slapping him.

Those issues and their large breasts can certainly wait!  Raising his voice Hawk called out, Erica, will you please bring my friend Councilman Maxwell a scotch?  He needs to relieve all the stress of running for mayor!

Maxs eyes darted around the room.  You dont need to just announce that

Why not? These are your constituents, arent they?  You should shake hands. Would you like me to introduce you around?

No, no, Im good.  The waitress set the drink down in front of Max who held it in his fingertips but didnt drink.  He wore two large rings, each set with jewels, and I wondered what the longest hed ever gone without eating was.  

I dont know how youre ever going to win with that attitude.  Me?  Six days.  

Alright.  So look, you bring the stuff we talked about?  Hawk had the eyes of someone who could put himself through torture and not even feel pain.  Walk through glass just to see what it felt like.  

Me, no?  I thought we were meeting to discuss the latest in local sports teams.  This guy, Maxwell he was soft.  

Jesus, Willard.  Seriously?

Yes.  Was I supposed to bring them tonight?

Max rolled his eyes and downed the drink in a single gulp, slamming the empty glass on the table when he was done.  Well talk later Will.  He said as he rose.

Wait!  Max looked down and Hawk looked at me.  Deacon has them.

That I did.  Before we walked into this fancy little bar Hawk had asked me to hold three manila envelopes for him.  He never said what was in them or what they were for, just that he might need them.  

You have them? Max asked.  I looked at Hawk.

You said you were picking those up, right?  You have them? Hawk nodded.  I had no idea what was inside, but I was beginning to feel it was the wealthy persons equivalent of a syringe full of bleach.  

Well? Max demanded, his face clearly registering the irritation at having to ask a black man twice for something.  All of those good old boys hated it when they were forced to wait on someone who wasnt white.  You gonna hand em to me or just sit there?  

Hawk took a deep drink, eyeing us but keeping quiet.  There was a night about eight months after I landed on the street I met this guy named Kelly.  Hed ended up with us because he couldnt handle his depression, lost his photography business, his family, all that. Finally he managed to get things together long enough to save up for a bus ticket home.  The night before he was supposed to leave, the police picked him up under that bullshit law and threw his ticket away along with all the rest of his stuff.  Never did find out what ever happened to that poor guy.

I reached into my new Robert Graham sport coat that wed picked up on the way over and pulled out the three thick envelopes.  Right here, I said, barely able to finish the words before Max reached in and snatched them right out of my hands.  

Nice.  Real nice.  Always knew I could count on Wilhelm Hawks boy to help an old family friend.  Thats real nice.  His voice was a full octave lower and stunk of perversion, a dirty old man talking a thirteen-year-old girl in the backseat of his Cadillac. 

Anything for a friend.  Hawk smiled.  Time for another drink?

Im good buddy. Im real good, Max said, his voice returning to normal.  I thank you, sir. Because of you, we might just have a shot at winning this.

What can I say?  Im a miracle worker.  

Well, I thank you again.  Well be in touch.  Nodding at me he added, Dennis.  As if him just getting my name half wrong was complimentary.  An uncomfortable smile and slight wave were the last we saw of our future mayor.

After he was gone Hawk muttered, See Deacon, its not just the poor and downtrodden who need to be tested.  Its everyone.  Each and every one.

I took a deep breath and felt nothing.  No guilt or remorse about what I had just handed him.  What were in those envelopes?

Donations.  For his silly campaign.  Maxie is running for mayor and needed to raise at least half a million by the end of the quarter to stay competitive.

So you gave him half a million?

Hawk laughed.  Oh Deacon, I wouldnt contribute even a dollar to Maxs reprehensible campaign.  Hes a gasbag, and thats me being polite.  No, all I did was pull some sources together for him.

Curiosity nearly got the best of me, but I knew better by now and just sat there instead.  This was a really nice bar.  When Tonya and I were young, we used to consider Red Lobster a nice place to eat.  Seaside Sampler baby!

You obviously want to know where the money came from, Hawk said.  I gave a half nod, and he replied, Ill just put it this way: Once the press gets wind of this, Max wont need to worry about his race.  Hell need to worry about staying out of jail.  

Tonya and I used to talk about being one of those people, those people on high who pull the strings and eat in wood-paneled rooms and make deals in the morning and play the rest of the afternoon and have classy friends and go to classy parties.  Suddenly it all seemed a little less thrilling, certainly not as satisfying as taking my boys to the park or watching them learn something from me.  Kind of made me wonder what it is were all striving for when its already right there in front of us.

Well now Im so incredibly bored, Hawk said slamming down his now empty glass.  Lets drive.

12

Into the lobby and past a circular desk, we walked to a bank of elevators.  Hans slid a card into a slot, and the door opened.  We stepped on, myself with one bag, he carrying two.  He sighed; it was soft and under his breath but a sigh nonetheless.  I said nothing; small chat was not part of his character, and I wasnt about to try and change that.

We arrived on the 21st floor and walked to room 2121.  The same card opened the door, and we stepped inside.  Hans dropped the rolling bags in the entryway and turned to leave.  Be downstairs at eight, he said.  The door clicked shut.  I was alone.

The place was called Sunbeam, and it was a new mixed use high-rise with loft condos, shops, and a hotel all inside one building.  Hawk was connected as an investor some way or another, so he had several units on reserve and this was one of them.  Now it was my new pad.  My home.  

I stepped up to the window, the kind Id seen at Pulse, and was now next to my couch in my living room.  Below me, 21 stories down, the city hummed with life.  Men, women, children.  People going about their lives.  Not knowing what they were capable of because they were never pushed to do anything.  Life was sanitized, made easy.  Corners were padded, and covers put over sockets.  

Id begun to learn the logic behind Hawks actions, his ideology if you will.  I couldnt say I fully embraced it in every way, but it had a sense to it.  An odd sense, but a logic was there.  

There were people out there who needed this, the option to be given a choice and demonstrate that they have the ability to choose correctly.  We tested an overweight former athlete too fat to even leave his house.  We tested a meth-addled mother not taking care of her kids.  Both of them failed, but the test wasnt always about pass or fail.  

Its about learning, Hawk would say one evening as we watched the sunset in my new living room.  The only way people can change behavior is through pain and suffering.  Suffering is lifes way of telling us dont do that.  We show people the way.  Expressionless, he looked over. In a way we are angels.

Angels?  Never.  But we were agents of some kind of change, and the Wrath of God was often motivation enough to change behavior.  Thats what we were doingchanging behavior one soul at a time.

***

Jayden was in baseball, so one day I went to his game.  His team was called the Tigers, and their uniforms were cool; they were orange and black and looked great on the kids.  

I sat in the top part of the bleachers near the back, watching silently.  I wasnt one of those guys who would make a scene, you know, so I just kind of hung low and waited.  I saw Jayden when he came up to bat. He was number 10, and his jersey said WILSON in large letters across the back.  I played baseball my freshman year of high school but dropped out when I found out I was better at cars than sports. 

Jayden, though, he got his mammas genes there.  She was always in real good shape. She ran track and played softball and was trying to stay fit and keep the kids fit even when we were poor.  He swung that bat on the pitch and it cracked loud, and that ball went off and there was my boy, running like he was a full-grown man from base to base.  And I jumped up with the rest of the parents and we cheered, and he rounded 2nd, then 3rd, then all the way home and those points just clicked by.  My boy, my awesome boy doing that.  

Damn I was so proud of him!  I hoped hed be proud of me too.

I snuck out a little before the game ended because I didnt want to see her.  At least not yet.  I spotted her sitting in the stands on the opposite side and closer to the bottom.  Roderick wasnt with her; no idea where he was or who had him.  She looked as great as ever: curly hair with a dash of blonde, light mocha skin, a big smile, and bright hazel eyes.  Beautiful; she hadnt changed a bit.  He, that Raul, he was an overweight, shaved-head, greasy-looking guy.  Beneath her.  Probably needed the money?  But he couldnt make that much being a grease monkey, I knew he didnt own the shop.  It made me sick the idea of him naked with her, his hairy body touching hers, caressing her, making love to my wife.  I wanted to walk over there and punch him across that big head of his, but I sat where I was instead.  If there was one thing the streets taught me it was patience and peace.  I had to have peace.

They had a little surprise back at their car when they left.  I saw their reaction when they got there.  Tonya just kind of stood there then asked Raul something.  He scratched his big dumb head and shrugged, the clueless lug.  She picked the box up (she was always the one with initiative) and handed it to Jayden.  He opened it right there as they looked on, holding excitedly the brand new catchers mitt inside.  It was the best one I could afford, and it was my gift to him, my beautiful son.

From my car I watched through binoculars.  I was finally becoming worthy of them again, and soon, we would all be back together at last.

***

My new loft came as part of the new job; along with new duties, a new office, and new perks.  Hawk also dropped a credit card in my lap, a new car, and an open invitation to any place in town (provided I was dressed appropriately).  For the first time in my life anything and everything Id ever imagined was now at my fingertips.

Still, it wasnt like I had a ton of time to enjoy it.  Most of my time was spent working keeping things straight for Hawk.  For example, I always had to make sure he had a stack of checks and a thick roll of cash.  If Hawk paid someone a small amount, like under a hundred bucks, hed just peel off a few bills and hand them over.  If the amount was higher, like in the thousands, hes use one of these untraceable cashiers checks from a Swedish bank.  I had to make sure he had those, plus keep track of whatever he spent.  

There were two kinds of people Hawk tested.  The first were people he just ran into on the street randomly.  This was anything from the local panhandler to a guy walking home from work to some girl waiting to catch the bus.  Hawk used his cash rolls when he was testing them, but sometimes he asked for other things too.  A clowns mask.  A blue silk tie.  A hacksaw.  A box of drywall screws.  Four identical pairs of left shoes.  A marmot.  I had to go find all of those things, never knowing half the time what they were used for.  Sometimes hed just walk in and say, Give me that jigsaw puzzle of the night sky, the one thousand piece one.  Hed take that plus some checks and split.

He didnt take me on every test.   Only certain ones.  But the ones I went on, I remembered.  There was the former basketball player who claimed he couldnt get off drugs in order to play again.  Hawk said, Ill put you on a team and can guarantee youll be drug-free.  Guy said fine, took the deal.  Hawk slaps a Jersey on him, sells him to a team in Singapore, then tosses his passport into the ocean.  They shoot you over there you do drugs.  After a rough two weeks, I hear that guys been stone-cold sober ever since.

Then there was this fat guy who couldnt get out of the house.  He was like 500 pounds, maybe 600.  It was gross; the whole place stunk of body odor that seemed to emanate from everywhere.  Hawk says, I can fix your weight problem.  Guy says, Get lost. Hawk says, No really, I can.  Ill fix your weight problem, and it wont cost you a bit of work. Guy says, Whatever, do what you got to do. Hawk sets the house on fire. Last I hear, that guy was down two hundred pounds because he can only eat through a straw, and the doctors keep taking skin to graft onto the wounds. 

Where he found them I didnt know.  Some I was sure hed read about in the news, others hed seen on TV, still others were random collections of the homeless, poor, and off-the-radar individuals.  They were delivered to me as is in the form of descriptions:  the meth-addled negligent mother, the self-depreciating geek trying his best to fit in, the retired violinist who uses his skills for charity and nothing more.  They were people who, through no judgment of my own, required testing.  Never ask me a question unless youre trying to figure out how to do your job better, Hawk had told me.  Hed emphasized the point with a stab of icy words, and I knew it best to take the order at face value and leave it, particularly with what I knew he was capable of. 

So I just did my job without asking too many questions.  Day and night I researched and sorted and looked at names and photos and articles and bits of information about people so that we might do the work of the Hawk in the name of the Lord.

***

As soon as we walked into Adies Hardware and Dry Goods, Hawk didnt waste any time getting down to business. 

Well yessir, its been hard.  Its been hard ever year now for the last several.  Now you got on, ol Home Depot opening up there yonder, aint good for nobody, said Adie Mellon through his country drawl.  

And who exactly is it not good for? Hawk replied.

Sir?

Whos it not good for?  What if someone needs to fix their sink because they tried to push a cat into the drain?  Do you have the parts for that?

Adie pulled off his ball cap and scratched his sandy hair hard.  Wellsir, I reckon we do.  Aint never had nobody ask about that before.

Hawk laughed.  I saw you on the news!

Alright then.

It was a heartwarming story.  Actually, the story infuriated him because Adie went on TV complaining about competition from big box stores, how it was killing the town.  Hawk didnt like it when people made excuses.  

Appreciate ya.  Lot of history here in these walls.

Well, thats why Im here.  To try and save that.  You and I, we can work together to save your store and its limited selection.

Adie twisted his hat in his hands.  Something about Hawk made him nervous, or anxious.  That would be something.  Me and my family, were some of the original kin round these parts.  My grandpappy, he opened up the store just supplying to farmers, getting them their equipment and all, my daddy he 

Hawk yawned then excused himself and continued the interruption.  Adie, I cant say Im particularly interested in your business origins.  Im interested in the here and now.  How important is this business to the community now?  

Like today?  Adie was sweating a bit.  It was hot in here but not that hot. Hawk was wearing a wool suit.  Well, Im on the local rotary.  We do a parade each year for Homecoming, have a float in it and all.  We donate materials to the high school pep team too.  Oh, and each year we do a drawing, do a little giveaway you know.

Hawk and the man stood silently near the register for a moment, each in consideration of the other.  It was one of those small town silences, where the whole space seems extra quite because theres not much going on outside anyway so the added isolation of the building just makes everything feel that much more oppressive.  I was never a fan of small towns myself.  A man like Adie can talk about tradition all he wants, but that same tradition to a black man is something totally different.

Let me ask you something, Adie. What kind of assets does a business like this have on its books?   I imagine theyd be, shall we say, significant...

I had a cousin who lived in one of these small towns.  Not out here in Brookton, but in another little place called Parker. They were still segregated there and everything.  I mean blacks and whites could go to school together, but they lived in different parts of town and didnt mix or nothing. This one white girl used to go tricking around his house.  When his homeboy hit it, her dad found out and they put him on trial for rape.  He didnt even do anything; she was the one running around offering it up.

Weve got the stock, our accounts receivables.  I dont really know what youre asking.  The bolts and screws in this place came in little colored bins.  They were dusty and dirty, and the whole store felt grimy to me, dirtier than the streets.

I think were on the same page, Hawk said. What you need is working capital, right?  Im not some black power dude. Im about to each his own, you know?  But I also dont like being called a nigger just because Im black.  And based on the way Adie looked at me when we first walked in (and the sideways glances he kept throwing me as I looked up and down the aisles) I was still a nigger, no matter how nice my clothes get and how many books I read. 

Well, that would be nice, Adie said.  I dropped the bolts I was handling back into the little plastic bin.  What I really couldnt stand about small towns more than anything was their whole arrogant perception that they were somehow a better place to be, a better place to raise a kid.  Like a kid who grows up in a place like this where all you do is drink and fuck will end up better than a kid growing up in a city.

So you own the building? Hawk asked, but he already knew the answer because Id already told him: Adie happened to own a full quarter of the downtown, namely, this little strip that his hardware store was in.  Hed shrunk the store over the years, renting out more and more space to other businesses.  There was a little bakery and a clothing boutique at one end and a tax office, lawyer, and antique store at the other end. 

Well, yessir I do.  But its not for sale.  I grew up in the city, and for all the knocks it gave me I turned out alright.  I learned from it.  More than I would have out in the suburbs where Tonya up and moved my boys.  How are they going to get tough living out there?  

In times like these everything has to be on the table, Hawk said solemnly. Then they were quiet some more.  Jayden, he came along first; he was the oldest.  Not an accident per se, but a little earlier than planned.  But when she was pregnant with him we had this discussion: I said I didnt want us all moving out to the suburbs and shit, getting soft, pretending we were something were not.  We have class, but were city people.  I make deals and I hustle, not mow lawns and decorate shutters and shit.  Plus, I wanted my kids to see real life, not be sheltered.

Adie swallowed hard.  Let me tell you sir, this building were in was built in 1878.  Its not a historic site per se, but it might as well ought to be.  Ednas bakery down at that end, shes been there almost as long as we have.  It was started by Edna, her great grandmother back in her kitchen...  Now my boys are on some little league team.  And dont get me wrong, Im proud of them, but come on!  Playing b-ball downtown would do the same thing.  Plus theyd meet more people, learn how to interact

Adies voice carried, your guy over there.  My blood ran hot, and my fists clenched.  It wasnt boy, but something in the delivery made me think it might as well ought to be. 

If by my guy you mean my legal advisor, hes more than capable of summarizing the agreement I happen to already have on me in full.  Hawk pulled a stapled stack of paper from his jacket and planted it on the counter.  Isnt that right, Deacon?

They looked at me expectantly.  I looked at Hawk, then Adie, then said to Adie, Thats the fairest agreement youll ever find for this building.  It will give my client a deeded interest in the building and keep your business alive as a paying tenant and with renewed funds.  After five years, youll have the option of repurchase, and were contractually obligated to start renovations at our cost immediately.  Forcing a smile I added, This is going to keep Adies and this town alive.

He just looked at me, fat pale man with little piggy eyes.  The paper in front of him was a test, the summation of his life, and he didnt even know it yet.

Carefully he picked the papers up, turned them around in his hand several times, and then flipped through them.  Id seen people do this back at the lot, flip through a contract like theyre reading it, but theyre really not because theyre going way too fast.  Adie was a flipper.

Tell you what.  I dont know about any of this, he said, tapping the paper on the counter.  But you remind me of a young man who worked for me about ten years ago.  That boy said he was going to be a lawyer, and he was gonna do it too, until he got hit by a car.  Anyway, he told me he always wanted to do right by people.  So Im thinking youre trying to do right too.  Adie clicked the pen open and scratched his name on the last page and then on an attached deed.  That all you need?   

I nodded and held an outstretched envelope.  Adie opened it, looked inside, and nodded with a solemn grunt.

Youll remember this day, Hawk smiled.

Im sure I will, Adie said. You boys want to walk with me down to the bakery?  Get a sweet roll?

Hawks face had grown from a mere smile into a spastic toothy grin.  He was about to burst out laughing but somehow contained himself.  

I think were good.  And I held out my hand.  Adie wasted no time in shaking it, smile across his face.  We need to be running off.

Alrighty then.  I tell you what, I wasnt sure about you two when you first walked on in here.  But now that you did, I sure am glad about it.  Lord works in mysterious ways.

The Lord sure does.  The next day we put eviction notices on each door, and within 30 days had bulldozers leveling the entire structure.  It wasnt historical, and it was in bad enough shape to where we could argue renovation didnt make sense.  But that wasnt the real lesson. The real lesson was the billboard we put up in the buildings place, facing all of downtown businesses, saying, Adie Abelson sold out Brookton.

13

We drove around, Hawk and I.  He found a mother in a newspaper article complaining about how shed do anything for her children, but nobody ever gave her a break.  He gave her a break alright, paying her five grand to shoot some porn with two random guys he pulled off a corner.  They were rough as hell with her too, but when he was done he was a man of his word.  He gave her the money, and we left.  

Back in the limo he said, Tomorrow well send the footage to CPS.  Why on Earth would a woman who cares about her children subject herself to that?  And what would a woman who cares about her children do?  Shelter them from the bitter realities of the world?

Whats wrong with you, Deacon?

What do you mean?

The past few weeks youve seen somewhat distracted.  Distracted, thats an apt word.  Now that I had all of Hawks resources at my disposal, Id been using them in my free time to check up on Tonya and the boys. 

Really?  And Raul of course.  I wasnt happy either. She was working as a receptionist for a dentist, and he just some mechanic at some no-name shop.  Someone offered to hire me as a mechanic, and you know what I did?  I found a better job selling cars.  I passed the test.  Sorry about that, I hadnt really noticed. 

You sound incredibly stressed.  You know what?  Im going to give you the night off.  What can you do?  Hawk pondered aloud as he stroked an invisible beard.  I know, theyre having a Purple Party at Club Zero.  It sounds incredibly boring, but you might enjoy it.  I already have a VIP table set aside in case I decided to go look at the fools.

I might just do that.  Thanks.

We rode on.  The work we do isnt always easy or appreciated, he continued, But its incredibly necessary.  Sometimes people get into ruts, routines, self-defeating habits.  How are they supposed to change if theres nobody there to test them?  Theyd just keep doing the same boring, safe things.  Day in and day out until they die.

Safe things.  Safe.  Thats the way she was being, safe.  Raul, he was safe. The suburbs were safe.  Being a receptionist was a steady paycheck with no risk.  It was easy.  

I went to Club Zero that night and sat alone at Hawks VIP table, on a raised dais where I could watch over the crowd.  I sipped a Pepsi and watched the crowd in silence, dancing in seemingly random spastic motions but doing the same things over and over.  It was the big picture they were missing; through the illusion of randomness and free will in their daily lives they forgot the value of pain, of suffering.  

Cows, all of them.  But I didnt hate them. On the contrary, I loved them.  I wanted to show them what I saw now, the freedom that Id found by passing the test.  I would test them all, and I would start with my family.

***

I took one of Hawks cars and drove it to A&M Tires and Transmission, located in that transitional median thats almost outside of the city but not quite into the suburbs.  The car was an early 2000s Honda, purposely picked for having nothing noteworthy about it whatsoever. 

I pulled up to an empty bay and sat there, staring.  

There he was in his gray shirt and gray pants.  Smug, self assured.  Laughing.  The man fucking my wife and possibly even fucking my kids.  I gripped the wheel and ground my molars wishing his fingers were caught between them.

Sir, can I help you?  A rocker-looking dude with long hair was standing by my window.  I looked at him, then back at Raul.

Yeah.  Need an oil change bro.

Waits about 25 minutes.  Is that okay?  

Thats fine, I said, doing my best to fake a look around but still fixed on Raul as he waddled around.

You can wait inside sir.

What?

Your car.  You can leave the keys in it and go inside.

I grunted and went into the tiny waiting room, pale blue walls with stacks of worn-out magazines.  A tiny TV mumbled in the corner.  Chairs made out of metal rods and ripped fabric.  Classy joint all around.

A small window near the desk provided a view of the bays and I stood there, hands in pockets, as Raul worked, walked, smiled, and talked.  Id never studied his features in this much detail before.  Id seen him at the Jaydens baseball game, but then I was more fixated on watching my son play than sizing up this punk.  Up until now I had to sate my appetite with pictures, but pictures were never justice for seeing the real thing.  There was always a certain flattery to pictures I found that toned down the person in them.  Hawk, he loved looking at pictures, but not me: I wanted to see the way the skin moved around on their body, where the birthmarks and freckles were on their skin, where they grew hair, how loud they breathed.  

Excuse me, an old woman brushed past me so that she could pay.  I shifted but kept looking out the window.  I toyed in my mind with how he would react to different situations; the shop catching on fire, a car falling on his co-worker, a car falling on him.  Raw material, soft and untested

A loud clang next to me and I looked over.  My keys were on the counter.  The Rock Star.  Looks good, sir.  You may want to have the radiator flushed; we noticed some specs of rust in there.

I nodded.  How much?

Uh.  Let me see.  Hold on.  While he fiddled I looked down at the stack of business cards on the counter.  One in particular caught my eye, and casually I slid it into my pocket with Rock Star none the wiser.  Oh shit, I need the password.  Sorry about that.  Rock Star slid open the window and yelled.  Raul, can I get your key?

And inside he came, ball of brown flesh and short hairs and small brown eyes with dark circles.  Into the office he came and there he stood right across from me.

How you doing today? he asked.  I was too far away to smell his breath.  I wanted too.

Im great, Raul.  

Awesome.  He tapped a few keys and then stepped aside.  Youre all set; thanks again for coming in.

The pleasure was mine.  And I smiled with a face made of stone as he walked away, the business card for his auto rescue service being held tight in my pocket.

***

Hawk and I went one night to dine at Savannah, a swank new place serving up African fusion.  Hans waited outside in the limo at Hawks insistence because he hated black people and therefore would hate black people food also.  Hawk was quick to point out that black people did not include me, or rather, it did at first but not now because Hans liked me.  I looked at Hans who stood there without reply.

The main area was too loud for Hawks liking, so he rented the private room and we sat in there, away from everyone else.  I had the Durban lamb curry, and Hawk had the tuna avocado tartare with spinach.  How authentic is this? he asked me during the meal.  Is this what people actually eat in Africa?

I laughed as he continued to look at me with a serious expression.  I could never tell with Hawk if he was serious or not.  Man I dont know.  This is the first time Ive had this.

Yes, I know.  I expected more fried chicken and watermelon on the menu.  When I said nothing, Hawk smiled and gave off his high-pitched little giggle.  Deacon, Ive been to Africa multiple times. I know what they eat there!

Good for you, man, because Ive never been.

 Well perhaps well go one day, together.  He took a thoughtful bite.  You know, in some hotels they only have one bed, so youd have to share it with me.

Somehow I dont think thats true.

Oh Deacon, it always seems I never can get the best of you!

Post meal we both sipped Kenyan coffee from ceramic teacups, and Hawk read a newspaper. Hawk decided he wanted it halfway through the meal, only to learn from the waiter that they didnt exactly keep those in the back.  Unwilling to take no for an answer, Hawk gave the waiter some money and sent him to go buy one.  Look at this, he said studying the paper before tossing it to me.  Read that article. Isnt it splendid!

In the lower left corner there was a blurb about some shipping manufacturer whod recently been embroiled in some kind of federal fraud.  The FBI had raided his office, and supposedly his family had high-tailed it out of town to get away from him.  You know him? I asked when I was done.

Know him?  I ruined him!  Hes been tarred and feathered by the stupid media.  Isnt that incredibly amusing?

Amusing?

Of course.  

I dont know if Id call that amusing.

Hawk looked up.  The amusement comes from the ironic failure to pass the test.  All people think theyre capable, yet what really happens when nose is put to grindstone?

I said nothing.  Its the question Id been pondering myself since I decided I needed to test Veronica.  Or Raul. Or both.  I wasnt even sure how to do it yet.

You understand, dont you?

I do.  Even if the personal details were starting to agonize me.

Dont leave me Deacon.  We have a holy mission to accomplish together.

I wont leave.  Im in this until the end.

Hawk smiled.  Fantastic.  Now lets get out of this place, I cant stand the dreadful decor!

14

Saturday mid-afternoon Hawk and Hans left town for a week.  Saturday night I slept over at Hawks place. I was in charge of watching it since Melvin was tied up on some kind of investigation.  My plan was to hit the church good and early but I slept in, so after I picked up some breakfast I went to chapel alone.

Inside I prayed I prayed that God could show me what I was doing right, what I was doing wrong, what I needed to be doing; because damn me if I cant tell half the time.  Sometimes it feels like youre so deep in the swamp that you forget which shore youre trying to get too.  Thats the kind of help I needed right now, so I prayed for some kind of sign of what to do.  

On the way back out to my car there was a nice breeze, and things just felt a little better.  Hey man, said a voice behind me, and I turned to see a squat, bearded man standing there.  Say, real quick, Im real hungry and wondering if you had anything you might be able to spare?  Anything is ok.

Why?  So you can get drunk?  I asked.

No, naw, not that.  He laughed, I stood there.  Come on, man.  Anything?

Buddy Ive got nothing for you.  I turned and began to walk.  He stared at me as I unlocked the BMW and opened the door.

He took a step forward.  Shit man, I mean really?  Youre telling me you got nothing, and youre driving this car?  Thats bullcrap man.  He walked around to where my door was open and peered inside.  I know you got some change in there.

Hey! I slammed the door.  What is your problem?  

I dont have one; Im just asking you for some damn change!  You want me to get on my knees, coz I will!  His breath stunk of beer.  Stale, with a touch of sourness.  Familiar, and I missed it.  I turned back around, and as I was doing so, he grabbed my arm.  Have a heart m

I hit him across the face and he dropped to the pavement with a hollow knock.  It was instinct more than anything else; I never meant to hurt him.  He just laid there on the ground, pedaling his legs and moaning slightly.

You see that?  Thats what you get!  Fucking weakling, you cant pass the test, and thats what you get!

He spat and coughed a little bit.  I didnt think Id hit him that hard, but he sure as hell wasnt in a hurry to get up. 

Whoop!  Behind us on the street a police car cruised by, the young cop inside peering intently. 

Fuck me, I muttered to myself as the car stopped in the middle of the street.

You alright? he asked.  I looked at the bum and at the cop.  Who was he talking to?  You.  He repeated with fingers pointed in my direction.  You alright?

Me, yeah, yeah Im good.  Thanks, officer.

The officer nodded and looked at the bum on the ground.  You need to move it along unless you wanna get written up for PI.  The cop looked back at me and nodded before rolling on slowly without another word.     

Whyd you hit me man? said the creature on the pavement.  I thought about it, then said simply, Because I passed the test. I reached into my pocket and tossed a loose handful of change on him.

Then I got into my car and left.

***

Tuesday night, I took a classic model BMW from Hawks stable and drove back to A&M Tires and Transmission.  They closed at ten so I arrived there at nine thirty and waited next door at a small office building while the mechanics saw the last cars through.  I didnt see Raul, but I saw his pickup parked along the side, a fact I gleaned from my background research on him and his little family.

Not Tonya and the boys.  They were my family.  I was thinking more of his three brothers, two sisters, absentee father, and mother.   They were his.  He needed to go back to them.  

The final three in the building left as a group, Raul among them.  I started my car and drove to my preplanned spot, fingering his business card and a prepaid phone nervously in my hands as I went.

***

The pickup slid up behind me on the freeway as another car swished by, the wind roaring in its wake.  I looked down at my phone.  My only contact was calling me:  RAUL- ASSHOLE.  I smiled.

He climbed out of the truck after pausing for a pair of lights to whizz by.  Id called him almost immediately after he left work so he was still wearing his greasy mechanics clothes and a blue Valvoline hat.  Toolbox in hand, he ran the distance between our cars, his flab bouncing all the way.  I opened the door and stepped out.

Raul, I said.

Yeah bud.

James. I held out my hand.  Thanks for meeting me.

No problem, thats why I do this.  So what happened?

Not sure.  I was just driving then she started to sputter and lose power.  I had just enough time to pull over before she died.

Does she crank?

You mean start right?  Tries too.  Just doesnt work.

Raul nodded.  The wind from a passing semi pushed us against my car.  The wind of cars made the world out here feel colder than the city below. 

Sounds like it could be a fuse problem.  It was just us out here.  I could push him into traffic and say it was an accident.  But what would that prove?

Mind if I get in? he asked.  See if I can start her up?

Be my guest, I replied.

Raul shuffled his wide frame into the car and got into the drivers seat, vehicle leaning slightly with his weight. I closed the door behind him and leaned against the window.  Cars blew my clothes as if I were standing atop a mountain, but I was only interested in the man behind the wheel.

Raul turned the key.  The car started right up.  He smiled.

Well look at that, Raul.  You must be a miracle worker.  How much do I owe you?

Raul shook his head.   Were square brother, Ill follow you home just to be safe.  Tomorrow, be sure and get those fuses checked out.  When he couldnt open the door he looked at my hands, holding the frame tight.  Say, you mind moving your hands, I can just climb right out

Sure, in just a minute.  First I have a proposal for you, something that might make your life better.

Man, you dont owe me anything

But I think I do.  Something that might benefit your life in a way youve never imagined.

Okay

How about one hundred thousand dollars?

What is this, a joke?

No joke.  I pulled out the cashiers check and handed it to him.  He looked at it in the beam of a lamp, which had found its way across my windshield.  Its real.  All it needs is my signature to make it official.  

What is this for?

For your mom and sister. For their care, to help treat their Lupus.

Raul looked up.  How do you know

One condition,  I added.  You can never see your wife and kids again.

Why is that a condition?

Because, no money comes without conditions.

Well, then no.  He held the check out.

What?

Raul pushed his way out of the car, the door throwing me back just enough to get a honk from a passing truck.  Id rather just make my own money without strings.  I appreciate your offer, but no.

He was halfway to his truck when I screamed at him.  Raul!  Raul!  Youd let your mom and sister die?  Just like that?  He stopped walking.  Their deaths will be on your hands, Raul.  Both of them.

Id rather they live or die by my hands than anybody elses.  Without looking back Raul climbed back into his truck.

I watched him as he started his truck and turned the lights on.  In one last fit of rage, I ran to my car and pulled out sharply in front of him before slamming my brakes.  Raul swung wide to miss me but was going too slow.  I sped up, but was still close enough to see the SUV run right into his pickup, turning him hard and throwing his truck to the side and down the embankment.  A hundred feet behind me, I could see tools flying in the air, their jagged shapes illuminated by headlights and a layer of bright smoke fogging the road.  In my rearview mirror the freeway traffic ground to a trickle, and soon the lights vanished in the distance and that was all.

15

Back when Tonya and I first met, we used to go to the lake and just sit out there for hours.  When you were young you never needed a reason to go anywhere; you just went to go and hang out.  Some of the best memories of my life took place out there, but it was a ways out so I stopped going when I became homeless.

Only recently had I started coming back out here again.  I was at that point in my life where I needed the security of somewhere familiar, some place happy.

As I walked along the shore early in the morning they came to me, piece by piece, frames in my mind from the movie of my life.  I remembered the smell of the water as we walked the shore, how it used to touch further out before erosion ate all the sand.  I remember trying to get her to touch the dead fish wed find along the bank, then holding her around the waist when shed gotten grossed out.  Sometimes wed find junk along the shore; now it seemed trashy, but then it seemed cool.  One time there was a grocery cart out here and she climbed in, and I pushed her along the shore until it got stuck in some mud and almost fell over.  We laughed so hard that day.  We spent the night there once, next to a fire deep in the trees, sure that nobody could see us.

Near the pebble parking lot was a rusty swing set that looked clear across the lake as cars crossed the bridge out to Shorewall.  One day well have their lives.  I told her, my outstretched hand grazing hers as we swung to and fro.  

On this morning I was alone, no fisherman in the early mist nor hung-over couples snuggled in sleeping bags were to be found on the shore.  No loitering signs made it clear the days of camping out were long past, and the spots I remembered had long ago washed away.  Nobody came out here anymore except for me, one man hoping to relive a time in his life before he had tasted homelessness and defeat.

I sighed and stood on some jagged rock pillars and saw limbs reaching like hands from the water.  They belonged to a tree I used to sit under, swallowed by water just like I was swallowed by time.  On my phone I pressed dial and waited, the answer took mere seconds.

Why hello, Deacon!  The voice echoed through my phone into this empty world, the gentle push of the water the only other music.  

***

As instructed, I went home and spent the rest of the afternoon in my loft.  Hawk was explicit about not leaving until he and Hans returned. 

I didnt handle last night well.  Not at all.  After the wreck, I went back to my place but then panicked halfway up the elevator after realizing I was still driving the car.  So I went back downstairs, had the valet drive the BMW around, and then went across town to Hawks house where I dropped it off.  Then I picked up mine and drove it back, switching stations on the radio every few seconds to distract myself from my terrible and aching bowls. 

Nearly home, my nerves were better; the BMW wasnt on the road, and who would have seen the plate?  I stopped in and got some coffee and began to think about how someone might be able to trace me back to Raul.  He had my number, but it was a prepaid phone but he also maybe knew me from coming into the shop so there was that.  If he did, theyd probably have the cars plates and everythingbut it was a different car, at least I thought it was....

I was tempted to drive back to the scene and take a look but decided against it.  Instead, I went back to my place, gave the valet my keys (he didnt seem to notice the cars were different, but who knows whats going on with those guys), and went back upstairs.  I was glad to be alone because I began to evacuate my bowls until the air was thick, and I felt woozy (not from the gas) and had to lie down.

Light bulb came on, and I went to my computer to check traffic conditions.  Check the freeway where the crash happened.  See what conditions were like.

I pulled up the map.  Orange.  Three-vehicle collision reported.  Two lanes closed.

I looked at that map for a long time, the lights of the buildings twinkling outside my window.  I always wondered what happened up inside buildings all lit up at night.  Now I knew.

Night lingered and I tossed and turned, and sleep never came despite my removal of layer after layer of bedding, increasingly drenched and stenched by farting and sweating.  

Agonizingly, I drove to the lake and thought long and hard about my life.  Surely someone saw my plate.  Surely Raul was going to tell the cops, and when they questioned me, theyd question Hawk.  What hed do to me, I had no idea.  He sounded calm on the phone, but Id learned by now his mood didnt necessarily match the manner of his speaking.

Those times when Id considered dying, the lake was my chosen spot.  Back when I was living in my car (after Id lost my hotel room), I briefly considered driving out here, sticking a hose in the tailpipe, and going to sleep.  I never did, and once the car was impounded I had a lingering sense of regret that I hadnt done it.  

I remembered getting that apartment after I found the money and how good it felt. Seemed like so long ago.  

16

It wasnt until several weeks later when I was finally let in on the joke.  Hawk had wanted to tell me, but hed been waiting for the right time.  Raul just happened to be the setup he needed.

After hearing on the radio one evening about how bad the local roads were, Hawk decided that hed go out and prove that there was absolutely nothing wrong with snarled traffic.  Off we went to Paul Peterson, a freeway where five lanes compacted into two, and youd see mothers with babies, old women, and businessmen yelling and cursing at each other all day long.  Once they needed footage for a film called Apocalypse, and the crew needed a shot of a freeway where all the cars were abandoned like people had just up and left them.  They ended up using Peterson, just coming out and filming it in the middle of a regular day.  Heh, I saw the damn movie, and it looked just like the cars werent moving or anything.

Hawk was determined to experience a rush hour traffic jam firsthand.  I dont see what all this fuss is about, Deacon; this isnt that bad at all!  Hawk was standing in the back of the limo, his head through the sunroof watching the road as Hans maneuvered the limo through traffic.  I find it rather relaxing to sip champagne while enjoying such an up-close view of the metropolis!  

Outside, cars honked and people yelled, whether at us or just the situation I couldnt be sure.  Hawk sat perched through the sunroof the entire time, interacting with other drivers and waving as if we were in a parade.  I stayed inside the car (worried, weirdly enough, about being recognized or being hit with a beer bottle), but it must have been fun for the Boss; we did it three times before Hawk announced he was bored and wanted to do something else.

Hans, drive down this street. Lets see who we can find tonight, he demanded, and we took the Wood Street exit; left would take us into a hopping strip of bars and clubs, while right would meander into a neighborhood of tiny dark houses where people sat on porches and stared at all hours of the night.  Right we turned, and the resulting neighborhood brought back memories of the kind of little house Tonya and I lived in before we split up. 

Well hello sir, and how are you tonight?  Rather than roll down his window, Hawk again stuck his head through the sunroof.  From where I was sitting I couldnt even see the guy, but it seemed he was in front of the limo crossing the street.

I chuckled.  People crossing the street.  Better watch out, Hawkll get ya!

You, yes you!  Stop walking, just come here a second!  Hawk demanded, his voice aimed at the front, then the side.  A figure in the middle of the street, barely visible, threw his arms up in frustration.

I want nothin to do with you!  Get away, get away!

But Im so lonely!  Just one five-minute conversation, how much do you want?  Hawk reached into his jacket and tossed a wad of bills toward the figure.  Four hundred?  Five hundred?  Youre making out like a high-priced hooker tonight!

Look, I know what youre about, and I dont want nothing to do with you, so just get away from me!

How much to eat broken glass? Hawk asked. I have some champagne flutes back here, but theyre incredibly thin.  The limo started moving in reverse to keep following the man.

Will, you are a crazy man!  Come on, lets get out of here, I said.

Hawk ducked back down and took his seat.  We cant now. Hes challenged us to a test of wills!  We have to follow until either he stops or one of us dies; thats the plan.

What?

Im just kidding, Deacon!  But seriously if one of us does die tonight, Im ninety percent sure it will be him.  Hans, block the man for me!  

In an unexpectedly nimble move for such a large vehicle, Hans cut a hard turn going backward and to the right, sending us up and over the curb, knocking over a trash can, and completely cutting off the walking mans path.  Hawk stepped out, palms raised, and for the first time I could clearly see the face of the man we had been following.

Sailor!  It was Sailor!

Man, what the fuck is your problem? Sailor demanded.  Why you gotta keep messing with me?  Im just trying to get somewhere, cant you see that?

Hawk kept moving forward, palms out as if to reassure Sailor he meant no harm.  Look, friend, I come in peace.  Lets just talk for a minute.  As he spoke I carefully climbed out of the limo behind him.  

Talk?  You dont fucking talk!  You prolly gonna kill me or something!  Sick cracker jack mother fucker!  Runnin round this city killin folks, Im tired of you, tired of you comin down here!  Tired!  Tired!  As Sailor screamed, his eyes darted to and fro until finally they met mine; then he froze. 	

Deke? he asked.  Is that you?

I looked a little embarrassed until Hawk interrupted.  Surprise!  Its a reunion!  Isnt this amazing?

Sailor looked me up and down for a minute, then at Hawk, then back at me before finally responding.  SoI guess you did make it off the streets.  Good for you, man.  Money took you far, too bad it cant buy you a soul.

Oh, whatever, Hawk said.  Thats something only a stupid person without any money would say.  Look, youre boring and poor, so that means you have a problem.  Do you want to know what that problem is?

Sailor shrugged.  Not really, kemosabe.  

Youre afraid of people!  How absolutely unreasonable!  Here I was trying to have a simple conversation with you but no, youd have nothing of it!  Get away this, and dirty profanity that!  No wonder youre a piece of trash!  But dont worry; Im going to break you of that little problem!  Are you ready?

No, replied Sailor.

Hawk continued as if he had said yes.  Very well, you can either get into my limos trunk right now, and I will pay you three thousand dollars oror Ill pay those men standing across the street over there to kick you in the kidneys.  Which sounds better?  Smiling from ear to ear, Hawk gestured to the trunk.

I scratched my face, uncomfortable.

Hows this for a choice, Sailor said.  I aint fraid of you.  Youre just an evil fucking man with too much money and too much time who thinks its funny to torture people havin it rough.  Well, I got news for you, it aint funny.  Youre an asshole, and Id take my life out here any day for your shithole existence.  The two men stared at each other; Sailor stone-faced and unmoving, Hawks lips twitching slightly.  

Good luck to ya Deke.  He offered without as much as a glance as he turned to walk away.  Hawk and I both watched him shuffle the direction he came without so much as a glance back.

Damn.  I shook my head.  Guess thats that.  You ready?

Hawk said nothing; he only continued to watch Sailor silently as he faded into the night.  Breaking into a jog, Hawk ran straight toward a doorway across the street where three men drinking beer had watched the confrontation silently.  

Wait, wait, wait a goddamn minute!  I pleaded as I ran after him.  What are you doing?

What does it look like Im doing?  Im hiring the local color to get over there and get rough with him.  Werent you listening?

Yeah, but he passed the test!  Hes not afraid of you; doesnt that count as passing?

No, of course not! Hawk said.  That would be entirely too easy.  Tests are supposed to be hard!

Come on, man! I wailed as I jogged next to him.  Seriously, whats that going to teach him?

We stopped six feet from the group before Hawk finally answered me.  The same thing I teach everyone else.  To the guys he said, You gentlemen seem like you could use an extra grand or two in your pockets, am I right?

Whos asking?  One of the men demanded to know.  He was a mean-looking brother, standing next to another brother and a Latino.

Our dear departed President McKinley, God rest his soul.  You see that man walking down that alley?  I just need you to run over there and kick him in the kidneys a few times.  Thats all.

And you got the cash on you? asked the Mexican guy.

Hawk pulled a wad of bills from his trench coat and handed it over with the cool confidence of a man untouchable by any force of man or nature.  Half now, half once hes pissing blood.

The black guy sitting down immediately stood up, grabbed the money, and took off toward Sailor.  The other two followed like hungry wolves in full-fledged pursuit; across the street, past the limo, and right into the dark where we could only see them as shadows in a cone of pale orange light.

God no, Willard, no! I grabbed his arm and he stared at me, eyes burning, face devoid of emotion.

Deacon  Willard shook his head, and my grip collapsed under his gaze.  He turned away from me and focused back on the action.  

Oh God, Sailor!  No  Falling to my knees I gripped my chest tight and rubbed my face raw as they closed fast on my former friend.  Three large figures surrounded the small one like a cloud of darkness, blurring into an indistinct mass of arms, legs and motion.   The only sign they were individuals were the grunts of the assailants over the cries and whimpering of the homeless man begging them to stop.  And on the street Willard Hawk laughed louder than either force of violence or force of pain combined.

***

What did that prove? I finally asked after we drove in silence for what seemed like an eternity.

What did what prove? he asked while he played with his phone.

You know what, Will.  That shit back there!  What was that?

Oh, without even looking up, you mean Fisherman?

Sailor, I interrupted.  His name is Sailor.

Yes, well whatever.  Lets see him get you a Mercedes or a downtown loft.

Thats not the point, Will.  Whyd you have to go and have those guys beat him up for?  And dont say you were testing him because thats total bullshit, Will.  There was no test.

Okay, fine.  There is no test.

Just now?  I know there wasnt.

No.  I mean ever,  Hawk laid his phone in his lap and looked at me.  Is that what you wanted to hear?

What I want is a goddamn explanation!

You just got one.  

That theres no test ever?  That doesnt make sense.

Why wouldnt it?  Because I told you thats what we were doing?  What if I were lying, just to mess with you?

No.  No thats not right everything we were doing seemed so

Hawk shrugged.  Amusing?  It was wasnt it?

And?

Thats it.  It was just amusing.  Without another word he went back to playing with his phone.

Is that it?  I thought we were doing something real here, testing people when they need to be tested!  Not this, what isthis?  No more boundaries or limits, just fucking with anyone we come across, is that it?

My dear Deacon, thats exactly what it is.

So why would you tell me this?  All of this, for what? 

Hawk sighed and put his phone back down.  I just told you what I needed to so I could get you on board.  The truth is I couldnt care less about testing people because Ive already figured everyone out.  Even you, Deacon.  The limo rolled to a halt, and Hans marched up to stand patiently at Hawks door.

What do you think you know about me? I demanded.

Everything I need too.  Hawk rapped lightly on the window and the door popped open.  You have your price just like everybody does.

Whys that?  Because I work for a living?

Not just that, Deacon, but for the exceptionally fine job youve done for me.  Thanks to you, I cant recall any other time in my life when Ive felt so amused.

You said we were conducting tests and helping people change their lives and shit.  Proving something to the world, thats why Im here, thats why Ive been helping you.  So what am I doing here, Willard?  

Deacon, I can call an apple a pear, but at the end of the day its still an apple.  Chopping appendages off and stuffing beer bottles into orifices isnt a test, no matter which way you cut it.  Its proving one point and one point alonethat people are a commodity, and every man has his price.  I happen to find it incredibly amusing to give people money and watch them do stupid things.  Personally, I find what you did to Raul absolutely hilarious; Ive laughed about it every night since I first saw him on that feeding tube!

Thats not true.  Seriously, how can you say that Will?  How can you say that?  After everything weve done, after all the work we did

Hawk stepped out of the limo, straightened himself in the glare of the parking lights, and leaned his head back in.  Exactly, Deacon, after everything weve done.  Together.  Weve had so much fun, havent we?  And that, my friend, is why youre here.

 You know Im not going to stand for this.  Im not just going to hang around now that I know why youre doing all this.

Thats fine.  Just be sure to write me a check for the money you owe me when you leave.

What money?  You said we were square.

From the original debt, yes.  You still owe me from all those bars and clubs and parties and the loft. and the Mercedes.  Im sure there are other things too.  I stared at him, dumbfounded.  What?  You didnt think all those things were free, did you?

Iyouyou said that it was all taken care ofyou just gave them to me!

Yes, as in dont bother paying just then.  Thats what I meant.  I didnt want to slow our nights down with tabs and receipts and credit cards and the like, so I just took the liberty of deducting it from your future paycheck.  Hawk cocked his head slightly and pouted his lip just a tad.  Come now Deacon, I didnt get rich paying peoples ways into clubs and parties.  I got there by inheriting a huge sum of money from my father!

Thats not not fair.

And thats what makes it so funny! Hawk chuckled.  Do what you want, just lock the door whenever you do it.  Ive got DVDs back here that arent mine, and Id much rather not have to pay for them.  Unless you dont mind buying those either.

My face felt very hot, like a blast of warm air was constantly being blown onto my neck.  The door slammed and I was alone; just me, the cold, and the silent black limo listening to Hans and Hawks footsteps walk across the parking lot and toward the light.

17

Few things are worse than watching your life implode to the point where you have nothing.  More than anything I remember those last few months leading up to my near total collapse with Tonya.  The drinking, the fighting, the bills, the accusations, the tension; our house felt like it could collapse if anything stronger than a mild gust blew through the sky.

In the end it was just a whisper, hers, telling me to get out.  It sobered me up after a long night of whisky and smoking kush mixed with a dash of PCP.  Deep down I was a little proud of her, after all the months of empty talk about how she was going to change things Id just expected to come home and sleep the day away.

She was already up.  Cool as ice, she watched me lie down, doze off, and then calmly packed the kids up and sent them off to school.  Then, without so much as a word, she stuffed my things into two suitcases and stuck them outside the door.

Wake up!  Wake up you bastard!  Take any of your shit thats left, and get the hell out!  She growled in pitch unnatural for her soft voice.

Shut up bitch, Im trying to sleep.  I pulled the covers up over my head and rolled over to face the other way.  Thats when I heard the unmistakable click of my 357.

The gun looked almost comical in the hands of my five-foot wife.  Her face, however, was anything but funny. She trembled with a mix of sadness and rage and seemed poised to pull the trigger accidentally or on a seconds notice.

Get out, she repeated.

Youre not gonna do it! I scoffed.

I swore that I wouldnt do a lot of things Deacon.  I swore Id never let another man hit me, and I did.  I swore Id have a better life than my sister, and here I am.  But I swear, I swear today and I swear before God, that my kids will never grow up to be like you!

I began to rise slowly and walk toward her.  Theyll arrest you.  Youll go to jail.

She swallowed hard and shifted her weight back and forth.  Youre a drug addict and a wife beater.  I think Ill take my chances.

We mad dogged each other, my eyes wide and glassy, hers small and moist.  Then I just up and grabbed my keys, wallet, Rolex, and hit the road.  It would be the last time for three years that I stayed under a roof that wasnt made out of cardboard, concrete, subsidized by the city, or visited by housekeeping each morning.

At first it felt great being free.  No bitchy wife, no whiny kids, no one giving me shit to do, telling me how to spend my Sundays; it was great!  I got high, I fucked, drank all day, stayed up all night, hustled when needed and lived like I was a goddamn rock star.

Thing is though, a man cant build a future on any of that partying and shit.  I wanted more and, well, I just couldnt afford it.  Heh, I never even knew I was broke until the day I went to pick up my hit and came up short.  It was fall, and I was standing out on a corner holding a sign and begging for change so I could get fucked up enough to forget that I was on a corner begging for change to get fucked up.

Hows that for a life?

***

I stood outside the limo in the cold air and watched: Hans stood at the ready near the drivers door and Hawk was up on the yard speaking to the old woman.  It all played out like a movie happening a thousand miles away.  I was just sitting in the audience.  

Could I do it all over again if I had to?

Hawk waved a piece of paper in her face like a flag. I just kept watching.  This wasnt my business any more than a mugging in Mexico City was.

We all work crappy jobs to get where we want to be.  I mean come on, does anyone really want to be a telemarketer or work in medical billing or sell insurance?

She was on her knees, crying.  

I never wanted to be Hawks architect, but I never wanted to be homeless either.  Hell, I really didnt want to be homeless with a price on my head.  You try going to sleep every night knowing you might wake up to somebody sawing off your feet.

Or worse.

The facades were gone.  The hiding of motivations was finished.

So you cant judge me.  Im doing what I need to do to survive.  Same as you.

The workers tore into the house, pulling boards from its face as she wept.  Shed signed the house over to Hawk for some nonsense reason or another, but it didnt matter.  He was tearing it apart in front of her now, yelling at her for being so stupid.

We all go to work, we do our jobs, we come home.  Some of us take care of kids, some of us go out and drink.  Rinse and repeat, over and over.  Are we really so naive as to think a day goes by when were not hurting someone?  Guess what; going an entire day, even one day, without hurting anyone else is impossible.  You think the kids that sew your clothes or the farmers that grow your coffee are happy?  Shit, they do it because they have to, not because they want to help you wake up or be well dressed.

Why was he doing it?  Simple he was bored.  Shed lived in that house most of her life.  She was in her mid-seventies now, no family, no husband, no nothing.  I mean, she had them, but theyd all moved away and ignored her.  I think Hawk went in there telling her he was going to make her house a museum to the American housewife.  Now he had ex cons he found on Craigslist tearing the place apart and smashing everything inside.  For her suffering I felt nothing.

We all have to work, and we all cause misery.  Theres so goddamn much of it in the world that sometimes we have to pick and choose where to be greedy, where to be selfish.  Id picked mine; I was sticking with Hawk not because of the money I owed him, but something much more personal.

My suffering was with Tonya.  See, Hawk anonymously paid to have Raul put back in her house, medical equipment and all.  And he was also funding the nurse that would check on him three times a week.  That way her life wasnt totally ruined by her paralyzed and brain-damaged husband.  She could still try to be normal, even though she never would.  So Im sorry, but I dont have a lot of room left in my heart to weep for an old woman. 

Im doing exactly what Im told to do while I pray to God that he gives me another chance, just one more.  I dont know what its going to be yet but hes come through before, and I know he will again.  I know what I am and Im a good man, and Im okay with this because Im not going to be doing this forever.  One day Im going to open my own shop and do car customizations, the real fancy shit you see famous people driving.  Then, when my moneys right and Im walking tall, Im going to go sweep Tonya right off her feet, send cripple Raul to a nursing home, get back my boys, and pick right up where we left off.

See, I didnt have that plan last time.  Now I do, thats whats going to be different.

We watched, the three of us, as six angry men tore the house to shit.  It wasnt so early that working neighbors were home but not so late that sleeping neighbors were up, so we watched in silence for what seemed like hours.  It was maybe only ten minutes at most.  Ten minutes of amusement for however much Hawk had spent to get the deed to the house.  Oh yeah, and that was the joke, by the way.  Hawk told me most people become so panicked when the jaws start to close that they try to give the money back.  Thats why he likes to use checks because they get torn into little bitty pieces and he never has to pay.  Thats why this woman was weeping, shed tried doing just that.  

This isnt really my life, its not who I am.  Im just hanging back a little, putting some things in order while I get my path straight.  Soon Im going to take care of my business, and things will be back to how they used to be, with me, Tonya, the boys, Saturdays at the Farmers Market, Sundays at the park.  Never got to see them in school, Ill have to see what that routine is like

Hawk snapped his fingers, and Hans opened the door.  He entered first, then I flicked my cigarette and followed.  Im smoking like a motherfucker, but I still havent touched that bottle yet thank the Lord.  I gotta do something after all to show God Im still there, still with him.  

Because thats all I need is one more chance to make it happen.  Just once more chance, God, please just give me one more chance.

##


About the Author
A native son of Texas, Raymond Carter Cantrell is the lone child of a computer engineer and an accountant. Growing up in a middle class house in a relatively homogenous suburb his early life could best be described as average. At a young age he did not make a billion dollar website, exhibit extraordinary physical prowess, nor demonstrate the charisma necessary to move millions to tears.

Upon graduation from Texas A&M he took a career in finance which was, for the most part, also average. He did neither well nor poorly, merely going through the motions necessary to collect a paycheck and thereby pay for goods and services which thereby allowed him to continue working said job.

One day in his mid 20's he left his grey cube and never returned. On a whim he sold everything and began a career as a political consultant, prostituting himself on various street corners for whatever causes and projects people would pay him for. Some of the resulting experiences would later bear influence on his first novel, America in the Fall.

Today Raymond spends his time writing screenplays and producing various film and commercial projects. When not working he spends his time learning new skills or encouraging others on their own roads to success. The Poor Mans Greed is his second book but he has many more manuscripts hidden in shoeboxes in the back of his closet.

"The secret to being successful is to just do things." -Raymond Carter Cantrell
