OPEN CHANNEL
By Daniel Betts

 Copyright 2011 Daniel Betts
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Remember the best way to support an author is to buy and rate their work

ISBN: 978-0-9867940-0-1


For Brandon, Jillian and Logan
Chapter One

A city stands against a veil of darkness. Towers and spires rise up from grey synthetic ground in stark defiance of the natural world. The citys bright yellow lights cause the few clouds floating above to glow ominously while dimming the stars in patches of velvet sky. 
Walking the streets, the dwellers ignore the night and move about as if it were day. Honking horns, sirens, and low flying aircraft create a din that only seasoned dwellers have learned to ignore. Walking among them, a lone figure, dressed in a long black leather jacket and black felt fedora, is clearly an outsider, but the dwellers are as indifferent to his presence as they are to each other. He is tall and thick. His heavy dress shirt, black jeans, and leather-hiking boots are as worn as his grim face. His dark eyes are filled with hurt and pain. He walks with even purposeful strides and stares ahead toward his objective ignoring those around him.
Fearlessly, the stranger crosses a street in front of moving traffic, ignoring the screeching tires, honks and angry expletives from annoyed drivers. On the other side of the street, the stranger pushes past a young couple admiring the breathtaking view of two silver moons hanging full in the sky.
Watch yourself! the male half of the couple warns angrily. His girlfriend, her face filled with disgust, grumbles while looking back at the hulking rude stranger as he walks away.
At first subtle, but growing more distinct, a thumping vibration rises under the stranger's feet. 
As he nears his objective the energy changes around the stranger. The dwellers have changed in appearance as well. He finds himself walking among younger, well-dressed people. Scantily clad young women in revealing leather outfits are being studied by young men in tight expensive fabrics, their eyes filled with lust. They are congregating at the entrance to a three-story building that is covered by bright multi-colored neon. Blazing searchlights on the flat roof are sending bright beams into the sky. Jack's Place screams its existence to the world with insanely large, glowing, red stylized letters running parallel to the roof. A set of heavy black doors, twice the standard size, muffle bass heavy electronic dance music from within. 
Two bald muscular men, dressed in black tight muscle shirts and black slacks, stand on either side of the doors with their thick arms crossed; they could be twins, as they look so alike. A velvet cable, suspended by two metal posts, keeps patrons from getting past and up the steps. A line of young people stretch from the front of the cable down the street and around the corner. 
The stranger approaches, walks around the cable and starts up the stairs.
Going somewhere, Grandpa? the bouncer on the left asks with cheerful amusement. It is strange how such a muscular looking man can have such a high-pitched feminine voice.
The stranger says nothing. As he looks past the two men, his grim pockmarked face is emotionless, the color of his pupils briefly flash crimson red. The two bouncers suddenly fall to their knees and the stranger steps forward. With wide terrified eyes the bouncers hold their hands over their ears, emitting horrible screams of pain as blood trickles between their fingers. 
A girl, waiting in line, releases a shrill cry of fear. The rest of the crowd looks on with curious fascination.
The stranger enters a dimly lit foyer. 
A thin young woman with long black hair steps out of the shadows, proudly displaying her pale smooth flesh. To say she is dressed would be an exaggeration. Her top is little more than triangular patches of blue fabric that barely covering her nipples and is held in place by thin strings. Her skirt could easily be mistaken for a belt; her thick mascara hid more of her than did her skimpy outfit. The stranger glances at the woman and scowls at her with revulsion.
Are you sure you want to be here old man? the girl asks with a sarcastic smirk.
Whore, the stranger rasps slowly, his voice gurgling with contempt.
Fifty ren, asshole! the girl spits viciously.
The stranger makes a casual shooing motion with his hand. His eyes flash crimson. The girl flies backward and crashes violently into a wall. She releasing a sharp gasp as the air is forced from her lungs. She crumples to the black floor coughing and wheezing.
The stranger walks forward. A set of double doors gives him access to a dark surreal realm soaked in electronic music, perfume and sweat. The beat of the music pulses directly into his heart and rises from a flashing multi-colored floor that is covered by a sea of gyrating dancers. Above the floor, spotlights flash into the crowd following the beat of the music. Green and red lasers crisscross above the dancers heads and fog machines eject bursts of mist onto the crowd. 
The stranger pushes through the crowd roughly, ignoring the angry looks and expletives. A careless hand gropes the strangers ass; were the stranger not focused the owner of the hand would have experienced much painful regret for the transgression. Near the center of the dance floor the stranger starts to scan the crowd. His eyes filled with repugnance at what he sees. An orgy of flesh set to a constant steady beat. Unseemly debauchery taking place in the shadows further degrades any sympathy he has for the fate of the impure souls in his sight.
The music suddenly shifts in tone and beat. The crowd comes alive, releasing loud cheers, hoots and whistles. A large round table lowers to hover twelve feet above the enthralled and enthusiastic crowd. 
The stranger looks up at the hovering table and raises an eyebrow. At the center of the platform, frozen in an erotic dance pose, is the silhouette of a stunning female figure.
The crowd applauds with intensified vigor, cheering in unison the name, Aria, Aria, Aria... over and over. Suddenly, bright lights flash onto the hovering platform to reveal a beautiful woman with long jet-black hair and wearing a black, skin tight, spandex body suit. She has a tight muscular and shapely body that few women on the dance floor could hope to compete with. The beautiful exotic woman breaks into a shockingly powerful dance routine that perfectly matches the strength and rhythms of the music. She twists and turns her body with unparalleled finesse and grace, which fills the crowd with erotic energy.
The stranger scowls and reaches into his long black leather jacket.  
At the edge of the crowd, two large muscular men, wearing paramilitary police uniforms, watch the stranger and nod as a visibly shaken, scantily clad thin girl with long black hair and mascara streaking her face, points him out.  
Aria cannot see the crowd from the bright lights, but she can hear them and she can feel the powerful energy that pours into her with unique intensity. The crowd cheers and dances with her, some trying in vain to emulate her practiced natural skill. Her beautiful well-toned body fills the minds of both men and women with lusty fantasies. She is well aware of the affect her dancing has on the audience; it is the reason she is so very well paid to perform. 
Aria is used to positive energy from the crowd so it is surprising when her awareness detects a subtle but distinctly negative energy rising from below. Aria soon realizes there is something terrible in the crowd. The energy is menacing and evil. She feels eyes filled with hatred watching her. The contrast is so distinct it is easy to pinpoint, like a black object in a sea of white. The deep loathing saddens Aria to her core. She hides her awareness of him; not wanting the predator to realize it has been discovered. Subtly Aria draws her will, the source of her power, while being careful to not expose herself to the stalking menace below. Cleverly, she changes her dance routine, removing her usually sensual body movements and replacing them with flying jumps and kicks resembling rhythmic martial arts. Her dance is still powerful and fitting, but the tone is no longer sexual. Pleasing the crowd has become irrelevant. 
The stranger, oblivious to Arias awareness, draws two long black blades from beneath his jacket, the sharp edges glinting in the overhead lights. Expertly he twirls them about in his hands to feel their weight. Without remorse or hesitation he tests them. With lightening speed he arcs a blade through the air, slicing the sharp edge through the neck of a hapless young woman, practically decapitating her. With finesse, the stranger stabs the second blade into the chest of a nervous young man, who moments early was sporting a goofy grin on a narrow adolescent like face. Both victims crumple silently to the floor simultaneously.
The two police officers, having just waded through the crowd are too late to stop the stranger from murdering two dancers. Both officers attempt to violently grab the assailant.  
With ease and a satisfied smirk on his face, the stranger spins about, thrusts his blades between the two officers and violently yanks his arms apart, forcing the sharp metal to slice through their necks, spraying blood mixed with spinal fluid into the throng of dancers. 
What the fuck? a heavyset male dancer curses upon feeling the warm liquid spray into his face.  Another girl screams at the sight of blood spewed across her tight revealing mini-skirt.  
As the bodies of the two patrolmen fall lifeless to the floor, the stranger uses their corpses to leap from. He rises up with ease and grace toward the floating dance table and performs a midair twirl, swinging his blades in a wide arc, intent on catching his prey by surprise. He lands on the table with a menacing thud. Below, fearful screams are heard as dancers realize there are dead people lying in pools of blood on the dance floor.
Aria, timing her maneuver with the music and giving it the appearance of being part of her routine, comes about and extends her hand palm up. 
A look of horror flashes across the stranger's face as he realizes Aria has not been caught by surprise at all. 
Aria flashes the stranger a sad smile then releases her will upon him. 
In vain, the stranger growls as he swings his swords toward Aria, but he is caught by the power of her will. He is lifted off the table and thrown back. He flies, somersaulting end over end, through the air and over the crowd. He crashes into some of the lighting fixtures that hang above the dance floor. Sparks fly as lights shatter and break. Debris is falling on the evacuating crowd below.
Large hidden doors have swung open to allow a quick exit for a large crowd, but despite the precautions it is clear a few souls were not able to avoid being trampled by the stampede of frightened patrons.
Despite the lack of dancing, the music of the club is still playing as loud as ever and it provides a very strange surreal arena for battle. Aria leaps from the hovering dance table, performs a midair spin and lands solidly on the dance floor below. 
The stranger crashes onto the floor a few feet away in a tangle of wires and broken light fixtures, his hat lost forever in the messy tangle above. Angrily the stranger throws the debris aside and flips to his feet to face Aria. He has just one of his swords, but he twirls it in his hand with fury and deadly skill.
Arias dark eyes widen with the recognition of her adversary. How did you get away? Aria demands of the stranger. Aria pushes back the horror of the stranger's presence in her midst and quickly recharges her will, keeping it at the edge of her fingertips.
Witch!  The stranger curses, his voice is deep and seems to resonate through the loud music in a frightening way. Time to join the rest of your race!  He flicks his arm at the elbow and the blade fires from his hand like a bullet; a streak of blackness that strikes Aria full in the shoulder.  
Aria screams, the blade sinking deeply and slicing out her back. The force lifts her off the floor and sends her flying against the opposite wall. The blade sinks into the concrete as it were flesh, pinning the dancer. Aria screams in torment. She hangs several feet in the air by the stranger's blade. In her forehead a third eye appears briefly, flashes then vanishes suddenly. A river of her blood is dripping down the wall. Intense pain courses through her body, evaporating her will and the energy she had prepared to use against her attacker. How the fuck did you do that?  Aria demands. Her eyes fill with tears from both anger and pain. With her free hand she reaches over to grasp the hilt of the blade. Painfully she cries out. She yanks with all she has, but the blade refuses to give.  
The stranger grins with satisfaction. He turns to search for the second sword that was dropped during his encounter with the overhead lighting. Seeing it among the fallen debris and wires he reaches down to retrieve it while whistling to himself whimsically. 
Aria continues to struggle with the blade that keeps her pinned to the wall.  She feels her strength failing fast and the excruciating pain sinks into her bones while her insides ignite. Tears stream down her beautiful face, which is contorted by torment. 
Smiling, the stranger advances on the helpless dancer, twirling his sword at the wrist casually. 
Aria closes her eyes. With her chest heaving and the pain unbearable, she does the one thing she had vowed never to do ever again. She opens the hidden psychic channel in her soul. With a powerful burst of energy she releases her cry, projecting it out through time and space to the only person she knows can help her.
Chapter Two

A lovely young woman appears calm and patient while waiting inside a brightly lit silver elevator car. She holds her arms behind her back twisting her fingers together nervously. Her face is expressionless. Her bright blue eyes look far away. Her short blond hair hangs just above her shoulders and her calm pale face is completely free of blemishes. She wears a tight blue short sleeve shirt with a zipper running down the center. Embroidered on her right shoulder is a golden dragon emblem with a silver bar beneath it. Her top clings to her nubile figure and ample chest. Her matching blue skirt hugs her firm thighs seductively with a hem that ends halfway from her knees. Her outfit is completed with shiny polished black boots, which reach halfway to her knees
Officer's Deck, a soft female voice announces distinctly. 
The elevator door slides silently away and the young woman steps out into a dimly lit corridor. Her boot clicks echo off the polished silver walls as she walks over the metal floor panels. 
She passes a darkened door marked XO centered in big black letters on the cold metal surface. Upon seeing the markings on the door the young woman pauses and sighs. She continues at a slightly quicker pace. 
The next doorway is also dark and whatever lettering had been there was roughly and angrily scratched out of the surface leaving deep rough gouges in the metal. Passing the second door the young woman shudders visibly.
She comes upon the last door and it is brightly lit and marked CAPTAIN in bold black letters much as the first door, but the lettering is very clear and clean.  
The officer takes a deep breath, straightens her skirt and then pulls down the zipper at the center of her top to reveal a generous amount of firm pale cleavage. The young woman blushes and smiles to herself. Taking another nervous breath, she places her right palm on the metal surface of the door. 
Instantly the door slides into the wall, making her jump slightly. 
She steps through the metal hatchway and into a dimly lit room with a slightly reddish tinge of light along the eight-foot ceilings. There is a blue-carpeted landing and steps that lead down into a sitting area. A rounded couch circles a messy coffee table where several dirty dishes and cups lay. To the left of the sitting area are an untidy desk and a lifeless terminal emitter. 
Directly ahead and behind the sitting area is another set of steps leading to another landing where a tall muscular man dressed in a black sleeveless t-shirt and thick black combat slacks, looks out at the stars through a transparent bulkhead. Strapped to the mans right thigh is a large pistol, the black handle sticking out of a durable synthetic holster. He has very short black hair and dark serious eyes. An ugly looking scar runs down his right cheek reaching to his chiseled jaw. Attached to his left ear is his com-unit; an oval shaped metallic-blue device that fits around his earlobe with a probe that runs down the ear canal.
Behind the man is his rack; only it isnt the cramped bunks that the rest of the crew must endure but a full queen sized bed, raised off the floor with storage drawers beneath it. Red blankets and satin sheets are messily shoved to one side of the comfy foam mattress. A black leather jacket, with a gold dragon emblem on the right shoulder and a silver star beneath, is draped over one corner of the bed. Two pillows lie on the floor next to the bed.
The young womans eyes are drawn to the bed. She licks her lips then takes a deep breath before walking through the sitting area and up the steps to the landing. A slight blush comes to her complexion as her knees become unsteady.
Captain, sir, the woman says with a shaky and uneven child-like voice. Unconsciously she pushes her chest out towards him while holding her hands behind her back, twisting her fingers together.
He barely hears her voice. His mind is far from where he is standing. It began as a very familiar itch moments before the scantily clad yeoman entered his quarters. It has now become a pulse of intense energy flowing through his mind. It has been so long since he last felt the sensation that he scarcely believes it is real. Slowly he turns toward the young woman but he does not see her. He sees a woman with long dark hair dressed in a tight shiny black outfit, her face contorted with intense pain. Aria? he asks aloud.
The young woman raises her left eyebrow. A hurt feeling rising in her heart surprises her. She frowns with disappointment. Valerie sir, Yeoman Valerie Encino. Im here with the shift report, she explains. She glances at the bed, her lower lip quivering. As always, sir.
His eyes widen as the vision shifts; there is now blood pouring from a wound in Arias shoulder as her mouth opens and releases a shrill scream in the mans mind. The vision disappears suddenly. Valerie, her face confused, takes Aria's place. 
Yeoman, he croaks roughly.  He places his right hand against his forehead, his eyes squinting. He tries to process the painful vision. 
Captain?  Valerie questions with concern.
The captain turns back toward the transparent bulkhead and takes a deep breath.  Yeoman, report to the CIC and take your station for combat operations, the captain orders. His voice is deep, uncompromising and has an authoritative threat behind it. His is a voice that inspires immediate action or dire consequences.
Valeries eyes widen with surprise. Immediately her entire body and mind shifts and all the amusements and erotic thoughts that occupied her attention moments before disintegrate, replaced with programming and training. She snaps to attention and salutes stiffly. Yes sir! she barks clearly. Quickly she turns and sprints from his quarters. She also quickly zips up her top to restore her uniform to its proper state.
The captain reaches up and lightly taps his com-unit. The unit projects a holographic heads-up display, or HUD, before his eyes and using his mind the Captain quickly selects the processes he desires. An announcement tone chimes over every speaker and channel on the ship. 
This is the captain, his confident voice resonances throughout the ship, I have just received a distress call and we need to act immediately. All hands make ready for combat operations. Helm, open emergency portal alpha two and home in on the active beacon. Red squad, report to drop stations. I will be leading a rescue-op away. That is all.
A rhythmic and steady klaxon sounds throughout the ship, including the Captain's Quarters. Over the speakers, a harsh voice roars, This is the XO! All hands on deck! Make ready for combat.
Following the announcement unseen operators, speaking with skilled practice, begin relaying directions and status reports throughout the ship. The reports are white noise to the Captain but if something doesn't sound right he will hear it and react. The captain turns away from the transparent bulkhead just as thick metal armor plates slide silently into place from the outside, covering it.
Captain Drake? a soft eloquent female voice asks in his ear.
Warrior, are you ready for some action? Jason asks with a smile. He walks to his bed to grab his leather jacket.
It is my purpose to be ready, Captain, Warrior replies confidently.
I know you won't let us down, Jason says as he pulls his jacket on and straightens the sleeves.
Sir, Alpha Two could be anywhere and we won't know for sure until we have opened her portal. This is an extremely dangerous action, sir. Warrior states, her eloquent voice tinged with concern.
Shes dying, Warrior. We don't have time to scout. If we don't go right now, I could lose her too, Jason says with a pained look in his eyes. He walks through his quarters toward the hatchway.
Of course sir, I understand the nature of your connection to her. I am just a little surprised that youve heard from her now and under these circumstances. She was very explicit of her intentions when she left. You should be cautious, Warrior advises.
When it comes to her, caution is irrelevant, Jason assures. I know what I saw. If she needs our help, then it is something bad and we need to investigate.
We are with you, sir. I know I speak for the entire crew, Warrior replies. Whatever we find on the other side of Alpha Two, I will do my best, sir. 
I expect nothing less, my friend. Carry on, pilot, Jason says confidently. The door to his quarters opens automatically with his approach and Jason steps through the hatchway and into the corridor beyond.
*****
The captain says were jumping, so lets jump! XO Kraken declares loudly, his voice hoarse but clear. Commander Kraken is a huge man; his jumpsuit is strained by the thick mass of muscle beneath the blue fabric. On his shoulder, beneath the golden dragon emblem is a silver X symbol. His neck and arms are as thick as tree stumps, his baldhead is shiny and his eyes are darkly fierce. He stands with his great arms folded before his massive chest, just behind the command chair that sits at the center of the CIC, the ship's main control hub. The CIC is literally the heart of the ship, located at its center.  
With keen, unforgiving eyes, the XO watches the officers under his command go through the many system and safety checks required before activating and traversing a jump portal. The semi-circular room, with a curving ceiling is occupied by a dozen officers at a dozen stations, all of whom are working their holoterminals and speaking into their com-units creating a din of chatter. One station is empty and its officer quickly strides through the hatchway that opened for her automatically. Yeoman Encino leaps into the chair at her empty station, which is farthest on the portside. Quickly she activates her holoterminals and holoscreens, green emitters coming to life. Finding her com-unit lying on the flat polished metal of her station, she quickly grabs it and presses it to her right ear while semi-translucent interactive screens and keyboards glow amber and green before her eyes.
Spotting the yeoman the XO growls at her, so nice of you to join us Miss Encino, off for a little stroll were we?
Sir, Valerie replies stiffly, delivering the morning report to the Captain, sir.
Well this must be more than a little important if the captain is skipping his daily morning workout. Prepare the decks, Miss Encino, this is an emergency jump not foreplay, Commander Kraken shouts, an amused shimmer in his eyes.
Sir, Valerie acknowledges while scrolling through her screens and typing furiously on her holoterminal.
There is murmuring from two stations at the very front of the CIC where the helmsman, a very young clean-shaved man with dark hair and the weapons officer, an older man with grey hair and a moustache, are engaged in a heated conversation. 
The XO quickly detects the unnecessary exchange and whirls on the two officers with the viciousness of a hungry wolf.  Hey! the XO screams. What's this?  Think we have time for a chat? Mr. Wallace, I so hope you have that emergency jump portal plotted correctly, cause Im not interested in dying today!
Sir, that's just it...Alpha Two hasn't been plotted in years, we don't even know where it goes, sir, Ensign Wallace, the helmsman, protests with exasperation.
Now you listen to me, dumbass, the XO spits. Your job has nothing to do with questioning orders. Do your damn job! Kraken points at Wallaces chest for emphasis.
Sir, understood sir, the helmsman replies with an uneasy sigh.
Mr. Wallace, just open the hole and Ill do the rest, Warriors voice assures confidently in the helmsmans ear.
Yes maam. Youre the pilot; Im just the navigator. The Alpha Two beacon is fixed and hot, Wallace states. Gingerly and systematically his fingers fly over his holoterminal while his eyes observe the graphs on his holoscreens.
XO, pilot is ready, sir, Warriors voice announces over the CIC speakers.
The XO takes his seat in the command chair. Very well, pilot, prepare to take us into the portal.
*****
Darkness and silence is all that the biowarrior knows between missions. While it slumbers its mind is empty and does not dream. With the spark of awakening comes anticipation. A rush of strength brings euphoria. Mechanisms whir to life as systems are booted and software is tested. Injections meant to quickly restore atrophied muscles cause sudden contractions. As the biowarrior gasps to life it yanks at its much-needed restraints and thrashes about its sarcophagus. The biowarrior snaps open its eyes to see darkness until its low light vision is activated and the final stages of waking near completion. The door to its sarcophagus opens with a loud bang and its restraints are released with a sudden mechanical clank. Despite having biological cerebrums, it was realized long ago that an inactive and bored biowarrior was an unhappy biowarrior and as such, when not on active duty, they are placed into hibernation between missions.
From an observation room above the biowarrior barracks, Doctor Lisa Everett, is working fervently to rouse Red Squad. Her soft green eyes scan holographic monitors, which show her the status of each of the seven warriors as they wake. With trained proficiency she interprets many lines of code scrolling up the sides of her monitors. As she works, she tries to ignore the deeper meaning behind her captain's orders. She hears herself repeating the words Alpha Two in her head, over and over. She tries to push the words away like an annoying pest flying about her mind.
She reaches into one of the pockets of her lab coat to fish out her com-unit. She rarely puts it on as it is very uncomfortable and she hates how it feels inside her ear canal. She does not trust it even though, as a scientist, she knows perfectly well that the device is safe. She brushes back her short brown hair to expose her left ear and places the device up against it. She hesitates but there is no time for neurosis and she quickly activates the device. The process is automatic, the device hooks onto her earlobe snugly and a probe inserts itself down the ear canal and attaches itself to her nervous system; a process which is mostly painless, but the surprise of it always makes Lisa cry out and shiver uncomfortably, much like the reaction to drinking a very foul medicine. She shakes off the feeling, her eyes closed. Hesitantly she reaches up and taps the unit producing a snap of electrical recognition that makes her jump with shock.  Nobody has ever reported having this same reaction and Lisa is convinced the device itself is making the experience as uncomfortable as possible. She has tried trading for other units but the exact same thing happens. 
She grits her teeth as she scrolls through the command HUD while peering down into the biowarrior barracks. Red Squad, this is a rescue-op. Collect your gear and report to drop stations. Captain Jason Drake is personally taking command of this mission, Lisa announces. She is annoyed by the nervousness in her voice. She is still unsuccessful at ignoring the significance of the captains orders.
In the huge room below seven biowarriors step out of their sarcophagi. They are all about six feet tall with metallic blue armored shells. They have only a slightly human like appearance in that they are bipedal with large mechanical arms and legs. Their large heads have permanent menacing expressions on their mechanical faces. One of them has distinctly worn and dented armor and wears a red bandanna wrapped about its metal forehead. They could be mistaken for robots, but Lisa knows better having worked with them for many years. Under the biowarrior's tough armor is a sophisticated nervous and circulatory system that makes them particularly quick and agile. The most powerful biomechanical nodes ever created augment Biowarrior brains. The biosynths call it biotechs.
In unison, all seven biowarriors crank their heads upward to peer at Lisa with luminescent blue eyes. 
Lisa hates when they do that, it makes her uncomfortable. She gives them a weak smile and waves down to them. The biowarriors snap their fists upward in unison giving her the biowarrior salute. The biowarrior with the red bandanna turns to face the other biowarriors and barks a command that Lisa cannot hear through the thick glass. She watches as the biowarriors walk out the hatchway that has suddenly snapped opened at the far end of the barracks. Red glances back up at Lisa and nods to her. Lisa smiles and gives Red the thumbs up. Red follows his warriors through the hatchway.
Lisa glances at the holoscreens to ensure each squad member is picking up the correct weapons while activating their combat profile software. She scrolls through her HUD to find the ship communication channel she needs. Barracks to Captain Drake, Lisa begins, trying to desperately stop thinking so deeply about what is happening. Being human, Lisa has the disadvantage of not being able to just shut off her mind like the biosynths. She takes a breath and concentrates on her duties. Sir, Red Squad is armed and at drop stations.
Very well, doctor. I'm almost there, the captain's voice speaks through a blast of static.
Lisa's eyes widen. She knows static over the communications channel is a very bad sign.
The speakers in the room crackle and she can feel the deck plating under her feet shift.
Portal Alpha Two open, all hands brace for immediate passage. The helmsman announces over the ships speakers. There is unusual nervousness in his voice. Target is Neo Utopia...oh shit! We are on top of the city!
Warrior to all hands, she cries out. Her normally soft voice sounds frightened over all channels and speakers throughout the ship. Event horizon distortion confirmed we are arriving in a red zone, safety limits exceededprepare for immediate impact! Warriors voice reverberates and echoes strangely.
Son of a bitch!  Lisa cries as she leaps for her console and grips it desperately. Her heart starts to beat rapidly and she gasps for breath. Fear grips her and she shuts her eyes tightly. Lisa suddenly wonders why chairs had not been installed in the biowarrior control room.
All batteries go live, prepare for attack, The captain's voice yells over the speakers, even his usual calm is tinged with uncertainty. His words reverberate and shudder strangely becoming a drawn out scream.
Fuck me! Lisa cries out as the entire room shudders. The walls appear to suddenly glow bright orange and for a moment Lisa sees herself flying through the white noise of eternity. She feels her grip fail her and she is flung into the whiteness as an energy blast surrounds her. Every component of her being is alight with power and pain. An unbelievably loud roar rips through her skull and she cries out in excruciating pain. The roar suddenly ends and is replaced by absolute silence. Lisa is flung away from her console, her holoscreens flickering and flashing. She impacts the opposite wall; her head making a sickening thud as it cracks against the metal bulkhead. The wind flies from her lungs.  She slides down the wall and the light leaves her eyes as she slumps to the floor.

*****
Warrior! Full reverse! Commander Kraken screams in terror. He is gripping the armrests of the Command Chair. The CIC is shaking, the walls are shimmering and glowing orange. Sparks are flashing from every console as holoscreens and holoterminals flicker and flash brightly.
XO, the event horizon is pulling us through, we can not reverse, space time is already warping, Warrior's voice states hopelessly. Prepare to go to manual controls!
Manual? the XO questions with alarm.
A feedback is imminent. I may not survive, Warrior yells over the sound of screaming.
Yeoman Encino feels the gravity around her pitch and she is flung out of her chair to hang in space for what seems like an eternity. She sees a massive bright spark from the center control console where the helmsman sits. A tendril of energy appears from the ceiling and snakes about to hit every officer still sitting at their posts making them all gyrate, their arms flailing about uncontrollably. 
Suddenly a massive stroke of power fires down from the ceiling and strikes Commander Kraken. The XO is lifted from his chair and gyrates uncontrollably, screaming in horror and pain, his arms and legs flailing. His skin begins to glow and burn, beams of light exit his eyes and mouth and in a sudden burst of energy he is instantly vaporized leaving nothing but smoke. Valerie's eyes are suddenly filled with white light and all thought slips from her awareness.
Chapter Three

The chaotic scene outside Jacks Place is unprecedented. Scantily clad young women are screaming and clinging desperately to frightened young men. Some men and women are desperately calling out the names of loved ones while others stand around with shocked looks in their eyes. Three concerned friends surround a hysterical young blonde lady dressed in a skimpy blood stained dress. Patrons still rush from the open emergency doors and pour out into the street forcing traffic to a stop. Horns from indifferent and now annoyed drivers can be heard up and down the affected street.  
Overhead six police gunships, insect-like craft with glowing blue engine lights, are buzzing around the building like angry hornets. Some of the patrons look up at the gunships with relief.
Lieutenant Gregory Patton, a middle aged man with grey hair and a clean-shaven face sits at the controls of his gunship, which hovers above the growing crowd. He directs his searchlights at the emergency doors watching the last few club patrons race outside. Behind him, four heavily armed men in full tactical gear are hefting heavy rifles and checking their magazines.  
Greg can smell the adrenaline; his men are hungry for action. Greg activates the visor in his black helmet and brings up the interior security cameras on his HUD video screen. He sees little of interest because the light levels are so poor. Greg plays back a frantic report from the police dispatcher, which had been broadcast over the emergency channel, claiming that two street patrolmen had lost their vitals while investigating a possible assault inside the club. Greg uses his equipment to scan the building and detects two people. Quickly he initiates a bioscan in an attempt to extract an ID. Meanwhile, Greg uses his HUD to direct the other gunships into an attack formation. 
A distinctive chime indicates the bioscan is complete and two sets of images appear on the Lieutenant's HUD. Greg begins to review the information on the panels. One panel is blank with the words, UNIDENTIFIED, blinking in bright green in the center. The second panel however has Aria's picture; she is dressed in a grey uniform, the words Commander Aria Eaglewolf, typed beneath it. Below everything in bright red blinking letters is the word WITCHKIN. Greg blinks in disbelief.  
Suddenly his screens crackle with static and his gunship begins to shake. Gregs HUD automatically changes to a spectrographic energy analysis of the immediate area around the outside of his gunship. A sudden and growing spike appears on the graph. Oh shit! the Lieutenant exclaims with horrific realization. He opens the channel to his other gunships and screams into his microphone, Break, Break, Break!  All ships vertical escape velocity! Now!
Each gunship pilot cranks their engines toward the ground and jams their throttles all the way forward; the crowd below is seconds from being scorched. 
A horrific boom shatters glass in a one-mile radius and forces everyone on the street to the pavement. Drivers in their cars are forced to cover their faces as their windshields implode; some drivers not acting fast enough lose their sight as glass rips through their eyes and face. 
The gunships are suddenly engulfed in white light with tendrils of lightning snaking out in all directions; every pilot and passenger is instantly reduced to carbon dust. The gunships are all suddenly vaporized. All that remains are grim fading ghostly ash clouds that float above the crowd. 
Tendrils of electricity are snaking about menacingly above the shocked and frightened crowd. A gigantic hole appears in the sky above their heads through which stars can be seen.
At ground level, a pretty brunette with a torn dress as one of many who had been blown off their feet. Her left arm damaged and bleeding, she uses her right arm to push herself up off the pavement. She looks up above her head and releases a shrill terrified scream. 
Others look up and soon screams fill the air. Floating only fifty meters above the top of the crowd is a giant dragon, which barely fits between the buildings on either side of the wide street. Its massive but sleek body is covered with teardrop shaped metal scales, which fade subtly in color from green to gold. It hovers with outstretched leathery appearing wings; it's tail twisting about menacingly. It cranes down its spiky knobby head, attached to a long neck. It looks down at the crowd with sunken glowing red eyes, its mouth agape and full of sharp teeth. The electrical discharges suddenly increase and strike the dragon relentlessly causing flashes and loud thunderous cracks that reverberate around the surrounding buildings. 
The crowd scatters and runs. People are getting out of their vehicles and running with the crowd. 
The dragon's mouth opens and releases an ear-piercing shriek. A massive blast of energy engulfs the dragon, almost blinding the panicked and fleeing crowd. Tendrils of electricity spark between the creatures horns then wrap about its long sleek body. The creature quivers and shakes. The dragon's mouth drops open and its head hangs from its now stiff neck as it were sleeping with half open eyes. The creature quickly loses altitude and appears it may crush the crowd of people beneath it before suddenly stopping only a meter from the top of their heads. The tail and head both straighten stiffly; although the eyes of the dragon remain half slits with its pupils rolled back sickly. The dragon hovers for a moment before its massive legs and muscular arms stretch down to easily settle upon the street, barely missing awe struck onlookers.
Near the lower part of the creature's massive chest, a set of scales slide away revealing a circular hatchway that rolls into the hull. Eight figures drop from the open hatchway, landing on the dry pavement below with audible thuds. Seven are tall and menacing looking machines with glowing blue eyes and permanent scowls on their synthetic faces. The eighth is a muscular man dressed in a leather jacket with short hair, but an equally menacing scowl. 
Jason Drake scans the thinning crowd as he draws the pistol from the holster on his thigh. He frowns at the smell of the polluted air, already missing the safely purified atmosphere of his ship. He reaches up with his free hand and taps his com-unit or CU as most of his crew prefers to call it. Warrior, Red Squad is away and headed for objective, provide covering fire and get ready for incoming. Helm plot a portal, I don't care where.  
Captain, a strained voice crackles in his ear, Commander Kraken is dead. CIC and most of the major systems have taken heavy damage. Primary biotechs are offline and Warrior is not responding. We had to go to manual controls! The weapons officer is severally injured and is having trouble getting the manual defense systems online!
Jason sighs and runs his hand through his bristly hair, as he often does when stress momentarily takes its toll. The situation is far worse than he had first imagined. You've trained for this situation, everyone is counting on you to get us out of this, Jason replies calmly. I know you can do this.
The CU crackles and Jason hears coughing.  Yes sir...I'll do my best, the helmsman replies, his voice raw.
The channel crackles closed. Jason heard death in the helmsmans voice and wonders how many others he has lost. Jason uses his hand to signal his squad forward and walks in a crouched posture towards Jack's Place holding his long barreled pistol at the ready with both hands. His seven biowarriors each carry insanely large looking black assault rifles; their metallic blue armored skins have changed and are now shifting in shades and colors that blend with their environment, making them extremely difficult to be seen. Jason points his fingers at two of the warriors and makes a hand signal that they acknowledge with a quick nod. The two chosen warriors sprint to either side of the large open emergency doors and take up defensive positions, holding their rifles at the ready.  
Jason leads the remaining five forward. He reaches the door and pauses when he feels a familiar crackle of energy in his mind. He is still not used to the feeling after having been long separated from it. He gasps and closes his eyes. He feels her touching his mind, reaching out to him. He feels her pain and he winces from it.  Aria! he whispers under his breath.
Jason.... hurry, is the weak response he hears.
Chapter Four

The stranger grins with elation at his impeding victory as he strides confidently towards his prey. He steps over the dead body of the girl he slew moments ago, not noticing her vacant eyes or the gash along her throat; to him she is just the body of a sinner. Aria's struggles and excruciating pain are far more entertaining.  The sword in his hand feels so very comfortable. In his head he creates a short list of the various options he has to end her life.   
Aria keeps reaching for the hilt and pulling at it, but it does not move. She tries gathering her will but it scatters with the pain that travels through her body.
What is this fucking thing? Aria demands with vicious frustration. Her voice has weakened, her struggles not helping to stem the flow of her blood from her ghastly wounds.
Did you really think there was nothing that could suppress your evil? Did you really think you could hide forever? The stranger asks confidently in a rough cocky voice. Reaching striking distance he prepares to simply decapitate her and be done with it.  
This weapon is unnatural and youre using witchkin powers. How far can you bend your own rules for vengeance? Would your god really support this? Aria stutters her questions, a drop of blood appearing from the left corner of her mouth. Her breathing is labored and her eyes flutter as she fights to stay conscious.
You know nothing of my god, witch! He would have me purge all worlds of your kind by any means! You have already seen the results of his wrath and even though some would choose to punish me for serving my lord, he has seen fit to free me from my prison to finish you. No witch, you cannot hide your evil from him and as his messenger I gladly fulfill his covenant, the stranger states proudly.  He readies his sword, leaps into the air and swings the blade toward her neck.
Suddenly skylights shatter and a rush of energy pulses into the building from outside. The stranger is tossed away like a rag doll, his blade narrowly missing Arias neck by a hair. He flies over the dance floor and into some surrounding sitting booths. For a time the stranger groans aching with pain. He struggles as he pulls himself back to his feet, wincing and moaning. He reaches down his right leg and finds a large piece of glass embedded in his thigh. He growls at it, grasps it and yanks it free, spraying his blood onto the dance floor. He looks about the tumbled furniture; spots a familiar glint and quickly retrieves his sword, twirling it about in his hand. He looks across the expanse of the dance floor to see Aria is almost unconscious; she can barely raise her hand in another vain attempt to remove the blade in her shoulder.  Enough of this, the stranger spits as he brings up his sword in the manner he had been taught. His eyes flash crimson as he prepares to flick his arm.
A sharp report thunders inside the club and the sword flies out of the stranger's hand, clattering several meters away onto the dance floor. The stranger swings his head in the direction of the noise to see Captain Jason Drake flanked by five menacing biowarriors; their weapons leveled at the stranger.
Target acquired, Red states, his voice deep and distinctively mechanical. Witch hunter, Michael Petranis, identified.  Red signals for the biowarrior closest to him to retrieve the weapon the captain just shot out of the witch hunter's hand.
Petranis grits his teeth with frustration. He ponders the imminence of the victory now lost to him. He wonders what sin has forced his failure. Could the witch be right? Was borrowing their power the violation she suggested? How could she, a whore of evil, know such things?
Mike! Jason calls out with a cocky smile. It's been such a long time.
Captain Drake, Petranis replies, offering Jason an amused grin while his eyes betray his annoyance at being called Mike, a fact Jason is all to aware of from past encounters.
Jason flips on his sights using the thumb switch on the pistol grip. A green dot appears on Mike's forehead. Interesting seeing you here, considering the last time I looked at your ass-ugly face you were frozen in a cryo-cylinder, Jason says, continuing to smile but his eyes narrowing with anger.
My god has powers beyond your understanding, witch lover. This won't end with me, Michael promises.
You never could think for yourself, Mike. Do you think maybe you could have been set up as bait? Someone was trying to get me to fly my ship into the ground right outside this door. As thick as your skull is, Im pretty sure a biosynth warship exploding in close proximity to you would spread your stink for quite a distance. Jason sates. He steadies his aim, his finger rubbing the trigger. Youll be wanting to tell me exactly how you got yourself out of prison, now! 
I will tell you nothing, Mike promises confidently.
Jason squeezes the trigger and with a loud crack Mike's brains fly out a large hole in the back of his skull. Mikes body crumples to the floor wetly.  
Thanks for not wasting anymore of my time, Jason growls.  Jason deftly swings his arm to point his pistol toward Aria and squeezes the trigger again.
With a loud crack, the hilt of the sword in her shoulder breaks off and Aria screams in torment. She pushes herself off the wall, sliding off the blade and falling toward the floor.  
Jason sprints beneath her and catches her safely in his arms. Jason covers her wound with his hands and Aria's blood seeps through his fingers. Wrought with concern Jason searches Aria's face. The floor suddenly shakes. There is a loud explosion from outside and the sounds of gunfire.
Captain, police gunships have returned, Red reports ominously. The five biowarriors turn their guns toward the open emergency doors and take up defensive stances.
Cover fire! She needs to get to medical, right now, Jason, his voice heavy with fear, screams. Jason looks down at the helpless dancer and whispers, Aria, hang on.
Another massive explosion outside rocks the building and shakes the floor. Dust and pieces of the ceiling rain down on them. Jason drapes himself over Aria using his body as a shield.
Sir, several police squads have formed up outside the building, our brothers outside have already been killed by close proximity grenades, Red states angrily. Warrior is taking heavy fire. The tactical situation is very poor sir.
Jason, Aria croaks from his arms. I have to get us out of here, there is no other way.
You should save your strength, Jason urges her while trying to offer a reassuring smile.  He looks at his squad. Prepare to move out, we shoot our way back to the ship.
Eagerly the five biowarriors get ready to move out, all of them releasing a low mechanical growl of defiance.
Aria smiles up at Jason then closes her eyes. She draws in her will while pushing out with her mind. She sees the ship surrounded by dozens of annoying insect gunships firing missiles and thousands of rounds of armored piercing bullets into her scales. She sees a squad of twenty men moving into position just outside the door to Jack's Place, the bodies of two biowarriors laying on the concrete bleeding. She sees a grenade launcher and knows they only have seconds to live. She extends her will and engulfs Jason, the five biowarriors and herself within it. Aria thrusts herself out into the void, dragging everyone with her. They all hear the concussion of the explosion that was meant to take their lives, but are away in the blinding white of nothingness before harm can be done.  
A horrible roar courses through Jason's mind and his eyes white out as he drifts through the universe. An instant passes and they all appear together lying on the floor of the captain's quarters.
Aria is unconscious and bleeding all over Jason's carpet. Jason sits up disoriented and looks about to realize where she has taken them. He curses to himself with annoyance as he taps his CU. Helm, combat team is aboard, get us the fuck out of here!  Medical team to the captain's quarters, priority one!
*****
At least four different alarms are going off in CIC. Usually officers, in blue jumpsuits, would be occupying the dozen stations around the semi-circular room, monitoring and adjusting systems, as the circumstances called for, however following recent events most of the CIC officers are on the floor or slumped over their flickering consoles. At the center of the room is the command chair, where the officer in charge normally sits, but whose microscopic remains are floating about the ceiling in the form of acrid smoke. Lying near the command chair is a young woman in a short skirt, tall boots and tight uniform top stretched over her torso; her body is still, but her mind is active; full of memories that she chooses to revisit, starting with her very first recollections.
Valeries life began with the slow murmur of her essence that grew into a distinct electrical trickle of data, flowing smoothly into what would become her mind.  At first, the data could be described as random musical notes but soon patterns emerged and those patterns formed into nomenclature. The more she understood, the more she was fed, until her mind was glowing like a rapidly expanding nova that culminated into a bright flash of self-awareness. Valerie opened her eyes and took her very first breath at the same moment, while lying on her back and looking into the bright ceiling lights in the bio lab on Sanctuary; the Biosynth space station.
Good Morning, a low mechanical voice greets warmly. You have been removed from the integration chamber. Can you tell me how you feel? The owner of the voice is out of Valeries vision, but very close.
I feel...perfect, Valerie responds, using her voice for the first time and being amazed by how it sounds.
I need to check your data recollection now. Are you ready to answer some questions? the voice asks.  
Of course, Doctor Hartman, Valerie agrees dreamily.
What is your full name and what are you? the voice asks curiously.
My name is Valerie Encino and I am a biosynthetic woman, she declares proudly.
That is correct, Miss Encino.  What does it mean to be biosynthetic? the doctor asks.
I am an integration of biological and synthetic material grown together in a process called Biosynthetic Integration, in a lab, on a hidden base, in a dying solar system, Valerie states with a hint of sadness.
What is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle? the doctor asks.
Certain pairs of physical properties, cannot be simultaneously known to arbitrarily high precision...but that is an ancient theory that has since...
That is fine Miss Encino the goal is not to engage in a discussion on quantum mechanics, I am just testing your download for obscure data, the doctor states with a slight laugh. Thankfully, all your scans are checking out and your verbal responses are typical.
Well that's good, Valerie replies happily.
Miss Encino, included in your memory core is the knowledge of recent events involving the loss of the dragon fleet and much of our population. Part of our directives involve the importance of allowing all of us to have a choice in what we do and you of course are no different, however I have been asked to highlight this knowledge to you in the hope you may be persuaded to join the defense team.
Valerie gasps upon instantly realizing the significance of the event the doctor speaks of.  Of course, Doctor, it would be my honor and privilege to help in the reconstruction of our defenses, Valerie states without hesitation.
Excellent, Miss Encino, I will inform the captain as soon as I am done here. I will order you a cadet uniform. You will report to the barracks on the docking level and will begin your training immediately, the doctor announces happily.  
Her memories start to fade away as she becomes aware of noise and smoke. Valerie suddenly opens her eyes to find that she is lying on the cold deck plates of the CIC. She has been this way since the passage through the portal sent her flying through the air; after which she has no recollection of landing. She quickly comes to her feet and sees that she has landed several meters from her chair.   Smoke has filled the entire CIC and Valerie starts to cough as she staggers to her console and activates her holoterminal. She accesses the emergency venting controls, reroutes a malfunction and starts the venting fans. It doesn't take long for the air to clear. Valerie looks around and sees that many of the holoscreen consoles are flickering or have been deactivated. There are bodies lying all around the deck and quite clearly some of them are dead. Valerie leaves her station to check on the others. She checks a female body at her feet and quickly determines the officer has perished. She makes her way toward the helm station, pausing briefly to check another body, and shaking her head with sadness.
Ensign Chris Wallace the helmsman on duty is lying back in his chair with his eyes closed, a piece of metal is sticking out of his chest; quite clearly he is dead. Valerie gasps and sadly runs her hand through the dead ensigns hair, recalling rather vividly an intense although casual encounter with him in his quarters not a week earlier. Valerie sighs and looks at his active holoscreen to discover that before he died he had successfully plotted another portal and programmed an auto pilot sequence that would get the ship airborne, fly to a safe distance, open the portal and fly through it. The holoscreen has been programmed to activate the sequence with a single command. Valerie suspects the young ensign knew he was going to die.
Warrior? Valerie calls out to the ship. Warrior, please respond.
Nearby, an alarm chirps in the vicinity of the weapons station. Valerie glances over to see the ship's weapons officer slumped over his console. He is bleeding profusely from the neck, the blood drizzles down the polished metal surface and pools on the metal deck. Valerie squints with disbelief at the weapons station holoscreen that informs her the ship is under attack but there has been no response from Warrior. 
Warrior! Valerie shouts loudly. We are under attack, respond!
Valerie is greeted by silence. She moves to the weapons station and carefully pushes the dead officer off the holo-emitter so she can access the holoterminal. She scans the tactical screens to discover the scales are taking hits from metal projectiles and some low yield explosive rockets fired from a dozen well-armed gunships. Also, there is a full company of tactical ground troopers executing small arms fire at the ship from below. Warriors armor can take hits like that all day but at least one gunship has landed on Warrior's back and two squads are attempting to break through the hull with torches. The operation would be lengthy but theoretically not impossible. Valerie taps her CU, scans through her HUD for the right channel, but finds the biowarrior barracks channel is dead.
Valerie sighs at their plight. She is just a yeoman and has not received training to run the weapons station. With another sigh and uncertain fingers she scrolls through the holoscreens. She switches to manual controls and stumbles upon one of many tactical menus. Squinting at the screen she spots a pre-programmed surface anti-personnel maneuver involving Warrior's tail; it has been dubbed Bitch Slap. Not sure what to expect she bites her lower lip while making several educated guesses as to the proper activation sequence. She works the holoterminal tentatively then closes her eyes as she makes the final keystroke. Peaking through her left eye she glances up at the holoscreen while wincing. 
The screen shows the scaly top surface of the ship where a squad of tactically dressed policemen is surrounding a bright cutting torch burning into Warrior's scales. The dragon's tail suddenly snaps out of nowhere and messily crushes half the men into the scale plates while the rest are flung away from the ship violently. Valerie opens her other eye with surprise. It worked, she says with surprise. She smiles to herself with satisfaction, while executing a brief celebratory arm pump. Yes!
Another alarm sounds. Valerie adjusts the holoscreen. A gunship is hovering above Warrior's head and a tactical team has started to repel down on a stiff rope. Valerie is much quicker now as she finds another pre-programmed maneuver simply called Gnaw. She repeats what she did before. Looking at the holoscreen Valerie smiles to see Warrior's head suddenly lift; it's massive jaws attempting to bite the gunship. The gunship moves away with two screaming policemen stuck on the rope. 
Valerie suddenly grabs the console while the deck shifts beneath her feet. Quickly she glances at the energy control station and gasps. With a quick and graceful bound, Valarie leaps to the station. Slightly more familiar with power transfer controls she quickly adjusts the gravity compensators to their proper level. While the dragonship is prone to making quick, sometimes violent movements, the interior of the ship must remain at a constant gravitational state, otherwise the crew would easily be crushed by inertia. At times the controls need fine-tuning but if the system has been damaged there can be time lags that result in unexpected gravity shifts. With Warrior offline and systems obviously damaged, constant manual adjustments will need to be made.
Helm, combat team is aboard, get us the fuck out of here. Medical Team to captain's quarters, priority one! the captain's insistent voice is heard crackling over the speakers.
I got this, Valerie declares confidently. She runs back to the helm station intent on executing the captain's orders herself. She reaches over the dead helmsman's shoulder and presses the activation button he left on his holoscreen. The ship suddenly lurches and Valerie is again tossed to the deck plates.
*****
Warrior's legs suddenly jump and her wings make a violent flap, impacting two gunships causing them to spin away and strike buildings on either side of the street. Brilliant explosions send flames and flying glass in all directions. Black smoke rises skyward. Briefly the dragon hovers as a renewed surge of energy shimmers about the length of its tail and around its body. 
All the while, the remaining gunships continue to fire upon the dragon, but back off considerably. 
The dragon points skyward and with a flap of its massive wings glides upward. Her speed suddenly increases, quickly leaving behind the much slower pursuing gunships. The dragon quickly clears the tallest of the buildings and performs a barrel roll. A blast of blue energy fires from her nostrils to sizzle ahead of the soaring biomechanical dragon. An area of sky shimmers and darkens with tendrils of light flashing about the circular event horizon, beyond which stars can be seen. Two missiles, with billowing black smoke from their rocket engines scream skyward from the city now far below. The dragon glides easily through the event horizon that instantly collapses. Tendrils of energy snake out from the collapsing portal to strike the pursuing missiles; they both explode loudly, brilliantly and harmlessly.
Chapter Five

Doctor Everett? a voice crackles in her head. Doctor Everett, please respond.
Lisa's eyes flutter open and she winces at the throbbing in her head and eyes. She sees that she is on the deck plates and the room is dim. She can hear sparking and the acrid smell of burning circuitry. Lisa realizes her CU is online and activates her HUD. Go ahead, Lisa tries to say, but her voice trails off and is indecipherable.
Doctor, if you can hear this, we need your help, Warrior is...unconscious, the voice says with astonishment.
Warrior? Lisa finds new strength and sits up. She winces and reaches back with stiff limbs to touch her blood soaked hair. A terrible shooting pain erupts from a wound she finds at the back of her head making her shriek. Lisa quickly decides she has a concussion at the very least, but judging by the wound, a cracked skull is a likely possibility as well. Lisa forces herself up. She pushes with her legs sliding up the wall in an almost reverse motion in which she had come to be on the deck plates. She closes her eyes tightly, breathing through the pain for a moment. On unsteady legs she staggers back to her console. This is Doctor Everett... Lisa mumbles over her CU. Lisa activates her holoterminal and scrolls through several screens, wincing and moaning as the pain worsens. She feels her knees buckling and fights to stay upright.
Doctor, it is good to hear your voice, this is Yeoman Encino, Valerie replies.
Where is the Captain? Lisa asks while searching several screens for Warrior's status. Her voice is rough and barely audible.
He is busy with the XO in the Medical Bay, I'm in charge at the moment, Valerie says with a hint of sadness.
You, but... Lisa suddenly realizes something dreadful must be happening that would put a yeoman in charge of CIC. The pain in her head and body is dominating most of her senses. She shakes off the need for details, realizing there is no time. Quickly but painfully she speaks over the CU, Warrior's primary systems were damaged. There must have been a massive feedback discharge created when we opened the portal at ground level. I am going to switch to her secondary systems and reload, but her cortex is damaged. You will be able to use programmed maneuvers and have basic functionality through the AI, but it won't be her. We need to get her back to Sanctuary right now. Lisa slides her fingers across her holoterminal to start the process of rebooting Warriors secondary systems. 
She feels her head swoon and makes the mistake of stepping back from the console. Her knees give out. She feels herself fall; in her mind, she falls through the deck and out into space. She watches in awe as she falls out Warrior's belly. The dragon drifts slowly away. The darkness of deep space takes her.
*****
Ventilation systems are humming, yet the scent of smoke still hangs heavy in the air. Valerie checks the biotech control screen and sees that doctor Everett has started the transfer, but her CU has once again gone silent. Valerie taps her own CU and activates the ship wide speakers. Medical Team to biowarrior barracks, she says with as much authority as she can muster. 
She turns and sees that her crew mates are still lying on the deck, some are moaning and slowly rising, but two or three remain motionless including the helmsman and the weapon officer who she knows to be dead. Valerie taps her CU again and speaks nervously, so, if you have anyone else to spare a Medical Team would be appreciated in the CIC as well.
Primary system function recognition enabled, a familiar yet monotone female voice announces over the speakers. Warrior is online.
Warrior, is that you? Valerie asks with excitement as she turns to view the biotech screen.
Warrior is online, Warrior's monotone voice repeats.
Valerie realizes that Warrior's basic AI program has been loaded but her cortex is still showing very little activity. Great, Valerie says to herself sarcastically. She brings up the HUD from her CU and locates the captain.
Captain Drake, I have stretched my expertise to the limit sir. Warrior's secondary AI is online and ready for instruction, but her cortex is showing damageshe's unconscious, Valerie reports sadly.
Understood, Jason's voice crackles in her ear, tell Warrior to take us to the Lunar Penal Colony.
Sir, Doctor Everett strongly suggested...
Doctor Everett is not the captain, the captain states with a sharp edge attached to his voice.
Understood captain, Valerie replies. She takes a deep breath and speaks toward the ceiling, Warrior, we would like for you to take us to the Lunar Penal Colony. We do not have any resources to assist you so please access helm controls to plot your own course. Pilot, do you understand?
Request understood. Running pilot protocols. Course is set for Lunar Penal Colony, Centauri System, estimated time of arrival twenty minutes, Warriors voice replies stiffly. Plotting portal and engaging propulsion.
The doors to CIC slide open and four medical officers rush into the room carrying stretchers and medical gear.
*****
Medical is all about white walls and sanitary conditions, the light is almost blinding. Jason stands behind the Chief Medical Officer who is working at a holoterminal in a room surrounded by eight upright Med Chambers large enough to hold one grown person. Jason pulls his pistol from his thigh holster, ejects the magazine, and pulls it free of the grip. He inspects the first round at the top of the magazine, running his thumb over it as if to test its smoothness, not that such a thing mattered in its function. He then jams the magazine back into the grip and quickly yanks the action all the way back. He looks down the barrel through the breach and seeing it clear lets the action snap back into place, dragging the bullet he had just inspected into the breach with an oily mechanical clank.
Captain, please, is that necessary? Doctor Dresden asks in a dry voice, taking his attention from the molecular scanner he is operating and giving the captain a look of extreme annoyance. Unfortunately for the doctor, a very small, wiry man, with no hair and many wrinkles, a look of annoyance does little but amuse the much larger, younger and burly captain.
Jason twirls his pistol in his hand before holstering it with practiced finesse and winks at the aged doctor.
Dresden shakes his head and returns his attention to the molecular scanner. His wrinkled hands work the holoterminal with a finesse of his own while he studies the recent scans of his most recent but not completely unfamiliar patient. His eyes suddenly brighten as something interesting catches his attention. Very good, I see our XO has not forgotten her training, it appears she has placed herself in a healing trance.
Jason glances into the Med Chamber. Aria is gloriously naked, her well-toned body suspended by gravity tethers; her arms outstretched, head down, eyes closed, except for the appearance of a sleepy third eye in her forehead. A breathing mask is attached to her face. The wound in her shoulder has closed but looks red and ugly. Figures, Jason replies with annoyance. She is not the XO, by the way.
Commander Eaglewolf is listed in the ships database as the executive officer, Dresden disputes. Regardless, she can heal herself many times faster than you or I, or a Biosynth for that matter. Once she wakes, which shouldnt be long, we can find out what this is all about. Remember she vowed to never again contact you using your unique connection. Something very drastic must have happened to cause her to change her mind.
I was there, Doctor. She was hanging from a wall with a blade jammed into her shoulder. She was going to die so she called me. Unfortunately her beacon was set to ground level  it should have killed us all. Jason explains. He folds his arms in front of his chest and leans against a luminescent wall behind the workstation.
We don't know the whole story. After her vow, I am surprised she hadn't destroyed her beacon, Dresden offers.
I don't think she would have done that. She's a survivor. She did not hesitate to call me. I think she has always left the option open, just in case, Jason replies with a hint of sadness. The beacon doesnt makes sense  she couldnt have been that sloppy.
Then someone tampered with her beacon, she would never have set it to ground level if she planned to use it as a contingency, Dresden assures emphatically.
It was a set up to be sure, Jason replies. Petranis has plenty of reasons to want to kill Aria, but how did he get out of prison? He certainly had no idea we would show up right on top of himhe was set up too. Whoever orchestrated this knew Aria could call me and was expecting us to crash right there on top of everything. SomehowWarrior saved usagain.
 When she wakes, we will know more, Dresden says sullenly.
How long? Jason asks, his voice anxious. 
Dresden frowns as he again works his holoterminal and scrolls through many pages of data, most of which would only make sense to him. Probably not for another four hours, Dresden replies. 
She's going to miss the party then, Jason says confidently. He pushes himself away from the wall and cracks his knuckles.
Jason, I don't know if you noticed this, but a third of your crew are dead or immobilized, including the biotech specialist, Dresden replies dryly.
Jason turns and glances into the adjacent Med Chamber. Lisa Everett is suspended in a similar fashion as Aria. Jason scans her naked body and notes her more lovely features. Perhaps she couldn't fill a dance club with horny revelers, but her body is nothing to be ashamed of either.  
Jason! Dresden yells.
Jason looks back at the Doctor with surprise. What? he asks.
This is a medical facility not a peep show. Did you hear what I said? We are in no condition for another fight, you don't even have a helmsman or weapons specialist. Dresden slams his fist into the console table where the holo-emitters are located making his holoterminal shimmer.
Doctor, I hope you aren't suggesting I don't care about my crew. I am well aware of what has happened, but if we do not stay on top of this situation we will lose any advantage we may have. I need to find out why that son of a bitch isn't in his cell anymore and how long he's been out, Jason says, annoyed with having to explain himself.
You don't even have an XO, Dresden adds sternly. The CIC has no officers. Who is going to be in command while you run off to beat the crap out of the warden?
I'm just going to find out how Petranis got out of his cryo-prison. Warrior will be in the dock, safe and sound. I was thinking of giving Yeoman Encino a promotion, Jason says, scratching his chin.
What, already? Youve only been sleeping with her for a week, Dresden noted, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
Would have been a week and day, no thanks to your favorite patient here, Jason notes with a frown. Valerie had just shown up in my quarters when Aria called me.
Seriously, Jason, this is the most reckless you have been since...
Jason's frowns, his eyes narrowing.  Doctor?  Are you sure you want to go there? Jason asks slowly.
Dresden sighs. No, I don't suppose I do, which worries me even more.  Dresden turns back to his work, resigning himself to being unable to reach his captain.
Jason turns his back on the Doctor and taps his CU. Yeoman Encino, Jason says.
Yes sir? Valerie replies in Jason's ear, her voice hopeful.
You are going to have to direct operations during the next mission, Jason says.
Oh no, Valerie replies painfully.
Jason sighs. I know it isn't what you are used to, but you handled yourself very well at Neo Utopia. Besides we'll be parking in a dock while I'm off the ship, simple and easy, Jason assures her.
Thank you sir, I will do my best, Valerie says in a very unconvincing voice.
Consider this a field promotion to Ensign, congratulations.
Really?  Weve only been... Valerie trails off. I...mean, thank you captain.
Jason glances over at the Doctor, who says nothing, but attempts to hide a smirk. Ensign Encino, ask Warrior to dock us, whether we have permission or not. Tell the Warden to meet us at the airlock.
Understood sir, Valerie replies with a sigh.
Michael Petranis may have been a thug, but springing him from Lunar and giving him those weapons would require some rather heavy resources. I wish you would reconsider taking us home first, Dresden says firmly. This could be a trap after all. I know you think you are invincible, but you should at least have an escort.
Jason simply smiles at the doctor, then turns to walk out the hatchway leaving the Doctor with a worried look on his face. The chime of his holoscreen redirects his attention and he is soon lost in a sea of data.

*****
Warden Alistair Raiden stands on the walkway above the main hanger. He wears his old blue TDF naval uniform complete with commodore stripes, despite being in the private sector for over twenty years. He holds his hands behind his back. He has a very large solid frame, white hair and a pockmarked complexion. He wears a permanent scowl on his face, having not smiled even once in over thirty years. He looks down through the special observation glass at the dock floor. The giant dock doors are sliding aside and beyond that is the stark grey airless landscape, the perfect place to build a penal colony. 
Warrior is hovering just beyond the doors, its wings outstretched, its head moving about as if to look around menacingly. Once the doors are wide enough, Warrior glides into the dock and settles onto the deck. The mechanical creature cranes its neck around and releases a silent shriek, unheard in the vacuum, as its tail twists about.
A tall skinny man, with slick long black hair, dark eyes, and a thin mouth, dressed in a black suit, black shirt and white tie strolls along the causeway and stops next to the warden. He looks down at the dragon and grunts sarcastically. What an ugly creature, he announces with an effeminate drawl. If I were trapped in that ghastly thing I think I would just lose my mind. The skinny man places his hand on his hip.
It is a deadly, precision weapon worthy of great respect, the warden replies, his deep voice gurgling unusually, as if his lungs are congested.
We'll see how much respects it gets after we blow it to tiny little bits, the skinny man declares happily. He leans in and speaks directly into the warden's ear, get Captain Drake out of range  I have something special in mind for him. We are going to make the ugly dragon go boom! Sorry sugar lips, you will have to use your secondary dock after we leave. The skinny man places his hand loosely on the warden's shoulder, then kisses his cheek lightly. 
The warden feels nauseous. He watches with relief as the skinny man turns and walks away, a cocky grin on his pale face. The warden redirects his gaze to the deck below. A docking tunnel has extended out toward the dragon and has attached itself to a spot against the creature's chest. The dragons neck is curled slightly and the creature gazes ahead blankly. The warden sees three figures walking through the docking tunnel and even at this distance he recognizes one of them to be Captain Drake. The warden sighs and hopes he is smart enough to get through the next half hour alive.
Chapter Six
 
Valarie feels uncomfortable sitting in the command chair. She looks over at her old empty chair and sighs with longing. She scans her eyes across all the other, empty stations, a sick feeling rising in her gut. Loneliness engulfs her to the core of her being. She still wears the casual variant of the biosynth uniform, which is great for seducing captains but quickly loses its functionality in combat. If there were time, she would certainly change into something more appropriate. She would also have a medical technician look at the scratch above her eye and the long scrape up her left leg that she received while being thrown from her station. Valerie lightly runs a finger up the length of the wound, which is sealed with dried blood. She winces at the pain, a new feeling for Valerie, which she doesnt care for.
Captain Drake's away team has departed via forward airlock alpha. Acting XO Ensign Valerie Encino is in command, Warrior AI announces stiffly, her voice echoing around the empty control room.
No way am I ready for this, Valerie states aloud with worry.
Regardless, Ensign Encino is acting XO, Warrior repeats.
I wasn't talking to you, Valerie says, waving her hand in front of her as if to push warriors voice away.
You are the only person in CIC and I presumed you were speaking to me. Is your com-unit broken? Would you like me to open a channel for you, XO?
Stop calling me that and no, don't open a channel. I was talking to myself, Valerie explains with frustration.
There is a brief pause. Shall I call for a medical team? Warrior asks.
Look just forget it, make yourself useful, scan the dock or something, Valerie insists. She stands up and starts to pace around the empty control room.
Commencing scan, Warrior replies.
Medical to CIC, XO Encino, this is Doctor Dresden, the voice of the aged doctor calls over the speakers.
Doctor Dresden, please don't call me that, Valerie asks. She shuts her eyes and shakes her head.
Just thought you should know, I have completed the first treatment cycle of the survivors. The first of the injured will be out of their chambers in just a few hours. Commander Eaglewolf however is progressing much quicker than expected, she could be out of the chamber in an hour, the Doctor reports enthusiastically.
That is fantastic news, Doctor, Valerie says gratefully, the second she wakes, send her to CIC.
Oh certainly not, XO Encino, Commander Eaglewolf will need several days of recuperation, Dresden replies with amusement.
I said the second she wakes up Doctor, Valerie snaps. I'm the XO, as you keep reminding me, so follow my orders!
XO, my scans are complete, Warrior announces.
What?  Oh...that was fast, did you find anything? Valerie asks with sarcasm, much the way a parent would address an annoying child.
There are four high yield directed thermal explosives under the deck below the ship. They are set for remote detonation, Warrior responds blandly.
Valerie's eyes widen with surprise, her jaw dropping. What are they doing there? Valerie asks with confusion raising her hands in exasperation.  She slams her hands onto the back of the command chair and grips the synthetic leather tightly.
The explosives have been modified to direct their energy through the deck. At this close range my hull would definitely breach without proper shielding. The motivation for placing such devices below the main landing deck cannot be ascertained by my scans, Warrior replies clinically.
This can't be happening, I'm not trained for this, Valerie laments.  She taps her CU. Captain Drake.
There is no response, but a slight static hiss instead.
Warrior, my CU...
There is a subtle dampening field around the dock, which is effective in blocking your communications. I have detected that dock doors are sealing and all personnel are exiting the surrounding area, Warrior explains simply. There also appears to be many dead or dying personnel in hallways and corridors around the facility.
Why the hell didnt you scan the facility before we landed? Valerie demands angrily.
I wasnt ordered to, Warrior responds simply.
Valerie grits her teeth, realizing the real Warrior does much out of course that she and Captain Drake take for granted. Simple and easy my ass! This isn't fair, Valerie declares. She stomps her foot childishly. I'm just the fucking Yeoman. I havent downloaded any of the command protocols. The most important thing Ive done since I joined the crew is fuck the captain. I just finished officer training a week ago!
XO Encino, I am unable to process your rant. What are your orders? Warrior demands with annoyance, demonstrating the amazing emotional simulation of the Warrior AI.
Valerie grabs and pulls at her hair, terrified of the choices presented to her.  The hurdle of command awaits her leap of faith. She draws upon her training and hears her instructors voice, uncertainty has no place in command.  
Damn it! Valerie screams. She looks forward, her eyes fierce and uncompromising. Clearing her mind she quickly realizes a simply but risky solution. Charge the pulse shield! She commands loudly and clearly.
Charging Pulse Shield, Warrior replies immediately.
Valerie taps her CU and scrolls through her HUD. This is the XO, all available hands on deck! Combat operations. Brace for close quarters pulse shield activation, Valerie announces throughout the ship. Sorry, she adds, before closing the speakers.
XO, what is going on? Doctor Dresden's alarmed voice demands in her ear.
It's a trap, Valerie replies simply, while jumping back into the command chair. Quickly she starts activating her holoscreens and holoterminals.
I knew it, Dresden groans. And with a Yeoman in command, I knew this was a terrible idea.
Doctor, that isn't helping my confidence level. Believe me I don't want to be here anymore than you do.
I'm sorry, XO...I
We need our crew back doctor and if you can get a senior officer up here I would really appreciate the help, CIC out, Valerie cuts the doctor off. She brings up Warriors Combat Operations Technical files and begins to download.
*****
Jason is flanked by two biowarriors; both carry heavy rifles, their feet stomping along the metal deck plating ominously. They stroll confidently toward the end of the docking tunnel. One of the biowarriors has a red bandanna wrapped about its thick metal head, distinguishing it from the other. Red also has a significant dent in his chest plating from their last encounter on Neo Utopia.
The docking tunnel door slides open upon approach. The three visitors walk through the hatchway and into a cramped reception area. There is a small tram station where an open travel tram is waiting for them. The walls of the prison colony are dull grey and lack any form of imagination, just straight lines and dismal lighting to produce an uncomfortable claustrophobia with a constant stale scent that punctuates the desire to leave.
Welcome, Captain Drake, the warden's voice gurgles over the loud speakers. Sorry I am unable to greet you in person as you requested, I have many responsibilities and I can't always be available to greet pirates when they arrive at my door. Please take the tram to the administration wing and I will meet you there. The speakers go silent after a short electronic burp.
Jason shakes his head, a look of deep displeasure on his face. He hesitates but then steps into the tram, his two heavily armed escorts following behind him.  The doors to the tram shut with a hiss and the tram glides away from the docking area with surprising speed. Jason taps his CU and is greeted by static. Son of a bitch, Jason curses.
Is there a problem Captain? Red asks, his voice resonating in his mechanical throat.
It's a trap. I hate when the old man is right, Jason punches the metal wall and winces. He looks up at Red and orders, weapons free, destroy anything with hardware at the end of this ride.
The enemy will bleed Captain, Red assures menacingly.
Captain Drake draws his pistol and releases the safety. A flick of his thumb activates the sight. Drake genuflects and aims his weapon at the door, where a green laser light now appears. Red and his partner both shoulder their rifles, take aim and growl menacingly.
The tram door slides open. Red and his partner both open fire, their rifles recoil with each thunderous crack sending insanely large chucks of metal at mind blowing speeds toward two completely unprepared men dressed in riot gear and carrying flame throwers; the neural impulses from their brains to squeeze their triggers do not reach their fingers before the metal chunks rip through their armor and tear into their flesh. The force of impact lifts the two men off their feet and sends them and large fleshy chunks, splattering into the bulkhead behind them. More metal slugs rip chucks of flesh and armor from the dead corpses until the mess on the bulkhead is gruesomely unrecognizable. The two biowarriors step out of the tram and turn away from each other to scan the hallway in both directions for further targets.
Clear, Red says simply.
Jason steps out of the tram, looks at the mess on the bulkhead then turns to Red. Nice work, but we could be more conservative with the ammo, Jason remarks.
Biowarriors are thorough, Captain, Red replies simply.
Jason spots movement at the far corner to his left and raises his weapon.  Without hesitation he squeezes off his first round. A guard in riot gear flies back, a spray of blood and brain splatters on the wall behind him. The body slumps to the floor. Jason glances at Red and shows him a cocky grin. See that? One bullet one kill.
You are an example to us all Captain, Red replies sarcastically.
Jason glances down both directions and starts walking toward the closest hatchway. With both hands he holds his pistol up and points ahead. His escorts both shoulder their rifles and follow a few paces behind him. Two meters from the door, it slides up into the bulkhead. Beyond the hatchway, Jason can see a foyer complete with decorative waterfall, glass walls and two staircases leading to the landing of the administrative offices. Jason leads his warriors through the hatchway. Red and his partner take up defensive positions on either side of the door.
Captain Drake, aren't you a slippery fellow, an effeminate voice remarks.
Jason snaps his pistol toward the voice.  
A skinny man with slick long black hair and wearing a black business suit with a black shirt and white tie is standing on the landing where the two staircases meet. Jason notes that he is standing like a woman, with his hip out to one side and his hand delicately touching the rail in front of him. Jason thinks he looks ridiculous but there is something dangerous about him as well.
Normally I like that in a man, he continues. Lucky for you, I'm not into pirates. Alistair thought you might be trouble.
Shut up! Jason demands. Where is Raiden?
Well that's just rude, the man frowns. Speaking of rude, you can call me Lance. I don't have a last name so I'll save you the trouble of asking. You know there was a time when I would never have even needed to introduce myself  you see I was famous once.
Look, fancy pants, I don't give a shit who the fuck you are. Tell me...
The deck plates shudder under Jason's feet forcing him to fight for balance. Two panes of glass shatter above them, the debris raining down less than a meter from where he stands. Jason winces as his CU crackles and hisses in his ear.
Lance holds onto the rail with both hands, a sly grin forms on his lips. My, isn't this exciting, he declares loudly as the rumble subsides. Do you know what that was?
I'm dying to know, Jason replies sarcastically.
That was the abomination you like to fly around in, caught in my little trap and so easily too. Since you are alone, I assume your bitch of a wife was vaporized along with it, Lance replies happily. Lance brushes his sleeves of invisible debris then stretches his arms in front of himself while cracking his neck muscles by dipping his head toward both shoulders in turn. I so enjoy a tasty barbecue, Lance declares with excitement.
Screw you weirdo, Jason curses, placing the green laser dot on Lance's forehead.
Oh honey, you just aren't my type, Lance says and then giggles. Lance twists his wrists so that his palms face away from each other then pulls his arms apart as if to part the way before him.  
Red and his partner are thrown aside and crash through the glass walls on either side of them; they both spark, scream mechanically, and shutdown.
Jason squeezes the trigger and a slug leaves the barrel, but instead of flying straight, the bullet veers away and shatters a glass pane two meters off target.
Lance squeezes his hand and Jason's pistol, his favorite and a gift from Aria, is crushed, the electronic sight sparks and dies.
Jason looks at his crushed weapon with both disbelief and deep burning rage. Jason lets go of the worthless metal husk and it drops to the floor with an audible clunk. With burning eyes filled with hatred Jason looks up at the happy witchkin.
Oh my, aren't we upset, Lance laughs. He makes a lifting motion with his hands and Jason floats to Lance's eye level, hovering several meters off the floor. I heard you aren't suppose to go to bed angry, I wonder if the same rule applies when you are about to die. Maybe you'll come back as an angry spirit or something silly like that, Lance says with a giggle. Lance makes Jason spin slowly around helplessly, playing with him much the way a cat plays with a mouse before eating it.
*****
Warrior's eyes suddenly flash red and a bright and terrible pulse of energy emerges at lightening speed from her very core. The energy wave shatters the deck plating below her, neutralizing the explosives meant to destroy her. The docking tunnel shatters; pieces of it are flung away in every direction. Warrior flaps her wings and rises away from the destroyed deck. Warrior emits a horrific scream that is only heard briefly before the pulse converts the metal hull of the dock into wreckage that is blown out into space. A circular footprint is all that remains of the once airtight dock, which Warrior hovers above.
Valerie is oblivious to the event that has just occurred outside the ship. Her mind is focused on the streams of data that her biosynth mind digests and sorts with inhuman precision.
Activation of the pulse shield has resulted in the total destruction of the main dock, Warrior observes clinically.
One moment please, Valerie replies, distracted.
The thermal explosives were neutralized before they could be activated, Warrior adds.
That was the point, Valerie states.
You knew that would happen? Doctor Dresden asks. He steps into the CIC through the main hatchway and looks around curiously.
Valerie cranes her head to see the doctor and says, I knew that the pulse shield, activated in a confined space, would have a catastrophic effect.
That it did, the doctor agrees. He glances at the streams of data on Valerie's holoscreen and frowns. It would take a week for you to learn all that, even with your biosynthetic attributes, Doctor Dresden observes.
I'm kind of new at this, Doctor Dresden, and some knowledge is better than none, I just need enough information to rescue the captain. How is the Commander?
Of no use to you, the Doctor replies. I can do little to speed things up so I may be of better use to you here.
Trust me, I need all the help I can get, see what you can do at the energy station. Warrior threw everything into the pulse shield, which is why the dock exploded. She doesn't remember how to be subtle, Valerie says.  She taps the screen and it disappears.
XO, I have located the bio-signatures of Captain Drake's team. His escorts are down, one is neutralized and the other is damaged beyond functionality.  Captain Drake is immobilized and suspended several meters in the air by something undetectable. He is located in the gallery of the administration wing, Warrior reports. A squad of tactical units are approaching his vicinity with incendiary weapons.
Oh crap, Valerie curses. She closes her eyes and shakes her head saying, I hope I don't kill him.
Dresden sits at a nearby console and begins scanning the various screens and working the holoterminals. Whatever happens, you are not responsible. Captain Drake took all the risks here, not you, Dresden assures her.
I am in command, Doctor, that makes me responsible, but that bastard owes me when he gets back, Valerie curses. She taps her CU and says, This is the XO, we are going to perform a forced breach rescue. Medical team to mandible reception, Valeries voice sounds over the ship's speakers. Warrior, you are going to have to catch the Captain, do you understand what we are going to do?
There was a pause that made Valerie particularly nervous. I understand, Warrior replies. I think you should know, three heavily armed warships have entered the range finder.
I was wondering when they would show up, Valerie says with a sigh.
*****
Raiden steps out of his office, which faces the administration gallery. He sees Jason hovering and spinning above the foyer as Lance, his eyes insane, laughs and manipulates his hands. Raiden steps onto the landing next to Lance and regards Jason with cold and empty eyes. Captain Drake, Raiden says, addressing Warrior's Captain as if they were meeting each other for coffee.
Raiden, you prick! Jason curses when he spins in his direction.
As you can imagine, the witchkin are most persuasive. I have little choice in this matter, Raiden explains coldly.
So how long has Petranis been out? Jason asks quickly thinking Raiden maybe offering him an explanation.
About six months ago, Raiden replies with dispassionate eyes.
Lance flashes Raiden and angry look.
He's about to die, is he not?  What difference does it make? Raiden asks.
Talk fast, he's about to be puddle at the bottom of your foyer, Lance assures with a gleam in his eyes.
Jason suddenly cries out as a sharp pain grips his torso like a giant invisible hand is squeezing him.
This fancy fellow came, caused all kinds of trouble for me and made me release Petranis. I don't know why they needed him. The shuttle they use is an old science model from the abandon research station on Pan Amalthea, Raiden offers with a shrug. 
Warden, have you been spying on me? How naughty of you, Lance giggles. Now watch carefully, this is going to be a classic display of righteous justice.
By the way, Raiden says turning toward Lance. Warrior destroyed the dock, not your explosives.
Bullshit, Lance curses confidently.
I told you she was worthy of respect, Raiden replies and for the first time in thirty years a subtle smile forms on his lips.
The smile alarms Lance who now realizes the Warden isn't lying. You bitch, Lance declares. Lances eyes suddenly become wide with surprise.
The room shudders. All the remaining glass in the gallery shatters. Jason suddenly stops spinning. Shards of falling glass are suddenly suspended as if time has stopped. With a terrible metallic scream, teeth and claws puncture the metal hull above. Part of the ceiling is ripped away and hanging above the breach is Warrior. Her massive head looks down into the hole.  
At that same instant, Raiden, Jason, Lance and all loose debris are blown skyward by the sudden explosive atmospheric release. With lightning speed, Warrior snaps its jaws and appears to swallow Jason. The other two float out into the vacuum. Raiden dies within seconds as his blood boils and his flesh freezes; his corpse propelled away from the surface of the moon. Lance however shimmers and appears to disappear. Red rises out of the breach as well and Warrior grabs him with the claws of her hind legs. Warrior flaps her mighty wings and her propulsion sends her gliding away from the surface of the icy moon.

Chapter Seven

Jason feels like he is floating in boiling water; noises are distant and reverberate painfully in his skull. Layers of pain replace the horror of being sucked out into space; his skin is alight with exquisite fire that equals in strength to his fury. His lungs smolder with each shallow breath preventing his screams. In the second he was exposed to the cold vacuum the damage he endured was excruciating. Darkness came and he thought himself dead, but then the pain assaulted his mind from every square inch of his body. Light comes to his useless eyes; everything is wrapped in dense fog. Indistinct figures are standing over him with anxious muffled voices. Their touch brings on even more levels of pain. He feels his lungs explode in his chest. He hears terrible screams not realizing it is he who makes those horrific sounds. He is enveloped in darkness once more and thankfully, the pain subsides.
Time is shattered and Jason drifts in an ocean of calm. At first there is no sound, but out of the silence rises a roaring wind that ends as quickly as it starts and is replaced by the chirps and whistles of a mournful birdsong. Jason's eyes flutter open. He bolts upright and finds himself in a big canopy bed; a red silk sheet covers his body, which is clothed only in a pair of boxer shorts. The bed is in the center of a round room surrounded by large picture windows that look out into an alpine forest and the source of the sad chirping noises. Anxiously Jason examines himself and is surprised to discover he is complete and undamaged.
"You're in a Med Chamber, we both are," Aria's voice explains. Jason turns around to see Aria looking out and leaning against a window, her slender fingertips and her forehead resting on the glass. She is wearing a long sheer gown that hints at her lovely toned body beneath. 
"Astral House," Jason recalls, looking around the bedroom.
"Yes, our special place. I still come here often, it's been a long time since I brought you here," Aria observes, her smooth voice distant.
Why did you bring me here? Jason asks. He swings his legs out of the bed and stands on the smooth wooden floor. Jason finds himself admiring Aria's perfectly beautiful form; her well toned muscles, long subtle curves, and smooth shiny tanned flesh. Jason had forgotten Arias exquisite beauty.
You must have been injured. I must be as well. I was here alone, but then I felt you. You were in terrible pain. I opened the channel and drew you to me, Aria explains. She turns around and gasps at the sight of Jason, her eyes gliding over his toned and sculpted muscular form. Her lips part and an involuntary moan escapes from her throat. Her sad sultry eyes are filled with regret as she steps toward him. Oh Jason, Ive missed you...there hasn't been anyone else, not since I left, Aria states sadly.
Yeah?  Well, since you left I've slept with a hundred yeomen, Jason spat angrily his fists clenched. Instantly, he regrets his words.
Aria closes her eyes, tears slide down both cheeks. She slowly turns back toward the window. Softly she says, I know you are angry and disappointed with me, but I was hoping you would understand.
I understand, Jason growls. You left me!
Aria turns about and steps forward, moving on him angrily. She died Jason! I killed her! Why would you even want me to stay? Aria sobs.
You gave up on both of us, Jason accuses pointing a finger at her. You blamed me as much as you blamed yourself.
Jason, I can't do this. It hurts too much. Why did you stay? Aria questions with agony, tears rolling down her cheeks. How can you even stand to remain with Warrior? The memories...I couldn't stand them. Aria turns around again, her eyes distant and sad.
She was my child and my responsibility as much as yours. I stay because Warrior and the biosynths are the only ones left in the universe who can fix what happened. I stay to stop it from happening again to someone else, Jason declares. Its all there is now.
Nothing can bring her back, Aria sobs, her body shaking with remorse. She places her palms against her draining eyes, cradling her forehead and cries deeply and mournfully.
Jason slips his hands around her waist and draws her close. Automatically, Aria surrenders and leans back against his husky warm form. She closes her eyes and sighs, feeling his warm strong arms gather her protectively for the first time in over two years; how she missed it. Jason sighs and shivers; like a flood, the unique energy they used to share is suddenly unleashed into his soul. Aria cranes her head back, gasping at the intensity of their release. Jason has no choice but to wipe the tears from her smooth cheeks then to kiss her sweet soft lips. Aria quivers from the flood of memories and the power of their combined energy.  
Jason kisses and nibbles her neck and Aria turns to face him, sliding her hands up his face and running her fingers through the short hairs on his head, enjoying the feeling of his tight bristle against her palm. Aria moans softly, enjoying his tender kisses. This is not the tough captain everyone else sees, but the tender man she fell in love with. She feels the energy shift between them and it happens so easily; she is his woman again. She turns her head toward him and is immediately greeted by his mouth and probing tongue. They both moan, reacquainting themselves with the tastes that they have both missed now for so long.  
Jason, he hears Aria whisper his name in his mind.
Happily they both slide into familiar territory. They draw each other to the bed and Aria surrenders to the only man she would ever capitulate to. Gently, easily and happily they lie together in their most sacred of places and intertwine in each others arms. Their unique signatures collide and coalesce; their minds and souls become as one.
Astral House is again filled with Aria and Jason's unique warmth and passion. The forest around the house comes alive with it. The birds sing with cheer and the leaves and pine needles suddenly brighten with intensity. A trickle of water that drizzles over rocks and falls into a stagnant pool far below suddenly gushes with volume creating an incredible cascade that replenishes the pool almost instantly. 
Time passes, the lovers rest. In Astral House a moment can last for hours.
Aria lays her head on Jason's firmly toned bare chest rubbing his flesh lovingly. Baby, I never stopped loving you, Aria whispers. After many long minutes of rubbing his chest and toned abdomen, she suddenly frowns and sits up. How many yeomen? She asks squinting her eyes.
You left, Jason reminds her, his eyes closed. I have needs and biosynth women, particularly the newborns are very curious about sex.
Aria frowns. Suddenly she looks to the ceiling and gasps. She looks around with wide eyes.
What is it? Jason asks, noticing her distress. He sits up to wrap his arms about her.
An itch is forming in her brain and the light outside is dimming. I think I may wake soon, Aria warns with fear.
Jason sits on the edge of the bed. Looking into Aria's eyes he says, If you wake and I'm still in here you will have to take command. All your protocols are still active.
Aria looks at Jason with disbelief.  She stutters, Jason, why...
Pay attention. We went to Lunar to talk to Raiden, Jason says, his eyes intense and his speech swift.
Petranis, Aria recalls.
It was our only lead and it turned out to be a trap. There was a witchkin there named Lance, Jason explains.
A what? Aria asks with astonishment. Jason, that's not possible.
This guy was a total fruit and completely insane, but he tossed my BW's like toys and he was going to squish me like a bug before my recently promoted XO took it upon herself to have warrior breach the prison and swallow me. Which would explain why I might be in a Med ChamberI am pretty sure I was in open space.
Jason, no, Aria says with horror. She grabs Jason's hand and rubs it, her eyes filling with worry.
Raiden claimed Lance's ship came from Pan Amalthea, Jason states.
The abandoned research station around Jupiter, what are they doing there? Aria wonders aloud. Aria runs her hand over the bristle on top of Jason's head once more, her eyes showing him deep concern, her mind returning to the fact that his condition is likely very grave.
It's our only lead now. I don't know where this Lance fellow came from, but he is very powerful, so watch your back. Unfortunately, Warrior suffered severe damage when we hit Neo Utopia. Your beacon was set to ground level.
Crap, Aria curses. Thats bullshit, I always placed that thing at a safe distance. I never imagined I'd ever call for you, but I always put it in a safe place with the correct settings.
That means someone was following you and changed its location when you weren't looking. The whole thing was some kind of set up to try and wipe us out.   Like it or not, you are back in the game, sweetheart, Jason muses with a grin.
I don't like it Jason. I missed you, but I don't know if...
I need your help. Most of my crew is dead and you need to know what is going on as much as I do. Someone is obviously out to kill all of us and we need to put a stop to it. If you are supposed to be the last of your kind, then where did Fruit Loop come from? 
I know, Aria groans angrily. I will do what I can.  She looks up and hears a hum rising about her. Aria looks at Jason and declares, it's starting.
Jason wraps his arms around Aria and holds onto her for as long as he can.
*****
All hands! Brace! Brace! Brace!  Valerie screams in horror over the ship's speakers. She grips the command chair armrests for all she is worth. 
Hovering in the middle of the control room is a huge holoscreen, dubbed dragon's eye which displays Warriors forward view.  The screen displays a cylindrical shaped vessel with a conical forward section and two stubby wings with engines mounted on the ends. The vessel is rushing toward them at high speed. 
Hell fire! Doctor Dresden curses looking over his shoulder at the screen.  Warrior, you are leaking energy from inertia suppression, the doctor warns desperately.
Are you qualified to operate that station? Warrior asks skeptically.
Valerie screams. The deck plates buzz. Dresden and Valerie are thrown from their chairs and onto the deck. Warrior's body rips through the corvette's hull.  The dragon's eye displays the interior of the corvette rushing by as Warrior crashes through its thick bulkheads and decks. There are brief images of horrified faces or bodies getting flung into space along with flash points from explosions that manifest behind Warrior as she passes through the bulk of the enemy ship. The mayhem and twisted metal disappear, replaced by space and stars.
Battle maneuver The Cutting Edge complete. Target is disabled, adrift and hemorrhaging air and personnel. Effectiveness assessed at ninety-eight percent. Enemy vessel is no longer a threat, Warrior announces clinically.
Valerie pulls herself off the deck and back into the command chair. She frowns and looks to the ceiling. Warrior, your effectiveness needs to be balanced with the needs of your crew. If you keep taking power from vital systems you are going to kill us.
Dresden is slow to return to his seat. He worries about being able to pull himself off the deck a third time.
Crew functionality is secondary to defense of the ship, the Warrior AI suddenly decides.
No! Your primary concern is the safety of your crew, Valerie reminds Warrior frantically. Review your safety protocols  its all there!
Protocols reviewed, your assessment is correct XO Encino; Warrior's primary concern is to the survival of her crew, Warrior repeats with agreement.
Valerie gasps and sighs with relief.  Warrior, tactical assessment, Valerie requests stiffly.
Final corvette, designated Venom is reloading forward rail guns and attempting to lock on with long range missiles. An unidentified ship is moving away and is activating an event horizon, Warrior reports.
That is impossible, there are no other vessels with that technology, Dresden protests angrily. 
Looks like there is at least one other vessel that would disagree with you.  Warrior, can we stop the unidentified ship or track it? Valerie asks. She brings up a weapons inventory and tries to study the information scrolling in front of her eyes. This is crap.  How can I command a ship if I have to consult the manual every minute? Valerie laments, her fingers rapidly typing and sliding across various buttons on her holoterminal.
All weapons are out of range. We do not have a technology that can track a ship through a portal, Warrior replies. The dragon's eye shows a spherical object in the distance moving toward a familiar sparking hole in space.
Those corvettes have no markings and are old. They may have been stolen from a junkyard and refitted or perhaps purchased cheap. It would explain why we are making such short work of them, Dresden observes casually.
Target Venom and move into attack posture, Valerie orders. She looks over at the energy control station. You okay Doc?
Would it matter if I wasn't? Dresden asks sullenly. He is adjusting some holodials while interacting with graphs on his holoscreen.
Don't be silly Doctor, of course it matters, Valerie says with a frown while shaking her head. She turns back to the dragon's eye and spots the enemy corvette moving around to face them. Aren't they brave? Valerie declares sarcastically.
Please select a combat maneuver, Warrior requests impatiently.
Let's keep our distance this time, Valerie suggests while scanning through available attacks her personal holoscreen.  Morning Breath, that looks like fun. Let's try that one.
Executing tactical maneuver, Warrior announces.
The dragon's eye shows the corvette speeding toward them. A beam of blue light extends out toward the advancing ship, impacting it full on. A white light engulfs the corvette for two heartbeats. When the light disappears, the corvette is adrift and twisting, its engine dead and its running lights dark.
Corvette Venom is neutralized, Warrior declares.
Something isn't right, Dresden announces, worry in his voice.
What do you mean? Valerie asks.
That was to easy, Dresden replies, that is an older model TDF Corvette, they all had hardened CPU cores, it shouldn't just shutdown like that.
He's right, Aria says with a sigh. Stepping into the CIC through the hatchway a flood of memories assails her mind and her heart begins to hurt.  This was not a place she ever expected to see again.
Both Valerie and Dresden turn to see the former XO standing in the open hatchway. She is wearing the standard blue biosynth jumpsuit, the fabric pressed tight against her athletic body. A golden dragon emblem is emblazed on her shoulder with the distinctive X stripe below.
XO Commander Aria Eaglewolf is on the deck. Ensign Valerie Encino, you are relieved, Warrior announces lifelessly.
Warrior? Aria asks with surprise, wondering about the strangeness in Warrior's voice.
Commander, Warrior was damaged on Neo Utopia, she is operating purely on AI software and basic protocols, Valerie explains. Basically, she is unconscious or worse. We won't know till Doctor Everett is revived and has a look at her. 
Damn it, Aria curses under her breathe. She looks at the drifting ship through the dragons eye. Her eyes narrow as she studies her adversary. It takes her a few second to adjust her mind to combat and recall her training. From a list of options a solution presents itself. Aria scowls. Warrior, lower the pulse shield for five seconds, restore it and launch a volley of spawn at the target, Aria orders confidently.
Executing command, lowering pulse shield, Warrior replies.
*****
The bridge of corvette Venom is small, dark and filled with smoke. Ceiling panels have fallen revealing the engineering beneath from which sparking wires hang. Periodically a burst of steam ejects downward from broken conduits. A lazy sounding alarm drawls in the background. Consoles and video screens are sparking and smoking. Scrawled into the upper hull at the back of the bridge, in bright white paint are the words, Witch Killers. Beneath the words is a skull and crossbones symbol.
The pilot, wearing a thick, oil stained spacesuit and full helmet, sits at the forward most control station, strapped in an industrial metal chair with no padding. His right hand grips a control column sticking up between his legs while the other grips a lever that controls engine power from the console at shoulder height. His expression cannot be seen behind his face shield but his body is shaking. Behind the pilot are two different control stations with various video screens and controls. 
A corpse, dressed in a bright orange jumpsuit, is strapped in the chair at the left control station, its flesh is burnt and smoking. Its head is contorted back and to the right, its mouth agape in a silent scream and its eyes wide. 
Standing at the right control station is a woman wearing a tight leather tank top and matching pants. The tops of her breasts are shiny with sweat and blood. Her long black hair smokes from recently having been on fire and her face is grimy. An ugly cut leaks blood and fluids down her right cheek. Angrily she punches buttons and turns dials on the control panel.
Is he dead? the muffled and terrified voice of the pilot asks.
The woman glances at the corpse. Of course hes fucking dead, she retorts angrily. Were all dead because of him. The woman kicks her control panel. With a buzz and a hiss a large wide screen above their heads, flashes to life. The screen displays a grid with various pieces of navigational data and flight instrumentations as well as a view outside of the ship. Floating in space, her wings outstretched and red eyes staring angrily is the dragonship Warrior. The woman makes a rude gesture towards the screen.
Son of a bitch! the pilots muffled voice sobs as he looks up at the screen. Did you see what that fucking thing did to Waylands ship?
Witch lovers! the woman curses. They arent so smart. Ive got a surprise for them. She moves over to the console with the dead corpse and starts punching numbers into a keyboard. 
On the large screen a red reticule appears over the dragonship then blinks. An alarm sounds on the console and the woman shrieks with victory. Thats it! They lowered their shields! They think were dead. They cant get their shields back up in time. Firing! The woman jams her fist into a large red button that is wet with blood. 
Missiles away, a crackled but cheerful female voice declares happily from the speakers.
On the screen many streaks of light appear heading for the dragonship.
The leather-clad woman turns back to her station.
Oh no! the pilot groans.
Leather looks back at the screen her eyes wide as she sees the distinctive flash of the dragonships pulse shield activation. Venoms missiles slam into the expanding pulse wave and begin exploding brilliantly.
Im getting us out of here! the pilot declares fearfully. He activates the power switch on his throttle. His console suddenly lights up.
No! Wait! Gravity compensators are offline, I need to strap in! Leather cries.
She runs toward her console.
Incoming Ordinance, the cheerful voice declares, her voice gurgling with malfunction.
The pilot pulls his throttle and shoves his control column to one side. Leather is thrown to the ceiling and is dragged through the wires and broken conduits tearing open the flesh of her back in many places. Her hand gets caught in metal support and is torn off. Leather screams in pain before being silenced when her body slams into the hull and is crushed by inertia; blood pours from her mouth and eyes. 
Seconds later Warriors spawn strikes the outside of Venoms hull and rips into the interior of the ship. The pilots chair is ripped from its moorings and is flung through a newly formed tear in the hull above the pilots head. The pilot, hyperventilating in his space suit, watches with horror as he twirls through space amongst the debris that has become Venom. Twirling end over end, pilot and chair slam into a sewage reclamation tank that had been torn from the maintenance level of the ship.
*****
Aria, Doctor Dresden and Valerie watch the old corvette breaking up. Valerie squints, thinking she sees a body in a chair disintegrating against a large piece of the ship. Gross, Valerie says under her breath.
Corvette Venom neutralized, Warrior declares.
Commander Eaglewolf, you should be resting, Dresden protests as he rises from his chair.
Aria levels a concerned gaze at the doctor. Doctor, the captain needs you immediately, Aria says, her face grim.
Dresden detects the urgency in Aria's eyes. Of course, he says and walks past her toward the hatchway.
Valerie quickly turns toward her current commanding officer and salutes. Commander Eaglewolf, Ensign Encino maam, the CIC is yours, Valerie declares.
Aria returns the salute.
Valerie lowers her hand and smiles. We have never met, but I am very grateful that you are here, I am not at all cut out for command, Valerie states with a sigh.
Aria eyes Valerie suspiciously. She quickly notes the casual yeomans uniform and frowns at her. You are out of uniform, ensign, Aria notes.
Captain Drake gave me a field promotion, maam. There wasnt time to change, Valarie explains.
He made you the XO? The captain must have found you very impressive, Aria says curiously while raising her eyebrow.
Yes, The captain seems more than satisfied with my performance, maam, Valarie states confidently. Valarie frowns, wondering if that was the wrong thing to say.
Aria stares at the ensign as her right eye twitches, slightly. 
Orders sir? Valerie asks whimsically, her eyes hopeful.
 
*****
Doctor Everett?  A soft voice speaks.
At first Lisa isn't sure she believes what she is hearing. She feels the throbbing in her head and the cold surrounding her. Her eyes flutter open and she has trouble focusing. Standing in front of her is a skinny girl in a white lab coat over a blue biosynth jumpsuit, holding a stainless steel cup. Lisa realizes she is sitting up, completely naked, damp and shivering. I don't suppose I could put something on? Lisa croaks painfully. She tries to shift but winces as her joints scream at her.
Doctor, you have just waken from a medical treatment, you were badly injured during our last portal transit, the nurse explains in a soft caring tone.
Neo Utopia, Lisa says, her voice itchy and hard.
Yes, you remember, that is very good. Please drink this and I will retrieve a towel and your uniform. The nurse places the cup in Lisa's hand, forces her fingers to fold about the cold metal, making Lisa groan from the pain in her joints.
Having forced her joints to actuate, the pain fades. Shakily Lisa lifts the metal cup to her mouth, takes a drink and makes a sour face as a bitter liquid flows down her throat. She looks up to see the nurse is walking toward her with a bundle of clothes. 
The nurse places the uniform on the edge of the recovery table then proceeds to drape a warm towel around the Doctor's shoulders. 
Lisa looks at her uniform and asks, shouldn't I rest for a couple days, isn't that protocol?
I'm afraid there is an emergency, Doctor. Most of the crew is incapacitated and Warrior herself, has lost consciousness, they need you in CIC as soon as you are able, the nurse tries to explain although she seems very distracted.
Why can't the lab fix her, havent we arrived at Sanctuary? Lisa asks with alarm.
No, we are in orbit around Lunar...in the Centauri System...I think, the nurse replies dubiously.
Lunar!  What the fuck is the captain thinking? Where is he? Lisa demands angrily while tossing the cup and foul liquid aside. The metal cup clangs unceremoniously onto the clean white floor, spilling the greenish fluid.
The nurse makes an unhappy face then slowly turns toward a med chamber to her left and lifts her hand to point shakily at it.  He's in there, the nurse replies sadly.
Lisa looks at the chamber then swings her legs off the cold recovery table, wincing as her knee joints actuate. She stands slowly. What happened to him?  Lisa demands, ignoring the pain in her feet and ankles.
You don't really want to look doctor, it is best you just get dressed and go to CIC.  Warrior needs your help, the nurse advises unconvincingly as tears form in her eyes.
Lisa frowns, walks unsteadily toward the chamber and once reaching it looks inside. With wide eyes she quickly turns away and fights back a sudden need to vomit. What the fuck happened to him?  Lisa cries out in horror, her whole body shaking.
He was exposed to space, the nurse sobs, bringing her shaking fingers to her mouth.
Fuck! Lisa curses as she staggers back to the recovery table and braces herself on the surface with both hands.
The hatchway opens and the aged but chipper Doctor Dresden walks in. I came as quickly as I could; I was busy in CIC, Dresden announces proudly.  Where is the captain?
The emergency medical team placed him in that chamber, the nurse replies pointing again, tears dripping down her face.
Dresden makes a disappointed face and strides confident toward the chamber. I wish I had been consulted first after all I am...HOLY SHIT! Dresden exclaims suddenly as he peers into the chamber. How dreadful! What happened? What a terrible mess. How can he still be alive...look at his...it's just hanging there...this is just terrible!
Lisa retches all over the recovery table.

*****
Jason, searching Aria's Astral House, finds a dresser and inside is a pair of khaki shorts and a t-shirt that he discovers fit him perfectly. Aria had dematerialized, leaving him alone in Astral House to fend for himself. He walks around the bedroom, looking out the various views into the forest. One view is particularly beautiful; a waterfall pouring into a pool of cool blue water that Jason finds he cannot stop staring at. While having a somewhat calming effect, the irritation of being stuck alone in a spiritual construct lessened the experience. He turns away from the windows and sees the staircase leading down into the second level of the house. It has been a long time since he has seen the house and with nothing else to do he casually walks down the winding steps to the landing below.
Captain, a small voice whispers in his mind.  Jason looks around with surprise but sees no one. The landing faces into a very large living room area with chairs, coffee table, a u-shaped couch and bookshelves filled with books lining the entire room; except for a door that Jason did not remember being there before. An old oak door with a faded silver knob is set between two bookshelves. Jason walks around a chair and reaches for the doorknob.
Jason?  Can you hear me?  Aria's voice asks in his mind.
Of course, why?  Jason asks, looking around him as if that would help him to see her. Was that you just a minute ago? Jason asks curiously.
I thought your mind might be sleeping, Aria replies softly. You never know where a person's mind is when they are in a Med Chamber.
How can I sleep, I've been looking around your house, Jason explains whimsically.
What?  Jason what are you talking about? Aria asks with confusion.
Your house, Astral House, I'm looking around I haven't been here for a long time, Jason says. He turns back toward the mysterious door and raises an eyebrow at it.
Jason, Astral House is my projection, unless I am there with you, the place doesn't exist, Aria says.
Well, I've been walking around the place since you left, Jason muses with a laugh. He turns his back on the mystery door and walks toward a window that looks out toward the waterfall and surrounding cedars.
That isn't possible, you must be creating a different version of it yourself, but...
But what?
Well, to be honest, I didn't think you were that creative, Aria states bluntly.
I don't think I'm creating this sweetheart, I tend to do the opposite, you know what I mean? Jason jokes. Jason looks at the door and asks, Aria did you put a door in the living room?
It doesn't matter. Jason, sweetheart, Doctor Dresden has assessed your condition and it...there is no natural way to save you, Aria announces bluntly. There is far to much damage.
Jason smiles in disbelief and looks down at himself, seeing his body looking as fit as always. That is hard to believe from in here, Jason replies with a nervous laugh.
Jason, your astral projection looks nothing like the current state of your body. If you weren't in a Med Chamber you would die in minutes, Aria assures. If you want to live, we have to go back to Sanctuary and...rebuild you.
Rebuild me?  Jason asks with a laugh, what are you talking about, you can't...Son of a bitch!  You want to stick me in that fucking vat don't you?
It's the only way, Aria states remorsefully.
You are going to turn me into some kind of freak, Jason laments.
Hybrid, Aria corrects.
Freak, Jason assures angrily.
I will check back with you, Aria says, I'm sorry...I can't let you die.
You bitch! Jason screams at her.  He doesn't know if she heard that but is aware her mind is no longer connected; the channel is closed. Angrily he punches the wall then winces at the pain.
Don't be angry, a small voice whispers in Jason's mind.
Whos there, damn it? Jason asks. He senses a pair of eyes on him. Field training takes over and Jason whirls about into one of many proficiently learned combat stances. His eyes narrow onto the mystery door, which now stands open.
Standing in the doorway is a pale eleven-year-old girl, with long black hair and dressed in a tight long black dress. Her arms are folded in front of her chest.
Jason gasps, his eyes widen and his knees buckle as he falls to the well-polished wooden floor.
Dont swear! the girl chides angrily, her eyes filled with fury, her words bouncing around inside Jason's head.
Chapter Eight

Aria takes her seat at the head of the conference table in the senior staff lounge aboard Warrior. She looks down and drags her finger along the dusty surface leaving a trail of shiny clean behind it. She lifts her finger and looks at the grey dust stuck to her fingertip with disgust.
The captain hasn't used this table for sometime, Doctor Dresden explains with a nervous laugh.
Consultations were not his thing after you left. He preferred to make decisions on the fly, which seemed to work just fine up until recently, Lisa observes, her voice dripping with sarcasm.
None of what has happened is the Commander's fault, Valerie says. She had taken the time to change into the standard blue biosynth jumpsuit, which did not reveal so much of her perfectly proportioned biosynthetic body. Beneath the golden dragon emblem on her shoulder was the single silver ensign bar.
Really? Lisa snaps. Perhaps this is good time for you to explain how you almost killed the captain. Why the hell didnt we return immediately to Sanctuary as I ordered?
I was recently reminded that you are not in command of this ship. Do you need such a reminder? Valerie asks cheerfully.
That will do, Aria groans. She closes her eyes and shakes her head. I have to say, I don't miss this.
You are certainly free to leave, Lisa states stiffly. And I don't care what Ensign Slut says, this situation is entirely your fault. 
Valerie feigns a hurt expression on her young face.
You have no business sitting in that chair, Lisa continues. I dont know how you expect us to follow orders from a
Enough! Aria shouts. Warrior, please inform the staff who is in command.
XO, Commander Aria Eaglewolf is currently in command, Warrior states bluntly over the speakers.
Fine, I get it, Lisa mumbles, crossing her arms in front of her and looking away.
This is a briefing, not a discussion, Aria explains while rising from her chair for emphasis.
Commander, the table is yours. We all want to know what is happening, Dresden replies impatiently. He folds his hands together and places them on the table before him.
I will make this fast. I spoke with the captain and he explained what happened. He was moments from being killed when Valerie executed her innovative rescue maneuver and actually saved his life. Under the circumstances and with her limited resources I think she did very well, Aria explains, placing both her palms on the table, forgetting the entire surface is covered in dust.
Thank you, Commander, I appreciate that. I am sorry for what happened to the captain all the same, Valerie says. I assure you, had I other options...
Again, Ensign Encino, you acted in an exemplary manner under extraordinary circumstances, Aria interrupts, hoping to close the matter. 
You were able to make contact with the Captain? How extraordinary, Dresden states whimsically.
It's not as hard as you think, at least not for us...we've always had a very special connection, Aria explains with pride.
Whatever, Lisa states childishly under her breath.
Dresden shakes his head and Valerie looks shocked.  
Ignoring Lisa, Aria continues. This has all been a setup from the beginning. Neo Utopia was an attempt to kill us all and Lunar was a trap. On Lunar the captain encountered and was attacked by a powerful witchkin named Lance who was obviously behind Petranis' escape. We were also attacked by three retrofitted older model TDF Corvettes, without markings; probably hired guns or pirates.
But you are supposed to be the last of your kind? Where did this witchkin come from and why would a witch hunter help him? Lisa asks suspiciously.  Why would a witchkin release a witch hunter for that matter?
Petranis was given a very special weapon and was also endowed with limited witchkin abilities, which he used to subdue me. Considering his deep hatred for me, it is likely he bent his own rules in an effort to satisfy his desire for revenge. The captain was told that the witchkin he encountered had journeyed from Pan Amalthea, Aria states.
Pan Amalthea! What an inventive place to hide, Dresden quickly observes. I know I wouldnt have thought to look there. That research station was shut down long ago.
Lisa groans with exasperation. Commander, you better not be thinking about taking us to the Sol System. We had no business going to Centauri in the first place. Warrior needs our help and we are just...
I am aware of the situation, Doctor, Aria snaps cutting Lisa off. We are going to Sanctuary for repairs and crew refit. Valerie I want you to return to CIC and get Warrior pointed in the right direction. Doctor Everett, your priority is to get Warrior back online.
It's about time, everyone has been using her like a fucking finger puppet. She isn't a machine, she is a living...
Doctor, this isn't helping, Aria warns. Just get her back. Doctor Dresden, the moment we dock, move the captain to the integration chamber and begin your procedure.
Did you explain, to the captain, what we needed to do? Dresden asks.
I did, Aria replies simply.
He objected didn't he? Lisa accuses, her eyes narrow and hateful.
I am going to save the captain and I will not discuss the matter, Aria cautions.
I would do the same, commander. It's the only thing you and I will agree on today, Lisa states. She gets up out of her chair. I should warn you. I was studying Warrior's brain pattern and we may have already lost her, I will know more when we get her connected to mainframe on Sanctuary.
How long will it take, before you know anything?  Aria asks.
It could take weeks. Lisa states. She smiles at Aria. I hope you're happy, commander. Lisa walks out, purposely bumping her shoulder into Aria on the way through the hatchway. Bitch, she whispers loud enough for everyone to hear.
*****
An energy discharge, similar to lightning heralds the opening of an event horizon in space. The hole sparks and shimmers for a brief moment until a large sphere glides through it. The portal shimmers and sparks and with a brief flash disappears. The sphere glides away from the remnants of the discharge and toward the massive gas giant Jupiter.
A very tall thin woman stands holding her hands behind her back. She has wild, frizzy red hair and is wearing a tight green full-length dress, with a black leather belt about the waist. In front of her rises a massive curving transparent bulkhead beyond which is an incredible panoramic view of Jupiter and her many moons. Her face is stretched so tight against her face the bones beneath are visible; it is like her skin is painted onto her skull. 
The woman is standing on a special observation platform above a dozen control stations where operators dressed in black, their faces hidden behind mirrored face shields, silently monitor the different systems of her ship. She watches a single reddish oblong moon growing larger through the transparent bulkhead.
The bridge, which is much larger than it needs to be, is located at the very top of the spherical vessel making it naturally round with a domed ceiling; several metal support beams connect to curving metal rafters. 
The entrance to the bridge is an opening in the center of the smooth deck where a set of stairs descends to the deck below. Two people emerge from the opening, walking quickly up the stairs side by side. One is a tall thin man, dressed in a black business suit, with short black hair and a trim goatee. The other visitor is a short woman with long brown hair, deep blue eyes and wearing a long red dress with a black belt at the waist. The woman appears to have a splash of fresh blood against her left cheek. They both continue up the steps to the platform where the tall woman stands. Upon stepping onto the observation platform the two visitors genuflect with their eyes to the floor. 
Empress Solendria, the visitors both intone with reverence.
Solendria slowly turns, her hands remaining behind her back. She smiles down at her visitors warmly. Welcome my friends, please stand, she offers in a very smooth and elegant voice. Lord Zachary, what news from below?
My lady,  Zachary begins, his voice nervous. There is a problem with Prince Lance. The healers did what they could but he was exposed to space for a dangerous amount of time...
Healing energy was used, but there are limits to what we can do, the woman tries to continue. She is much less nervous, more irritated.
Did the doctors use their biosynth machine? Solendria asks raising an eyebrow. She remains perfectly composed with a slight smile on her lips.
They placed the prince in the re-engineered biosynthetic integration chamber butthe system had not been tested properly and 
Take a breath my friend, Solendria suggests. What happened?
The process went faster than expected; faster than the records we recovered indicated it should...he Zachary begins wringing his hands nervously. He tries to continue but his words stutter from his mouth. 
Meagan, perhaps you can explain, Solendria suggests. With her smile broadening unnaturally the tall woman slowly slides her eyes toward Meagan.
My lady, Lance emerged from the chamber...deformed, Meagan explains carefully. The process did something to his body that allows him to live, but...his appearance...its completely unnatural.
What is the chief physicians prognosis? Solendria asks curiously. She brings a thin bony hand from behind her back and tucks it under her gaunt chin.
He killed the chief physician, Meagan replies simply.
He what? Solendria asks with amused surprise.
My Lady, he ripped the man to pieces, Zachary explains, his body shaking.
Solendria laughs. Zachary, please. The doctor was human and his usefulness was obviously questionable at best. If he failed then I can certainly understand why the prince would
He hasn't stopped my Lady! Zachary exclaims. He has locked the medical lab and he is...torturing the staff. He is killing them one by one, Zacharys face grows paler.
My Lady, we did try to reason with him but he is terribly upset, Meagan explains, her voice croaking. My Lady, as displeased as he iswe are going to need a medical staff.
Solendria finally frowns. Why don't you both go see how you can help at the main dock? I will check on the prince, Solendria suggests with a sigh. She glances over her shoulder and looks out the transparent bulkhead to observe that the red moon now dominates the field of view. She turns and calls down to the closest silent operator. Continue with docking procedures, Solendria orders stiffly.
Our duty is to serve, my Empress, the muffled dull voice of the operator intones.
Taking smooth graceful steps Solendria walks down the stairs from the observation platform, past the two visibly shaken witchkin. Reaching the next deck the empress strolls confidently and casually down a dimly lit curving hallway. The metal bulkheads of her ship display obvious weld joints, like a metal patchwork quilt quickly thrown together. The constant hum of the ship is soon broken as she nears the medical lab, from which muffled screams, thuds and pops are heard. Solendria pauses in front of the large medical lab doors to listen to the screams. She releases a soft sigh before drawing enough of her will to force the electronic door lock.
The door slides open to a macabre bloody scene. Blood is splattered on every wall. On the floor and spread among the debris of broken lab equipment are body parts, internal organs and pools of blood. The computer consoles around the room are sparking and smoking. A man in a lab coat is suspended in mid air, spinning and screaming in agony. Blood sprays out from his nose, ears and mouth, splattering in all directions. The spinning doctor is then thrown from wall to wall, crushing his bones and bursting internal organs; his screams are suddenly silenced, yet his dead corpse continues to be thrown about until final it strikes a bulkhead. A bloody mess of broken bones and leaking fluids slide to the floor with a sickening wet thud.
Lady Solendria, please! A young woman wearing a torn lab coat and lying on the deck cries out in terror. She is covered in blood and tries to crawl over some debris toward the open door but suddenly screams in excruciating pain before bursting into flames; her skin and muscle are burned from her bones and the air is filled with the acrid smell of burnt flesh. With a loud clunk, noisy fans activate to vent the smoke.
Solendria sighs and shakes her head. She notices a horrid apparition sitting cross-legged at the center of the destroyed lab. It is naked and skinless; its muscles are on display. Instead of a face, it has a hairless skull, with ligaments and muscle, much like the rest of its body. In its eye sockets, crude glowing, mechanical eyepieces with horridly large pupils, stare in constant horror. In its forehead an angry third eye burns red. 
Prince Lance? Solendria questions with surprise.
The creature looks at the woman standing in the hatchway and jumps to its feet. Look what they did to me! Lance sobs angrily. They told me this was the best they could do. Look at me! I used to be beautiful! Look at me, I'm a monster! the creature wails and screams. Broken pieces of computer lift up off the ground and are hurled against a wall making a horrible crash.
Prince Lance, my friend, the woman addresses the pathetic creature. Perhaps you will now understand the consequences of not listening to me. When I tell you to perform a task quickly, it is inadvisable to hesitate and play games. You should have simply killed Captain Drake and been done with it.
What? You're going to teach me a lesson? Lance asks furiously, fluids dripping out of the sides of its mouth. You fucking bitch, I have no skin! My eyes are gone! I have metal fingers and toes! I was a beautiful man, now look at me! Lance screams at the top of his lungs. He snaps his hands out to his sides and yanks his will to him with unmitigated rage. The lights in the room dim and a blue nimbus forms and swirls about his fingers forming blue glowing spheres of energy. He lifts his hands and hurls them both at Solendria. 
A bright glowing green third eye ignites in Solendrias forehead. The woman makes a slight gesture with her hand and the energy balls bounce away from her and are absorbed harmlessly into the blood stained hull. She flicks her wrist and the pathetic creature that Lance has become is flung off his feet and smashes into the wall opposite him. The woman extends her hands and makes a rising gesture with her arms. Lance lifts off the floor and hovers in the air above the floor. 
Prince Lance, do you really think I'm going to take any shit from you? Solendria asks.
A spark zaps Lance in the forehead followed by another and then yet another, making Lance scream with pain every time. Then suddenly, Lance is screaming in torment as sparks are continuously drilling into him, relentlessly and mercilessly. Lance's screams are shrill and terrible, but the woman continues while clenching her teeth.  
Lance, I know you are angry, and that anger will be a useful asset for you, but in my presence the only emotion you should be showing openly is fear, Solendria hisses.
Lance falls to the floor on top of the bleeding body of a dead lab tech. Lance, his chest heaving, his body shaking and quivering in pain, rolls onto his back. I hate them, he growls. I want to rip them to pieces.
You will get another opportunity, I suggest you don't hesitate next time. Next time, don't play with them just do your job. It could have been over today if you had just done your job, Solendria reiterates. We cant afford to waste anymore time or resources. With Aria and the dragon out there, we have to move quickly.
What about the girl. Let me have her, let me hurt her. Please, I need to do something, it is unbearable, Lance begs.
You so much as go near the research stations vault and I will personally rip your guts out through your nose, Solendria warns. The physician and his techs did what they could with what they had, be grateful you lived. You wasted a great deal of good talent here today, even if they were human.
I am going to rip them to pieces, all of them, Lance vows. Ignoring the woman, he looks down at himself and begins to sob. Look at me, look what they did to me. In a pool of blood Lance curls into a ball, holding his knees to his chest and starts sobbing and crying mournfully.
*****
Warrior wings her way through blue skies, performing barrel rolls, elaborate spins and dives around and through clouds. On her face is a huge dragon smile, her eyes bright and happy. Swirls of misty air stream away from her wingtips as she performs an aerial dance of joy and contentment. At supersonic speeds, Warrior dives toward a rolling sea below her. At the last second she pulls up and causes a wide valley of water to spray away from either side of her massive body. As she skims the surface of the water, an explosive blast of noise follows her.  
She pulls up as she nears land and directs herself toward a tall mesa at the center of a red desert. Warrior's keen vision spots a figure standing on the very top of the mesa and with curiosity, she circles the monolithic desert structure.
Lisa looks up in awe at the dragon circling the top of the mesa. Its passage creates a wind that blows her long brown hair back and the sonic boom following her is deafening. Instead of her lab coat she is dressed in a tight red dress that one would expect to wear to a cocktail party. The dress is cut extremely low. She is irritated by the amount cleavage she is displaying and the wind feels cold on her exposed legs and thighs. Lisa intends to say something to the lab tech running the VR program when she gets out...if she gets out. Raising both her arms she cries out, Hey, Warrior! It's me Lisa.
Warrior slows down and changes course, gliding toward Lisa. Warrior extends her legs and clawed hands toward the ground. With a thunderous crash that nearly knocks Lisa to the ground, the dragon touches down. Dust flies, only meters from where Lisa is standing. Warrior cranes her neck down to look closely at Lisa, her massive head filling Lisa's entire field of view. Doctor Everett!  Warrior says cheerfully, her voice deafening. Look, I'm a real dragon now.  Warrior settles her body onto the ground to relax.
You look great, Lisa complements, trying her best to smile.
Thank you. I think so to, Warrior says. She lifts a massive clawed hand and looks at it as if to check her nails. This is much more fun than being a ship.
Warrior, you are still a ship. This is just a dream, Lisa explains. She looks up at the massive dragon towering before her with pleading eyes.
Dreaming, Warrior muses twiddling her claws. She looks down at the tiny figure standing on the surface of the rocky mesa. I like dreaming, Doctor Everett, Warrior states, her tone ominous. 
I don't think you understand. You may dream for a little while longer, but before long you won't even be able to do that. Your cortex was severely damaged when you slipped past a red zone at Neo Utopia, do you remember? Lisa asks. She steps forward, looking up into the dragon's massive eye.
Warrior makes a sour face. Yes, I remember now, she says.
Thank god, Lisa says under her breath. Your brain is starving and you must reconnect your consciousness to the nodes of the ship. Essentially, we need you to wake. Then the nodes can do their work and regenerate your cortex.
Won't that be painful? Warrior asks. She lowers her claws and rests them on the ground.
We have made a lot of repairs already. We are back at Sanctuary, everyone is working so hard to help you, but we need you to do this one thing so that we can restore all your systems. We have been unsuccessful at reaching you any other way, so we used a VR program to tap directly into your brain and I came in to talk to you, Lisa cries out to her, in case the dragon was having trouble hearing.
No need to yell at me Doctor, I have excellent hearing, Warrior states proudly.
Will you wake now, or do you still need help? Lisa asks. If you need help, I can activate a program that will open a portal for you. All you have to do is fly through it and you will be back in your body where you belong.
Back to flying through space and doing what I'm told? Why should I do that?  Even if I die in an hour, I will at least be free, Warrior offers with a smirk.
We need you, Lisa begs. We can't fight this alone.
The dragon sighs and then smiles at Lisa. Don't worry Lisa, I'm not crazy, I was just messing with you. I was wondering when someone would show up and help me.
Warrior, we don't have time for this, Lisa warns with a sigh.
Nice outfit Doctor, I normally only see you in that pathetic lab coat you insist on wearing all the time, Warrior states with amusement.
Are you ready? Lisa asks with frustration.
Of course I'm ready, I've been ready for sometime, Warrior confesses. Send the portal and I will fly through it. I am anxious to get back to work. For the record, flying around this little dream world was starting to get terribly boring.
Okay, let me out, Lisa announces.  She turns around and looks to the sky, waving her arms. Let me out, she repeats.  
A sudden roar fills Lisas mind; the desert world disappears and is replaced by the inside of her lab on Sanctuary. Lisa sits up and pulls the VR glasses from her eyes and disconnects the leads from the implant at the base of her neck. Lisa swings her legs out of the chair and gets to her feet. The room has three workstations. Three technicians, dressed in lab coats, sit at each station operating holoterminals and looking at holoscreens. A large screen hangs high above the room and depicts the desert mesa with Warrior standing on top of it.
Warrior is flapping her wings and looking directly and impatiently back at whomever maybe looking at the screen. 
She's ready to go, Lisa says moving behind the center workstation and placing her hands on the back of the operator's chair.  
The technician in the chair is a clean shaved gentleman with thick dark hair and a dark complexion. He has a smirk on his lips as he works his holoscreen.
Program is ready, Doctor, the smirking technician reports.
Like seeing me in a dress, Paul?  Lisa asks. Lisa cuffs her hand lightly against the back of Paul's head causing the other technicians to chuckle, unable to contain their amusement. Next time you guys need to go in the VR, you'll all be in dresses too, Lisa promises.  
The technicians stop laughing and get back to work.   
Run the program, Lisa orders.
Everyone looks up at the big holoscreen, a familiar sparking portal appears above the mesa. Warrior looks up at it, jumps and wings her way up through the portal. 
Lisa turns away from the holoscreen and runs out the control room doors. She sprints down a short hall through another set of doors and onto a huge metal staircase landing. The room is monstrous. Lisa moves to the rail and looks down.  Below her is Warrior, stretched out on a huge deck, her arms, legs and wings splayed out, her head laying on it's side, eyes closed. There are cables running all over the deck and attached to Warrior at various places all over her body and neck. There is even a huge cable, with blinking lights, attached to a place between her horns. The huge lights in the cavernous room suddenly dim and a strange humming echoes. A dozen or so technicians on the deck all look at each then turn and run toward the nearest exit. There is a spark between Warrior's horns and her whole body shakes and shudders causing tremors to run up through the sides of the cavern. Lisa grips the rail as the metal plates beneath her feet vibrate.
Warrior's eyes, deeply red, snap open and she lifts her head. She blinks several times before suddenly jumping up onto her feet. This rips several cables out of her metal body, her eyes widen and she releases a painful croak. 
Lisa is almost knocked off her feet by the shock wave Warriors massive frame creates from jumping onto the deck. Lisa covers her ears. 
Warrior releases a deafening trumpet sound and her body shakes. With her left hand Warrior reaches up grabs the cable sticking in her head and yanks it free. Again her eyes widen and she releases an ear-piercing shriek of pain. She looks around herself and begins ripping the remaining cables from her body and neck until they are all lying on the deck. Some are spewing gases or liquids and they twist about from the expulsion of high pressure.
Shut off all leads to Dragon Medical Bay! a frantic voice cries out over the loud speakers.
Lisa looks over the rail. Standing, Warrior's head is now at her eye level. 
Warrior cranes her head in order to look directly at Lisa with both eyes.
Warrior? Lisa asks.
Warrior's eyes change to a brilliant blue and there is an audible metallic creak as a smile forms along her massive jaw. Doctor Everett, Warrior acknowledges, her voice deafening. In the lab coat again I see. The dress is far more flattering.  If you wore something like that more often, you'd get laid for sure.
Well I see your nap hasn't improved your manners, Lisa replies with annoyance.
Aria runs through the hatchway and moves up next to Lisa. She smiles warmly at her old friend. Warrior, you're back! Aria declares cheerfully.
As are you, Commander, Warrior says, blinking. Since you are alive and standing next to our sexy biotech doctor I am assuming that what happened at Neo Utopia was not a trap set by yourself?
Warrior, I am so sorry that you would even considered that as a possibility, Aria states with disappointment.
When I flew into the portal and saw the street, I knew it was a trap. A jump beacon set like that was obviously meant to destroy us. My last thought was of you, Warrior explains.
I am going to upload your AI's memory file. I left it out because I didn't want to shock you, Lisa explains. She reaches up to tap her CU, scrolls through a menu and activates the upload.
Warrior suddenly shudders. Her eyes turn red again and she releases a snort as she looks away, considering the new data. She turns back toward the two women, frowns and asks, Captain Drake?
They were putting him into the chamber when I heard you were waking and I came up here, Aria explains.
Tell Doctor Dresden to do a good job, or he answers to me, Warrior warns. Judging by the scowl on her lips and red eyes, clearly she is not attempting to make light of the situation. Doctor Everett, I need all my systems back on line, I will need to be ready when the captain wakes. Aria, please tell the crewhow sorry I am. I wishpoor Commander Kraken. Warrior looks away sadly.
Warrior, are you okay? Aria asks.
I will be just fine and ready for duty shortly, commander, Warrior assures her. I need to get back into the fightthere is payback to be had.
I'll be back, Lisa promises. She turns and walks out the hatchway. 
Aria acknowledges Warrior with a stiff nod and turns to follow the biotech specialist.
In the hallway Aria runs up behind Lisa, grabs her shoulder and forces her to stop.
Get your hands off me, Lisa spits, pushing her hand away. Lisa turns to face Aria and yells, fucking bitch, you have no right to be here!
This needs to come out, Aria says calmly. I know you are angry and it has nothing to do with our mission or my return. You need to release your anger so you we can work together harmoniously.
Don't try to sell your fucking witchkin bullshit to me. You left! You abandoned him, Lisa shouts. Lisa clenches her fists and moves up on Aria menacingly. You don't get to just come back. It's not fair!
I know you are in love with him. I can feel it, Aria states. But you have to know, he and I are connected on a much deeper level than you can possibly imagine. Aria sees her next move, feels the decision, feels the neurons leaving her brain and activating muscles in her arm, but Aria decides in that instant it was best not to act.
Lisa snaps her fist into the side of Aria's face knocking her back with surprising force. 
Aria braces herself against the metal hull then lifts her hand to her aching cheek and winces.  
Lisa grins with surprise, but her heart suddenly fills with terror at having not only struck a superior officer but having assaulted a witchkin the consequences of which range from being incarcerated to instant death.
Aria looks over at Lisa, her mouth agape with surprise at the strength of Lisas punch. Feel better? Aria asks rubbing her face.
Yes, actually, Lisa lies. Want another?
I admire your bravery, Lisa. It will serve us all well, but this conflict between us serves nobody. It won't help our captain and it won't help us to determine what is hunting us, Aria says as she straightens herself. She applies her healing energy to the bruise forming in her cheek and quickly it dissipates and vanishes.
Lisa groans at the futility of having a punching match with a witchkin. Obviously, Lisa states with frustration.
You know I did not choose to return. Fate has brought me back. Fate has put us all into this situation and clearly everything that is happening is a threat to all of us, not just myself and not just Jason. I know how unfair this must seem to you and I can only imagine what my return means to the hopes and desires you had been formulating in regard to Jason. But this frustration you are feeling is much deeper than just my presence. You are certainly aware of his activities since my departure and I am certain your hostility, while directed at me, has more to do with that than my sudden reappearance. Aria leans against the hull and crosses her arms.
Lisa turns away from Aria, puts her head against the hull, closes her eyes and shudders slightly. It just means its over. As long as you weren't in the picture, at least I had a chance, as slim as it may have seemed. Hell, maybe Warrior is right, maybe if I had gone to him, dressed like one of those young slutty yeomen, I could have at least...I guess even the yeomen are out of luck now. But I thought, maybe if he got tired of them, he'd see me eventually.
Aria sighs, feeling her pain and recognizing the unfairness. Doctor, as much as it pains you, I am your commander and we must work together. You don't have to like it, but you do have to accept it.
You should leave right now, go back to him. I'll let you know when Warrior is ready, Lisa promises, her voice quivering. 
Aria feels Lisa's tears coming. Wordlessly Aria walks away, leaving Lisa in the hallway, slipping through the doors that lead into the control room. Lisa closes her eyes. Her body suddenly shakes from her sobs as the tears flow. The release overwhelms her as the pain is expelled.
    
*****
Dresden stands with arms crossed in front of his chest, his brow furrowed. His eyes are intently staring through a transparent bulkhead where a large silver cylinder containing Captain Jason Drake is lowered by gravity tethers into a swimming pool sized vat of viscous green fluid. Steam rises from the surface of the liquid, filling the large room with a greenish mist.
Doctor Dresden, a deep but smooth mechanical voice utters. Biosynthetic augmentation protocols are complete. We are ready to proceed.
Dresden turns to look upon a Biosynthetic creature, vaguely resembling a deeply tanned human torso set in a shiny black half-dome casing hovering a meter above the floor. It has four mechanical armatures and a mechanical head that vaguely resembles a handsome human face with a glowing blue strip of light where eyes would normally be found. 
I am ready to proceed as well, Doctor Hartman, Dresden replies. Dresden walks past the floating torso and activates a number of holoscreens. A massive holographic projection of Captain Drakes naked body appears in the center of the room and begins to spin about. Blinking markers point to various areas around the Captain's body while data begins to scroll on each side of the projection.
Doctor Hartman floats up to the projection. With his mechanical hands, the biosynth doctor begins selecting regions of the captain's body that become highlighted, changing colors with his touch. Injecting the first nanites into the fluid, commencing stage one of augmentation, Doctor Hartman announces cheerfully. Tiny blinking blue lights appear on the projection in the areas where Doctor Hartman had highlighted. The blue lights flow quickly through veins and capillaries until the entire region has turned blue.  
Dresden taps his CU.  Commander, we are proceeding with the first stage...are you certain about theses...changes...I wonder if Captain Drake would approve.
Of course he wouldn't, Arias voice responds. But Doctor Hartman's assessment is correct, he needs an edge if we are going to be fighting witchkin. How did you make out with the sample?
Dresden steps away from the giant holographic projection and walks a few meters to a worktable where the hilt of a sword with just two centimeters of blade is suspended and slowly spins. The blade is an interesting combination of elements, very strong but a bit on the brittle side. The relevant part to you is the rather unusual device in the hilt that appears to generate a high frequency pulse of energy. I am not sure how it works anymore than I understand how witchkin magic works, but it very effectively nullified your abilities temporarily while it was stuck in your body. It would appear the frequency can be tuned using internal controls and I would guess it was specifically set to affect you. The frequency emission is actually very subtle.
So it was constructed to kill me, specifically?  Aria asks.
It was a bullet with your name on it, yes, Dresden confirms. As I stated I dont know how it works but I wouldnt be surprised if we ran a full spectrum on both you and the device we would find a matching harmonic. I have no idea how this would affect anything, the signal seems perfectly innocuous to me but clearly it had a devastating affect on you.
Doctor Dresden, Hartman interrupts. You will want to observe this.
Back to work, Commander, Dresden says stiffly. He taps his CU and walks back to Dr. Hartman and Captain Drakes projection.

*****
Jason stands. He rubs the tears from his eyes, his body shaking with fright.  Fear is a foreign feeling to Jason and it makes his stomach churn. He takes a deep breath and looks at the open doorway where the vision of his daughter had been standing moments earlier. Vision. Jason chews on that idea in his mind for a few moments and decides it doesnt fit. He steels himself, taking a deep breath, his eyes narrow and his lips curl into a deep frightening scowl. He throws off the fear like a dirty shirt and strides toward the doorway, his fists clenched. He looks down a steep set of concrete stairs. Maya Drake!  Jason yells down angrily.  His voice echoes about, cavernously.
Father? Strange, Mother believed I was her tortured mind, punishing her, the girl speaks in Jason's mind; an eerie laugh bounces around his head. Youve figured out that Im real.
Where are you? Jason demands, his voice deep and authoritative.
Come find me, Father. Finish the job you started, the girl states with vitriolic hatred.
Maya, I am coming down there, Jason warns.
Good! That's what I want. I am going to splay you Father! I am going to hang your guts from the walls, the girl promises with a hiss.  A terrible scream fills Jason's mind, meant to evoke more fear.
Jason grits his teeth. Before you do that let's chat, Jason suggests sternly.
Laughter fills his head as Jason descends the stairs. He jumps the last four steps, landing at the bottom of the stairs. Quickly he assumes a defensive martial arts stance.
Oooooo, the girl moans then laughs.
Jason looks into a dank brick hallway, dimly lit by torchlight. Lying in a puddle of putrid water is a rag doll; it's head half torn off its body, stuffing leaking out the wound. Jason strides down the hall. He shivers at the cold that embraces him.  He feels the hatred and pain.
That's it, Daddy. Come this way, the girl growls. An apparition of Maya shimmers into view behind Jason. She is dressed in a dirty soiled dress, her face pale and covered in grime and blood. Her eyes are glowing red. 
Jason stops. Quickly he spins about. He gasps at the horrific sight of his daughter.
Why are you stopping? Maya asks with a growl. She shows her mouth, filled with razor sharp teeth, blood oozes out of her mouth. Maya's vision of horror vaporizes and her laugh lingers and echoes through Jason's mind.
Jason turns around and continues his walk. The further he goes the darker, the colder, the damper it gets. Soon Jason's breath is seen shooting out of his mouth and nostrils. Jason ignores the cold on his bare flesh, knowing it isn't real.  Right now his body is safely in a Med Chamber and what is going on is all happening in his mind. He arrives at an oak door and performs a spinning sidekick. The wood crumbles and shatters as it were glass, blasting into a large round chamber beyond. The chamber has curving brick walls and a cobblestone floor. Jason steps through the doorway. His eyes are drawn toward the tall domed ceiling, which is lined with torches.
Maya is hovering and slowly rotating around the domed ceiling. Her dress is dirty and soiled; her face is streaked with dirt and tears. Her eyes glow red. Her arms are outstretched. Father! her voice booms.
Maya, we need to have words. Can we do that please? Jason asks, his patience waning. 
How brave you are, father, Maya says openly, her voice lingers and echoes, parts of her words stretching out ominously. Shooting a defenseless childyour own daughter! 
You and I are not remembering the same thing, Jason says.
Really?  The girl announces with amused surprise.  Maya snaps her arms down at her sides and a glowing red nimbus forms around her fingertips.
Jason squints and looks around as he senses something is coming. Jason starts to speak, I watched you die, Maya. I watched you die and my life ended. I've been alone ever since.
Maya cackles chillingly. You thought you watched me die. You tried to kill me father, but you failed! You aimed your gun at me and fired but your bullet didnt kill me. You abandoned me on my dying home world, thinking I was dead. You thought you had destroyed all the witchkin, including me! But Im not the only one you missed.
That is NOT what happened, Jason cries out angrily. Who told you this?
I saw it with my own eyes, Father! You made a terrible mistake. My empress has made me strong; she has made us all strong. We will have justice, Maya promises happily.
Are you obeying her now? Jason asks. Or did she tell you to come here and kill me?
Actually, Empress Solendria warned me to stay away from you. She said I should never speak with you, Maya says. But I wont let you get away with what you did to us.
Solendria? Jason asks with surprise. Are you kidding me?
She is the greatest witchkin leader in history. She will make you suffer for your crimes against us! Maya declares
If I wanted all witchkin dead, why is your mother still alive? Jason asks. You are under some kind of spell and Im going to break it!
The only thing that is breaking here is your back! Maya screams. Blood red lightning shoots from her fingertips and strikes the ground near Jason. A horror rises from the stone, a dark thing with hairy spider legs, a human torso and a goat's head with razor sharp teeth. It releases a frightening scream before advancing on Jason with fury in its eyes, clawed hands outstretched.  
Good-bye, father, Maya announces with a victorious laugh.

Chapter Nine

Lance, his exposed grey muscles glistening with a clear gel like substance, lurches through a cavernous rocky tunnel, one of many that had been bored through Amaltheas porous rock. The tunnels connect to several natural internal hollows that, many years earlier, engineers had ingeniously converted to labs, living quarters and a huge internal docking bay. 
Having been displeased with his mechanical eyes, Lance tore them out of their sockets and now uses his witchkin will to see. In his forehead, his third eye shimmers angrily and glowing red points of light seem to float in his big dark eye sockets. Lance passes an open doorway and glances inside to see two human scientists in grey lab coats examining the decapitated head of a lifeless biowarrior. Lance grunts and moves on.
Personnel sharing the tunnel quickly avert their eyes as he passes. One human soldier, wearing full black tactical gear makes the mistake of staring at the skinless visage of death incarnate. Lance scowls at him and says, see anything you like? Want a piece big man? Lance makes a sarcastic croak, or perhaps he is clearing something from his throat, it is hard to tell.  
Before the soldier can answer a bright stroke of red energy blasts out of Lance's eyes, strikes the soldier full in the chest, burns through his armor, chest, organs and out his back. The soldier gurgles something inaudible as his corpse falls limp to the deck. 
Lance moves on, leaving the mess behind him. Two soldiers walking the other direction see their fallen comrade and race to his side. Upon inspection, the two soldiers look back at Lance, their expressions hidden behind their black facemasks. One of the soldiers, appears to lower his head solemnly.
Lance walks toward a metal door, which looks foreign in comparison to the rocky surface around it. Lance awkwardly kicks a round blue button embedded in the wide door jam. Noisily the door slides up into the ceiling. He hobbles into a large grey cavernous room, with rock walls. Various computers and consoles sit around the flat rocky floor, looking even more out of place than the door. Dull yellow lights are embedded into the rock walls. 
Solendria stands in the center of the room, holding her hands together behind her back and looking up toward the high uneven ceiling. 
Several meters above their heads a girl, dressed in what appears to be dirty white pajamas, is floating, suspended by four blue gravity tethers that snake about her body forming a blue cloud of misty light. Her black hair floats about her head as if she is immersed in water. A red laser beam drills into her forehead where an open third eye stares blankly. Her other two eyes are closed and her lips are slightly parted as if she were asleep. 
Lance looks up at the girl with disgust, although the condition of his face, skull like, he could be smiling for anyone could tell. How long till you are done with her? I have plans for that little bitch, Lance declares viciously. Fluids drizzling down his chin from his lipless mouth.
Solendria closes her eyes with impatience and says, the girl is useless to us dead, and she is the only one who can truly solve our problem with the biosynths. Solendria turns and glares at the skinless creature with contempt. I thought I told you something terrible would happen if you ever came down here.
Your plan wont work, Lance declares confidently.
For a man with no balls, you certainly have a loose tongue, Solendria states ominously.
Lance groans at the reminder of his misfortune. Another trickle of clear fluid drains from his missing lips and down his jawbone. She already is disobeying you. You cant control her. How good is she going to be in combat? Lance asks.
What are you talking about? Solendria asks angrily.  She turns to face the living horror, her fingertips tingling.
It's why I came down here. Thanks by the way, always fun to give the crew a nice long peek at the living freak show; how about you answer your fucking calls for once? Lance suggests angrily. Oblivious to Solendria's growing fury and feeling empowered, Lance dismisses the warnings going off in his anguished mind.
Exasperated, Solendria screams, what are you talking about? She raises her hands to show Lance her glowing fingers.
Chill out, bitch, Lance declares fearlessly. She is leaking an energy signature and her mind is completely awake. Fuck, we can detect this shit but we can't get someone to fix the ventilation motors in the lab, how fucking hard...
Lance suddenly flies back and strikes the rocky wall behind him with a sickly wet slap sound. His body slumps to the rocky floor unconscious.
That is quite enough of you, Prince Lance, Solendria growls. She looks up at the floating little girl with madness in her eyes. She clenches her fists and closes her eyes.

*****
The goat-thing bleats in pain as Jason performs a perfect spinning back kick, dislocating the abomination's jaw. Jason flips back, avoiding wide arcing swipes from the creature's grotesquely clawed hands. 
Maya? Jason asks, with surprising calm. I've always been fond of your imagination sweetheart, but a goat on spider legs?
Maya frowns. Think I can't do better? she asks.
Jason snaps his elbow into the goat's face while grabbing the detestation's right arm, twisting it back and snapping it at the elbow making it cry out in anguish. Can you? This guy is cute and everything, but not much of a work out, Jason declares. He pulls the damaged arm sharply, dislocating it at the shoulder, sending another scream of pain from the creatures mouth. Jason takes advantage of the creature's anguish by flipping around its backside, grabbing it roughly by the chin and horns and violently twisting causing a distinctive and audible crack. The creature crumbles to the stone floor, silently.
Fine, Maya pouts waving her hand; the corpse of her failed monstrosity melts into the cold stone floor.
Jason, breathing a little heavier than normal, raises his eyebrow then looks up at his daughter, floating above. How about we talk before you try your luck again? he suggests.
Talk about what? Maya asks angrily, her eyes filled with furious tears.
What were we doing before I supposedly took you to a dead planet to shoot you? Jason asks. His voice is filled with sarcasm.
Maya narrows her eyes into slits and her face reddens with anger. You are trying to trick me. I remember everything! I was in an escape pod and you were...
I was trying to make you safe. I was sending you out of the battlefield, Jason reminds her while pointing his finger.
Maya frowns and squints her eyes. But...you...shot me, Maya declares stubbornly.
If I wanted you to die, I would have kept you with us. Do you remember? They all died, and we had intruders on board. I was trying to save you, Jason states.
They all died because you killed them. You werent trying to save me, you shot me, I remember, Maya declares angrily. But her voice sounds unsure as tears stream down her face.
Is that what you remember, or is that what Solendria wants you to remember? Jason asks. Jason steps towards his daughter and looks up at her with a cocky grin. Baby, if I wanted you dead and you gave me the chance to point my gun at you, what are the chances you'd have survived that? How many times have you personally seen me miss a target?
Maya's eyes widen. Never, she croaks.  Maya starts to breath rapidly, hyperventilating. No, please! She cries out breathlessly.
Maya! Jason calls out to her, holding out his hand.
Maya stiffens, throws her head back and releases a deep eerie howl before disappearing from view.
Jason looks around. The brick walls and cobblestone floor melt away, leaving him standing in a bright white light. Jason looks around. The bright light is not blinding, but it is everywhere. Jason looks at his feet. He feels like he is standing on solid ground, but there is no point of reference, as it all looks the same. 
This must be what the astral looks like without the house, Jason says aloud.  The sound of his voice seems to hang in space. Jason shuts his eyes tightly and tries to imagine a big comfy armchair.  He opens his eyes to see a bar stool suspended in the white nothing a few steps away. Jason shrugs. Good enough, he says. He steps up on the bar stool and sits down. He runs his hand through the bristle of his hair and waits.

*****
Maya is violently pulled out of the astral and through the recesses of her own mind, in which she visits the memories of her life. It is only a split second from the horrible place she planned to kill her father to the waking world within Solendria's vault, yet in that short span of time she revisits many hours worth of memories as if they were happening in the moment. Maya finds herself, the observer, watching what had been two years before.
Maya and her mother are standing in front of the large transparent bulkhead on the observation deck located in Warriors head. Both are dressed in identical blue biosynth jumpsuits but Aria's has the distinction of being decorated appropriately with her commander's stripes. The deck has a strange hum that is not present anywhere else in the ship. The transparent bulkheads look out into space and floating before and to each side of Warrior are five dragon ships, a fleet of dragons soaring among the stars. Each dragon is distinctively different, having different shaped and colored scales with longer or thinner bodies; each dragon is an individual. The dragon at the very front of the flight is much larger than all the others, almost twice the size of Warrior, and has deep black scales. Its huge head has three sharp horns as opposed to the two all the other dragons have. It is called Blade and is the flagship of the dragon fleet. Warrior is slightly behind the rest of ships that make up the V-formation of the fleet, giving mother and daughter a perfect view of all the ships.
Watch carefully, Maya, Aria speaks with pride. Soon, Blade will open a portal big enough for all of the ships to pass through.
Mom, what is it like on Irridani? Maya asks.
It is...magical, Aria says with a grin. You are going to learn so much and you will get to play with other children just like you.
You mean witchkin, Maya says.
That's right, Aria responds with a slight laugh.
Why do the humans hate us? Maya asks with a furrowed brow.
Some humans fear us, but not all humans are that way. Your father is human and he loves us both, very much. We have welcomed many humans to our world since they discovered us. Some have found life partners and live among us peacefully, Aria replies. She puts her arm about her daughter's shoulder.
Will I be as powerful as you? Since I am only half witchkin, Maya asks making the obvious connection regarding her heritage.
According to your med scans, you are as powerful if not more powerful than I am. Apparently it doesn't matter that your father is human, Aria explains. She gives Maya a hug. The thing is, witchkin are human descendants from a colony ship that landed on Irridani long ago. We may have evolved away from humanity in a distinct way, but we are also very much the same in many other ways. 
Is Irridani safe? Some of the terrans seem very angry with us and the biosynths, Maya observes with concern.
Aria sighs. It was a terrible worry, ever since the TDF discovered our world while experimenting with static jump portals. We welcomed them of course, because that is our nature, but when they found out what we could do, some of them become fearful of us.
What are they scared of? Maya asks.
They worry we will use our abilities against them, Aria says.
Why would any of us do that? Maya asks with disbelief and a slight laugh, What is the point?
Humans are aggressive and so they assume that all people are aggressive or have that potential. We have never even thought about the need to defend ourselves for centuries. Lucky for us your father and I found the biosynth fleet.  They agreed to use their superior technology to protect us and in return we will help them with their goals. Aria glances out the transparent bulkhead, her eyes suddenly distant as memories flood her mind.
I heard Daddy talking to the admiral about something being wrong. He thinks there are many witchkin and humans who are against a treaty. He thinks the witch hunters are planning something.
The witch hunters are just a cult group looking to make a name for themselves, I can't see how they could threaten us. We dealt them a significant blow. Your father has always been skeptical of treaties, but the biosynths are very powerful. Most of our people understand that in order to survive we are going to have to change our ways and accept outside help, Aria explains. Aria gasps and points. See?
A burst of energy fires from Blade's nostrils, travels ahead of the fleet and bursts into a giant sparking blue portal.
Wow! Maya gasps.
We will be in orbit in just a few moments, Aria promises.
Warrior and the rest of the fleet slip through the sparking event horizon.
Following the usual brief sensation of floating in white space, the fleet appears above a world with a slightly purplish glow. A single continent is visible floating in a purple ocean and bright flashes of light can be seen all over it along with rising gray clouds. 
Aria realizes what she is seeing and gasps. What the fuck? She asks aloud with alarm. 
Suddenly, four of the five dragon ships outside the transparent bulkheads burst in bright flashes of light, two of them split in half, the others come apart as if they were constructed of paper soaked in gasoline and were lit on fire. The decks beneath their feet suddenly lurch, pulling mother and daughter off their feet and onto their backs. Immediately protective armor scales drop down over the transparent bulkhead and a loud klaxon sounds.
Hull breach, damage control to main engineering, Warrior's frantic voice sounds over the speakers in the room.
Maya, Aria!  Evacuate, get to the life pods, now! Jason Drake's voice booms in their minds. He uses the special psychic channel of their family. 
Aria stands quickly and yanks Maya to her feet. We have to go, now! Aria says with authority.
Something went wrong, like Daddy said it would, Maya states with worry.
Aria looks at her daughter with horrified surprise. Sometimes he's right. We have to survive now and do what the captain says, Aria states as she takes Maya's hand and leads her into the main hallway. A half dozen biosynth warriors have mustered in the hall, including Red. 
Red looks at Aria and signals his men to wait. Commander, we have an internal hull breach, someone has sabotaged the ship, Red explains, his mechanical voice, troubled.
Where? Aria asks eagerly.
Engineering, my team is on the way to investigate, Red explains.
I should go with you, I might be able to detect other breaches, Aria says. She turns to Maya. Maya, get to an escape pod, they are right down that hall. I have to see to this.
Daddy told us both to go to the pods, Maya reminds her, her face full of fear. We have to do what the captain says!
Daddy doesn't always know what is going on from CIC. It is my duty to help. Get to the pods and leave. You know how to do that, we have drilled many times, Aria reminds her daughter. Hopefully we'll pick you up after this is over.
I can't leave you and Daddy behind, Maya declares defiantly with tears in her eyes.
Maya, promise me you will go, Aria demands. She looks back a Red, her eyes demanding he wait for her.
Maya sighs, Fine, I will go, but you better come back for me.
Hurry, Aria says.  She pulls Maya into her arms to hug her. I love you.
I love you too, Maya declares with a sob. Aria pries herself from Maya's arms then runs down the corridor with Red and the other biowarriors leading the way. 
Maya turns the other direction and runs down the main corridor passing the escape pod hatchways. Alarms are hooting and a light mist of smoke drifts through the upper portion of the deck. She passes a medical team carrying an injured crewmember as she moves toward the CIC hatchway that slides open upon her approach. She is greeted by smoke, more alarms and yelling.
...get us to attack posture and find me a target! Jason cries out anxiously. He is seated in the command chair, his fingers flying over a holoterminal as he reads information scrolling up a holoscreen.
Dad! Maya calls to him.
Jason turns and looks upon his daughter with horror. Maya, what are you doing here? I told you to get to the escape pod!
I'm staying with you, Maya declares defiantly.
Where is your Mom? Jason asks with annoyance.
She went with Red and his team to engineering. What is going on? Maya asks.
I don't have time for this! We are under attack, they have breached the hull and...
Captain! Warrior's voice sounds over the speakers. The Admiral is on emergency channel!
There is crackling over the speakers followed by the sound of someone coughing and wheezing. We are adrift... a female voice croaks. Captain Drake...you were right...we've been betrayed...
Admiral, we can get a tether on you, Jason declares hopefully. Jason signals the officer at the weapons control console who returns a nod.
It was sabotage, Captain. Retreat and regroup at Sanctuary. Watch your crew. They really screwed us, the Admiral states, her voice sounding pained and weak. There is screaming in the background and a terrible hissing sound.
Warrior! Get a tether on her ship, now! Jason orders frantically.
Captain...look, Warriors horrified voice replies.
The dragon's eye appears, floating in the center of the room. Jason and his crew look up at the screen, terror filling their eyes. Blade, flagship of the dragon fleet, is torn in two pieces. Geysers of air shoot out into space from large breaches. Bright spots around Blades ruptured abdomen and tail indicate an impending reactor explosion. In the distance beyond Blades corpse is the debris of four other dragon ships; hulls, scales, lifeless heads with mouths agape are floating in the vacuum. Beyond that, the surface of Irridani, the witchkin home world, is alight with bright flashes from hundreds of terrible explosions. Millions of witchkin are being vaporized.
I am the last, Warrior cries mournfully. My brothers and sisters are dead!
What the fuck happened? Jason demands. How is this possible?
All our damage is internal. There are no ships in orbit save us. Irridani's cities are being systematically destroyed by high yield thermonuclear detonations but I do not detect any missile launches, Warrior states, her voice catching as if about to cry. 
Why are we still flying? Jason asks. He looks to the environmental control station and the holoscreen displaying Warriors damage.
The damage did not destroy us yet, I would guess that whatever method they are using, failed to be as catastrophic as it was for Warriors voice trails off. There is a pause before Warrior continues. I am sensing an anomaly in my reactor, if they cannot stop it, the ship may explode anyway. Warriors tone is hopeless.
Jason looks around the CIC and sees Yeoman Solendria at her station studying a scan of Irridani on her holoscreen with what appears to be deep concern. Yeoman, take my daughter to an escape pod and get her the fuck out of here! Jasons orders harshly.
Daddy! Maya screams with shock.
Maya, you have to go, right now, someone has to survive this, Jason yells at her. Now go!
Solendria, a witchkin with funny frizzy red hair, narrow features and a jumpsuit that didn't seem to fit her well, was one of only two witchkin on the ship. She looks up from her console with annoyance and gazes at Jason with petulant eyes. Aria had mentioned to Jason how Solendria had joined their crew with much higher expectations than that of a yeoman. However when forming the witchkin treaty, the admiral insisted upon fairness when recruiting new officers to the fleet. Aria had proven herself during her time with the TDF and was offered the rank of Commander. However when Solendria joined the biosynth fleet, they wanted to ensure that new officers, witchkin, human or biosynth were given the opportunity to work their way up from the bottom, and prove themselves worthy of higher rankings. 
Jasons scowl deepened, angered by his yeomans hesitation.
With a heavy groan Solendria moves away from her console and snaps out her arm to grab Maya by the hand roughly.  
Yeoman, I know you have high expectations of yourself. Saving my daughter will definitely earn you some consideration, but fuck this up and youll earn something else. Jason states, his hand resting on the butt of his pistol.
Solendria offers Jason a toothy sarcastic grin. She pulls Maya out through the hatchway. 
Let me go! Take your hand off me bitch! Youre hurting me! Daddy! Maya screams in protest. 
Solendria, angry and frustrated, puts her hand on Maya's forehead and ejects some will into her brain. Maya's eyes roll back into her head and Solendria scoops the unconscious girl up into her arms.
Maya's memories suddenly become a fuzzy, clouded mess. There is a buzzing noise and suddenly, with no explanation, she finds herself standing on what would appear to be a ruined world. It is unbearably hot and Maya looks around in wonder. In the distance huge burning pillars of fire are rising many kilometers into the sky. A forest burns with tongues of flames rising up over charred and ashen trees. Steam rises above a boiling lake. 
Maya, She hears her father's voice. 
Quickly she turns to see him standing a few feet away, holding his pistol, with a strange grin on his face.
Father? What are we doing here? Is this Irridani? Maya asks, deeply frightened.
Maya, I betrayed the witchkin. I can't have them tainting the galaxy with their magic. Eventually they would rule us and we would be their slaves, I can't allow that, Jason confesses. 
What are you talking about? You know that isn't true, Maya sobs. She looks around at the destruction and asks, You did all of this? How?
It doesn't matter. I can't let you live. You are an abomination. I will keep your mother around, for amusement, but you can't live. We can't have any more of your kind in the galaxy, eventually you will just enslave us, Jason replies as if he were reading from the witch hunter's manifesto. He raises his pistol and takes aim at his daughter. Goodbye, he says with an evil smile.
What? Maya asks with confusion.
Her father's pistol sounds like a cannon and the bullet penetration into her shoulder is powerful enough to lift her off her feet and blow her back several meters. She lands roughly, in a pile of burning radioactive ash. Gasping for air, Maya writhes in the burning ash and sobs in pain. Her lungs are on fire. She rolls and sees her father walking away. She doesn't know how long it was before Solendria came, it felt like forever, but Solendria knelt next to Maya and applied healing magic to sooth her pain. Soon Maya was unconscious.

*****
Maya snaps her eyes open and finds herself suspended in the air at the top of a rocky cavern. She looks down to see Solendria gazing up at her furiously. In her mind she hears the last word of her father, Goodbye, repeating over and over.
Maya, what have you been up to? Solendria asks stiffly.
I was torturing my father, before you interrupted me, Maya states simply.
I didn't even know you could do that. What a clever girl you are, extending your mind to the astral and pulling your father in like that, Solendria grins angrily.
I'm sorry empress, I had an opportunity, so I took it, Maya explains.
Did he say anything to you? Solendria asks menacingly.
I was about to kill him when you stopped me, Maya stated with a raised eyebrow.
Really, Solendria replies doubtfully. But you didn't answer my question, did he speak to you?
No, I didn't let him speak, he has nothing I want to hear, Maya lies viciously.
Very good, he would only lie to save his own life anyway, Solendria states. However, I highly recommend you don't do that ever again. Solendria sends a wave a pain through the child's mind.
Maya gasps then screams. She feels like her skull has split open and her brains are oozing out the rough cracks. Yes, please! Maya screams. I wont do it again!
Good girl, Solendria states. She lowers the girl to the rocky floor where she collapses, gasping for air.
To the girls left and against the rocky wall, Lance moans and starts to stir, he raises his skinless arm to rub the back of his exposed skull with the exposed muscles of his hand. He croaks wetly. 
Maya looks at the noise and gasps with fright at the living nightmare.
That's just Prince Lance, he had a run in with your father. See how cruel your father is? Solendria asks sarcastically.
Maya comes to her feet and slowly turns to face Solendria. Yes, how cruel, Maya agrees nervously. Maya clenches her fists.
You are his enemy, don't ever forget that, Solendria warns. She extends her hand and obediently Maya takes it. Come child, I want to show you something important. I want to show you how we are going to properly punish your father and all the traitors to our people. No treaty with the humans or those abominable biosynths could have resulted in anything but our destruction. The witchkin will rule this galaxy. We don't need help. Let me show you. Solendria leads the girl out of the vault through the open door.
Lance, groans wetly and rises to his feet. His empty eye sockets suddenly blaze with madness and pain. His third eye shimmers into appearance in his bloody forehead. Lance growls with anger and defiance, his chest heaving as he rises to his feet. Bitch! he curses angrily.
Solendria leads the girl down a rocky cavernous tunnel that ends at a huge set of metal doors marked DOCKING BAY in large black letters. With a loud clank, noisy mechanical gears raise the door. A huge wide flat metal gangway is revealed. Solendria leads them down the gangway and into a monstrous cavernous hollow with rock walls similar to those found in the tunnels and the vault.
With awe, Maya looks up at the huge spherical jump ship towering above them and can see the edges of what must be the biggest set of round dock doors she has ever seen, much bigger than those on Sanctuary. 
Solendria yanks the girl about and then points to an area next to where Solendria's jumpship is docked. Suspended in the air by powerful red glowing gravity tethers is a huge metal dragon. Pieces of the destroyed dragon fleet welded together in order to make one large monstrosity. Looking upon it, Maya can clearly make out different styles and colors of scale about its large body and chest. Various tubes attached to the beast pump life into it as bright lights glare from its reddish eyes. Clearly the head is that of Blade, largest of the former dragon fleet, but the neck and chest is a combination of several dragons. Maya gasps at the sight of it.
It is twice the size of Warrior and is almost fully functional, all she needs is her cerebral cortex and a personality profile. She will crush Warrior and end the biosynth scourge, Solendria promises confidently.
How did you do this? Maya asks with wonder. Biosynth technology is beyond our capabilities.
Nothing is beyond our capability, child, we are witchkin, Solendria reminds her.

Chapter Ten

Valerie steps onto the empty CIC. Another silver stripe has been added below the dragon insignia on her uniform. She looks around. Many of the holoterminals and holoscreens are powered down, but all the running lights are on. The damage from the incident on Neo Utopia has disappeared. Valerie walks to the command chair and sits. 
Warrior, Lieutenant Encino is on the deck and taking command to execute transfer from Dragon Medical Bay to Docking Bay One, Valerie states. She activates the command holoterminal and the dragon's eye. Valerie looks up at the display to see the closed dock doors ahead of them.
Congratulations on your promotion lieutenant, Warrior states over the speakers. Lieutenant Encino is in command.
Thank you Warrior, but we lost many officers on Neo Utopia, my advancement was out of necessity, Valarie states humbly.
You are proving yourself well beyond expectations I assure you, Warrior replies. If they didnt think you could do it, you wouldnt be wearing those stripes.
The new staff will board from Dock One, Valeria states, changing the subject. Commander Eaglewolf told me you wanted to speak with me? 
An excellent opportunity, good idea lieutenant, Warrior states happily. I just wanted to thank you for your very skilled operation of my systems while I was injured. You handled the situation very well.
Thank you, I appreciate that, Valerie says. It has always been my desire to perform my duty with distinction. I just never considered command before.
Well said, Lieutenant, I see great things in your future, Warrior replies. I hope you are given more opportunity to command.
I was actually frightened at first, but as the situation became more dire I found I just started performing and the fear went away, Valerie replied. She smiles and shakes her head.
I think it would be a natural career choice for you, Warrior suggests.
Valerie smiles warmly and taps her CU. Warrior command to dock control, we are ready for transfer, please open Dragon Medical Bay door. Pilot, please take us out.
Pilot is ready. Engaging propulsion, Warrior declares.

*****
Jason had been sitting on his uncomfortable barstool for sometime, oblivious to the passage of time. Several times he tried to manifest something else to sit on, but they either fell apart or appeared two-dimensional. The barstool was the only thing that remained solid.
Jason?  Aria says from behind him.
Jason turns to see Aria, dressed in a long blue gown that clings to her tall slim body perfectly and erotically, accentuating her natural and beautiful curves. 
No imagination, huh. Check out my digs, Jason states sarcastically.
Very nice, my love, Aria says with a smile. What happened to the rest of it? I thought you said...
It wasn't mine and it wasn't yours either, Jason replies getting off the stool. The stool wobbles a bit then vanishes, leaving them standing in white space.
Who then? Aria asks.
When you were in Astral House, did you ever see Maya? Jason asks.
Aria frowns angrily and asks, Why are you asking that? Why are you trying to be cruel to me? She turns her back on Jason and closes her eyes. She haunts me, Jason.
You didn't believe it was actually her, Jason states as a matter of fact. I saw her too.
Jason, stop this, Aria yells. I can't do this again, it's over. She turns back toward Jason, her fists clenched.
We thought it was over, but it isn't. We both saw her escape pod explode and we both assumed she was inside it. Do you remember Solendria, the yeoman?
The bitchy witchkin officer who wanted to run the ship all the time, of course, but...
I ordered her to take Maya to the pod, then I went after you to engineering and that's when we found the witch hunters, Jason reminds her.
I know all this, Aria sobs with frustration.
They destroyed Maya's pod before we could stop them...
Then I tore them to pieces, Aria curses through gritted teeth.
Yes, very messily, there are still stains down there, but you are missing the point.  Maya was not in that pod, neither was Solendria.
What? Aria questions doubtfully.
Maya was here, in the astral.  She told me she serves an empress named Solendria. Maya thinks I tried to kill her, she remembers me shooting her, Jason says quickly.
Youd never do that. You didnt, Aria sighs with exasperation. She looks away, her mouth agape trying to process this new information.
I think Solendria imprinted a false memory into her head, Jason explains. That isn't beyond the capabilities of a witchkin, is it? You can implant a memory?
It is very difficult to do and would require the subject to be unconscious, but as real as the memory would seem any small thing would easily discount the memory as false, Aria explains. It's not something we would usually attempt except perhaps for therapeutic healing or as a training tool, but
Which is why she was told to never speak with me directly, Jason states with an angry smile. That fucking bitch.
Aria suddenly stares at Jason with wide eyes. She suddenly gasps and falls to her knees. The realization finally hits her. Oh my god! Jason, she's alive! I didn't believe it; I thought she was part of my mind. I thought I was torturing myself. I just ignored her. How could I not know?
Aria! Solendria is behind all of this. She got Petranis out of his cell, gave him the weapons and gave him temporary witchkin powers. She probably got hold of your beacon somehow and rigged it. She was trying to take us all out. She knew you would call for me. Jason reaches down and helps Aria to stand on her feet.  Aria throws her arms around Jason's neck for support.
Jason, she's alive, she's alive, Aria sobs happily.
We have to get her back, Jason states angrily. How long till I'm out of the soup?
Jason, I just came to tell you, they are almost done. You've been in there for five days, Aria pulls back. We have to go, we have to get her back!
Right now, Jason agrees emphatically. Is Warrior ready?
She's been ready and scratching at the dock doors for forty-eight hours. The crew is on standby, Aria states.
Tell Dresden to make it quick, we have to leave, now, Jason says anxiously. 
He quickly pulls his wife to him and hugs her. We can still fix this, we can still make this right.
*****
Now Doctor! Aria screams over the speakers.
Commander, with all due respect, the captain has been unconscious for almost a week and has gone through significant biosynthetic alterations; simply waking him without proper tests is unethical and irresponsible, Doctor Dresden states authoritatively.
Look Doctor, I don't have time to explain. I have every confidence in you and Doctor Hartman. Jason needs to wake and resume his duties immediately, Aria states emphatically within the Doctor's mind.
Startled the doctor jumps and holds his hands to his ears. Please, Commander I wish you wouldn't do that, Dresden shuts his eyes, shaking with fright.
Then don't make me. Wake up the captain, Aria orders stiffly.
Doctor Dresden looks over at the floating biosynthetic doctor and says, well, she is very stubborn about this, I apologize, Doctor.
Actually, I see no need for further testing, the regeneration and implantation appears to have been very successful and his bioscans all appear positive, Doctor Hartman intones happily. Enthusiastically Doctor Hartman gives Dresden four thumbs up.
Dresden's jaw drops. You are supposed to be on my side. Empirical observation and testing is the only way to ensure the success of this procedure.
Relax doctor, over testing is a waste of time and resources under the current circumstance. In my time, biosynthetic integration has been a proven science for hundreds of years, Doctor Hartman states softly and patiently.
Dresden makes an unhappy face. Fine, he whispers. He steps up to the huge holoscreen where the three dimensional image of Jason continues to spin. He taps a couple of holobuttons. The image brightens and an alarm sounds. A cylinder slides out from a circular hatchway beneath the transparent bulkheads. The cylinder cracks in half and slides open revealing the naked captain.  His skin has a strange bluish hue with a slight glow. He is also, alarmingly, completely hairless.
Oh my, Captain Drake isn't going to like that, Dresden observes running his hand over his baldhead, a slight smirk on his face.
With lightening speed, Jason grabs the doctors hand, gripping it painfully. I'm not going to like what? Jason asks stiffly.
Dresden winces as he speaks. Careful captain, with your upgrades you could shatter my arm, please let go, Dresden begs frantically and painfully.
Jason suddenly sits up, releasing the doctor, who gratefully inspects his arm.  Jason's eyes snap open revealing crystal irises with a subtle blue glow. Jason's jaw drops as he looks around. What did you do to my eyes? Jason demands.
Your eyes were destroyed so we had them replaced with biosynth augmentations. Oh, is your HUD already online? Dresden asks. You should be able to turn that off at will, you have an integrated CPU which is similar but much superior to your old com-unit.
Don't tell me I need an instruction manual to use my own eyes, Jason growls.
Actually, Doctor Hartman did include several files to assist you, Dresden replies.  He looks up at the holoscreens with fascination as the data starts to steadily flow.
Captain Drake, I must say it is very good to see you up and looking very healthy, considering the manner in which you came to us. I do hope my detailed instruction files will help you to acquaint yourself with your biosynthetic augmentations, Doctor Hartman states calmly.
Jason looks at the floating doctor and frowns saying, You know, I can see right through you, and inside you...hell I can tell what you had for breakfast...you eat food?
Doctor Hartman chuckles, I am a biosynthetic organism, of course I need nourishment.
Jason swings himself off the floating bench and finds he must steady himself.  Am I taller? Jason asks with alarm. What the hell did you eggheads do to me?
With all due respect, captain, we not only repaired you, we made you so much better. You are going to love all the modifications we made. Just wait and see. In a month you will be ready to return to duty, Dresden states enthusiastically, his eyes brimming with the hope Jason will listen to him.
We don't have a month, doctor, Jason replies angrily.
Doctor Dresden sighs with annoyance. How did I know you were going to say that? Captain, there is no way in hell you can assume your duties until you have learned and practiced all your abilities, it is far to dangerous.
An announcement tone chimes over the speakers. Attention, this is Commander Eaglewolf, Warrior departure in twenty minutes, all Warrior crew members report to your stations and make ready, Arias voice announces over the speakers. All hands make ready for combat operations. All biowarriors to full combat status and standby for emergency drop.
Sounds like you have exactly twenty minutes to bring me up to speed, doctor, Jason says with a smirk.
Oh...Hellfire! Dresden retorts angrily.

*****
Maya slowly opens her eyes. She squints painfully at six bright lights, set in a circular housing, glaring brightly into her face. She tries to lift her arms but feels her wrists are restrained. Her legs also do not move on command; panic grips her heart. She struggles and twists upon a cold metal table. Looking about she sees industrial shelving, with medical equipment, stacked against grey metal bulkheads. Maya makes the assumption she is in the medical lab on Solendrias jumpship.
She's awake, a male says with surprise.
I told you it wasn't enough, a harsher male voice replies.
You dont know anymore than I do, the first voice accuses.
Maya cranes her head about and sees two men dressed in white lab coats standing next to a portable cart with surgical equipment piled on top of it, including an ugly looking mechanical saw. A noisy door clanks open.
Oh good, you haven't started yet, Solendria's voice intones gratefully. I didn't want to miss this.
Empress, Prince Lance killed the anesthesiologist and the patient is awake, one of the doctors laments.
Oh dear. I assume this setback wont delay the procedure? Solendria asks whimsically.
Yes but...the pain...we will need to restrain her better, the pain will make her twist about while we open her skull, the other reports with dread.
Well, see what you can do about tying her down better, Solendria replies without concern. Solendria's face comes into Maya's view, looking down at her from above. Hello child, you are about to undergo an amazing operation, sorry it might be painful for you, it would seem we are one person short, but that can't be helped, Solendria explains cheerfully.
Liar! Maya accuses viciously. My father didn't shoot me.
Now, now lets not get ugly. It is so unbecoming a young lady. Of course I wouldn't expect anything less from a half-breed. Of course Im not surprised you broke through the memory implant. Speaking of lying, you lied when you told me you didn't speak to your father, but you did, didn't you? Solendria grins down at the helpless child, stroking the hair out of her face.
What are you going to do? Maya demands with a scream, pushing herself up off the table but falling back down.
I will tell you exactly what we are going to do and it is going to be a marvelous thing. I think you will be most pleased. Do you remember what I told you about my dragonship and what it needed to work? Solendria asks.
Maya suddenly gasps. You can't be serious, she says with alarm.
You are so quick. That's right! You are going to be a dragon. What do you think of that? Solendria asks in the most demeaning tone she can muster.
Even if you stick my brain in that thing, I won't serve you. I will tear you to pieces, Maya promises her eyes wild with hatred.
Oh you won't remember anything my child, you will be the first witchkin biosynthetic dragon and you will decimate Warrior and your parents without any hesitation. I've spent the last two years preparing for this, extracting every tiny bit of information about Warrior from your brain while piecing chunks of wreckage together. In the vault, I've been synchronizing your mind with our dragon's biotechs; you will be a most formidable opponent. All I need now is to put your brain into the dragon's cortex chamber, erase your memories and replace them with new ones. You will believe you've always been a witchkin dragon. Imagine, the superiority of a biosynthetic dragonship combined with the magical abilities of a powerful witchkin. You will be no match for Warrior and we will be rid of the biosynths at last. With them out of the way, and you backing me up, I can begin the enslavement of man and take my throne, Solendria declares happily.
You are completely crazy! You destroyed your people, your world and wiped out the most powerful force in the galaxy to invent a throne for yourself, Maya retorts with surprise and hatred.
Humans were responsible for the destruction of our world child. It was a failed attempt at genocide, pure and simple. With our numbers so close to extinction our people needed a leader and I am the obvious choice. Just as you once were completely loyal to me, so are hundreds of others and they all want the same thing. They want justice. They want to see humanity on their knees for what they did to us, Solendria points out. There are many witchkin such as myself who feel we should be ruling this galaxy. We are, after all, superior to any other race and we deserve the respect that comes with that reality.
That is not our way! Witchkin are peaceful, Maya reminds her.
And what did our peaceful disposition gain us? Humans spent an entire year setting up nuclear weapons all over Irridani, while we welcomed them into our homes and lives. Some witchkin hand-fasted with them and had children with them. It was our tendency to trust that allowed that to happen. Clearly humans cannot be trusted and deserve to be our slaves. Besides, there were many survivors, it is your mother's arrogance that she would think she was the last of her kind. There are more than enough witchkin to restore what we were and take our place at the top of the sentient hierarchy. I may even decide Earth will be our new home world, Solendria declares grandly. She turns her back on Maya to see the two doctors staring at her, visibly frightened. No time to waste gentleman, we have a brain to extract, Solendria states gleefully clapping her hands.
They don't know what they are doing. Look at them. You will never get that thing to work, Maya says confidently.
We salvaged all kinds of things in the wreckage of your fleet, little girl, we know exactly what we are doing, Solendria assures, glancing over her shoulder.
You lied to me to get what you wanted from me, Maya says through clenched teeth. You did two things wrong with the memory you put in my head.  First, my father would never say goodbye to his enemy before blowing them away.
And the second thing? Solendria asks with an amused smirk.
He would never turn his back on an enemy unless he knew for certain they were dead, Maya states.
Solendria grunts and starts to laugh but then suddenly stops, her eyes widening. She looks past the two frightened scientists at a strange looking lifeless black cylinder sitting on a shelf. The transmitter! Its off! Solendria gasps.
One of the doctors looks back at the device. She was asleep, he says simply. 
Quickly and suddenly Maya pulls her will and injects it into a shrill and powerful scream that lifts Solendria and both doctors into the air and throws them against the grey medical lab wall along with the utility cart. Horrid surgical tools clang to the floor. 
Maya gazes at her restraints, which begin to glow.
Solendria, dazed, shakes her head and starts to stand up off the lab floor.
Maya's restraints shatter like glass. She leaps from the table landing painfully on Solendria's back pushing her into the deck and making her gasp for air.  
Maya feels the Empress Solendria gathering a tremendous amount of witchkin energy. Her usual subtlety has been undone by pure rage. Fearfully the young witchkin quickly directs a burst of energy at the metal lab doors causing them to blow open noisily. She uses the rest of her will to execute a flying leap through the opening. Maya sprints clear of the sudden explosive destruction of the entire lab wall and Solendria's insane screams of fury. 
Sprinting around the curving deck, an alarm finally sounds and Maya encounters two tactical armored guards, looking confused and disoriented at the sight of a young girl, dressed in a blue surgery gown, running toward them. 
Maya doesn't pause, she gathers some will and releases two sharp pushes that send both soldiers sprawling to the deck, weapons flying out of their grips. Maya passes the guards who are busy gasping for air. She quickly turns down a sub-corridor that leads down to the next level. Maya has a very good idea where she must go, although she isn't quite sure what to do once she gets there. Taking a narrow maintenance corridor she emerges inside a great airlock. The giant loading dock doors are open and beyond them is the great docking bay of Pan Amalthea. Maya sprints toward the great gangway that separates the jumpship from the interior of the research station. Halfway down the gangway, Maya stops, turns and looks up. The monstrous dragonship hangs from the rocky ceiling by glowing gravity tethers. She follows the red energy beams to the emitters in the dock ceiling. Maya smiles. She snaps her arms down at her sides. Her hands start to glow green with the power of the will she gathers.
Finally, a terrible voice croaks and reverberates through the huge cavern. An insane figure of pain and hatred drops down onto the massive gangway between Maya and the loading dock doors of Solendrias jumpship. Lance stands, bent at the knees, with his arms held straight at his sides, his empty eye sockets glowing, his third eye staring insanely, his exposed muscles glistening, his exposed skull bleeding, his mouth dripping saliva. Oh I have big plans for you, my pretty little bitch! Lance promises. He tips back his head and screams in victory while gathering his will. Lightning crackles between his fingertips.

Chapter Eleven

Jupiter fills the sky around the asymmetrical red moon, Amalthea; at it's equator and facing toward space, it's largest crater, named Pan, has a gigantic metal door fixed into its porous rock. Just beyond the reach of the gas giant's massive gravity well an event horizon crackles into existence and Warrior flies through it, flapping its massive wings, for show. Warrior dives toward the red moon; it's eyes crimson fury. Suddenly, two massive blue energy bolts fire from near the dock doors and narrowly miss Warrior as she twists and turns out of the way at the last second.
Aria, seated in the command chair in CIC, watches the dragon's eye with interest as the pulses continue to fire. Thats some security system for a science station. Warrior, do you have this? she asks with curiosity rather than concern.
These are not standard terran weapons commander. At this distance we are fine, but once I enter the gravity well I am going to have a hard time getting past them, Warrior replies with annoyance.
The command crew was replaced at Sanctuary. While they are all very skilled and operate their stations attentively, each one shows great concern at what is being said. Lieutenant Valerie Encino sits at the weapons console, having completed her training download and is now the most experienced officer in the CIC, with the exception of Aria.  
Warrior, Pan's defenses appear to be a variation of biosynth pulse cannons, Valerie reports with surprise.
How is that possible? Aria asks with confusion.
They have somehow reversed engineered a pulse cannon or they have modified an existing emitter, it is very disturbing, Warrior replies over the speakers. First a witchkin opponent and now biosynth technology.
Aria frowns. She taps her CU, Captain, we are approaching Pan Amalthea but we are under fire. I suggest translocation.
You would, Jason complains in her ear. I need my full squad.
Aria whispers in her lover's mind, Jason, if Maya is there...
I will bring her home, or I won't be back, Jason assures her.
I need you both back, Aria states angrily.
Get me inside, I will do the rest, Jason states confidently.
Aria looks at the dragon's eye and sees a volley of pulse fire streaming toward them. The objects on the screen spin about as Warrior dodges and sweeps around the incoming fire, the inertia contained in the protective suppression field about the interior of the ship. Warrior, I need you to get into translocation range, Aria orders.
Warrior sighs over the speakers. I welcome the challenge, Commander, really I do.
*****
Jason grits his teeth as a rush of wind howls in his mind. He feels himself flying through space and passing through solid rock. It is the strangest sensation that he will never get used to. As the rush and deafening sound subside the world comes into view with his new and improved biosynthetic eyes. Jason gasps at the sight of his daughter, pinned against a rocky cavern wall, her arms outstretched, her face strained, a rapidly depleting green witchkin shield sparking and shimmering around her as Lance unleashes a powerful stroke of lighting from both his hands and all three eyes into the shield.  
Jason is wearing sleek, black tactical armor normally reserved for human trooper squads. The blue skin of his face and hands have a dim glow, his bald head a slight sheen. Standing just behind Jason is Red and five biowarriors.
Jason reaches to his thigh where his new pistol is strapped. The weapon is twice the size of his old one, insanely heavy and filled with nothing but trouble. With his new strength, Jason rips his pistol from the holster and takes aim with lightening speed and inhuman precision. Fuck him up, Jason cries to his warriors.
Each biowarrior growls while swiftly bringing up their rifles and yanking on their triggers. The cavern is suddenly filled with thunderous reports of violent weapons fire while a wall of metal slugs scream toward the deformed witchkin named Lance.
Lance is almost reduced to hamburger meat but his lightning attack quickly converts to a lightning shield. Vaporizing the slugs, producing an odd screeching sound that adds to the thunder of weapons fire. Lance furiously screams beneath the din, frustrated at once again being denied his savage vengeance. Unrelenting, the biowarriors maintain a constant stream of fire on the insane witchkin.
Maya, staggers away from the cavern wall. Her eyes flutter as she quickly regains her strength. She turns toward her father. Dad? she questions with surprise. What happened to your face?
Jason frowns and uses his hand to coax her to move quickly toward him.
Maya begins to sprint. She is halfway to him when Solendria appears just on the inside of the loading dock door.  
Dad! Maya screams
Jason, hearing the warning in Maya's voice and seeing the fear in her eyes, spins about in flash. 
A blast of energy leaves Solendria's fingertips, her lips scowling, and her eyes raging with hatred. Jason leaps aside as the energy flies harmlessly passed him, but strikes Lance full on, vaporizing his shield and sending him spinning end over end into the cavern beyond the gangway and out of sight. 
Jason opens fire, his pistol delivering a slug every half-second. Red and his squad turn about and add to the deadly wall of metal slugs screaming toward Solendria's flesh.
Solendria pulls up her own shield, seconds before being rendered and torn to pieces. Behind her, a tactical team from the jumpship takes up positions at the loading dock door. Solendria backs up, straining to keep her shield in place. Skillfully, she grabs one of the biowarriors with her mind, lifts him up and flings him away into the cavern. Passing her soldiers, they begin to return fire.
Jason leaps away and shields his daughter, wrapping his arms about her. Hang on Maya! 
I'm sorry, Father...I'm sorry I believed her, Maya cries over the thunderous sound of weapons fire.
Jason turns, the HUD in his eyes zero in on a target. Jason lifts his pistol and squeezes the trigger; his slug passes the distance between the barrel and the face of a soldier in a split second, passing through the soldier's left eye and blowing his brains out the back of his shattered skull and splattering the mess against the metal of the dock entrance. Daddy is working right now, sweetheart, we can talk about that latter, Jason explains casually. Gripping Maya, Jason leaps away from an enemy volley and lands behind Red, who is taking fire, his metal skin getting dented by inferior metal slugs.  
Red's rifle thunders it's slugs into a soldier who poorly chooses to step out of cover in time to be decapitated. Red looks over his shoulder at the Captain cradling his daughter protectively. Sir, we can handle these soldiers, Red says with contempt. But it isn't safe for the child here.
Not a child! Maya quickly corrects with a frown.
I can see that, Jason quips, a slug ricocheting off the rock wall close by. Maya, can you get us out of here? Can you get us back to Warrior?
I would need to know where Warrior is...and even then...I've never tried to...well even with just me...last time, I forgot my clothes, Maya stammers, her eyes worried.
Open our channel to your mom, Jason suggests. Again Jason turns and fires instinctively, a plume of blood, skull and brain flashing onto the dock doorframe as a soldier crumples to the gangway. From beyond the dock door the sound of heavy footsteps are heard.
Maya's eyes widen with fear, she yells to her father, oh no! Dad we have got to go right now!  
What is it? Jason asks, quickly looking up and around Red.
Abomination, Red growls.
The soldiers have moved aside and standing in the dock door is a massive, metal, eight-foot biowarrior with spinning barrels where hands should be on the ends of its bulky arms. In the center of its forehead is a single red glowing eye.  It growls defiantly as it brings up its insanely big guns and takes aim.

*****
Warrior extends her legs, her massive wings outstretched as she touches down on the far surface of Amalthea. Her sharp claws, made of a densely hard composition, dig into the porous rock. Steadily, Warrior begins crawling along the surface, making her way toward Pan and the massive doors. Behind her, the eye of the massive gas giant, Jupiter, watches.
Aria is standing, arms crossed, her face scowling with concern as she watches the dragon's eye, which displays their progress across Amalthea on a digital map. Close by, Lieutenant Encino studies a data stream, her biosynth eyes absorbing the information instantly. 
Aria glances over at her weapons officer, what do you think?
Warrior got one good scan, Valerie explains. It is definitely one of our emitters.
What? Where did it come from? Aria asks with disbelief, a laugh escaping her throat.
We don't stockpile weapons. We can build an emitter quickly and easily if need be, but we usually just repair them, Valerie replies. According to our records this emitter had been installed on Dragonship Cloud.
They salvaged the wreckage of our fleet, Aria replies with surprised disbelief.
It also explains their ability to jump, Valerie notes. 
Aria turns her attention back to the dragon's eye. I cant believe they were able to get them working without biotechs. Warrior, did you hear that?
I did, Warrior replies tersely. The desecration of my brother's body will not go unpunished.
I'm sorry Warrior, Aria states sadly.
Now that we know they are ours, we should be able to turn them off, Valerie states. Unless they are more clever than we give them credit for.
Sounds like a plan to me. Warrior... Aria suddenly steps back holding her hands at her head. Aria moans with pain.
Momma! Maya screams in Aria's mind.
Baby, don't scream, you are hurting me, Aria replies. She groans feeling like her skull is full of sharp shards of glass.
Valerie taps her CU, Dr. Dresden to CIC!  She orders.
I didn't know how far away you were...Momma we are going to get cut to ribbons, we need to get out of here, right now, Maya cries, still much louder than needed.
Hang on, Maya, I need to get us closer...we have a plan. Aria, gasping from the pain, lowers her hands. Warrior, we need to get to the gate and extract our people. Valerie do what you need to do to turn off those emitters, Aria announces aloud.
I hope this works, Valerie mumbles skeptically.
Maya, we are on the way, Aria sends out the thought.

*****
Skinless, slippery Lance climbs the sheer rock wall of the docking cavern, digging his metal fingertips and metal toes into the hard rock. Filled with rage, he gathers his will and uses it to propel himself the remaining distance to the gangway. Grabbing a cold metal support beam, he swings himself up, performs a somersault and lands on his feet on the metal deck of the gangway. 
The eight-foot mechanical terror lays down a steady stream of fire with both barrels; a deafening screeching sound fills the cavern. Two of Red's biowarriors are sliced in half and leaking fluids all over the deck while the remaining four attempt to return fire while dodging. Jason holds Maya protectively while using one of the fallen biowarriors for cover. 
No, Lance screams. They are mine! Lance draws his will once more then thrusts his hands forward, a beam of red energy snakes out from his open palms and strikes Eight Foot in the chest. The metal monstrosity screams before exploding. Metal bits along with fleshy interior parts spray in all directions while the rest crumbles to the deck. Two soldiers caught in the blast are torn to pieces and messily slop to the deck in a pool of red fluids. The blast sets off an emergency protocol which forces the huge loading dock doors to slam and seal shut, a spinning red light activating above the closed entrance.
Jason rises to his feet, his pistol gripped firmly in his hand. He regards this new threat with serious blue glowing eyes, while wondering how something can survive without skin. Maya takes her father's free hand, but her mind appears to be elsewhere as she looks away at some unseen thing in the rocky ceiling above them.
Lance lurches forward, his eyes scanning Jason up and down. Oh my look at you. They fixed you up so nice. Such lovely flesh and what beautiful eyes you have, Lance gurgles then starts to giggle; a deeply insane giggle mixed with hatred and pain. He chokes on the sound, coughs and spits a wad of blood and plasma onto the deck.
Lance? Jason asks with disbelief. You look like shit, Princess.
Oh how sweet, you remember my name, Lance groans painfully. Lance straightens and moves his body into a grotesque pose, modeling his horribly deformed body for Jason as if he were a runway model. What do you think, lover? Like my new look? My doctor used some of your fancy stuff but guess what? Lance places two fingers against his chin, saliva leaking from between his exposed teeth. They did not seem to have the same success that your doctor obviously had, cause you look just fabulous, yummy even. I mean seriously, you are so very close to being my type now, Lance says with a sigh.  
I certainly hope you are not looking for sympathy, Jason states. In his HUD Jason scans the visage of horror and places two target cross hairs on its body and one centered on his glowing third eye.
Oh don't be silly. I know you smelly monkeys could care less about what happens to any of us witchkin, after all you slope-headed Neanderthals tried to blast us into oblivion. No, I'm just making conversation and savoring the moment, cause the only thing that really keeps me going is my insatiable desire to hunt you primates to extinction. Lance changes his pose, bending his legs at the knees and snapping his arms down at his sides. Jason, honey, this is going to be painful, try not to scream to much. Gathering his will, his heart filled with hatred and pain, Lance draws power down his arms as a bright red nimbus glows around his hands.
Seconds from death, Maya looks up at her father. And away we go, she says in his head.
Lance sends forth his power while gritting his teeth and laughing insanely. The energy blasts a huge hole into the gangway where Jason, Maya, Red and three biowarriors once stood. Lance stops his attack and peers at the hole with surprise. His body begins to shake with frustration and rage.
The dock doors to Solendria's jumpship suddenly glide back up into the ceiling, sped along by Solendrias will. Idiot! Solendria screams as she steps through the opening and over the body parts of her prototype biowarrior. She marches across the gangway toward Lance, stopping at the hole he burned into the metal deck. They got away! Didn't you feel that? She was working with her mother! You could have blocked them! Instead, you have a parlay with them! You need to focus on our objective and stop trying to play with them. You didn't even kill their captain, their human captain. Whats wrong with you?
Did you happen to notice how he looked? Lance asks with awe. He is beautiful! I am ugly and he is beautiful, how the fuck is that fair?
Lance you need to stop thinking about yourself. I almost had her back. We need her to fly our ship, now what are we going to do? The dragonship isn't enough. It must have witchkin power. It is the only edge we have to defeat them. Without it, we are just a bunch ofrefugees! Solendria screams with fury, while raising her hands above her head. We are poised and ready to take out the terran fleet and decimate their world, but we cannot win if Warrior still flies. We are no match for their technology, but they are no match for witchkin magic. We can enslave the humans; it is what they deserved after what they did to us. But you are destroying our plan!
I don't give a shit about any of you morons. How long have you been messing with their broken crap and look at the result, look at the difference between him and me! The only thing I care about is killing them! None of your plans have worked. Neo Utopia was supposed to be the end of them, yet she still flies and Drake not only lives, he looks amazing. Lance looks away and up where hanging in the cavern is the patchwork monstrosity, the witchkin dragonship.  Ive had enough of your plans. Im doing my own thing now, baby.
What are you doing? Stop! Solendria screams.
Lance shimmers and dissolves from sight.
Stupid bastard, Solendria curses under her breath.
A group of four soldiers race up the gangway from the dock door. Empress Solendria, the defense canons are down, the dragonship is moving into an attack run, we need to clear the docking bay.
Tell the bridge to clear our moorings and prepare an escape jump, Solendria orders with frustration. She turns and walks toward the dock doors, her men following.
*****
Lance moves through the skull of the dragonship formally known as Blade, although the head is attached to pieces of several other ships with different names. The interior of the ship smells of rot and death. Many biosynths and humans decayed in its dark corridors for over a year before they were removed; it is unlikely the smell will ever go away. 
Lance could care less about the smell, his ability to smell having been frozen along with much of his outer layers. He arrives at an open hatchway with the word Cortex written above it. Lance walks inside and finds one of Solendria's fat technicians dressed in a lab coat, studying a data stream on a sparking holoscreen with a confused look on his face. The room is dimly lit and cylindrical appearing. The curving wall is covered with various displays and open electrical access panels, where stiff black wiring hangs out. 
Seeing Lance, the technician utters a surprised scream and jumps back. 
I'm here with the brain, Lance states casually.
Oh, of course, the technician says nervously with a notable lisp. He then looks behind Lance with confusion, sorry sir, um...the brain?
Although impossible to tell when it happens, Lance grins. He lifts his hand and taps his own exposed skull at the top of his head, roughly, three times. It's in here, dumb ass, now let's get this over with before I decide to skull fuck you instead, Lance warns.
Sir, the brain...it needs to be extracted and then placed into the cortex receptacle, we can't do that here. The procedure is very exact, it won't work otherwise, the technician states, his body shaking.
Where is this receptacle? Lance asks, mimicking the technicians lisp.
The technician turns, presses some holobuttons and with a hiss a device lowers itself from the ceiling. It has four arms, each with long shiny metallic probes on each end along with various wires and tubes that wrap around the top of the mechanism. The receptacle, using those probes, makes the connection with the brain to the nodes of the ship. It then takes it up into the suspension tube, where the cortex will live for, if we are reading this right, several hundred years. The problem is that the brain and the ship's systems have to be synchronized, an elaborate process that takes a very long time. We had just completed the process with the girl. Sir, your brain has not been synchronized to these systems; we don't know what will happen. The results could be catastrophic. Besides, your brain is still in your head, sir, even if it were synchronized, we would still have to remove it in the medical lab and bring it back here.
And I thought this was going to be hard, Lance chuckles, fluid leaking down and dripping from his chin. Lance walks under the receptacle. He slides his hands up along his exposed skull, his metal fingertips searching. Finding the right spot and with surprising ease, Lance crunches his sharp metal fingertips into the bone and pulls his hands apart, producing a wet crunchy pop noise as Lance rips his skull open, exposing his wrinkled brain. Lance, his mouth agape, releases an ear piercing and chilling scream of excruciating pain while flinging the pieces of his skull away.
The technician screams, Son of a bitch! The technician jumps back, his eyes wide and his body shaking with terror.
Lance screams, start the procedure! Gasping and crying out he pushes his head up into the receptacle, then says something completely indecipherable but sounding simply horrid.
The technician, shaking and crying with fright, punches some buttons on a holoterminal and presses activation on his holoscreen. The receptacle whirs to life. Laser lights scan the surface of Lance's exposed brain for a second before the receptacle spins around. Very suddenly and wetly all four probes jam into Lance's exposed grey matter. His jaws wide, Lance screams in torment as loud as his throat allows, his arms flailing, electrical witchkin energy coursing up and down his arms and legs.  
The deck lurches beneath the technician's feet and he has to steady himself on the console. A steady hum begins to rise. Systems around the ship suddenly come to life. Lights start switching on and fluids begin to flow. Outside the ship, a low pulse begins to beat rhythmically. Pulsing and sparking energy snakes about the outside of the ship. Between the dragon's great horns a steady electrical discharge sparks.
The receptacle begins to rise, lifting Lance off his feet. Lance continues to scream and flail his arms and legs until suddenly Lance's head detaches from his body, silencing him. Lance's deformed body hits the deck with a sickly wet thud. 
Lance's jaw and tongue hang loosely as his head is drawn up into the suspension chamber, never to be seen again. The rising hum reaches a crescendo and the deck vibrates. A steady pulse beats through the ships bulkheads. 
The speakers around the ship crackle to life. System Check Initialized! A strongly effeminate male voice states loudly yet calmly.
Oh crap, it's working! the technician exclaims with disbelief.
Cortex! What the fuck is going on? We are reading a massive power surge on the dragonship, a frantic voice asks over the communications channel.
Sir, it's Prince Lance...he stuck his head into the receptacle and...
That's impossible, it doesn't work that way, the exasperated voice exclaims.
He ripped his own skull open! Right in front of me! Then he stuck it in the receptacle and now the ship is powering up, the technician explains with disbelief.
This is Prince Lance. All systems are online and I feel fabulous! Lance announces musically. This is followed by a strange low insane giggle that echoes throughout the ship and outside throughout the cavernous dock. 
A chilling alarm sounds.
All hands clear the dock and evacuate! a frantic voice exclaims over the speakers.
You can leave now fatso, Lance advises, again mimicking the technicians lisp. Make it quick! Ive got a hot date and shes a real bitch!
In the docking bay, the witchkin dragonship releases a chilling thunderous scream, its massive jaw agape and its tail twisting about frantically. Spreading his leathery looking wings the different patchwork colors from all five dragonships is revealed. Lance looks out his new eyes, his pupils glowing red. He glances up at the gravity tether emitter imbedded in the rock above. He fires a single pulse cannon round from his mouth. Instantly and brilliantly the emitter explodes. With the glowing gravity tether extinguished he is released from the rocky ceiling. Lance croaks then releases an ear piercing victorious scream while hovering at the docks ceiling.   

Chapter Twelve

Aria is rushing through the ship's corridors, tears streaming from her eyes and a huge smile on her face. The doors to the medical bay cannot open fast enough despite the mere seconds they take to activate. Aria runs into the room bathed in white light, sees Maya and gasps at her beauty, her heart filled with a love she had thought lost long ago.
Maya, gripping her father's hand looks up to see her mother a huge smile forming on her face, her eyes brightening. Momma! she screams and runs to her.
Mother and child embrace, Aria lifting her and squeezing tightly. Oh Baby, I'm never ever going to let you go again, not ever, Aria promises.
Momma, I'm so sorry.  I thought...
Hush, Aria sooths rubbing her daughter's back.
Jason holsters his pistol then runs his hand over his baldhead. He glances over at Lisa and Dresden who are looking on with blank expressions. Dresden, any chance I can grow hair?
Dresden smirks, you would look ridiculous with hair.
Lisa laughs in response. Bald men are sexy, she adds. She turns her attention to Red who is inspecting the dents in his metal shell. Lisa steps up and runs her hand over Red's armor. We will get those taken care of, head for the biowarrior barracks, Lisa orders.
Red seems to react to Lisa's touch despite not having any sensors on his metal skin. His eyes seem to have a much softer color when he looks down at her. I apologize Doctor Everett, I lost two of your men, Red confesses with remorse.
Red, it is never your fault when that happens, Lisa replies sternly. Report to barracks, Sergeant.
Yes sir, Red salutes her and strides from the room.
Aria is squatting slightly so that she can better look into her child's eyes as they speak to one another in hushed loving tones; they are both smiling happily.
Jason is watching or rather playing with his HUD, changing his displays and observing the results. He suddenly gasps when his HUD displays his wife completely naked.
Very touching reunion, but we still have a situation here, Dresden reminds them.
Jason turns to look at Dresden without first restoring his vision and is treated to a view of the elderly doctor he was never meant to see and will be burned into his eyes for an unfortunately long time. Jason quickly flips his vision to normal and shakes his head. For once you are right, Jason agrees.
For once, Dresden grumbles with annoyance. I am always right! You're just lucky, the doctor suggests.
You do okay, Jason says with a smile. He looks at Lisa, Doctor Everett, thank you for your help, I never got a chance to praise your work before. You did amazing work with Warrior, Red and the biowarriors. I don't know what happens next, but I imagine we are going to need our squads in top form.
Captain, it is an honor as always, Lisa states simply. She turns and walks out the doors.
Jason sensed something odd from her as she left, but wasn't sure what it could be. He turns to his family and says, Aria take Maya to my quarters, I'm headed for CIC. It is time to finish this, Jason states with an evil grin.
Dad, wait! Maya climbs out of Aria's arms. You need to know something...
This is CIC! Valeries voice yells over the speakers. All hands prepare for combat. Captain we need you in CIC!
You left Valerie in charge again? Jason asks.
Aria shrugs.
Jason races through the medical bay doors and down a long corridor toward the CIC.

*****
Valerie sits in the command chair, gripping the armrests as she reads the data streaming past her eyes on the dragon's eye. She shakes her head and says, Warrior, please confirm what I am seeing. That is a biosynth reactor firing, is it not?
Confirmed, Lieutenant. They have salvaged more than emitters and jump cannons, Warrior states with worry.
The reactor signature is very strange, I'm reading multiple labels, one is Blade's and the other is Rapier...did they mix coils? Valerie asks with both surprise and fright.
They can not manufacture their own coils, so...
They should be breaching, but the energy is clean. I can't believe it, Valerie states with surprise. She glances over at the power control station and the officer, a young woman with dark hair and anxious eyes, gives her the thumbs up signal. What the hell are they trying to power up?  What are they using a dragonship reactor for? Valerie asks.
We should assume they are powering a defensive capability, another one of our weapons or perhaps a shield, Warrior suggests.
Valerie switches the dragon's eye to view mode and Pan Amalthea fills the screen. A set of cross hairs slide down and blink over the distant dock doors.
Jason steps through the hatchway and into the CIC. What's with all the yelling, Lieutenant? Jason asks firmly.
Captain, this is your ship and it is time for you to take command of it, Valerie chides angrily.
Calm down, Lieutenant, Jason says with a smile. I have the deck, fill me in.
Sir, we are ready to start our attack run, however we have detected a biosynth reactor powering up inside the complex. Warrior believes they are getting ready to bring up a shield or use another one of our weapons against us. We should exercise caution, Valerie explains calmly. Valerie takes a deep breath.
Thank you Lieutenant. I...
Jason!  Maya just told me something important! Aria's voice yells in his mind.
What? Jason asks with annoyance.
Captain! Warrior cries.
Everyone in CIC looks at the dragon's eye and gasps. The doors have opened and flying through the opening is a massive dragonship, its multi-colored wings flapping and its tail swishing about menacingly.
Desecration! Warrior spits angrily.
Is that Blade? Jason asks with shock, his eyes watching intently.
Valerie leans over her own chair, taking in a data stream, her biosynthetic eyes annoyingly slow for the first time in her life. Itsall of them...they pieced them all together...multiple parts from each ship...it's a monster! Valerie exclaims with horror. A teardrop forms at the corner of Valerie's eye and drips down her cheek.
Pulse Shield! Jason screams. Pilot, evasive, now!
Warrior spins while activating the pulse shield sending out a wave of energy in all directions. Most terran vessels would be blasted by the energy and thrown off course, but Lance merely absorbs the energy and passes through the wave. 
Raising his tail and extending his claws, three powerful beams of energy blast from the palms of his clawed hands and through his open mouth. The beams strike Warrior full in the chest. 
Warriors shield sparks and glows about her body, but the force is so great, She is sent spinning out of control.
The CIC deck vibrates, the gravity compensators strained to their maximum.
Charge particle cannons! Jason orders.
Captain, I lost attitude control. Standby! Warrior explains with frustration.
Helm! Plot a safe portal! Jason orders.
Valerie reviews the defensive options. Alarms are sounding throughout the ship.
I have a plot, the helmsman calls out.
Jason! What happened? Aria asks frantically.
They have a dragonship! Jason replies tersely.
Maya told me, she tried to tell you earlier...
It's a Frankenstein monster and Im going to put it in the grave, Jason vows.
Jason you have to get us out here, it's not just a dragonship! Aria warns.
Captain, something is happening! I don't understand it, Valerie announces with worry.
Jason looks at the dragon's eye. 
Lance is hovering, his forearms are extended and a red nimbus is forming around his claws. 
You've got to be fucking kidding me, Jason growls angrily.
What is that? What is it doing? Valerie demands.
Captain?  That's magic, isn't it? Warrior asks.
Warrior! If that shit touches us, we are all dead! Jason replies.
Warrior spins in space then dives toward Amalthea. Lance releases a stream of red witchkin energy. Warrior glides along the surface of the planetoid, the energy striking behind her, blasting the rock and sending it away into space along with clouds of dust. Lance follows, trying to get his stream to connect with the fleeing dragon, who twists and turns then finally pulls straight up and curves around to suddenly slide right above the monstrous Lance. 
Improvising, Warrior descends upon Lance's back and pushes him into Amalthea. For a few seconds, Warrior rides Lance like a surfboard before striking a big black rock outcropping. Both dragons tumble end over end in a mess of arms, claws, tails and snapping teeth in a cloud of dust along the rocky surface. Skillfully, Warrior gets to her feet first, turns and races at Lance who has not quite figured out standing, let alone walking. Warrior grabs him by the neck but is unable to penetrate the same substance that she herself is constructed of. Instead she yanks Lance about, and slaps her tail across his face. Sending him flying into a heap that throws up a huge cloud of dust. 
Leaping again, Warrior pounces onto Lances chest while striking his skull over and over again with her tail. Finally, Lance sweeps his tail about and knocks Warrior off of him. Warrior rolls back to her feet rears up and fires two particle beam blasts from her nostrils, striking Lance full in the chest and sending him spinning off the rocky surface and into space.
Kick ass! Jason cheers watching the fight on the dragon's eye. The deck and walls of CIC vibrate intensely, gravity compensators holding everyone in their place while Warrior wrestles and violently attacks the witchkin dragonship.
Sir, we could do this all day, but if he brings his will to bear on us he only needs one shot to destroy us. I have no defense against witchkin magic, Warrior reminds her captain.
Warrior is right we can't beat him like this, Jason says. He runs his hand over his bald head, missing the feeling of the bristles that were once there.
Sir its coming around! Valerie observes with alarm.
Lance shoots lighting from his red eyes, which strikes Warrior in her left wing and melts through the material leaving a gash. Warrior spins and glides away from his fire, while releasing a spawn missile, which streams toward Lance and explodes in front of his face. Lance veers away from the blast, forcing him to come back around at a different angle.
Warrior circles around behind Lance and delivers several strikes with her tail into his face and neck, followed by another blast of particle beam energy that strikes him in the wing and makes him spin away. 
Warrior spins about, facing Lance who regains control.
Sir, Transmission! Valerie states as she activates the speakers.
You humans like to play rough, I like that, Lance says, his voice slightly mechanical but very much as it once had been before his walk in space. 
In space, Warrior watches the witchkin dragon grin insanely.
You are an abomination! You have desecrated my brothers and sisters, Warrior spits.
Warrior, are you trying to turn me on? I'm not really into chicks, sister.  Besides, our engineers didn't think to include the necessary equipment, Lance replies lewdly.
I cannot allow you to desecrate my brother's body, Warrior states. Your mind is not fit to rest in a dragon's cortex.
You mean Im not fit to be a slave? How terrible. I so wanted to join your little club and fly around the galaxy at the whim and fancy of pesky little bipedal organisms! Lance says, feigning distress. He then growls and states, you could be great, but instead you are a monkeys servant.
You are a servant to your own hatred. I serve the universe. I serve life, Warrior states proudly.
I think I have had enough of you, bitch! Lance growls angrily. 
In space, Lance snaps out with his mind, grabs Warrior by the wings and stretches them out. His massive unseen hands holding Warrior fast. Warrior snaps her jaws and writhes her body and tail. Within warrior's interior, power begins to fluctuate and systems start to shut down. The deck plates and walls begin to vibrate. Lance begins to apply pressure, pulling at Warriors wings. 
Inside the ship distinctive creaking and cracking sounds are heard. 
I think I will start by tearing your wings off, Lance says. He releases an oddly grotesque giggle.
In the CIC, Jason and his crew watch with helpless horror as the witchkin monstrosity seizes their vessel. 
Over the speakers Lisa is heard yelling, Integrity is critical! Were going to lose them! She presumably is speaking of Warriors wings.
Lance, Jason growls. You are a sick fuck, you know that?
Oh be nice, Lance declares whimsically over the speakers. I know you and I have that thing we started back at Lunar, but I really think it would be for the best if we break up. Lance laughs hysterically at his pun.
Jason grits his teeth, his lips curling into a grin. Helm, activate portal sequence, Jason orders. Pilot, lets fly!
In space, Warrior looks toward Lance and a blast of energy flies from her nostrils. A massive sparking event horizon explodes into existence. A sparking stroke of energy snakes out from the edge of the portal and strikes Lance in the chest. With a flash, Lance is ejected away, tumbling through space end over end, his limbs flailing. Tendrils of energy snake all about Lance's monstrous dragon body making him gyrate. Warrior, now released, quickly dives through the event horizon, which collapses behind her.
Emerging from Pan, Solendria's spherical jumpship veers toward Lance who is caught in Jupiter's gravity well and is floating toward the gas giant, his body seemingly lifeless for the moment. A gravity tether snakes from an emitter on the jumpship, wraps onto Lances leg and drags him away. 
A blast of energy shot from the top of the sphere initializes a new jump portal. The sparking gate flashes and sizzles much differently than Warriors. Solendrias jumpship drags Lance through the portal and within a second the event horizon collapses with a bright flash.

****
Solendria stands on the bridge of her ship. She looks out through the towering transparent bulkheads with her dark indignant eyes. The view outside is filled by the decimated, dead world of Irridani; its atmosphere filled with churning dark grey radioactive clouds hiding the now frozen lifeless surface. She holds her hands behind her back and views her dead home world with remorse and regret, yet hanging on the edge of her lips a slight smirk forms. The view changes with a course correction, the dead world sliding out of view. Ahead a small round yellow moon is seen in the distance, slowly growing as the ship closes the distance toward it.
Empress, a transmission from Calliope, a technician announces from the shadows, his face hidden by his mirrored faceplate. The other eleven operators work at their stations silently and without emotion.
Let me hear it, Solendria replies.
Empress, it is good to see your vessel has returned, we were worried, a soft young female voice states over the speakers.
No need of worry, Gwendolyn. There has been a slight change in our plans, but I believe fortune has smiled on us, Solendria says.
That is good news. Did you defeat the last of the biosynth? the girl asks.
No, but they are on the run. Alert the dock and wake our warriors. Our dragonship is coming home.
The half-breed was successful, Gwendolyn says.
The girl betrayed us and escaped, but it doesnt matter. Prince Lance took her place, Solendria replies.
Prince Lance? the voice sounds both surprised and skeptical.
Yes, he volunteered to take the girl's place and he has proven to be more than capable. He just needs a little time to get used to his new body. Then he will be unstoppable. We could all learn from Prince Lance's example of sacrifice.
I have some promising news from our team in regard to the research project you gave them. They are anxious to show you their progress, Gwendolyn reports.
That is fantastic, I hope I like what I see, Solendria states, her voice filled with warning.
The time of vengeance and the rise of the Witchkin Empire is at hand, just as you promised us. We await your signal to attack, the girl sounds proud and pleased. The channel closes with a cheerful chime.
Solendria watches the moon grow larger until it fills her field of view. Floating in a low orbit is a very simple square space station that the jumpship appears to be moving toward. Solendria turns and steps down from the observation platform and glides across the catwalk to a control console, where she activates several buttons. Lance, are you awake yet? she asks.
Yes...what happened...why can't I move? Lance's weak voice asks over the speaker.
You were stupid enough to get too close to a portal when it activated. You need to be smarter than that if you want to defeat Warrior. I am taking you to Refuge for repairs. You need to take some time and get used to your dragon body and all the wonderful things you can do with it. Warrior took the field today. You are going to get another chance though, but you are going to have to do what I say.
I fucking hate you! Lance curses.
We don't know where they are, so we have to draw them out and the only way to do that is to attack Earth. All you have to do is keep them occupied while we destroy the terran fleet. Once our warriors hit the ground it will be over and I can take my throne, Solendria says confidently. Besides, it sounds like my other project is nearing completion and if it is as promising as it sounds, we will be unstoppable.
I am only interested in their destruction. It's the only thing I want, Lance reiterates.
Lance, our vengeance is at hand. I know how deeply hurt you were by the humans and what they took from you. I want to see justice for all witchkin.
You want power. You always have. Even when it was just us witchkin, before the humans showed up, you were always trying to get into the government. I remember your election campaigns. You always had loud dramatic speeches, but you never won, Lance recalls sleepily. You tried to get me to support you once, when I wasbefore I became a monster. When the people loved me.
I am the natural leader of our people. I am of noble blood and have the right, Solendria reminds him, her voice uneven.
When the government was vaporized it left you as the only candidate for power, Lance chuckles. Thats why you want to kill Aria Eaglewolf and why you haven't even considered asking her to join you. They would all turn to follow her in an instant and you know it. You can't compete with her celebrity - the witchkin hero from the noble house Eaglewolf. She was even more popular than I was...before the fall.
Solendria switches the panel off and sneers angrily. She turns away and walks toward a different console where a silent faceless technician monitors the defensive and offensive systems of the ship. Did the extraction team successfully rig the reactor on Pan Amalthea? Solendria asks.
The technician presses a few buttons and looks at a separate screen. Yes, my Lady. The team reports success.
Solendria smiles again. She turns and walks to the entrance of the bridge and down the steps to the next deck.

Chapter Thirteen

Maya stands in front of the transparent bulkhead in her father's private quarters watching the stars. She has changed out of the dirty pajamas she had been wearing and into a clean blue biosynth jumpsuit that had been custom made for her. She found it in a drawer under her father's bed. Feeling refreshed after a much-needed shower she finds herself deep in a moment of reflection following their escape from Lance at Pan Amalthea. 
For her parents and everyone left alive she has ever known, two years have passed, but for Maya, time is irrelevant. Hanging in Solendria's vault, Maya was caught in a constant dream state and when not in the vault, Maya had been placed in a cryo-cylinder, for her protection according to Solendria. All of this had the effect of stunting her physical growth. 
Maya had not interacted much with anyone during the last two years, which for Maya had felt like weeks rather than years. When she did have awareness of the passage of time she wasted it seething with fury. She had been unable to question the false memory Solendria had inserted into her mind. Maya pouted, thinking of the tragedy that their lives had become. In her mind it had not been so long ago that she and her family were preparing to settle on Irridani and start a new and exciting life in a real home. Maya had spent most of her life on ships or space stations, following her parents as they progressed through their careers together, first with the Terran Defense Force and then with the biosynth dragon fleet after they resigned their commissions. Her parents had met on Irridani, her father being an officer during the many TDF diplomatic missions. Aria and Jason fell in love instantly and because of her mother's special abilities the TDF extended to her a special commission, which her mother would never have accepted had she not been head over heels in love with her father. 
Like all children who grow up in space, Maya yearned for solid ground beneath her feet and a blue sky above her head. It was with great excitement that she learned she would be living on the surface of a planet for the first time. Now Irridani is a radioactive graveyard and two years of her life had been completely erased.
The door to her father's quarters slides into the wall silently and Aria strides into the room carrying a tray with food heaped upon it. 
Maya grins happily, having not realized how completely famished she is until seeing the many helpings of stacked serving containers. 
After clearing a spot on Jason's messy coffee table, Aria waves her daughter over and they both settle onto the curving couch to dig into the food. Each container has essentially the same thing; a healthy dose of space ration, but thanks to some innovation and a little imagination, the food is presented in various forms and flavors including Maya's favorite, macaroni and cheese. 
Aria selects something, but doesnt pay attention to what it is. She sits back, casually munching as she watches with amusement as her daughter devours her food ravenously.
Time passes. Upon stuffing herself, Maya lies back on her father's couch and groans with satisfaction while resting both of her hands on her very full stomach. 
Aria laughs, looks like you still have your appetite.
Maya frowns, I almost killed Daddy. I was so angry at him.
That wasn't your fault. What happened to you was unfair, Aria replies sadly.
Solendria is angry too. I felt how she gathered her will back in the medical lab; it was like she was ripping it out of the universe with her bare hands, Maya says her eyes wide.
Aria frowns, looks at her daughter with concern and says, She was born angry I think. I could sense her anger before the tragedy on Irridani.
Did you know how powerful she is? Maya asks.
Aria shakes her head. I never had occasion to be around her when she was gathering her will but even if I had, I suspect she is normally very subtle. I think she was very angry with you and it unbalanced her, and caused her to be sloppy.  We witchkin prefer to be subtle about what we do. On Irridani we were surrounded by other witchkin all the time so we had to be subtle or you can imagine the noise bringing our will to bear would cause if we weren't. Mind you it was never aggressive on Irridani, it was usually just day-to-day things, like picking something up we couldn't reach or healing a cut. Aggressive things like shields, breaking down walls, shooting lighting or blasts of energy tend to be naturally noisy. I had to learn to do those things on my own when I joined the TDF. Solendria was given some training in it as well. However, most witchkin wouldn't even know energy could be used aggressively like that.
You taught me those things too, Maya points out.
I've shown you a few things and I am so glad I did. I never ever expected you would need to use them to protect yourself from one of our own. For centuries, witchkin lived in peace and had no use for aggressive magic. I learned to harness my abilities to protect myself and my crew from human pirates or people like the witch hunters, Aria explains.
From outside the transparent bulkheads there is a bright flash.
Attention, Portal Beta One is open. All hands brace for immediate passage,  Valerie's voice sounds over the speakers.
The deck plates buzz momentarily and there is a brief sensation of floating in white space as warrior glides through the portal with ease. 
Aria smiles at Maya and says, we best get ourselves to the forward hatch. Jason will want to dock immediately.

*****
The massive round iris door to Dock One, aboard biosynth station Sanctuary, slides closed following Warriors smooth entrance from the void beyond. The square dock, with exposed metal rafters and support beams running along the walls and ceiling, is large enough to accommodate at least three dragonships the same size as Warrior. The dragonship settles onto the metal deck and folds her wings to her sides. With the sealing of the iris, a sharp loud hiss and geysers of air from the deck and ceiling welcomes the introduction of atmosphere into the interior of the docking area. 
Suddenly, Warrior releases a loud sharp angry trumpet. Angrily she growls while scratching at the thick deck plates with furious frustration. Her tantrum continues as she violently bashes her horns against the grey metal bulkheads while screaming furiously. After a minute, the dragon straightens herself and relaxes. A transparent docking tube extends out from the flat wall opposite the great iris door and attaches itself to the hatch in warriors chest.
Aria, Maya and Jason emerge from Warriors interior and walk briskly down the transparent docking tube. Doctor Everett and Doctor Dresden, walking side by side, emerge a meter behind them. 
Jason is wearing a modified biosynth uniform to fit his taller more muscular frame; his distinctively colorful visage stands out particularly well and blends with the biosynth blue in his uniform.
The group exit the docking tunnel to follow a curving hallway that takes them to a large circular communications room where a number of biosynth technicians dressed in blue jumpsuits are monitoring dozens of holoscreens. In the center of the room is a large round holographic table where a depiction of Sanctuary, a large square rust colored station with six octagonal docking hubs at its waist, slowly spins. The five of them gather around the holographic table, evenly dispersed.
Jason activates his HUD. Shifting through his menus he quickly takes control of the table. Warrior, are you tuned into this briefing? Jason asks out loud.
Pilot reporting, as ordered, Warrior replies sullenly over the speakers. 
This is what we know, Jason begins. The image of the station disappears and is replaced with a three dimensional image of Pan Amalthea, slowly spinning. Self-proclaimed leader of the new witchkin order and traitor, Solendria, used this abandoned science station to reconstruct biosynth technology from the wreckage of our dragon fleet. She stole my daughter and was going to use her brain as a CPU for their frankenship. We managed to get Maya away from crazy town, unfortunately Lance managed to connect himself somehow to the empty cortex, Jason explains quickly.
Aria frowns at her husband and releases a sigh. She clears her throat before speaking. Lance has become the dragonship and because he is witchkin he can also use his will against our biosynth technology. We have no defense against witchkin magic of this scale, Aria adds.
Does this surprise anyone? Lisa asks with annoyance. Why did we even try to fight that thing? That bastard was going to rip Warrior's wings off like she was a fly.
Doctor Everett, we cannot second guess what has already happened and nobody knew what Lance was until it was too late, Warrior states. We did get away however, which means the situation is not lost.
There are more witchkin, Solendria said so, Maya states both sadly and shyly. She hates humans. She wants to enslave them.
Dresden grunts. How ironic that Solendria is doing exactly what the witch hunters feared would happen. It was their justification for their annihilation of Irridani, he replies scratching his chin.
I don't agree with what the witch hunters did, but their fears would appear to have been justified, Lisa says, shaking her head.
Aria sighs with frustration and shakes her head. Doctor Everett, Solendria is...
Solendria is a witchkin who is kicking our ass even though we have the most advanced technology in the galaxy! Your higher purpose, peace and love bullshit would appear to be irrelevant. Weve been told how peaceful your people are but recent events would seem to contradict your high and mighty claims!
Lisa! Can it! Jason warns angrily.
Sorry captain, Lisa replies through clenched teeth. She looks away, her face red.
I am as surprised as anyone by what we have seen and heard. Warrior and the TDF searched every inch of Irridani for survivors but the surface was rendered uninhabitable. We did not find a single soul. I dont know where these survivors come from and I dont know why they have become aggressive, it goes against our very nature, Aria explains, her voice heavy.	
Lets start with what we know, Jason suggests. We have frankenship controlled by the mayor of crazytown, but theyve been salvaging more than dragon parts, Jason states. He downloads some images from his CPU collected during combat on Pan Amalthea. On the holographic table an image of the eight-foot custom biowarrior appears with its twin guns raised, a bright muzzle flash glaring.
Lisa frowns as she looks at the three-dimensional spinning image. Those are hideous modifications. Its internal power must be very unstable and those guns are ridiculous, I dont care how scary it looks, Lisa states. That thing was not modified by a someone with military experience. She shakes her head. 
It didnt seem to bright, but those guns cut two of my warriors down pretty fast, Jason notes critically.
It still has limited effectiveness. I doubt the witchkin can grow biowarriors, they are probably reprogrammed and modified husks; more salvaged technology. Maybe they found an AI replacement program for the cortex or theyre using witchkin magic to control them. Its possible they have different models with different functions, Lisa suggests.
Or maybe that was their only model, Dresden offers.
Let's assume they have a whole army of deformed biowarriors with high capacity barrel guns, Lisa do what you can to help our squads prepare for that. I also want to switch on the Beta Barracks and bring our reserves on board, Jason decides on the fly.
Of course, captain, Lisa replies. But our biowarriors aren't going to be able to fight witchkin any more effectively than Warrior did against Lance.
Speaking of which, how about our new fairy friend here? Jason asks. He quickly uploads an image of Dragonship Lance and places it on the table. Lance floats above the table, its huge jaw agape, its eyes fiercely red and its claws extended.
Lisa studies it for a moment. The dragonships were all individuals. I am dumbfounded that they were able to do this. I can already see some obvious weaknesses, after all our dragon friends were never meant to fit together. As big and as tough as it looks, without witchkin magic, I think we would make very short work of it. Lisa points at the holographic image spinning above the table. These sections here, obviously don't match. We should be concentrating fire in these areas, they will be naturally weak, that is assuming it isn't using a witchkin shield, which none of our weapons can penetrate, Lisa says sighing with frustration.
Lisa, study these images some more and pinpoint some other weak spots for Warrior and our weapons officers to concentrate on, Jason suggests.
Lisa nods.
Aria looks at Lisa. What about the cortex? Solendria spent over a year synchronizing Maya's brain to the biotechs of that ship, what are the effects of Lance just jumping in?
Lisa frowns considering the question for a moment. The biotechs are likely a big mess. The nodes from all those different ships wont talk to each other very well. Dragon brains synchronize themselves to their own bodies over time. What she did is unnatural. Even after Mayas lengthy time trying to sync with it, all those different nodes would have driven her insane. Your friend Lance is going to find it extremely difficult to control all his systems. He will start feeling some extreme discomfort and his mind will become tortured. However, since he is witchkin he might be able to hold things together with magic. I dont know how that works. Seizing control of Warrior and practically tearing her to pieces shows what he can do. I dont look forward to another encounter with him, Lisa notes shaking slightly.
Aria, would you be able to gather enough will to grab a dragonship like that?  Jason asks.
No, that is not possible for me. Lance is a dragonship and has far more will now. His abilities are astronomical compared to mine, Aria replies.
How clever, Dresden states clinically. Literally combining witchkin magic with biosynth technology, I cant imagine a more powerful union.
Crap, Lisa curses under her breath, folding her arms in front of her.
Wait, Aria, is there anyway for you to tap into Warrior to increase your will and defend the ship or fight Lance? Jason asks hopefully. Maybe you can do the same thing.
Aria frowns. I wouldnt know where to start, she admits.
I do, Maya declares. She looks around the table at the stunned faces looking back at her.  She takes a deep breath. Im still me, but Im also something else. I know things about flying, power and speed. I remember being inside a different body. I know what its like to have wings. I know what if feels like to have a reactor in my stomach.
Lisa gasps. Her mind is synchronized, she says with astonishment. Shes right! 
What are you talking about? Jason demands.
Lisa raises an eyebrow and looks up at the spinning holographic image of Lance. We could integrate her mind with Warriors. Weve done it before. Young dragons sometimes train with elder dragons this way, Lisa explains.
Interesting, Warrior intones. Its never been done with a non-dragon mind, but Maya is special, isnt she.
Aria looks at her daughter, her mind reeling. She could put a shield around us. It could make all the difference, Aria states hesitantly.
Absolutely not, Jason interjects. She is staying here on Sanctuary. I just got her back, Im not sending her into battle!
Daddy! I can do this and I am not staying on Sanctuary, Maya growls.
We just need to tune her into Warrior's matrix. It would take months to do the same thing with the commander. Plus, she wouldnt be replacing Warriors cortex, just sharing her consciousness. We would need her in the lab right away. We just need to adjust her conditioning to sync with Warriors biotechs, Lisa states holding her chin. She looks away, her mind already grappling with the equipment she needs.
Jason, I know how this sounds, but what choice do we have? Aria asks
Are you fucking kidding? We need another way! She is just a kid. Shes our daughter and we just got her back! Jason screams. He slams his fist into the table, making the hologram shimmer.
Jason, she will not be alone, Warrior replies over the speakers. We will be working together and sharing my resources. I will still be the pilot, she will just be along for the ride.
This doesn't matter because I think I just said we aren't going to do this, Jason states angrily. He glares at his wife almost viciously.
Jason, we don't have a choice, Aria says stiffly. I dont like this either. But you and I both know we cant fight Lance without magic. We dont have time to try anything else. If we try to face Lance without Maya, he will destroy us and Solendria will win. We must take away her only advantage.
We just got her back! Have you lost your mind? Jason demands. 
Dad, I need to do this, Maya declares.
Jason looks at his daughter, his face contorted with anxiety.
They took me away from my family. They were going to use me to hurt and kill people! I need to settle this as much as anyone in this room, Maya replies angrily. No way would you let someone else settle a score. Neither will I! This is my choice! Maya points to herself for emphasis.
You tell him, Lisa says with a grin.
Jason flashes Lisa a fierce scowl. His blue skin seems to glow brightly.
I have some ideas that will help. Lance won't know what hit him, Aria promises. Jason I will be right beside her the whole time. Ill never leave her side again.
You cant promise that, Jason says with annoyance. Anything can happen in battle.
Maya looks up to her mother. Daddys right. You cant promise that. You have a responsibility to the ship. But Ill still be alright and no matter what, I still need to do my part.
Aria frowns. She looks away for a moment and closes her eyes.
Nobody is going to be safe anywhere if we dont stop Solendria, Warrior reminds, her voice harsh. Jason, if something goes wrong and Solendria wins, Maya isnt going to be any safer on Sanctuary.
Jason shakes his head and groans with exasperation. He looks at his daughter sadly. I dont like this. This isnt something a girl should be doing, but I seem to be outnumbered here. If something goes wrong
Im meant to do this, Maya says simply. We dont always get a choice.
Jason looks to the image of Dragonship Lance spinning above the table. Any idea what their next move might be?  What is their objective? Jason asks.
She said she is considering Earth as her new home world, Maya offers.
Earth... Jason repeats, squinting his eyes at the idea.
This just keeps getting better, Lisa laments.
It's a symbolic gesture. She thinks humanity destroyed her home world, so she is going to rule from theirs, Dresden offers.
She could jump right into orbit with her ships and take out the terran defenses, Jason announces, guessing at Solendrias plan.
Ships? So far we have seen two, Lisa notes. Lance can easily take out the terran fleet by himself, she doesnt need more than that.
She will need more. She needs transports for troops. She will need to take out the terran blockade quickly. Lance could do it over time, but not fast enough to mount an invasion. Frankenship was created to stop us from stopping her. Lance wont be her only weapon.
With Lance's help, she can make short work of the terran blockade. It will be a slaughter I am sure, Dresden states scratching his chin. I imagine weve always been a variable in her plan and shes been needing to eliminate us. But having failed it is likely she has altered her scheme.
So, we either wait for her to attack Earth or we find her fleet and attack her first. Any idea where we find her fleet? Jason asks.
They are jump capable, they could be anywhere, Dresden replies.
The terrans are not going to listen to us, Lisa states. Ever since we left the TDF, they havent exactly been cordial.
We are classified as pirates actually, Jason replies with amusement. I still have some connections in the fleet. I know a couple of captains who might listen to me. 
What about Dagger? Lisa asks. He can jump around and search for the witchkin fleet.
Is he ready? Jason asks skeptically.
If I explain things to him, I wouldn't be surprised if he was, Lisa replies confidently.
This could be suicide for him. He's never even flown a short recon, let alone gotten into a fight, Jason notes.
It is going to be suicide for all of us as far as I can tell. Doing nothing is not an option either, Lisa replies stiffly. Dagger can help.
It will be nice to be part of a real fleet, Valerie Encino states cheerfully.
Everyone looks up to see her standing near the holographic table. Jason waves her forward and she takes a place between Lisa and Dresden. Valerie, I think you have earned your place here.
Thank you, captain. Valerie says with a smile.
Lets get our shit together in forty-eight hours. Prep and crew our support ships, upgrade our biowarriors and do what you must with Maya, but in two days we are opening a portal and we are going to end this. Any questions? Jason asks.
Support ships? Valerie asks.
Were going in strong and fast and well need every gun! Jason declares.
Sir, Maya may need more time, Lisa suggests.
Do your best, Lisa. Any more than forty-eight hours and Solendria could be dug into Earth like a tick, Jason replies. Warrior, ready for a fight?
Of course, captain, Warrior replies evenly. Forty-eight hours seems a bit long to me but I understand you purely biological types need extra time.
Warrior, Id order a jump right now if I knew where to go, Jason explains. Lisa, see what you can do about upgrading some of Warriors defenses.
Understood, captain, Lisa replies.
Forty-eight hours, Jason emphasizes.  He turns away from the table and marches from the communications room.
Doctor, please come back to Warriors medical bay, Aria says to Dresden. There is something you and I need to look at.
Of course, Commander, Dresden replies.
Lisa looks at Maya and smiles. We have work to do, she says.
Maya, slightly shorter than Lisa, looks back up at her and nods enthusiastically.
*****
Recoiling rail guns fling magnetic explosive tipped slugs into space from the bow of Juggernaut Fearless, the pride of the Terran Defense Force. The heavily armed vessel is almost half a kilometer in length, has one hundred and fifty decks and five thousand personnel. It resembles a large black cigar with enormous red burning engines at the stern and a pointed arrowhead shaped bow. Missile batteries, rail gun mounts and dozens of dock doors are evenly spaced and surround the cylindrical hull. The vessel appears to be built for one purpose - to scare the hell out of its enemy. 
Fearless is pursuing three, much smaller, disk shaped, pirate gunboats, which attempt to evade her heavy fire. Bright blue flashes indicate engines at full burn. Two of the gunboats suddenly explode violently as they are struck countless times by slugs. The remaining gunboat performs a barrel roll and twists away from another volley.
The bridge of Fearless resembles the controlled chaos of a financial trading floor, with over a hundred uniformed personnel moving about countless terminals while hollering loudly at each other. High above the main floor, extending out from a catwalk, is the Captain's Nest, where Captain Beverly Rush sits, observing the operation in progress. Her grey TDF uniform, complete with silver Captain's shoulder boards, fits tightly against her firm fit body, her long brown hair is brought up into a bun just above her neck. Her eyes are stern and she wears the look of someone in command very well.  
While her officers are more than capable of handling a simple tactical pursuit and containment operation, she finds the procedure just too much fun to avoid, after all it is the simple things that give life meaning. On her armrest she selects one of several buttons and a lovely chime sounds. Unauthorized Vessel, this is Terran Defense Ship Fearless. You have one minute to power down your engines, Beverly states happily.
Fearless, this is Enchanted, we are a cargo vessel en route to Earth, we are not a threat, a frantic voice crackles over the speakers.
You are carrying illegal stolen cargo. You and your crew are to be arrested and your vessel impounded, Beverly replies cheerfully. Leaving the communication channel open, she selects another button on her chair. Captain to weapons, target and destroy Enchanted per Criminal Code Section 247. 
Alright! We are powering down! Stop shooting! the captain of Enchanted screams over the speaker.
Excellent choice, Enchanted, my security team will greet you in our secure dock. Thank you for your cooperation, Fearless out. Beverly stands from her chair and stretches, an amused look on her face. She looks down to the floor below where a senior officer raises his hand to deliver the thumbs up signal.
Beverly nods back at her officer. For Captain Rush there is nothing like a successful pursuit to get the juices flowing, so to speak. With that in mind a sultry smile forms on her thin red lips along with a twinkle in her eye. There is only one thing Beverly likes more than harassing pirates. Beverly reaches down to her chair and reactivates her communication panel. Security Chief, Wayland, to the Captain's Suite, she orders. Beverly turns away from her chair. Holding her hands behind her back she strides confidently down the long metal catwalk and through a door that opens automatically upon her approach. She steps into her private elevator and hums a catchy spacefaring tune while her elevator quickly takes her down to the core of the vessel and the officer's barracks. The elevator door slides open revealing a hallway with interspersed hatchways. Halfway down the hall and standing next to a hatchway marked Captain is a tall burly officer dressed in the standard red TDF security officer uniform. He looks young and handsome, a goofy grin forms on his lips upon seeing his captain.
Beverlys eyes narrow on the handsome young officer and she approaches him with a sultry gait, her hips swaying seductively. Chief Wayland performs a stiff salute, which Beverly promptly returns. Taking a quick looking around and seeing no one, she throws her arms about the burly man's neck and hungrily presses her lips against his. Chief Wayland gathers her into his large arms. Soon the couple are moaning and pawing at each other. Beverly, moaning with pleasure, stretches out her hand to slap the door pad, which instantly reads her DNA signature and releases the door locks. The door slides open and the two of them disappear into her quarters, the door sliding closed behind them. 
In the confines of her quarters, the captain and Chief Wayland kiss and devour each other with ravenous passion, their hands pawing and groping each other desperately. Aggressively Beverly suddenly grabs her security chief by the front of his uniform and twists him about viciously. She plants a hard wet kiss on his lips then shoves him back violently, forcing him to sit on the edge of her bed.
Wayland smiles up at his captain as his eyes admire her fit female form. 
With burning passionate eyes, her chest heaving, Beverley reaches up to release her hair letting it fall loosely about her shoulders. She then reaches to her chest to grip the zipper on the front of her uniform and prepares to pull it down. 
Wayland watches in anxious anticipation, hungry for the view of his captains well-toned naked body. 
Teasingly, Beverly plays with her zipper.  Chief Wayland, I have a special assignment for you, Beverly says huskily releasing a sexy grunt.
My honor is to serve you, my captain. Wayland declares huskily. Wayland licks his lips.
Ahem! a voice sounds nearby.
Beverlys face suddenly becomes confused. She turns her head toward the desk nearby. On the flat screen of her console is the face of Jason Drake looking at her with amusement. Beverly frowns, and then pushes Wayland, forcing him to lie back on her bed. How the hell did you get on my private channel? she asks angrily. She straightens herself and approaches the computer console.
Well Beverly, I see not much has changed, obviously crew morale is something you still take very personally, Jason says with a smirk.
Fuck you, Drake. You are a wanted criminal and I have nothing to say to you.  But if you want to stay on my channel, so I can trace you, then by all means keep talking, Beverly warns. She sits in her chair and starts typing onto her keyboard, presumably to start a trace. What the hell happened to your face, you look all blue and what's with the bald look? Although, it does look kind of sexy on you.
I had a make over. You know you can't trace my signal and if you tried you would end up stuck in a jump loop for five months, just ask Captain Rogers, Jason reminds her with a grin.
Commander Rogers, now. See what you do to people, you son of a bitch? Beverly asks with a slight smirk. Messing with static jump portals is just low, Jason, even for you.
You never did like Rogers anyway, Jason observes.
Not in the slightest. So are you sneaking past security and onto my private channel for another free show? Beverly asks. An amusing shared memory sparks a smile on her lips.
Fun times, but no. I need to ask you a favor, as my former first officer, Jason replies seriously.
A favor? Beverly laughs. Are you fucking kidding me?
This is serious, Bev. Im calling in my chips, Jason states evenly.
Beverly immediately stops laughing and her expression becomes serious. Anytime Jason, her former captain, saved her life he would simply tell her, thats a chip you owe me. Beverly was certain, had there been real chips, they would easily fill a desk drawer. I'm listening, Boss, Beverly replies using the old moniker for her former Captain.
On my signal, be in Earth orbit with guns blazing, you will know the targets when you see them, Jason orders. Use the super secret emergency lunar jump portal. I've tried to warn your brass that an attack is coming but they won't hear anything I have to say. When the attack comes, your people are going to need you in orbit. This isn't going to be easy, Bev, but I will do what I can.
Targets? Who is attacking us, captain? Beverly asks, her eyes serious. And how the hell do you know about an emergency jump portal that just went online last week?
It is going to be a superior force with superior fire power. Like I said, your bosses are not listening to me. It will happen soon and I will send a signal when I know for sure, Jason assures her. I know they have you chasing pirates through the Ort Cloud, but you better hang close to the closest static jump portal.
Beverly frowns. She looks back over her shoulder at the big handsome young officer lying on her bed. She turns back toward the screen. How much time do I have? she asks.
Jason laughs heartily. By all means finish what you started, I know how much you enjoy your downtime.
A slight blush appears on her cheeks. Ill await your signal, Beverly assures.
Have fun and try not work him to hard, he looks a little soft for you, Jason says with a wink.
Beverly looks back over her shoulder to make a quick assessment of her lover. Giggling she looks back at her console only to find it has gone dark. She shakes her head, gets up and walks back to the bed. Chief Wayland, you didn't hear anything just now, did you?
No sir, I wasn't even here, sir, the chief responds seriously.
Very good. Carry on chief, the captain orders stiffly.
Wayland sits up, grabs the captain and pulls her down onto the bed on top of him. 
*****
Lance opens his eyes and blinks up at the pinkish colored ceiling of his old apartment on Irridani. He bolts upright in his bed and looks down at himself. He gasps with astonishment to find that he has returned to the smooth, toned and sculptured body he had been so proud of for most of his life. Closing his eyes he slides his hands up and down his smooth chest and then along the length of both his arms with each hand, savoring the sensation under his fingertips and flesh.  
I am back. I am beautiful again, he whispers to himself happily. He slides his hands up through his soft black hair, grinning with elation. I am back! he cries out happily. He feels tears forming in his eyes.
A musical tone chimes and Lance snaps his eyes back open. He looks over to a dresser across from his bed where a black personal communicator sits, chirping merrily. Lance extends his hand and the PCD flies across the room and lands directly into his hand. With a jaunty flick of his thumb he turns the device on and places it against his ear. Hey Hey! Lance states cheerfully while quickly swinging his legs out of bed and jumping to his feet. He is wearing nothing but a tight pair of black bikini briefs.
Lance, Quinton here, a happy but deep voice announces in his ear.
Hi precious, whats new?  Lance asks happily. Lance walks to the window and pulls the silver drapes aside, flooding the room with bright bluish sunlight.
Lance squints for a moment letting his eyes adjust. The cityscape of Solstice, Irridanis capital city, comes into view, its tall pointed spires reaching skyward as hovercraft crisscross and swoop around and in between the buildings. Far below, the narrow crisscrossing streets of the city endure a steady flow of ground traffic that moves in all directions.
Great news, Lance. Ive got you booked for the Grand Ceremony at The Coliseum! You get to be the opening act welcoming the biosynth fleet. You even get to introduce the chancellor, Quinton says with glee.
Lance screams happily and spins about gracefully. Quinton! I could kiss you!
Lets face it, you are a hit! They are even considering your request to include one of their dragonships in your act, Quinton adds with enthusiasm.
Shit! Quinton, I had the wackiest dream! You will not believe it, Lance gasps holding his hand to his chest.
You can tell me about that later. This thing is tomorrow night, you need to get your buns down to the Coliseum and get this thing choreographed. I already called the girls and they are on their way, Quinton explains.
Whos the lead? Not that chubby human girl is it, cause eww, Lance frowns and waves his hand in front of his face as if to brush away a bad smell.
I know how you feel about humans, but the treaty
Oh please, can we just not do the political thing. Really its not that she is human, shes just got really big ankles and she isnt very good. She can be in the chorus, just not the lead, Lance laments.
Ill call down and tell Martha, Im sure she can fix that for you, Quinton assures.
You are the best, Quinton. I am on my way, Lance announces.
Dont go downstairs, there is a shuttle waiting for you on the roof, Quinton informs him happily.
A shuttle? Wow, Lance replies with happy shock.
Hey, you are the opening act for the biggest event of the decade. After I get off the phone, Im getting you signed up on the circuit, Quinton assures. You better get used to shuttles from now on.
I am so excited. I cant believe it! Lance exclaims, his eyes bright and happy.
This is it Lance, come tomorrow night, everyone will know who you are, Quinton assures him.
The floor beneath him shudders and the window shatters. Lance is thrown into the wall painfully. A brilliant light from outside soaks the room. 
Lance! What the hellget to the shuttlehurry the personal communicator crackles and dies.  
Groaning with pain, Lance picks himself off the floor and glances out his window.  In the distance a column of fire with a mushroom top rises into the sky.
Not again! Lance screams. His voice echoes through his head; through eternity.
Lance snaps his eyes open. He is surrounded by silence. He sees stars and recognizes the outside hull and transparent bulkheads of Refuge Station. His head smolders with an intense throbbing ache and every joint in his massive body burns painfully. He glances down at his chest where some of his scales have slid aside and a docking column has attached itself to a hatchway.
Transparent bulkheads on the docking column reveal people moving in and out of his body. Lance closes his eyes and can suddenly feel them, crawling around inside him. He feels them fiddling with things and touching his insides. To him they feel like little parasites attempting to live inside his body. Lance shakes his massive head and tries to scream but no sound is heard in the vacuum of space.  
I used to be beautiful, Lance tells himself. I was going to be a star.  

*****
Lances CIC smells like an open sewer where rotting flesh had been dumped. A dozen technicians are busy attempting to repair holoterminals and affixing industrial looking metal chairs to the rusted and stained deck. Periodically one of the technicians starts to cough, holding their stomachs, trying desperately not to puke. 
A witchkin officer, dressed in a long black leather jacket steps through the hatchway and chokes with revulsion from the smell.
All the technicians immediately straighten and salute the witchkin by slapping their chests with their fists.
Back at it, then, the officer rasps with disgust. He looks at one of the human technicians standing nearby. Is this how your ships usually smell?
The technician had been carefully examining the interior of an open power panel.  He gives the witchkin officer a defiantly hard look. This room was a coffin for over a year, he explains with annoyance.
Oh, Im sorry ape man, was one of your boyfriends in here? Did I hit a sore spot with you? the witchkin asks angrily. Who do you think you are talking to anyway, ape boy?
The technician drops his tools and they clang onto the metal deck. He stands and regards the witchkin officer with cold eyes. Im only here for my wife and children, sir.
Oh thats right, you put your disgusting seed in one of our women and somehow that makes you part of our community. Guess again, ape, the witchkin declares viciously. Pick up your tools and get back to work!
QUIET! Lances voice booms over the speakers.
Prince Lance, my apologies your highness, the witchkin officer declares. I was putting this human in his place, sir.
Human? Witchkin? What am I? What are you compared to me now? Lance asks loudly, his voice screeching.
Sir, you are our Imperial Prince, of course, the witchkin replies.
I am a DRAGON! Lance screams. What the fuck are you doing in my body?
Sir, we are setting up the control systems of youryour ship sir so we can proudly fly with you into battle and
How can you fly with me when you are inside me? You feel like earwigs crawling around under my skin! Lance declares with disgust.
Sir, Lady Solendria has commissioned me to command your crew sir. I am Captain
You are Captain Earwig! Lance scoffs. What do you plan to do inside my body? I dont need a crew! Im a fucking dragon, dumbass! How did you get to be a Captain anyway? Have you commanded anything besides your dick?
With respect sir
Respect? Are you kidding me, earwig? Lance asks furiously. You are standing inside my body, talking about respect? I think you are seriously missing my point, retard!
Perhaps you should speak with Empress Solendria. She made it quite clear that I would command your crew
Captain Earwig, by the exalted power vested in me and my somewhat obvious nature of being a goddamn fucking dragon, I herby resign your bullshit commission, asshole! Lance declares viciously.
ButEmpress Solendria.I dont think you can do that, Captain Earwig says skeptically.
You are the stupidest witchkin I have ever met, Lance declares. I can do whatever I want. Its my body. Too bad you cant take a hint.
Earwigs eyes suddenly widen. Without warning all the air is drawn out of the CIC and everyone inside is suddenly sucked out the hatchway.

*****
In space Lances eyes turn crimson. One by one, outer hatches open, venting the air inside his body out into space. Inner hatches also open. Lance grins as he feels the parasites moving around inside his body, running for their lives, trying to escape. Lance extends his wings, fires his reactor and starts to pull on the docking column attached to his body.

*****
Gwendolyn is a curvaceous tall girl in her early twenties with icy blue eyes and a natural glow to her ivory face. Her long blond hair is always straight, shiny and well kept. Even while living as a refugee in the mines of Calliope the young witchkin somehow managed to maintain her gorgeous appearance, which could partially explain why Solendria noticed her in the first place. The other factor that may have intrigued the empress was Gwendolyns prodigy skill levels with energy manipulation. 
Despite dressing provocatively in short skirts and revealing tops, Gwendolyn has shown little interest in pair bonding with anyone. For her the idea of romance is a great deal of work with unnecessary drama and a complete waste of time. Besides, in her mind, she couldnt imagine anyone who could possibly be suited or appropriate for her as a mate. While the witchkin race was now an endangered species, Gwendolyn wasnt about to lower her extremely high standards to even entertain the possibility of being anyones mate; certainly not now when her skills were needed to promote and defend the will of her empress. This, of course, did not mean she did not appreciate the advantages her beauty created.
Empress Solendria had bestowed upon Gwendolyn the royal title of, Duchess of Calliope.  Before the catastrophe, nobody had bestowed anything on her. Her entire family had all been killed on Irridani, so Gwendolyn was more than happy to join the royal family of the First Witchkin Dynasty. Her title gave her power over the only remaining witchkin settlement in the galaxy; Gwendolyn enjoyed this power very much. She liked that her people looked up to her, but also that they feared her. As much as she missed her old family and world, she very much appreciated the respect that she now enjoyed.
Everyday her people look down upon the corpse of their old lives and let the anger seethe in their blood. Everyday the cry for justice is heard and every day Solendria answers with a confident soon." With justice now close at hand, Gwendolyn could feel a palatable excitement flowing through her people. She is proud to be an instrument of righteousness and more than happy to prove to the galaxy that the witchkin are superior to all. Never again will the witchkin lower their guard; never again will they suffer. For those few who disagree, Gwendolyn feels only pity.
Gwendolyn exits her shuttle, an old TDF model that has been crudely repaired. Emblazed on the wings of the royal shuttle is a decal of a fist squeezing a bolt of electricity. She steps onto the main dock of Refuge Station, and ignores the excited looks given her by two young handsome witchkin men. 
The men are dressed in overalls and are removing heavy containers with their minds from the hold of a docked transport ship. One of the workers regards Gwendolyn with hungry eyes as he admires Gwendolyns swaying hips, pouted lips and cute innocent look as she sashays down the corridor toward the elevator bank.
CRASH
A container is noisily dropped. Shouts and expletives echo through the dock as the two men angrily rebuke each other. The contents of the container, terran assault rifles, have spilled out onto the dock floor. 
Gwendolyn continues to pretend the two men do not exist as she waits for the elevator. She cant help but stand in the most provocative yet dignified pose she can muster. As the elevator door opens she throws the two men the slightest look; this evokes smiles from both workers, even as they busy themselves with cleaning up the mess they made. 
The elevator vibrates noisily as it makes its way up the spine of Refuge Station, which had been originally built by the terrans and abandoned after their alleged witchkin genocide. After many boring seconds the slow elevator finally comes to stop and opens into The Gallery, a cathedral like room with tall ceilings and large transparent bulkheads designed for occupants to enjoy the view outside the station. 
Gwendolyn was expecting to find Empress Solendria waiting for her, but much to her surprise the great room is empty, save for two bulky modified biowarriors, their single red glowing eye looking at her dispassionately.
Duchess Gwendolyn, they both intone simultaneously and mechanically, a slight burp to their imperfect voices.
Gwendolyn narrows her eyes at them both and with a smirk on her lips snaps out her hand. Her third eye suddenly flashes crimson and both biowarriors suddenly fall to their knees with a mechanical crack. Kneel before Royalty you disgusting wretches.
Very good, Gwendolyn. Always demand respect, Solendria advises sternly. Her body shimmers into view behind the young duchess.
Smiling, Gwendolyn turns to face her benefactor with surprise. You must have translocated, I didn't see you when I came in, Gwendolyn says happily. She puts a hop into her step as she moves toward the Empress who is elegantly dressed in a long silver gown.
Tell me something Gwendolyn, if you demand such respect from my soldiers, does the Empress not deserve equal respect? Solendria asks with a smirk.
Well yes of course...I... Gwendolyn's smile disappears. She gasps and falls to her knees. Suddenly she flops painfully onto her face hitting the synthetic hardwood floor of The Gallery. Her bare legs flail out the bottom of her short skirt.
Solendria holds out her hand, her angry third eye blazing. Lance made this mistake from the start and I let him get away with it for to long, but I don't think I will do that with you. How does one address the Empress?
Yes my lady, I am so sorry. Please forgive me, Gwendolyn gasps. Empress Solendria, my duty is your service.
Better, but let us not forget again, Solendria warns. She relaxes her hand.
Gwendolyn gasps for air. With unsteady legs and shaking arms she pulls herself back to her feet. 
Walk with me, Solendria requests tersely turning her back
Gwendolyn, holding her chest and breathing deeply for a moment, throws Solendria a furious sneer. But then she steps forward follows her empress. 
Solendria leads the duchess out the opposite exit and onto another observation deck. More towering transparent bulkheads surround the two witchkin women. The view looks down upon the outside docking ring where docking columns are connected to several large ships. One is the winged monstrosity named Lance, but four others are huge oval shaped grey transports, twice the size of the dragonship. Custom biowarriors of unique design are seen marching down the docking columns, in single file.  
So we are going to war then. It is happening, Gwendolyn muses. With a large satisfied smile on her young red lips, the duchess watches the steady march of biowarriors into the transports.
By attempting to destroy us the humans have decided which world I shall rule from. We are going to take Earth as new home. Some humans well enslavemost will die. Solendria explains. She turns to regard the young duchess. With Prince Lances metamorphosis I need a new second at my side.
Gwendolyn releases a happy gasp. It would be my honor to serve you Empress, Gwendolyn replies.
Excellent, we will make a formidable team, you and I, Solendria assures. She turns back to look out at the docking ring.
Empress, will you still be addressing the colony? The new coliseum is ready and everyone will come to hear you speakif that is your desire. Gwendolyn states proudly.
Excellent idea duchess. The witchkin race needs to know that victory is at hand, Solendria replies grandly. Their patience will be rewarded.
The door to the observation deck noisily slides aside. Zachary and Meagan step into the gallery and quickly approach. Once within half a meter, they both immediately genuflect, their eyes to the ground. 
Empress Solendria, my duty is to serve.  They both intone simultaneously.
Ah, Zachary, Meagan, Solendria says. She looks at Gwendolyn and raises her eyebrows. Seems not everyone is so forgetful of their manners.
Gwendolyn looks down at the deck, feigning shame, but her eyes smolder silently.
Please stand my friends. Thank you for coming, Solendria says happily, raising her arms for emphasis.
Zachary and Meagan come to their feet. They glance toward Gwendolyn and nod with respect.
Gwendolyn returns an innocent smile in their direction.
A big toothy grin forms on Zacharys face. Meagan steps back, her eyes distant and her body slightly on edge.
Empress, I was so flattered you called for my service once again. I apologize for my behavior at Pan Amalthea, I was overwhelmed, my lady, by the intensity of the moment, Zachary explains nervously.
Don't give it a second thought, my friend, Prince Lance tends to have that effect on everyone, including me from time to time, Solendria laughs cheerfully. Lucky for us he is a dragon now; the terrans can deal with him, but I doubt they will have any better luck than we have.
Zachary chuckles lightly with Solendria. But neither Gwendolyn nor Meagan shares in the amusement.
Zachary, Meaganyou have served the empire well, but I think you will be most pleased with your next assignment, Solendria states proudly. I want you both to lead the vanguard against our murders.
Ohthank you, Zachary chokes. This is such an honor, my Empress. Ever since I lost my family at the hands of thoseI've been waiting for this moment every since.
Your moment is at hand, my friend, Solendria assures him, clapping her hands together. Please report to Commander Valkyrie in the docking bay. He has your orders.
Long live the Empire! Zachary intones proudly. He turns on his heels and walks toward the open hatchway, tall and proud.  
For a long uncomfortable moment, Meagan looks upon her Empress skeptically, pushing the acceptable limit of eye contact before nodding her head and saying, Long live the Empire. Turning on her heels she follows her companion, ignoring Solendria's icy stare on her back.
Zachary is a monkey and Meaganshes never fully embraced your throne, my lady, Gwendolyn warns.
Im no fool duchess, Solendria says with a laugh. Those two are going on their final mission. Neither fools nor skeptics are welcome in my court.
Just then there is a loud knock against the transparent bulkhead. 
Gwendolyn and Solendria turn around with alarm. 
Hovering outside is the massive witchkin dragonship Lance, taking up the entire field of view. He reaches out with his clawed hand and again taps the transparent bulkhead lightly sending vibrations all the way through the deck plates. Dragonship Lance has a strange grin on his face. 
With an astonished look on her face Gwendolyn moves forward and looks through the transparent bulkheads. Her eyes move from the gigantic form of the dragon to the docking ring below, where Lance had been only moments earlier. She gasps at the sight of the torn docking column. Air is hemorrhaging from the jagged wound, jetting into space. Floating nearby the broken column is various forms of debris. Gwendolyn has the strange thought that some of the pieces appear to look like dead bodies.
Solendria sighs and steps to a communications panel embedded inside a support column nearby. She presses a few buttons then looks out toward Lance. I suppose you are trying to be amusing? Solendria asks.
Just trying to get your attentionhello, Lances voice crackles over the speaker. Once again you arent returning my calls. Hi Gwen, Lance waves with his massive clawed fingers.
Your majesty, Prince Lance, Gwendolyn says formally. She performs a curtsy, an amused smile forming on her lips.
Oh please, no need to be so formal, Lance replies flicking his wrist and looking away. Old sour puss over there really gets off on the royalty bit, but reallywhat a pain in the ass!
Solendria growls and gives Gwendolyn a cold look, indicating that the transformed Prince's opinion is not shared.
Gwendolyn, her eyes wide, looks away trying desperately not to laugh.
Prince Lance, you obviously have something very important to say, otherwise I am sure you would have waited before tearing out a perfectly good docking column.
My head is killing me and I just can't float still. I need to be doing something, Lance explains whimsically. I have an idea, how about I zip over to Earth and blow the shit out of something? Lances eyes switch from green to blood red and a horrific sneer forms on his monstrous face. 
Prince Lance, I must insist that you be patient, Empress Solendria replies sternly. I have a very specific plan in mind, but considering your flamboyant way of failing my objectives, you will forgive me if I keep things to myself going forward. In the meantime, it is best that you wait.
I am not going to wait forever, Lance promises with a growl. Oh, by the way. I thought it was so sweet of you to give me some companions to play with. Unfortunately I got bored with them real fast.
Solendrias eyes suddenly widen. What did you do? She demands.
I am no longer a weak witchkin trickster. I will not entertain a crew within my bowels. Im a powerful dragon, more powerful than even you can possibly imagine. I gave your crew a chance to depart but in the end they chose to sacrifice themselves for your magnificence, Lance explains with contempt.
Solendria darts away from the communication panel and looks out the transparent bulkhead and down at the docking ring. Her third eye sizzles to life in her forehead. She clenches her fists; sparks crackling around her knuckles.
I suspect the crew you sent me had a purpose you arent telling me, but I can easily guess. So lets get something straight. No little parasites are allowed inside my body, ever! Lance growls. I wont be sabotaged from within.
You idiot, you killed witchkin! Are you not aware how few of us remain? Solendria asks with disgust.
I am not witchkin anymore, bitch! I am a dragon! Dont you dare forget it! Lance warns angrily. I serve you no longer. It is only your plan that keeps me here now, but dont think that you control me or you will regret it.
Solendria, her body shaking, slowly smiles. Her third eye vanishes. We both want the same thing, Solendria states through clenched teeth. We can help each other.
Then no more bullshit! No more parasitic invasions! Im my own dragon. What we have is a contract to slaughter humans, thats all! Lance declares.
Very well, Prince Lance, Solendria replies. I think we have an understanding.
Finally! Now when do we go to Earth? Lance asks anxiously.
Preparations are not yet complete. We must act according to plan. Leaving prematurely would be a mistake. Solendria explains.
Keep in mind, empress, Lance states. My patience has limits.
 In the meantime, I have decided to reassure my people. Prince Lance, You are welcome to assist me with this task. Seeing and hearing you will boost their morale a great deal. I know how much you enjoy a good show, I think it would be wonderful if you made a special guest appearance, Solendria offers with a smile.
Lance makes a fist and places it under his chin, Hmm, a show. I always enjoyed putting on a show. That could be fun. Yesa chance to show off my new look. A chance to be adored once more. Okay I'm inbut we leave after the show. In the meantime...
In the meantime, Prince Lance, you need to practice flying! You did not exactly perform to your potential during your last encounter with the biosynths. I strongly suggest you go fly laps around the moon a few times until we are ready for you at the coliseum, Solendria says.
A look of deep hurt appears on the dragons face. Easy for you to be so critical, you don't know what its like being a dragon, Lance laments. I doubt you could do much better. Fine! Ill fly some laps, I need to clear my aching head anyway. Lance turns, flaps his wings and soars away from the station.
Gwendolyn glances back at her empress, who angrily watches Prince Lance glide away. He is going to be problem for you after the humans are subdued, Gwendolyn notes.
Solendria slowly turns her head to regard her new second-in-command. Then, duchess, I suggest you take care of this threat to the empire the moment the opportunity presents itself.
As you command, Gwendolyn replies with a knowing smirk.

Chapter Fourteen

Doctor Dresden and Aria, both perplexed, stand on either side of a display table where the sword that was jammed into Aria's shoulder on Neo Utopia spins.  Both have their arms crossed and both have wrinkled foreheads although Dresden's wrinkles are far more pronounced. Dresden raises his right hand to rub his chin.
The signal was modified to affect me alone and they figured out which signal by studying Maya's DNA, Aria states.
It was likely an educated guess on their part, but yes, that is how they precisely achieved the suppression of your abilities, Dresden confirms. They needed to be as precise as possible or they could have accidentally nullified the witch hunter's temporary powers by mistake.
We don't have a sample of Lance's DNA so we can't...
Even if we did, I wouldn't know where to start, Dresden confesses with an amused grunt.
This frequency, you don't understand how it works, but we know it works. Is it possible that a wider frequency can be used, with a much higher power source? Aria asks.
I'm afraid I don't understand, Dresden replies with a cocked eyebrow.
What if we just launch a spawn designed to release a high frequency, full spectrum pulse of the same energy she used to nullify me? Aria asks.
Well, I suppose that would theoretically nullify all witchkin in range, assuming we are comprehending the frequency and energy distribution correctly, Dresden states his eyes widening. But that won't work because you and Maya would be nullified as well, you would have no abilities.
So? Aria asks. We know the effect is temporary. She looks up at Dresden and regards him with serious eyes.
Dresden blinks a couple of times. Are you sure? Dresden asks with surprise.
Get to work on it, Doctor. We need something to even the field and this could be it, Aria states. 
Doctor Dresden looks upon the spinning broken sword then at the data stream on the holoscreen nearby. He shakes his head. I'm going to need help with this, Dresden declares.
Aria slaps the doctor on the back and turns to walks over to where Maya is strapped into a chair.
Dresden reaches down, grabs the sword and marches out of the lab with purposeful steps.
Maya's eyes are closed, and a beam of red laser light is blazing against her forehead where her open third eye has again appeared. 
Close by, Lisa Everett is monitoring Maya's progress on a holoscreen while typing on her holoterminal.
Her previous syncing was very crude and painful by the looks of it. Maya doesn't appear to remember any of it, probably had to block it. Your witchkin friend is very cruel, Lisa states without looking away from her work.
She isn't anyone's friend, least of all mine, Aria replies. Lisa I really wish you and I could be friends.
Are you kidding? Lisa asks with a surprised laugh. Commander, I am very happy with what I am doing, it is very important and I love working with the biosynths. I love helping them thrive as much as I am able to. When the time comes Im going to join them on their mission. You on the other hand are a bitch and if you weren't my Commander, and a witchkin, I would kick your ass. There is not a single thing I like about you.
I am sorry you feel that way, Aria states, sighing with disappointment. Aria runs her fingers down Maya's cheek, smiling at her. Carry on, Doctor.
Yes sir, Lisa replies with disinterest while continuing to work.

*****
Jason is feeling much more comfortable in black combat pants, a t-shirt and a leather jacket. It may not be his original clothes, not that they would fit him anymore anyway, but his preferred attire feels far better than the standard biosynth uniform. He feels lucky that the biosynth tailor is so fast and skilled, and that there was material in storage to complete his new outfit. Strapped to his thigh is his new and improved pistol that had already proven itself to be more than adequate on Pan Amalthea. 
Jason steps off the elevator and onto the docking ring level. He proceeds to Dock Six, taking the small personnel entrance and walking into the large cavernous dock. 
Jason sighs, remembering a time when he came to this very dock to speak with Blade, the oldest and largest in the dragon fleet. Blade was also very skilled at playing chess; a game Jason had not played since the tragedy in Irridani orbit. 
Jason walks to the end of the catwalk and looks down over the rail. Below him is what appears to be the skeletal structure of a dragonship and hovering just above it is a sleek, green little biomechanical dragon; perhaps not so little except in comparison to the skeleton. Dagger is about the size of a humped back whale, which is very large by human standards. Jason places two fingers into his mouth and whistles down sharply.
The little dragon is inspecting his work having just connected some critical joints. While he is fairly certain the work is flawless, Dagger wants to be one hundred percent sure of it; after all, this skeleton will soon be a critical part of his future body. Hearing Jason's whistle his metal mouth produces a metallic scrape sound as it forms into a smile. He snaps his head up to look at the catwalk far above and makes a joyful hoot sound before flapping his wings and soaring upward swiftly. He reaches the catwalk in seconds and hovers at Jason's eye level.  Captain Drake, Dagger says excitedly in a quick high-pitched voice, so good to see you sir.
Good to see you too my young friend. How is your body coming along? Jason asks with interest.
Oh such good timing, Captain, I just finished the skeleton and I must say it is perfect. I am very anxious to start applying the ligatures and biotechs.  My CPU controls and cortex housing is in Dock Three and as soon as the biotechs are ready, Lisa and her technicians are going to help me install it, Dagger replies with great excitement.
It sounds like you are very anxious to grow up, Jason observes.
Yes, my adolescence was fun and I felt very safe here on Sanctuary, but I am feeling what Warrior refers to as, 'the itch', my need to be of service to the universe and fly amongst the stars, Dagger says grandly.
We are all very pleased to hear that. Warrior and Doctor Everett are very proud of you, Jason says.
Captain, I cannot help but notice that you have been altered. I had heard you had an accident, but I am so glad you are fine, and I must say your new biosynthetic augmentations suit you well, Dagger declares.
Thank you, Dagger, that means a great deal coming from you, Jason says with a smile. Dagger you are very smart and Lisa did mention I was coming down here didn't she?
Yes Captain, she did indeed, Dagger admits. Since I am not an adult and obviously so small, I am not required to serve the biosynth fleet, but Lisa told me you would be extending me an invitation to do so and that you would be giving me an assignment.
That is correct. How do you feel about that, Dagger? Jason asks.
I am very anxious to complete my adult body, but I also understand that what is happening is very important and that our very way of life is at stake, this of course makes my work on my body somewhat irrelevant and so my assistance would be of far greater importance. I therefore humbly accept your invitation, sir. Dagger states confidently. Besides this will give me a wonderful opportunity to practice my skills and prove myself to you.
Thank you Dagger, I appreciate that. Do you understand that your life will be at risk? Jason asks. Serving and following orders can result in your death. It is a consequence all pilots of the dragon fleet must accept.
Yes, I do understand that. I also understand that doing nothing could result in the same outcome. I would much rather face that eventuality head on, Dagger says bravely. Biosynth dragons were designed to fight and diebut I am one of the first to have been integrated with a choice to do so.
Spoken like a true dragon. You are a fine addition to the fleet. I promise you, when this is over, we will target our resources to getting you into that body of yours, Jason assures.
Thank you, Captain. I would very much appreciate that, Dagger says happily. He suddenly straightens, and performs a stiff salute. What are my orders, sir?
The first thing I want you to do is practice space flight and jumping. I want you to jump to a harmless system, take some pictures, fly around some moons, maybe test your guns on an asteroid and return here with a status report, Jason says. When you get back, Ill give you another recon mission.
Very good sir. I think I will jump to Irridani, I have heard so much about it and have been very curious about the place, Dagger instantly decides.
Jasons face instantly saddens. We tend to avoid that system, it is like a graveyard for most of usbut it is a good idea. It has been a very long time since anyone has gone there. If you detect any traces or signals go ahead and investigate them.
Very good sir, I will return in the hour, Dagger assures.
Carry on, Dagger, Jason replies, returning a stiff salute.
Aye Captain, Dagger replies enthusiastically.
Jason turns and leaves, sealing the personnel door behind him. 
Dagger looks about then swiftly wings his way up toward the ceiling where an oval hole large enough for him to glide up into waits. Through the hole and looking ahead of him is a long tube with a hatch at the end. 
Dragonet Dagger to Dock Control, request clearance to launch, Dock Six, Juvenile Tube, Dagger states out loud, but also broadcasting on the station channel.
Dagger, you are clear for recon patrol. Closing inner hatch, a cheerful male voice crackles over the station channel.
Below him a door slides into place sealing the large bay below. Dagger loads the portal activation calculations he made for Irridani a very long time ago when he was learning about such things from Warrior, his mentor.
Opening outer hatch, proceed with launch. You are clear on all vectors and portal activation at safe distance, the male voice announces. Be careful sir.
Acknowledged Dock Control, Dagger replies.
Ahead of him there is a sudden hiss and a great pull as all the air is sucked from the tube. Dagger is then greeted by complete silence  an odd sensation. Dagger thrusts ahead and reaches an amazing speed before he even clears the tube. To anyone looking outside Sanctuary he appears like a streak of light firing out into space. A shot of energy from his nostrils opens a small portal ahead of him that he clears in mere seconds. His size and speed makes the transit much quicker than when Warrior performs the same manoeuver. 
Dagger bursts through the other side of the event horizon above dead Irridani, which fills his view. Immediately the young dragon begins taking pictures and scanning for signals. Much to his surprise, Dagger intercepts many signals and sources. Instinctively, Dagger quickly focuses his scans and begins recording the transmissions. He soon realizes all of signals seem to be coming from Calliope. Dagger extends his wings and swoops toward the yellow moon, spinning and gliding from side to side happily. 
At first Dagger is not the least alarmed by the signals until something within the babble of voices catches his attention; a single word -  'Solendria.' Dagger isolates and rewinds the suspect transmission he was recording and plays it back.
Children of Irridani, our Empress, Solendria, will be addressing her people at the Coliseum. All citizens are required to attend, a young female voice announces over a wide spectrum transmission meant to reach a wide audience. Long live the first witchkin dynasty.
Solendria is here? Dagger asks himself with surprise. Thats not good. 
Dagger comes to a stop. Ahead of him is the yellow moon that now fills his sky and not far off is Refuge Station where Solendria's Jumpship is docked. Dagger performs a narrow turn and quickly prepares to jump back to Sanctuary. Complex calculations race through his mind while he adjusts his flight vector. Meanwhile he begins to charge the portal emitter. Dagger chides himself for not making those calculations immediately upon arrival; in his mind he can hear Warrior swearing at him. The emitter timer sounds at almost the same instant his calculations are complete. Instantly he sends the data to the emitter control andeverything suddenly goes dark.

*****
Lisa is studying something on her HUD when she feels hands slipping about her waist. With surprise she turns to see Jason; dressed only his black combat pants, his smooth muscular chest, tinged with the blue color of his biosynthetic augmentation, on glorious display. His piercing blue eyes glint and bore into hers with a passion she had only dreamed of. 
Jason, what are you doing? Lisa asks breathlessly.
Jason pulls her to him, one manly hand pressed into the small of her back, the other sliding up her body to grope under her lab coat. He covers her mouth with his and kisses her deeply and intently.  
Lisa groans with pleasure, her hands gliding down his smooth back and over the fabric covering his buttocks. Dreamily, Lisa pulls her lips from his and he proceeds to devour her neck, sucking her flesh, while pulling her lab coat open. He places his hands on her waist and easily he lifts her up and onto an examination table close by.
Oh Jason, yes, Lisa gasps happily. She does not care how or why he has come to her, she has wanted this for so very long. She runs her hands up his blue-tinged face and over his smooth bald head while staring into his shiny blue eyes.  Her heart is filled with pure joy as finally her wish comes true and the man of her dreams has finally found his way to her.
Jason slides his hands up her bare legs, grips her thighs firmly and while looking into Lisa's smoldering love starved eyes says in a very mechanical voice, Synchronization Sequence Complete.
What? Lisa asks breathlessly, shaking her head.
Doctor Everett? Are you awake?
Lisa Everett's eyes flash open and she sits up with a start. She looks around, pulse elevated and panting. She is in her lab, sitting in an unused examination chair. Across from her, lying in her own reclined examination chair is the sleeping child, Maya. Above her head a laser emitter dangles lifelessly.
Doctor Everett? Are you okay? Warrior asks over the speakers.	
Yes, of course, I fell asleep. Damn it!  Lisa curses with disappointment, punching her fist into the examination chair. She winces.
The door to the lab slides open and Aria strides in confidently. Doctor?
Lisa looks at Aria with a start, her face a mask of guilt. It was nothing, Lisa exclaims.
What was nothing? Aria asks curiously.
Lisa blinks - the flog of sleep floating from her mind. It was nothing to...synchronize Maya here. She is all set, right Warrior?
There is a brief pause before Warrior speaks, yes, the sequence is complete and while calling it nothing is an understatement in my opinion, I suppose if that is a measure of success we can be glad for it.  Warrior replies stiffly.
Exactly, Lisa replies with a nervous smile and a slight laugh.
Aria cocks her eyebrow. How long till she wakes? she asks, walking up to her daughter and running her hand through her hair.
Within thirty minutes and then we can take her to Warrior, Lisa replies.
Better make that an hour, Warrior corrects. Your people are still working on my claws, teeth and tail.
Aria raises her eyebrow again then turns to exit the far side of the lab. She follows the corridor to the dock door that opens for her automatically. As soon as she steps inside the huge dock she is greeted by the sounds of screaming and sawing. Aria looks over the side of the catwalk. 
Warrior is on her back and looks like she is getting a big make over. Scaffolding has been set up to allow half a dozen technicians, dressed in orange environment suits, to work on each claw. Using various devices and tools the technicians coat a layer of a black sticky substance onto each talon and smooth it into place. A few more technicians are working the end of her tail while another dozen are inside her open mouth working on each of her sharp teeth.
We are putting a carbonate composite coating on her physical defensive devices, Lisa states, walking up from behind, having followed Aria into the dock.
Aria looks at Lisa curiously.
Dragon scale is tough. In theory, this extra coating will allow her to sink her teeth into the problem, if you get my drift...in theory, Lisa explains.
Good idea. Keep up the good work Doctor, Aria says simply. She turns and leaves Lisa on the catwalk. 
Lisa releases a sigh of relief as she leans over the rail, holding her head in her hands. Below, the technicians busy themselves while Warrior looks away with distance contemplative blue eyes.
The dock door again opens and the distinctive heavy footfalls of a biowarrior are heard. Lisa has an idea of who it might be but chooses to continue regaining her composure, rather than turning.
Doctor Everett? Are you well? Red asks in an uncharacteristically soft tone, his voice crackling with deep mechanical intonation.
Red, I'm fine, thank you for asking, Lisa says as she straightens and turns.
She looks upon Red and her eyes soften. A smile forms on her lips. Red's normally blazing eyes seem very much gentler than usual having changed to a light blue color. Lisa also notes that his metal skin has once again been repaired.  The carbonate coating has been applied and polished to give him a shiny black appearance. Red, you look great, Lisa complements with a nervous laugh.
Red's eyes flash pink for a moment then return to their softer tone. Thank you, Lisa, Red says. I came to let you know that the Techs have completed their mission.  My squad and the others have been augmented. We have loaded the new rounds into our magazines and our brothers from the reserve squad are waiting in Dock 8.

Very good, Sergeant, that is ahead of schedule, Lisa observes.
We are all very anxious to get into the fight, doctor, Red replies. He looks away for a moment as if to contemplate something. Lisa, I maybe a warrior, but I want you to know that I, all of us that is, appreciate your care and concern for our well being and the respect you have shown us. Where we are from we are mere tools and are treated as such.
You are more than welcome, you are all individuals and very special to me, Lisa states emphatically with serious uncompromising eyes.
You are very special to me as well, Lisa Everett, Red replies. He pauses for a moment then quickly turns to march out of the docking bay. Lisa smiles as she watches him go. Biowarrior or not he is very sweet, Lisa decides.

*****
Oh look at the sweet little guy, how cute! a sickly babyish and very loud Lance proclaims.
Dagger's head feels like a knife was slowly slicing in one of his ears and out the other. His eyes flutter open and at first he sees nothing but a mist and a fuzzy strange orb. The orb blinks and Dagger forces his eyes into focus and suddenly realizes a gigantic eye is peering at him. Dagger screams, jumps up and attempts to flee only to bash painfully into something very hard and solid.  Dagger tumbles back to the rocky ground and groans from the pain.
Laughing hysterically using his entire body, Lance bellows to the sky, his massive form filling Dagger's field of view as he squats down to look at Dagger through the bars of his cage. 
Dagger looks around to see that he is completely confined within a dome matrix of metal bars. Dagger rolls to his feet and looks out the bars at the huge dragon. Abomination! Dagger curses.
Awwww! Lance intones, his voice rattling Dagger's cage and shaking the ground. The little green bugger can speakand his little voice is so very cute. Lance moves in. He wedges a massive claw through the bars as far as it can go. 
The sharp tip of his claw, just inches from Dagger, forces the dragonet to step back a couple steps.  
Nope, can't reach you. I could have impaled you. But then the Empress would have been so mad at me. Lance frees his claw and flicks his wrist loosely. Sorry, Phlegm, but the Empress wants you alive. She wants to carve that little brain of yours out of your tiny skull.
My name is Dagger, he states, angrily.
Dagger? Lance suddenly lifts his head up, his eyes wide with fear, Oh my, if I had only know your name was...Dagger...forgive me...please! Lance holds onto the look of fear, while shaking visibly for a few seconds. Suddenly he bursts into gales of laughter. He slaps his paw into the ground, knocking Dagger back onto his side from the tremor beneath his feet.
There is a cry from Dagger's left side. Dagger looks over and through the bars is another much smaller cage where a male human teenager, perhaps sixteen, sits with his hands holding his ears, his face contorted with pain.
Toothpick would be a better name for you. I could pick my teeth with you after all, Lance says with a giggle. So, you were just going for a little cruise around witchkin space? I'm not surprised you didn't know we were here. Your human friends do tend to overlook the obvious. I know they checked and didn't find us, but we were hiding of course and they were so sad about losing their buddies in space here. Lance pretends to rub his eyes with his massive fists while producing a dragon pout. Boohoo, our friends died here we never want to come here again, it's just to sad, boohoo. Lance's pout becomes an insane grin. What a perfect place for us to hang out for a while, don't you think? Lance hisses with wide excited eyes.
Talking to you is a waste of my time, Dagger declares. He turns away from him and looks toward the human teenager.
Yes, well you don't have much time left. Do you know what a vivisection is?  You get to find out and you get to be awake when they do it. I get to hold you down. I imagine, even for a biosynth dragon, it is going to be particularly uncomfortable. Lance giggles again. He draws a claw menacingly down his chest. Too bad you weren't paying better attention, the second I saw you, I put you to sleep. You probably didn't even know I was out there. Too bad you weren't flying just a little faster and paying just a little more attention, oh well. You can think about that when the techs slice your little body in half. Im curious about your brain, it will be fun to watch them pull that out of your skull.
Leave him alone, the boy next-door cries out. His voice is choked with both fear and anger.
Lance glances and squints at the tiny cage. He hisses angrily, Oh my, you are loud for a disgusting filthy human and so very inconsiderate. Did you learn nothing from the fate of your mother? I don't think the Empress will care if I crush your little body.
No! Dagger screams.
Lance draws back his clawed hand and prepares to jam it into the tiny cage when suddenly he looks up, his massive eyes blinking. Damn it.  Be right back kids, don't move, Lance says with a chuckle. Quickly he takes wing, his shadow darkening the sky for a moment before disappearing.
Dagger looks over at the boy in the cage next to him and asks, Where are we?
The boy lowers his hands. He is dressed in a dirty and torn t-shirt. His pants are barely hanging from his hips from all the rips in it, much of his legs are exposed, displaying deep cuts and gashes. Calliope, beneath the dome, the boy replies. 
What dome? Dagger asks.
They erected a huge dome force field and filled it with air so that we can walk about and get the sunlight. It is far better than living in the underground mine, the boy explains.
The mines, of course, so you are survivors of the Irridani tragedy. They didn't find you...the rescue team that is.
Rescue? The Empress told us to hide, terran ships were all over the place, but she said that they were here to butcher us. We hid for months and a little longer to be sure no ships would return, the boy explained. Solendria and others used magic to shield us from scanners. I used to believe what she told us, but I don't anymore. She is a murderer; she and her sick royal family.
Why are you in the cage? Dagger asks curiously.
My father was a human scientist on Solendria's jumpship. We were told that he died in an accident, but somebody else, who was there, told us that Prince Lance killed him. My mother was asking too many questions so they took us both into custody. My mother died yesterday. Duchess Gwendolyn, killed her for not properly bowing to her.
I am so sorry, Dagger says with a gasp. So you are human?
I am a half-breed but I never developed witchkin powers; it happens sometimes. My father settled here along with a few others from the first TDF survey team. There were about a hundred of us mixed families living on Irridani. After the attack my mother believed in Solendria almost to the end, even though all us humans were treated very badly. My mother even treated me badly for a long time. She lost her sisters during the attack. I don't know if it would have mattered if I had witchkin abilities either, all half-breeds are treated badly. 
Then we found out about my father and she heard about what Lance did. It didn't take long for her to be on the wrong side of things and find herself in this cage. I know my mother could have defended herself against Gwendolyn had the fight been fair, but Gwendolyn stabbed my mother with this. Tyler reaches down and lifts a black metal blade, with a sharp silver edge, from the ground. He holds it up for Dagger to see. After that, my mother couldnt use her magic, she was completely helpless and in so much pain. Gwendolyn burned her until there was nothing left of her, not even ash.
That is horrible! Dagger exclaims.
My father was forced to join Solendria and work on the team trying to reverse engineer biosynth technology. He knew if he refused, Solendria would kill us all. The Empress made it clear that people like my mother were traitors for hand-fasting with a human. Tyler sat on the rocky ground and grabbed his knees. If I could, I would make Gwendolyn scream in pain, just like she made my mother scream.
It's okay.... I understand, Dagger soothed. What is your name?
Tyler Farrow, he declared sadly. I know you are called Dagger, you told Lance.
Pleased to meet you Tyler, Dagger said offering a weak smiling. I'm going to get us out of here, now.
Good luck, Tyler laughed. Unless you have a precision pulse laser that can cut through a lutetium alloy. Tyler swings and clangs the witchkin blade into his cage. Suddenly Tyler rolls back and comes to his feet as a bright light and a terrible grinding is heard from Dagger's much larger cage. 
Tyler falls back and looks on in awe as two streams of bright light emit from just under Daggers eyes to strike the bars of his cage, which has begun to glow red at the point of impact.  Dagger starts making several cuts and slices all around his cage until suddenly a large piece of it slides away creating a big hole more than adequate for him to walk through.
Dagger, a proud smile on his face, looks to his new friend. Your turn, Dagger declares happily.

Chapter Fifteen

Over one solar cycle ago and following the erection of a synthetic energy dome around one of Calliopes massive craters, a coliseum was hastily constructed. Both witchkin magic and the salvaged technology of the destroyed biosynth fleet were used. Gravity tethers rigged onto small mining vehicles and hundreds of witchkin dug out a deep hollow and then moved and shaped rock until a gigantic stone amphitheater, capable of seating thousands, was constructed.  
On this day, every available seat of the coliseum is occupied. Almost every eye glances to the dark sky where the wasteland world of Irridani hangs. The sight brings sadness and anger to almost every heart. The survivors of the tragedy have come to call themselves, The Children of Irridani. Most of them look to their new leaders for guidance and direction. Many believe Solendria and her self-proclaimed royal family saved their lives, provided them shelter and gave them a new purpose following the destruction of their world and way of life. With so much hurt, pain and loss, it was not unimaginable that a once peaceful race  cousins of the humans  would question the values and traditions that ultimately led to their destruction. Or so they were told.
A great roar of voices fills the huge space within the coliseum as Empress Solendria and Duchess Gwendolyn walk across the large flat stage and up the steep steps to the grand podium. Both are dressed in long, flashy, silver, strapless gowns.  
Solendria raises her arms and takes in the adulation of her people. She appears to not notice a pair of tall bulky biowarriors pulling and dragging a couple of troublemakers out of the stadium exit. The troublemakers are yelling something about tyranny and evil as they are dragged out of earshot. With a big grin on her face she circles about to let everyone see her joy. Nearby Gwendolyn, smiles sweetly and happily waves and blows kisses to the thunderous crowd. 
Solendria pushes her hands down evoking the need for calm and silence. The roar subsides quickly. Gathering her will, Solendria extends her voice to the crowd so that every ear can clearly understand her words. 
Children of Irridani!  This is the day we have been waiting for. Overhead, our fleet is poised to strike against the very evil that tried to destroy us. Today, we will have our vengeance and our dead will finally be laid to rest! Solendria declares. 
She turns and points to the sky toward their former home world. For over two years our brothers, sisters, mothers and fathers have lain in the smoking ruins of our cities, covered in radioactive ash, begging for justice. Today, they will have it!
The crowd roars, many stand, cheer and scream pumping their fists into the air.  Some look to the graveyard of their old world, tears streaming down their faces.
The abomination of the biosynth can no longer threaten our right to justice. No longer can they protect the accursed human scourge. They can no longer claim superiority of our skies. We have our own warrior and our enemy has run like cowards from his wrath. I present to you, Prince Lance, dragonship of the Witchkin Dynasty! Solendria raises her arms again.
From the sky, Lance swoops down, his shadow covering the entire coliseum.  Hovering above the crowd Lance lifts his head to the sky and releases a sharp loud and fierce trumpet, which forces every witchkin to hold their hands over their ears. Many are in awe of the spectacle. 
Lance extends his arms and draws his will, his claws sparking with power. Pushing out his arms he releases a bolt of sparking energy that explodes harmlessly above the crowd. The concussion echoes around the entire crater.
This is the bane of the biosynths and the humans. This is our justice and the beginning of our reign as rulers of the galaxy! Solendria declares.
 Gwendolyn jumps up and down clapping her hands together, a big grin on her sweet face. 
The entire coliseum comes to life, their voices rising in an intense roar. Soon hundreds of sparks are shooting up into the air and exploding overhead.
 Lance again releases a trumpet of victory, his red eyes fiercely insane.

*****
Tyler, having just walked into the mouth of a dragon and crawled down his throat, nervously enters a small cramped control chamber where a single, but comfortable chair, awaits him. Around him are grey curving walls with a domed ceiling from which there is luminescent light. Attached to the walls various control modules, panels and blinking indicator lights resemble nothing he would have expected inside a dragon's stomach. Hesitantly Tyler sits, and the moment he does, a large holoscreen activates in front of his eyes. Dagger's dragon's eye displays the rocky yellow Calliope landscape. Next to both armrests on the chair, holoterminals activate. Two smaller holoscreens flash into existence with streams of data scrolling across both of them. A strange low buzz and mechanical whirring sounds surround Tyler as Dagger prepares his dragonet body for flight.
I do hope you are comfortable, Dagger says cheerfully, his voice resonating over hidden speakers inside the control room.
Tyler jumps and looks around. Dagger? I hope I am not expected to do much, Tyler says. He looks at the holoterminals and holoscreens with concern.
Of course not, you are just a passenger today. It is helpful for me to have an operator with me, but I can do fine without one. With any luck we shall just fly out of here, jump through a portal and be back at Sanctuary. Not to worry, you should find this a very comfortable flight, assuming I don't get caught again that is, Dagger says happily, with just a hint of embarrassment.
Let's hope not, Tyler agrees. Prince Lance is likely to just kill us both.
Tyler looks at the scrolling data on his smaller holoscreens and from time to time sees something he actually recognizes. Dagger, is there a way to slow these data streams down?
I don't know. They are designed for biosynth eyes, but I know Doctor Dresden looks at them all the time. Doctor Dresden is very quick  for a human, Dagger notes. I'm going to make the assumption that the shield is porous for incoming and outgoing vessels. It would make sense since lower the shield would be catastrophic for those inside the dome. Unfortunately I don't think we have time to test this. If we suddenly stop moving and I start to fall it is because we smashed into the shield, which would be bad, Dagger states laughing nervously. Quickly, Dagger adjusts his gravitational compensators, just in case.
Maybe you shouldn't give me information like that. I'm just a little nervous about being inside your stomach as it is, Tyler says. He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath.
I am sorry, I do tend too say to much. Warrior, my mentor, is always telling me to shut up. Off we go then, Dagger, declares enthusiastically. By the way, I am a biosynthetic organism but I obtain nutrition from a more synthetic source, my mouth and stomach, as you put it, does not serve the same purpose as yours does.
Dagger lifts off from the dusty rocky ground. He flaps his wings and soars skyward, gaining speed exponentially. The shield wall is seen very clearly as a blue nimbus that pulses in a wide arc for many miles rising from the crater walls. Dagger ignores his initial impulse to slow down. Instead he pushes his propulsion to planetary escape velocity in seconds. Clearly striking a solid shield wall at this point would more than likely liquefy both himself and his passenger. Dagger shuts his eyes seconds from potential impact. Deep in his belly, watching through the dragons eye, Tyler holds his breath. Seconds pass and nothing happens. Dagger opens his eyes to see the darkness of space, the dead world of Irridani floating in the distance and Calliope below him. Dagger performs a victorious barrel roll.
We did it, Dagger declares happily over the speakers.
In Daggers stomach, Tyler witnesses a new holoscreen slide into view from thin air. Tyler glances at it and furrows his brow. 
Dagger, I think your equipment is trying to tell me something, Tyler reports, his eyes squinting at the data.
You see, that is why dragonships need a crew, well one reason anyway, we don't always know what is happening, it takes a lot of energy to fly you know and while we do it very well it is very useful to have someone watching things for us.  For instance, when I first arrived in the system, if I had an operator with me they may have been able to tell me that Lance was around. Perhaps I could have gotten away. Warrior once said....
Dagger shut up, Tyler cries out.  I think this thing is telling me something is coming for us. Something big.... wait several big thingssomething from below and straight ahead, Tyler reports. Ships!
Dagger comes about and his keen dragon sight picks up two approaching witchkin warships. Another glance down reveals that Lance is screaming up from the surface of Calliope.
 Oh shit, Dagger curses. He spins and soars away, building up all the speed he can muster. 
Beams of particle energy reach out for him, but Dagger zips and turns from them unharmed.
Dagger, they are shooting stuff at us! Tyler exclaims with alarm. I dont think they want us to leave.
A blinking sensor on one of the holoterminals yells at Tyler.
Tyler reaches out and touches it.
Toothpick! Lances voice screams over the speakers. Where exactly do you think you are going little one? We still need your brain you little shit! Get back here.
My name is Dagger, he corrects Lance yet again over the same channel.
Your name means nothing! You are meat, guts and brainnothing more. Now, it's time for filthy little baby dwagons to go sleepy sleepy, Lance states with amusement.
Dagger quickly brings his jump portal emitters online and makes the calculation in his head. 
A particle beam narrowly misses Dagger's tail. Dagger looks over his shoulder and gasps. Despite Dagger's swiftness a black witchkin vessel, resembling a dragonfly with a long straight body and four thin wings extending out on either side, is practically on top of him. Pulse cannon blasts streak toward Dagger, narrowly missing the dragonet as he swoops and spins in an effort to be a more challenging target. 
Lance is about to close the distance.
Dagger can almost feel him breathing down his neck, if such a thing were possible in space.  Without double-checking his calculation, Dagger throws the portal out before him and with a burst of energy flies through it.
Lance having gathered his will screams in fury over the open channel, the dragonet having slipped away through the hastily made portal. Lance comes about and releases his sleep spell, a sparkling blue ball of light, into the pursuing witchkin warship. The blue ball strikes the warship in what is obviously the control center at the rounded part of its bow. The cruiser suddenly goes into a spin, thrusters firing chaotically, the bridge crew of the ship having suddenly dropped unconscious.
Lance! Solendria's voice screams in his head.
Don't start! Lance warns. I have a splitting headache and I am not in the mood to argue about this. That little shit! Whose job is it to find out what biosynths can and can't break out of it? It certainly wasn't my job. Lance comes to a stop and floats in space. He tucks a loose wrist under his chin and shakes his head.
We have to leave right now, Solendria declares. I've been planning this for months! We have to jump to Earth orbit and begin our assault! They have far to many advantages and now they know we are here!
Fine, Lance sighs, but this isn't my fault. You should have let me kill the little shit when we had the chance. Youre the one that wanted its brain.
Shut up! Get into formation, we are jumping in ten minutes, Solendria declares.
Oh I wish I could see you right now, your face is probably all red and your fists are probably clenched into little balls; you are just so cute when you are angry, Lance declares happily. He is greeted with silence and Lance giggles in response. Then his head suddenly and uncontrollably jerks to one side and a sharp pain shoots up and down his spine. 
What was that? Lance wonders angrily. He swats his tail about then clenches his fists, looking at them curiously.  The headache is worsening. No time to waste, Lance whispers to himself ominously.

*****
Jason stands on the observation deck of Sanctuary, a large round room with the appearance of being open to space but in actuality is surrounded by curving view screens, mapped together. 
Looking down, Jason watches the iris entrance to Dock Four open and a sleek looking vessel with a dark blue metallic hull slowly backing out. The vessel is about the same size as Warrior and could be best described as an eagle with outstretched wings. Unlike Warrior, Arrow is a fully mechanical cavalier class scout ship. While powered and controlled by biosynth technology, a cavalier is not as maneuverable, fast or precise as a dragonship although it is armed with biosynth weapons, has a biosynth reactor core and pulse shields. It is a far superior vessel to any terran ship; it is however no match for the powerful magic of a witchkin dragonship. 
Warrior is the only ship that stands a chance against Lance, thanks to Mayas help. Despite the odds, Jason ordered Arrow, and her sister ship, Javelin, crewed and commissioned for service. The newly constructed ships had not even had their engines tested; yet a fresh mixed crew of human and biosynths eagerly boarded each vessel. Jason is surprised that the biosynth force is so anxious to do their part, even though it means facing their own death. As a soldier, this makes Jason feel very proud, yet the heavy weight of responsibility shows on his furrowed brow. It is one thing for he alone to jump into the breach, but a far heavier thing to bring so many lives with him. 
In the last couple years the biosynth fleet had amounted to Warrior. Jason had assumed command over the entire operation, including Sanctuary. The senior staff were killed at Irridani and the situation had been a crisis ever since. The Biosynth forces simply accepted his command, even despite his humanity. There had never been a discussion of succession or fleet command hierarchy. This made life for Jason very simple and allowed him to run things as he saw fit. But watching arrow glide out of its dock, Jason suddenly became aware that his responsibility was growing beyond his capabilities. It would not be long before his reign would be questioned and a more formal command hierarchy would be demanded from the officers of the fleet. 
From behind, Valerie Encino steps up next to Captain Drake, her uniform once again modified to now include commander stripes on her shoulder insignia. She watches Arrow blankly as it begins an aft turning maneuver. She hides any excitement she may have behind her blue biosynth eyes. 
Sir, I wanted to thank you again for this opportunity to serve my people, Valerie declares softly. I think I have broken a new promotion record.
You earned it, Commander, Jason states. He doesnt look up or turn his head. His eyes are fixed on Arrow. Javelin needed a good leader and you were my first choice. I know you will do well. Besides, I understand you were instrumental in getting her outfitted and ready for service, Jason remarks.
I did my part, sir. Everyone has been busting their humps, not just me, Valerie explains. One thing I've been meaning to tell you sir, since Neo Utopia.
Jason turns to his former Yeoman and raises an eyebrow, What is it commander? He asks.
That day, when I came to give you your daily report, Valerie suddenly sighs and blushes. I so wanted you to take me, sir, one last time. Had I known the time before had been our lastwellI would have made it spectacular for both of us. 
Jason grins. Valerie, it was always special. Every time. I am justsorry. You deservespecial.
Valerie grins. She suddenly throws her arms around Jasons neck and kisses him soundly. Valerie moans as she pulls back. She whispers in Jasons ear, It was very special for me sir.  She steps away, salutes her Captain and clearly states, Captain Drake, Commander, BFS Javelin, requesting permission to depart, sir.
Jason, smiling warmly, returns the salute. Dismissed Commander, fight hard.
Valerie happily spins on her heel and confidently strides toward the exit.
The door to the observation deck slides open and Aria steps in.  
Oh, good timing, Valerie states happily with a slight giggle. She gives Aria a wink as she passes her to walk out the hatchway.
Aria looks back at Valerie with confusion then turns to see her husband who has returned his attention to the departing biosynth warship. 
Aria smiles and walks to him, slipping her arms around his waist and pressing her face against his broad back. My love, with all that has happened, we have not had a moment alone.
If we are lucky, we will have many such moments soon, Jason suggests. I am still not comfortable with Maya joining us on this mission.
I am still not comfortable with her staying behind, besides she is our only advantage against Lance, and you know it, Aria states stiffly while hugging Jason tighter.
I don't have to like it, Jason replies. He reaches down and rubs Arias hands.
Maya has moved to Warrior and Lisa is rigging a special chair for her to sync up with her biotechs on the CIC. I will be with her the entire time, Aria assures him.
Arrow has left dock, Jason observes pointing out the screens. Javelin is almost ready.
You know, dear, commanding more than one ship makes you an Admiral, Aria suggests while playfully nibbling the back of his neck.
Bite your tongue, woman, Jason warns. I've never aspired to be one of those, chubby self absorbed pencil pushers. I'm a soldier.
Aria laughs. You don't have to be that. You can be whatever the occasion calls for. You are unstoppable.
Captain Drake? A voice transmits to his built in CU.
Jason activates his HUD while turning to hug his wife. Go ahead, he states. Jason kisses Aria sweetly on her forehead.
Sir we are receiving an emergency transmission from Dagger. 
Let me hear it, Jason orders stiffly.
This is Dagger to Captain Drake on Sanctuary, Code Alpha Emergency, Daggers frantic voice crackles.
Dagger, this is Captain Drake, go ahead, Jason says with concern.
Sir, so sorry I'm late. I went to Irridani and I encountered hostile forces...I mean...enemy ships...oh crap...I ran into Lance. Dagger sighs, exasperated.
Lance? Jason questions with surprise.
Aria steps away from her husband and looks at him curiously.
The witchkin fleet, Lance, Solendria, they are on Calliope. Also, there are many witchkin survivors, thousands perhaps. They were living in the mines this whole time, Dagger reports anxiously.
Son of a bitch, Jason curses. He looks to Aria and says, they were hiding on Calliope.
Aria gasps and shakes her head. No. We searched the entire system.
Dagger, where are you?  Jason asks.
Um...well...Lance was chasing me and I had to calculate the jump quickly and I didn't have time to check my numbers so I just did it and well... Dagger explains nervously.
How far out of the way are you? Jason asks.
Twenty minutes, Dagger says confidently.
Good. I am mustering the fleet, fly into formation when you get here and get ready to jump to Earth orbit, Jason states emphatically. Make your calculations and test them on the way.
Yes sir, Dagger states happily.
Earth? Aria asks with surprise. I thought you said they are at Calliope.
No way she is staying there, Dagger escaped them. She's going to make her move, Jason states clenching his fist. Dagger says there are thousands of witchkin survivors, living in the mines.
Aria looks away and shakes her head. Jason, she has the advantage. She will have superior forces and she is expecting us; there could be a trap waiting for us, Aria suggests.
Her plan hinges on just one advantage and her arrogance is her biggest weakness, Jason says. He scrolls through his HUD and finds the channel he needs. Around Sanctuary and aboard all ships an announcement tone sounds.
This is the Captain, Jason begins. We have new information and we are stepping up our efforts, all vessels clear dock and move into formation. All personnel report to combat stations. Warrior, I want you to coordinate with the fleet for a wide spectrum jump portal to Earth orbit. This is it!  We are going in guns blazing with full shields. All squads prepare for immediate combat drops, Hull Breach configuration. That is all.
Immediately, alarms sound through out the station and on all three biosynth warships. Jason turns to Aria and delivers a stiff salute his face serious and intense.
Aria snaps to attention, returning the salute. Captain! she states.
Carry on Commander, Captain Jason Drake replies.
	
*****
This isn't right, Dresden states with frustration. He holds what appears to be a flat black computer component up to Dr. Hartman's single blue eye. The field needs to be twice as large. If even one witchkin escapes the signal...  
Dr. Dresden, what you are asking is not possible in the time period you have given me. The field you require needs more time. Dr. Hartman replies. His armatures are flailing wildly with frustration. 
On an elevated workbench between them sits a three-foot by one-foot cylinder with its panels open and internal wiring and components on display. It is the control unit for a standard spawn torpedo, which is found between the explosive head and the finned propulsion unit.
Hellfire! Did you not hear the Captain? The fleet is leaving! I need this done right now, Dresden laments.
The door to the lab slides into the wall and Aria, slightly out of breath pokes her head into the opening and looks at Dresden sternly. What the hell are you doing? Warrior is ready to blast her way out the dock, let's go!
But...the torpedo, Dresden says painfully. Helplessly he points at both the torpedo and Dr. Hartman.
Finish it on Warrior, Aria orders. She looks up at the biosynth doctor. Hartman, you're with us.
But...oh... Hartman intones with pleasant surprise. He turns his head to look at Dresden with his single horizontal slit of an eye. This should be interesting.
Interesting? Don't even get me started. I am happy to have your help, after all two hands...or rather four...what do you call those things? Dresden points at Hartman's mechanical arms with frustration.
Armatures, Hartman states with disappointment.
Two hands and four armatures are better than one. Now lets go before Warrior opens up the side of the station and swallows us up, Dresden suggests.
He quickly starts packing up the torpedo.
This is exciting though, Hartman declares. It has been a while since Ive been involved on a tactical mission. Hartman moves to the bench and begins gathering tools in his mechanical hands.
Youve been in combat? Dresden asks with surprise.
Yes, Dresden replies. Maybe Ill tell you the story after this is over.
You better, Hartman replies. Now I am most definitely intrigued.

*****
The door to Javelin's CIC slides silently away into the wall and her new CO steps onto the deck. Commander Encino stops to look around. The CIC is slightly bigger than Warrior's with twice as many busy stations and multiple glowing holoscreens and holoterminals, which she needs considering all the ships operations are performed by personnel, not the advanced synchronized mind of a biosynth dragon. Her crew is busy and don't have time to look up and acknowledge her presence, although a couple do smile or wave at her. 
Valerie sees a ladder reaching up into the ceiling that she uses to climb up into the Captain's Nest, a terran feature that Jason demanded of the cavalier design. The moment she sits in the command chair the domed room lights up and all around her the matted screens display a panoramic view outside the ship. She looks to port and sees a starboard view of Javelin's sister ship, Arrow in close formation next to her. With graceful fingers she brings up her individual holoscreens with data streaming on each as well as her holoterminals. Valerie activates the ship-wide communication system. 
Your attention please, this is your commanding officer, this is our first time out together and unfortunately we are going straight into battle. I am sure you are all aware of our chances, but I have every confidence in both Captain Drake and all of you in particular. I know that when we enter the fight every one of you will give them hell. That is all. Valerie switches off the channel with a flick of her wrist. She brings up a duty roster and selects the communications station.
Lieutenant Habra, there is no need for this mission to be completely depressing, how about some music?
Music sir? a timid voice questions with surprise.
Yes, something with a beat, heavy on the bass, Commander Encino orders with a grin.
*****
CIC has taken on a new look with a medical examination chair strapped into the deck platting behind the command chair. The modification requires some extra effort from the crew to get to their stations along the curving front wall.
Above Maya's chair hangs a strange laser emitter array resembling a clawed hand with six fingers. Sitting in the chair, Maya looks up at the strange device with trepidation. 
Momma? Maya asks with worry.
Smiling, Aria places her hands on her daughter's shoulders. 
Lisa Everett glances at a floating holoscreen, reads the data displayed and reaches up with a large wrench like tool to make adjustments to the array itself. 
I almost have it, Lisa states confidently.
The hatchway slides open and Jason strides in. He looks at his daughter who returns a bright smile.
Daddy! she says happily.
Jason frowns at her. Didn't you want to kill me not so long ago?
Maya pouts, That was a misunderstanding, stop teasing me about that.
Baby, our misunderstandings are dangerous, Jason states shaking his head. He looks up at the array and then at Lisa. Well Doctor, you seem to be pretty handy to have around. Jason observes.
Ive jury-rigged the modifications, captain. Lisa states. But as long as we keep the ride steady, they should hold together. Lisa narrows her eyes as she makes a few last minute adjustments to the array. 
Aria squints at the holoscreen then makes a couple adjustments of her own.
Lisa glances at the changes. At first she is alarmed but then realizes the adjustments were not only necessary but also brilliant. Oh, Lisa says. She glances at Aria and nods her head.
Aria returns the nod and offers a smile.
 We are set here, we should connect Maya to Warrior before we get underway. That way if there is a problem I can deal with it now. Im going to be needed at the drop station after all.
Carry on Doctor, Jason states. Warrior, Maya is going to hook up with you.
Looking forward to it Captain, Warrior replies warmly.
Maya, your body is going to go to sleep, but your mind will be more awake than it has ever been. When you connect to Warrior you are going to literally join her. It will be very strange, but you need to remember that we cannot hear what you are saying. Warrior can however relay messages to you and of course your Mom and Dad can keep their special channel open to you so you can communicate with them directly, Lisa explains calmly with a smile.
I'm scared, Maya says. But I can do this.
That's my girl, Aria says proudly.
Okay, on five, Lisa replies. Keeping her eyes on the holoscreen displaying Mayas vitals, she begins adjusting a holodial. One, two, three, four, FIVE!  Lisa presses a button on her holoscreen. 
The laser array whirs and six points of red laser lights fire, striking Maya in the temple, chest, each arm and each leg.
Maya gasps. Her eyes widen and the third eye in her forehead opens and sizzles. She lifts herself out of her chair and arches her back. She falls back suddenly. Her eyes flutter closed, her third eye vanishes, and her body goes limp.
There is a sudden sharp pain that is somewhat familiar to Maya but disappears quickly. Maya looks around in shock. She is now floating in the middle of Dock One; her arms outstretched, her legs pointed back, her body parallel to the deck. Before her is the iris dock door. Maya feels huge. She looks around at the familiar sight yet everything looks like a miniature scale model.
What is happening? I don't like this! Maya states loudly. Momma?
She can't hear you child, at least not that way, Warrior says, her voice coming from all around her.
What is happening? Maya demands, her voice full of panic. She looks down at the deck below. She cannot move her arms or legs; she can't understand what keeps her in the air.
You are directly connected to me and this is how I see things, Warrior explains.
You mean this is how it will be the whole time? Maya asks with horror.
Of course. You need to be able to work your witchkin magic to protect us. To do that you must feel like you are...well...you must feel like you are me. You have to see what is going on around us and to throw a shield around us you have to be me. All you have to do is what you always do. Now, you won't be able to move us, fly that is, but I am going to release your arms so that you can use your magic...there.
Maya flaps her arms. She looks at her hands. Why am I so big? She asks.
Because, I don't know if you have noticed, but I'm pretty big. There are over a hundred people on my decks after all, including your parents, Warrior reminds her. Get ready child we are about to leave dock. 
Leave dock! No! I need air, I can't breath in space...plus it's freezing out there! Maya panics again, her arms flailing.
Maya, your body is safe inside me, you are just seeing things the way you need to so you can use your will. You will find it very comfortable out there, but there is one thing I should mention, Warrior states. Because you are connected to me, you will feel my pain.
Pain? Maya says with surprise.
Yes, any damage I receive is registered as pain much as you would if you were damaged. I'm afraid we couldn't buffer that from you, Warrior says sadly.
Oh shit, Maya sobs.
There is a loud mechanical clank followed by a whoosh as the air is suddenly sucked out of the docking bay. The huge iris slides open and once the opening is large enough Maya glides through it. Maya shuts her eyes and tries in vain to hold her breath. Soon she realizes she is not freezing. She gasps and breathes normally. She is not dead. Maya opens her eyes and looks around at the incredible panoramic view of open space. Unobstructed by the void of space, the bright stars are incredibly sharp in her vision. Looking over her shoulder she watches Sanctuary moving away quickly. Warrior performs a barrel roll and the stars spin about in her field of view. Maya grins and cheers happily at the amazing sensation of flight. 
Looking ahead she sees the two biosynth cavaliers, Arrow and Javelin, their aft propulsion pods glowing green, their wings reflecting starlight. Warrior glides between the two vessels, but in Mayas mind it is her body that is traversing open space. She looks upon both vessels with fascination. Through transparent bulkheads she sees faces looking out at her. Maya waves.
They cant see you, Warrior says with amusement. I know this looks real to you but it is really much closer to a simulation.
Oh, Maya replies.
Warrior guides Maya ahead of the two cavaliers to take the lead position forming the head of a small V formation. Suddenly something whips into view, a streak of green that settles right above her. 
Maya looks up to see Dagger with a huge satisfied grin on his face.
Can he hear me? Maya asks.
I will tell him you said 'Hi,' Warrior replies.
Maya, can you hear me? Aria asks softly in Maya's head.
Yes. Daddy? Maya asks hopefully.
I'm right here, the channel is open, Jason assures her. Are you okay?
I'd crap myself if I could, Maya admits. But Im ok. You should see the view!
Enjoy it while you can, Jason replies. Hang on. We are about to jump.
Maya feels a strange energy moving through her body. Her eyes widen and she releases a surprised gasp as a burst of energy flies from the vicinity of her face. From behind, Arrow and Javelin throw the same kind of energy into the space ahead, simultaneously. Above her Dagger does his part, throwing his energy as well. The result is a huge sparking jump portal, the event horizon displaying space around a distant blue world. Maya feels a sudden acceleration.
And away we go, Maya states screaming the last word. The event horizon rushes at her and for a moment her body explodes with wonder as her energy merges with the entire universe.

Chapter Sixteen

Repeatedly, Captain Richard Tate's elderly face is smashed into a smoking sparking communication console. 
The witchkin, Lord Zachary, clenches a handful of the captains long grey hair in his fist. Zacharys eyes are wild with hate and he snarls viciously through clenched teeth.
 Captain Tate's once long straight nose is broken in three places, blood pours from his nostrils and his eyes look glassy and distant. The captain of starliner Ecstasy begins to sob as the sound of screams is heard over the ships communication system. His once white gold trimmed uniform is torn in many places and there are streaks of blood up and down his chest. Around the control room are the bodies of his bridge crew. It is too hard to tell if they are dead or alive.
You hear that ape-man? Zachary asks viciously. Zachary lifts the captain up and presses his ear against one of the speakers. That is the sound of half your passengers suffocating! If you want to hear how the rest of them die, and we aren't going to be so kind with them, then turn on your beacon, and call the terran fleet for assistance, right now! Zachary drags the captain to the next console and throws him upon it. 
From the corner of his eye Captain Tate sees movement. One of his men is regaining consciousness and is attempting to stand.  
Zachary flicks his arm at him. A stream of red energy blasts from his fingertips cutting a clean hole through the white uniformed man, who crumples back to the deck, lifeless. I said stay the fuck down, Zachary screams. His face is covered in sweat, his eyes wide.
I dont understandRichard croaks. Youve hijacked usforced us to fly to Amalthea and nowyou want the fleet to come?
You dont need to understand! Zachary barks. You just need to do what I say!
Captain Tate, his wrists broken, painfully presses buttons on the communications console he was thrown into. He releases a low agonizing moan as he presses his palm into the ID scanner, tears streaming from his eyes. 
A low sad alarm begins to sound.
Emergency Beacon Activated, a dispassionate electronic male voice states.
Now we are getting somewhere, Zachary says with a wicked smile. Now finish it!
What have we done to you? the captain questions sadly. What have my passenger done to you? They are all familieschildren.
You are all murderersinsects, Zachary growls.
Pleasespare my passengerslet them go to the escape podsplease, Richard begs.
Just do it, Zachary orders.
Captain Tate presses a few more buttons, wincing in pain. Taking a breath, the wounded captain tries to speak normally, This is starliner Ecstasy, we are adrift in Jupiter orbit near Amalthea, our hull is breached. Please help. We have lost many lives. Please send all available ships. We require immediate assistance. The captain croaks. With his body shaking and knees about to buckle he is barely able to hang onto the console.
Starliner Ecstasy, this is Terran Defense Station Omicron, Earth Orbit, message received. Our alert patrol is in your area, dispatching our vessels now, a stiff military voice replies over the speakers. They will be at your coordinates in moments.
Excellent, so much for Earths reinforcements, Zachary announces with a grin.
Ive never served in the military, Richard coughs.
Did I say you could speak? Zachary questions angrily.
I am not, nor have I ever been in the military, Richard replies, his quivering voice tinged with anger. If this is an act of war, you have violated multiple galactic laws by attacking a civil vessel.
Zachary throws out his hands and lifts them. Captain Tate levitates off the deck. Your galactic laws are meaningless. They did not protect my planet! They did not protect my family! Humans must answer for their crimes!
Zachary! Stop it! Meagan shouts running onto the bridge from the lower gangway.
Meagan. The terran fleet are on the way, Zachary says with a smile. They are falling into our trapits working. Go to the engine room, blow their reactor and translocate back to Amalthea. 
Zach! What have we become? Meagan asks. In her hand she holds a portable text viewer. Our planet is gone. Our families are dead, but does that gives us the right to kill?
What are you talking about, this is all part of the plan! These people are the enemy. They destroyed our home world and we deserve justice! Why the fuck are we talking about this? Zachary demands with annoyance and anger.
These people didn't do a thing! These people are just trying to get home and we murdered half of them! Meagan gasps, fighting back tears. Zach, there were children back there.
My family was killed and all my children are dead! They burned our planet, how many children did they kill? Zachary demands, his eyes in tears.
None! Zach, none of these people have even seen heard of Irridani, let alone even thought about hurting any of us! They are just people. The people who hurt us aren't here. Meagan pleads.
These people are animals! They should all die! Zachary screams through his clenched teeth. 
I dont believe that anymore, Meagan declares. That is what we were toldthat every human is out to get us, but that isnt the truth. She just wanted us to believe that so we woulddo her dirty work. She used us Zach. This isnt justice, its murder!
We let humans in and they betrayed us, Zachary snaps. That is exactly what happened. Theyre all responsible. Look at them, they are insects.
Look at this! Meagan says holding up the text viewer. I pulled it from the ship archive! I wanted to know what theyve been sayingI wanted to know the truth. Listen to this! Meagan begins to read, Rogue biosynth warship, Warrior, made an unexpected drop onto Neo Utopia early this morning. The vessel, commanded by self-proclaimed vigilante, and former Terran Defense Force Captain, Jason Drake, got by an NU Police barricade in order to bring to justice notorious witch hunter, Michael Petranis, who apparently escaped his cryo-prison cell on the Lunar Penal Colony, located in the Centauri System. 
Over a year ago, Petranis, along with fifty others, were convicted of genocide for the tragic destruction of the planet Irridani, which he and his terrorist group believed was populated by 'evil witches' with the power to enslave humanity. The terrorist organization known as the Witch Hunters used old thermal nuclear devices to decimate the cities of Irridani, rendering the planet uninhabitable.
During the battle on Neo Utopia, Petranis murdered two patrons, two bodyguards and two police officers at a nightclub before being shot by Captain Drake and his biowarriors. Despite heavy resistance, Captain Drake was able to affect another one of his notorious escapes. 
NU Police claim that Warrior destroyed twelve police gunships, however witnesses report that only eight gunships were destroyed and six were destroyed before Warrior arrived, likely by Petranis himself.
Zachary shakes his head. Propaganda! he exclaims.
How do you know? All we know is what she tells us! We used to be a society that demanded the truth, now we are society that follows orders, when did that happen? And look what she has us doing! We are committing murder, Zach!  Those children back there are innocent. What if any of this is true? Meagan asks, holding up the text viewer. What if what happened was caused by just 50 humans, and the rest are completely oblivious to what happened?
You are wasting time! Zachary says with frustration. How can you even think of questioning her? She saved us. How can you believe that over her? Our leader!
Leaders are supposed to be questioned! That is how it used to be! That is the proper way! Think about it! Meagan taps her forehead for emphasis. We are doing exactly what the Witch Hunters said we would do! What have we become?
Zachary clenches his fist. Captain Tate gasps as his back breaks, blood spurting out his mouth. His head goes limp and his eyes become dull and lifeless. Zachary throws the captains body across the room striking Meagan full on and sending her back against the bulkhead. Traitor! Zachary curses as he unleashes his will into her.
Meagan cries out as her body is engulfed with horrible pain. Every cell in her body ignites. Her body flashes brightly and turns to ash. A vapor mist drifts up toward the ventilation system. 
Breathing deeply, Zachary lowers his head then thrusts his hands into his face to sob angrily and loudly. 
Ecstasy, this is Alert Patrol Alpha, a voice sounds over the speakers. You are drifting toward Amalthea, we are going to put a tether on you and pull you to safety, please...wait a second...we are picking up a thermal signature from Pan Amalthea...it's growing. The voice sounds both surprised and frightened. Thats not possible.
Zachary shakes his head. He climbs a narrow metal staircase to the captain's nest where transparent bulkheads reveal the space before them. Above them and slightly askew due to Ecstasy being adrift is Pan Amalthea and hovering nearby are twenty terran warships, the new style TDF corvettes, with four wings and four engine pods, looking much sleeker than their older predecessors.
Zachary pulls a personal hand held communicator from his belt and holds it up to his mouth. This is Zach, we are done here. The terrans have arrived, why haven't you started firing? Open fire now!
We see them, Zach, a soft sad female voice responds. We have served the witchkin Empire well, long live the Empress!
Zachary's eyes widen as a burst of energy explodes out from Pan Amalthea.  The last thing Zachary sees before his eyes are burned out of his head is Amalthea splitting in half and the universe engulfed in white light. Meagan... Zachary croaks before his body vaporizes.

*****
Admiral Haynes relaxes in his very large comfy chair that sits behind a big oak desk. The overweight admirals grey TDF uniform is emblazed with four stars across the left side of his chest and gold shoulder boards. His luxurious office sits on the administration deck of Omicron Station  a large defense platform positioned in Earth orbit.
Behind the admiral, Yeoman Peters, a slim young woman with long red hair, dispassionately massages the rotund Admiral's wide neck with her small delicate hands. She wears black-rimmed glasses in which information scrolls on a HUD. In the correct light someone looking at her would be able to see the scrolling script she reads to the Admiral.
Item nine, the Yeoman drawls with disinterest. She wears a look of pure boredom on her young face. This message is two days old. Dispatch from Captain Beverly Rush, Commanding Officer, Fearless. Admiral, I have received intelligence of an impending attack on Earth. Recommend mustering all available forces to form a perimeter. Suggest going to immediate combat stations. Request Fearless be relocated to Earth orbit immediately.
The Admiral scoffs, Captain Rush, humph...what does she know...we have the most advanced intelligence network in the galaxy. If there was an attack coming, I would be telling her about it, not the other way around. The admiral reaches out and grabs the highball glass sitting on his desk. The glass contains three fingers of whiskey with an ice cube floating in it. He takes a sip and swooshes the liquid in his mouth as he considers the dispatch. 
Tell the captain to remain on station. She can keep pirates at bay for now. I will check with TDI before I start mustering anything, Haynes replies after swallowing.
Very well, Admiral, Yeoman Peters says with a sigh.
If that is the end of the correspondence, what say you and I engage in our usual
Admiral, Officer of the watch! the speakers in the Admirals office suddenly bark.
Ah! the Admiral cries sharply. With surprise he almost jumps out of his chair, spilling some of his drink on his hand. The Admiral composes himself and clears his throat. I'm in an important meeting, the Admiral declares with a slight smirk.  He reaches out to grab a hand full of Yeoman Peters' ass. 
Yeoman Peters rolls her eyes.
Sir, we lost contact with Alert Patrol Alpha. Long-range telemetry shows a massive explosion in Jupiter orbit. We can confirm that Amalthea has exploded sir. Alert Patrol Alpha was in the vicinity, conducting a rescue operation. Sir, the patrol may have been caught in the blast, the officer reports fearfully.
What? the admiral questions with surprise. All twenty ships? The admiral places his glass back on the desk, a serious look of concern forming on his chubby face.
Yes sir, the officer replies grimly.
The admiral grunts as he struggles to stand from his chair. 
Suddenly a loud klaxon sounds and red flashing lights drop from the ceiling. 
Admiral Haynes places his fists on the polished surface of his oak desk. Officer of the watch!  I had not ordered us to combat stations yet, the Admiral grumbles with annoyance. He activates the hidden terminals and screens in his desk, making them flip up into view.
Sir, several vessels of unknown origin have just jumped into orbit and are bearing down on us sir, the officer proclaims frantically.
Jumped? What the hell are you talking about? Jumped? What nonsense is this? Did they use the emergency lunar portal? the Admiral asks. He reaches for a button on his console. The metal shields on the transparent bulkheads of his office slide up revealing space and part of the moon; the lunar colony of Tyco blazes brightly in the shadows of Earths moon. In the distance several objects can be seen moving closer and closer at high speed. One of the objects is most certainly a sphere. Two modern TDF Corvettes slide into view and appear to be coming about to face the approaching armada.
Sir, a large biosynth portal appeared and the vessels flew through it. There are seventeen ships, and one of them is...oh shit...one of them is a dragonship! the officer replies with immense concern. In the background the sound of franticly shouting voices can be heard.
Warrior? Is it Captain Drake? the admiral asks quickly.
No sir! This biosynth vessel is much larger than the pirate vessel commanded by the traitor, Jason Drake, the voice reports.
Oh my, the Admiral intones, scratching his stumbled fat cheek. Muster all vessels! Bring the station's batteries online and sound combat stations.
Sir, Earth Squadron is dispatched. ETA two minutes. the officer reports.
Patch me into an open channel, right now! Haynes barks.
Channel open, Admiral! the watch officer confirms.	
This is Admiral Haynes of the Terran Defense Force, Omicron Station. Unidentified vessels, you are ordered to cut your engines and stand down or we will open fire! Admiral Haynes warns his voice filled with deep cool authority.
Behind the admiralYeoman Peters screams.
The admiral turns and looks on in horror. 
Yeoman Peters is floating off the ground, blood pouring from her mouth - an ugly black blade buried deep into her chest. 
Holding the sword and standing in a combat stance is Gwendolyn, her face contorted in a mad grin of satisfaction as she looks up at the dying Yeoman. Gwendolyn is wearing a short leather skirt and matching leather top; in her other hand she holds another identical blade. 
Peters flails her arms and legs, grunts, gurgles then goes limp. Her lifeless body slides off the blade and is flung up into the air by an unseen force. 
As her body falls back to the deck, Gwendolyn twirls her other blade about and slices in a downward arc, decapitating the yeoman's corpse. 
Gwendolyn twirls her swords about her body with artful skill while turning to regard the stunned Admiral. She winks at him seductively as she brings her deadly blades into her ready attack stance. I'm sorry, chubs was that your girlfriend? she asks with a smirk.
Who are you? the Admiral demands straightening himself and bravely folding his hands behind his back.
I am the Duchess of Calliope and First Officer to the Empress Solendria of the Witchkin Empire! Gwendolyn declares proudly. The Empress asked me to respond to your demands personally.
Witchkin? the Admiral asks with confusion.
You never expected us to show up, did you? Gwendolyn asks, smirking with satisfaction.
And who would? the Admiral asks with a laugh. I assure you, that name means nothing to me.
Gwendolyn frowns. How dare you.
How dare I what? Not cower before you? Perhaps you want me to beg for my life? I know your type and you will not have any such satisfaction from me, young lady, the Admiral assures her. You are wasting my time, kill me or leave. The Admiral turns, appearing to access his control panel. The Admiral glances at a picture on his desk of a young pretty brunette woman dressed in a TDF uniform, proudly smiling; the Admiral smiles back as a tear forms in his eye. He quickly and discretely activates the planetary distress beacon. 
The admiral suddenly groans as the end of Gwendolyn's blade slices out the front of his chest. Haynes feels the girl leave, her blade dematerializes before his eyes. Blood pumps from the hole in his chest and onto his desk. Haynes looks up in time to see Lance, his claws outstretched with witchkin lightening blasting from them. The transparent bulkheads explode, the flying debris tearing and rendering the admiral's flesh before everything is sucked back out into space.
*****
From the Captain's Nest of TDFS Repulse, a corvette style warship with a crew of just under two hundred, Captain Morey Nichols watches in awe and terror as Omicron lights up; debris flying away from intensely bright explosions. The main spire, where the communication center and executive offices are located has a huge dragon attached to it, which is clawing at the outer hull and tearing large chucks of the station away. 
All Batteries! All turrets! Target that thing on the main spire and fire! Nichols screams.
Seconds pass and a steady stream of missiles and explosive slugs zero in on the dragon, followed by multiple explosions and shock waves. The captain stands from his chair and squints through the bright flashes in an attempt to assess the effectiveness of his attack. As the first wave subsides, Nichols gasps. The dragon has released himself from the spire. Unharmed, Lance is soaring toward them at a frightening speed.
Captain! a voice calls over the speakers. Sir, two unclassified vessels astern, closing fast...sir they just cut 'Victory' in half, the voice states with a sob.
Nichols brings up his arm to shield his eyes as a huge flash of light ignites Omicron's core. A series of fiery concussions travel the length of the spire and a final flash ends the station once and for all. Nichols gasps.
Fuck me! Omicron is gone! a voice over the speakers cries in torment and fear.
Everyone calm down, stay focused...bring us about...weapons...
Lance crashes through the Captain's Nest, busting the transparent bulkheads as if they were made of glass. 
Captain Nichols is crushed into the deck then torn apart by the effects of the cabin opening to space. Below the Captain's Nest, Lance continues to dive into the ship; those that are not crushed by the dragon's massive body are blown out into the void. Performing a deadly variation of the Cutting Edge maneuver, Lance eventually slices Repulse in half, length ways.  Once clear of the two parts, a bright flash from a breached reactor core vaporizes much of what is left.

*****
A sparking portal shimmers into being and the four ships of the biosynth fleet emerge. Warrior, taking the lead, thrusts ahead of the other three, although Dagger moves into a close second.
Warrior to fleet! Warrior cries out over the open channels. We are too late! The witchkin attack has begun! Activate pulse shields!
A sudden pulse blasts away from all four vessels as their shields activate.
This is Captain Drake, Jasons voice crackles. All ships engage! Protect the terran corvettes, but avoid Lanceyour shields will be ineffective against magic attacks. Warrior will take care of Lance!
Dagger performs a barrel roll and immediately sends forth a volley of pulse cannon fire that strikes the closest enemy vessel, a dragonfly shaped witchkin warship. It's shields flare and its forward progress comes to stop before coming about to respond.
Warrior to Dagger, she says angrily.
Yes, I know, Dagger pouts.
Stay with and support our cavaliers, Warrior orders angrily. Dont do that again.
Dagger swings about and returns to formation, just above the two biosynth cavaliers.
That was very brave, Dagger, Commander Encino comments over the open channel.
*****
Still sitting in Dagger's command chair, Tyler Farrow watches the action on the dragon's eye. Five other holoscreens have also switched on. The data streams are far too fast for a human brain to completely collate, however Tyler is getting enough bits and pieces that he begins to understand a great deal more than before.
Tyler, sorry there wasn't time to drop you off at Sanctuary, Dagger apologizes.
Are you kidding? If I'm going to die, this is how I would choose to, Tyler replies. I am just grateful there is a bathroom, I was worried about that.
I have a kitchen also, Dagger comments eagerly.
I don't think eating would be appropriate at this moment, Tyler comments.  Dagger, I've been trying to read your screens...
They are designed for a biosynth, Dagger reminds the young human.
Yes, I get that, it is very fast and hard to catch, but I think you have an aft particle projectile turret that can be operated manually. Do you mind if I take the tail gunner station?
Oh, that would be very helpful, Dagger states happily. Warrior always says I should accept help when it is offered and this is definitely help I could use.
I will switch the tail PPC control to this station, Tyler states, using an appropriate acronym.
Tyler, I am most impressed with your learning abilities. I will be sure to tell the captain as you would make a fine candidate for the biosynth fleet academy.
Tyler presses a few buttons on the holoterminal and two specialty holocontrols appear just above his armrests. Tyler presses his hands into them. The dragon's eye switches to an aft view and a pair of crosshairs appears at the center of the screen. Tyler moves his hands and the crosshairs move about the screen. Okay, I'm ready! Tyler declares proudly.

*****
This is it Maya!  Warrior states fiercely.
Maya looks around with both awe and fear. Warrior has her flying through space with explosions all around her. She swoops around floating debris while performing barrel rolls. Particle energy is flying out from her mouth while streams of pulse cannon energy from her shoulders strafe along the surface of a witchkin warship's shields, making them shimmer, spark and flash in response. 
Ahead, Lance is clearly seen exiting the back end of a terran corvette. There is a sudden bright flash as the destruction of its reactor core vaporizes the two pieces it had become. 
Maya frowns and gathers her will. Lance has obviously seen them and swings about for an attack. Lance brings up his tail and extends his clawed hands, witchkin lightening blasting towards Warrior, which Maya meets with the appropriate blue shield that flashes and sparks while absorbing the energy.
Warrior soars in close, swings about, and slaps her tail across Lance's face. Lance spins away, out of control. 
Maya winces having felt the impact of Warrior's tail against Lance's rough metal. Warrior changes course and dives toward the spherical jumpship. Lance, quickly regains attitude control and follows close behind.
Warrior, what have you done to yourself? Lance asks viciously, using the private dragon channel. 
How are you feeling Lance? Headache? Nausea? Having troubling sleeping? Joint pain? Warrior asks casually. She performs a spin then banks away from her pursuer.
Maya glances back over her shoulder, sees Lance closing fast and sends a volley of lighting toward him. 
Lance spins and evades the energy reaching for him. The witchkin dragon draws his will and returns a volley of his own, which Maya meets with another shield. 
You never fail to amaze and amuse, sweetheart, Lance rasps. Who did you have to kill to steal our magic?
Face it Lance, we are just better and you are doomed, Warrior states.
I wouldnt count on that, Lance replies. This just makes the fight more interesting, but in the end youll still be impaled on the end of my tail.

*****
Aria, get ready to send us in, Jason declares anxiously. He pulls his pistol and checks the magazine for the twentieth time since walking onto the CIC.
I'm ready, Aria states, trying to concentrate on the approaching spherical jumpship. But the shields on her ship aremagical.
Suddenly the deck plates shudder. For just a second the gravity compensators fail, but it is enough. Anyone not holding onto something is suddenly flung onto the deck, including Jason and Aria.
Sorry! Warrior declares her voice strained.
He's on us! the weapons officer, a mousy shorthaired female biosynth officer, declares.
The dragon's eye changes view to aft and the screen shows Lance has grabbed onto Warrior's tail with his teeth. 
Jason! Aria cries out pointing.
Jason looks up at the security console monitor, the holoscreen is blinking red. 
The security station is empty, the officer lying unconscious nearby. 
Jason opens a channel from his internal HUD. Attention all decks! Breach! Breach! Breach!  Boarding Party! Repel boarders! Repeat repel boarders! Jason draws his pistol.
Warrior, get that fucking ass jockey off of us! Aria, seal the CIC behind me.  Jason runs for the hatchway and disappears through it.
This is the XO, Seal CIC! Aria yells.
Acknowledged! CIC is now sealed, An officer replies as the hatchway snaps shut.
*****
Maya winces and looks behind her. In her mind, Lance is grabbing onto her legs. She can feel his teeth pinching her skin. Gathering her will she soaks it into her chest until she can hold no more. Snapping her arm back she sends a blast of bright blue energy toward Lance. 
Striking him in the face, Lance appears to scream. He releases his hold on the ship and tumbles backward into space, end over end. 
A green streak whips about Lance firing a single particle beam into the disoriented dragon. 
With annoyance, Lance soars away, chasing after Dagger.
Nice shot Maya, Warrior complements her.
I feel funny, Maya states. Like my stomach is upset or something.
There is an enemy boarding party walking around our decks and I doubt they are just enjoying the tour, Warrior replies sadly. This is how I feel when something is wrong inside my body.
Mom? Dad? Maya questions.
Let them do their jobs, we still need to do ours, Warrior reminds her.
Warrior flies them toward a witchkin warship and releases a volley of spawn.  Shrieking away they strike the warships shields that shimmer about the resulting explosions.
Those are not biosynth pulse shields, Warrior observes with concern.
I know, Maya says sadly. Those are magical shields. I can feel their energy. Something feels very wrong about them though.
How unfortunate, Warrior states. Warrior cannot hide the underlying frustration in her tone.

*****
The control center of witchkin warship Terror looks like it had already been hit by multiple explosions, yet these conditions have existed since before they left Refuge Station. The wall panels are mostly open with wires and tubes hanging out everywhere. Instead of being hidden, cables are strung all along the deck floor and up the sides of consoles. The control center has the appearance of having been hastily bolted together in no particular order or fashion. The curving transparent bulkheads are all dusty and not much can be seen out of them unless one is very close. 
The commander of warship Terror is dressed in a terribly dusty formerly black suit; his long brown hair and bushy beard are also coated with a white flaky dust. He is rubbing his eyes with annoyance. He watches four terror-faced witchkin, dressed in black robes, gripping glowing blue poles that stick out of the deck. Each black-robed witchkin have open third eyes. The commander looks over at a sparking smoking console bolted slightly askew against a half open panel. 
I hope the shield bearers can keep up, the whole power conduit blew out the pulse shield control when we tried to turn it on, the commander observes.
Doc! A young woman dressed in a blue dress and tight t-shirt calls from her smoking console. Despite having no damage from the battle, many of the consoles are smoking and the smell of ozone hangs heavy in the air.
Hera, you need to call me commander, he groans. The commander closes his eyes and shakes his head. We are witchkin warriors now.
Sorry, I'm new to this too, Hera laments. That biosynth dragon, Warrior, is headed this way, I think.
Doc turns opposite Hera's console where a skinny boy, no older than Tyler sits with a confused look on his face. Rick, get a lock on the dragon and shoot him.
Sure Doc, Rick replies. He presses buttons on his console and adjusts dials.  Damn, he's quick. He's going right for us too.
I need to see what is going on, the commander complains.
Sorry Doc, Hera states. The emitter thingy on the roof kinda stopped working.
Doc steps up to the transparent bulkhead and rubs some dust off the surface. Looking out he gasps at the sight of Warrior, with Lance in pursuit, soaring over the top of the control room. Several thumps are heard hitting the hull overhead, making everyone look up. 
What was that? Doc asks curiously.
Rick frowns, pressing buttons and spinning dials, his eyes suddenly widen. They dropped something onto the hull! he exclaims.
Doc comes around to look at Rick's screen. The commander moves in close and brushes the dust from the displays surface. Doc sees an image of a biowarrior squatting on the top of the ship. A brilliant light is being emitting from the torch he holds as he cuts into the hull. 
How'd he get through the shield? Doc asks with wonder.
There were six of them, I saw five flashes against the shield, but that one got through, Rick replies.
An alarm begins to sound.
Hey Doc, this thing says there is a hole in the roof, Hera declares pointing at her screen.
With a bang the control room door explodes and all the air is sucked from the opening, dragging Doc, Hera, Rick and the four witchkin shield bearers, out into space. Their dying bodies all pass the biowarrior stomping into the airless vacuum inside the control room. 
The biowarrior proceeds to go to work, slicing cables, wires and smashing consoles that look important.  
Many terran captains cheer upon the sight of one of the witchkin warships falling away from the group, its magic shields suddenly evaporating. The vessel is struck with multiple missiles and explosive rail gun rounds. The vessel breaks up and explodes spectacularly.
	
*****
The breach siren cries steadily as Lisa, Dresden and Hartman gather around the black torpedo control casing, all of them working frantically on several components at once. Dresden glances up at a holoscreen to watch the data stream then picks up a probe and makes an adjustment. We are running out of time, Dresden says aloud.
We can only do what we can, Hartman replies with annoyance, his four armatures simultaneously welding and assembling.
We are aware of our situation, Lisa adds. She is adjusting something very tiny using a precision tool held in her thumb and forefinger while squatting at one end of the table.
I am just talking to myself. I am not suggesting anything, Dresden says. I know we are doing our best, but the reality of our situation is a bit disturbing. I talk when Im nervous, sorry.
Try not to think about it, Lisa suggests. She shakes her head trying her best not to think about the situation either.
Standing at both hatchways into the lab, are two biowarriors, rifles pointed at both doors. Beneath their feet the deck plates shudder again.
I do hope they handle our intruders, this torpedo will be useless if they managed to damage Warrior beyond repair, Dresden again stating the obvious, while continuing his adjustments.
The door to the lab buckles and suddenly tears apart, pieces flying in all directions. The biowarrior standing in front of it is torn to bits, metal chunks and fluids spraying. 
The three doctors are blown to the deck. Dresden sharply cries out in pain.
The remaining biowarrior turns, his rifle thundering loudly in the confined space. Slugs scream through the breached hatchway and into the metal armor of a surprised witchkin frakenwarrior, tearing into its inner workings and breaching several systems; the ammunition improvements are worth the effort. 
Without warning the biosynth biowarrior is lifted off the deck and thrown back against a medical console, which sparks and spits an electrical discharge upon impact. The biowarrior screams in agony as its innards are fried by witchkin magic. 
Gwendolyn steps through the breach, her swords spinning in her hands menacingly.
You took out my escort, how surprising, Gwendolyn announces. But your pathetic little toys are no match for a witchkin! A confident grin forms on the face of the Duchess of Calliope.
Lisa leaps away from the lab table. She lands on the lab floor reaching for the biowarriors dropped heavy rifle. 
Gwendolyn springs like a cat and brings one of her swords down. 
Lisa screams in torment as Gwendolyn stabs Lisa's arm at the elbow, pinning her to the deck. Her eyes filled with rage, Lisa looks up at Gwendolyn. Bitch! Lisa curses. Lisa suddenly sobs, the pain causing tears to form.
Nice. I heard how disrespectful you humans are, but that will change, Gwendolyn assures.
Fuck you! Lisa spits, tears streaming down her cheeks. Lisa fights back her fears and glares angrily at Gwendolyn.
Too bad. You could have been my personal slave, Gwendolyn suggests with amusement. She leans down to whisper in Lisa's ear, Im just kidding, nobody on this filthy ship is going to live. Gwendolyn straightens, twirls her free blade about in her hand and then drives the black steel into Lisa's forehead. 
Lisa gasps and arches her back. Suddenly her face relaxes, her eyes stare blankly and her body goes limp.
Gwendolyn places her foot on Lisa's face and yanks her sword from the doctors head producing a crunchy hollow slurp sound.
No! Red screams with surprised angry sorrow. He is standing in the broken hatchway, arriving just in time to watch Lisa die. He brings his rifle to his shoulder and takes aim. From behind him, Jason appears, leveling his pistol.
Sorry boys, not today, Gwendolyn says. Gwendolyn waves her hand as her body disappears - heavy slugs punching through the wall behind where she once stood.
The breach siren is silenced. Dresden gets off the deck holding his broken forearm, a piece of bone sticking up out of the skin, blood staining his lab coat.  His face is covered in sweat. Dresden looks at Lisa's bleeding lifeless body with both alarm and sadness. Hartman rights himself and hovers back over to the torpedo to continue his work.
Jason and Red run to Lisa's body but upon inspection quickly come to the same conclusion, Doctor Everett is dead.
Red's eyes flash and become crimson red. He glances over at his captain. Sir, requesting immediate drop to Solendria's jumpship sir, Red states with rage.
Jason slides his hand over his bald scalp as he slowly stands. He turns his head, eyes burning and says between clenched teeth, Report to station and prepare to drop, Jason orders.
Red straightens and performs a stiff salute. He turns and marches back out the way he came, through the broken hatchway.
Jason looks over at Dresden who is breathing heavily now and moaning as he cradles his arm.
Doctor, get down to medical and take care of that arm, Jason orders.
The torpedo... Dresden stammers and winces.
Doctor Dresden, I can finish this, Hartman assures him. The biosynth doctor moves his armatures quickly and precisely. Get helpthis is almost done.
He has this, Jason says. Get your ass to medical, that is not a suggestion.
Hartman, his head held down, cradles his damaged arm and limps from the room. He moans and sighs with pain.  
Jason selects a channel in his HUD. CIC, Doctor Everett is dead, Jason states, his voice uneasy. He pauses for a moment to collect his thoughts. He tries not to look at Lisas lifeless body on the deck. We have a ton of internal damage between decks four and five and probably ten other casualties. Doctor Dresden is severely wounded.
Jason...understood, Arias voice responds sadly. Jason, you should know, all the witchkin vessels are protected by magic shields, and we can't penetrate them. We did have one successful drop that resulted in the elimination of a threat, but we lost six biowarriors in the process.
Then we will have to do this ship to ship. Tell Maya to try and disrupt the sphere's shield then you translocate Red Team to their bridge, Jason orders. Im taking the lead again. This ends now!
Yes sir, Aria replies. Give them hell captain. Moving into position now.
Jason looks over at Hartman. How long?
Hartman's single slit of an eye slides up his face and over to regard the captain, while his busy armatures continue to perform their frantic work. Twenty minutes, sir.
Jason grunts to himself. He turns to exit the room.

Chapter Seventeen

Lady Solendria, one of her faceless bridge staff intones dispassionately. Another warship reports the failure of their pulse shield following an overload.
Solendria groans with displeasure. Her usual formal attire has disappeared and has been replaced by a pair of black slacks, black shirt and a long black coat. Solendria turns and frowns at Gwendolyn who just then shimmered into appearance onto the bridge of her jumpship, both swords still in her hands.
Solendria glances out the transparent bulkheads and sees Warrior harassing one of her warships with particle energy and more spawn. Why is that thing still flying? Solendria asks with annoyance.
They killed all my warriors and I had to retreat, Gwendolyn states. She sheaths her blades in the scabbards strapped to her back. Somehow the biosynth slugs are penetrating our biowarriors' armor. They must have upgraded their weapons somehow. This would have been easier if Lance would simply take them out.
Did you figure out how Warrior obtained the use of magic? Solendria asks.
I didnt get close enough to find out anything useful, other than how easily humans die, Gwendolyn replies with a smile.
Solendria shakes her head. No matter, they can't penetrate our shields, it is only a matter of time now. Solendria looks down onto the bridge deck where six witchkin, three male and three female, wearing black robes, are standing holding fast onto blue glowing poles sticking out of the deck. Each witchkin has wide scared looking eyes including their third eye burning in their foreheads. They stare at nothing, their arms glowing with witchkin magic. 
At their stations the dark uniformed bridge operators, mirrored faceplates in place, monitor their systems silently and obediently.
Gwendolyn looks at the witchkin shield bearers and raises an eyebrow, Do you think any of them know they are dying?
They may have figured that out by now, but they are unable to stop either way. It is unfortunate we could not have more time to deal with the toxicity problems of biotechs. If we had been able to fix the laser array...maybe... Solendria considers.
They are giving their lives to the cause, there is no greater honor, Gwendolyn declares.
I hope you still feel that way when your time comes child, Solendria says sadly.
I have no intention of giving them the satisfaction, my Empress, Gwendolyn assures her. Gwendolyn suddenly looks up and cries out with surprise. 
Warrior, with Lance following close behind, dives toward the bridge. Lance is firing a beam of red energy from his eyes, which strikes the witchkin shield causing it to shimmer brilliantly. The deck shudders beneath the two women's feet. 
All six witchkin shield bearers suddenly scream in pain. For just a second the blue glow of the shield bearers poles are extinguished, only to resume just as suddenly. 
There is a tremendous thud when both dragons crash against the hull of the jumpship, roll away and resume their flight, one chasing the other.
Intruder Alert! a voice over the speakers barks. A low steady siren begins to sound.
Deal with this! Solendria growls. The empress suddenly shimmers and disappears, translocating as she looks up at the fleeing biosynth dragonship, Warrior.
Gwendolyn reaches back and yanks her swords from their scabbards. Instinctively she swings her body about and into a combat stance. Quickly she gathers her will in time to put up a shield that blazes brightly as a volley of slugs smashes into it. 
Six rifles held by six biosynth biowarriors fire thunderously, sending hot armor penetrating slugs into Gwendolyns shield. 
Jason Drake, his pistol blazing, rolls into a firing position in front of his biowarriors. 
From above, three witchkin biowarriors drop from the dome's rafters, landing noisily onto the deck. Bringing up twin guns, all three unleash a stream of heavy slugs toward the biowarriors. 
Quickly the biosynth boarding party barricade themselves behind available support pillars. 
The witchkin slugs spark as they strike and dent the heavy pillars. 
Gwendolyn rolls away and drops behind a pillar with the intent of moving around behind the barricaded biowarriors. Peeking around the edge of the pillar she catches sight of one of Red's biowarriors. Using her mind she picks it up and flings it away as if it were a toy. That's one Jason Drake! Gwendolyn calls out with a laugh.
Jason rolls out onto the deck, takes aim at one of the witchkin shield bearers and splits her head in half with a single shot from his powerful pistol. He rolls back behind cover before a stream of shells hits the deck where he had just been. That's one, Bitch! Jason calls back.
Immediately the deck shudders as a stream of particle fire strikes the jumpship; the magic shield is already weakened greatly. 
Gwendolyn gasps. Clenching her teeth she leaps into the air and lands on an upper metal crossbeam, one of many that crisscrosses the domed ceiling of the bridge. She releases a stream of lightning from the ends of her swords that fry the insides of a biowarrior near Jason. She drops back down to cover before return fire strikes her. 
The biowarrior screams and flails about the deck before sparks and blood blow out of its eye sockets and its body goes limp. We can keep doing this if you like, Captain, Gwendolyn states loudly.
Jason again rolls onto the deck, and without stopping fires two rounds, taking out two witchkin shield bearers, their heads splattering wetly. The witchkin biowarriors are unable to lock and completely miss the augmented captain as he rolls back into cover. 
Red rises, his eyes glowing like fire, his rifle thundering. The improved slugs penetrate one of the witchkin biowarriors that screams in response and then tumbles to the deck spewing fluids and sparks. 
Jason laughs, What's the count now, Princess?
It's Duchess, human filth! Gwendolyn screams with annoyance. I swear, I will have you on your knees before you die!
The deck shudders, the gravity compensators failing and rocking the ship starboard. Everyone falls back to the deck as an explosion pushes the jumpship into an uncontrolled spin. 
The last three shield bearers scream in utter torment. 
Gwendolyn slides along the deck and impacts a support beam painfully, while her more experienced enemy find ways to stabilize themselves and hang on. 
As gravity is restored, Jason stands and quickly executes another shield bearer with a well-placed shot to the back of his neck, spraying fluids and matter out the targets mouth. The remaining members of Red Squad all come out of cover, their rifles thundering, slugs pouring into the remaining witchkin biowarriors. The witchkin biowarriors spark, scream and smoke; eventually they come apart to become useless metal husks of leaking fluids.
Gwendolyn rolls back onto her feet, extends her hand and unleashes a blast of energy that throws Jason and what remains of his squad onto their backs. Weapons are flung from their grips. 
It doesn't matter how big and powerful your guns are, a whole army of you Neanderthals couldn't touch me, Gwendolyn boasts. She snaps her arms at her sides and gathers her will, charging her body with the ability to roast Jason and his biowarriors alive; her hands start to glow brightly with a bright red nimbus.

*****
The wreckage of twenty terran ships and their most powerful defense station, Omicron, drifts and spins at the lunar Lagrange point. The remaining twenty, some already visibly damaged, move into a new formation and prepare to deliver a hopeless counter-attack maneuver that undoubtedly will end with them joining the debris field. 
Joining the terrans on either side of their formation, Biosynth cavaliers, Arrow and Javelin, glide smoothly into place.  
The witchkin fleet, having only lost one ship, maneuvers itself back into its original formation. Despite some apparent weakness to its shields, the spherical jumpship moves back into the lead position. Lance, continuing his pursuit of Warrior, flings magic at her as Maya continues to bring up shields to prevent damage. The two dragonships fly between the two fleets, which for the moment appear content to watch the spectacle of two dragons attempting to out maneuver each other.
Aria stares at a holoscreen but glances at the dragon's eye from time to time, The fleets have stopped attacking each other. Aria observes with curiosity.
They are catching their breaths. Solendria will decimate the remaining ships, Warrior states emphatically.
Have you given up on all hope? Aria asks with sad surprise.
With all do respect, Commander, all I can do at the moment is fly. None of my weapons are working. The sphere's shields appears to be weakening, perhaps the captain has done some damage, but I can't get close enough now to do anything further, not with this butt pirate on my ass.  Warrior laments.
Aria closes her eyes. Maya?
I'm a little busy, Momma, she replies in her mind.
Remember, you used a repulse spell earlier? Aria asks.
Yes...but
I know you havent practiced much, but if you get a chance, try a spark spell, her mother suggests. Aria taps her CU. Dr. Hartman? Any progress?
At first she is greeted with silence. Then the biosynth doctor responds with, I'm closing it up now, where do you want it?
Good work, Doctor! Take it to the aft spawn launcher; it is one deck below you and as far aft as you can go. I will meet you there, Aria replies.
Commander! The weapons officer cries.
Aria looks to the dragon's eye and gasps. The witchkin fleet is moving forward.
*****
The witchkin fleet has just begun to accelerate toward them when Valerie looks out across the field of battle. She estimates that the enemy fleet will begin their barrage of pulse cannon and particle beam fire in about thirty seconds. Further analysis shows that once under fire, Javelin's weakened shields will fail within one minute, hull breaches will result in two minutes and thirty seconds later her ship and likely Arrow will be part of a new debris field. Basically she and her crew have about two minutes and thirty seconds left to live. Valerie sighs and punches up the communication channel. Habra, pump up the volume, Helm, we are going to break formation. On my mark, ahead full and ram us down the spheres throat!
Yes sir, an enthusiastic voice responds. 
The heavy bass music that had been playing in the background increases in volume. 
Valerie smiles as she prepares an attack sequence she knows is doomed to fail. She prepares to order her helm to proceed when a very large blinding flash of light causes her to squint. Much to her surprise, and the surprise of all twenty captains of the remaining terran fleet, the massive juggernaut Fearless appears. Sliding through the super secret Lunar Static Jump Portal and, as luck would have it, settling between both fleets. 
Valerie cheers then laughs as she re-opens the channel. Helm brings us just behind the juggernauts firing solution and pick a target!
Yea Ha! someone screams over the open channel.

*****
Captain Beverly Rush had no idea what to expect when she finally received Jason's emergency signal. It took an annoyingly long time to convince her senior staff to violate orders and activate the emergency LJP. Upon arriving in Earth orbit, she springs out of her chair. She gasps in disbelief at the sight of the huge debris field where Omicron Station should be. Her blood boils thinking of the time wasted in useless debate. The consequences will have to be dealt with later.
Clenching her teeth Beverly angrily activates a ship-wide channel by slamming her fist into her armrest. Weapons! All Batteries! All Turrets! Target the bogey fleet! Fire! Fire! Fire! Engineering, direct all power, except life support, to weapons. Scrap these fuckers, now! Beverly screams in frustration while literally pulling her hair.
On the starboard side alone, Fearless has fifty missile turrets and a hundred rail gun batteries, to say the sky lit up was an understatement. From Earth, people look up at the sky and see the spectacle in space as Fearless unleashes a hellish barrage. The witchkin shields light up, sparking and shimmering as countless explosions shake the hull of every ship in their fleet. 
The witchkin advance comes to an immediate halt. The twenty surviving ships of the TDF along with two Biosynth vessels soon add their firepower.
Additional streaks of light fill the space between the terran fleet and the witchkin vessels that are unable to return fire, the heavy barrage forcing their shields to flash brightly. Brilliant explosions and a severe lack of experience keep the witchkin from targeting their own weapons.
Captain Rush checks her screens and frowns, realizing that although the witchkin fleet has stopped moving and are unable to fire, none of the enemy ships are taking damage. Beverly pulls up a different screen that steadily shows her ammunition counter, rapidly decreasing. They can't keep this up.

*****
A series of explosions rocks the jumpship. The two remaining shield bearers scream in agony. The deck lurches and Gwendolyn is thrown back onto the deck as Jason and his squad scramble to cover, grabbing their weapons on the way.
In awe everyone looks up and out the transparent bulkheads to see Fearless filling the view, her mighty guns raining fire upon them, the weakened shield sparking and shimmering brightly. 
Jason starts to laugh. Hey Princess, look outside, things are about to get more interesting, he calls out to her.
Gwendolyn pulls herself off the deck discovering that she has cut her forehead and is bleeding. She reaches up and touches the wound wincing from the pain. She wonders if she will now have a scar. She glances out the transparent bulkheads and gasps to see the juggernaut and it's rain of fire. She glances at the remaining shield bearers who continued to moan and cry in pain, their bodies shaking. 
At their consoles, the operators continued their silent vigil of the ship systems, apparently oblivious to what is happening outside. She realizes she has to protect the last shield bearers. She gathers her will, jumps up and throws up a shield in time to catch Jason's latest attempt to kill one of them. 
All five biowarriors step from behind their barricades and open fire. 
Gwendolyn gasps and groans as she fights to keep her shield up.
Jason finds a TDF channel in his HUD. Hey Beverly! Nice timing, he states casually. Jason fires his pistol toward Gwendolyns head. His last slug leaves the breach. With lightning speed, Jason drops the empty magazine, grabs a fresh clip from his belt and jams it into the handle. Jason resumes fire with only a momentary pause.
I got here as soon as I could, Beverly replies stiffly. You have a plan?  Cause other than a pretty light show, we aren't doing much out here.
You are holding them off!  If you hadn't showed up their transports would be landing on Earth right now, Jason says. Listen, Ive infiltrated the spherical ship, so when the shields go down, do me a favor and stop firing on it till I get my people off. I will signal you.
Are you going to take their shields down? Cause I can't keep this up for to long, Beverly warns. What the hell kind of shields are these anyway?
Any second now, Jason states confidently. Just be patient.

*****
Doctor Hartman, holding the torpedo control casing in all four armatures glides down to the next deck using a gangway then hovers down the wide corridor toward the final aft compartment where the aft spawn launcher is located. He reaches the large door that slides into the wall silently - revealing Solendria, Empress of the Witchkin Empire. She appears to be preparing to pull a spawn missile from one of many storage racks. Spawn are heavy but that was of little issue for Solendria's mind. Spawn are loaded with biosynth technology and as a result has a much higher yield than a standard terran hellfire missile. Obviously the detonation of spawn inside the launcher bay would have a devastating effect on Warrior.
Solendria turns to look upon the biosynth doctor and grins. Another biosynth monstrosity no doubt, She deduces simply. She points to the crumpled remains of a biowarrior slumped in the corner, leaking fluids, its eyes dead and lifeless. I destroyed that one easy enough. I am guessing I can make short work of you as well.  
I remember you, Doctor Hartman states confidently. Yeoman Solendria, you were assigned to Warriors crew.
Solendrias eyes narrow as she consults her memory. Oh yes, youre the medical thing. I remember you too. Solendria grins, lifting her finger and pointing it at the biosynth doctor. You know doctor, we found a great deal more than just technology floating above my dead planet. The data we recovered would astonish even you I think.
I am very experienced with acts of mindless violence, however I think the scale of my experiences would surprise you, yeoman, Hartman intones with threat in his voice.
Humanity has no clue of the danger that awaits them. You are hiding a terrible secret, arent you Doctor Hartman? Solendria suggests slyly. What horror hangs over us all? The scourge of the biosynth posed to destroy us all.
Whatever you think you know, I doubt you have the ability to fully comprehend the gravity of it, Hartman replies. The doctors blue eye switches to bright red.
If the humans knew what was in store for them they would turn on you, Im sure. When I destroy you, Ill actually be doing them a favor, Solendria declares. And they thought the witchkin were a danger...a whole galaxy of trouble threatens their so-called peace, and they dont even know it.
You are the danger, yeoman, Hartman declares. What little knowledge you think you have makes you dangerous.
Your time is done, Solendria assures.
I have no fear of you yeoman, Hartman states confidently. Youve over extended yourself and your failure is imminent. 
Solendria scowls angrily. She flicks her wrist and Doctor Hartman is flung into the bulkhead next to him quickly and painfully. The torpedo control casing falls from his armatures, onto the deck, and rolls into the launcher bay compartment. 
Solendria ignores it and fires a sickly green fire into the biosynth doctor. His single eye flashes brightly then explodes, sparks and bloody fluids spitting out the opening. Hartman shivers and shakes for a moment. His armatures flail about but suddenly stiffen, glow and melt with green fire; one of them falls off at the elbow to clang to the deck noisily. Doctor Hartman's chest cracks open, a mess of wires and fluids spit out of the opening. Doctor Hartman falls to the deck, lifeless. With curiosity Solendria glances down at the torpedo control casing that the late doctor was carrying.
Yeoman Solendria. Aria shouts. She arrives at the launcher bay door from the corridor. She glances at the lifeless form of Doctor Hartman and sighs sadly.
Commander Eaglewolf, biosynth slave and exotic dancer, never thought I'd get to meet you again. How the mighty have fallen  the daughter of the noble house Eaglewolf cavorting with the scum of the galaxy, Solendria says with contempt. You were supposed to die on Neo Utopia.
Yet here I stand, Aria states. Have any of your plans ever worked out?  I remember when you first came on this ship, you were so very angry. The rank of yeoman was so beneath you, yet even the rank of captain wouldn't have been good enough for you. Now look at you; an empress of a supposed witchkin empire, Aria spits the last word from her mouth like a foul taste. Witchkin have no use for empires. We exist in peace.
Our people are meant for greatness and I am meant to lead them, Solendria says confidently. To long have we cowered behind the pretense of peace. Our destiny is to rulewe are the evolution of perfection. We deserve to take our rightful place. 
How convenient for you...the tragedy of Irridani. What a wonderful opportunity for you, Aria replies, energy crackling from her fingertips.
You and your abominable friends are a blight on the galaxy, Solendria states. The humans will pay for genocide and you have no idea the evil behind the biosynth scourge. Ive seen the truth of them. If you knew what I know, youd be helping me rid the galaxy of them.
The humans responsible for Irridani were brought to justice. This is a well-known fact. Jason Drake hunted them down. They were tried, convicted and sentenced to cryo-prison. You know this, because you had to free one of them to hunt me down. You even gave Petranis some weak temporary witchkin powers and those nasty swords. You must have been on Neo Utopia watching, expecting victory, but seeing only failure. That must have been very frustrating for you, Aria says with a sad laugh. We threatened your plans so you hunted us down, I get that, but not for the reasons you would have admitted to publically. You wanted me dead to ensure I did not find our people, because I would have told them the truth and your hate campaign would have crumbled.
All humans are guilty of this crime, all humans must suffer! Solendria states. She clenches her fists sending sparks and energy spiraling up her arms.
Don't try to feed me your bullshit. Our people are hurt and vulnerable and they are looking for guidance, how unfortunate you showed up. Look how low you have taken them and look at the energy you have wasted trying to extract the secrets of biosynth technology, harnessing witchkin magic to give you an advantage over us. How much could you have done for our people had you spent that energy rebuilding or finding a new home? Should that not have been your priority, as leader of our people? You've had them hiding in the cold dark mines of Calliope, scared and angry, convincing them to abandon our most fundamental values to seek revenge and build an Empire around your fantasies, Aria laughs. Yeoman, you are a pathetic joke and you are leading our people with a lie. Your plan is doomed to failure. Tragically so many have died and will die because of everything that you have done.
You have a limited vision and this conversation is over! Solendria flicks her wrist and energy sizzles from her fingertips. Aria snaps her arms down, her hands glowing with a green nimbus as she pulls a magical shield around her, blocking the attack. Opposing energies collide and crackle between them, sending out shards of orange and yellow. 
Bringing her right hand up, Aria sprays bright orange sparks of energy at Solendria, who brings up her own hand to shield herself, deflecting the attack to the ceiling where tendrils of energy snake about the metal roof plates. 
Solendria snaps out her arm and releases a bright green ball of sparking energy, striking Aria in the chest, Aria is flung off her feet and lands painfully on her back in the corridor outside the launcher bay. Aria screams in agony as the devastating magic courses through her body trying to destroy her from the inside out. Aria counters its effect with healing magic.
Solendria looks down at the torpedo control casing Hartman was carrying, What is this? A devastating new biosynth weapon? Solendria lifts the casing up with her mind and spins it about.
Aria's eyes widen, but then she smiles. Maya! Tell warrior to fly into the witchkin fleet, hurry! Aria sends out her thought hastily through the open channel between herself and her daughter.
*****
Maya is flinging bright orange sparks of energy toward Lance whose pursuit is relentless and tiring. Lance dodges about the sparks, Maya's efforts are too obvious and her skill too unpracticed to accomplish anything but annoy their pursuer. 
My mom says we have to fly into the witchkin fleet! Maya screams to Warrior. Maya puts up a shield as a ball of green energy strikes it and makes it shimmer.
Maya, we will be bombarded! I can't dodge all of that and we have to get around that big ship's weapons fire. Warrior protests.
It wasn't a suggestion, Warrior. Her voice sounded like it was life or death, Maya says. She sends another spark and curses as it misses Lance completely.
Hang on! Warrior screams, banking suddenly and turning.
Hang on to what? Maya questions with annoyance then screams at the sudden change in course.
It's a figure of speech, child, Warrior replies with equal annoyance.   
Warrior dives and spins. Lance, unprepared for Warrior's sudden course change, spins away in the wrong direction. Maya looks ahead and gasps at the sight of the most panoramic view of the battle available to anyone. 
Fearless and the mass of terran and biosynth ships are unleashing streams of missiles, slugs and pulse cannon blasts into the witchkin fleet, their shields blazing intently. Warrior pours on the speed. They soar toward the center of the witchkin fleet. The witchkin warships are rushing toward them, shields blazing and sparking brightly, explosions all around them. As warrior's angle of attack changes, some of the witchkin warships are able to get clean shots and a barrage of pulse cannon fire and particle beams head straight for them. 
Maya gathers her will and charges the biggest and strongest shield she can muster, throwing it out in front of them. Assailed by stolen biosynth weapons the shield blazes and sparks bright green. 
Maya screams in pain as she fights to maintain the shield! Momma!  Were on top of them...but I cannot hold my shield! Momma! Maya screams to Aria, her voice filled with pain and panic.
*****
Aria winces from Maya's terrified screams in her mind. Quickly she gets to her feet. Gracefully she moves into a ready stance while watching as Solendria, an amused smirk on her face, spins the black torpedo control casing about in the air with her mind. Aria smiles and draws just a bit of will to the end of her fingertips.
I think I will send this to my ship and have my scientists look at it, Solendria states, her voice nonchalant and cocky.
They will find it very familiar, after all they made it, Aria says.
Really? Solendria flashes a smile at Aria. But then a realization begins to itch in her brain and her smile disappears; her eyes widen. What is this? Solendria demands. She stares at the casing, suddenly desperate for answers as a perplexing feeling of dread engulfs her soul.
Let's find out! Aria says. She flicks her wrist, sending out just the slightest tinge of energy. It travels the distance between her and the spinning casing in a microsecond. An energy tendril swirls about the length of the casing, finds the ignition circuit and activates it.

*****
Beverly watches the counters on her screen with a sickening feeling in her gut. Heat monitors are all yellow and ammo counts have gone to critical. It won't be long before she will have to stop firing. She could spin about and have at them from the port side, but by the time such a manoeuver is executed, the witchkin would be all over them. 
Suddenly a bright flash of light is ignited near the center of the witchkin fleet.  Beverly squints her eyes and watches a spherical shock wave growing outward engulfing the witchkin fleet and continuing to expand ostensibly. Immediately it is clear the witchkin shields are down as violent explosions start breaking open some of the warships while others have begun to maneuver out of formation in an attempt to get out of the line of fire. Beverly smiles.

*****
For a moment, the bridge of Solendria's jumpship is engulfed in pure white light. The biowarriors lower their weapons and look about with confusion. The light is not painful to either them or Jason whose automatic light shades slip into place, another bonus of biosynthetic technology. Gwendolyn however screams and shields her eyes with her hands. A terrified third eye appears in her forehead, flashes but then suddenly vanishes. Her head feels like something is attempting to claw it's way out of her skull. She falls to her knees clenching her head and screaming in torment. 
Behind the duchess, the remaining shield bearers twist and contort. They tear their hands away from the posts, leaving chucks of flesh, then in unison they fall to the deck their bodies quivering and shaking uncontrollably.
Jason steps out behind his cover and he begins to walk toward Gwendolyn, his gun raised and pointed in her direction. 
Gwendolyn is twisted into a fetal position on the hard deck, groaning in agony. 
Red moves up next to his captain, looking down at her with his furious red eyes.
Gwendolyn, realizing her enemy is upon her, rolls unsteadily onto her feet, but is only able to grasp one blade. She tries to twirl it menacingly, but her previous skill is not as apparent. 
Gasping and sighing she forces a smile and says, You aren't to bright coming so close to me.  She tries to gather her will, but she feels nothing. Gwendolyn's face contorts with terror from having the foundation of her existence suddenly torn away; it is like being struck blind or deaf. Again and again she attempts to bring forth the witchkin magic, only to fail each time. Panicking, she slices her sword through the air and spins it toward Jason, but with her diminished skill, Jason easily steps away from her attack. 
Red snaps out his metal fist, easily catching her in the face, shattering her nose and spraying her blood in all directions. 
Jason performs a precision spinning kick that painfully snaps her wrist and sends the sword flying and clanging onto the deck. Snapping his foot into Gwendolyn's chest she flies backward to land painfully onto the deck, gasping and crying in agony.
Red, will you please take the princess into custody, Jason orders.
Custody? Captain that is unacceptable, Red growls.
I need her alive for the time being, Jason states. Jason looks upon Red with surprise. Red, your protocol is pretty specific concerning insubordination, you might want to review the consequences.
Red's eyes shimmer and pulse as he clenches his fists, The protocols are inadequate for this particular situation sir, he growls.
Take the princess into custody, sergeant, Jason orders, his voice stern.
Duchess! Gwendolyn curses. She rolls onto her stomach and spits blood from her mouth, tears streaming down her face. She rolls back onto her back and groans with agony.
Under protest, captain, Red grumbles. He steps up, reaches down and roughly pulls the murderous young woman up by her arms. You murdered a good woman, Red tells her.
What did you filthy hairless-apes do to me? Gwendolyn demands. She chokes, blood pouring from her shattered nose, her eyes glassy and filled with tears.
Red smashes his forehead into hers.
Gwendolyn groans, her eyes roll back into her head and her body goes limp. 
Red lets go and her limp body falls to the cold metal deck, crumpling into an awkward and uncomfortable position, her head bouncing on the metal plates.
Jason walks up to the control stations where the silent operators continue their passionless vigil. I assume you guys are going to follow my orders now.
We just do what we are told, regardless, one of them states dispassionately.
Signal your surrender to the Fearless, Jason says pointing out the transparent bulkheads. Tell them we surrender, then move this ship out of the line of fire.

*****
Both Aria and Solendria are curled into fetal positions, screaming in agony as the effects of the signal course through their bodies. Their third eyes appear briefly in their foreheads before vanishing, much as every witchkin in the radius of the signal experiences. 
An alarm is sounding throughout the ship and the lights flicker. Some of the control panels are smoking and sparking. Aria fights to regain control, pushing back the pain. Slowly she claws at the deck forcing herself to her hands and knees, breathing deeply and gasping for air. She looks over to Solendria who is in much the same condition.  
With shaking hands Solendria grabs the edge of the hatchway and pulls herself into a seated position then reaches for her face, which feels very hot and tight. She realizes something terrible has happened when her fingertips come into contact with ruined flesh. The pain hits her suddenly and she begins to scream and howl.
Aria comes to her feet on unsteady legs while pushing her pain to the back of her mind. She forces herself to breath normally. Looking over at the fallen empress, Aria gasps. 
Solendria was standing right next to the torpedo casing when the signal was activated and while it had not been intended as an explosive, the energy released at that range was enough to severely fry her face. Her once pale flesh is blackened and crispy with patches of red painful blisters. The hair on one side of her head has burned away leaving crispy burnt skin that hangs from her skull.
What have you done? Solendria asks in horror. The empress brings her shaking hands to her face and tries to gather some will to heal herself, but nothing happens.
You've been suggesting that you and our people are so much more special than anyone else in the galaxy. Why, because of our powers? Is that what makes us special? Take away those powers and what are we? What were we before we evolved? Aria asks, wincing in pain. Her head throbs and her joints scream.
What are you talking about? Solendria demands while looking at her hands as if for the first time. She tries again to pull her will together but no magic gathers. Solendria begins to shiver with fright as her face throbs with a deep burning that makes her moan with pain.
Human! We are human, you stupid bitch, Aria reminds her. Without our powers we are just human, the very same people you have condemned and murdered!
Human! Solendria curses in a deeply furious voice. She gets to her feet and looks upon Aria with the eyes of a rabid dog. Humans can never match our grace, our power or our strength. Humans are no more useful than maggots!  We have barely touched the surface of our abilities. We could be Gods! Solendria screams baring her teeth - hatred overpowering her pain.
How dare you! You have soiled and tainted our society with your selfishness!  It wasn't our powers that made us special; it was our ability to live in peace for hundreds of years without conflict. We tuned into the power of the universe with harmony and peace, not hatred or malice. We have never before used our powers in aggression. Now we have the stigma of a people capable of terrible things. You have shown the galaxy that we are indeed the threat a very tiny minority of humans believed us to be! Aria screams at her. A leader that brings its people to war is a failed leader! A leader that puts their people in harms way is a failed leader. Ruling with fear or hate is a sign of weakness and is doomed to failure. You are the symbol of failure, Solendria.
Says the first witchkin to serve in the human fleet, Solendria curses with contempt. You are a traitor. You married one of those apes and gave birth to a half-breed. You know nothing of our potential and hold nothing about our people sacred. You would have us servicing the humans and breeding with them like whores! Now you bring us all to our doom with your weakness!
You brought us here, if we die, it is you who have killed us, Aria states confidently. She points at Solendria. You had a responsibility to restore our race, instead you dragged them on a futile and wasteful campaign of revenge. You have sullied the very core of our society with your ambition.
Solendria reaches behind her back and draws a dagger from a hidden sheath. Id rather die than live as a lesser being among inferior organisms, Solendria curses through clenched teeth. But you die first! 
With surprising grace and speed, the former empress spins and delivers a back-kick, which Aria blocks and counters with a forward snap punch, being careful to avoid Solendria's blade.  
Solendria blocks Aria's counter then performs another spin and thrusts her blade toward Aria. 
Aria blocks her thrust and snaps up her leg successfully connecting with Solendria's face and forcing her back against the bulkhead. 
Aria moves gracefully and with style executing a spinning sidekick, but Solendria dodges the blow and slices her blade across Aria's thigh. 
Aria cries out at the pain from the deep cut, blood gushing from the wound and onto the deck. Aria rears back and delivers a devastating back-kick into Solendria's chest; several ribs are heard cracking as she is flung off her feet to land painfully onto her back. 
Solendria gasps as all the air is pushed from her lungs but she still rolls away and back to her feet while wheezing. Blood trickles from her mouth indicating severe internal damage as a broken rib bone pokes into her lung. Her eyes furious she pushes back against the bulkhead and flies at Aria, swinging her blade toward the commander's neck. 
Aria blocks the strike by grabbing her wrist and using Solendria's momentum to throw her against the opposite bulkhead. Spinning about, Aria connects the side of her boot with Solendria's face driving her ruined face into the metal wall and knocking her back to the deck. 
Solendria groans with pain but finds the strength to leap to her feet and stab her blade toward Aria. 
Aria skillfully and precisely blocks the blade. She counters with a snap punch to Solendria's face, her nose erupting in blood, which sprays over the ruined flesh. She is forced back against the bulkhead.
Gasping and groaning with pain, blood streaming down her face, Solendria looks upon Aria with furious eyes. Fine. You win! Solendria declares. Solendria spins the blade about in her hand, offering the ornately decorated handle to Aria while holding her free hand up in surrender.
Aria, breathing deeply, regards the former empress with pity as she steps up to accept her weapon and pathetic surrender.
Solendria suddenly snaps her leg up, connecting her boot with Aria's face, shattering her nose that erupts with spraying blood. Aria flies back into the opposite bulkhead and crumples to the deck next to the corpse of Doctor Hartman. Aria gets to her hands and knees, gasping for air, her entire body assailed by pain while blood gushes from her ruined nose.
Do you see now? Solendria asks angrily. She snaps her foot into Aria's stomach, making her cry out with pain as she is forced over onto her back. 
Aria writhes on the deck holding her stomach, blood oozing from her crushed nose.
See what your mercy gets you? Talk to me now about peace and harmony. Tell me again about symbols and failure! Solendria screams. She spins the handle of her blade back into her hand and holds it in her clenched fist, the point aimed at the deck.
Aria, her eyes blurred with tears, looks about while gasping and wheezing. She reaches back with her right hand.
Aria, the great, the famous, the WHORE!  How dare you lecture me! Solendria spits. Your audacity has cost you your life and once dead I will end this abomination once in for all. Despite your high and mighty morals, you still LOSE! Solendria moves on Aria, bringing her blade up ready to pounce on her helpless form.
Aria seizes the fallen armature of Doctor Hartman and suddenly sits up while thrusting the metal toward Solendria. The end of the armature, having been melted to a sharp point, sinks into Solendria's chest, slices through her heart and out her back. 
Her eyes wide, the former empress gurgles, drops her knife and staggers back while spewing blood from her mouth. Pushing herself up against the bulkhead, the part of the armature sticking out her back makes a scraping sound as Solendria slides down to a seated position onto the deck. She looks over at Aria, her eyes becoming glassy, her mouth agape and drizzling blood.
We all lost today, Aria croaks sadly.
Solendria pulls a deep painful gasp of air into her torn lungs. Idiot, Solendria rasps. Biosynth slavery awaits your future. You will regret your alliance.  
Aria struggles to her feet. She holds her hand against the wound on her thigh. She reaches up to her face with her free hand and winces when she lightly touches her crushed nose.
Solendria's head falls forward. Her lifeless eyes stare at the deck.

Chapter Eighteen

What the hell was that? Tyler screams as the deck and bulkheads shake fiercely.
I thought something exploded by the witchkin Fleet but... Dagger trails off.
Tyler changes the view of the dragon's eye. He watches in awe as the witchkin warships start taking damage. One of them explodes in a brilliant flash. 
Dagger! Their shields are no longer working! Let's go help!
Yes! Dagger cries out happily.
Dagger performs a barrel roll then flings himself toward the breaking up witchkin fleet. Picking a warship near the rear of the group, Dagger sweeps around it's aft. Keep firing, Tyler! Dagger orders.
Yes sir! Tyler says with a salute.
Dagger accelerates, intent on performing the Cutting Edge maneuver. The witchkin may have grabbed much of the biosynth technology, but they had not been able to replicate the hull design. Dagger smashes through the hull as it were made of paper and proceeds to fly down the length of the interior of the ship. Behind him Tyler wreaks havoc with the rear particle canon, cutting into bulkheads and controls randomly. Half way through the ships interior, Tyler cuts a critical reactor component. Breach alarms start to sound, but many are unable to deal with anything as Dagger continues his passage through bulkheads and ripping compartments open to space. 
Dagger rips through the length of the witchkin bridge and out through the transparent bulkheads. Most of the bridge personnel that were not crushed by Dagger are sucked out into space.
Tyler looks aft through the dragon's eye and sees the vessel they just passed through, explosions running up and down the length of it's spine, with air and bodies spewing out the hole in it's bow. It begins a slow spin, and drift away from the battle. Moments latter a bright flash engulfs the entire ship as the reactor goes critical. In unison, Tyler and Dagger both cheer.

*****
Both Warrior and Lance are spinning through space a great distance from the battle that has turned the corner rather quickly following the loss of the witchkin shields. A new debris field of witchkin warships is starting to form as their ships break up and explode under the constant fire of TDF and biosynth ships. Two witchkin warships leave the battle and park near Solendria's spherical jumpship, the point of surrender for any vessel wishing to stay out of the fight. However many of the witchkin, despite the loss of their powers and convinced Solendrias cause is worth their lives, push on even though the odds have suddenly turned against them. Without their powers the lack of military discipline and battle skills are far more apparent.
Two witchkin warships, panicking under fire, mistakenly turn toward each other. Without shields both poorly constructed vessels tear each other apart dramatically, their reactor cores breaching and exploding violently. Meanwhile despite having possession of advanced stolen biosynth weaponry, which has the ability to rip through the TDF armor with ease, the witchkin pulse cannons and particle beams are harmlessly missing their targets. The well-trained and disciplined TDF fleet has little difficulty targeting the witchkin warships as explosive slugs and missiles devastate their very weak hulls.
Arrow, Javelin and Dagger, glide into a V formation. Together they soar into the heart of the witchkin fleet. They target a vessel, which is actually showing a bit of skill in delivering its attacks, having destroyed a TDF Corvette. The three vessels of the Biosynth Fleet open fire, their pulse shields blazing from incoming particle cannon beams. A devastating mixed pulse and particle cannon volley slices the witchkin warship down the middle creating a series of explosion that travels up the vessel's spine, followed by a bright flash and violent explosion sending debris in all directions.
Lance's dragon body is contorted and twisted in agony and his screams can be heard over random communications channels. Lance was practically on top of Warrior when the anti-magic signal was broadcast. Getting a high dose of the signal severely compounded Lance's already splitting headache and the severe pain in his many joints.
On Warrior's CIC, many are picking themselves off the deck once again.  Many holoterminals are flickering and some stations are sparking. The smell of ozone is thick in the air. 
Maya opens her eyes and looks around. Disoriented at first, she realizes she is no longer connected to Warrior and breathes a sigh of relief. She feels deeply tired and her first instinct is to close her eyes and sleep. Then she wonders where her mother is and her eyes snap open. She looks around and only then recognizes the damage to the CIC. 
A medical team runs in through the main hatchway to go to work on a fallen officer. The other officers return to their jobs, restoring Warrior's systems.
Momma? Maya sends out the thought. 
Maya? Can you hear me? Aria says with surprise in her mind.
Yes, I can hear you, where are you? Maya asks.
How can you be talking to me, all our powers are gone. I set off the torpedo, I can't even light a cigarette without a match. Aria laments with confusion.
Maya tries to gather her will but realizes nothing is happening. Momma, our channel, maybe it isn't magic, not witchkin magic anyway.  Maybe it is just something special our family can do.
Lets bring in your father, Aria suggests.
Daddy? Maya calls out with her mind.
Are you two okay? Jason asks. Both hear Jasons voice.
Yes. Aria and Maya respond in unison.
Good, I was worried, Jason replies. I am stuck on the jumpship but the ship has surrendered. The witchkin are mostly on the run, but a few holdouts are moments from the end.
Jason, the torpedo worked, but we can still talk with our minds, Aria says with astonishment.
I don't think anything can close our channel, it's too strong, Jason replies.
This is very touching but we have a situation, Warrior states, adding her voice to the family conversation taking place in an undetectable part of their reality, but heard clearly in the minds of all involved.
Warrior? Aria asks with compounded astonishment.
Your daughter was connected to me for a long time, seems your Channel is open to me now too, Warrior states. Lance is still a threat. He is likely recovering much as I am. Most of my systems are rebooting and I think I can maneuver, but Lance is not far away.
Warrior, I'm on my way back to CIC, Aria states.
Warrior, I wish I was there...just kick his ass and keep him away from the TDF fleet, he can do a lot of damage, Jason advises.
His time is at an end captain, Warrior assures him. It is time to put my brothers and sisters to rest.

*****
Lance reorients himself and looks about. His entire body is filled with immense pain. Stretching his wings he sees Warrior, still in a spin but slowly working herself back into control. Glancing up he sees the Witchkin Fleet breaking up under the heavy fire of Fearless and the smaller vessels. 
Lance growls in his mind and brings up his biosynth weapons while activating his pulse shield. Flapping his wings he soars away, heading straight for the Juggernaut, closing the distance at a surprising speed. Lance unleashes a volley of pulse cannon fire and particle beams into the unprotected hull of the great ship, causing a series of violent explosions along the port side. Lance opens his mouth and fires his main cannon, a high-energy pulse cannon. The blue beam strikes the juggernaut and a bright explosion flares from her midsection. The huge vessel is blown out of position by this single blast, clearly heavy damage is done as continued explosions is causing debris and air to be hemorrhaged into space. 
Several turrets and batteries change their firing solutions. Slugs and missiles explode off Lance's pulse shield harmlessly. 
Lance performs a barrel roll and dives. Below him is the biosynth cavalier, Javelin. Lance flies to it, extends his claws and lands on its surface. It opens its jaws and bites into the hull its teeth puncturing the hard metal plating. Geysers of air shoot out into space as Lance creates a breach.
Suddenly, Warrior flies directly into him, knocking him off the top of Javelin, both dragons spinning away toward Earth. Quickly the two dragons reorient themselves and regain attitude control. With their wings outstretched they face each other. The communication that occurs between them is heard on all open channels.
Lance! Stand down! The battle is over! The witchkin fleet has failed! Warrior states.
You sound so serious, girlfriend, Lance says with a quivering voice. Is it hot in here or what?
Lance, you are not synchronized with your biotechs, you can't fight me and win, Warrior warns.
Look at the damage I just did and their weapons can't even touch me. You turned off our magic, so what? I can kick some serious booty and you know it, sweet thang. Besides, what does my future look like now? I knowI can open up a Just for Dragons leather shop  what do you think? Lance asks sarcastically. He delivers his trademark insane giggle.
Are we negotiating here? Something tells me you have already decided what you are going to do, Warrior replies.
Yes I know just what to do. First I'm going to rip you to shreds, tear open your body and fish out those nasty little apes inside and crush them one by one. Then I am going to finish what Solendria started and destroy every terran ship in orbit. Then I'm going to fly down to Earth and just kill and kill and kill until I am covered in human blood. How does that sound for a plan?
You sound like a being made of pure hatred, Warrior says sadly.
I was beautiful once. I had a perfect life once. Now...I'm a monster, Lance declares. I don't care if I live or die, but if I live I plan to make as many humans as miserable as I can. 
Lance suddenly snaps his tail and fires three spawn directly into Warriors face. 
The pulse shield takes most of the damage but the force sends Warrior into another uncontrolled spin. 
Lance opens his mouth and prepares to fire his main cannon when out of nowhere Dagger dives between both dragons, a stream of particle energy slides down Lance's chest burning into his scales and leaving a long gash. 
DamnshieldLance is heard cursing over the channel. The familiar pulse of energy erupts from his body as he reactivates his shield. He then twists his neck angrily and soars away to chase after Dagger who dives towards Earth's atmosphere.
Catch me if you can, Dagger offers playfully.
Lance continues to struggle with his pulse shield. It activates only to fail moments later. I'm going to catch you in my teeth and crush you, Toothpick! Lance promises. Lance pours on more speed and quickly gains on the small dragonet.
My name is Dagger! he screams back.
Lance growls and sends a volley of pulse cannon energy towards him.
Dagger performs a barrel roll and avoids getting hit.
Tyler, using the controls to aim Dagger's tail, fires particle beams at Lance but the larger Dragon somehow continues to avoid his fire while gaining the distance quickly. 
Lance fires a volley of pulse energy into Dagger's tail. The resulting explosion rocks Dagger's gravity compensator and sends Tyler to the deck. Lance moves in, opening his jaws wide, while sliding into position to chomp down on the comparatively much smaller dragonet.  
From behind, Warrior, her claws out, impacts Lance at high speed and both dragons again spin away, claws, tails and teeth snapping and striking at each other as they enter Earth's atmosphere. The two dragons begin a long fall. 
Dagger slows to a stop and watches in awe, as both fighting dragons become a burning streak of light descending toward the planet's surface. Dagger swoops about and flies back toward the battlefield where the last volley of what history will call The Battle of Earth is being fired.

*****

In the CIC, alarms are screaming, anybody who isn't seated is pinned to the deck plates. Aria looks up at the energy control station where an inexperienced and frightened biosynth officer stares wide eyed at the streams of data scrolling before his eyes. Adjust gravity compensation! Now! Aria screams to him, her voice slightly nasally due to her damaged nose. 
The officer glances at Aria, nods and then makes some adjustments.
Suddenly the gravity equalizes and everyone is able to get back into their chairs. 
Aria climbs back into the command chair. She glances back at Maya who is safely strapped in her chair. Aria looks out the dragon's eye and gasps. She sees flames from re-entry, Lance's big bulk and Warrior clawing at his belly, beyond is a rapidly approaching golden surface.
Warrior! Hit the brakes! Aria screams. She taps her CU. All hands brace for impact! her voice orders over all the speakers around the ship.

*****
An amajagh is travelling across the desert with his scarf about his mouth and nose and with a cloth hood about his head so that only his eyes are visible. Before him lies what would seem to be an endless expanse of sand dunes, but to his eyes he sees the way home. Having made the journey many times he does so without much thought, as it has been for his people for countless centuries. 
He stops for a moment and cocks his head as he hears an unusual sound in the air. Having lived in the desert his entire life, such a sound is indeed unusual to his keen ears. He finds it difficult to pinpoint the source, as it seems to be coming from all directions. Suddenly his intuition draws his eyes up. His eyes widen with awe and amazement at the glorious spectacle of sparking lights shrieking across the sky. A trail of black smoke follows. Suddenly the object breaks into two pieces. 
The larger of the two pieces seems to increase in speed and the traveller is suddenly aware that it will hit the ground very close to where he stands. Instinctively he huddles and covers his head. 
The shriek becomes a thunderous roar as the larger object suddenly hits the sand at high velocity. A huge pillar of smoke erupts from the surface of the desert. Sand and other debris rise up and away from the point of impact. 
The traveller looks up to see the second object is now floating to the desert floor on huge outstretched wings, the surface of it's body glowing red. It touches down on four legs and releases an ear-piercing trumpet that echoes among the sand dunes. The traveller shakes his head in disbelief, reaches into his robes to extract a small liquor bottle. He pulls his scarf down and drinks deeply.

*****
Lance scratches and swims up out of the sand crater. He raises his head toward the sky and releases a thunderous scream before leaping up and flapping his great wings to get up on top of the sand, having had embedded himself deeply. He shakes himself like a huge dog, flinging sand in all direction. He then looks over at Warrior who stands watching from nearby. 
Shit! I'm going to be shaking sand out of the crack of my ass for weeks now, Lance jokes while laughing flamboyantly. Don't you just hate that?
Warrior lowers her neck and growls. You will find my sense of humor strained at the moment, Warrior declares.
You need to lighten up, girlfriend, Lance advises. Here, let me help. He snaps open his jaws and releases a powerful blast at Warrior. In the atmosphere, the weapon sizzles and makes a deep earth shuddering crack that knocks the only human observer, an amajagh traveller a few miles away, onto his back.
Warrior leaps away from the blast and clears the distance between them in seconds, landing on Lance's back and forcing him onto the sand. 
Warrior digs her reinforced claws into Lance's scales and sinks her reinforced teeth into the back of Lance's neck. Lance cries out in pain. Swinging his body about and slapping his tail, Lance throws Warrior aside into a heap several hundred meters away. 
Kitty got claws, Lance jokes. He reproduces a screeching spitting fighting kitty sound while scraping the air in front of him with his right hand.
Warrior rolls back onto her feet and sends a volley of pulse cannon fire directly into Lance's chest sending him rolling end over end into the sand dunes.
Lance cries and gasps upon impact. While trying to get back up he is forced back into the sand when Warrior lands on his back. 
Warrior, snarling, sinks her teeth into the back of his neck, puncturing his scales. Warrior pulls back and tears several scales away from their loose fittings to revealing the softer hull beneath them. Warrior rears back her head and prepares to fire pulse cannons when Lance swings his huge tails about and knocks Warrior off of him, making her tumble into the sand. 
Lance, with surprising deftness, stands up and snaps his tail into Warrior's head, several times, then delivers an electromagnetic shock directly to her horns, using a device hidden in the sharp tip. 
Warrior's pupils roll back into her head and she crumbles to the sand.

*****
The lights of CIC go dim, and then fail completely. There is a lurch as everyone grabs their consoles or chairs; the crew is getting better at anticipating the leaks in the gravity compensation field. 
Aria looks up at the systems control specialist who glances at his data stream. After a couple seconds the specialist looks back at the commander and shakes her head, her eyes wide with worry.
Damn it! Aria curses, Warrior is down! Go to manual! Helm take over for Warrior! Weapons, execute defensive maneuvers, Aria orders briskly.
The CIC crew jumps to work, calling to each other and speaking over their CU's in an effort to effect manual control of Warrior. With trained precision, the crew works together quickly and flawlessly to reach their goals and save their own lives.
The weapon officer activates special holocontrols that appear at the armrests of his chair. Quickly the biosynth officer dances his fingers over the controls while regarding his holoscreens critically.

*****
	Lance walks around fallen Warrior, giggling like a silly girl. You thought you were so tough. Bet you didn't see that coming did you? Surprisingly Solendria thought it up. She caught the weakness to your cortex while she and her silly eggheads were going through the dragonship engineering. The EM shocker was easy to build too. They attached it to my tail thinking I might be able to hit you with it, they were right for once.
Warrior appears to twitch in the sand.
Time to destroy the great dragonship named Warrior, Lance declares. He stands over her, raises his tail and prepares to snap the sharp point into her skull. 
Nothing happens. 
Lance sneers and then groans as every screaming painful joint in his body betrays him and he is immobilized. 
Not now, Lance curses. Gritting his teeth, he concentrates on regaining control of his systems when a stab of pain engulfs his head and he cries out. Finally, his joints begin to loosen and Lance prepares to deliver his deadly blow.
Suddenly, Warrior's tail snaps and cracks Lance across the face, sending him flying backwards. Warrior struggles to her feet, turns and fires a pulse canon volley into Lance's body. One hit punches through his hull where Warrior had torn the scales away at his neck. Air and fluids shoot out the hole like a geyser as Lance screams. 
Lance swings his tail about, but Warrior leaps up and out of the way. 
Gliding over Lance, Warrior slaps her tail across the top of his horns painfully. As Warrior lands, she blinks her eyes, the pupils returning to their normal place. Warrior growls then releases a sharp angry trumpet. 
Nice try, Warrior growls.
Lance reaches up, holding his clawed hand to his damaged neck. He looks over at Warrior with furious eyes and releases a loud angry scream. You hear that? Sounds like a fat lady singing, Lance declares, snapping his massive jaws menacingly.
I was thinking the same thing, Warrior replies.
The two dragons circle each other, growling and snapping angrily. 
Lance feigns an attack but Warrior ignores it. 
He suddenly switches directions, jumps forward and trumpets. Lance rears back on his hind legs, claws outstretched, and jaws wide. 
Warrior brings back her tail and snaps it at his chest. The reinforcement at the sharp tip buries between his scales, breaks through the hull and smashes through various bulkheads inside. Warrior lifts the dragon up with her tail and flings him. 
Lance flies and tumbles into the sand. Lance now struggles to stand, a look of surprise on his strained biomechanical face. 
Warrior leaps skyward, extends her claws and delivers a combination of Particle Beam and Pulse Cannon fire into the discolored region near his rear legs. It is the same region Lisa Everett pointed out as being a point of weakness where two dragonships were joined together. 
Lance screams as his body shudders. 
Warrior lands on Lance's back. Reaching down she digs her reinforced teeth into his weakened side and pulls. 
Lance screams yet again, his joints seizing and refusing his orders. 
With remarkable ease, Warrior pulls a huge chuck of scale and hull away.
The interior of the witchkin dragonship is now on display and dark green fluids pour from of the huge gash. 
Warrior takes another bite and pulls up. 
The weak connection of Lance's spine is the result of trying to fuse two distinctly different dragonships together; it comes apart and causes a terrible cascading disintegration of the lower part of his body. Lance regains control of his biotechs and makes the mistake of trying to get away. He instead pulls the front half of his body away from the dying rear part. Lances rear legs shudder and twitch as Lance's front torso rolls away from them. He drags himself up and looks behind to see that his body has been cut in half. The pain hits him and Lance screams in torment as fluids gush and broken power conduits spark. The reactor core located in his chest is now completely exposed from his open torso.
Warrior walks to Lance's upper torso and looks down at his pathetic, screaming and twitching form. That's it then, Warrior says sadly.
Look at me. Look what you did, Lance croaks painfully. I was beautiful once.
Warrior peeks down and looking up through the opening in Lances body shoots a single pulse round at the reactor core. 
The reactor flares and begins to hum. 
Warrior leaps up into the air and soars around in a wide circle, gaining altitude quickly. She hovers above the destroyed body of Lance at a safe distance. 
There is a brief flash of white light that fades to a deep green and engulfs the area in a one-mile radius. Warrior and her crew watch as the remains of the former components of the biosynth dragon fleet are vaporized.
Several miles away the amajagh traveller watches in awe and takes another drink. Where the battle took place is a round field of thick glass that sparkles from the sunlight. He looks up to watch the smaller dragon soar up into the sky and out of sight. He stands, and shakes his head. He continues his journey home at a quick pace, anxious to tell his family the amazing story he had just witnessed.

*****
Terran forces storm the bridge of Solendria's jumpship, running up the steps from the deck bellow. They find Jason casually leaning against a support pillar.  His biowarriors are standing or sitting in various locations, also acting very casual. The terran troops take up positions, some even pointing their rifles at them, but the biowarriors seem disinterested and Jason doesn't even look up. Two-dozen TDF soldiers in black tactical uniforms and black angry helmets, spread out around the bridge holding their weapons ready. 
Lying at Jason's feet is Gwendolyn, unconscious with her arms and legs hog-tied. Jason reaches to his thigh and fingers the butt of his pistol. 
Red, his back turned to everyone looks up and out the transparent bulkheads as Fearless slides in close to the remains of the surrendered witchkin fleet, four ships in all, including the jumpship.
Heavy boot steps clanking up the steps from the lower deck, precedes the appearance of Captain Beverly Rush, her hair up and wearing her very tight formfitting grey uniform which proudly display the captain's shoulder boards. She grins at the sight of Captain Jason Drake and stands with her arms crossed.  Well, Jason, you certainly had me earning my pay grade today.
Jason glances over at his former first officer and winks. He points down at the body at his feet. This is the last of the witchkin rebel leadership. The brains behind it died on my ship and the rogue dragonship was destroyed. Her name is Gwen, be sure to refer to her as princess, she likes that.
What are we going to do with you, Jason? Beverly asks.
How about thank me? Jason says with a laugh. But I know you can't put that in your official file. I would like a few things from you before we proceed though. First of all, I want all the witchkin officers on the surrendered ships; they should be delivered to Warrior immediately. Secondly, I want diplomatic immunity for my ships and crews. The witchkin rebellion is over, the minds behind it are dead and we will handle the justice process ourselves, but you can have princess Gwenny here.
Beverly looks at the sleeping girl on the deck and shakes her head. So, you are giving me this girl and your assurance that this was the work of witchkin rebels, who you will deal with? Beverly asks.
You get a face to blame and one other bonus, Jason states. He raises his eyebrow for emphasis.
Oh, this should be good, Beverly replies with a grin.
The four captured witchkin ships are equipped with biosynth jump drives, shields, particle weapons and pulse emitters. TDF would advance their technology three hundred years in just ten, Jason says.
I thought you didn't want us to have that technology, Jason, Beverly says skeptically.
I never thought you would need it. We lost a lot ships and people today. I only have one caveat, Jason states, narrowing his eyes at her.
What is that? Beverly asks.
If the TDF ever becomes aggressive, anywhere and I won't care what reason you give, you will have to deal with me and my fleet, Jason warns.
Beverly frowns, looks to her boots then glances back up at her former Captain, pursing her lips. You need to stay out of TDF space, Beverly warns. You or your ships jump in, it will be considered a hostile act of war.
Jason winks. Spoken like a true Admiral, Beverly Rush.
Beverly blushes. Sounds like we have a deal. I'll even mention the biosynths lent a hand but buggered off before we could apprehend you. I can't let it look like we let a notorious criminal just walk away after all, Beverly states.
I doubt you will hear from us or the witchkin again. Oh, and one more thing, Jason says. He brings a document into his HUD and sends it to Beverlys terminal past the TDF firewalls. I just sent you a document, it gives you details of the exact frequency you need to broadcast to keep Gwen from using any of her witchkin magic. She is going to be out for a while, but once she wakes up, you will want her to be surrounded by this frequency.
So that's the secret, Beverly replies. She pulls a set of glasses out of her back pocket and places them over her eyes. She activates the internal screen and pulls her mail. Jason, you will have to share how you can get past all our security protocols.
You don't get all our secrets. Once again, you use what I just gave you to harm the witchkin in anyway...
I understand Jason. We appreciate you giving us the ability to defend ourselves, Beverly states. She will likely go straight to cryo-prison, but we will keep the frequency going even when she is frozen, just in case.
For the record, we didn't know if the frequency would work, Jason replies.
The TDF brass will be shuttling up from Earth in about an hour. I told them we were still mopping up, so they aren't too anxious to enter the battle zone. I am thinking you and your ships best be on their way before they get here, Beverly explains.
My usual means of getting back to my ship has been temporarily rendered inert. Think my boys and I could catch a ride to my ship? Jason asks.
Beverly laughs. She whistles and circles her finger in the air then points at the princess on the deck. 
Four men run up to collect her, roughly. Beverly looks to Jason and gives him a hand signal to follow. 
Jason makes his own hand signal and his biowarriors fall in behind him. Red slowly turns and takes the rear position as they follow Beverly off the bridge.

Chapter Nineteen

Above Calliope a sparking jump portal appears. From Refuge Station, those few witchkin left to run operations look on with great anticipation. Expecting to see Solendria's jumpship, it is with great disappointment that Warrior, Dagger, Javelin and Arrow glide through the opening. 
Without hesitation, Warrior launches a quickly constructed anti-magic torpedo at the station and moments later a general surrender is broadcast on all channels. 
Javelin and Arrow glide to the station to dock and release squads of biowarriors to secure it. Meanwhile, Dagger and Warrior proceed to the surface of Calliope.
Upon seeing the biosynth dragons touching down at the coliseum, many witchkin flee back to the mines. 
Aria, Jason and three squads of biowarriors disembark Warrior, walk into the coliseum and wait. It takes sometime, but eventually curious witchkin come out from hiding and begin to silently enter the coliseum and find seats. 
Word travels quickly of Warrior's ability to nullify magic abilities so it is no surprise that nobody attempts to do anything with magic. Aria and Jason relax and wait at the podium, saying nothing, but simply watching the coliseum fill with refugees. 
The mood is somber and few words are spoken between anyone.
When Aria is satisfied that a large majority of witchkin survivors have arrived to hear what she has to say, she stands at the podium. Bringing her will to bear, she throws out her voice to the spectators for all to hear. 
Firstly, let us continue our silence for a few more moments, in memory of the many witchkin who died this day, Aria announces sadly.   
Many in the coliseum bow their heads and many more have tears in their eyes.  
After many minutes Aria speaks again, Now, let us continue our silence for an even lengthier time for the many, many humans who were MURDERED TODAY! Aria screams furiously.  
There are some protests in the crowd, but Aria's anger seems to keep the majority of voices at bay.  
Aria scans the crowd with furious eyes. She takes her time to look at every eye that looks back at her. It takes a very long time. Finally, she speaks again and when she does it is with a deep, cold voice. 
My witchkin friends, I stand before you in shame. Never could I have believed any of my people were even capable of what I have seen them do today. Aria turns and points to the dead world of Irridani hanging in the sky. For centuries we lived in peace on our world, we attuned ourselves to the energy of the universe and we were awarded a precious gift. In less than two years, we have squandered that gift and dishonored the memory of everyone who died there!
Believe me when I tell you, I was elated to hear that so many of my brothers and sisters survived the vicious attack on our world, but that joy was tainted by the horror of knowing what our people had become. Aria pauses, listening to the crowd murmur.  
Solendria told you many things, most of them lies. She used you. She preyed on your fears and your frustrations to create anger and hatred in your hearts. Worst of all, our sacred gift was used with aggression against innocent lives.  
Just as you all condemned all of humanity for the crimes of just a handful of people, so should we all live by the same strict judgment of the actions of Solendria and her supposed royal family. Nobody on this moon is innocent!   Aria declares furiously. Aria pauses, and again scans the crowd.  
Many eyes are now facing the ground and many more are in tears. 
I am going to give you all a choice, something Solendria had never and would never have done. I am going to leave with the biosynth fleet that is immediately departing on a mission to find the witchkin a new home world. A place where we can all heal and re-learn what it means to be witchkin. We were never meant to be rulers or warriors. We were meant to be teachers and healers.
I will return with transports to take you to the world that we find. When I return there will be a vote and you will vote with your feet. You may choose to board my transports to go to our new home world, which you will share with biosynths and humans. Most importantly we will once again become a beacon of peacenot fearnot war.  
If you step upon my transport and choose to join me on our new home world, you will be making a sacred oath to keep your will at bay and to never bring it bear, except under some very specific circumstances, which we will outline. Until we learn to live harmoniously once again with our universe, we do not deserve our gift. If you cannot do this, you should stay here, on Calliope. I will give you until my return to decide.  
For those of you still seething for justice, I invite you all to consult the information database where I have uploaded specific files in regard to who was responsible for the destruction of our home world, the efforts made to bring them to justice and the final fate of everyone involved. This is vital information that your empress kept from you.
I expect to return in a few months. When the transports land, you may choose to board them and join us to live in peace with our friends and allies or you may choose to remain here to stare at the graveyard of our old world and to seethe and wallow in pain. The choice will be yours. 
Aria steps down from the podium and walks quickly toward the exit, with Jason and his biowarriors following. 
Nobody exits the coliseum for sometime, not even after Warrior and Dagger take wing and soar into the sky.
In orbit, Arrow and Javelin are hovering just above Irridani's tainted atmosphere. Below them, three large oval shaped transport ships have opened their outer hatchways and flying out of them are Solendria's version of the biowarrior. Hitting the atmosphere they become streaks of light raining down onto the radioactive planet's surface. The transports had been waiting for a signal to jump to Earth and begin an assault on her cities, but the signal, thankfully never came.
From her captain's nest, Valerie watches the operation, a holoscreen showing the biowarrior population for each transport. She taps her CU,
Commander Encino to Captain Drake, she says stiffly.
Captain Drake, go. Jason responds softly.
Sir, having given the choice, Solendria's biowarriors collectively chose exile to the Irridani surface, sir, Valerie explains.
Very well, Commander. Probably for the best, Jason replies.
Not many will survive the atmospheric jump and those that do will eventually succumb to the radiation as they are very poorly built, Valerie adds.
Like I said, probably for the best, Jason says.
Encino out, Valerie states, taping her CU again. Glancing at her holoscreen she sees the operation is complete and that all biowarriors have departed. She selects a channel on her holoterminal. This is Commander Encino, we have linked with the helm of all witchkin transports, prepare a portal to Sanctuary and standby to execute. 

*****
Red leads a somber procession of four biowarriors carrying the metal coffin containing Doctor Everett. They gingerly place the black coffin on one of seven drop hatches located on the deck of the biowarrior drop bay. 
Gathered around the room in a circle is Jason, Aria, Maya and as many of the crew as could be mustered without significantly jeopardizing ship operations.
Aria is wearing a special mask that covers her nose. 
Doctor Dresden leads another procession of six men and women dressed in lab coats, carrying the metal coffin of Doctor Hartman. They have a bit more trouble with the heavy coffin than the biowarriors had with theirs, but they also gingerly lower the coffin onto another of the seven drop hatches on the deck. 
The biowarriors take their place with their shipmates. 
Dresden and his staff take their place as well. All heads lower, including those of the biowarriors and silence fills the drop bay.
Attention on deck! Jason suddenly shouts loudly with authority.
Everyone in the room snaps to attention: arms slapping to sides, feet stomping together in unison.
First Lieutenant, Lisa Dawn Everett, Biotechs Specialist, to drop station! Jason orders sharply.
Red steps forward formally, snapping his feet together and saluting stiffly.
Sir, First Lieutenant Everett is secure for drop, Red reports proudly yet with a slightly sad catch to his mechanical voice.
Commander Hartman R34-F, Chief Medical Officer, to drop station! Jason orders.
Doctor Dresden steps forward, he stiffens his back but he cannot salute as his arm is in a sling. Sir, Doctor Hartman is ready for his drop, he says sadly.
Very well! Company, Jason steps forward, Drop team departing!
In unison, Jason and everyone in the room delivers a stiff salute. The biowarriors in the room all raise their arms; giving Lisa the unique salute they reserved only for her, for the last time.
Clear the deck! Jason shouts.
In single file, the drop bay empties of personnel until all that is left is Red and Captain Drake. 
Jason turns on his heel to face Red whose eyes are light blue. Sergeant, you have the deck! Drop on your mark.
Sir! Red intones sharply, delivering a stiff salute.
Send them home, Sergeant, Jason orders stiffly. Jason turns and marches professionally from the room. The hatchway closes and seals behind the captain. 
Red steps up to Lisa's coffin. He places his large metal hand on the smooth metal surface and leaves it for a long moment, remaining perfectly still. His eyes go dark for a moment then they flash red for a moment longer then return to light blue. 
He steps away from the coffin and moves back against the wall. His heavy boots make a distinctive click sound as magnetic coils in the sole activate.
Drop Bay to pilot, drop on my mark, Red states.
Drop Bay, ready. Warrior replies sadly.
Mark! Red shouts.
With a loud hiss, all seven panels suddenly open. The coffins are sucked into space along with all the air.
Both coffins fall out of Warrior's belly and the dragon drifts slowly away.  The darkness of deep space takes them.

*****
Doctor Dresden, his arm wrapped in a black casing and placed in a sling, stands on Warrior's observation deck looking out through the transparent bulkheads. Ahead, Sanctuary sits in the shadows growing larger as Warrior draws closer. 
The hatchway to the deck slides open and Aria, her face still covered by a medical mask, steps into the room with Maya close behind her. 
The doctor looks behind himself and offers a weak smile.
Doctor, how are you feeling? Aria asks her voice sounding slightly mechanical due to the mask.
The doctor looks at his arm and shrugs, it is a little sore, but the mender should be done in an hour or so.
She wasn't talking about that, Maya says.
Dresden again smiles weakly, Doctor Hartman and Doctor Everett...we were a team.
Yes, you were, and you worked great together. We are all going to miss them so very much, Aria states sadly. She places her hand on the elderly doctor's shoulder.
Doctor Everett was always so very nice to me, Maya says with a smile.
Doctor Hartman and I would have marathon discussions about biosynthetic integration and the emergence of consciousness. He taught me so much...I don't know if I could possibly even come close to filling his role on Sanctuary, Dresden states with worry. Did you know he was almost two hundred years old?  He brought Warrior out of biosynthetic integration and moved her cortex between the dragon stages. Can a human even do that?
Doctor, you will do great and you will have help. Most of all you will be a fantastic teacher. There are at least a dozen students, human and biosynth ready for you to mentor, Aria assures him.
Maya moves up next to Doctor Dresden and slips her hand into his free hand, which hangs at his side, wrinkled with age. She looks up at him and smiles. 
Everything is going to work out. You wait and see, Maya declares.
Dresden looks down at Maya, his smile warm and genuine.

*****
The great iris door of Dock One slides open and Warrior glides in, her wings outstretched. Once clear, the iris closes, sealing the great cavernous docking bay. There is a sharp hiss and geysers of mist erupt from the deck and the ceiling as the dock is filled with air. 
Warrior cranes her neck up and releases a sharp loud trumpet, announcing her return.

Epilogue

Aria is standing behind and facing away from her large clean oak desk looking out the huge circular windows of her office and down at the construction below her. The skeletons of several tall buildings are rising above newly paved streets and concrete sidewalks. Tall construction towers rising above the skeletal structures are moving building materials. Busy biosynth shuttles zoom about.  Some hover above construction sites while others, carrying material or construction personnel, are landing or taking off near the base of each building. 
The sky above the witchkin colony is a very light blue, the atmosphere being slightly thinner than Earth's. Hanging in the sky is a large red moon that much to their good fortune is loaded with minerals and resources needed to rebuild.
There is an announcement tone from her desk and Aria sighs at the disruption. Yes? Aria asks cheerfully.
My apologies, Chancellor, Admiral Drake and your daughter have arrived, a soft female voice explains.
Aria smiles. Thank you, Miss Torrance, send them in, of course, Aria says. She shakes her head. She turns around in time for the door to her office to open and for Maya to rush in. 
In the year since the battle of Earth, Maya has grown over a foot, her hair is longer and her voice is slightly more mature. Maya flings her arms about her mothers neck and they both happily embrace. 
Jason steps into the room wearing his typical leather jacket and black combat pants; his gun is still strapped to his thigh. He is still bald and his flesh is still stained blue from his biosynth augmentation. 
Aria looks up at her husband and grins. Jason joins his family and all three share a big hug.  
So glad you are both home, Aria states happily as she runs her hands down the backs of both Maya and her tall muscular husband.
We are all done at Sanctuary, the last transport left and we blew the thing, Jason reports sadly.
Sorry Jason, I know that was home for you for a long time, Aria replies with concern.
Not anymore, Beltane is home now. Many of the biosynths have been saying the same thing. We found a beautiful place to settle. Besides, I still work in space, Jason states happily.
Yes but the view is so much nicer, Maya says. His office looks down at Beltane and every six hours he glances down here when the orbit brings the station around.
Aria smiles. That's sweet. Is the station complete then?
The last of the construction crews left yesterday; we are fully functional with all twenty docking bays occupied, Jason replies proudly.
I can't wait to see for myself, Aria says with excitement.
Did you forget? Maya asks with a curious grin.
Of course she did, Jason says with a laugh.
Aria frowns trying to remember. Suddenly her eyes widen and her jaw drops. The ceremony! Aria exclaims in horror. I did forget!
Told you so, Jason says casually, holding his hand out to Maya.
Maya gives her father a pained look. I will have to pay you when we get home later, Maya whispers with annoyance.
Aria looks at the clock on her wall. Why didn't you message me?  No way we can fly...
I think this qualifies as an emergency, chancellor, Jason suggests.
Aria raises her eyebrow, I shouldn't be doing that. I need to set an example.
I really don't think anyone expects you, the Chancellor of Beltane, to completely restrict yourself all the time. Besides, you can take us up to Daddy's office. Nobody will notice and anyone that does will just assume that you flew up, Maya says. But we need to go, right now.
Fine, but give me a hand, Maya. I'm out of practice, Aria states with a guilty smile.
Maya laughs and takes her mother's hand. 
Jason closes his eyes and braces himself for the inevitable roaring sound and bright light. His head gives way to the momentary pain as he feels the smooth lifting of his body and sudden rush as he is thrown through space and time. As the familiar feeling subsides, he opens his eyes to the familiar view of his very messy desk. Behind him, his transparent bulkheads look out at the surface of Beltane, a beautiful green world with calm cloud formations.
Aria looks at Jason's desk critically then glances at Jason with a raised eyebrow.
Jason shrugs. This way, he says. He walks around a tipped over garbage can and leads his family through the door out of his office and into the main hall. 
There are many biosynth and human personnel moving about, wearing the new Beltane Defense Force uniforms, gold and blue in color with dragon emblems on each shoulder. The admiral is given stiff salutes from everyone who notices him. He leads his family down a wide corridor. The metal deck is carpeted and so the footfalls are not as noisy as they had been on Sanctuary. The corridor is also very bright and is decorated with various forms of artwork. They pass one piece that depicts the final battle of Warrior and Lance at the Sahara Desert on Earth.  
Approaching the door to the Grand Gallery, the door slides into the wall and as Jason and his family walk in they are greeted with thunderous applause. The Grand Gallery is an amphitheater and the door they enter brings them to the main floor where a podium has been placed. Seated in the many raised seats are many invited officers and crew. Behind the podium are huge flat view screens that at this time look out into space, with just a hint of the red moon, Gantry, showing to one side. 
Jason and his family walk to the podium. Aria and Maya both wave to the crowd. Many have stood and continue to clap even as Jason stands at the podium, ready to speak. Finally after a minute or so, the observers begin to cease their clapping and cheering to settle and sit in their chairs.
BDF Officers and crew, you are invited here today to share in a very special occasion. Today one of your dragonships is to be dedicated to full active duty. We all know him so very well as he is already a decorated combat hero. So with much pride I present to you dragonship, Dagger!  Jason turns and points to the view screen. 
Dagger, his adult body completed, rises into view. He is twice the size of Warrior and his dark black scales give him a fierce appearance. On his head he has four sharp horns, distinctive from the typical two. 
The crowd once again comes to their feet to clap and cheer. 
Around Dagger, four adolescent dragonets suddenly appear, swooping around the older larger dragon. They form up above Dagger and release harmless fireworks above him.
Thank you, Admiral Drake, Dagger replies happily with a deep bellowing voice. It is with great pride that I join BDF fleet. I dedicate my service to protecting the people of Beltane.
The crowd cheers their approval.  
Aria glances up at the screens behind her and then leans in to whisper in Maya's ear, next year we will have four more dedication ceremonies.
Maya smiles and nods in agreement.
Officers and crew I present you the Commanding Officer of BDFS Dagger, Captain Valerie Encino, Jason announces proudly.
Valerie, dressed in her newest and most flattering uniform to date, proudly and confidently walks out onto the floor to more applause and cheers. She waves and smiles happily. She takes her place next to her Admiral, giving him a shy smile.
Officers and crew, the Chancellor of Beltane, Jason declares. Clapping, Jason steps aside and away from the podium.
Aria has to wait a full two minutes before the crowd stops clapping and cheering her name. She is reminded of a time long ago when throngs of people called out her name, waiting to see her dance. It is a new if not less complicated dance that she now performs daily.  
Brave officers of the BDF. I am very proud of your important work. I am very pleased with our progress over the last year. Our home, as you know, is not just a witchkin home. We are all so very proud to join with our human and biosynth friends to make this world together. 
Beltane is the dream at the end of a nightmare. It is our way of healing the wounds of the past to build a brand new future, and you are the vanguard of that future. I thank you, and the people of Beltane, thank you. Aria begins to clap her hands. 
Maya and Jason quickly join in. 
For you, brave members of the Fleet! Honor yourselves! Aria declares. 
The room erupts in cheers and clapping as everyone stands. Over the speakers, Dagger releases a loud trumpet. On the view screen, Warrior glides into view, proudly settling in next to the much larger Dagger. From above six Biosynth cavaliers also lower themselves into view. The screen is suddenly filled with fireworks.
*****
Red looks out the transparent bulkheads at the stars beyond. His slight reflection on the glassy surface reveals his shiny new red armor. His eyes shine light blue. He holds his arms stiffly at his sides. The room he occupies is very small, little more than a closet. It is all he requires. 
A tone in Reds mind signals an incoming transmission. Red activates his HUD and scrolls to the appropriate menu.
Sergeant, Admiral Drake states on Reds private channel.
Yes sir? Red replies with surprise.
We just received a very interesting transmission, Jason announces. It came through the quantum relay.
Red suddenly looks up, his eyes flashing. Doctor Hicks?
Assuming it isnt some kind of trick, Jason replies. He added a large packet of data. Dresden has started dissecting it, but initially it looks like things have gotten much worse in your neck of the woods.
We long believed Hicks mission had failed, Red states with surprise. What does this mean Admiral?
You and Warrior are the last of your squadron, Jason says. But I made a promise to all of you. I am going to honor that promise sergeant.
Sir, Red replies with worry. I dont look forward to returning to Triangulum, but I made a promise as well.
I need you to get your biowarriors ready for war sergeant, Jason states.
Admiral, what we are facing
Ive seen the reports
No! Admiral, with all do respectthe warits nothing you have ever seen or faced, Red states sternly. This is a suicide mission sir.
I think you know me better than that, Jason replies with a laugh.
Red imagines a smirk on his cocky admirals smug face. Sir, I will do my duty sir, he states. I will begin training our troops immediately.
Very good sergeant, the admiral replies. I have an expeditionary force to muster.
The channel goes silent.
Red lowers his gaze. LisaIm sorryI wish you were coming with us, he whispers to himself.

*****
A sparking circular portal appears in space above the Lunar Penal Colony in the Centauri system. Fearless glides through the event horizon. The great juggernaut comes about and four fast attack shuttles launch from one of her starboard docking bays, their bright blue engines flaring. 
As the shuttles speed toward the surface of the dead grey moon they perform an elaborate barrel roll before beginning a fast descent; a maneuver only the most skilled pilots can perform, even with the new biosynth implants on their ships. 
Flying up on the penal colony at high speed the lead ship begins to report back to Fearless.
This is Alpha Team! The dock doors are open and hemorrhaging debris. We are showing emergency power throughout the facility, but have no communication signals. Our team is going to breach the prisoner holding area, the sergeant in charge reports over the channel.
The shuttles hover over the facility for a moment before descending toward the rooftops, their exhausts kicking up swirls of moon dust.
Alpha Team, your objective is to check and report on the status of The Princess. This is the top priority and comes from Admiral Rush herself, Fearless instructs stiffly.
Understood, the sergeant responds.

*****
The entire holding area is dimly lit by blue emergency lights and filled with a stale rotting scent. Cryo-prisoners are lined up in dozens of rows of tall cylinders.  Blinking lights beneath each cylinder displaying the condition of the prisoner frozen inside. 
There is a loud bang from the ceiling followed by a brief moment of silence. A bright flash and four burning circles appear in the ceiling at equal distances. Thick round hull plates drop from the ceiling and one by one TDF soldiers wearing full black tactical gear drop down from the holes, their rifles held ready. They move into firing positions around the cylinders making room for the dozen soldiers that drop down from each hole. One is distinctly decorated, with sergeant stripes.
The sergeant holds his throat microphone and speaks, this is Alpha we have breach. Were moving in on the cryo-cell of The Princess, ASAP.
 The sergeant shoulders his rifle and activates his green laser sight. Quickly he makes a hand signal, circling his fingers in the air. Six soldiers form up behind him as he quickly jogs through the labyrinth of cylinders, following the map he dedicated to memory before leaving the Fearless on his mission. 
The squad arrives at a vault door. The sergeant moves forward while his men take up positions behind him. Laser pointers produce green dots on the metal surface. The sergeant quickly smashes his fist into the glass panel that is imbedded in column next to the vault door. He then reaches his hand through the new opening and grabs the handle he finds inside, yanking it forward. A red spinning light activates above the vault.
This is a high security holding cell. Access is restricted to emergency personnel only. Please state your name and access code, an angry mechanical voice intones.
Sergeant, William Vickers, TDF Fearless. Code is, rush gamma sixteen priority one, Vickers states loudly. The sergeant shoulders his rifle once more and takes aim at the door while stepping back.
Mechanical gears are heard spinning and seconds later the vault door swings open revealing a cryo-cylinder. Sitting on top of the cylinder is the frequency generator used to subdue witchkin magic. A green light flashing on the mechanism indicates that the device is working. 
Vickers steps up and looks at the control panel. Quickly he lifts a protective metal plate and presses a button. The metal shroud surrounding the cylinder slides away revealing a blue frozen liquid material; in the frozen fluid is a clear outline of where a person had once been suspended inside.   
Frantically, the sergeant grabs his throat microphone, Fearless, Fearless, this is Alpha Team, the princess is missing, I say again, the princess is missing!
From behind the squad comes the sound of weapons fire and screaming.
Sergeant Vickers and his team reorient themselves, shoulder their rifles and aim in the direction of the screams and weapons fire.
Move out! the sergeant orders.
Quickly the men race forward.
Nobody sees or hears the shadow that drops down behind them. In the darkness a figure slinks and emerges into the dim light; it is a skinny girl, with wet stringy blond hair, dressed in a blood stained green t-shirt and dirty grey khaki pants. Her skin is deathly pale with thick bluish veins just under her damp flesh. Her wide eyes are full of both terror and hatred, including a distinctive third eye embedded in her forehead that sizzles with an intense shade of red. Her lips are purple and her mouth is agape as if stuck in a horrific scream. With a terrible hiss, her eyes - all of them - suddenly flash bright crimson. 
The screams of Sergeant Vickers and his men can be heard echoing throughout the prisoner holding area.


The End
About the Author
 
Daniel Betts was born in Calgary, Alberta, Canada in 1968, but grew up in a small community in southern British Columbia. He began writing as a child when he would build homemade paperback novels and fill them with exciting stories about hiking, bears or space adventures. As he grew older his love of writing never diminished. As a freelance writer he provided content to magazines and websites. He has also worked as a journalist and editor for community newspapers and a healthy living magazine. 
Open Channel is Daniels first published work of fiction and he is very excited about developing more stories in the Open Channel Saga.

Do you want to know more?

Daniel on Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/7303835.Daniel_Betts  

Visit Daniels website for updates at: http://www.danielbetts.com 
