



HEAVENS CORE

ERIKA LINDSEN

2013 ERIKA LINDSEN
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
THIS IS A WORK OF FICTION CREATED BY THE AUTHORS IMAGINATION. ANY RESEMBLANCE TO ACTUAL PERSONS OF EVENTS IS STRICTLY COINCIDENTAL
NO PART MAY BE COPIED OR RE-CREATED WITHOUT PERMISSION FROM THE AUTHOR.

PUBLISHED BY ESL PUBLISHING
WWW.ERIKABOOKS.WEBS.COM


COVER ART BY TALY OF DEVIANT ART

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS:
I would like to thank my beta reader for picking out the dumb mistakes and typos. She is really awesome. I would also like to thank Taly for doing such awesome cover art. I am in love.
And of course my husband, whom inspires me to never give up my dream.


When lives are decided by the end of the blade, what happens when its forever sheathed?

Ten years ago, aliens made contact with Earth, offering technology and cures for diseases in exchange for water. The world watched as peace was made, seventy billion miles brought together.

But not all felt this union was a good thing. On both alien and human sides, Rebels opposed the treaty and some would do anything to break up this intergalactic bond. Earth had an answer to those who threatened it: the Core, a group of mercenaries that dealt with Rebels by any means necessary.

As a cyborg and member of the Core for three years, Hannibal is good at what he does. But the bodies hes piled up are starting to weigh heavily on his shoulders and he knows what the Core does isnt justice, but murder.

Hannibal escapes the Core headquarters in search of his own peace. While on the run, hes injured but is taken in by a Tez. Problem is, she is beautiful, vivacious, and a Rebel, his sworn enemy. Hannibals training has taught him to kill her on sight. He finds his duties get much harder with each passing day. But if he doesnt do the job, theres a long list of colleagues that will.



1
The horizon, such a beautiful sight. The imaginary border from this world to the next, from yesterday to today. Yesterday to todayI looked down at my hands, still covered in the past days blood.
I killed many, maybe a dozen or so. Theres no use counting. Its my job, what I was made to do. Counting would include numbers and math, which is not a talent of mine. Odd thing, Id used my sword to cut the heads of many Rebels off and I was okay with that. But school? I failed it once and I would not repeat.
The sun came up over the horizon. In my mind I pretended I could feel its warmth touch my skin, easing the goose bumps away. If I tried hard enough, I could feel
Hannibal!
I turned to Manson. He walked the stairs of the balcony, his Lexan armor glimmering in the rising sun. Manson, the man that didnt care. He enjoyed the kill more than anyone. I wondered if thats why he signed us up for every mission. Like a child at Christmas, joy and adrenaline ran through his veins.
He came to stand next to me, arms crossed over his bare chest. His armor covered his arms like sleeves. I glanced over and saw that he cleansed himself from the blood. His medium black hair was brushed back, slick from the water. He smelled of earth, fresh dirt and flowers. A smell all members of the Core used to conceal ourselves when out on a mission.  
Battle meant nothing to him. Like breathing. I wondered if I could ever be like that. My dreams were haunted by faces of humans and aliens alike, faces being pulled apart by my blade. It took so much effort for me to hide it. Eating and drinking became hard, even getting my hardware upgrades were becoming a chore. 
The sun wasnt easing the guilt away either. Why couldnt it wash me clean, melt my sins? I needed to be absolved. Becoming what I was, taking on the mission seemed simple enough. The Core would feed, clothe and train me in ways the military couldnt. But at what cost?
The Core, a small group of militia, had an easy yet difficult job. When the aliens from Lexa arrived on Earth almost a decade ago, humanity went insane. When the aliens promised they wanted peace, to flourish with our kind, most were accepting, on both sides. But there were those, the Rebels, that wished the aliens would die. And there were some on their side, too. Thats when I came. The Core are paid to get rid of those that oppose inner galactic peace. When groups form, when Rebels stand up in the name of segregation, the Core deals with them.
Last night I killed humans. They were heading to a village where aliens were being taught Earth math. They planned to burn down the school and dance in the ashes when the sun came up. Manson was the first in. He used his blade so easily. Menace, evil, all carried by that snicker. 
I glanced down at my hilt, my blade hanging on my back. Touching it, the sword seemed to emanate power like nothing else. In this world things were never outlined. Yet, my blade was God and Satan in one. It was the bringer of truth and death. No, it wasnt. I was. I held it and wielded it without a second thought.
A second thought like I was having now.
Hannibal, why the long face?
I shook my head at Mansons question. 
Still reeling over the death we cause? Why? Laws are laid and people and alien choose to disobey them. We merely put them in their place.
His voice was calm, knowing, like hes telling an infant not to nibble. I should have guessed Manson would have been like that. Things are black and white for him. Not so much for me.
Manson, do you truly believe in what we do?
Of course. The United Nations put these laws out when the aliens showed up. Earths peace has never been greater. No more nuclear threats, no more famine. Countries are blurred into one nation per continent. The aliens love Earth and teach us new each day. They saved millions in Africa from HIV and starvation. The worlds water is so crisp and clear.
I nodded. Yes.
So why, Hannibal, do you doubt?
 I wondered that many times. Earth was at its best. Only basic crime survived since the aliens from Lexa came. Cancer, AIDS, diabetes, all cured from their medicines. And what had we given them? Water. Their star was dying, becoming a brown dwarf of what it used to be. They scanned many galaxies and Earth was their best option for survival. Lexans were caring creatures. They flourished on Antarctica where they could heat water. Not all lived there. About half that came lived on the major continents, wanting to learn Earth ways. 
We still take lives.
Rebels.
I turned to him. His gaze still on the pink and golden sky, I grabbed his arm, Manson, we murder. We slaughtered dozens last night!
He shook his arm free. Youre such a pussy. Maybe you should have grown up before joining the Core. Fuck saving the Rebels. They made their choices. Its our job to hand down punishment from that.
Manson was right. 
He must have known I gave in. He smiled, nodded, and slapped my back. Speaking of pussy, I need some. How about you?
Again, Manson was right. The Core kept women around for us to use at our disposal. Although we were given shots to sterilize our seed, Coremen, like every living being, needed the release. Manson enjoyed taking his. I swore he stopped by the Hotel every day. I used to when I first joined three years ago. It was a good time with no strings and little effort. But lately I didnt want to. I hadnt been there in months. My last time was my twenty-second birthday. Manson would laugh if he knew it had been that long.
I smirked and nodded to him. The devilish smile that crossed his face said it all. He would go, take his time relaxing with a woman or two, and he would forget all that remained of his fighting. I wondered how he could do that. Truth was, I enjoyed a womans touch, but it was empty, a means to feel good at the moment. There wasnt anything to it. No interaction, no love or joy. Just straight sex and wed part ways. I may see her again, maybe not. Point was, was there a point? 
Yes, there was.
I turned, grabbing Manson by his wrist and dragging him along. Being the smart and horny man that he was, he knew exactly where we were going. His pace picked up until he was all but dragging me. As we passed through the dimly lit halls of steel and ceramic, my skin began to tingle. The halls were cold and kept that way in case of a breach. Since I was a cyborg, my temperature receptors had been toned down until my body felt only a constant sixty-eight degrees. Yet I swore I felt the cold metal. I almost believed that part of me was still human. No, it was my nerves. Anxiety and anticipation took a toll on the body, even if it wasnt all organic.
Manson stopped at the door to the Hotel. The black drapes covering the entrance allowed everyone to know what they were getting into without the embarrassment. It reminded me of stories Id heard about erotic novels in the 1980s. Out of sight, out of mind. It wasnt that way for me. I needed this and nothing was going to stop me.
Manson used his key to unlock the door. A woman, I believed the Madam, stood and smiled as we walked in. She took Mansons armor. When it came to me she stopped and glared over my arms. I gazed down, confused by the furrow between her brows. Blood. I was still covered in blood. My mind went blank. I searched for an answer, for an excuse. What could I say? The Hotel was inside the Core. Everything in this one building was for Coremen. Food, housing, medical, and sex was all laid out for us. The Madam knew this. It took her a moment but she recovered. I unbuckled my chest strap that held my sword sheath and knife and handed it to her.
The Madam picked up her phone and called. Two women, both barely adults, came walking out. One took my hand while the other took Mansons. He was led to the back and to the left. I was led to the right. The woman took me inside a room that was dark pink with red accent lights above. The walls were plain, the music low. Violins soothed my ears as I took a seat on a ceramic bench on the opposite side of the room. 
I leaned my head back against the wall, listening as a cello chimed in with the violin. Slow, calm, more of a sleeping melody than music to have sex to. The sound of running water overtook the instruments and I opened my eyes. The woman was bent over a tub, filling a bucket with steaming water. Of course shed cleanse me. I wasnt the first and was far from the last Coreman to come here bloody. She reached above her and took down a towel, my guess terrycloth. I watched as she undid her robe, exposing her bare breasts and stomach. She wore only a small black skirt.
The woman knelt in front of me. I leaned my head back again as the cloth touched my chest. At first I winced as the hot water burned into a deeper cut. When my nerves were replaced, the top layer of skin lost its ability to feel pain. Only when I was cut deeper did I actually feel it. Something about lasting longer in battle if we didnt feel pain. When I was cut deeper, I had to suck it up and bare it until the fight was over.
She moved the cloth down to my abdomen. I glanced down. The woman was really hard at work trying to tease me. She touched me slightly, enough to remove dirt and blood but not enough to arouse me. I leaned my head back again, this time I kept my eyes open. The glow of the red lights seemed familiar. Sure, Id been here before, but the lights reminded me of a stream of blood in the spring. Dancing, flowing, my eyes watched as the ever so dim flicker brought back memories of so many battles. I wondered how many I had been in. A dozen? Five dozen? Probably ten times that.
The woman brushed back hair from my face. She placed feather light kisses to the slide of my neck, her full lips lingering as if to taste the goose bumps surfacing. I diverted my eyes away from her and sighed. When I looked down I was clean, only a glimmer of moisture remaining on my torso. She began fingering through my wavy hair, touching the silver white locks as if she cherished them. Not likely. The Core paid her to pretend.
Pretend. Thats what it all was. Fake.
As her hand slid down my stomach, I stopped her as she reached my belt buckle. She glanced at me, waiting for instructions. Some men liked to keep things interesting and dominate the women. Not me. Not now. I shook my head and stood. She didnt speak. She wouldnt speak. The women were forbidden from talking to us unless we addressed them first. I thanked her and left.
On my way out I grabbed my weapons. Vaguely, I could hear a woman laughing and Mansons muffled voice in the room across the hall. I smiled, rolled my eyes and left. At least one of us was going to enjoy the morning.
After heading out to the balcony, I removed my sword from the sheath strapped to my back. I loved the way the sun hit the metal. Like diamonds glittering under a disco light. The blade was dull in color and covered in blood. Fuck, I knew better. It deserved more respect than that. My sword, Petra Secare, Latin for rock cut, saved my life each time I wielded it. It had strength I could only dream of. No judgment, no hate. It simply did what it was made to do.
I wasnt so lucky. I was made, or enhanced, to kill Rebels, people or alien Lexans, that stood against peace between the two worlds. But why kill them?
I pulled out a cloth and began wiping Petra clean. I smiled as my hand brushed over the sharp grates. I designed my sword and it was my greatest achievement. One side was blunt and thick. I used it to knock out an enemy. The other side, that was impressive. It was cut like a chainsaw, jagged deep spikes. The point was to slice through rock, hence the name Petra Secare. Lexans skin was thick and calloused. The purpose was for warmth but it made it difficult to cut through them. Each one of the Cores swords were designed to slide in with ease. Mansons was long and thin for easy penetration. Mine was ridged so when I pulled it from an enemy, their organs were drug out by the jagged edges. Or I could twist it and do even more damage so the wound couldnt close.
I cut my hand on Petra. Looking at the wound, it was deep. Daydreaming again. I should have known better. But feeling the blood run from my hand was feeling at least.
I glanced up at the sun. What was wrong with me? I knew putting too much thought in to politics would do this. I was a warrior. I had enhancements done to be one. I had to stop thinking too much into it. I needed to be more like Manson.
Cleaning up after yourself?
I turned as Manson came up behind me. He took a seat, leaning his back against the columns of the balcony. He was as relaxed as ever. Sex did that for him, or it may have been the kill. Either way, Manson didnt seem to be as conflicted as I was.
He slapped my leg. The Hotel said you left minutes after getting there. Thats not going to cut it with the ladies.
Nothing happened.
Why not?
I sighed. It just seemsI dont know. Each day gets harder. Why do we do what we do? Why do we kill people because they oppose whats been set as a standard?
Manson shook his head before leaning back. His eyes closed. Relaxed. Hannibal, you  put too much thought into this. Really? In all our time together, you havent figured out why we kill? He stopped and I heard the sound of his exhale. How many diplomats have we saved? Hundreds. Rebels are like terrorists. They dont want change.
They dont want to co-exist.
No, they want the world to go back to how it was at the turn of the millennium. Its 2064, for Christs sake. Lexans have been here for almost a decade. Theyve brought us cures for diseases. Theyve taught us how to make the most of the planet.
Theyve polluted it more. In major cities they dont even see the sun as clearly. I could hear my voice rising. Manson, Im not going to disagree that the aliens from Lexa have been a good thing. But, is it right to kill protestors?
Manson struck my cheek. It didnt sting. My head barely moved with his slap. But what stung was Manson had gotten so angry with me. They are not protestors!
I stood. How many have we killed because theyve set up colonies and have forbid aliens to enter? Is that right?
Segregation is wrong. His voice was calm.
Yes, it is. But shouldnt those people be taught to love Lexans? Shouldnt we allow them freedom to approach this on their terms?
What we do is justice, Manson whispered.
What we do is murder! My voice cracked with anger. I didnt share the views, Lexan or human, of Rebels. Peace was a good thing. Those co-existing had fuller lives, better health and technology was booming. Rebels were forced to live in forests like early American settlers. However, I truly believed what the Core did was murder because of an opinion. Yes, those that took it to physical levels needed to be put in their place, but the military could handle that. Not a special ops group that were expendable.
I sheathed my newly cleaned sword. With one last glance at Manson I grimaced, shook my head and turned.
Where are you going? Manson asked.
Without stopping I yelled, I cut my hand. Plus I should check my cybernetics. Im going to see the Doc.




2
 My nerves shook on my way to Doc. She was quite a character and made no secret that she enjoyed upgrading Coremen. I couldnt count the number of times she hit on me alone. I was used to it, sometimes she even made me smile. Manson hated it. Doc wasnt his type. She was easily in her fifties, although she took care of herself rather well. She always tied her dark brown hair back in a bun. She was a bit overweight, but she carried herself well and was unaffected by it.
I stepped through the threshold of her office. The smell of antiseptic and metal tinged my nose. I exhaled and walked into the white room. Emerald green curtains framed the windows as light poured in. It was getting dark. The sun cast beautiful pink and orange light over the concrete outside. I walked to the window, absorbing the sight before me. Oh, how I wanted to go out there, away from the confines of the Core, feel grass again, and river water. Itd been years since I knew the sensations. I needed that again.
Hannibal, my sweet, I see youve cut yourself, Doc said as she walked in. She wore a bright blue smock and red rimmed glasses. She peered over them, examining me. I began to feel uneasy. No enemy looked at me the way she did. She could truly devour me.
I nodded and sat on the table. The metal beneath me was like ice and I shivered.
Youre not going to go soft, are you? I cant have a stud like you going soft, Doc said with a wink.
No, maam, I answered as she pulled over her machine, a small box about the size shoes were sold in. She unhooked the electrodes from the side. I laid back.
You know the drill, Doc said.
I nodded and exhaled. Doc stuck a needle into my chest. My heartbeat popped up on the monitor. Strong, good beat. What else would I expect? It wasnt the heart I was born with. When I joined the Core, my major and vital organs were replaced with cybernetics. Heart, lungs, liver, ribs, even some bones were exchanged for metal. The only organs they couldnt replace were my brain and stomach. With my brain they couldnt replicate neurons and protons and other shit like that. I didnt understand it. I was given the choice to have my skull metal plated. I chose not to. Manson made the decision to do half his after he was cut and had part of his brain removed. As for the stomach, engineers failed to recreate the breakdown of food and minerals the body needed.
Doc used a small camera to inspect my heart. No holes in the metal, or rust. I winced as the long tube made its way to my lungs. She watched and waited as I breathed. My lungs were coated with liquid metal so they could function. Doc pierced one, sliding in a small needle to check the tab kept inside. Its purpose was to clean my lungs of dirt, smoke, and any infection like pneumonia from getting inside. Not even allergies affected me. I couldnt remember the last time I coughed.
Have any problems? she asked.
Not a one. Just checking that Im healthy, I whispered, afraid to move in case I pulled something loose.
Doc nodded and pushed the hospital bed inside the organ scanning machine. It checked my bones and joints. In the Core, soldiers couldnt deal with cramps or joint problems, so those had been replaced with some kind of silicon latex. It needed changed about once per year. My last one had been done a few months back.
A light, like an office scanner, ran the length of my body multiple times. I hated being in that machine. I didnt think it was fear of closed spaces. I believed it was more about knowing I was a cyborg. I had given up my humanity in the name of peace. A veil of peace. What I did was far from that.
Doc pulled my bed from the machine and waited while the scanner popped up the results. I sat up, looking over her shoulder at the data. Not one piece of information meant anything to me. All math and numbers, science and body scans. It made me feel stupid that I didnt even know the major bones. The mandible was the lower jaw, and of course the skull and ribs. And the femur. Those I had broken on occasion so I knew them. The others, like my forearm, not a clue. But then again, I wasnt paid to know anatomy. I wasnt paid at all. But I was hired to use my sword and that was my true talent.
So, Doc, how does it look?
She turned and smiled. Youre as hot as ever. In perfect shape, especially if you plan to visit the Hotel.
I smirked. I was there earlier.
Her eyes lit up. Doc loved hearing the dirty details. And? How did it go?
I should have told her it was none of her business. The Hotel was strictly private and the women there liked to keep it that way. But Doc was innocent and I knew she wouldnt tell others. I left. It seems pointless.
She slapped her hands down on my knees. Hannibal! How could you? She inhaled. Are you waiting for me?
I wanted to shiver. Some men might have gotten off on hooking up with their doctor, but not me. I shook my head. Just waiting for some kind of relationship, I guess.
She took the cut in my hand and smoothed a clear thick cream over it. I waited as it began to tingle. Within minutes the wound was perfectly healed as if it had never been there.
She backed up and printed off my results. Well, youre not going to find that around here. You know how it goes. No one in, no one out. The Core likes to keep its privacy. If the public knew what we did, there would be an uproar. Peace with the Lexans is vital. We cant afford an intergalactic war.
I knew that and thats why all physical traces of my existence (birth certificate, medical records, schooling) had been erased the day I signed up. My father had his mind wiped clean of all his memories of me. Same protocol went down with each Coreman. Special ops work must be kept a secret. What we did would end in war if the Lexans found out.
Doc came over and removed the tubes and needles from my chest. She handed me a bottle of vitamins, the kind I got each month when I was checked for upgrades. Their purpose was to keep the metal in me from rusting from my bodys fluids. It was also to keep me from getting exhausted during battle. I popped one, chewed it and left. I could feel Docs eyes on me as I did. Opening the door, Manson almost slammed in to me. We exchanged glances. He promised long ago that he would behave himself with her. Manson liked to get her going, make her think he wanted to get physical. It worked every time.
I passed a large picture window on my way down the gray concrete halls. Night had settled and I could make out each star. So beautiful, so full of wonder. I couldnt help but look for the planet Lexa. It was something of five light years away. The Lexans said they could see it. I believed it was more nostalgic hope than anything, but maybe they could. Who was I to judge?
I walked to my bunker underground. I hated where we were forced to stay. No natural light, no moon over our heads during sleep. Why we were put here I didnt know. It almost felt like we were caged animals.
I laid down on my bed, feeling the soft cushion of pillows beneath me. I unhooked my buckle and tossed it to the ground. I took my sheath with Petra inside and rested it against the wall, but still within reach. Yes, I was a bit paranoid. If it helped me sleep at night, I didnt care.
I gazed up at the ceiling I had painted black with tiny white dots to mimic the night sky. I wasnt much of an artist, but it did make me feel closer to the real thing. Freedom. I wanted to be free.
I rolled over and closed my eyes.
Why couldnt I be free?
Why couldnt I leave that place, never look back and find peace outside, in the air, on the ground?
I tried to drift off to sleep, but the idea evolved and I had visions of it.
A plan started to evolve.





3
I couldnt sleep. My mind raced with ideas. Could I speak with the head of the Core? No, she wouldnt understand. Plus, as the motto goes, once youre in you stay. Could I speak toanyone? I wasnt sure. I tossed and turned all night, staring at my black painted ceiling. I wanted to look at the stars, to see if they appeared the same as a free man.
Only one way to find out.
I dressed, snapped my hilt over my chest and placed my knife in the pocket, my dagger on my hip and sheathed my sword. I began breathing deeply. I could do this. I could get myself out.  
I opened the door to my room. Of course the hall was dark, all lights were turned off for the night. I quietly closed the door behind me. A red flicker caught my attention. I looked up at the security camera. That wouldnt do. Pulling out my sword, I cut the lens off. Once it sparked and cracked, I hurried down the hall, taking light steps as I was taught when sneaking up on an enemy. Each time I came to a camera I sliced it in half. I knew the guards would come looking, but it didnt matter. I started this and there was no turning back.
Speaking of which, I turned to a handful of guards. They had daggers aimed for me. I held Petra out in front of me and waved the guards to come. One laughed and darted at me.
As he neared I spun a full circle, cutting off his head. It rolled to the side, blood running down his neck as his body fell limp. I shook my sword to clean his blood off. The next guard came at me. I could tell in his eyes he knew better. He used his dagger in a chopping motion, aiming for my head. I held Petra to protect myself. Our blades clanged in the usually quiet halls. I peeked over his shoulder and saw another coming at me. Holding Petra with one hand, I reached into my chest pocket and pulled out my knife. Holding the blade, I threw it at the man as he ran at me. It hit him in the neck. He pulled it out, blood oozing from his windpipe. He stood for a mere seconds before collapsing on the ground.
The guard I was face to face with was getting the better of me since I had only one hand. He was a man so only one thing to do. I kicked him in his nuts. He grunted and bent over. Since Petra was free I sliced the jagged blade through the mans head. When I ripped it out blood shot from his skull. It covered my arms. I smiled and looked at the three remaining guards. Ones legs shook while the other two armed themselves.
Time to play.
The two came at me at the same time. I swung Petra, cutting one of the guards arms. It took him down for a moment before he came again. The other aimed for my legs. As he tried to connect I jumped over the blade, rolling to the side. I whipped out my dagger as the two slammed together. Both had such strength, such determination, that I could barely hold them. I allowed the one to get close enough so that I could feel his harsh breath on my face. I slammed my head against his. He fell back, grasping his aching skull. The other I kicked at his knee. When he went down I swiped my sword downward, cutting him down to his artificial lungs. His body hit the ground, blood covering the floor and my boots. On my way out I stabbed my sword into the mans scalp I had head butted. When I pulled Petra free, I flung the blood from it. The last man dropped his dagger and ran past me.
Running down the hall, a siren began sounding. I picked up my pace, moving as fast as my legs could carry. At the end of the hall was the exit the Core took when going out on a mission. I was getting close.
Slamming my arms against the door handle, it popped open. I was met with warm night air and a light breeze. I wanted to take a moment to breathe in my freedom, feel what it was like on the other side without a mission tying me down. But I couldnt. There were two Coremen on the outside patrolling. I had to get past them.
Staying in the brush, I was thankful the blood from the guards covered my pale skin. Good camouflage. I watched as the two members of the Core spoke before turning and watching over the gates. One walked away. Great. Only one to go.
As quietly as I could, I moved behind him. He didnt hear me until I was next to him. I covered his mouth with my left hand, using my right to pierce my sword through his stomach. It ground against his cybernetics, but Petra was strong enough to cut through it.  When I pulled it out of him, the jagged blade brought out part of his intestines. A piece of metal came with it, cutting my stomach. I grunted, holding my abdomen. 
The other guard was nowhere in sight. I tore a piece of cloth from the guards pants and wrapped it around my stomach. It hurt and I knew I needed medical attention, but now was not the time. I was almost free.
As I ran through the forest, I heard men yelling my name. I glanced down at my stomach and saw blood leaking through the cloth and running down to my pants. Shit. This was not good.
Hey! Over here.
I turned to the small whisper. A young woman stood, peeking out from behind a tree. She seemedharmless. That was the best word. I glanced around but no one else was there.
I ran to her. She took my hand and led me to a tree, pushing me inside the empty trunk first. She pressed her body close to mine, wrapping her arms around my bare torso. I should have been alarmed, worried, but I wasnt. She felt different than anyone Id ever touched, warm, inviting, and I noticed my arm reaching down to the hollow of her back. She peered up in to my eyes. So dark in the night, yet there was a gleam to them. I brushed a strand of hair away from her face. I couldnt make out much of her features, but her pale skin glowed in the moonlight.
Men ran by the tree and she held her breath, burrowing her face in my chest. I held her close with my sword around her. If anyone were to find us
The Coremen were gone. The forest was filled with silence. We waited another minute or two before she looked up at me again. 
Who are you? she asked, her voice demanding.
Hannibal.
Why are you here?
I waited, my answer on the tip of my tongue yet I was unable to speak. I doubled over in pain, my stomach feeling as if it were going to spill out.
She looked down at the blood dripping from my stomach. Once again, she took my hand in hers. We need to get you some help.




4
I was dragged from the tree to a cave. When the girl brought me inside, many human eyes stared at me. They werent looking at my wound. Some scanned the blood on my body while others gazed, wide-eyed, at the sword sheathed on my back. My instincts were to grab it, but the girl gave me a reassuring squeeze. She walked over, reaching behind an elderly lady. I stood, waiting to see if she had a weapon. In this day, guns were illegal and almost pointless. An alien from Lexa had too strong of skin, like rock, for a bullet to pierce. Not even an elephant gun worked. Some of the Rebels tried to create an effective gun, but as far as I knew they hadnt succeeded. I reached over my shoulder in case. By the time she cocked the gun I could have her head off.
When she stood up and turned, I was shocked. She had a small box marked First Aid. I watched as she placed it on the ground and pulled out antiseptic, gauze and a needle.
Sit down, she instructed.
There was something about herI knew I couldnt trust an enemy. She was a Rebel in hiding. As long as her group didnt get physical or threaten peace, they were allowed to live. For now. Many men in the Core knew it was only a matter of time before all Rebels, both Lexan and human, were hunted and killed. But this girl, she held my hand and I felt electricity shoot through me. When she huddled close to me in that tree, her warmth as like nothing I had ever experienced. Well, at least since my mother died. My father hadnt offered that type of compassion.
As I sat I surveyed my surroundings. For a cave it had been well taken care of. The walls were sealed from water dripping, electrical plugs had been drilled for lighting and doors were even carved out. I saw one with a covering and assumed it was the bathroom. The long hall of the cavern, which got wider as it went deeper into the side of the mountain, was filled with many people. Some were afraid, most likely knowing who and what I was. Some stared at the girl as she knelt in front of me. 
She unwrapped the piece of torn pants from around my stomach. I winced. She threaded her needle. With a quick poke it slid into my skin. I had to admit there wasnt much pain as she sewed the wound. Some blood oozed and shed wipe it clean. I thought all was well until she dumped the antiseptic over my cut. I yelped and backed up. The girl covered her mouth, giggling.
Why are you laughing? I asked.
Sorry. I think its funny. A big, tough Coreman and he cant take the pain of alcohol?
I sat back down, allowing her to finish her work. She moved quickly and before I knew it, she sat back on her heels. She smiled and nodded. I peered down at the wound. It was good work. Not as clean as we were given inside the Core, but for a Rebel living in a cave I was impressed.
So, why are you on the run?
I looked away from the girl. Why did I feel threatened? Could it have been the way she looked at me? Or was it the butterflies in my stomach?
She cleared her throat and tried again, Hey, yo, mister, why are you on the run?
I whispered, Freedom.
She tilted her head to the side. Thats a good reason. Considering you guys are locked up and only allowed to feed on us Rebels, Im not surprised. She nodded at my stomach. So howd you get that?
I pulled some guys guts out and was nicked.
She chuckled. Cut yourself with your own sword, huh? Well, cant say Ive never seen it before. Although, Ive never helped anyone like you. She waited a few moments, gazing over my body. I felt uncomfortable under her eyes, like she could see every secret Id ever had. Finally she broke the silence. Im Teresa, but you can call me Tez. She held out her hand.
I took her palm in mine and we shook. Hannibal.
Very nice to meet you. Now, youre not going to go tell your buddies were here, are you?
I shook my head. Theyre looking to kill me. Ive killed some of their men. The punishment would be death.
So it looks like were in the same boat? Okay, I can live with that. But what I cant handle are these weapons hanging from you. If youre going to stay here you need to remove them.
My hand instinctively moved to touch the hilt of Petra. Tez watched me like a hawk. Her eyes, so dark, but in the light I saw they were green, examined each move I made. I felt like a bug being watched by a kid with a magnifying glass. Finally she slapped my knee.
You can stay here for the night, she said, standing.
She slipped my belt over my head and swiped my dagger from my pocket. I didnt know why I didnt stop her. It was obvious she meant no harm, yet I was allowing my guard to be down. But she wasShe was unlike any girl Id ever met. Other than having the most beautiful green eyes, her hair was a chocolate color and cut to her shoulders. Her body was slim, but by no means frail. She wore brown pants that hugged her legs and an emerald green zip up hoodie over a tank of the same color. She was shapely and my eyes caught a glimpse at the way her body swayed naturally as she moved. I wanted to reach out and see if she was real. A woman this gorgeous couldnt be.
Tez tossed me a blanket and pillow. She slid into one next to me and curled up in the fetal position. Judging by her appearance, she longed to be hugged and I wanted to be the one to do it. But no, I couldnt. Instead I laid down, being careful not to rip out my stitches. I was forced to face her. We peered in to each others eyes before hers closed and she smiled.
For the first time in ages, I felt a real smile cross my lips.



5
I woke up to the greenest eyes peering at me. They bared hints of curiosity along with wonder. I knew Tez would have questions, but I thought Id have a bit more time. Oh well. I knew I had to get it over with. 
I sat up and rubbed the nights crust from my eyes. Tez watched me as I finished waking up, never saying a word. She would occasionally scan my body, her gaze focusing on the wound that she stitched. It bled a bit during the night, but that was to be expected. It was actually well taken done. Her work was clean and precise. It was obvious shed done first aid before. I wrapped the blanket she had given me last night around my shoulders. A cold chill ran through the air. It must have been even worse for Tez. I knew it was time to break the ice. I looked in to her eyes. She smiled as she sat on her knees. Why did you save me yesterday?
Her voice was a whisper. I save anyone that needs help.
ButIm in the Core.
I know.
No hesitation behind her words. My job is to hunt you down and- I couldnt finish the sentence.
Any member of the Core shouldnt have his own men after him. Nor should he be killing them. So why, Core man-
Hannibal.
Hannibal. Why are you killing your own men?
I thought about the question. In my mind I knew exactly why, but hearing it out loud, feeling the vibrations of it, I wondered. Im paid to seek what society says is justice. Instead, Im a mercenary, a murderer, a slayer of those who oppose. But it doesnt seem fair to them. Because they feel aliens and humans should be separate is no reason to kill them. I wanted my own freedom. I wanted my own sense of justice. To feel the sun on my skin and not be bound by a mission.
And, how does it feel?
How did it feel? Was it what I expected, dreamt about? Was it everything I had hoped it would be? Of course it was. I could feel the muscles of my back already without tension. My shoulders were lower and not bound to be on guard. In that small cave I was free. Im liking it.
She smiled and I felt my heart beat faster. She was beautiful. The smallest dimple crossed her cheek. Her perfectly white teeth gleamed in the dark cavern. Her body was slim and I noticed her shaking a bit. Maybe she was cold, nervous? I crawled over to Tez and wrapped my blanket around her shoulders. I tucked the edges around like a scarf. She peered up, eyes dancing. I touched her cheek, feeling her warm, soft skin ignite. My lips burned to kiss her.
A weird feeling.
Whenever I went to the Hotel to be with a woman, their kisses were empty, almost like they never happened. But Tez, somehow I knew shed have been different. A strand of her bangs fell over her forehead and I swiped it to the side. I sat back on my heels, heat running through me.
So, Hannibal, Tez said, her voice cracking. Youre liking this freedom. Where do you plan to go?
I shook my head. Im not sure. A man dreams of meeting a woman, settling down and having children. It would be nice to have a real job. But theres no hope for that. The blood has stained my palms and Ill never be able to wash it away. What woman would want a man whose skills include slaughter and head removal?
Tez tightened the blanket around her. Theres plenty. Hell, most women here wouldnt mind. Well, as long as you lost the sword. Not exactly a turn-on when the guy youre dating can chop you in half if you piss him off.
I smiled. I only cut down Rebels.
You realize Im one? That every person in here, all seventeen of us, are Rebels.
I nodded. Of course I knew it. And I knew my sworn duty to kill them. How could I? Tez was so kind to me. She treated me like any other man looking for help. She didnt judge. How could I judge her? I was sure she had her reasons for being what she was. Each did. It didnt seem like a crime to oppose Lexans. When they arrived, I wasnt sure of their existence. The world was afraid. Riots broke out, people flocked to churches, all because they were sure an apocalypse was upon us. But when the Lexans proved to be innocence just looking for a new home, the President of the United States accepted them. More countries followed.
But there were Rebels, who refused them. 
May I ask you something? I said to Tez.
Shoot.
Why are you a Rebel? Why stand against peace and prosperity?
She looked down at her hands and I noticed her thumbs circling one another. Her breath, deep but shaky, almost echoed in the cavern. I could tell it wasnt an easy decision. 
When Tez looked up, moisture glistened in her eyes. She used the back of her hand to wipe the outer corner of her eyes. She sighed, closing her hands inside the blanket. She leaned against the cave wall.
Sensitive subject. I might have been a mercenary, but I knew when a woman needed her space. I stood, grabbed my hilt with my sheath sword and pocketed my dagger and knife. Glancing back, Tez watched every move I made, tears still in her eyes. I forced a smirk and left, heading out to feel the sun on my skin.




6
Sitting in the sun, I felt a sense of relief Id never felt before. With each passing moment my muscles seemed to lose all of their tension. I leaned back against a tree. The bark prickled my back. Some times I thought a shirt wouldnt have been a bad thing. Others, like now, the heat was almost stifling. That should be expected in July. A drop of sweat rolled down my temple. I touched my index finger to it. Human. I was human. There were days I didnt feel it. With so many cybernetics parts, I wondered what was left. Was my humanity in tact?
The crunching of grass being bent caught my attention. I reached to Petra, feeling the cloth wrapped handle in my hand. Someone was coming towards me, slowly. It could have been anyone. The Core? As the person came around the corner I swung my sword then stopped inches from Tezs neck. Her eyes widened, breath hitching. I dropped my sword next to me, taking her in my arms. My body shook. My hands held her tightly to my chest. When she started breathing again I pulled away.
S-sorry, she whispered.
No. Im sorry. I shouldnt be so jumpy.
Tez shook her head. Youre Core. Thats what you were trained to do. Dont worry about it happening again. I promise to say something next time I need you. She gestured for me to sit. I did so, and she found a grassy patch a few feet from me and sat Indian style. She placed her elbow on her leg, resting her chin in her palm. I came out here to say thank you.
My brows furrowed. For what?
The blanket. That cave gets so cold, especially at night. She giggled. I forget to dress properly. Its so hot out here. No wonder you dont wear a shirt. She eyed me before continuing, But then your nerves have been desensitized, havent they?
I nodded.
Better for battle?
Something like that.
She smirked. Dont you ever miss it? Being out of breath, feeling your heart beating hard in your chest?
My heart was beating against my ribs. Tez made me uneasy in a good way. My palms were sweaty around her. My stomach felt like it was going to twist into a pretzel. I wasnt stupid. I knew I had a thing for her. The desire to touch her ignited through my body. When I held her mere moments ago, it was as if our bodies were connected. Looking at her alone made me smile. Some things I miss, others not so much. I still get hungry and thirsty. Doc couldnt figure that one out.
She burst out laughing. Okay, I have to ask. Is it true you cantyou know
I shook my head, confused.
She leaned in closer. That you cant come?
If I could have died at any moment, that would have been it. I felt the blood drain from my face.
Tez slapped my knee. Hey, its all right.
I smirked. If I can answer your question without making an ass out of myself, no, I cant. The Doc sterilizes all Coremen. We have a Hotel where they keep women for ourneeds. We cant risk what could happen.
Too bad. Can you at least finish?
I nodded.
The wind blew across my face. At first I breathed in deeply, enjoying the grass and flowers, but then I picked up the scent of something else. Metal. Concrete. They were here.
I stood, grabbing Tezs hand. She looked at me curiously. I nodded, hoping she knew it would be all right. If anyone were to hurt her
Hannibal, theyre looking for you. Ill get rid of them. Hide.
I cant leave this to you. What if they-
They wont, she said sternly. She pushed me towards a group of knee high bushes. I took one last look, promising her I would be by her side. I ran over, knelt in the brush and kept an eye on her.
Three men came into view. They were large but by no means from the Core. Average bodyguards or an army unit, I guessed. Tez stood her ground, unwavering in the sunlight, showing no sign of being afraid. I had to hand it to her. She was good when it came to bravery.
You, one man said, were looking for a fugitive. Hes about five foot nine, one hundred thirty pounds. He was white hair. We believe hes dressed in black pants and carrying a sword. Have you seen him?
Tez shook her head. No. No one has come around here.
The men exchanged glances. The second one spoke. You wouldnt be harboring him, would you? Thats a crime punishable by death.
Tez laughed. You think Id put my ass on the line for some guy? Fuck that. I have my own shit to deal with.
The third man, this one the tallest, chest hair peeking over his collar and his hair tied back, grabbed Tez by her shirt. He stuck his face inches from hers. Her nose wrinkled, my guess from his awful breath. When his gaze bore in to her, she kicked his knee. He grunted then threw her to the ground.
God damn bitch! He spat in the dirt. Ill kill you.
He pulled out his sword and swung.
As the blade was about to collide with Tez, I hit mine against his, knocking his at least ten yards away. The man snarled and came at me. With a smirk I spun, cutting into his torso. His top half fell to the side while his lower half slumped over. Blood ran from his severed body.
The first man came at me, spinning his sword. I stuck Petra through the middle of his head. This man might have had fancy moves, but nothing beat the basics. Petra stabbed through his face and out the other side of his head. His eyes rolled back. When I pulled my blade from him he fell over the other mans body. The last guy stood, his knees almost visibly shaking. He turned to run. I aimed and threw Petra at his back. If he got back to his headquarters and  reported us, wed have a shit storm in no time. My blade easily slid through his back, piercing his heart. He cried out and fell.
I walked over and removed my sword from his body. Tez, still lying on the ground, peered up at me, her eyes filled with shock. I held out my hand and she took it. I helped her up, cradling her against my chest. For a minute she didnt move, her gaze on the bodies. When she did speak her voice was barely audible.
You, you killed them.
I couldnt let them hurt you.
A tear rolled down her cheek. She quickly wiped it away. Ive just never seen a person killed like that.
I didnt know how to answer. 
She sniffled. We need to hide the bodies. If my father saw this or knew what youve doneLets just say it wouldnt be good.
I nodded. 
Tez picked up the first mans feet. With me at his head, we lugged him to a nearby river. After placing a rock under his shirt to anchor him, we moved to the next guy. The process was repeated with the last two. After we dumped the severed body, both of our hands were covered in blood. Tez picked through some leaves then handed me a leaf. It had a gritty texture, like sandpaper. I soaked my hands in the rivers water, using the leaf to thoroughly cleanse them. Tez did the same. When we were finished, we noticed some fish, ones brought from Lexa, examining the bodies. I sighed one of relief. Those were flesh eaters. Soon there would be no evidence of what we had done.
Tez turned to me, a gleam in her eyes. Well, that was fun.
I knew what I had to do. Tez, I cant stay here.
Her lips parted. I could tell she was disappointed. Why not?
Its not safe.
She shook her head. Her fists balled and she slammed them against her legs. Hannibal, its never safe. We have to hide from the Core all the time. They come, check us for weapons, sometimes take our food. Its a game to them.
It will be worse. I heard the cracking in my voice. Theyre looking for me. They wont stop until they find me. I sighed. Oh, what the hell. I placed my hand on her cheek. I cant let anything happen to you. It would destroy me.
Tears streamed down her cheek. So stay. Stay here and protect me. 
I wanted to. I wanted to wrap my arms around her and hold on for as long as I could. The whole thing was weird to me. How had I become this attached to someone I was just getting to know? But the connection was there. I believed it was for the both of us. She looked at me differently. There was hope in her eyes. She smiled at me and it warmed my body. It wasnt sexual, well, not entirely. But to be with this girl meant something. It wasnt the freedom alone. It meant I could be human. I could almost erase my past, start new. I could become what Id wanted to be.
Could one woman really do that for me?
I sighed. I needed to try a different approach. The people here are not even sure of me. They look at me like a poisonous spider that needs squashed. One of them are bound to stand up against me. What do I do?
Let them. You dont have to take their shit, but stand up for that freedom you so desire. Show them the man I see.
I wiped a tear as it rolled down her cheek. I gazed at the moisture, rubbing it between my fingers. When was the last time I cried? I held it in, forced myself to forget the pain. In the Core, it was a sign of weakness. Manson loved it when a man cried. He called him a pussy and beat on him. Hed be reprimanded, but Manson didnt mind that. He enjoyed torture, any kind possible. Sometimes I wondered why he was my closest friend. Not many options, I suppose.
Are they willing to see that man? Tez, youve mentioned your father. What will he say if he knew you were with a member of the Core? I couldnt stand a fight. I said, shaky. I must move on.
So let me come with you.
My eyes widened. I quit breathing, a feat I hadnt done in years. When I finally regained my composure, I shook my head. No, thats even more dangerous. Youre safer here.
Bullshit. The Core will come. Im a Rebel. They wont care. Its getting worse. Please, Hannibal, take me with you?
What she asked, what she wanted, was nearly impossible. Yet I found myself considering it. Could I protect her out there, in the forest where patrols were? She saw the killing and didnt seem to mind. She didnt bat an eyelash about it. She accepted me for who and what I was. Not many would. Especially a woman I grew to care about.
I wondered if I could even leave her behind. I had to say good-bye to my father when I joined the Core. I had to say good-bye to the life I lived. The Core erased every bit of my existence. No friends, no family. Not even a picture of what once was. The Core liked us to be blank slates, something they could mold to their desire. And I was the perfect sculpture. Taking Tez would danger her, give me something to hold precious. Tez was precious to me. The answer became clear.
All right, Tez. Ill stay. I quickly added, Only because I cant take you with me. It would be too dangerous. You need to stay here, with others. These are good people. They may not like me, but they are strong when standing together.
Tez jumped up and down. Oh, thank you, Hannibal. I promise you wont regret this.
I prayed I wouldnt. Theres one condition.
Name it.
I need to teach you to fight. Youre defenseless. If anyone threatens you and Im not around, I need to know that you can handle yourself enough to get away.
But-
But nothing. Thats not negotiable. I lifted my chin, showing her I meant business.
She held out her hand. Deal.
I took it. Then, to my surprise, she pulled herself in to my arms. Her nose snuggled against my chest. The feel of her hot breath of my bare skinOh, what it did to me. Still holding Petra, I wrapped my arms around Tez, holding so tightly I wondered if she could breathe. 
I had what I wanted. I had her in my arms. Did I have to let go? Could we stay like this forever?
My stomach rumbled. Tez glanced up at me, a small giggle coming from her chest. Youre hungry.
Yeah. I havent eaten since I left the Core.
Tez backed from my grasp. I wanted her back. I moved to do so when she playfully smacked my chest. Why didnt you say something? Ive never dealt with your kind before. Come on, lets go get you some food.
The question had to be asked. What do you guys eat out here?
She winked. Tons of squirrel.





7
    Squirrel meat wasnt too bad. I had been forced to eat some crazy shit in the Core, so squirrel was a new thing, new flavor. I enjoyed it. Plus, Tez roasted it over an open fire. I watched as she handed some to the families living in the cave. Small children stuck out their tongues. They wanted chicken. Tez explain it was a delicacy for them. 
Odd. I never thought of chicken as being rare, but guessing from their living situation, I supposed it would have been.
When it was my turn, I nibbled on the cooked meat, eating around the tiny leg bone. It had a familiar taste. I guessed when people said chicken tastes like everything, they meant it. Tez had sprinkled a bit of barbeque sauce over it. How long had it been since I had a home cooked meal? In the Core, we were fed pre-package meals that were meant to optimize nutrition and balance our diets. But eating like nature intended felt good.
When we were done and Tez took away the dishes, I polished Petra. Even in the dark cavern it glittered by firelight. This time I was careful not to cut my hand. Then again, I didnt need a reason to see the Doc. Tez came over, but before she could sit I stood. She looked at me quizzically. I smiled, took her hand in mine and led her outside.
Oh, I see. Training? she asked.
I took a long branch and broke it so it was the length of my sword. I handed it to her.
Hannibal, are you really going to make me fight with a stick?
Swordsmanship is about balance and grace. You must respect what you fight with or youll get killed. I smirked. Plus, Petra is mine.
She shook her head. Men and naming their swords.
I took her elbows, holding them at ninety degree angles. Are you right or left handed?
She answered, Right.
Good. So am I. I held her right arm across her chest. This is the best position. Hold your weapon out from your heart. You can defend your lower half and upper half by barely moving. Most optimum placement.
She nodded.
Keep your other arm to the side but ready. You may need it. I have a dagger and knife on my left for this very reason. Use your limbs. In battle, every advantage counts. I stuck a twig in her pocket. Your dagger.
She took a deep breath and exhaled.
Keep your movement as controlled as possible. Move with strength. It is the difference between being killed or killing. Now swing at me.
Tez jerked her right arm to her side. I caught the branch. She peered up at me, obviously pissed off. Damn it, Hannibal. I had you.
No, you didnt. If you were wielding a real sword that would have cut his leg at best. Most likely he would have deflected you then put his sword in your chest. I let go of her branch. With my hand under my chin in thought, I said, I think you lack strength.
Screw you.
Not mind strength. Physical. Im not surprised since youve been in the cavern for many years. Let me see how many push-ups you can do.
Tez got down on her knees, mumbling about how stupid it was. With her hands placed in the dirt, she tried to lift herself. I was taken back when she started off fast, grunting as she pressed away from the ground. Once she hit the tenth push-up, her pace slowed. She fell. Fuck!
To build muscle you must take it slow. You do have it in you. Start off at a good steady pace. Dont rush it. I sat in the dirt next to her. When her brows furrowed I took the position. I started with one-handed push-ups. See, slow. I could do this all day. Why? Because Im allowing my muscles time to recover. Im not pushing them to their limits. I pressed off the ground, switching hands without stopping. Tezs mouth gaped open. Strength.
She smiled. Ill never be able to do that.
I stopped, taking to my knees. Yes, you can. It will take time but I know youll do it. You dont have a bone in your body that will allow you to give up.
She nodded, determined to show me I was right. I knew I was. How could a girl so young make it, living off the land in a cave, and not have the will to live? She seemed to be in charge of those people. And watching her defy the men looking for me showed she would have done anything to protect them. Plus, Ive never known a woman to be all right with watching a man be cut in half.
Tez got in to the push-up position again. This time, she took it slow. Even slower than what I did. She paced herself steadily, her breathing deep, allowing herself to recover. I crossed my arms over my chest. She was impressive. Another facet of this girl I couldnt help but be amazed by. She truly wouldnt give up. She was
My eyes widened as I realized. I was falling for Tez. Her laughter, her smile, her smart mouthShe grew on me and I wanted to be around that as much as possible. I never felt this way about anyone. It had always been sexual. Sure, I wouldnt mind that between us, but I would please her, not just myself like I always had.
Tez peered up at me. There. One dozen.
I almost asked a dozen what, but quickly recovered. Good. Now, lets get back to proper sword placement.
Youre not even going to let me have a break?
I shook my head. The enemy doesnt give time-outs. Stamina is key. Now, sword placement.
She stood, wiping her brown pants clean from the dirt. She walked over and picked up the branch. Tez held it in front of her as I showed. I did the same, only with one hand to give her an advantage. I noticed how her muscles flexed and how narrowed her eye contact was. I also noticed her fault. She watched my eyes. So many tricks could have been played by watching the wrong area. I would have to teach her that.
This would be fun.
**
I unsheathed my sword. After working all day on how Tez needed to move, I decided to let her have a break. While she sat, I showed her the grace it took to wield a sword properly. Proper foot movement was critical. I told her it was like a dance. You had to move, step, arch your back, twist if need be. An enemy could come from any angle and remembering that was the difference between life and death.
Using my sword, I showed her how fast you had to be. How much strength each swing took. The determination to cut down anything that opposed you. I could tell by the look in her eyes that she was taking notes. She nodded when I spoke, she studied each movement. I couldnt have been more impressed with how serious she took training. A true fighter, I guessed. Not many existed anymore, but she had it. She just needed the skill. That was my job. As long as she paid attention, shed be excellent with a sword.
The problem came down to where to find one. She promised me to do at least one hundred push-ups every morning and night to gain upper body strength. Even though it had only been a few hours, I did notice her ability growing. 
I had to admit to myself that it turned me on knowing she was dedicated. Not many women would be willing to do this, but Tez was. She kept surprising me. Numerous times I stifled a smile, biting my bottom lip so she didnt see. I was like a child at Christmas, eager to see what was next. My hands burned, as did my lips, to touch her, to feel her skin against mine. Whenever we did touch magic shot through me. An electricity I became addicted to. 
I couldnt help but wonder if any of the other men in her group had her. There were two men, one about nineteen, her age, and the other in his late twenties. They came out and watched our training. I noticed them whispering. It wouldnt have taken much to cut them down, wipe those disgusting smirks off their faces. But how would Tez feel about that? Shed hate me. So I promised myself I would ignore the thugs. I didnt even know if they had touched her. For all I could guess, they might think she was a hot piece of ass.
Tez was anything but that.
How am I doing? Tez asked.
Excellent. Actually now, were going to learn hand to-hand combat. Most of the time a sword will work, but if it gets knocked away you need to be able to defend yourself.
I motioned for Tez to stand in front of me. I placed her hands up, one neck height and the other at her chest. The key is to cover the important areas. This hand will protect your face and chest. I slapped her right hand. And this can knock away an attack to the stomach. I tapped her left hand.
Got it.
Now, come at me.
Tez didnt hesitate. She swung a punch for my nose. With ease I pushed it away. She tried again, multiple times to catch me off guard. I could have almost waved her hand away. Finally she threw a hard punch aimed at my chest. I caught her by the wrist, twisting her arm behind her back. My breath was on her neck, her hair blowing against my face in the breeze. She smelled of a field of flowers. I took a deep inhale. She turned her head to stare at me.
You can let go now, Tez said.
Ahh, but this is a lesson. If an enemy has you trapped like this, there are ways to free yourself.
So what are they?
	First, you can use your available arm to elbow me in the stomach, causing my grip to loosen. Or you could stomp my foot. This is a bit tricky and not always a guarantee. What is a guarantee is throwing your head back against mine. It usually breaks the persons nose.
Tez swung her head back. I let go of her wrist in time to dodge it. Thank fuck I was expecting her to try it.
She turned, her breath harsh and heavy. You let go.
Even if an enemy can see that move coming, hes not going to stick around for you to execute. However it plays out, youre free.
Tez smiled, her dimple showing more than ever. 
I was surprised when she came to stand before me. Her eyes twinkled in the evening sun. We were surrounded by thick evergreens and brush. Her smile disappeared. I didnt know what went wrong. My heart pounded, my palms became sweaty. Had I hurt her? Did I send the wrong kind of signals?
I got my answer when she buried her face in my chest. I felt her breath against my collarbone. So warm, so inviting. My arms wrapped around her body. This time I refused to let go. My grip tightened. I pressed my forehead to the top of her hair, feeling her soft locks brush my own. I exhaled and she giggled. I smirked. This was heaven. If I had to stay like this forever, I would have died a happy man.
Tez peered up at me under her bangs. When our eyes met I felt the connection, the desireIt all deepened. Using my index finger I lifted her chin towards mine. I bent down, catching his lips in-between mine. I held her there, her soft lips sucking on my bottom one. My right hand cupped her cheek. She broke the kiss for a moment to smile at me. I returned it before our lips met again.
This time there was hunger to it. I used my mouth to open hers. My tongue slid in, massaging hers. The slightest moan came from deep in her throat. With my hand still on her cheek, I used my other to hold the small of her back, pulling her closer to me. Our tongues played, exploring each others mouths in a dance. Her hand smoothed over my chest, feeling each battle scar. I didnt wince. This felt right, like I belonged there with her. 
Tez! Your father is home!
She broke our kiss. I opened my eyes, hers wide and staring at me. She had the look of pure terror on her face.
Whats wrong? I asked.
Daddys back.




8
Tez hooked her fingers with mine. She started running, almost falling, in the direction of the man that called out to her. As she passed him, he gave her a look, one that said her life was about to get tougher. When we made it inside the cavern, a tall man, easily over six and a half feet, stood with his arms over his chest. He was bald but had pork chop sideburns. His eyebrows were bushy and as black as night. My first instincts were to unsheathe my sword. This man meant no good.
Tez released my hand and walked up to him. She wrapped her arms around his waist. He hugged back, but never took his gaze from me.
Dad, Im glad youre back, Tez said.
My mouth dropped. He looked nothing like her. Tez was so frail, so skinny, and this man could easily bend me in half if he had the chance. She must have gotten her looks from her mother.
Seems youve brought in a stranger, her father said. He released Tez. I watched as he stomped over to me. I held his gaze, unafraid and not willing to back down. Besides, he wouldnt have hurt me.
My vision was blinded as his fist collided with my left cheek. I staggered, propping myself against the cave wall. He moved to hit me again when Tez jumped between us. She pressed against her fathers chest, trying desperately to hold him back.
Dad, stop this.
Hes Core. His voice was deep, husky, and had a bit of rasp to it. The image of a bulldogs bark entered my mind.
I stood as Tez said, Dad, hes not here to hurt us. I found him-
You brought him here? Do you know what hes capable of?
Tezs voice was shaky. Yeah, I do. I saw it when he killed those men looking for him. As soon as the words left her mouth, she covered her lips, knowing she had said the wrong thing.
Her father took several deep breaths, his chest rising and falling like an earthquake. Normally I wouldnt have been afraid. Lexans were easily twice his size. But this being Tezs father, I wanted to impress him, make him like me. I knew it was important to Tez, especially after that kiss. The kiss still setting my lips on fire.
Finally, her father broke in. Boy, youve got two seconds to get your fucking ass out of here before I turn you into dog shit on my boot.
I shook my head. I cant do that, sir.
He reached his hand for me, but Tez caught it. Dad, he just wants to make sure Im safe.
He repeated, Hes Core. And apparently has murder in his veins. Theyre looking for him. Youre not safe if hes here.
She crossed her arms over her chest. If he goes, so do I.
Her fathers eyes narrowed. Dont tell me
No. But Hannibal can get me out of here. I want to see the world. Im sick of living in this shitty cave.
Teresa, you know that if Rebels are caught theyre killed. And that boy is the one that does it. He pointed his index finger at me.
Please, dad, get to know him. For me?
His gazed switched from her to me, then back again. I could have almost seen the wheels spinning in his brain, contemplating what to do. I could tell Tezs father wasnt an easy man to deal with. Judging by the looks on the other Rebels faces, he was their leader. He carried chickens and a turkey on a rope tied to his side, blood running down the twist. So he did the hunting at least. That spoke miles for him. I wanted to sigh, to take Tez in my arms and apologize for what had been done to them.
That was why I left the Core. Injustice. A difference of opinions should not have been a death sentence, but it was. Would her father believe me?
He allowed Tez to take the dead animals to cook them, but his gaze never left me. Not for one second.
Tez cradled against her dads arm, hugging him tightly and my guess a bit of ass kissing. Dad, why dont you and Hannibal talk? I should have this ready in a few hours, probably two. Get to know each other. I think youll like him.
Her father grunted. As Tez walked away, he mumbled something. When he turned his back he pulled out a small handgun. It had been so long since Id seen one. Not many were used, especially with the skin of the Lexans.
He glanced over his shoulder. Boy, dont you think for one second Im afraid to use this. You even think about pulling any tricks, Ill blow your ass off.
Yes, sir. How else could I have responded to that? I knew he meant it. I followed Tez deeper into the cave, passing many fearful eyes. Their lives were in Tezs fathers hands. He couldnt let them down.
**
We sat on the floor. Tez and I had put out a handmade table in ancient Japanese style. Sitting on the dirt, Tez handed us each plates of chicken. I looked over mine in awe. Core food was so bland, neutral. The squirrel she had given me earlier was excellent. I couldnt wait to try the chicken.
Eating was quiet. Only the sounds of our lips smacking echoed in the small nook of the cavern. While he ate, Tezs father stared at me, watching each move I made like a hawk. It made me nervous. Yes, I had a bad reputation, but I wanted to amend that with all my heart. It was my greatest desire, what flowed through my veins. I caught a glimpse of Tez looking at me, a smile tugging at her lips while she chewed. I found myself mimicking her, like a high school kid with a crush. Tez peered at me under hooded eyes, thick lashes flirting with me. The burning inside me needed to reach out, touch her, kiss her. But with daddy around that wasnt a good idea.
When we finished, Tezs father looked at me, his eyes narrowed in to tiny slits. So, boy, tell me about the Core.
Tez broke in, His name is Hannibal, dad.
Ill call him whatever the fuck I want to. So, are you gone for good?
I nodded. 
Why? I hear you boys have it good there. Food prepared, women at your disposal, the best medicine and techso why leave?
There wasnt any hesitation in my voice. Freedom.
He was startled, not expecting my answer.
I continued, I signed up to help bring peace to the Lexans and humans. I wanted to make a difference, bring our worlds together, united. But I didnt know there was another side. I didnt know what I had signed up for. I sighed. They had me murder innocent people. Sure, some rioted and killed. But even those people deserved to be handed justice, not the end of my blade. Ive killed so many people for having an opinion thats been deemed unacceptable.
He asked, So why did you join the Core? Why not the Army?
I smiled. The Core was so top secret. Plus it got me out of my house faster. My dad wasnt exactly great at that title.
Your mother?
She died of cancer when I was five. The Lexans hadnt come yet and pancreatic cancer still didnt have a cure. She held on for years but in the endShe tried. Then, when the Lexans came with cures, my father resented them. He spent many nights drunk and crying. It wasnt unusual for him to beat me while asking why they didnt come sooner. He was sure my mother could have somehow been saved. The last few years with him were hell. I tried college, but home life wasnt possible anymore. So, when I turned nineteen, I joined the Core.
Tezs father nodded as if he understood and accepted what Id said. Were Rebels for a reason, you know. We didnt choose this life, boy. It chose us.
I watched as he picked at a leg bone, peeling the remaining meat away. Tez being a Rebel seemed to have a different meaning than most. I could tell she had something to hide. Would she be willing to trust me with her secret?
I had to know. May I ask why you are Rebels?
Tezs father looked at me, his eyes welling up with moisture. He sniffled, slammed his fist down against the table and stood. The table shook as he knocked it. I watched as he stomped away, his boots digging into the dirt. Tez also watched. When she turned back to me, a tear streamed down her face. I jumped up quickly, taking her in my arms. Her wet cheeks smeared against my chest. I brushed my fingers through her hair, cooing her as she breathed heavily while crying. 
Their secret must have been serious.
Tez gazed up at me. A single tear rolled down her face. I touched it with my finger, wiping her face clean. She forced a smile. I pressed my lips to her forehead. She sighed, snuggling up against me.
With a quick glance to make sure her father was gone, Tez planted a quick kiss on my lips. I smiled as she winked, picked up the dishes and headed to the river to wash them. I followed, always willing to help her out.
That girl had too much sparkle and it intrigued me.




9
After helping Tez clean the dishes in the pond, we walked around the forest. She held my hand, sending shivers down my body. With her fingers intertwinedwith mine, I pulled her to me, our bodies pressing against one anothers. She gazed up in to my eyes. I enjoyed seeing the twinkle from the moonlight in hers. The green seemed to glow from within. Tez was a special person. She had a good heart.
I tilted her chin back, taking her lips to mine. At first she pressed small pecks to me, and then began sucking on my bottom lip. I closed my eyes, feeling every nerve, every sensation in my body come to life. To my surprise, every part of my body awakened, even places that had been dormant for months. 
I broke the kiss, embarrassed. Tez glanced down at my pants, then back up at me. She smiled and with a giggle pressed her hand to my chest. My breath hitched. It was almost impossible to breathe with her heat on me. Her hand trailed down and stopped over my stomach. Her fingers danced over my abdomen. I closed my eyes, allowing myself to absorb her touch. When I opened them, pure troublemaker lay in hers. She winked, took my hand, and ran, dragging me behind her.
She stopped at the entrance of the cave. I rested my hand on the small of her back. She stood on the tips of her toes, reaching up to kiss me. Our mouths opened and tongues slid past the barrier. My breath became harsh as we played along as our tongues licked at one anothers. Tez wrapped her fingers in my hair, pulling at the base of my neck. I tilted my head up and she trailed kisses down my jaw line to my neck. I gasped as her lips locked on my collarbone, sucking ever so slightly but enough to drive me wild. I wanted her, needed her.
But could I have her?
She must have felt it too. She placed one last kiss on my lips before tangling her fingers in mine. Tez led me into the cave. 
Most of its occupants were asleep. I took to my bed, laying my head against a wadded up old shirt. I laid my blanket low on my hips. Tez lay next to me, her back to the glowing light in the end of the cavern. I knew her father was back there, probably still dealing with the pain from dinner.
I felt horrible about it. I didnt mean to bring up a hard past. If I would have known Tez would have cried, I never would have mentioned it. Although her tears were beautiful, I found it twisted my stomach like I was sick. Probably because it made me sick to see her in pain. It was something I silently prayed Id never see again.
Tez turned to face me. Her eyes welled up, not from the tears but from exhaustion. We did have a long day. She trained, putting every ounce of herself into becoming as strong as possible. Not many men could have done what she did. Most quit. Thats why there were not many men in the Core. But Tez, she refused to give up. I admired her for that. She had Lexan thick skin when it came to determination.
Hannibal? she whispered.
Yes?
May I sleep next to you?
I swore my heart skipped a beat, even though it was artificial. I nodded. Tez scooted over, keeping her blanket wrapped tightly around herself. A breeze blew through the cave and she shivered when she touched me. Her hands were like ice. I laid on my side, allowing her to bury her face in my chest. Even her nose was cold. Since I didnt feel much in the way of temperatures, I laid my blanket over her. She peered up at me, confused.
Dont you need it? Tez asked.
Im okay. You need to stay warm. 
I tucked the two blankets under her chin and body so she looked like a cocoon. I smirked, thinking how adorable she appeared. Like a small child. She laid her cheek against the pectoral muscle of my chest. Hannibal, your heartbeat is different. Its almost like a drum.
Yeah, it was created to be strong.
She giggled. And here I thought I was doing this to you.
Maybe you are.
I felt her breath on me as she yawned. Drifting off to sleep, she murmured, MaybeI am
Her breathing became light, the indication she had fallen asleep. I kissed her forehead.
A part of me didnt know what I was doing. She was a Rebel, my enemy and in a group I was sworn to kill. But I couldnt do that to Tez, or any of her people. They were nice, even though most looked at me like the plague. Even so, none opposed me, none confronted me. They accepted and trusted Tezs judgment. 
Tez. Teresa. I found myself caring more about her with each passing second. The way she movedher voiceshe was magical. I had my demons. I had lost hope, but Tez gave me a reason. She made me forget the cyborg half of me. I felt human. She gave me a strength I never knew possible.
She gave me peace.
Tez handed me caring without condition.
She stirred next to me, whispering something about chicken. I smiled. So she talked in her sleep? Just one more facet of her I didnt want to let go of. Staying in that cave, forever, in her arms, was a dream I could only wish would come true.
Manson would have told me I was being foolish. That no woman was worth this. He was a whore, I could admit that, but that was Manson. He breathed power and strength. He didnt have many friends because it was hard for him to trust others. Somehow, I made it through his wall. He told me about how his mother died of a drug overdose and his father committed suicide shortly after. He moved from foster home to foster home, never staying in one place for long. He was a hellion. Some of the stories he told I couldnt help but pity the people who took him in.
And Manson would have called me foolish for my feelings for Tez.
What were my feelings?
I wasnt sure where they were going or how deep it was becoming, but I did know one thing. I was falling for her. Hard.




10
It had been ten days since I left the Core. Ten days since I met Tez. Ten days of being on edge yet completely relaxed.
Each day I woke up with Tez in my arms. She snuggled against me, her small nose burrowing like an infant. I loved brushing her hair back from her face in the morning. Wed kiss and shed get ready, going out to the river to clean herself. When she was done it was my turn. It surprised me how good the soap the Rebels had was. Like toothpaste for the mouth, in invigorated, refresh and tingled. 
After my bath Id help Tez cook. Her father, Harold, went hunting every other day. On the days he and some men were out, Tez was more playful, almost unafraid to express herself. But when he was home, we kept our distance. I tried my best to respect him, always calling him sir and doing as he asked. Each time I thought he liked me, hed sneer and I knew that was the end of it. Although, I did suspect he knew I only wanted the best for his daughter.
Even the people of the cavern were beginning to trust me. They would offer me fresh, purified water, allow me to watch TV with them, and let me borrow some books. They enjoyed the classics like Stephen King. I wasnt much of a horror fan, but Id take them.
I tried to be on the best terms with everyone.
Everyday Tez and I would train. I needed to stay in shape and keep my sword abilities in top form. Tez built up her strength so push-ups were becoming easier. By no means was she at my level, but her body had gained muscle. I knew she was sore, but not once did she complain. When I held her at night, her arms were hot from stressing them. I should have said something, told her to back it down. In the end I couldnt. Tez wouldnt listen if I tried.
Today was another training day. After a healthy breakfast of quail and some kind of other bird, Tez and I did the dishes. She loved to flirt with me while Harold was out. When we finished, she kissed me, wiped her hands and off we went to train.
First I had her do fifty push-ups to warm up. Next, using a nearby tree, ten pull-ups. Those were new so I didnt want to stress it. Then shed take laps around the camp, even climbing the cave rocks without assistance. I bit my lips each time she had done that. I was there to catch her if she fell, but if she were to get injured
I found a heavier branch. Tez gained some skill, although at times she still swung like a baseball player.
Hold your form, I said. Remember, right hand over your ribs, left hand near your stomach. Feet apart. Knees bent.
Tez did as I instructed.
I grabbed another branch.
What are you doing? she asked.
Today, we fight.
	Youre shitting me.
I shook my head. Easy blows, tapping the branches. Nothing thats going to take out an eye, got it? 
She nodded, but for some reason I felt she might go overboard with it.
To be fair I used my left hand, not my sword hand. Tez came at me with jabbing motions. I stopped her each time with ease. Remember, strength. Think out each attack.
Tez swung downward like she wanted to cut me in half. It took me off guard but I caught it. She pressed down, trying to get me to lose my balance. It was a trick I taught her. She was the first to step back, trying the same move on the other side. I smiled as she struck over and over. She had gained tons of strength. If we trained each day, shed have enough skill to defend herself in two weeks.
Tez tried cutting to the side of my abdomen. She went for my left, my weaker side because I wasnt using my sword hand. She struck me. I felt the sharp pain and the wood digging into my skin. I grunted, holding my side. Tez covered her mouth, rushing to see what kind of damage shed done.
No, stay back, I said. We get hurt during battle. Its all in the recovery. Now, come at me again.
Are you sure? That looks like its going to bruise.
Come at me again.
She nodded, this time not giving it her all. I had to dig it out. I attacked her, gently so she wasnt hurt, but with enough speed. She caught my branch with hers. As I pressed down, she gasped, her muscles giving out in my pressure. I should have let up, given her a break, but I couldnt. That wouldnt have taught her anything and could hurt her in battle more than help.
To my surprise she pushed me off, jabbing her branch at my chest. I barely had time to recover before she jabbed again. I was proud of her. She did so well, and was an easy study.
When she came at me again I grabbed her branch, threw it to the side, and pulled her to me. Pressing my lips to hers, I smiled as she bit my bottom lip.
Why, Hannibal, I didnt know the enemy would do such a thing.
I shrugged. Theyll try anything to win.
I nuzzled the crook of her neck. She grabbed my wavy locks, pulling them as I picked her up, setting her on the ground. I spread her legs, positioning myself in-between them. Pressing feathery kisses to the hollow of her throat, she giggled as my hands traveled down her sides, feeling her body under mine. I felt myself harden and I was sure she did too.  
I stopped and looked in to her eyes. I loved how they danced with happiness, how the sun hit them making the green sparkle under its touch. I took her mouth in mine again, sliding my tongue inside. She moaned and I knew I had to have her. Looking around, I didnt think anyone was there. My hand slid over Tezs breast and she gasped, her hands running the length of my bare back.
Someone cleared their throat.
We both looked up and saw Harold. Shit. Not the best way to impress the father.
I got to my feet, helping Tez up. Her father scanned her before narrowing his gaze on me. In tiny slits, his eyes told me how pissed he was. As I was about to say something, he broke the silence. Tez, do I have to remind you why youre a Rebel?
No, dad.
Good, because she wouldnt approve of what youre doing.
He gazed back at me, the hatred still burning into my soul. As he turned to leave Tez took my hand. We walked over to the tree and sat against it. I knew it might not have been appropriate, but I had to know. Tez, who is she?
Tezs breathing became deeper, shallow, like she was trying to breathe through a straw. I noticed her eyes welling up. Reaching out to touch her cheek, she shook her head, turning her back to me. I waited in silence, giving her time.
Tezs body quivered. She wrapped her arms around her shoulders and the shaking became more violent. She threw her head back, tears running in rivers down her face. She was all but hysterical. 
My brows furrowed. What had I said? What had I done wrong?
I needed to at least comfort her.
I got to my knees, hugging her body to mine. At first she pulled away, trying to free herself from my grasp. I held on tightly, not allowing her to escape. Whatever this was, she needed to deal with it and speaking to me would help. Keeping things bottled up was never the answer. 
Tez used one of my techniques I had shown her and slammed her hand into my thigh. I grunted and let go with one arm. She started to crawl but I grabbed her wrist and turned her to face me, burying her face deep in my chest. I noticed my skin became wetter and I could feel the streams rolling down to my stomach. I cradled Tez close. She needed this. Even if she didnt think so, Tez needed comfort it had been obvious she so longed for.
We sat, waiting, in silence. Slowly her cries turned to gasps then murmurs. When she fell silent I waited. No more sniffling. I looked down at her, using my index finger to force her to look at me. Her eyes were swollen. The bright green stood out against the red, piercing through me. I kissed her forehead. She snuggled up against my chest. Her hand trailed patterns over my skin. I wanted to ask what was so wrong, what had hurt her so badly, but Tez needed to come around in her own time.
Finally, Tez spoke, The she he talks about is my mom.
My heart broke. I had a feeling deep in the pit of my stomach that her mother had been met with a violent end. I wasnt sure if I was ready to hear it, but Tez was allowing me in, and I couldnt deny that.
She continued, She was killed by the Core.
My eyes slammed shut as my worst fear took over. Tezs mother, a woman who brought such a beautiful being into this world, killed by one of my own. What happened?
Tezs voice shook. When the aliens from Lexa came down I was only nine. Life was good before they came. I went to school, my mom cooked me breakfast every morningShe and my father kissed a lot. I can still see them in the kitchen, her passing around eggs and my father kissing her hand. He loved to kiss her hand.
Then it all changed. The nights dark sky lit up with blue over Mexico, all electricity was cut off. The news broadcasted the event for days until the ship appeared from the clouds. Do you remember that?
I nodded. Of course I did. Like many elderly people said about 9/11, you remember where you were, what you were doing, when life changing moments happen. I lived in Nebraska at the time. My father woke me up from my sleep to see the TV before it cut off two hours later. That blue glow, in the center an orb, so beautiful. I hadnt thought it was bad, but I was twelve and thought aliens were cool. Science fiction had taken a downswing in popularity, but I read the classics still. Seeing them coming, it burned into my memory.
Tez chuckled. My dad wanted us to get in the basement like there was some kind of storm coming. My mother went on with her business. She still cooked and cleaned, made me brush my teeth. She was even one of very few mothers that still wanted the schools open. When that didnt happen, she made me study algebra until I was sick with numbers.
She stopped speaking. I heard her light breathing and wheezing, but I didnt want to push it.
Hannibal, do you remember when the Lexans landed in Mexico and the United Nations met with them? They had somehow copied some of Earths languages and a treaty was made. No fire, no injury. The biggest deal in the history of the world.
Yeah. I think the world held its breath until the Lexan leader and President Nickels shook hands.
At the same time, didnt they say something like ten million people committed suicide? I dont remember.
I smirked. Me neither.
She nestled deeper against me. Schools opened and all was well. Half my neighborhood left for the plains. Big cities stood for equality and none of them wanted it. I never knew my mothers view on the aliens. She just wanted peace in her household, my dad to be safe at work and for me to eventually go to college. My mother was simple.
Then came rogue Lexans looking for purified and flavored water. They broke into our house. We didnt have any, just basic tap water, but they refused to listen. One grabbed me by the throat and another grabbed my mother. We screamed so loud while my father pled with them to let us go, that he would get water for them. 
The Core broke in. They werent known yet and hadnt really been given moral codes. They came in, swinging their swords. I remember crying as blood covered me. I hit the ground and it went black. Next thing I knew my dad held me, wiping the Lexans purple blood from my face. He bent over me, hysterical. I looked over and saw a Coreman had cut my mothers legs off at the thighs. She bled out. My father had done all he could to stop it, but it was too late. The Core guy that did it, hehe just looked at us and left. A few days later a clean-up crew came and did their thing.
I wrapped my arms even tighter around Tez. I couldnt have imagined the horror she went through, and at such a young age. First the Lexans betrayed her, then the Coremy Core
No words could have been said. Or at least I couldnt think of any. What was there to say? I couldnt have apologized. That seemed patronizing her. I kept it simple, brushing her bangs back and kissing her forehead. When she peered up at me, her cheeks were flush, but her creamy skin returned from the ghostly white it had been. The sparkle was back in her eyes. I smiled. 
Tez swung one leg over my waist, straddling me. Her hand cupped my cheek, thumb smoothing over the skin. Words couldnt express how beautiful I thought she was. An angel, yet a miracle. We gazed in to each others eyes before she leaned forward and pressed her lips to mine. I hesitated, her fathers words sticking in my brain like glue. Tez tried moving her mouth, but when mine hadnt responded she pulled back.
Hannibal, whats wrong?
I waited, thinking of the right words. None came.
Is this about what my dad said?
	Yes.
She shook her head. Dont worry about it. My dad hates the Core in general for what happened. He hates the Lexans even more. What he and my mom had was special and he doesnt want to be reminded of what hes lost. She placed a kiss on my lips. But what we have is special, too. You didnt killYou were only a kid and probably didnt know the Core existed. Dont be hard on yourself, okay? You do what you think is right. 
I felt a tug pull at my lips. What did I think was the right thing to do? Protect Tez. Stopping killing innocents. 
I took a fistful of hair at the nape of her neck and pulled her to my lips. All hesitation, all tears were gone. As our tongues slid into each others mouths, I hoped Harold wouldnt return.  
Tez came up for air. This is right, she said.
Yes, a voice said behind me, this is right.
Using my left arm, I grabbed Tez around the waist and pulled her to the side. In one move I was on my feet, Tez behind my body. Petra was in my hand.
I stood, staring at his dark eyes. So much happiness behind them.
He smiled. Hannibal, youve been a bad boy.
My grip tightened on Petra. Manson.





11
Manson stared back at me, his eyes glowing with intensity. I knew why he was here: me. I was on the most wanted list and Manson would receive a hefty reward for turning in me. He wouldnt have had the chance. Id fight to the death.
Holding the hilt of Petra, I listened closely. No other footsteps. Was he alone? He couldnt have been. Core never traveled alone. They would be listening and have heard Manson speaking. Theyd have been coming. I tightened my grasp on my sword, knees bending and preparing for the fight. 
Tez was still on her knees. I felt her tiny fingers grabbing the backs of my legs, nails digging into my skin. I wanted to reassure her that it was all right. She would have been fine. Id die before Id let Manson touch her. I reached back with my left hand and rubbed the top of her head, calming her. Or at least trying to.
Manson burst out laughing. So it seems Hannibal has deserted us all and for what? A woman. And a Rebel, no less. He took a step down from the hill he stood on, our eyes meeting on the same level. Tell me, Hannibal, is she worth it?
	I didnt answer.
Manson reached to his side and unsheathed his long, thin sword. I asked if she was worth it.
I inhaled as deeply as I could. Battle was one thing. I could handle that. But Manson had become a brother to me. We knew each others secrets and wishes. I was the only one who knew about his horrible past. Yet standing there, staring at his sword and knowing the death it caused with ease, I felt like Manson and I were miles apart. I exhaled and waited. When would the sound happen? That sound of metal slicing through the air. Only a true swordsman knew it. It had become second nature for me.
Manson flipped his sword on its side. I raised an eyebrow. He said, Fine. Lets see if shes truly worth it.
He came at me hard and fast. I had mere milliseconds to push Tez back before catching his sword with mine. He pressed his down to my face, almost cutting into my skin. I felt the sweat forming on my brow and my breathing kicked into overdrive. Manson pushed further and as his sword grazed my skin, I kicked his shin. Any other opponent would have faltered, but not Manson. He backed up and repositioned himself. 
I noticed his sword was backwards still. So he wanted to play the game? I flipped mine over and a smile crossed his lips. He came at me again, this time from the side. I swung Petra and Mansons sword bounced off it. I spun, getting some distance between us. He repeated the motion, this time I made a half circle to connect with him. Petra collided with his sword and the sound of metal upon metal echoed throughout the forest.
Out of the corner of my eyes I saw Tez backing up, reaching for her training branch. For a split second I wanted to smile. This was a battle she could have never won, especially with a branch, but I was glad to see her try. 
Manson kicked at my testicles. I grunted, falling to my knees. I gazed up in time to see his sword inches from my face. I bent backwards, the sword slicing off a few strands of hair that blew up in the motion. When I came back up, Manson swung at my side. I caught his sword with my own, getting to one knee. As he attacked again I got to my feet. That was better. I was no longer the lower man in the fight.
Manson aimed his sword for my legs. I jumped over his blade but as he returned it back the other way, his backwards blade connected with my left calf. I cursed and fell, my hand stopping me from hitting the ground. 
I felt it coming but couldnt have reacted in time. Manson hit my right side, re-opening the stitches I thought had been close to healing. I cried out, falling back. The blood ran down my side. Manson swung his sword over his head. I put mine over my face in time to catch his from connecting. Again he pressed all of his weight down upon me. Problem was, this time, with blood running down my side, I didnt have the strength. 
In one fast move I pushed him off, swung Petra to cut his thigh and fell back. I closed my eyes as the feel of the tip of a blade touched my Adams apple. I peeked through an eyelid to see Manson smiling. His hand was over his bleeding leg. He backed up and sheathed his sword.
Reaching out his hand, Manson offered me help. I took his grasp and stood, holding my side as the blood slowly stopped flowing. Taking one look at each other, Manson and I burst out laughing.
Tez got to her feet, running over to me. What the fuck are you laughing at? Am I missing something? 
I clutched my side, pain igniting my body. 
Tez stood in-between Manson and I. She asked me without taking her eyes from Manson, Hannibal, are you okay?
Hes bleeding, love. So am I. Can you fix us up? Manson grunted at the end of his sentence.
Fuck you! she spat back.
Manson laughed. She is a firecracker. Much better than the mutes at the Hotel.
I took hold of Tezs arm. She turned to me, worry consuming her face. This was just a sick game of his. We used our blades in reverse.
Hannibal, you guys are bleeding. That isnt a game.
I whispered, Say that to him. 
Tez turned back and watched as Manson walked over and sat against a tree. He gripped his cut leg, looked up at us and smiled as if nothing was bothering him. She glanced back at me for a minute then said, Fine, boys. Stay here. Let me get the First-Aid kit.
**
I watched Tez with narrowed eyes, examining each move she made as she came back to us. Her hands shook as she held on tightly to the First Aid kit. She kept her gaze on Manson, never allowing herself to give him any leniency. I sat next to him. 
Mansons sword was sheathed and sitting two feet from him-typical Core reach. He leaned back against the tree trunk, his eyes closed while still holding onto his injured leg. I sat next to him, but kept Petra sheathed on my back. Manson might have been my best friend but things had changed. I had changed. We had always been told that we were Core for life, that when we gave blood it bonded us, but that meant nothing to me. The only blood that concerned me was the gallons Id spilled in the name of the Core.
You think too much, Manson said with his eyes closed.
I should have known that he would have been able to sense my feelings. Manson was good. He knew me too well. I was an over thinker. Plus, the last time we had spoken was on this very matter that concerned me still. So much gray area in life. I never understood Mansons black and white thinking.
Like I said Manson mumbled.
I smirked. Tez stood before us, her eyes the tiniest of slits on Manson. My smirk grew. She didnt trust him worth a shit. I couldnt blame her. I was also on edge with him around.
Tez knelt down in front of me, pulled out her needle and began threading it. I winced at the pain I knew was coming. I tried to remind myself that the last time she did this, it hadnt hurt. I tried to repeat that.
Tezs hand touched my stomach and all thoughts of pain or blood erased from my mind. I only felt her. Her warmth, her vibrancy, the way she was careful not to put too much pressure on meI thought my skin melted beneath her. Tez glanced up at me, like she felt it too. We exchanged looks, both filled with lust and need. My hand started to move to touch her, but I quickly put it back on the ground. Manson knew enough about our relationship. I couldnt give him anymore explanation.
He started laughing. Hannibal, Im surprised with you. Im never seen you like this around a chick before. Youre always in control. He opened his eyes and sat up. What is it about her?
Tez bit her lip, obviously to keep herself from saying anything she may regret, or to keep herself from getting too angered.
I watched for a moment as Tezs hooked needle slid into my skin, pulling the open wound tight. As the thread made its way in, I answered, Manson, Im not explaining myself or Tez to you. Just know that shes off limits and deserves respect.
He laughed. A Rebel? Respect? I should pull my blade across her throat right now. As he moved, he winced and grabbed his thigh. But I need stitched up first.
Without looking up, Tez said, So Im good enough to fix your fuck ups? And also good enough to die at the end of your blade?
He smiled.
She shook her head. Core. Nothing but a bunch of fucking scum. You think you make the rules and that youre exempt to them. She glanced up at me. Well, almost all of you.
Manson burst out in a fit of laughter. I do like her, Hannibal. We can convert her, you know? A fine piece to the Hotel.
I turned my gaze to Manson, death and hatred pouring from my eyes.
Manson chuckled a few times before resting again. 
We all sat in silence. I wasnt sure what I should have said. Manson and Tez would have never seen eye to eye on the matter, and I was glad that they spent moments not at each others throats, even though I could see in Tezs eyes she wanted him dead.
The wind blew slightly and I shivered. Odd. How was that possible? My nerves had been fixed and it was hotI gazed down and saw Tezs left hand low on my abdomen. As she worked, her palm slid down and up ever so slightly, but enough for my body to react. I clenched my eyes shut and prayed for her to be done.
Soft lips pressed against my chest and I opened my eyes. Tez had finished and not a moment too soon. She smiled so innocently that her dimples showed, and I wanted to grab her and hold on forever.
Do I get any of that love? Manson interrupted.
Tez rolled her eyes, grabbed her First Aid kit, and moved over to kneel in front of Manson.
His smile grew wicked as she cut his black pants from his leg. I watched as the slit went dangerously high, showing the bottom of his boxers underneath.
Be gentle, Manson commanded to Tez.
She looked up at him, smiled, then poked the needle through his skin. His eyes widened and I could tell she hadnt been nearly as delicate with him as me. I covered my mouth to hide the smile forming. Manson bit his bottom lip, his face turning red and Tez quickly sewed the wound. It bled some more and I realized I had cut him deeper than I had originally thought. A stirring of guilt overtook me. 
Did I really have to cut him so deep? I used the back edge of Petra, so it should have only bruised. But the tip had a curved point that I knew caught onto his skin. Luckily, it wasnt too deep. It should heal in a week, much less if Manson went straight back to the Core and had the cream made by Lexans put over it.
I heard the sound of a smack and I glanced up. Tez had finished Manson and slapped his good leg. He laughed. Judging by her scowl and his delight, I knew I had missed something. Probably for the best. Those two were going to hate each other and I wanted no part in it.
Manson stood, stretching his leg and assessing Tezs work. Not bad, he said.
For a Rebel? she asked, sarcasm filling her voice.
For a woman.
Tez could have shot arrows from her eyes, judging by the hatred in her gaze.
I stood, walked over to Manson and handed him his sword. He tied it around his chest, the same way I had done mine, and nodded. Are you coming, Hannibal?
I shook my head. No, Im staying here.
He dropped his arms. His body became visibly tense. I knew it would have been his reaction. Manson wanted things his way. He wanted me to believe things were his way. In truth, I wanted my own thinking to be that care free, but it wasnt. There were always consequences to weigh. Manson needed to learn that, at least about me. I had grown, matured, since I joined the Core. 
I hated to be political but I learned that was what I was becoming.
Manson asked again, this time his voice demanding, sturdy. Are you coming?
I shook my head.
Manson stormed up to me in such a fury that I could have sworn he planned on punching me. He raised his arm as if to do so then dropped it. He sighed, took hold of my sword strap and pulled my face mere inches from his. Mansons eyes blazed with hatred, blazing in his soul. I could tell he no longer looked at me like a Coreman, or a friend, but a Rebel. 
I waited. I knew he was going to do what he felt he had to. I would have defended myself, and Tez, but this was not a battle I planned on starting.
Manson let go. He walked to a tree, slamming his fist hard enough into the bark to tear it from the trunk. He repeated his action, four more times, before stopping. He pressed his forehead to the tree. I glanced at Tez. She stood, her arms cradling tightly to her body. 
I was surprised by Tezs gaze. I would have thought shed have been afraid, unsure of Manson and his change of demeanor. But no, she was ready, every so often glancing at her stick or the needle still in her hand. If she were forced to, would she jab that needle into Mansons eye? Judging by the look she gave off, she was ready and slightly more than willing.
Manson turned, tears streaming down his face, blood on his hand from punching the tree. Hannibal, how could you do this? How could you turn your back on us?
Manson, I-
No! I dont want to hear this saving the world bullshit! He wiped his tears away. His voice was loud, shaky. Why are you so willing to give up perfection? We have it all. Just one look at us and the world fears us. Lexans and Rebels used to hide from us. Now they laugh at us.
My brows furrowed. Manson, what are you talking about? Most of humanity doesnt even know we exist. Were the shadows down the street. Nobody is laughing.
Yes, they fucking are! His voice cracked with intensity.
Tezs father, Harold, came from around a tree and peered at us. He scanned Tez first to make sure she was all right. His gaze centered on the First Aid kit, then to my stomach. To my surprise, he nodded to me and I nodded back that I was fine. Harolds gaze focused on Manson. The two stared at each other, fire shooting from ones eyes to the others.  Both were strong men, determined men, that I wondered who would have backed down first. 
Manson smiled, slapped his freshly sewed up leg, which caused it to bleed a bit, and started laughing. Dont tell me this is the father-in-law?
I didnt answer.
Mansons laughter quieted. Thats what I thought. Hannibal gave away everything for the family next door. Rebels.
He turned and started walking away.
I wanted to go after him, to reach out and tell him how I felt, and why I was doing this. Manson had decided long ago that he didnt want to hear it, but I had to try, didnt I?
After I thought about it, I realized my best friend may have been a lost cause. How many times had I tried? Over a dozen, I knew that. 
I also knew I would never see him again.
Pain and regret consumed me. I had switched one set of problems for another. But this was my place now. I could have no longer fought with the Core. Never again could I kill in someone elses name.
Tez wrapped her arm around my good side, leaning her head on my chest. We watched until Manson was out of sight.
Should we worry about him? she asked, her voice low.
I didnt know how to answer that. I sighed and decided to shrug.
We turned and I placed a kiss on top of Tezs head. Harold stood, his eyes never leaving the horizon where Manson disappeared to. As we passed him, he grabbed my arm. Looking down at me, he asked, Is that a problem?
No, sir.
Good. I dont wanna see shit like that again. He comes back, Ill kick both your asses out. Got it?
I nodded.
It was getting late. I yawned and cuddled Tez closer to my body. I couldnt wait to get her asleep next to me, to feel how her body became warm during the night.
That was all I needed. Tez, darkness and peace.




12
I watched as Tez held her branch with such precision. I smiled as she moved gracefully, strength in each step. Id been with her for almost a month. In that time Id been impressed with how strong shed became, and how talented her skills were.
We had progressed to longer, heavier branches. The one she wielded now was awkward in its shape, but that hadnt taken her balance. She glided over the ground, jabbed, and swung, all with expertise. I was tempted to let her try Petra, but it was mine. I was a man with pride and not about to let anyone play with my toys. 
Maybe one day I would get Tez her own Petra.
She stopped, glanced up at the setting sun, and laid down her branch. She got down and started five hundred push-ups. That was her idea. I suggested we increase to two hundred fifty, but Tez wanted to keep going. Watching now, her sculpted arms flexed as she pushed off the ground.
I began to wonder if Tez always had been this way, or if being a part of her mothers murder had somehow created a monster. Her strength couldnt have been matched, nor her determination. But what was baby Tez like? I pictured a small brunette girl running in her backyard. Maybe she had a swimming pool and did cannonballs off the edge? Was she a good student? I imagined Tez was. I wasnt sure if she was book smart, but street smart. She knew her way around things, knew how to lie and never gave up. 
Tez didnt have many friends at the cave. In truth, she helped people along, did most of the cooking and repairs, but she never really spoke with anyone else. Of course there were greetings and such, but in the month that I had spent with Tez I hadnt seen her sit down and talk. Only her father carried conversations with her, and those were more of a status talk, not really loving.
My heart wanted to break for Tez. She had been given so much love as a child. Her mother must have been a saint, a beautiful woman who loved her family above all else and would have done anything to keep them happy. That was destroyed. To end it even further, her father had taken it harder than one would have hoped, causing Tez to grow up faster than any child should be forced to.
Hey, you look deep in thought, Tez said, standing up.
I smiled. Just thinking about what you were like as a child.
She came over to me, placing her hands on her hips. Thank fuck that I dont have any pictures. My mom insisted I have this ridiculous haircut and two inch long bangs. She started giggling.
Sounds sexy, I said, placing my hand on her palm covered hip.
Oh, it was. Her laughter grew.
Tez took my hand that covered hers and placed it on the small of her back. She grabbed my other hand and held it shoulder height. At first I was confused until she started swaying back and forth. 
I wasnt much of a dancer. In my younger years there were fad dances like The Cryptom and Wacka, but I hadnt even taken the time to learn those. Somehow I was balanced and skilled enough that I could wield a sword, but that swaying business was too much.
My palms began to sweat, my forehead worse. Images of me stomping on Tezs feet or falling over rolled through my head. I could have argued that I was jinxing myself, but damn, how did people move with such grace?
Tez closed the small gap between us and whispered, Chill out. This isnt a wedding. Nobodys recording us. Shit, nobody is even here. Just me and you.
I nodded and decided holding her was best.
Tez felt so warm, comforting. She emanated some sort of lighter being that I longed to be as close to as possible. When we had touched, words couldnt have described how it felt. My body relaxed yet tensed, my senses came to life yet I was somber. 
The one thing had happened that I promised myself wouldnt: I fell in love.
At some point I knew it was true. It could have been while I held her at night, her chest rising and falling against my own, hearing those small murmurs she made each night. It could have been when we did dishes together and I caught glimpses of the inner peace she held even in the most chaotic moments. It could have beenIt could have been any one of the millions seconds we had together, but I knew it. I was in love with Tez.
Tez started humming some song I couldnt place. Her voice, light and calming, was only loud enough to carry the inches between us. I closed my eyes, allowing my body to move in time with the natural rhythm in her voice. She placed her head on my chest. I felt the vibrations of her song running through me. It even seemed to have pierced the metal heart keeping me alive. For once in my life as a Coreman, I knew I was human.
Tez looked up at me in the rising moonlight. Her eyes glittered as the stars reflected in them. I placed my hand on her cheek, bent down and kissed her. She sucked on my bottom lip as we stayed connected, my hand rubbing the small of her back in circles. A slight moan came from her throat and I pulled every inch of her as close to me as possible. I needed to feel her against me, on my skin. I needed to smell her all over me.
Tez broke apart first. When I gazed in to her eyes again, they were lustful, needing me, desire overtaking her. My stomach started to flop, tying itself in knots. I knew what I wanted, which was to be with her, to make her happy. I didnt want to push her any farther than she felt comfortable with. 
Tez smiled and nodded and I knew she was okay with anything. I nodded in return.
Tez took my hands in hers. I followed as she led me to a place all too familiar. Our tree. She pulled me inside the hollowed out trunk. The space was small, like the back of a car. In my arms she peered up at me, smiling. She stood on her tip toes and locked lips with me. She had such a fire, such a hunger inside her. The way her mouth moved over mineI couldnt have helped myself even if I had wanted to. 
Tezs tongue slipped in, massaging mine. As I returned the gesture, her hands rested on my chest. Even though I was almost completely consumed by the kiss, I could still feel her hands trailing over my chest and abdomen. It sent shivers over my body, goose bumps surfacing. I broke apart as her lips trailed the line of my jaw.
With my eyes shut, I relished in the feeling, the way Tez touched me with just her fingertipsher soft lips pressing gently on my Adams apple. I didnt know where to begin with her. Then her hands pressed deep against my lower stomach over my muscles. I groaned. Tez giggled before starting another assault, this time her lips followed my collarbone. 
I tried to whisper something, to say anything to her. Tezs response was to grab a handful of my hair and pull my head back. Her tongue licked over my neck. I nearly exploded when she sucked on the skin just below my ear. I knew Tez was skilled when it came to kissing, but she had taken it to a whole new level.
Tez bent her knees so that her eyes were level with my chest. To my surprise, she took one of my nipples in her mouth. I gasped, my eyes shooting open as every nerve in my body zinged. Her other hand was the one to pay attention to. She fumbled with my belt, not an easy feat but managed to get it unhooked. She unzipped my pants and they fell to the ground.
Tez glanced up, the look a thief gives off when they steal something really good. She backed up a foot and pulled at the hem of her shirt. I watched, stunned, as her hoodie slid over her body. Perfectly round breasts came out, covered in a sexy sports bra. I reached out my hand, cupping one of her breast. She smiled. 
I wrapped my fingers in her hair and pulled her to me for another kiss. As our tongues intertwined I heard the sound of Tezs pants unzip and hit the dirt. I looked down at her body. So frail yet she did have small curves. The muscles she had gained in our training had really paid off. She looked strong but even more sexy. My mouth drooled to taste her. I wanted to run my hand over every inch of her, and explore her body.
Tez got down on her knees, pulling me with her. I sat on the ground, Tez getting onto my lap, straddling me. I took her mouth in mine again. Her hips wiggled above me and mine responded. I bucked against her, sending my erection against her core. She yelped then giggled. I held her cheek as I trailed kisses down her neck. With my other hand I reached under her bra, feeling her tight nipple in my palm. She helped me to remove her bra. After her breasts were free she slithered out of her panties. While doing so, I removed my boxers.
We sat in the hollow of the tree, naked, amazed with each others bodies. For once in my life I felt embarrassed, wondering if I had any imperfections. Tez didnt seem to mind. 
I got on my knees and moved over Tez. She stared up at me and I saw the expression I had always dreamt of seeing on her: pure happiness. A part of me wanted to think I could have also seen love, but I didnt want to push it. Right now, I just wanted to spend that moment with Tez, alone in the night, enjoying the feel of her body.
**
I glanced over at the sun as it peeked over the horizon. Blue and pink clouds danced in the sky. If I wanted this to be a romance novel I would have said the birds were singing, deer were frolicking and so forth. But no, it wasnt real. Tez was, curled up against my body, using my pants as a blanket. We had spent the night together, making love, exploring each other in every way we could have guessed.
No words could have been said how much I had enjoyed her, or how much I knew I loved her more.
Tez snuggled closer, murmuring something. I wrapped my arms around her warm body and kissed her head. She mumbled something, this time louder, and I looked down at her. Bright green eyes glazed with the morning horizon shined up at me. She smiled, kissed the center of my chest and stood.
I watched as she, in all her beautiful naturalness, got dressed. She tossed me my pants. I sat up, slid my boxers and pants over my hips. My weapon strap was next to me. I buckled it over my chest and sheathed Petra. Lastly, I placed my chest dagger in its pocket. When I stood, Tez smiled, such menace crossing her face.
What? I asked.
With her hands behind her back, she giggled, Nothing.
You have that glow. Like the sun was beneath her skin shining like an orb. She radiated happiness. Her body was relaxed, every muscles in a calm state.
You do this to me.
I walked closer to her. She swayed her hips as I moved, teasing me. When I was close enough to reach her, she took off running outside. I watched as her hair bounced with each step, blowing back from her face. She turned and I caught a glimpse of those dimples I had fallen in love with, those full lips smiling.
I had no choice but to run after her. How could I resist Tez? I couldnt, even with my cybernetic parts I wasnt strong enough to.
   
    




13
Tez had such speed that I found myself sweating just to keep up with her. She ran with such speed I almost couldnt keep up. She turned and looked back, eyes dancing with happiness. I laughed and tried to catch up with her.
Tez ran around a boulder that was easily twice her height. I lost sight of her for a few seconds before I rounded that same boulder. When I did, I ran in to Tez, knocking her to the ground. I landed on top of her body. I looked at her face, which was stone white, tears streaming down in floods. My brows furrowed as I tried to figure out what was wrong. Surely I couldnt have caused her that kind of pain, could I?
My gaze followed hers to a pool of blood on the ground. In the center was a man, bald, in the fetal position. His body was bruised so badly I could barely make out his ethnicity. He had cuts all over his head and an open gash near his ear. There was a major slash down his back so deep I saw his spine.
Tez crawled over to him, taking him in her arms. She ripped the sleeve of her hoodie and wiped the mans face. My jaw dropped as I made out Harold, Tezs fathers face. One of his eyes had been cut out. His other was shut but he was barely alive. The wincing showed how hard he was truly fighting death. He coughed, blood coming up. Tez wiped it from his mouth and kissed his forehead.
I stood, unsheathed Petra and scanned the area. It was quiet except for Tezs sobs. No sound of the ground being crunched beneath someones feet. No sound of branches being brushed by. Whoever had done this did so and moved on. In the Core we had been taught to smell the area. Most shampoos came in floral scents, so did body cleansers. I inhaled, but only caught the tinge of copper burning my nostrils. I peered at Tez from the corner of my eye. She was safe but we werent. My old instincts would have said Harold had been caught up in a fight with a Rebel Lexan, but this seemed human. Lexans didnt torture their victims. Humans did.
Harold coughed again. Teresa, youhave toleave.
Tez shook her head. I cant, Dad. 
You have to. Hesstillhere.
My grip tightened on Petra. I listened closer for any noises. Nothing. No scents. It was human though, I knew that. Rebels rarely called Lexans a certain sex.
Dad, well get you out of here. Hannibal, help me lift him, Tez said, her voiced raised and filled with tears.
Without turning to her, I answered. Leave him.
Hannibal, we cant. We got to get him back to the cave and help!
I met her gaze. She looked at me, her eyes widening. Without a word I told her it was too late for Harold. She shook her head and draped his arm over her shoulder. I ran over, helping to pick him up. What was I supposed to do? Moving him would only make it worse, yet I knew Tez wouldnt have left him behind. 
As we lifted Harold, he cried out. I took hold of him and laid him on his side. Tez tried protesting, but I pushed her back. Harold wouldnt live long. She knelt down next to her father, taking his hand in hers.
Hannibal, she started, Go get my First Aid kit.
I shook my head. Tez, Im sorry.
Fuck you. Hes going to make it!
Laughter filled the nook of the boulders we were in. I hope not. It took a great deal of trouble to get him down.
I looked up in the trees and saw Manson, holding his blood covered sword, sitting on a branch. No wonder I couldnt pick up his scent.
I stood, holding Petra out in front of me. Manson hopped down from his branch and laughed again. Hannibal, are you really trying to save a Rebel?
Why did you do this?
Harold mumbled something. I couldnt make out any words as blood filled his mouth. Tez cried out, I love you too, Dad.
He said something in a whisper.
Tez replied, barely audible, I wont forget.
I glanced back as Harolds body relaxed and shrugged to the ground. Tez laid over his chest, crying and screaming for him to stay. My heart ached. I didnt know what to do. Id spent so many years killing yet I never learned how to stop it. I blinked multiple times to hold back my own tears. Harold died because of me. Because of my dreams. 
Manson laughed again, harder, his entire body becoming a part of it.
Tez screamed and ran at him, charging shoulder first. I reached out to stop her. Her tiny wrist slipped through my grasp. I watched, everything moving slowly, as she came closer to him. In one quick move he stepped to the side enough for her to get next to him, grabbed a fistful of her hair and pulled her in front of him, like a human shield. I called out as Manson held his pocket dagger to her throat.
What was I supposed to do? The wrong move could have made him kill her, yet I couldnt stand by and watch. I tried to think of an option, anything, to get her out of there.
To my surprise Tez did as I taught her. She stomped his foot while slamming her fist in to his testicles. He grunted but didnt waver much. She fought, kicking and stomping with everything she had. Manson laughed until he had enough of it. Tez screamed when Manson pulled her head back so far she fell to her knees. He held his dagger at her throat again. She stilled, her eyes pleading with me to help her.
I held my hands up in a surrendering fashion, but kept Petras weight closer to my pinky finger so I could have whipped it around if need be. Manson watched me closely as I inched towards them. My goal was to get close enough toto what? I knew I didnt have a plan. I was willing to try anything, to do whatever it took to get Tez out of there. But Manson had proven himself mad by killing her father so brutally. 
Manson laughed. Hannibal, you know as well as I do that you have no negotiating skills. Stop where you are. He pressed his dagger against her throat. Time to play.
I did as he instructed. What do you want?
I told you before. I want you back at the Core, where you belong. This life youve chosen to live here, its all veiled from the truth.
What truth?
That we are superior. Nobody can challenge us. Those that seek rebellion die at our hands. The world wants everyone to believe they can protest and speak freely, but we know different. He jerked Tezs head down. People like her are not entitled to opinions. They should do as theyre told.
Tez cried out, Hannibal!
He laughed.
I answered her, Tez, its going to be okay.
Manson quieted. I wouldnt suggest making promises you cant keep. Life is going to be all right for you, Hannibal. But not this whore. I said once that shell make a fine addition to the Hotel. He pulled her by her hair to her feet. I cringed as he buried his face in her hair and smelled. Shes going to need a bath, but most Coremen like them dirty.
Shes staying here, I said, my voice deep, warning. 
Manson shook his head. Well be going now. I invite you to come along. But please wait a bit. 
I watched as Manson dug his swords blade across Tezs forearm. I leapt at him, Petra aimed at his eyes. Manson tossed Tez to the side as he spun. My eyes slammed shut as his sword connected with the almost healed wound in my side. I fell to the ground, face buried in the dirt. Trying to get up on my knees, I saw Manson grab Tez by the back of the neck and force her in front of him. He led her out of my view.
I tried to crawl after them. Digging my nails into the ground, I pulled myself along by every root, every blade of grass and weed. Sweat poured down my forehead as my injury started taking its toll. Everything became hazy, the world swirling and shifting around me. My eyes were heavy and I found it hard to focus. My arms gave out and I fell, my cheek slamming against a root. It didnt hurt. Nothing could have beaten the pain in my side. 
I peeked my eyes open and saw blood next to me. 
I had failed. I had sworn to protect Tez and she was gone. Manson took her and God only knew what he had planned for her. Images flashed in my head of her at the Hotel. She wouldnt have allowed herself to become that. She would have fought until they killed her. Knowing Manson, he would have taken joy either way. And all to get me back. 
Why couldnt he accept that I was no longer a part of that? That I had given up hatred and death in the name of peace? Manson lived by the blade, but I couldnt. Not anymore. Life had changed for me.
Everything was turning black. As I was about to give in to darkness, I felt something under me. The hard rock moved and I was lifted from the ground. My body nearly exploded with pain and I opened my eyes. Staring back at me was a Lexan. It dug its knife into my side and pulled something out. It was clear. I watched as it smoothed a watery substance over the blade before pushing it back into me. 
I was amazed when it didnt hurt. It actually feltgood. Rebel technology wasnt as good but he had used some kind of medicine. My eyes widened and I jumped up. When I peered down at my side it was completely healed. Only a small scar remained. 
I looked over the Lexan. It was the normal size, about eight feet tall. It was covered in rock-like skin, lumpy and dark brown. Hardened sand came to mind. Staring back at me were its green eyes. Not green like Tezs but lime green, glowing even in the day. Its mouth, which was in the middle of its face, was open.
I watched as it stood. Behind it were two other Lexans almost identical to the first. 
I stood. Thank you.
It nodded.
I had to ask, Why did you help me? A Coreman?
When it spoke its voice was deep, almost hard to understand. Core evil. You not Core. You a Rebel now.
I didnt know what to say. 
It continued, Me, Im Dook. I go with you.
I smiled. The Core is a dangerous place. One look at us and were dead.
It tried to shrug but with its heavy skin it was unable to.
Im Hannibal.
It tried to hold its hand out to shake mine. I smiled and slapped its side, a gesture most Lexans had come to know as peace. Dook nodded and so did its comrades. I walked over and picked Petra up. After wiping its blade I sheathed it. 
I turned to the Lexans and gestured for them to follow me.
As we ran through the forest, our feet like the wind over the grass, I prayed Tez was all right. She wouldnt have listened to a single word Manson said, which worried me. Would he have kept her alive until I came? Or would he have killed her? I wanted to cry out to her, to tell her I was coming. I wanted to swear by my blade to destroy Manson for what he had done to her. 
Tez and I were beginning our lives together and I wouldnt give that up. Not for anything. I had to tell her I loved her, that I wouldnt be able to sleep another night if she wasnt in my arms.
I would get the chance to tell her. I promised myself that I would save her or die before she did. Nothing could stop me.
The three Lexans and I stopped as we saw the Core on the horizon. The sun was setting, casting beautiful pink and orange shadows over the black building. The Core played mind games even from the outside. Fuck it. I was done with them all.
I looked back at the Lexans. They nodded and tried to give thumbs up. I smiled to them. I knew I wouldnt be able to break in without them. Funny, how enemies could become friends. I guess that saying The enemy of my enemy is my friend truly applied here.
As the stars began to twinkle above, my gaze narrowed on the easiest way into the Core.




14
I slipped inside the metal panel with ease. It was the Lexans that had trouble. I didnt care. My goal was to get to Tez, wherever she was, and get her out. I knew the Lexans had other plans. Taking the Core without notice would cause plenty of damage and death. I hoped the best for them.
I looked over the security cameras. Few had been replaced, most hadnt. I ran back to the metal panel and to Dook. 
I whispered to him, Security isnt as tight. Stay close to the wall on the west side and youll blend in.
He nodded.
For a second I saw him trying to pry open the panel farther, but I didnt help. They had things under control. Our arrangement wasnt exactly friendly. A means to an end. If luck hit me right, all the chaos would have been on those guys, giving me plenty of room to grab Tez and get out. I wasnt sure if Id run in to Manson. He was another problem for another day. I had a bigger concern.
Mansons words haunted me as I ran down the halls. He thought shed make a good addiction to the Hotel. Is that where she is now? Or has Manson taken her to his private quarters, knowing Id be right behind him? Or worse, was she with the head of the Core? They could have been waiting for me. I was a traitor, I abandoned them and killed men for my escape. My head on the chopping block was exactly what the Core would have wanted.
I prayed Manson hadnt taken her there. It would have been all but impossible to get myself out, much less the both of us, alive. 
The Head of the Core were a group of older men, ones that enjoyed slaughter decades before the aliens from Lexa showed up. They had been mercenaries and the Core was just an excuse to do business out in the open. They lived and I was sure would have died to see the end of peace. Personally, I had never met them, only heard stories. Manson told me that a man that allowed a Rebel to live was skinned alive then burned. The story made me shudder even now. If Tez was with them
The Hotel was first in the hall. I crept up to the entrance. Hiding in the shadows, I saw a man emerge. Manson. His face glowed in the darkness, the sure sign that he had just had a taste of a woman. Fear surged through me as echoes of Tezs cries filled my head.
I took a step out, planning to grab Manson and demand to know what he had done with Tez. I reached for him but then heard the sound of the Madam yelling at one of the girls. She called the girl Harmony. Odd. It may have been that I didnt frequent the Hotel enough, but the name wasnt familiar. Whenever a new girl was brought in, the men all fought to be the first to try her.
Manson. His glowing face walked away from me. Had he been the first? Was Harmony really Tez?
I pulled back the black curtain and walked in.
The Madam stood at the long end of the hall. She was pushing a girl inside a room. I watched as the Madam was slapped and the girl ran out. Tez. So she was here. I wanted to run, to grab her and take her in my arms, never letting go. Before she saw me the Madam grabbed her by the hair and slapped her back. Tezs face turned deep purple almost instantly.
When the Madam moved her hand back, she had brass knuckles and a palm cover over her hand. No wonder it had caused so much damage. I reached back and felt the hilt of Petra. That woman had just sentenced herself to death. No one put a finger on my love and lived to tell about it.
The question became how was I going to kill her? If she screamed it would have alerted others of my presence. Even though the desire to slit her throat so deep her neck broke in two overcame me, I had to play it cool. I released the hilt and stood, watching.
Tez came out of a room wearing only a black lace bra and leather skirt. She had red leather boots that reached her knees and must have had six-inch heels. Disgusting. Why men thought that look was appealing baffled me. Tez wobbled in the boots, trying to take each step as light as possible. Her ankle gave out and she fell.
Cant you do anything? the Madam yelled at her.
She picked Tez up under her armpits and slapped her again. The skin of Tezs cheek broke and droplets of blood ran down. I gritted my teeth and clenched my hands, forcing myself with every will in my body to stick to some kind of plan or wed all have been dead. 
The Madam grabbed Tez by the hand and led her into another room. I knew that room. It was the red lit room I had been in not so long ago, the one that I had walked out of. The Madam patted Tezs butt and pushed her inside.
I inhaled deeply. This was my only chance.
For Tezs life.
The Madam turned as I walked up to her. She smiled and took off her brass knuckles. I watched as she placed them under the check-in desk. She smiled again, this time I wanted to slap that disgusting look off her face.
Why, I havent seen you in a long time, Sugar. Not since that mishap a month ago, the Madam said, her voice trying to sound sultry.
I nodded. Work. Murder. Takes a toll on a guy. But I think the best medicine is sex. I tried to sound casual, confident, and horny.
Madam laughed. Fake. Well, youve come to the right place. Bethany was just checked and has lost ten pounds. I can see her ribs now. Shes so sexy.
I had done my own faking. Sounds great. Is she ready?
The Madam nodded. Let me make sure. You stay here for only a moment.
The Madam walked away. I silently prayed Bethany was in the room across from Tez. She grabbed some sex toys, a flogger and massage oils from the hall closet, and walked to the end of the hall. I almost leapt for joy when she went in the room right next to where Tez was.
I knew my game. Go in, kill Bethany then the Madam and get Tez.
Simple enough.
The Madam came, grabbed my hand in a way that was supposed to turn me on. I tried to fight back a shiver. Her palm was cold, clammy, probably from those brass knuckles. 
She led me to the room she had taken the items. I walked in and was assaulted with the scents of lavender and peaches. Someone really tried to make this sexy. She took me to a chair and sat me down. The Madam draped a thin mesh veil over my face. After she did so, she started unbuckling Petra. At first I grabbed her wrist. When her face read stern and forceful, I remembered that I had some acting to do. 
To distract her, I took the veil off and dropped in on the ground. When she bent over to pick it up I pulled my chest dagger from its pocket and slid in underneath my thigh for later. The Madam stood and re-draped the veil. She turned in time to see a young girl with dark skin and a very tiny waist walk out in belly dancing clothes.
The girl stood before me. Her hips swayed to music I heard lightly in the background. I was fascinated with the way she seemed to be able to unhinge her hip bone. I wondered if that part of her was cybernetic. Or did she have that kind of body control? Either way, she slowly came closer to me. Her breasts wiggled as she picked up the pace with the music. Her hand touched my cheek before removing the veil. A finger trailed my cheekbone as she carefully traced my skin.
I was bored. My dagger under my leg itched for me to pull it out and stab this girl in-between her eyes. She made a mockery of what a woman was supposed to be like. Then it hit me: Tez made me view things in a new way. Women werent whores to be used. They were strong beings that should have gotten the choice to work in the Hotel.
I looked up at Bethany and her eyes were almost sad. I could tell she really didnt want to do this. I decided to spare her life.
The Madam smiled next to me and patted my shoulder. You kids have fun. And Coreman, remember no branding.
I grabbed her arm as she started to leave. She turned, fear in her eyes. I rubbed small circles over the inside of her palm. My touch was light but in the sensitive spot I had come to learn women loved. She bent her head back, mouth open and moaned. With the flick of my wrist I pulled her onto my lap. She gazed at me, confused.
I smirked. Id like to have two of you.
Her eyes darkened as lust took over. I could get you another girl
No. Ive had my eye on you for some time. These, I said, my hand grabbing her breast, are perfect.
Far from it. I could have almost felt the implant as I squeezed. She was as fake as I first analyzed. I wanted to kick her off me, but I couldnt. She stood between me and Tezs freedom. I hoped Tez was all right. In a few moments, I would be with her.
The Madam placed her hands on my chest. She turned and nodded to Bethany. The other girl sat next to me. Each ran their hands over different muscles in my arms and chest. The Madam was the first to kiss me. She sucked on the crook of my neck. I closed my eyes and prayed. I tried to reach for my dagger, to grab the weapon that would kill this bitch, but Bethanys leg was too close. 
I placed an arm around Bethanys waist and pulled her on top of me. Both she and the Madam were on my lap, each sitting on one of my legs. Once it was free, I touched the hilt of my dagger and waited until the Madam moved just right so I could have slipped the blade into her. 
It was all starting to work when the Madam pushed me down so I was laying. She moved to sit on my abdomen. She murmured something and I felt Bethany unhook my belt. Shit. Not good. The Madam smashed her breasts against my chest, obviously trying to tease me. Bethany had my pants down in moments and I knew it was now or never. As the Madam sat up to unhook her top, I jabbed my dagger into her chest, in-between those fake breasts. Her breath hitched and she looked down, fear and surprise filling her expression. Blood ran down her torso and onto my stomach. I twisted the hilt and she gasped before falling backwards.
I stood and watched as Bethanys expression turned to ice as the Madam laid on the ground, blood covering the floor. I pulled my pants back up and buckled them. Bethany looked up at me, tears flowing down her face.
I said to her, Keep quiet and youll live.
It fell on deaf ears. She stood, her knees covered in blood and started running out the door. I chased after her and wrapped my arms around her waist. She kicked against me, crying out for someone to help. I covered her mouth with my hand. I didnt know why she couldnt have just listened to me. She had to make it difficult on herself. Bethany bit into my hand. Without a thought I shoved my dagger into her right temple. Her face went blank and I dropped her lifeless body on the floor.
I put the strap for Petra back on. After wiping my dagger off on the discarded veil, I sheathed it.
I opened the door and peered out. The hall was empty but I heard the sound of people fighting.
It was in the room next to me.
I walked over and when I opened that door, I saw a man trying to lift Tezs skirt. She was repeatedly punching him. It wasnt fazing him. He kept the same stupid grin on his face while grabbing at her.
I unsheathed Petra and moved to stand in front of the man. I spun and in one move removed his head. It fell, almost bouncing like a basketball. Tez turned, her eyes wide with fear. When she saw me she collapsed in my arms, holding tightly onto my body. I kissed her forehead and looked her over. Other than being ruffled and messy, Tez was in good condition. I removed my dagger and handed it to her. I was impressed when she hadnt asked why I gave it to her. She nodded and held it the way I had shown her to.
Lets get out of here, we said at the same time.
Tez stayed close to me as we made our way out of the Hotel. In the halls were two Coremen running in the direction I had come from. Shit. Damn Lexans got caught, I figured. I pushed Tez close to the wall to avoid the cameras. We walked down the hall, occasionally being passed by new recruits. They didnt pay any attention to us. I was Core and in uniform. They were too young and inexperienced to wonder why I was with a Hotel girl and covered in blood.
We arrived at the metal panel I had slipped in through. Down the hall were the Lexans, each fighting a different man. They were mostly the recruits so the weapons werent strong enough to pierce Lexan skin. Dook and its men were making easy work of them. I waited for a fraction of a second, hoping to get Dooks attention. It didnt work. I lifted the panel and Tez slipped out. After making one last check and saying a prayer for Dook, I too slipped out of the Core.




15
The forest was alive with the sound of Coremen running back as their headquarters were being taken over. The sight of them running through the trees, swords blazing and their yells echoing made me smile in pleasure. Who would have thought I, along with a small group of Lexans, wouldve had this power?
Tez and I huddled close to a thick tree trunk while a group ran past. She held her breath I noticed. Cute. I wouldnt have placed her being this strong, yet the true innocence came out. 
While we stood, I scanned her body. Her arm had been bandaged from where Manson cut her. She had some bruises on her other arm but only mild ones. Her face had just the cut from the Madam. A part of me wanted to sigh in relief except I didnt know how deep the injuries went. The image of Manson and his smug grin coming out of the Hotel replayed in my mind, stamping its nastiness in my memory. I had to ask even though I wasnt sure I could have handled the truth. I inhaled deeply, hoping for the best. As I parted my lips, some kind of bomb went off. A Rebel Lexan bomb. So Dook had been more prepared than I thought. Smart guy. 
I grabbed Tez as an explosion shook the earth near us. We ran through the brush, leaping over tree branches and roots, trying to keep our footing. Tez fell to her knees as another shock hit. I put her arm over my shoulder and helped her run. We were moving slow, but I didnt mind. I wanted her to be as comfortable as possible. My mind replayed the question I had so badly wanted to ask but was afraid to. Another bomb went off, this one close, and we both fell.
I got up first and checked Tez. She had scraped her knee and was bleeding. It wasnt bad, nothing that would have needed stitches, but I worried. Looking around, I knew we were close to her cavern. Odd. The bombs seemed to be following us. Was Dook still at the epicenter? If so, was it on its way back to the cave? I hoped not. I hoped Dook was smarter than that. Tez mumbled something and I looked at her as dirt swept across her face. Her eyes widened and she screamed. I turned, looking behind me. Manson.
He stood, proud with his shoulders back, smiling as we laid in the dirt. I got up and away from Tez. This was the fight that had played through my mind hundreds of times, each with hundreds of scenarios, each ending in my death.
I wasnt stupid. Manson was a stronger fighter than me. When he took Tez he won, and when he first came to the cavern, even when we sparred Manson always came out on top. I cringed to think of how weak I could have been and how strong I wanted to become, but not in enough time. I should have trained myself along with Tez over the past month. I could have done more strength training or eveneven nothing. It was what it was and I had to try. Not only was my life hanging but so was Tezs. I couldnt let her down.
I unsheathed Petra. Why are you doing this?
Manson took a step closer to me. I explained already. You belong in the Core. You belong killing those who oppose peace.
Who are we to decide what peace is?
He took another step. We decide how Rebels are killed and thats all. Rebels decide to die the moment they stand against us. We are merely handing them their last rights.
I shook my head. Youre fucking insane!
Call it what you will, but Im not the one running through the forest with my life on the line. His voice was so calm, as if he were talking to a friend on a picnic. There was almost a hint of joy in it. No remorse, no fear. 
When had I become a Rebel to him?
Manson laughed. You know, seeing how your eyes get wider with each word I say does give me some power. You know you cant win. He held up his sword and pointed the blade at Tez. Kill her, come back to the Core and everything will be all right.
My voice held no hesitation. No.
Then death.
I watched as he took a half a dozen steps closer to me. When he stopped, Manson was only six feet in front of me. I bent my knees and took the stance, possibly my last one. I was ready. Life would have been meaningless if I continued on my previous path. The life Tez had carved out for me was beautiful and filled with happiness. I wasnt going to give that up.
Manson nodded his head to Tez. I hoped youve enjoyed her. I certainly did.
I gritted my teeth, fighting back every ounce of hatred and anger. If I was stupid enough to go right at him, he would have killed me almost instantly. No, I had to be smart and protect Tez. I was prepared to do so. For her.
Manson laughed. Hiding it all back?
I shook my head. Waiting.
For what?
Your head to roll.
As the last of my words exited my mouth I swung. Manson caught Petra with his own. I pressed down, trying to get my blade to reach his face. He kicked me in the shin and I staggered. Manson made a jabbing motion at my mid-section. I leapt from side to side dodging his attacks. He moved with such skill and speed that I was quickly out of breath. He stopped and shook his head in disappointment. 
I slammed Petra down on his scalp. I smiled for an instant until I saw that I was unable to cut through the metal plate in his head. When had he upgraded it? It was never that strong before. I jumped back as a trickle of blood ran over Mansons eyes and dripped onto his chest. He didnt wipe it away or make any indication that it had even caused him any pain. Shit. Possibly my one shot and I blew it.
Manson ran at me, swinging his blade. I deflected it numerous times before it connected with my left shoulder. I winced and moved back, covering the deep wound. When I pulled my hand away it was soaked in blood. Blood also ran down my torso. 
My body told me to fall, but I couldnt. I watched with narrowed eyes as Manson flicked the blood from his sword and took a step closer to me.
Ready to die? he asked.
Using my sword for assistance, I stood, my body screaming for me to stop. I looked back at Tez. She clutched her chest as tears streamed down her cheeks. I saw the pain in her eyes as she witnessed Mansons assault. She wanted to do something, I could tell, but whatHer hands. She still held the dagger I gave her. 
I narrowed my eyes on her hands. At first she looked confused then it hit. She knew. I smiled at her and winked. It was going to be all or nothing.
I asked you a question, traitor, Manson yelled, his voice husky.
I looked at him over my bloody shoulder. Are you ready for Hell?
His brows furrowed. Tez tossed me the dagger and in one smooth move I caught it and threw it. It connected with Mansons eye. He stood as blood began to run down his face, his other eye widening in shock. His hands made motions to reach the dagger, but he was dying instead. My breathing was harsh as I fell to my knees. Seconds later Mansons lifeless body hit the ground.
I crawled over to him. Mansons breathing was light. With his good eye he peered up at me. A single tear rolled down his face. 
Im sorry, I whispered.
Im not. Manson showed no sign of emotion. Still no regret or pain. I took his hand in mine until his eyes closed and his chest stopped moving. 
Tez gazed at me. I grabbed my shoulder as the pain flooded through me. She ran over and helped me up.
We need to get you to the cavern, Tez said.
I nodded. That was the last thing I was going to disagree with.
**
What are you going to do now? Tez asked hours later.
I watched as she carefully threaded the stitching hook. She poured alcohol over the cut in my shoulder. I wanted to cry out but held back. Nothing like the girl you love seeing your weaker moments. Tez bit her lip when she saw my initial reaction. I grunted and nodded for her to continue.
Im not sure, I said, my voice weak.
Will the Core be looking for you?
No, a deep voice said from behind us.
I turned and saw Dook and its men standing, a bit bloody but otherwise in great shape. On the way back to the cave Tez and I noticed the sounds of the bombs stopping. They slowly died off until nothing. In the early morning light they were beautiful to see, but I was glad it was over.
Tez asked Dook, What do you mean.
We claimed his life. Our handsfake blood on them. Core think we kill Hannibal.
Her eyes widened. Are you serious? Tez nearly jumped up in to Dooks arms. She smiled and laughed, tears rolling down her face. I couldnt have hidden my own happiness. If the Core thought I was dead and Manson wasnt around to say otherwise, I wasI was free.
Dook patted Tezs back. He winced and I saw his chest had a layer or three of thick skin blown off and cut through. Its men were also injured, but all of us were alive.
Dook said to me, We go get medicine. Dook no like stitches.
I smiled and watched as he ran in to the deep forest. Hed be back and I would be healed. Things had fallen into place.
Tez sat on her heels and peered up at me. 
I exhaled the breath I held for too long, asking her, Is what Manson said true?
She shook her head, confused. About what?
Did he?
She smiled. No. He was an asshole and hit me, but when we got to the Hotel he told that Madam lady to clean me up first. That Id have company. Nobody touched me.
Never before in my life had my body relaxed so much. Every ounce of fear and hatred left me in an instant. I placed my hand on the back of Tezs neck and pulled her in for a kiss. When we touched, a small spark hit between us and we pulled away. 
It didnt matter to me. I was with her, Tez was safe and the Core wouldnt be on my ass anymore. I could start a new life, a better life, and be free to do as I wished.
First things first. Tez, you just asked me what I would do.
She smiled. Yes.
I have three things planned. First, Im not moving an inch until Dook gets back with his medicine. My shoulder feels like its about to rip off. I took her chin in-between my fingers. Second, Im going to tell you that I love you with everything Ive ever been. Youre the greatest gift this world has ever given me.
Tears welled up in her eyes. Hannibal, I-
I rolled over from my back onto one knee. And third, I have a question to ask you
  




Epilogue
Peering out over the horizon, I watched as every color of the morning danced in the sky. I couldnt have picked out my favorite. Each hue was like magic to my eyes, exploding crayons to my retinas. I exhaled, a feat that had been difficult all morning. In truth, ever since that day that I broke into the Core and saved Tez, breathing had been harder. That was six months ago. Six months of my nerves being on edge. Six months of liberating hundreds of Rebels, both human and Lexan alike.
Dook offered to help Tez and I show all Rebels that there were bad on both sides, but we had common needs. The humans helped the Lexans learn about art. They loved painting. Lexans continued their medical research, curing the common cold. The flu was next on their list. The world watched as new diseases came into existence and Lexans cured them. Earth had become a better place.
None of that mattered to me. Our cave had expanded with people until we created a new town. It was Tezs dream to unite others. At some point she had forgiven the Lexans and Core for her mothers death. Now, she wanted to bring the joy that her mother had. Tez spent her days with children, teaching them how every creature was special. I didnt understand most of it, but the kids loved her. She had a desk drawer at our new house filled with pictures drawn for her. 
Hate was the common enemy and slowly all Rebels were learning that their lives were more miserable living with it. Some of the older ones chose not to follow us, but we had a nice group coming to live. The Lexans were registered as citizens and humans were updated. The government wasnt up anyones asses about fights. As long as we brought peace, the United Nations were fine with Tez speaking up.
I had to stay in the shadows. Still being a wanted man and listed as killed in action, I disguised myself and attended each one of Tezs speeches. I was her personal bodyguard to the smaller, non-televised ones.
Our relationship couldnt have been stronger. Even though she was busy, Tez took time out of her day to walk with me. We still trained and I had given her a sword. Of course hers wasnt as badass as Petra, but it managed. She wrapped the hilt in green, Harolds favorite color. When Tez had the Rebels, both human and alien, work on building us a house, I was worried. The fighting between them could have interfered and killed us, but Tez knew better. The house we still lived in and had it painted by the Lexan children. One room looked like a desert planet. They called it the Lexa room. Tez used it to teach human children.
The sun was in the sky, warming the snow covered ground. The slight breeze in the air was cool. I shivered and exhaled again. Why I kept holding my breath was a mystery. Today was a day I had been waiting for since I asked Tez to marry me. 
I turned at the sound of a voice clearing. It was Dook. He stood, covered in animal fur, with two rocks and a knife. Since I was dead we couldnt have an official wedding. Dook offered to marry us in traditional Lexan form. As long as I was with Tez, it was fine by me.
Dook stood under a gazebo covered in grape veins. I walked up to him and stood, my knees shaking so much I wondered if I would have been able to stand the entire ceremony. I looked down at my black jacket, focusing on the buttons. Anything that would have pulled my attention was a blessing.
A woman, one Tez had converted from a Rebel started playing her violin next to us. I peered down the grass and saw Tez. Words couldnt have explained how I felt. She lookedlike my own touch of heaven. Her ice blue dress was long, trailing behind her over the snow. It had long sleeves that hooked around her middle finger. It came down to an asymmetrical point above her left breast. Beads made an unbelievably gorgeous flower pattern that was thicker around her bodice and traveled to almost no design at the hem. Her hair had been straightened and was tucked back with a golden headband. She radiated beauty and grace. 
I watched as Tez floated above the snow.
When she stood next to me, Tez gave her hand to Dook. He took mine as well. Laying her hand in mine, Dook took the knife and jammed it through our palms. I winced as pain shot through my body, but I didnt show any weakness. Neither did Tez. Her face was stoic, filled with love and innocence as Dook poured a liquid over our connected hand. I was told it was their version of Holy Water.
Dook murmured some words in the language of Lexa. I noticed Tezs eyes started to well up. As a tear rolled down her cheek I wiped it away with my index finger. She smiled. 
Words escaped me. How could I have explained my feelings? Of all the languages in the universe, not one had the right word for me. So I decided to keep it simple. When Dook was done praying and looked to me, I whispered, I love you.
Tezs face became somber. Another tear made its way down her cheek. She answered me without hesitation, I love you.
With that, Dook poured more of the liquid over our hands. He said one last prayer and removed the knife.
I hated that we had to be married in secret. I wanted Tez to have everything she had ever dreamt of. But deep down I knew she felt the same way I did. As long as we were together that was all that mattered.
After the Lexan cream was rubbed on our hands and we healed, Dook informed us that some of the converted Rebels had a party planned. None knew it was a wedding reception, but just a simple December party. 
Tez shivered and I wrapped my coat around her arms. She smiled up at me. I bent down and placed my lips against hers. It was odd to me that it didnt matter how many times we kissed she was still like electricity through me. When we pulled away I gave her a white gold ring with a single blue stone. Tez kissed me again, quick but full of passion.
Dook called us over to the path that lead to the party. I took Tezs hand in mine.
Looking out over the beautiful sunshine covered landscape, I no longer had blood on my hands, but the promise of an unspeakably beautiful future with the one I loved. 
Enjoy reading about Tez and Hannibal? There are always more adventures. Check out Erikas website at www.erikabooks.webs.com for news on upcoming releases, what shes currently working on, and whats out for the world to read.


I hope you enjoyed this story. Ive always wanted to write about a swordsman since I saw so much anime and they all have swords. Hannibal took on a life of his own. He surprised me a lot. Tez did too. She refused to be just a love interest. The wedding actually took me off guard. I wasnt planning on taking it that far but these guys demanded it. 


Thank you for reading!
-Erika Lindsen

Coming June 2014
Heavens Breath
Sixteen years ago, aliens made contact with Earth, offering technology and cures for diseases in exchange for water. The world watched as peace was made, seventy billion miles brought together.

A group of mercenaries called the Core were tasked with eliminating those that opposed peace. Five years ago, Hannibal left the Core, wanting a life away from murder. He married Tez and they have been living happily since then. In order to hide what hes done, Hannibal must wear a disguise and change his name. Now a bodyguard as Tez works the political front in the name of unity, Hannibal has trouble hiding who he is, and what he does. Anyone who looks at his wife meets his blade, no questions asked.

When a mysterious man shows up, knowing who Hannibal really is, he has to fight to keep his secret. But this cloaked man knows more than his identity, and promises to kill Hannibal because of his past. Battling for his life is easy, but the mystery man is more than he appears, and going head-to-head will end in Hannibals demise, no matter the victor.
 
