Rekindling
By S.S. Brown
Copyright 2013 S.S. Brown
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author 
Chapter 1
April 10th, 1912
My eyes snapped open and lingered on the mahogany poster of the bed as I took a deep breath, trying to find a bit of peace before todays mayhem began.
Miss Ophelia, Miss Ophelia! I glanced at the door to find Gertrude barging into my room as if reading my mind. She was on the verge of panic, clutching some last minute clothes in need of packing.
Have you seen your traveling suit? I put on my silk robe and trailed over to the wardrobe room, where a large pile of trunks rested in the center.
Shouldnt I be asking you that question? I teased the old maid, watching as her face pinked. Gertrude tended to forget many things that her job demanded, but I knew it was probably due to her old age.
Oh, Alright. I relented. Its in the top right trunk at the very top, you cant miss it. The older woman sighed with relief and the color returned to her face as she pulled out the navy suit from the leather case, checking it for wrinkles.
Im surprised to see you awake so early, She commented, her sunny disposition present even in her voice. 
Well, it was hard to sleep with all the staff bustling around. I replied, choosing some light fruit from the large platter of food that was placed on my bed. Gertrude had been helpful enough to sneak in a copy of the newspaper as well. The energy as she paced in and out of my bedroom was almost palpable.
Your Mother needed everything needed to be perfect. Its a very exciting day. Are you looking forward to your trip? The curiosity was evident in her tone.
Of course. Traveling on the Titanic doesnt happen every day. But I would prefer to stay here. From the corner of my eye I saw Gertrude nod in understanding.
"Its difficult to leave a place where one truly matures, like you did." She agreed. While she continued to pull garments from my wardrobe, I picked out a dress for the day. It was a new design: a bit more fitted than I would usually opt for, but very modest. It was flattering for the figure, but not vulgar.
"I miss America. I admitted. Mother is more than happy to go back home. Now that Im engaged to Stanley, she feels its time to return. But Ive grown rather fond of England." I admitted quietly. There is nothing wrong with the Unites States, but it felt disturbing to leave the place where Id finally grown into myselfit felt as if I was leaving behind unfinished business. Just then, one of the younger maids, Gwen, walked into the room holding up a freshly laundered corset. Oh no.
"Time to get dressed, miss!" She grinned, gleefully taking joy in the masochist misery of the upper class.
***
I tried to breathe without fidgeting, the boning of the corset nearly crushing my ribs. Gwen argued that such a fitting dress would look best if my corset was tighter, and I was dumb enough to listen to her.
 A first-class lady needs to look her status, and that meant cinching up my waist so much I could hardly breathe. My clothes had been starched and pressed so much that it felt stiff against my body. I was also wearing a large, wide-brim hat that featured an annoying feather that kept bobbing near my face. Hats were all the rage lately: the more bizarre, the better. My mother glanced at me then and I froze, not wanting to be openly reprimanded in the automobile for fidgeting so much. I tried to remove the annoyed look from my face as Stanley (my betrothed) discussed business with Uncle Carlton.
"...Then he turned down the merger!" He sputtered. Stanley was so exasperated that his usually fair faced turned an odd shade of puce. He's the son of a baron, with a keen interest in law and economics. I liked him well enough, but I never loved him.
Uncle Carlton became agitated anytime I butted into masculine topics, so I ignored their prattling. Dont get me wrong, I loved a good challenge, but today I didnt have the strength to debate with him on matters of gender.
You seem rather subdued today, Mother commented quietly, so as to not alert the men of our conversation. I hope youre not planning to try something. She added cautiously. If there was anyone who knew of by stubborn attitude, it was my mom.
Im not. I replied hoarsely. My voice was weak, but it rang with finality. There was something about knowing Id never be in England again that made me melancholic.
The automobile came to a practiced stop and the door was swiftly opened, revealing the driver holding out a gloved hand. A waft of sea breeze made my heart speed up a little. There was something about the salty air that made excitement surge through me, but I couldnt put my finger on it.
Mlady? I was helped down and waited for mother to join me. We were jostled around by the hordes of people that had come to see the ship off.
The Titanic was magnificent. When I first caught a glance of it, I almost gasped. It felt like I was staring at a giant mountain. The only difference was that it didnt look dangerous or uncivilized: the Titanic was grand. It was painted simply, but in a very elegant manner, and featured large smokestacks painted in a bright red color.
Mother beheld the ship with wonder, like the hundreds of people surrounding us. There was a little buzz of energy, a feeling of wonder. Everyone looked at the ship and questioned if such a masterpiece could be made by human hands. 
Its amazing. Mother said breathlessly, her mouth gaping slightly in astonishment. Coming from the woman who hadnt even flinched at my behemoth engagement ring, this was saying a lot.
Were a bit early, Uncle Carlton came up behind us, clutching todays newspaper in his hand. But itll give us more time to settle in at our leisure. I saw Mother nodding solemnly, her chestnut hair peeking out from under her large, elaborate hat.
Well be sure to avoid the steerage scum. I gaped and almost admonished her, but knew it was probably for show. Mother walked ahead of me perched on the crook of my Uncles arm and Stanley appeared beside me and took my hand wordlessly.
Walking the gangplank into the ship felt like a fashion display. The first-class passengers were dressed to impress, and they werent holding back, I thought wryly. Once we entered the ship I caught a glimpse of a grand staircase. It was stunning, made up of carefully carved wood that gleamed in soft light entering from a large dome standing above it. I would make sure to explore it later. We were then escorted by a steward to our cabins and had our luggage delivered accordingly.
Would you like some tea, miss? I looked up with a start to find a stewardess holding a tray with steaming tea and truffles. I accepted the tea gingerly, but turned down the snacks, instead choosing to observe as all of our trunks were unpacked in our cabin.
Dont interchange our trunks! Mother shrilled from the adjacent room, making me contain the urge to cringe. Instead of embarrassing her in front of the staff I trailed to the window, which had been open to let in sunlight and fresh air. A smile erupted on my face as I saw all of the people waving us off. I know they werent waving at us in particular, but it was still good fun. I fought the urge to run off to A-deck and wave back as my mother approached me.
I think we should go to the deck for the departure. I told her tentatively, giving her a fleeting glance. She joined me at the window with practiced indifference.
Do you? How bourgeoisie of you. She replied dismissively, avoiding anything that would question our status. Mother often compared the upper class to a gentlemans club: standing out just once could get you rejected for the rest of your life.
From the corner of my eye, I managed to see some first class passengers still boarding the ship. The color drained from my face as I focused on a familiar mop of brown hair. I observed him intensely for heart stopping seconds, until there was no doubt in my mind.
He was here.
Chapter 2
Henry was on the ship, too.
I closed the window a bit harsher than I intended, although in retrospect it was more of a slam. I stared at my mothers startled face and grinned (unconvincingly).
On second thought, staying here sounds like a better idea.
Good girl. Mothers frail hand caressed the top of my head as if she was petting an old dog. She addressed me thoughtfully before speaking, her silvery blue eyes glimmering in the glowing sunlight emerging from the windows. 
Since youve been so well-behaved today, I will permit a stroll on deck as soon as it is cleared. She announced pleasantly, her hands gesturing to emphasize her generosity.
I was suddenly seized with the fear of running into him, into Henry. If I went out on deck now, there would be a large chance that he would still be settling into his cabin, which meant I wouldnt run into him. Suddenly the idea sounded marvelous.
That sounds perfect, Mother. Thank you. She smiled indulgently before trailing off into her adjacent bedroom, already wondering what she would wear to dinner.
***
The polished wood of the promenade deck clacked under my shoes as I walked on it alongside Mother. The mild temperatures had held up, letting us actually enjoy some sea breeze: it wasnt too hot or cold.
Oh look, there are the Allisons. Mother said lowly, gesturing to the other side of the wide deck where the Allisons stood with their two children. Would you like to greet them with me? I shook my head weakly, not in the state of mind to entertain anyone with Henry still swirling through my mind.
Wait here, then. She instructed, striding off the meet the young family with a placid smile.
In a couple of years I would be in their exact position: married with a couple of kids. And while her children inspired nothing but tenderness, it was difficult to imagine a future with someone whom I didnt love. I never really put much thought into my engagement to Stanley, because at the end of the day I had no say over it. My uncle was the one who secured our compromise, and at the time I didnt care much for anything but nursing my broken heart.
Ophelia? I turned with a start, smiling widely when I saw Annabelle standing behind me. Her long blond hair was glowing like a halo on her head, and her dazzling blue eyes were sparkling in the suns rays.
Annabelle! Her fair arms encircled me in a hug, and then reached up quickly to secure her wavering hat atop her head.
I havent spoken to you in months! I frowned, holding her at arms length for an inspection. Her dress was very modest, slightly hindered by the shawl wrapped around her upper arms.
Sorry. I meant to write, but...you know how my father can get. She said quietly.
Annabelles mother died after childbirth and ever since both her older brother and father seem to hold it against her. They tended to give her a hard time over everything. To be frank, Ive always hated them. And as much as Ive tried to convince Anna of leaving, she has no other family to run to, and uncle Carlton would never help me hide a well-bred lady from her family. 
Oh, I hate those two. Are you sure theres nothing you can do to leave them? Maybe you can marry! At this point we were huddled closely in a more secluded corner of the deck, my Mother lost in conversation with Mrs. Allison.
I suppose. But what if I end up with someone worse than my father? Ironically, Annabelle and I met at my engagement soiree about a year ago. She was quiet at first, but I saw my own personality reflected in her mannerisms. It didnt take long before Anna opened up and we became good friends. A few weeks after I discovered her trying to conceal her bruises; it was then she told me about her family. Good thing I was under the watch of uncle Carlton that day, or I mightve bashed her fathers head in.
I honestly doubt you can find someone worse than your father or brother. I said, trying to lighten the mood. Are you sure theres nothing I can help with?
Anna sighed and shook her head. I have no choice but to continue to live with them, at least until they find me a husband. 
Theyll probably choose an uncouth ogre, if it means that your life will continue to be miserable! I protested. Annabelle shook head again, but grinned in bemusement.
Most likely. But theyll never let me marry someone of my choosing.
Well, that makes two of us. I deadpanned, trying my best to convey a sense of misery. 
Speaking of which; Henrys here. I saw him....and of course, Anna had to remind me about Henry.
As did I. From my cabin window. I replied innocently, watching as she threw her head back and laughed loudly. My mothers attention was suddenly drawn to us, but for some miraculous reason she lets us continue to speak in private.
You wont be able to hide from him. This ship is big, but not so much so. She warned.
Perhaps, but I can try. Mumbling cowardly, I avoided Annabelles piercing stare. We suddenly tensed up as Mr. Riley, Annabelles father, stalked towards us.
Miss Ashby. He greeted, turning to glance at Annabelle frostily. 
Hello Mr. Riley. Its such a surprise to see you here. I never knew you were interested in spending time in America. He gave me a terse smile in agreement.
Likewise. My business will be expanding in New York, but I will spare you the details. He chortled superiorly, making me resist the urge to reply with an unflattering comment.
How nice of you. I said flatly, for once emulating Mothers style of dismissing unpleasant comments. His eyebrows furrowed slightly, smoothing over quickly as he saw mother making her way towards us. If there was anything I admired about my mother, is that she had something about her presence that made even the worst men become intimidated instantly.
Excuse me while I greet your mother, Miss Ashby. He said nervously.
Annabelle took advantage from her fathers absence to resume our conversation. What cabin are you staying in again?
D48. I answered unsuspectingly. She shook her head in disbelief as a huge smile took over her face.
Word is Henry is two cabins over from you. I was this close to bellowing a very unladylike curse to the world in agitation. 
I have no interest where Mr. Spencer is staying. Besides, its probably just a silly rumor. I said blandly, convinced that some higher power had their mind made to remind me of Henry at every turn.
Actually if you want to go by formalities, his title is the Duke of Hastings now
Has his father passed? Worry clouded my face and a feeling of dread filled my body. Losing my father was one of the hardest things I had to go through, and I wish Henry never experiences it.
No, Anna answered. but he has fallen gravely ill. So ill, in fact, that he has found himself unable to perform his duties as Duke. The title was passed to Henry three months ago. 
How do you know all of this? It was surprising for such a bookish girl to be in on all the gossip.
Youd be surprised by all of the women who visit the library to gossip. She confessed, scowling. It was then our parents approached. Mother had a cautious smile as she placed her arm on the crook of my elbow.
Im sorry to interrupt your conversation dear, but we have to be getting back to our cabin now. Carlton doesnt want us to be out alone for too long. Her face was apologetic, but I knew she wasnt sorry at all. She only came on deck to see and to be seen. I gave Anna a distressed glance as I thought of Uncle Carltons ridiculous sense of responsibility over me and bid her farewell.

Annoyed didnt even begin to express my feelings for Uncle Carlton as my mother rifled through our dresses hours later.
Which dress are you wearing? She asked impatiently, poking her head out of her room.
Im not sure. Perhaps the emerald one? That one was one of my favorite ones, mostly because it was so comfortable.
Wear the blue organza one. It complements the plain hair. She deadpanned, going back into her room.
Thank you, Mother. I replied sarcastically, scowling at her insult. No matter how thick or long my hair was, it would always remain a plain shade of brown. Just like my eyes.
Call a maid to help you with your corset! She called from the bath, and I had to resist the urge to stomp my feet like a petulant child. I forcibly removed myself from one of the very comfortable upholstered chairs in the sitting room and called for a maid to help me get dressed.
How do I look? I said enthusiastically, spinning in front of Mother as she finished adjusting her jewels. The young maid behind her was looking at me with approval, so I couldnt look that bad.
Your pins are too loose. She frowned, approaching me and refastening the pins on my head more securely.
Ouch! I complained, trying to resist the aggressive jabs of the pins being readjusted. I tried to focus on the wooden framing of wall across the room to dull the pain. The maid winced in sympathy at a particularly angry jab.
Thats what happens when you have thick hair. Mother muttered, jamming even more pins than I had started with into my hair.
Well, you gave it to me! I retorted, scrambling away from her as soon as I was released. She frowned again and opened her mouth to reply but was interrupted by a curt knock at the door. Thank God for small miracles. The door opened, revealing a polished looking Stanley, dressed in a simple but impeccable black suit.
Stanley. Come in, were just about finished. He swaggered inside and accepted some brandy it was offered, then made himself comfortable in the sitting room while we finished getting ready.
Is Carlton going to join us?
No. Hes waiting for us in the reception room. Mother nodded understandingly and handed me a pair of diamond studs Stanley had gifted me the night of our engagement party to wear.
I was placed on Stanleys arm and escorted away from the other first-class staterooms, into the grand staircase. And it was aptly named. Two arching staircases merged into one, boasting a magnificently carved clock where the stairways met, and an illuminated cherub where they ended. If one looked directly down through the stairs, you could see that they extended several floors. The other first class passengers would never admit their admiration for the ship outright, but it was obvious in the way their eyes shined when they looked at the staircase.
 I made idle chit-chat with Stanley as we descended the stairs. I ran into Annabelle earlier today. I recalled, watching as Stanleys face became guarded. For some reason, he wasnt overly fond of Annabelle or her family. I couldnt blame him for disliking her family, but he was always too eager to keep me away from Annabelle herself.
Dont spend too much time with her. He warned, walking Mother and I to one of the luxurious sitting areas of the reception room.Wait here. Ill return with Carlton.
Why doesnt he like Annabelle? I asked Mother abruptly. As she had been walking on Stanleys other arm, she heard the exchange.
Im not sure, but I think there is some bad blood between Stanley and Annabelles older brother, Byron. She replied quietly, straightening her spine and nodding charmingly at other passengers that were lounging in silk upholstered chairs and settees.
Speak of the devil
Annabelle was bounding towards us, her father and older brother following closely behind. She gave me a gentle hug and nodded politely at my mother.
Oh, Ophelia. I love that dress. She held me at arms length to admire my dress fully. Annabelle herself was sporting a pretty soft green dress that set off the color of her eyes beautifully.
Do you? Mother said in contrasted with my plain features. I said drily, giving mother a pointed look. She looked away, flustered, and pretended to strike up a conversation with a fellow American.
Nonsense. Anna replied, waving away my answer. Would you like to join us to dinner? Her question was thinly veiled by politeness, but I had a feeling she was desperate not to be left alone with her family. They wouldnt try anything if someone else was around.
Oh, I dont know. Mother cut in. I believe Stanley has already made dining arrangements. He did?
 I turned a questioning eye to mother and realized she said that to keep me away from Annabelle. Exactly like Stanley had ordered. My mouth opened to contradict her but Mr. Riley spoke up instead. The bald patch atop his head shone brightly under the bright lights of the chandeliers.
We really must be on our way now. He said politely, latching onto his daughters arm and nearly bolting away hurriedly with Byron in tow. She shot me a desperate look over her shoulder as they made for the dining saloon, and as soon as they left my sight I turned on my mother angrily.
Why did you say no to Annabelle? 
You know what Stanley said, Ophelia. He doesnt want you around the Rileys. She answered slowly, as if explaining something to a small child. I hated when she did that.
It seems that I need to remind you that Stanley doesnt own me. And if he cant understand that I will do whatever I want at my leisure then he can break the engagement.
Absolutely not. Mothers voice turned deathly silent. Weve gone over this before, Ophelia. The wedding is three weeks away. As if that explained anything. 
Even more reason to break it off! I already told you and uncle Carlton that I dont want to marry. I insisted, almost forgetting to whisper. This wedding will be a disaster unless It was then that Stanley appeared with my uncle in tow. Really, it was impeccable dining. They made their way towards us unsuspectingly.
All ready for dinner? Mother nodded gratefully (of their interruption) and was helped up by Uncle Carlton, letting Stanley and I to follow closely behind. 
Dinner was a lavish affair. Dozens of diamonds and pearls glittered under the chandelier lights, and splashes of colors overwhelmed my sight. Some dresses were bright and bold, and others were more subdued and light. The men were nothing but regal, dressed in perfectly tailored suits and bow ties. Many passengers were still frolicking around, introducing and flaunting themselves. Getting through this bunch was worse than trying to get through a congested London roadway. We stopped along the large saloon several times, both to meet strangers and chat with old acquaintances.
Stanley Brighton! My, I havent laid eyes on you since you were a boy! A jovial voice called out, and a large man suddenly appeared before us. They greeted each other warmly, and then he turned to me and offered a tentative greeting. The man had thinning brown hair that had been carefully combed to look fuller, and a very round belly that suggested many nights of heavy drinking.
Jonathan Royce. What a surprise to see you here! Stanley replied, sporting a genuine smile on his face. He must have really liked this man. Mr. Royce smiled cheerily, oddly reminding me of Santa Claus.
Lifes treated me well. Im traveling with my daughter Penelope, taking care of some financial affairs in America with the Duke. He said, waving a meaty arm behind him towards a tall figure with a full head of brown hair that was too busy speaking with someone else.
You know the Duke of Hastings, right? I expelled a breath and flinched, unconsciously tightening my hand over Stanleys arm. Suddenly Henry turned to us, guiding a short blonde girl with him.
This could not be happening. 
Chapter 3
I had completely forgotten about him up to this point, arguing with my mother and all. The funny thing was that the thoughts rushed back into my head as if theyd never left. Here I was, panicking over seeing him again, but I wondered if he even remembered me.
He was taller than I remembered, somehow surpassing my fiance by several inches. His shoulders had become broader, and his tailored suit only accentuated the hidden musculature underneath his clothes. I would have a hard time believing this was the same person I knew two years ago if it wasnt for the unruly brown hair and youthful dimples. When his gaze fell on me his confident step seemed to falter. His eyes flickered over me repeatedly as he assessed me.
This is Stanley Brighton, and his fiance Miss Ashby. They clasped hands in a masculine greeting and I held my breath. Would Henry even greet me? Maybe he would ignore me
But I never finished that thought, because he turned to me and said: Miss Ashby. There was a mischievous glint to his eyes as he regarded me. As if that wasnt enough, he took my free gloved hand, and placed a hot kiss on the back of itall while keeping eye contact with me.
A pleasure. I felt his scalding touch all over, but not enough. Finally I realized my place and all but yanked my hand from his.
Likewise. I said, trying to sound strong. The perky blond clinging from his hand suddenly greeted me, getting too close for comfort. Who was she, anyway? She had fair hair and blue eyes like Annabelle, but where Anna was tall and willowy this girl was short. She was short in a cute way.
And I hated her. 
Stanley was too busy talking to Mr. Royce to realize anything was out of the ordinary. Part of me felt annoyed that he didnt even bother to care for me, at least in public. Mother was shooting us a curious glance from a few tables over. It was obvious that Henry had also caught her attention.
They say that you can never forget your first love. And right now, it was proving exceptionally true for me. When my father drowned three years ago, mother decided we needed a change of scenery to move on with our lives. So we sailed to England, where I met Henry. And I fell stupidly in love with him.
 I hadnt realized how lost in thought I was until Mr. Royce turned to me. Where will you two dine, dear? He inquired, placing a hand over his protruding gut like a pregnant woman.
I was planning on eating with my mother
Youre welcome to dine with us. Henry interrupted casually. His gaze was firmly set on me, a teasing grin lingering on his face. 
A teasing grin that I wanted to beat right out of him. How could he do this to me? I was intent on putting some space between and forget this ever happened, but he kept dragging me back.
 We would be honored to dine with you. No, Stanley, you would be honored to dine with him. How angry would Stanley be if I politely left him to sit at another table? Most of the passengers had already been seated for dinner, so we found seating at a round table. My armchair was so comfortable that I had the resist the urge to relax my stiff spine and lean into it.
Half way through dinner I was admiring Lady Duff Gordons dress instead of paying attention to the conversation around me. Im so excited to shop in New York! They say that the clothes made there are even more fashionable than in Paris, sometimes! The blonde, as it turned out, was Penelope Royce, the daughter of Mr. Royce. She had a tendency of chattering endlessly.
Are you excited to go shopping, Miss Ashby? Her question brought me back to reality.
Yes, of course. Although Im afraid there wont be much time to shop before the wedding. I said, trying to change the subject and attract the least amount of attention to myself. The food was delicious, and the orchestra playing in the background made Penelopes annoying voice slightly more bearable. 
If Henry intended to remind me of our...history, then I had no problem showing him I had moved on and was on the verge of marriage. Even though I just tried to break my engagement less than an hour ago (Henry didnt have to know that).
Wedding? How fortunate you must be. Penelope said wistfully, taking a careful sip of her wine. From where he sat across from me, Henry tensed up suddenly and his features darkened. His green eyes were staring at intensely, but I avoided them.
You must be excited, Miss Ashby. He said, with a tone so cool that it nearly gave me chills.
Im very happy. My equally detached response even took me by surprise, but I was silently thankful my reply didnt waver. He couldnt know about his control over me. Maybe it was pride, or maybe it was heartbreak, but I wouldnt let him see how weak hed made me in the past. How weak I felt, right now, as he stared through me.
The natural flow of conversation was eventually taken up once more amongst the table, thankfully excluding me. Luckily Ive been taught to ignore mens talk long enough that I could even manage to forget Henry for a couple of long minutes, until I glanced at him and had to start all over again. The pattern continued several times before I felt a cool hand on my shoulder. My head snapped up to look at mother.
Ophelia, may I have a word with you? I nodded and we walked arm-in-arm out of the dining saloon, lingering in the reception room just before the grand staircase.
Henrys here. She said as she paced in front of me. I didnt know if to laugh at her lack of tact or groan in annoyance.
I was eating dinner with him; trust me when I tell you that I know. Mother gave me a reproaching look for my use of irony. Good job, Ophelia.
How do you feel? Goodness, she sounded like our Doctor back in London. How do you feel about having to meet the arse you broke your heart two years ago? Well, lets see...
It doesnt matter. I said, carefully avoiding an answer.
What if he tells Stanley everything? I kind of wished he did, because Stanley would end the engagement for sure. Ophelia, you have to make sure he remains silent.
I know. She nodded in satisfaction and placed her hand over my head in what was supposed to be a comforting gesture.
Good. Get back to the cabin as soon as you finish dinner. And dont keep Stanley from cigars and brandy after dinner, either. I huffed at her incessant instructions and rolled my eyes.
Right. Why dont we let him get pissed drunk with Henry so that he could find out the story right from the source? Mother gasped softly at my vulgar remark.
Dont speak like that in public! She hissed, before making sure no one was heard me. Matter of fact, dont speak like that anywhere. She scolded crossly, staring hotly at me for a few seconds before uncertainty clouded her judgment.
...do you really think Henry might say something? I pondered the question carefully and shrugged. He was so focused on me during dinner that I wouldnt put anything past him.
It didnt seem like he let it go. He might do something rash. Mother placed a hand over her temple gently and closed her eyes, exhaling slowly. She never really liked Henry to begin with...she thought him too unruly.
Lets pray that hell keep his mouth shut. She murmured shakily, leaving me to stare after her as she entered the elevators and disappeared from view.
Well, that was a nice exit. Henrys raspy voice was right beside me, his warm breath teasing my ear. I whirled around and put some space between us.
She wasnt feeling well, Mr. Spencer. He snorted back a laugh and looked at me skeptically.
Mr. Spencer? Please, you know me much better than that.
So I thought, but youre rather good at surprising me. I said begrudgingly, angry that hed even pursue me after what I went through.
That was a misunderstanding. His voice had softened, almost sounding pleading. Like he was begging.
Good. I always pictured him like that, begging me for forgiveness. But it does nothing but remind me of the past, and suddenly it doesnt please me anymore.
Theres nothing I have to say, or anything I want to listen to. I whisper, not being able to speak any louder. Because I was scared if I started truly speaking I would never stop. And then hed know that I didnt hate him at all. 
My answer hardened his resolve, and all traces of vulnerability were gone.
You might not want to listen, but Im sure Stanley would. He said mockingly. Fear clouded my face as I looked up at me, and he smiled in triumph. Hed found my weakness.
So your fiance really has no idea about me. I suspected as much.
Please dont tell him anything. His large hand came up to his chin, mulling my request over thoughtfully.
Convince me.
I blinked confusedly. How?
He grinned wolfishly. Its simple, really. A kiss. My heart started pounding as soon as the words left his lips.
Have you lost your mind? Are you blackmailing me?
Me, blackmail you? Not at all. He answered innocently.
Youll have to find something else you desire, because I am not kissing you. Having to kiss him almost scared me more than Stanley discovering the past. 
Henry frowned and turned to leave. I suppose brandy and cigars will be rather interesting tonight. Dare I call on his bluff?
Wait. He froze mid-step and turned back to face me with an indulgent smile. Why did he always get the better of me? I...fine. Ill do it.
Meet me in the promenade deck. You have ten minutes. He instructed, making sure to look over his shoulder.
This is the last time. Ever. I said feebly. He pursed his lips and smiled hugely like he always did when he got his way. Well see about that.
Stop smiling like that! I bit out quickly, unable to help my temper. He coughed a chuckle and walked away, waving his hand behind him. 
Chapter 4
Id written off Henry months after my engagement, when I finally realized he would never come for me. Everyone had been pressing me to get married, so I finally gave in to my uncle in hopes that Henry would take action and do something. It was silly, really. But finally realized that this was it; there was no one to keep me company or rescue me...and it was terrifying. After he told me that he loved me and that he would never let anyone separate us, he did precisely that.
I rubbed my hands together over my arms and tried to bring some warmth back into my body. Id been waiting in the promenade deck for the past five minutes, completely alone and frozen to the bone.
It seems like youre reminiscing. Henry called out.
Im reminiscing on my rotten luck. I deadpanned, looking straight ahead as he took a seat beside me on the wooden bench There was an awkward pause. I hoped he wasnt expecting me to take initiative in his little plan.
Look, can we just get this over with already? Nothing sounded better than a warm spot by the fire in my cabin.
So eager to kiss me? He teased, completely ignorant to the annoyed groan that escaped my mouth. His self-confidence was truly infuriating.
Its because Im freezing, obviously. I explained, as if it made all the sense in the world. Having to come on deck on such short notice didnt leave much time to grab a coat. Besides, mother would start asking questions if she saw me leave the cabin so late. 
Henry finally realized that I wasnt wearing a coat and . I tried not to sigh contentedly as the warmth seeped into my body, the lingering smell of cologne drifting through my nose.
Under any other circumstances I would throw your coat on the floor and stomp on it, but Im too cold for that right now. I said stubbornly, trying to contain the chatter of my teeth.
I appreciate it. Thats my favorite coat, you know.
I looked at him doubtfully. It is? It was a relatively plain coat. Expensive in material and craftsmanship, but simply designed nonetheless.
Well, it is now. I didnt know if to be flattered or annoyed at his constant advances, so I just shot him an awkward sidelong glance. I briefly wondered what it would be like to kiss him.
He sighed loudly, and the boyish cheekiness appeared to be sucked out of him. Go to your cabin, Ophelia.
But you told me
I know what I said. But Ive had a change of heart. Now go. His eyes were fixed on his shoes, but his voice was strong. I held back a cutting remark on his indecision, fearing that it would make him change his mind. Again.
Areare you going to tell Stanley? 
No, I wont tell him anything. I promise. But his promise didnt mean much to me anymore. Henry sensed my conflict and looked up with a reluctant smile. 
I suppose youll just have to trust me.
I felt words trying to bubble out of my mouth, but I didnt know exactly what I wanted to say. Henry looked lost in thought again, so I carefully placed his coat beside him and strolled back to my cabin. The room was quiet when I entered, a small fire warming up the room and lighting up the golden detailing on the rich mahogany walls. With a deep sigh, I toed off my shoes happily and stretched out my leg.
Ophelia? Is that you? Mothers voice called out.
Yes, its me. The items on the vanity clattered around as I clumsily tried to wash up and remove all of the fastidious jewelry: two large diamond studs and several strings or pearls, as well as several jeweled combs.
What took you so long? She asked, emerging from her room in her favorite silk robe. Her hair had been combed down and braided to a long plait.
I got lost. I lied, avoiding her gaze in the mirrors reflection. Luckily, Mother was feeling generous enough to help me remove my corset, and I was dressed and settled in no time at all. I couldnt contain the happy sigh that escaped me when I snuggled into bed. The bed was incredibly soft, and I was sure it was the closest I would feel to sleeping on a cloud. The sheets were impeccably crisp and snowy white, serving to remind me precisely how new the ship itself was.
I suppose I should feel relieved that Henry changed his mind, I thought, turning over in bed. But I didnt. It was a strange sensation: on one hand I felt the icy grip of heartache, but on the other I felt the warm feeling of giddiness.
Spending time with him tonight reminded me of our old times. We didnt get along at first: I thought he was a snobby and selfish heir, and he thought I was a mousy American brat. I didnt realize how much I cared until I was in love with him and having him was as necessary as breathing.
One year earlier,
Spring in Hastings Estate was a sight to behold. The scent of blooming flowers lingered in the breeze, and everything felt a alive. Henry and I had come to a tentative friendship, and in a time of boredom decided to race horses. The estate had its a small forest, lake, several fishing ponds, and a small chapel. Today we raced towards the lake. No one liked to visit the lake, especially when there were several well-stocked fish ponds near the Hastings house. So that afternoon, it was just two of us sitting in the forest. 
Why arent you coming in the water? As a part of our truce, Henry helped me learn how to ride astride and I showed him how to skip rocks on the surface of the lake.
Im wearing a dress, Henry. Besides, I didnt even bring a change of clothes. I answered, reclining on the base of a large weeping willow and continuing to read my book. Henry dumped the flat rocks he picked out earlier and treaded to deeper water. 
Ive never seen you swim. Are you sure you dont want to join me? You can just take the dress of, you know. He leered, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively. I rolled my eyes and ignored him, engrossed in my book. A few minutes later there was a loud gurgle and splash. 
Henry? He had vanished from the surface of the water. I threw the book aside and ran into the chilled water. A sense of dread filled me. This could not be happening again. Not him. Not like my father.
Henry! Where are you?! The water was murky shade of brown, making impossible to see through it. I kept treading through the dark water mindlessly, trying to think about anything except my father. But it was useless. Soon I was transported back to the horrible day when I found my father floating upside down, lifeless. 
There was a loud gasp as Henry emerged from the surface of the water. Aha! I got you to get in the water! But I wasnt listening to him anymore. 
Ophelia? Are you cross with me? Come on, it was just a game His face froze when he looked at me. He placed his hands on my shoulders and shook me firmly. 
Whats wrong? Are you hurt? The horrible memory cleared away, and I looked up to find Henry absolutely soaked. His white undershirt was dirty from the water and clung to him like a second skin. He reached up and brushed my face gently, wiping the wetness on my face. I had been crying. 
Im so sorry. He apologized in a rush of breath. I didnt to upset you, I just did it for fun 
You call that fun? I realized it had been a simple game for him, to scare me into rushing at the water. You idiot! My arms reached up and pushed with angrily. Henry, surprised, lost his balance and plunged into the water. 
Why are you so angry? I wouldve laughed at his bewildered sputtering if I wasnt so angry at him. His voice faded away as I untied my mare and climbed on the saddle and cantered back towards the manor. 
The rest of the afternoon was spend locked away in my room. Henry had come to my door several times, begging me to speak to him. But I couldnt. Because every time I looked at his face I was reminded of my father, floating lifelessly on the river. 
I was fourteen when he died. He had been determined to help me master stone skipping, so the first moment he could spare he brought me to the river. The river was beautiful, but dangerous. At some parts, the current of the river is strong enough to drag someone away. And that was what happened to father. He said the best stones were flattened by the current of the water, so he tried reaching into the river for them. Somehow he lost his footing and was dragged by the current and dragged over the waterfall. It all happened so quick. When I finally scrambled to the bottom of the waterfall, he was dead. 
I had a hard time doing anything but reminisce, and sleep was no exception. Every time the fire crackled I remember the sound of the waterfall, and the inky night was suffocating. Between turning and tossing, I managed to fall into a fitful rest. The nightmare was unsurprising when it started. After my father died they repeated time after time. I always tried running down to the waterfall in that sprint that seems slow no matter how hard you run. There was a body floating upside down, like always. But when I turned the body over, I wasnt staring at my father. 
I was looking at Henry. 
The nightmare ended in a chaotic burst. Someone was screeching loudly, my throat burned, and I felt like a million hands were grabbing at me. 
Ophelia! Theres no need to yell, its stopped now. Shush, Ive got you. The screaming finally toned down to a whimper. 
There, there. Its over now. One arm was wrapped around me tightly and the other hand combed through my hair in soothing strokes. I only knew one person with such a soothing voice. 
H-h-Henry? Was that my voice?
Yes, its me. Im here. I ended up wrapped up in his arms, sheltering my face on the warm spot where his shoulder met his neck. 
Who let you in my room? I asked dazedly. 
I heard you screaming, so jumped in through the balcony. I thought someone broke into your room. Our rooms were on the ground floor, so it wasnt very difficult.
I had a nightmare. 
So I gathered. Do you want to talk about it? I was always told your nightmares would improve if you talked about them. But some nightmares are too frightening to say out loud. So I said as much as I could force out. 
My fatherhe drowned three years ago. 
Oh, Ophelia. This is all my fault. Im so sorry for frightening you at the lake. Really I had no idea it was like that. God, I am such an idiot He continued to berate himself. 
I feel better now.
Do you want to go back to sleep? He asked softly. 
I dont want to be alone. Will you stay? I felt silly, but the thought of being alone and having another nightmare terrified me. Perhaps in another few hours the nightmare wouldnt seem so horrifying. 
I expected Henry to put up a fuss and complain about his own lack of rest, but he didnt. Ill stay right here. He promised, running a soothing hand through my hair. Shall I whisper sweet nothings into your ear? 
I gave him a reproachful look, but couldnt help the easy giggle that slipped from my mouth. Will you read to me?
He looked utterly repulsed. Me? Reading a bedtime story? Thats ridiculous. Women and their reading He scoffed. I narrowed my eyes and looked up at him. 
What do you mean women and our reading? Its much better than the things you men do. I countered. 
Really. Henry said dryly.
Yes, really. At least I dont go shooting at squawking pigeons to make myself feel manlier
Alright, alright. He relented, grumbling. Choose a book. I turned on the small reading lamp on my bed stand and handed him a book. He criticized my choice (really, who reads Jane Austen these days) but settled in and started reading nonetheless. After a while the drowsiness returned, but with Henrys arm slung lazily over my waist, I didnt feel afraid. He never once stopped reading, and the last thing I heard before falling asleep was his rumbling voice. 
*** 
Thinking of the past will do no good. Mother said, breaking through my memory. She was staring at me in a calculating manner, her blue eyes not missing a detail. I was always frustrated with her cavalier manner, but Mother was a lot brighter than anyone would care to admit. She was just smart enough to know her intelligence wouldnt get her anywhere. Either than, or she had given up hope a long time ago.
I wasnt thinking about that. I murmured casually, ignoring mother as she raised her eyebrows in disbelief. She strolled towards my bed and sat beside me, stroking my head soothingly.
Ophelia, I was young once. I know what youre going through. Seeing certain people will always bring backmemories. I turned to stare at her doubtfully. What was she going on about?
Im not the most encouraging mother, but Im not one to create false hopes. Because it is devastating when what you imagine doesnt happen in reality. I looked at her carefully, noting the sincerity in her eyes.
We live in a world of realities, Ophelia. Dont forget that. Mother finished, placing a kiss on the top of my head and tucking me in like she did when I was small.
I still miss him. What am I supposed to do about that? I whispered, surprising myself. No matter how many times I tried to forget...he was there. Mother stopped mid step, but didn't bother to turn around.
Good night, Ophelia. She said dismissively, shutting off the lights behind her and plunging me in darkness.
To me, Henry was an old lover. Someone who showed me what heartbreak felt like. After rebuilding my life, I assumed that I was strong enough to face him. I also assumed that my feelings for him were gone. But as soon as I saw him again, as soon as he touched me, those feelings started trickling in...like a dam with a leak in it. As much as I would like to ward him off, I couldnt. I was starting that fear that my feelings had never truly left. Instead, they had been buried and were trying to resurface. 

Well, this is quite the conundrum. 
Chapter 5
Come on, wake up. A small voice said, cutting through my sleep.
She didnt even stir. No, no, your method isnt going to work. Move aside. Said another voice, making the bed shift as someone else sat beside me.
Get your arse out of bed, Ophelia Ashby! The voice yelled, effectively making me crank one eye open in annoyance. I stopped short as I saw who was hovering above me.
Cristina? Is that you? Her flaming red hair was pinned up elegantly and her green eyes were shining brightly.
Long time no see.
 Annabelle sat at the foot of the bed smiling helplessly. She said you wouldnt wake up otherwise. She supplied, shrugging.
Well, it isnt my fault Ophelia can sleep through a shipwreck. Cristina said: she was one of those friends whom one could never forget. Wed met before I travelled to England. She was a born and bred Bostonian who had a knack for trouble. Even her widowed father gave up on her, but she didnt seem to care much.
What time is it? I asked groggily. 
Its almost lunch time. Did you know weve been searching the whole ship for you this whole time?! Anna shot amused looks as she glanced up from her book.
I find that rather hard to believe, considering this is the largest ship ever made. I replied, bemused. 
Truly. I discovered a pool. A pool! Do you want to know exactly how many staircases I had to go through to come across a pool? Cristina hated small spaces, so she avoided the elevators as much as possible. 
We understand there was a pool, Cristina, you dont have to keep going on about it. Chimed Annabelle absentmindedly. 
Well its too bad I wasnt at that pool with you: I wouldve tossed you in for sure. I said dryly. Anna giggled softly while Cristina narrowed her gaze at me. 
Ha ha, very funny. She mocked. This was all your mothers fault. She wouldnt tell us where you were, so we assumed you were somewhere exploring the ship. 
I stretched in the soft bed and finally summoned the strength to slip on a robe. I suppose she wanted to give me more time to rest. 
Anna put her book down. Did you not sleep well? Her voice was concerned as she studied my face carefully. 
Not after last night. Stanley and I ended up having dinner with Henry, amongst other people.
Oh, dear. Breathed Annabelle. Cristina gaped and shot out of bed. 
This is a conversation for the sitting room. Lets go, your mother had a tray of food delivered. 
Half an hour later I was sitting in the private parlor completely dressed and snacking on some fruits. The girls decided to join me and had picked out some food as well. We chatted quietly for a while, before the inevitable subject resurfaced. 
So you had dinner with Henry. How did that turn out?
 It was tense. I informed them, sighing. Why werent you at dinner? I asked Cristina, turning to fix my gaze on her. I never once saw her in the dining saloon. 
I was otherwise preoccupied. She replied, smiling at our puzzled expressions cheekily. Cristina preferred wine over tea, so it wouldnt surprise me if she had been too drunk to go anywhere. It was yet another thing that her father gave up on a long time ago. 
Did you drink before dinner? Annabelle accused, shaking her head as Cristina shrugged cavalierly.
I only had two drinks, but father didnt want me to make a fool of myself during dinner. She explained, rolling her eyes. But on to more important matters. What did Henry do? Did he apologize? She leaned forward on the table in anticipation of my answer. Even Annabelle was playing close attention to the conversation.
Dinner was alright, although he stared a lot. I told them, noting the interest that showed on their faces.
Staring is good! Cristina exclaimed. If he cant stop looking at you, chances are probably cant get you out of his head. He wants you! I shook my head and squashed the flutter of excitement that ran through me.
Oh, I dont know about that. After dinner he threatened to tell Stanley everything. Anna gasped and Cristina muttered a curse.
Well, what made him change his mind?
He wanted me to convince him. They were both looking at me curiously, waiting for me to elaborate. ...with a kiss. Annabelles mouth fell open in shock and Cristina smiled gleefully.
 How was the kiss? I gaped at Annabelles question. Sweet, pure, Annabelle, who would never in her right mind ask something like that. The world must be sitting upside down this morning.
Well, thats the thing. There was no kiss. He changed his mind at the last minute and sent me off. My voice was as puzzled as their faces were. There was a dull moment of silence until Cristina jumped to her feet.
Ive heard of problems for today. Do you girls want to enjoy some fresh air on deck with me?
The fresh breeze on deck was cool, but soothing. I quickly agreed that coming to take a walk on deck had been a good idea. Most first class passengers were still eating or doing some form of recreation inside, so the promenade deck was fairly empty. It was nice to have the large decks all to ourselves. 
Cristina (who has had a French fashion craze as of late) was telling us about her dress. To be honest, it looked more like an evening dress. The bright green fabric contrasted with her hair and looked like silk, but it managed to fall around her hips perfectly. It was much more eye-catching than the simpler lavender day dress I was wearing, if the lingering looks from the gentlemen meant anything. Cristina was admiring the lace trimmings on Annas dress when I noticed a familiar face.
Penelope? The girl whipped around and her face lit up. She was standing beside me momentarily, greeting me happily.
Miss Ophelia! What a pleasure to see you. She said, turning to address Cristina and Annabelle, who were staring curiously.
Likewise, Miss Royce. These are my friends, Miss Cristina and Miss Annabelle. They greeted each other politely, and I pretended not to notice the puzzled look on Annas face. Penelope joined our group and walked in step with Cristina while Anna and I lingered behind.
Isnt that the girl who was clinging on to Henry last night? She whispered, sneaking careful glances as Penelope walked before us. I nodded silently in reply. Anna looked at the time and snapped. I have to go, see you at dinner.
Cristina and Penelope continued to chat animatedly, and I decided to let them be. Besides, I wasnt exactly thrilled about spending time with Penelope. And it wasnt because I was jealous, I swear. The girls walked briskly ahead of me, and the gap between us seemed to grow larger. I preferred walking slowly and enjoying the sights at my leisure, which is probably why I noticed Henry cowering in a corner and they didnt. Something told me to walk away, to leave him and forget I ever saw him. But my mouth had a mind of its own. 
Henry? His large frame shuddered in surprise before he turned to look at me.
Hello, Ophelia. He didnt leave his small corner: instead he kept glancing over his shoulder. Maybe this was my cue to leave? It was obvious that he wasnt interested in speaking with me. And I dont know why I even bothered
But then I heard it. The loud voices of Penelope and Cristina were nearing again, making another circle around the deck, and Henry looked panicked. He glanced at me, latched on to my arm, dragged us into a small room on the boat deck and slammed the door shut.
Are you hiding? My voice was incredulous, and I almost wanted to laugh at his worried expression. He observed the room we were in, the gymnasium, and took a peek from the large windows next to us. There was something I recognized as a barbell, and a rowing machine. The rest of the contraptions looked unfamiliar to me. 
Im not hiding. He hedged. Im just avoiding Penelope. Shes a very determined young girl. Can you believe she followed me all the way here, unaccompanied? That girl is a monster. He whispered the last part, rolling his eyes as I snickered at him.
Well, theres something we can agree on. I muttered caustically, ignoring the playful he gave me.
Are you jealous? His tone was disbelieving, but there was the trace of a smile on his face. Was he onto something? I disliked Penelope because she was loud and annoyingly enthusiastic. But then again I disliked her from the moment I saw her on his arm, well before she even uttered a word. There was a chance that Henry knew me better than I knew myself, which frustrated me beyond words.
Im not jealous, I stuttered. Im just not very fond of her.
I dont see why a young girl like you would dislike Penelope. Your friends seem to like her just fine. He teased, grinning unevenly like he always did when he was wining an argument. I tried taking a step back but was met with a firm wall, trapped. My mouth opened and closed like a fish as a fumbled for words.
If you like her so much, why dont you marry her?
 I caught my breath as he stared at me intently and licked his lips. His green eyes took on a soft glimmer, looking so hypnotizing I feared I would fall right into them. Because Im not going all the way to America for her. 
Yes, I know. As Mr. Royce explained it, it seems you have to tend to some financial matters. 
He chuckled. If you think I would go all the way for simple finances, darling, you are very wrong. My heart leaped from his absentminded endearment. He was still cornering me on the wall, right next to the door. I could reach over and escape, but I was so curious
What are you trying to imply? Instantly I knew Id been wrong. The way he smiled victoriously led me to believe Id taken the bait.
I want you. His usually playful eyes were boring into me with such conviction that I wanted to shrink up and disappear. I avoided and settled for staring at our shoes. I had never felt such conflicting emotions in my life. It was absolutely ridiculous. I wanted to raise my chin indignantly in the air and deny him: I wasnt his plaything any longer. But I itched to throw myself into his arms and beg him to never let me go. Maybe I was a masochist.
But instead of saying anything of consequence, I scrambled for an excuse. Henry, this is ridiculous. Im engaged to Stanley. I protested feebly. Of course it was all a lie: If it were up to me Id never been engaged to Stanley in the first place. He looked unconvinced with my answer, and was prowling for a chink in my armor.
For Gods sake, Im getting married in a matter of weeks! 
Are you challenging me? To tear that wedding apart? He asked softly, sending a little shiver down my spine. I looked into his eyes for a fraction of a second and I knew that he would do it. It was the same look he got when I first met him and told him Id never be interested in someone like him: frighteningly determined. 
No. I said evenly. Im wondering why youre not planning your own wedding to the woman you left me for. It was painful for me to say, but I was desperate. Wounded animals are the most dangerous, and Id never understood it better than at this moment. The sentence made Henry flinch as if hed been slapped. He went slack and stumbled backwards unsteadily. 
Im sorry. I am so, so sorry. He said raggedly. I always he got the better of me, but now I wasnt so sure. Because his eyes reflected my pain as if it were his own. I wanted to walk out on him now, but I couldnt. The pain and loneliness in his eyes froze me in place. He might have walked out on me, but I would never be able to bring myself to abandon him.
There was more than you knew about. He said quietly. There are things that you need to know before you leave for good, Ophelia. But youre wounded, and itll do no good to say anything now. If you change your mind, I will always be nearby. His finally met mine as he gave me a solemn nod and strolled out of the room.
Chapter 6
The rest of the day trailed by in fits of panic and anger. I panicked because a desperate part of me wanted to hear whatever excuse Henry had. But needing him so much made me so angry, both at him and myself. Stanley announced that we had been invited to dine with Henry yet again, and that he accepted. Perhaps I was being a coward by avoiding the truth, but would be better this way.
So I kept telling myself. 
Stanley rasped on the door and poked his head inside, beaming when he saw me. You look stunning tonight. He placed a small kiss on the back of my gloved hand. Stanley wanted me to impress tonight, so I wore his favorite dress and laced up my corset extra tight.
Thank you. I murmured quietly, smiling weakly at him. He escorted me to dinner smoothly, mingling along the way to our table where Henry was already waiting with Penelope and her father. As soon as we arrived the gentlemen stood and greeted us.
Well, dont you look breathtaking tonight, Miss Ashby. Grinned Harry, kissing the back of my hand much like Stanley had done minutes before. The only difference was that Harrys touch actually made me breathless. While I sat trying to catch my breath, Henry was ill at ease in the situation. If I hadnt been there myself I wouldve doubted our moments in the gymnasium even happened at all.
Dinner proceeded much as it had last night, the men making idle conversation followed by Penelopes irritating and never-ending curiosity. Then a streak of red caught my attention. To my far right sat Cristina and Annabelle with their families, eating. Cristina caught my gaze and glanced at Harry pointedly. I tried to shrug imperceptibly but was snapped back to the conversation at hand.
What would be the quickest way to end a wedding? My hand flew over my mouth to muffle the horrible choking sound that erupted from my mouth. Penelope and her father looked absolutely bewildered by his sudden inquiry, but Stanleys face showed he had no suspicion. 
Good God, he was an idiot sometimes.
I wouldnt know. Said Stanley obliviously, taking a sip of his drink. Ophelia and I are planning to get happily married. He smiled, placing a hand over mines. I plastered on an appeasing smile when his eyes met mine. I didnt particularly agree, but I followed along for the sake of appearances. Harrys eyes caught Stanleys movement and became pained.
Of course. He smiled tersely, the emotion not reaching his eyes. As Stanley emerged himself in another conversation with Mr. Royce, Henry sent me a pointed glance. He was trying intimidate me.
I mean, hypothetically, you could just kidnap the bride. He smiled, laughing off his idea as a joke. He froze and held up a finger as he mulled over another idea, commanding everyones attention with his theatrics.
Or you can ruin her. Henry commented confidently, smiling as he brought on a round of hearty laugh at the table. He observed my enraged reaction and winked, taunting me. I clutched onto my knife and suppressed the urge to stab one of his dimples with it. He arched an eyebrow at my sour expression and mouthed: Youre being obvious.
I avoided his gaze and found comfort with the idea that once this trip was over I would never have to see him again. Thankfully Henry stopped the insinuations promptly, making the rest of dinner a bit of a blurred lull. I did catch Cristina swaying out of the dining room tipsily, an unusual smile on her face.
What a shame. Murmured Stanley, motioning towards her. A pretty girl, but completely disobedient. It took a moment to realize I was glaring at him. I wouldnt let anyone insult Cristina, no matter what state she was in. It frustrated me that men could easily ridicule women over every aspect but would never question their own silly choices.
Shes a good person, and Im sure shes hardly the first person to have a few too many drinks. I said dryly. From the corner of my eye I saw Stanleys eyebrows arch in surprise. He would never expect me to disagree with him in public. But if he expected me to remain silent as he publicly humiliated my friends, he had a thing or two coming for him.
You wouldnt understand, dear. That girl is much too liberal. For Gods sake, shes probably living as vicariously as a man! Shes cant possibly be a goof influence to you. You should refrain yourself from spending time with her.  Understood exactly what he was doing then. He was trying to browbeat me in public. Stanley was trying to assert himself in public at my expense.
No. I uttered simply, staring at him coldly. A deafening silence fell over the table as Stanley looked at me blankly. In my mind there was no one but me and a man trying to make himself appear greater by intimidating me. Stanley looked like he was either puzzled at my response or trying to reign in his anger. I prayed for the former. 
Dont forget your place, Ophelia. He said darkly, leaning into me. I turned to face him and placed an obviously phony smile on my face, even though I was seething inside.
I havent, dear. Whatever are you talking about? I said loudly, replacing the silence at the table with awkwardness. I felt a coil of satisfaction as no one dared to contradict me. My victory was short-lived, however, when Stanley rose from his chair abruptly and clamped on to my arm.
Excuse us. He choked out, stalking away from the table in wide strides that had me running to keep up. As I glanced back at the table I saw Henry rise to his feet quickly with a concerned look on his face. I was dragged about until we finally reached the cool promenade deck.
Youre hurting me! I complained, placing my hand over the pain that was flaring up on my forearm. 
I dont care if I insult the memory of your dead father; next time you disagree with something I say in public you keep your mouth shut! He roared, his voice echoing through the empty deck faintly. His face was red with exertion, and his glare was furious.
Im not scared of him. 
You dont have any business telling me what to do! I yelled back, matching his angry tone word for word. My gaze met his steadily as I was fueled by a false sense of courage. Stanleys face contorted with as he slammed his hand down beside my head, making me flinch.
I get to tell you what to do because Im going to be your husband. He spat out angrily, looking at me darkly.
Not if I refuse you. I reminded, pushing against his chest to put some space between us. Stanley chuckled cynically and gripped my forearm once more.
If the wedding would be to called off suddenly its because I wouldve given you the worst beating of your life. He gritted quietly, thrashing against the wall once more before stalking away. He was almost back at the entrance to the grand staircase when I found my voice.
Are you going to beat me? He froze and turned to look at me. But I didnt care anymore, I was sick of being manipulated by someone like Stanley just because other people assured me it was right. What about what I thought was right?
Go on, then. Beat me. Then I can break off this engagement once and for all! You think youre man enough to push me around?!Go on, then! I knew I was making a scene because people had started trailing out on deck to see what all the shouting was about. Stanley realized the scene I was causing, and he was overcome by anger and embarrassment.
I felt the sting before I heard it.
Every person standing on deck knew that it was going to end this way, but there was still a collective gasp. As I tried to wobble back on my feet from the backhand Id just received, furious murmuring broke out. And then the floodgates broke loose. Mother, uncle, Henry, Mr. Royce, and several others emerged on deck. Mother kneeled beside me and appraised my stinging cheek. 
What have you done to her? She glared at Stanley furiously.
She was asking for it. He replied evenly, not even having the grace to look guilty. Uncle Carlton clearly took Stanleys side and turned his narrowed gaze on me. 
What have you done now, child? He hissed impatiently. Apologize at once!
No! I responded with such vehemence I might as well have been spewing venom.
Insolent child! How dare you deny me? After all I have done to you after your fathers death for you and your mother, this is how you replay me?
What exactly have you done for us, uncle Carlton? All youve ever done is pilfered the money we inherited He let out a strangled cry and charged at me like an angry bull. I was sure Id be receiving another blow when Mother stood in front of me and blocked his path.
Settle down, Carlton. She said coolly. No need to make a scene.
Move aside, Ruth! It seems like I need to teach my niece some manners. He spat.
She may be your niece, but shes also my daughter, and I wont have you treating her so callously. Get a hold of yourself. She rebuked, tapping the lapels of his jacket with her fan. Was she actually standing up for me? As for Ophelia, shell go to our cabin and reflect on her mistakes. I felt the burn of betrayal as I realized my mother wasnt standing up for me, she was trying to minimize the scandal.
The cabin was eerily quiet when I arrived. I tried to place the earrings back into the jewelry box, groaning with anger and frustration as they kept falling out of my hand. All the thoughts running through my mind were making even this simple task difficult. Why would no one stand on my side?!In the heat of the moment I swung the chest off the vanity, reveling as it all came crashing down loudly. It took me several deep breaths to realize what I had done. An utter mess out of everything.
With a regretful sigh, I crouched down and started plucking all the jewels that were scattered on the floor. I was nearly finished when I saw it. My body stiffened as I recognized the necklace. It was a silver locket in the shape of a flat shell that Henry had given me just before he left me. The memories blurred through my mind in a haze of bitterness and melancholy.
One year earlier...
The dark figure moved swiftly through the shadows as I cowered in my bed.
Dont be scared. It whispered, and I recognized the husky voice instantly.
Henry? His face was dimly illuminated by the small light on my bedside table as he slid into bed beside me.
Hi. He said sweetly, peering at me in the darkness.
What are you doing here? I whispered groggily, sitting up and snuggling into his shoulder.
I...I have a gift for you. He admitted hesitantly, digging though his pocket. He still hadnt changed into his night clothes, instead wearing a white button-up shirt with the sleeves rolled up.
And this gift couldnt wait until morning? I asked, chuckling. He shook his head and cupped something on his lap gingerly.
What is it? I tried to open his hand playfully for a few minutes before giving up with an annoyed huff. Henry chuckled and opened his hand, revealing a silver locket in the shape of a shell.
Its beautiful. I breathed, observing it in the dim lighting. Henry smiled gently and plucked the ends of the chain apart, clasping them around my neck.
Im glad you like it. Take good care of it. He murmured softly, pushing my hair off my shoulders to admire the locket dangling in the hollow of my collarbones.
Whats inside? I asked, reaching up to open it. Harrys hands came up and quickly stopped mine.
Dont open it yet. Open it later. He urged, taking my hands and placing them over his heart. He held me close like that for long minutes, placing his chin on top of my head and sighing.
Henry, whats wrong? I asked quietly, knowing he wouldnt sneak into my room in the middle of the night simply to hold me. He looked at me thoughtfully and gave me a wavering smile.
Nothing is wrong. I just love you. He answered, looking intently at my face, as if he was trying to memorize every detail. Henry leaned in and placed a soft, lingering kiss on my lips. It seemed like he had every intention of just giving me one kiss, but he couldnt help himself. Like a starving child, he leaned in once more, kissing me urgently. His lips were hot on mine, bearing down mercilessly on me for long minutes. By the time he pulled away, my lips were numb. We both gazed at each other for a few moments, gasping for air, before he pulled away and got out of bed.
Stay with me. I pleaded, never wanting to lose the feeling of him.
He grinned and shook his head reluctantly. Not tonight. With that, he blended back into the shadows and left. 
The next morning he announced his courtship with Estefania, the only daughter of a powerful Viscount. 
***
I swallowed thickly and fell into the vanity stool shakily, clinging on to the necklace. When he announced his courtship that morning, I thought he was playing a sick joke, just trying to rile me up. The pain was so heart-wrenching that I thought I would die. At first, there were no tears, just me walking around numbly, absolutely shocked. 
That same day, my mother noticed Henry was no longer interested in me and packed all out things. No words were exchanged, as Henry was suddenly ignorant to the fact I existed. By dawn we had arrived at Uncle Carltons estate, and the rest is history.
Im still surprised I had this necklace in my possession. The next time I saw it after I arrived at Uncle Carltons home I tried to throw it into the fire, but Gertrude (my maid) hadnt let me. I told her if she liked it so much she could keep it, which is exactly what she did. I never saw it again, until tonight, that is. Gertrude must have slipped it in the secret compartment when she packed my things. I never saw what was inside the locket, too pained to even bother. 
Curiosity getting the best of me, I opened it up to find it empty. A small folded piece of paper fluttered out and landed on my lap. I unfolded it carefully, finding Harrys unmistakable scrawl on it. My breath caught as I read his writing.
I will always find you. I love you.
My eyes welled up with unshed tears and I fought to keep them at bay, staring at the clock on the mantel intensely. I was hit with a pang of longing: for the man that had become my sanctuary. He was the person who kissed my tears away and warmed my heart. The hands on the clock caught my attention, pointing out the fact that dinner had just officially ended. A new sense of urgency filled me as I wiped away the last of my tears. Determined, I fetched a winter coat, put on some gloves, and refastened my shoes.
I wanted to hear out what Henry had to say. 
Chapter 7
The cool night air flowed around my feet as I treaded through the promenade deck. It was mostly empty now, the men getting drunk in the smoking room and the ladies retired to their cabins. I strolled along absentmindedly until I came across a familiar figure sitting on a deck chair. Henry continued to nurse a bottle of brandy as I sat next to him.
What are you doing here? Havent you gotten into enough trouble tonight? He said quietly, giving me a meticulous once-over. My eyes narrowed defensively.
Dont patronize me. Ive had enough of that today. I said frostily.
I dont think youve had enough, Ophelia. 
Excuse me? The indignation in my voice was unmistakable. Most people would be frightened, but Henry was not an average person. He met my eyes evenly when he replied,a determined fire burning in them.
Why didnt you just keep your head down and say yes? It wouldve been so much easier. He insisted, running a messy hand through his hair anxiously.
Dont tell me what to do! I yelled, losing all control of my anger. Henry was the last person whom I wanted to be lectured by. Who do you think you are? 
Im the man that loves you! 
Youre the man who left me. I reminded bitterly, scowling at his sense of unbending authority.
I did that to protect you! He countered, ignorant to the falter in my step. 
What did you say? If he was trying to make a silly excuse, then he could go to hell. I wanted the truth, or nothing at all.
Do you honestly think I wanted to leave you?! His chest was rising and falling as he took large gulps of salty sea air. I never wanted to leave. But my father left me no choice.
Oh, what are you going on about? The streak of impatience was clear in my tone. Henry opened his mouth and then snapped it close, struggling for the right words.
My fatherhe told me not to think seriously of you. But I did. I fell in love with you. I never took him seriously, and it was such a mistake. I glanced at him silently and urged him to continue.
Fatherhe was plotting to kill you. I choked a little. 
He did what now? 
I came across one of his letters. He was corresponding with a gunman. He explained clumsily, the information pouring from him.
But it couldve bee anyone. I argued weakly.
Maybe. But it clearly stated you as the target. It also gave a copy of your schedule, in detail.
Why didnt you tell me?
Because it was better for you not to know. I was sick of people telling me what to do. The whole reason Henry caught my eye was because he didnt presume to enlighten me. He treated me as an equal, and took my opinion into as much consideration as I did his. But as it turned out, he had been the first person to start making choices for me.
My voice was eerily quiet as I replied. I dont need anyone to make choices for me. I dont need someone to make the best decision while holding my fate in their hands. And I certainly dont need you choosing to tear us apart without even caring for my opinion. He looked absolutely bewildered as I wrapped my arms around myself and stood from the deck chair. He glanced up at me, eyebrows almost up to his hairline. The few people who were on deck stood so far away that I felt as in a different world.
You took the liberty to make the first choice, so Ill make the last. With that, I turned on my foot and clattered off deck hastily. I heard Henry rustle to his feet and pace after me, but he eventually he chose to stay behind. I changed for bed absentmindedly, in no mood to reminisce. Mother was surprisingly mellow, easily accepting my fake excuse. She didnt even question the fact that I had been spending some time with Cristina in her cabin. Perhaps I was abusing any sense of pity she held for me, but I felt some sense of justice in the thought that I was betraying her like she betrayed me.
The next morning she had quite a fright over my bruised face. Stanleys backhand left a large purple bruise on my cheek, which was insisted that I cover up. But I was proud of my bruise. I showed it off while I eat breakfast in the dining saloon, ignoring the scandalized gazes. I wanted to taunt the other women, albeit morbidly: I took a hit, what have you done for yourself lately? Stanley would never regret hurting me, but he would sure regret it when the word of his violence got around.
Youre slouching. Mom hissed behind her teacup. My spine automatically corrected itself as I shot her an annoyed look. Cristina and Annabelle were a few tables away eating lunch with a girl I recognized from second class, while I had somehow gotten roped in to having lunch with Penelope.
Miss Royce, how has your journey been so far? Mother inquired politely, pretending to be interested. Penelope was one of the swoony types, which I knew mother disliked to the extreme.
Its been very enjoyable, Mrs. Ashby. The luxuries on this ship are splendid, as is the company. Penelope said brightly.
Speaking of which, I cannot ignore the fact that you seem to be very close to the Duke. It was more than obvious which Duke she was referring to: Henry was not only the only Duke on the ship, but he was also incredibly popular in general. I felt a flare of irritation at the mention of his name. He was no better than the rest of them. 
Henry and I have spent a lot of time together, She smiled indulgently, like she was showing off an exclusively designed dress by the best designer of France. and father has encouraged our union. Henry, however, seems adamant. Penelope uttered the last part reluctantly. So he wasnt interested in her, I thought smugly.
Adamant? Mother echoed, encouraging Penelope to speak further.
Im afraid he views me more like a sister. Every time I try to spend time with him he becomes withdrawn. I even tried to speak with him after dinner, but he was nowhere to be found. She sighed. It suddenly occurred to me that I had been the one keeping Henry from her last night. I stared at Penelope impassively and kept an innocent expression on my face.
There was an awkward silence at the table. The silence was beckoning me to spill the truth, so to distract myself, I said, Thats too bad. Mothers calculating gaze suddenly fell on me shrewdly, as if she just realized I was sitting beside her. Penelope finished her lunch and promptly excused herself. As soon as she was out of earshot Mother rounded on me.
Have you lost your mind?
I looked at her with a mix of surprise and confusion. Pardon?
Henry was missing last night. She retorted, as if that explained everything. And coincidentally, it did. 
Yes, so Ive heard. I murmur casually, trying my best to imitate her dismissive manner that always seemed to work. But it didnt work this time. If anything, mother appeared to be more incensed.
And so were you. You better pray that my suspicions arent true. She hissed darkly, being mindful of our surroundings. Her clear blue eyes, which often reminded me of the sky on a sunny day, appeared to be as furious as the stormy Atlantic.
I avoided her gaze furtively and pretended to be offended. I dont know what youre trying to accuse me of, but its not true. Mother took a glance at Cristina, who was preparing to leave, and yanked me to my feet.
Lets find out about that. She pulled me along in the direction of Cristina, who halted when she saw us approach.
What are you doing? The panic was nearly evident in my voice. I resisted the urge to dig my feet into the ground and run in the opposite direction. I felt childish, but that was only because I was ridiculously afraid on facing mothers undiluted rage. She was a snide fighter, using words and snark, and those were the worst.
Were going to test your alibi. She answered resolutely.
Mrs. Ashby, Ophelia. Cristina greeted, nodding at each of us. Her brilliant red hair was pinned up gracefully, gleaming in the sunlight streaming through the window. She looked pleased to see me, although rather puzzled at the determined expression on mothers face.
My mother jumped into interrogation without preamble. Hello Cristina. I wanted to ask where you were last night after dinner? Interestingly enough, Cristina morphed into an unflattering shade of red. The blush stretched from her face well into her neck, where her skin met the neck of her dress. Cristina was bold and confident, and quite honestly I dont think Ive ever seen her blush. Thankfully I was angled behind mother as Cristinas worried gaze met mine. I pointed to myself hastily, providing her with an answer.
I-I was with Ophelia, of course. She stuttered, chuckling nervously. Her answer sounded more like a question, but then again she was practically playing a game of charades. Mother glanced over her shoulder at me, unconvinced. I stared back at her blankly, supporting Cristinas story. It was evident she wanted to ask more, but this wasnt the right time or placeespecially with hordes of gossip-hungry women around. 
Very well. Ophelia, if I discover youve been behaving other than exemplary there will be consequences. Mother assured, giving me a weary look before striding off and offering her greetings to Lady Duff Gordon.
What just happened? Cristina blurted.
Its a long story. I said quietly, not sure where to begin. I wasnt even sure if I wanted to begin. I couldnt exactly explain without having to recount last night, and I wasnt looking forward to reliving the experience so soon.
I think Ill keep up. I mean, I kept up with your impossible excuse, which I had no idea even existed until I was involved in it. She retorted, scowling. I glanced at her apologetically. 
Lets take this somewhere else. I suggested quietly, taking up Cristina when she offered to visit her cabin. Her room was decorated in a more modern manner, but it was still very luxurious. The sitting room had a warm fire crackling behind wide brocaded arm chairs. On the mantle, there was a vase full of fresh flowers.
I have this room all to myself, so you can speak in confidence. She said, encouraging me to make myself comfortable in the sitting room. I dropped into one of the arm chairs unceremoniously, crossing and un-crossing my legs as I found a way to begin.
Alright, start talking.
I saw Henry last night. Again. Cristina gave me an unimpressed look and propped her legs up on a low table that sat in front of her.
Im not surprised. You two were making eyes at each other all night. She said, unsurprised.
Thats not the worst of it. The things he said She suddenly leaned forward, much more interested in my story.
Keep talking, She urged. Her eyes narrowed but remained unblinking.
Henry wanted me to leave Stanley and marry him instead. Cristina mouth fell open in shock and she gaped at me for long seconds.
Well, what did you answer?
Thats where it gets complicated. I dont want to fall in love with him blindly all over again to get hurt. Hehe told me why he left me. Cristina waved her hand at me in agitation, begging me to continue.
Henry told me he had been trying to protect me. I continued vaguely. She wrinkled her nose in confusion.
Protect you from what?
He was protecting me from his father. Apparently he had plotting toto kill me. I had to spit out the last part forcefully. Thinking someone tried to kill me was shocking, but saying out loud solidified it somehow, and made it that much more frightening.
Cristina pitched forward in her seat with an unbelieving gasp. Thats impossible. I know he didnt like you, but trying to kill you is a bit much!
Thats what I thought. But Henry said he found correspondence between his father and a gunman that suggested otherwise. I said flatly.
Cristinas mouth flapped open and closed as she tried to fumble for words. Did he go to the police?
I dont know. I didnt askI was just so angry with him. He chose to leave because he wanted to keep me safe. I said, grimacing at the latter word. Right now I wanted to be anything but safe. I know he was trying to do me a favor, but I wouldve preferred to stay by his side. We would have found a way. Together.
 Cristinas eyes, the color of bright foliage on a sunny day, contemplated me hopelessly. Are you truly that upset with him? He was, after all, being mindful of your safety.
I picked at the delicate lace sleeves of my dress in hopes of fumbling for an answer. I justwe were a team. And I wouldve rather suffered everything that his father couldve thrown at us together than going a day without him.
Considering everything that happened after Henry left, being upset makes sense. His actions snowballed into moving away with your uncle, and perhaps even arranged to Stanley. It is infuriating to know someone altered your life so much without giving a choice. She said thoughtfully. 
What should I do? Cristina never tried to throw her opinion on people, but right now I needed her council. She turned a strand of her fiery hair through her finger while she thought of an answer.
I think its obvious that Henry made a mistake. But he did it for love, not to brow-beat you or make you submit. I think youre very fortunate to have him, someone who would sacrifice themselves to keep you safe. Take advantage of his love before it becomes too late, Ophelia. She finished, smiling kindly. She was right. Henry made a mistake, but he did it because he loved me. I couldnt help the foolish smile that broke out on my face in realization.
Cristina rolled her eyes heavenward, muttering something about lovesick fool. Ive got somewhere to be, but you can use my cabin as long as you like. She said, plucking a pretty silk shawl from her bedroom and draping it around herself. I heaved a determined sigh and marched out of the cabin before I cowered.
I was just about to make up an excuse and shuffle away when Henry swung the door to his cabin open. Ophelia. Come in. He said breathlessly, stepping back to let me through the door. His normally windswept hair looked stringier today, and he had dark circles under his eyes, the kind that only came around after a bad nights sleep. We regarded each other tentatively before he spoke up.
Im sorry about what happened. It was a mistake, but I was desperate to keep you alive. I held up a hand before he could continue. He looked desperate to explain, but not as desperate as I felt.
Henry, I didnt mean what I said yesterday.
His eyes lit up. You didnt?
No. I was having a rough night, and I was being selfish. I murmured, reaching up and running my hand through his hair. His hair was as silky and untamed as I remembered. I mean, I am upset about what you did, but whats done is done. I want to move on while I still canwith you.
He gave me a dazzling smile. Of course, Ophelia. Anything for you. He wrapped his warm arms around me and held me tight. I smiled into his shoulder as his scent washed through me.
Therell be a lot of things well have to face, Henry. I reminded him. But we will do it, together. He nodded against my head firmly and placed a chaste kiss on the top of my head.
Maybe I shouldnt have asked, but I couldnt help repeating the question ringing in my head. Henrywhy didnt you tell me anything?
it all happened so soon. He explained. I was afraid father would hurt you. And I knew if I told you anything you wouldnt leave. I love you so much, and I couldnt bring myself to put you in danger. I just couldnt, birdy. A warm flush ran through me as his words rang in the air. Birdy had always been his pet name for me.
Do you know why I call you birdy? Hot air tickled my skin as he whispered. I shook my head. I call you birdy because you showed me what it was like to be free. And sometimes, if you truly love something, you have to let it go. You have to set it free for its own good.
My eyes stung with unshed tears, tears of joy and appreciation. So I did the only thing I could think of to show what I felt for him at that moment. Kiss me.
Chapter 8
Henry met my gaze for a moment before leaning in and placing his lips on mine. His hot lips scorched on mine gently before they grew rougher. It didnt take long to become familiar with what I once knew so well. Henry snaked his hands onto my waist and I found my way to his hair. I tried to hold back a sigh as he nipped on my lower lip, quickly soothing the soft bite with his tongue.
His hand somehow slipped its way into the pinned mass of hair on my head and pulled back roughly, exposing my neck to him. He planted hot, open-mouthed kisses on my neck before placing a soft bite on my pulse-point.
A loud knock on the door suddenly drew us apart. I scrambled from his lap hastily and looked at Henry in panic. It took a moment for the lust-filled haze to vanish from his eyes, but a more urgent knock brought the issue back to attention.
Stay here. Dont make a sound. He whispered, guiding me to his bedroom and closing the door that connected it to the sitting room. I trailed over to the large four-poster bed in the corner of the room and plopped down onto it. There was a small mirror placed over a sparkling white washbasin, most likely used for Henrys shaving. Currently, however, it was reflecting my horrifying appearance. My elaborated coiffure was about to tumble apart, my lips were flushed and swollen, and there was red circle at the base of my neck where Henry had bitten me.
Muffled voices from the other room drew my attention. One of the voices was high, nasally, and startlingly familiar. It was Penelope. Shamelessly, I scurried over to the door and placed my ear next to it gingerly, trying to catch as much of their conversation.
What is the matter with you, Henry? She said, sounding rather annoyed. Her voice, usually annoying but pleasant, had taken a malicious tinge.
Penelope, I think youre overthinking our relationship. I heard Henry say seriously. There was an exasperated sigh before Penelope replied.
Youve never given me any reason not to pursue a romantic relationship between us. She said stubbornly. I had to resist the urge to stomp out there and point out the large love bite on my neck. But this was Henrys responsibility, and this was his chance to rebuild our trust. So I held my breath and waited for his reply.
Perhaps not, but Ive never encouraged you, either. I see you as the younger sister that I never had. Please accept that, Penelope. He replied, his voice smooth as honey but authoritative. I placed a smothering hand over my face and tried not to gloat.
Alright, maybe Ive been a little jealous of her.
Fine. She replied begrudgingly. A surge of pride coursed through me for Henry.
Now, please tell your father that Id be happy to have some drinks with him before dinner. Henry instructed, swiftly ushering Penelope out of the cabin. His footsteps retreated towards the bedroom. Not wanting to be caught eavesdropping, I ran to Henrys bed and jumped on it as the door swung open.
Sorry about that. He said apologetically, coming to sit beside me on the bed.
Its alright. I murmured softly, waving him away. There was an off-beat of silence before Henry took up the conversation once more.
So, where did we leave off...? He mused mischievously, grinning as I looked at him scornfully. When I stayed at his estate, the most we ever did was kiss. And it seemed like the current situation was complicated enough as it was without getting myself compromised.
Actually, Ive got a better question.
Oh? Henry leaned in, interested.
Who was at the door? The question was innocent enough, but enough to distract him.
It was Penelope, and thats all Im going to say. I dont want to waste time talking about her. I felt a loose pin on my head come loose. Before the lock of hair could tumble down, I grabbed at my hair and tried to pin it back.
Your hair is a mess! He chuckled, pointing at my precarious coiffure. I grumbled at him and stood in front of the mirror, trying to readjust the pins holding my hair together.
No thanks to you. Youre already being a nuisance. I accused at his reflection, avoiding Henrys gaze when grinned at me lazily.
 Dont be coy; you wanted to be with me the moment you saw me on this ship. He assured, sitting up on the bed.
I didnt! I countered quickly.
And you were dying to kiss me. He continued pompously, grinning from ear to ear. I rolled my eyes at his overconfidence, fighting the urge to grin despite myself.
Actually, when I first saw you, I wanted to push you off the boarding ramp. I said decidedly, recalling the dread and panic I felt when I spotted him. Henry placed hand over his wounded heart and strode over to me, holding my gaze evenly.
Liar.
Suddenly he spread his arms out around me and threw me over his shoulder. Put me down! I shrieked helplessly, kicking my legs frantically. Henry chortled at my struggle and gripped the back of my legs firmly.
Not until you admit how bad you want me! He hedged stubbornly, swinging me in circles. Easy giggles slipped past my mouth and the bedroom spun around me. Stop being so stubborn and admit it!
I ignored him. Actually, I think Im going to be sick. I faked.
Henry instantly stopped and threw me down onto the soft bed as if I was on fire, staring at me fearfully. Henry leaped back as I pretended to leap forward to vomit.
Youre a good liar, Ill give you that. He grumbled, crossing his arms and leaning against the bed as I laughed at him loudly. Suddenly the huge lungful of air I was consuming wasn't enough, and I started feeling light-headed. Henry stepped forward in concern when he noted my ashen face.
Are you alright?
My corset strings, I need them loosened. I said slowly, feeling like a fish out of the water. In a flash Henry turned me over on the bed and sat over me, effectively undoing my dress. He started yanking the strings of the restrictive garment impatiently, nearly ripping it apart. The corset gradually expanded, easing the choking sensation. I took a deep breath of relief and let Henry turn me over on my back, settling back against the pillows. He handed me a cool glass of water and observed me carefully.
Thanks. I said sheepishly, taking a sip of the refreshing water.
So much for laughing till youre blue in the face. He retorted softly, shaking his head in amusement.
Sorry about tricking you. I muttered begrudgingly, glancing at him over my cup.
Its alright. It seems fate made it up to me by letting me rip your clothes off. Henry winked, chuckling in satisfaction when I scowled.
Youre a savage. I commented.
Im incorrigible. He amended, playing with my unoccupied hand.
That too. I agreed hastily, grinning as Henry gave me a scolding look. He pulled a silver pocket watch from his waistcoat and opened it expertly, grimacing at the time.
I have to go meet with Royce. A small scowl emerged on my face before I could stop it. Henry laughed at my expression and kissed my forehead gently.
Dont go.
Its for the best. Besides, we shouldnt attract too much attention. If your family gets even the slightest suspicion about us it could ruin everything. He reminded me. I nodded slowly and allowed him to stand up reluctantly, watching as he went about the room getting ready. I quickly remembered my loosened corset and stood from the bed, holding my dress up as it threatened to fall.
Can you help me dress? Henry finished adjusting his cufflinks and looked up at me
What for? You look much better without it.
I lifted my shoulders nonchalantly. Youre right. I should parade through the deck in my undergarments. Henrys face darkened as he saw me lunge for the door. He cut me off by stepping in my path and gripped my shoulders.
Turn around. He instructed begrudgingly. I obliged and felt his long fingers readjusting the strings of my corset, tightening them slightly.
Its not tight enough.
Im not going to squeeze the air out of you. He protested. I dont understand why people insist on wearing these things. When were together Im going to burn every single corset I find. He announced, moving on to do the row buttons on my dress. Today Id been wearing a light lavender dress with lace trimmings.
You should have said that from the start. It wouldve won me over much earlier. I gasped, feigning astonishment. Henry grinned wryly as he finished buttoning up my dress clumsily with large fingers.
Well, keep it in mind if you ever start having any second thoughts. He grumbled, playing with a few strands of hair that fell around my face affectionately.
Will do.
Should I call on someone to help style your hair? After nearly choking, my coiffure was now an unintelligible mess. I would have to take it all down and re-pin it myself.
No, Ill manage. I assured him, placing a soft kiss on his lips as he strolled through the door.
A thought suddenly struck me left. Wed been practically acting like a married couple. A dazzling smile broke out on my face as I brushed out my hair and started re-styling it.
Chapter 9
With the rest of the afternoon before me in a boring stretch, I decided to wait for Cristina in her cabin. I eased myself into her room and prepared to thank her for her advice, confident that she would be thrilled to hear about our reconciliation.
I should have knocked. 
There was a lanky figure standing by the fireplace. Just as he whirled around to face me Cristina emerged from her bedroom, freezing mid-step when she saw me. They both glanced at each other furtively, but the flash of panic in their eyes was apparent. There was an astonished moment of silence before Cristina spoke up. 
This is Elliott. She stated simply, avoiding my gaze. I nodded politely at the young man, who looked no older than I was. He had a thick, silky mane of blonde hair and eyes that reminded me of green olives. He cleared his throat awkwardly and nodded back at me firmly, giving Cristina a weary glance before striding out of the cabin. As soon as the door shut, my mouth opened. 
"Who was that?" I blurted cynically, pointing over my shoulder at the door.
Cristina blinked. I just said his name was Elliott.
Questions starting pouring out of my mouth before I could stop them. When did you meet him? He was dressed in uniform, is he part of the crew? My incessant questions stopped when Cristina started chuckling.
I met him three days ago. And yes, hes one of the watchmen. As she spoke about him, her eyes green eyes started to glow like emeralds. A breathless smile overtook her face, even though shed been standing in the same place for minutes. 
Do you like him? 
Jesus, Ophelia, I hardly know him. I chuckled nervously at her disbelieving face.
Well, he doesnt seem like your usual type Cristina was infamous and blatant in her pursuits with men. She is proud of her unabashed actions: some people accuse her of not having morals, but Cristina explains that the only difference is that she doesnt try to sweep her dirt under the rug. The only thing her men had in common were there large bank balances, something Elliott evidently didnt have.
I suppose youre right. But hes good company. I arched an eyebrow suggestively.
Hes good talking company. She amended, enunciating her words so forcefully it almost sounded like she was telling. Hes hardworking and honest to a fault. I like that about him. But enough about me, how did it go with Henry?
I thought of our words, his kisses, and the tender way in which he held me. It went better than I even thought. I think were together now. Cristina took in the silly smile on my face and looked at me warmly.
Im not surprised. Its obvious you two are still in love. Im surprised you didnt tear each others clothes off by now. And then something felt amiss. Annabelle wasnt here. Where Cristina was lewd and inappropriate, Anna was soothing and proper. The lack of balance was almost palpable.
Have you seen Anna? Cristina lit up like a light. 
Well, she started, like she had a really good story to tell. While you were cavorting around with the Duke- 
Hey! I protested. True to her character, she ignored me entirely. 
-I happened to have some time on my hands. Havent you noticed how Annabelle keeps disappearing? Like an open book flipping in front of me I remembered when Anna had suddenly left me on deck. Cristina noted my hesitance. 
Again, you were cavorting around with the Duke- I gave her a reproaching look.
Annas been spending a lot of time in the library. Now I understand shes a bookworm, but if shes been reading as much as she claims to be I wouldve thought shed gone blind by now. She said dryly.
So I followed her once. I glanced at her in accusation and surprise.
You spied on her? I take it for you to follow her around like a lost puppy mustve taken a lot of boredom. She addressed me with a playful, lingering smile, like she knew something I didnt.
When I followed her, I found her kissing someonequite heatedly, I might add. My face went slack in astonishment. She smiled triumphantly at my reaction.
Are we speaking about the same Anna? Who was she kissing? Cristina leaned forward like she was about to tell me a really important secret, and my figure mirrored hers subconsciously.
Vincent Smith.
Vincent Smith? I gasped and nearly shrieked and the same time. She nodded at me smugly. Vincent Smith was the rake of high society. Hes relatively new money, with his family building a fortune in mining dating a couple of generations back. His exotic bronzed looks make most parents detest him, but girls love it. That, combined with his cavalier manner of throwing money around and bedding women, makes him subject of idle rumors and frequent scandals. Every young man longs to be him, and every lady dreams to ensnare him. He leaves a trail of broken hearts everywhere he goes, not that the ladies seem to mind. 
Do...do you think he would hurt her? Cristina thought about my question and fiddled with her hair absentmindedly.
Rumor has it that the only pain he causes is the good kind, so I wouldnt worry. She answered wickedly, winking at me. I rolled my eyes in exasperation. 
Im serious, Cristina. Do you not care about Anna at all? Vincent doesnt seem to have much consideration where women are concerned.
Cristina became somber as she answered. I think this will be good for her. How many times do you think shes enjoyed the attention of a man? She took my silence as permission to continue. I reckon never. She deserves to feel beautiful, unlike her family treats her. Considering the brute she has for a brother and father, Im sure Vincent will be more than good for her. Besides, as vulnerable as she appears to be, shes a strong woman. Otherwise I doubt shed be able to last in her situation at all. She doesnt need us meddling. As much as I hated to admit it, she did have a point. Annabelle deserved something to look forward to, even if it came in the form of a dangerous philanderer. The subject faded away as we chatted idly before going our separate ways.
Tonights dinner had been much better than it was the past nights. Instead of having a stiff, quiet meal with Royce and his daughter, we sat at a large table with a variety of people. Henry and his friends (including Vincent) came together for a youthful evening, leaving all the chaperones at other tables. Fortunately Annabelle and Cristina were there also there with me, so I never felt out of company. Taking a quick glance around the crowded table, my eyes quickly settled on Annabelle. Her faced was more flushed than usual, and her eyes were bright...she was happy. Cristina, who was sitting beside me, followed my gaze and leaned in. 
She looks content, doesnt she? 
I nodded. I havent seen her this happy in a long time. Cristina agreed quietly and went back to eating with renewed enthusiasm. Stanley was sitting on my other hand, taking hasty gulps from his wine and continuously refilling his glass. Henry was sitting somewhere across from me, and Penelope had somehow managed to tag along and sit beside him. 
I bit back a wave of annoyance as Penelope subtly placed her hand on Henrys arm. He eased her away absentmindedly and continued to eat, completely absorbed in something Vincent was saying. I tried to bite back a victorious grin at Penelopes rejection but barely succeeded, receiving a curious glance from Cristina. Inconspicuously, I rolled my eyes in Penelopes direction. Cristina caught on soon enough and gave me a conspiratorial glance while grinning craftily. 
Say, Henry, how is your fiance? Henry froze mid-sip and looked like a deer in the headlights. From the corner of my eye, I could see Penelope drop her spoon in surprise. I held back a reluctant chuckle at her panicked reaction and gave Cristina a warning glance.
Henry looked at Cristina cautiously before answering. I-I dont have a fiance at the moment. He said uncertainly, making his statement sound more like a question. Cristina pretended to suddenly recall something and clapped her hands together in remembrance. 
Thats right, I forgot about Estefania. Forgive me for the mistake. Henry nodded and accepted her phony apology. Penelope suddenly perked up, the color finally returning to her face. 
Oh, Estefania was the worst. After what she did to Henry. She said indulgently, shaking her head in disapproval. Her fierce defense of Henry was starting to make her look like an over-eager lap-dog. 
Well, she cant be worse than other girls hes known. At least she doesnt throw herself at him. I said slyly, casually continuing to eat even after most movement at the table had ceased. 
My comment wasnt directed at Penelope deliberately, but it might as well have been. Her face was flushed with embarrassment and she avoided everyones eyes by staring at her lap. Henry met my gaze and arched an eyebrow curiously, silently inquiring about my behavior. The table remained in awkward silence until Annabelle spoke up softly. 
Maybe we should ask Vincent, he seems to have plenty of experience in that area. She teased, grinning as his friends broke out in uproarious laughter. Vincent looked at her in lazy bemusement and shrugged. 
I dont think Ill be of much help on that; Ive been labeled more of a skirt-chaser as of late. He murmured amusedly, staring deeply at Anna as he replied to her jibe. I shot her a grateful look for speaking up and she responded by nodding imperceptibly.
I told you Vincent was good for Annabelle. When was the last time you heard her make a joke in public? Cristina whispered, still advocating on Vincents behalf. It was true, though. Annabelle is beginning to change little by little, starting with her confidence. It was long overdue, considering that Annabelles peaches-and-cream complexion made her stand out beautifully. She was truly stunning. I grumbled an agreement at Cristina as the last course was served. I took small bites off my plate, but I was absolutely bursting with food. The fact that my corset was restraining me abdomen wasnt helping, either.
Dinner finished uneventfully, something that at this point I was thankful for. I sat on my bed reading a book I had borrowed earlier. No better thing to fall asleep than Shakespeare. A soft knock on the door interrupted Romeos soliloquy. 
Come in. A familiar first-class maid, Elaine, poked her head through the door and looked around my room hesitantly. 
Is there anything I could help you with? Elaine walked through the door and closed it slowly, strolling in front of the bed and fishing something out of her crisp white apron. She produced a folded piece of paper and handed it to me. 
This is for you, miss. Plucking the paper from her hand, I failed to find any form of signature. 
Who is this from? The young girl looked around my cabin once again dubiously, searching for the presence of another person. 
Theres no one here. I assured her. 
Very well, then. Its from the Duke. I nodded appreciatively, understanding her secrecy. She excused herself promptly and left me alone to open his letter. 

Ophelia, 
I was planning to pay you a visit after dinner, but I seem to be under observation from your mother. Thankfully there are only a few days until we land in New York. Lord, give me patience. 
Love
Henry. 
I committed his writing to memory by tracing over each letter carefully. Part of me was surprised I even agreed to Henrys proposition at all. But seeing things like this only reminded of how much more he could give me. Perhaps I was losing everything by planning to leave my family, but I knew that I was gaining even more with Henry. He loved me, even when others couldnt. 
Regretfully, keeping the letter would only put our plan at risk. No, it was better to destroy any evidence of our renewed...affections. With a reluctant sigh, I paced to the blazing fireplace and chucked the letter inside of it. The crisp white paper was instantly ablaze, burning in hues of blue and orange. I continued to stare at the fireplace until there was no trace of paper, only ashes. Satisfied, I crawled back to bed and dimmed the lights, sleeping with a smile firmly etched on my face. 
Morning came around faster than I expected, and I found Mother wearily looming over me as she awoke me. 
Why did you wake me up so early? I asked groggily. 
Were attending the church service this morning. She explained, ignoring my pained grunt. 
Why? We hardly ever go to church. Mother abided by the morals of the church, but she wasnt exactly...enthusiastic about it. 
Precisely. God forbid a rumor about us being Protestants. The windows were opened abruptly, bathing the room in blinding sunlight and refreshing breeze.
I rose from bed and prepared like a sleepwalker, stiffly stepping into my clothes and poking myself three times before I managed to get my earrings clasped. 
What is the matter with you this morning? Mother exclaimed, helping put on my gloves after I had slipped them on inside-out. 
Well its not like Ive got a full nights rest now, did I? I retorted blearily, trying to crank my swollen, sleepy eyes open. Mother ignored me with a huff, slipping on her gloves and barely remembering to fetch her bible. 
Oh yes, dont forget your bible. God forbid people thinking youre a Protestant. I mocked annoyingly. No one knew how fussy I was when I was tired better than my mother. I almost felt bad for her. 
Almost. 
Youre insufferable this morning. But Im warning you now, Ophelia, you must be on your best behavior! She shrilled, clasping a hand around my arm and dragging me out of our cabin. 
Chapter 10
Surprisingly, I wasnt the only sleepy one. Most people who attended the service were somberly quiet, and I had no doubt in my mind that they were wishing to sleep. I was actually quite grateful for the silence, because I was not in the mood to humor anyone.
Uncle Carlton found a pew that would sit all of us and we squeezed in. I smiled tentatively at the other people sitting in the pew and looked around restlessly. Anything to distract me from falling asleep mid-service. 
I did a double-take when I saw Henry a few rows behind me, staring at me intently. He immediately recognized my tired face and grinned at me. 
Tired? He mouthed.
I nodded imperceptibly; making sure no one was staring at me. I felt the blood start pounding through me just by looking at me.
He shook his head bemusedly and mouthed, I love you. 
I turned away from his gaze as I felt my face flush. Henry had probably said those words to me many times, but he always managed to mean it. It was in the way he glanced at me, when he stared so intensively that he looked right through me and I could do nothing to help myself. His eyes were like a void: deep pools of green that would pull you in inevitably. 
God, I had missed him so much. His comfort, his laugh, or the way his eyes furrowed infinitesimally whenever he was upset. With each second that passed, I started counting down the minutes until we could be together. Truly together. 
The rest of the service continued fairly uneventful. Cristina was nowhere to be found, and half-way through the service I found Annabelle sitting beside Vincent and his family quietly. I looked for her brother and father, but neither were to be found. They probably skipped the service...again. With a resigned sigh, I turned away from the couple and attempted to contribute to the hymns being sung. 
A few hours later I paced towards the back of the first class library, intending to return some books I had borrowed previously. As I left to exit the crowded room, a flash of unusual bronze caught my eye. 
To my chagrin, it was Vincent. He was too busy reading a book to notice my stare, along with almost every other young lady in the library. The girls stole small, wistful glances at him when their parents werent looking. No one promised adventure and pleasure like Vincent Smith. I slowly strolled over to his seat hesitantly and ignored the curious glances of the ladies around me. Should I be blunt with him? At this point, the only thing I knew is that I wanted to protect Annabelle. I just didnt know how. 
As my figure cast a shadow over the book he was reading, Vincent glanced up at me inquisitively. 
Can I help you, Miss Ashby? His mahogany eyes were large and attentive. Im not quite sure where he learned my name from, but it felt as if he knew a lot about me. Something in his stare was strangely unnerving.
Er, yes. I would like to speak to you about- Vincent quickly interrupted me and urged me to sit in the chair across from his, tucking his book away. Once seated, I continued my question. 
I would like to speak with you about my friend, Annabelle. He regarded me coolly. 
What about Miss Annabelle? This was the tricky part, I thought nervously, fiddling with my fingers. 
I know that you have...an understanding with her. I whispered, avoiding the eavesdropping ears of the people around me. 
Im afraid I dont follow. He replied tentatively. Oh, forget it. No need to beat around the bush. 
Listen here, just dont hurt her. I huffed out impatiently. 
Anna is a lot tougher than you give her credit for. Anna? Since when were they on such close terms? 
Annabelle. Vincent amended quickly, realizing his slip of tongue. I quickly dismissed it and continued my argument. 
Annabelles family- 
Those two brutes are fortunate I havent smashed their heads in. Yet. He interrupted slowly, meeting my surprised gaze evenly. For the first time Vincent looked like he lost his composure, his eyes burning with uncontained rage and fierce protection. 
So he knew what they did to her. How did he find out so quickly? It had taken me months before I cornered Anna enough to learn the truth. 
Anna trusts you. I observed quietly. He nodded slowly in response. Unsure on how to continue from thereon, I opened my mouth but failed to produce any words. 
Annabelle could use someone. I explained. To be honest, Im not quite sure youre right for the job. Its common knowledge that youre not exactly...dependable, but Annabelle chose to trust you. I will also trust her judgment on this. 
Vincent grinned at me, amused. Why, Im honored.
I know that Im probably asking too much, but could you please help her? Anna cannot bear with her family for much longer.
Of course. Vincent replied simply. As a matter of fact, I am already helping her.
Really? I blurted, surprised. Why would someone like him concern himself with someone like Annabelle? Perhaps he actually cared for her?
Truly. But we have to be discreet, you understand. Vincent said cheekily, giving me a pointed glance. Like he knew something...
He knew about my plan with Henry.
Good God, does that man not know the meaning of discretion? I muttered. 
Not when it concerns you. Vincent answered, chuckling. Dont worry though; your secret is safe with me. He winked. 
Thank you for your time. I backpedaled hastily. Farewell. He grinned at me like an amused feline and waved lazily.
After the rather embarrassing meeting with Vincent, I spent at least an hour trying to find Cristina. The search was fruitless, and I ended up holed up in my cabin for a few hours. 
Between the few hours of boredom and illicit glasses of brandy, I got struck by the idea of seeing Henry. A feeling of desperation came over me; I couldnt wait to see him. Stumbling up from my bed, I glanced at myself at the vanity and left my cabin. 
The door to Henrys cabin opened silently. The doors are very well oiled, I thought, standing under the doorframe and swinging the door back and forth and trying to coax a creak from it. 
Henry suddenly emerged from his bedroom, fiddling with his cuffs. He froze mid-step when he saw me. 
What are you doing here? He asked gently, a ghost of a smile over his features.
I was bored. I said loudly, cringing when I heard my voice echo in the room. 
Henry gave me a curious look. Have you been drinking? 
I was bored. I repeated, shrugging. He approached at held me by my elbows, looking at me with a mixture of amusement and tenderness. 
How much have you had to drink? 
A little. I mumbled, snuggling into the crook of Henrys neck and sighing deeply. He placed one hand one the small of my back and another on my head, playing with my hair soothingly. 
Lets get you some coffee. You need to sober up. He said, dropping his arms and reaching for the bell. 
No. I said childishly, refusing to release myself from his grip. Instead I wrapped my arms around Henrys torso and clung to him. 
Let go. He said softly, pursing his lips. His lips...
I wondered if they still felt the way I remembered. Spontaneously, my head inched closer to his. Our lips met softly, warmth searing from his hips and raging through my limbs. Tentatively, I snaked my arms through his smooth locks, gripping his face close to mine. Henry groaned quietly and loosely wrapped his hands around my waist, squeezing gently. I broke the kiss swiftly as I felt a gurgling sensation in my stomach. 
I think Im going to be ill. I blurted, clapping a hand over my mouth. Henry quickly wrapped an arm around my waist and nearly carried me to the toilet at precisely the last second. I heaved repeatedly in revolting waves, my throat burning as my stomach was emptied. Afterwards, I gripped the toilet exhaustively with clammy hands, too tired to move. 
Henry suddenly appeared beside me once more, holding a cool rag in his hand. He pressed it to my forehead and helped me clean out my mouth quietly. Once the buzz and heated feeling of the alcohol had subsided, he escorted me back his bed.
Thank you.
He nodded, sitting beside me and handing me a glass of water. Youre welcome. We sat side by side silently for a few moments before laughed.
You never change, do you? When I was with him we would sometimes dare me to have a few drinks. Of course, a few drinks for me were a lot stronger than a few drinks to him.
Actually, Ive only drank once before today. You know, after I left your estate. I said quietly, trying to repress the dark memories of heartbreak that had somehow convinced me drinking was a good idea.
Im sorry that I ever had to leave you. Through his apology, I felt a flare of annoyance.
Why didnt you tell me anything? I couldve kept a secret. His green eyes snapped to mine as he looked at me disbelievingly.
Could you have kept the secret, truly? Not being able to exchange a single letter, a few words, a few kisses? Having to stay away from you was the hardest thing Ive ever done.
I was relentless. Yes, I could have, it was better than the alternative. Do you know what its like to feel irrelevant? To feel left abandoned by the person you love? 
Henry met my eyes evenly. How do you think I felt when you moved on? I felt like an ass, because I hurt you. I assumed you hated me. Then your deadbeat fiance walked in and takes you away. I scoffed softly and stared into his green eyes.
I never hated you. The only reason I got engaged to Stanley was because I thought you had already forgotten all about me. That, and Carltons relentless badgering for me to marry Stanley. Henry shook his head slowly.
I was so close to whisking you away. I should have. I gasped softly in surprise.
When was this? He tugged his hand through his curls before answering.
It was sometime after you got engaged. I snuck into your bedroom late at night, prepared to explain everything to you and praying youd take me back. Then I saw that atrocious thing on your finger. He groaned, nudging towards my engagement ring. I realized youd probably be better off without me anyway. You had already picked up the pieces and got your life moving again, and here I was just going to waltz in and draw you back. I climbed on his lap and gripped his face in mine, making sure that he looked straight into my eyes.
Silly little fool. You could never hold me back. I said softly, looking deeply into his eyes and trying to somehow convey everything I felt for him.
We stood motionless for a few seconds, just staring at each other. There was a silent agreement; he was sorry, and I forgave him. With a reluctant sigh, I eased off of Henrys lap and got to my feet.
Will you be joining us for dinner? I asked, silently hoping he said yes.
Im afraid not. Royce made plans with someone else. He answered sadly. I held back an ironic chuckle.
Of all the times I didnt want you at dinner, it had to be today? He shrugged and cracked a small grin, soft dimples forming on his cheeks.
Speaking of which, dont you have to go get ready? After spending hours lazing in my room, the dinner bell would ring at any minute.
You know, for someone who professes their undying love for me, you sure do seem eager to get rid of me. I accused, crossing my arms. Henry looked absolutely bewildered.
Get rid of you? Im itching to lock you up so that I could have you all to myself. He said, as if it was the most obvious thing.
Prove it. With those two simple words, Henrys face was suddenly masked with confidence. I held my breath as he strolled to me with a sly smirk on his face and leaned in, his soft breath near my ear.
Darling, I think youve already spent enough time on my bed. Dont you? My mouth opened and closed like a fish, completely side blinded. As I felt my face flush, I realized that some things between us havent changed.
Goodbye I stuttered, striding out of his room clumsily and ignoring his echoing laughter. By the time I reached my cabin my face didnt feel flushed, and I wasnt quite as breathless. I eased through the door, only to stop short as Mother sat in front of it. Masking my face in what I hoped was aloofness, I met yes eyes.
Surprise seeing you here. I said quietly. By the look of her evening dress and the pair of silk gloves she was holding, it was obvious she had already dressed for dinner.
This is our cabin. I was surprised to see you werent here. She replied wearily, her eyes staring through me like a mountain lion stalking its prey. I shrugged.
Where have you been, Ophelia? She probed seriously.
I stared at the intricate rug at my feet. Oh, Ive been about. I hedged,  trying to use my best carefree voice. From my view of the floor, Mothers polished shoes came into my periphery.
Honestly, I dont want to know. Dont do something you will regret, Ophelia. She warned. As if on cue, the dinner bells went off. I ignored her intense gaze and moved past her into my bedroom, preparing to change into the clothes that were already laid out for me.
Oh mother, I thought, if you only knew. Im not doing anything Ill regret: Im doing something that I should have done a long time ago.
Chapter 11
Without Henry present, dinner was unbearably boring. Tonight I sat with Stanley, Carlton and Mother, and some of Mothers aristocratic friends. Id been suppressing the urge to yawn or fidget as much as I could. Stanley and Carlton talked about politics on one side of the table, and mother gossiped with her friends on the other end. I was trapped awkwardly somewhere in between, somehow falling through the cracks of the two groups. From my peripheral I saw Henry. 
I couldnt stop the twinge of excitement that ran through my body. Today he seemed even more handsome than previously. His dimpled smile was dazzling. He looked comfortable, but steadily confident as well. I flash of blonde twinkled beside him, and I noted that Penelope had managed to end up seated next to him. She was all smiles and giggles, practically falling over him. I tried to suppress any visible signs of my aggravation, taking a long breath.
As if sensing my discomfort, Henrys gaze snapped to meet mine. As his eyes bore into mine, I felt the tension and aggravation leaving my body, leaving only heat and molten fire in its wake. He grinned knowingly and winked. As soon as he did I bowed my head and stared at the floor, trying to contain the face-splitting grin that threatened to overtake my face.
Once I managed to compose myself I looked over to Henrys table once more, only to find Penelope staring at me. Her eyes stared at me curiously, then went back to Henry. She looked between the both of us a few more time before her eyes narrowed suspiciously. I avoided her gaze and stared down at my food importantly. The rest of the night passed by like a blur, until I was propped next to the four-poster bed trying to remove all my jewelry.
I secured all of it, making sure Henrys necklace was safely in the secret compartment of the jewelry chest. As I debated whether or not to read before going to bed, the whole room rattled. As I was jostled around, the lights flickered momentarily. I clung to one of the wooden bedposts for a few seconds after the impact. Once I made sure it was safe to stand, I rushed to the door. I pulled it open and looked outside, absolutely bewildered. Mrs. Astor was also poking her head out from the other end of the hall, looking slightly frazzled. At eighteen, she had already managed to get impregnated by the richest man on the ship and was married.
The young girl stopped a steward and spoke to him. From the worried look on her face, I assumed she was procuring about the rattling. The steward assured her confidently, and she slipped back into her cabin with a calm expression.
If the explanation was good enough for her, its good enough for me. I was in the quiet place between sleep and consciousness when someone rapped on my door swiftly and barged into my cabin.
Nearly falling off the bed, I scrambled for my robe and slipped it on just as a maid walked through the threshold. It was Elaine, holding on to something white and bulky over her arm. A lifejacket.
Please put this on. She instructed quickly, placing a spare on my bed and facing me.
Mrs. Ashby is on her way here. Tell her to put this on, and go on deck immediately. She emphasized, an edge of panic in her voice. Before I could question her, she turned on her heel and made a hurried exit. 
Dress warmly! She called, shutting the door with a resounding click. I looked after her with my confusedly, my questions still hanging off my lips. Part of me wanted to ignore her and roll back into bed, but I couldnt forget about the panicked edge in her voice. So I rolled on some thick stockings and fetched the thickest coat I could find. My shoes had just been adjusted when mother walked in the cabin about fifteen minutes later.
Whats happening? She asked, breathless. It occurred to me that this was probably the second time Ive ever seen her hair askew. The first was when she received the news that father died.
Im not sure. One of the maids told me that we had to dress warmly, take our lifejackets, and go on deck. Now. I added, trying to convey the sense of importance Elaine had expressed. Mother nodded once and emerged with a warm coat in seconds. A loud pounding on the door brought me to my feet with a start.
Take care of the door. Mother barked, easing on her lifejacket. The door opened to reveal Stanley and Carlton on the other side breathing heavily. Mother suddenly saddled up behind me and nodded with conviction. 
Lets get going. We will never get to the lifeboats otherwise....Lifeboats? Its a silly practice drill if you ask me, but theres no turning back. Uncle Carlton said.
Stepping into the corridor didnt make much of a difference. It was completely congested with other first-class passengers who were trying to squeeze on deck. Most of them were dressed in their best, smiling feebly and pretending everything it was okay. But it wasnt. The concern in their eyes was thinly veiled. Children were clinging on to their mothers with more desperation, and everyone laughed weakly to try to liven up their paled complexions. It took us almost ten minutes to get even close to a lifeboat. The deck was equally as crowded, if not even more so. Periodically, I would look around me and try to find Henry. I prayed that he was already on a lifeboat, or at least on his way to one. As we kept pushing forward, a few men dressed in navy uniform jostled past me distractedly. I could faintly hear part of their conversation as they passed by me.
...not enough lifeboats for everyone...half of passengers will perish... I stared after them as my stomach dropped. Suddenly the reality of the situation came crashing down on me like a bucket of the icy Atlantic waters below us. Surely they werent talking about this ship? Considering the calm attitude of everyone around me, it was hard to believe.
Half of the people on the ship might end up floating in the Atlantic.
I wanted to be sick. Breathing deeply, I tried to distract myself by observing the people around me. In a moment of clarity, I suddenly noticed the clumps of women standing together. It was like we were being herded into the lifeboats. At the far end of the Starboard deck, I heard an officer faintly calling out: 
Women and children, only! It didnt take much to work out that Henry wasnt going to be on a lifeboat. But as obvious as it was, I couldnt produce the next assumption. It was as if my brain could not process the thought. 
Henry wasnt going to be on a lifeboat, therefore, he will end in the water. 
My breath caught as I sharp pain rippled through my chest. For a split second I thought I was ill, but I suddenly recognized the sensation. Heartbreak.
But this was somehow stronger. This pain crushed me and made me want to collapse on the floor in a numb mess. I suddenly realized that despite everything Henry put me through, and all of my insecurities, I still loved him. I realized that if something happened to him, I would be destroyed. Because every year, month, day, and breath that we havent been together...hes been in the back of my head. He lingered like a dream, the light at the end of the tunnel. I had lost him once, I wont lose him again. I was detached from my musings by Mother, who started searching through her hand purse frantically.
My ring isnt here! She exclaimed, panicked. Carlton rolled his eyes and groaned.
Oh, for Gods sake! You can buy all the jewels you like once we arrive in New York. He protested.
Its my wedding ring. Suddenly her panicked reaction made sense. It was the only thing she had left of my father. I left it in the jewelry box. My hand flew to the base of my neck when I realized I had also forgotten the necklace Henry had given me. Maybe this was a sign...this was my chance.
I can get it! I interjected quickly. Mother looked at me with hope while Stanley frowned, horrified.
Im small. I can weave through the crowds quickly and make it back in time to board the lifeboat. I lied, hoping they would actually believe me and let me leave. Mother nodded desperately and nearly pushed me off into the crowd with a hopeful face. I almost felt bad for deceiving her, but I promised myself that if I ever had the chance to see her again I would return her ring.
Weaving through the desperate crowds wasnt as easy as I imagined, but it got much easier as I scurried further away from the lifeboats. I finally made it to my cabin and barged inside, knowing there would be no one around to reprimand me. Sitting exactly where I left it on the vanity was the jewelry box. I opened the little compartment where I knew mother kept her wedding ring. After I had securely tucked it away, I opened the secret latch of the box and pulled out Henrys pendant.
Instead of putting it away, I chose to wear it on my neck. Hopefully it brings me good luck. Now, it was time to track down Henry.
Chapter 12
There were people everywhere I turned. Many of them are first-class passengers who refuse to put on their lifejackets or wait out on deck where its cold. I want to grab them by the shoulders and shake some severity into them. Couldnt they understand that this was a tragedy? I wanted to tell everyone the truth, but it would only cause a panic. Besides, I had to find Henry.
Henrys cabin was empty. I already figured he probably wouldnt be there, but it was the most rational place to begin my search. Knowing that I didnt have much time, I weaved my way back on deck, carefully avoiding the place where I had left Mother and Stanley waiting for me. 
People crowded around me uncomfortably. In the distance, I heard a woman wailing and the soft melody of the band, who were trying fruitlessly to liven up the mood. All around me I saw strangers. Many of them were first-class passengers, busy being fastidious about one thing or another. Finally, I spotted a familiar face. A few meters away from me stood Penelope, clutching on to her fathers arm. I pushed my way to her and placed a hand on her arm before she could she disappear into the group of people.
Penelope, I need your help. I gasped, trying to catch my breath. Have you seen Henry? She opened her mouth to reply but faltered.
Please, I begged. This might be the last time I ever get to see him. I beg you.
She expelled a loud breath as we were jostled back and forth. I think...I think he mentioned something about third class. There mightve been a flash of pity in her eyes, but I didnt care.
I thanked her quickly as she got lost in the crowd and started elbowing my way back out to third-class.
It took a while of pushing to make it to the third-class deck, at the very end of the ship. It was surprisingly desolate. Only a few people here and there, waiting their turn for a lifeboat. Henry was sitting on one of the benches, clutching on to a bottle of whiskey and staring off into the distance. I wondered why he would spend time here of all places, then it hit me: this was the same place where we met the first night. Pausing before approaching him to catch my breath, I weaved my way through the people in my way and sat down next to him silently. 
It took him a while to realize I was standing there. His green eyes widened in surprise and then narrowed. What are you doing here? 
I met his look steadily. I could ask you the same thing. He shook his head, like he was trying to clear it, or disagree with my response.
No. Youre supposed to be on a lifeboat, floating for your life. Something about that image made me want to laugh, but I refrained from doing so.
Thats true. But you are supposed to be by my side. He snapped to look at me, and I could tell he was at a loss.
Ophelia...the lifeboats are for the women and children. Im sure youve heard them. Henry protested. So he was planning on sinking with the ship, was he?
Not going to happen.
I wont let you die. The stubborn sound was out of my mouth before I could even finish the thought.
Henry laughed humorlessly. I dont think theres a choice in the matter, Ophelia.
Join me in one of the lifeboats. I pleaded.
They said women and
I know what they said, and if you were listening correctly, they said women and children first. Please, just come with me. My voice, which started out strong, had somehow morphed into a tiny plea.
He shook his head decisively. I cant.
Very well then. I said quietly, I suppose Ill just have to join you.
Henry took a sharp breath as he glared at me. Absolutely not. You are going to get into one of those lifeboats even if I have to put you there myself.
I think years separation from you almost ruined me. How am I going to fare for the rest of my life without you? Ill tell you how: I wont.
Something about my tone assured him that I was utterly serious. He gazed into my eyes, searching for the sincerity in my words.
Very well, He announced softly. Ill try to join you. Im not making any promises, especially when a woman or child can survive in my stead. Even this much of a compromise must have been difficult for him. Most men were resigned to die an honorable death, but I couldnt fathom a world in which he would not exist. 
He discarded the bottle of whiskey and stood somberly. I need to fetch something from my cabin. It wont take long. I nodded silently and followed him closely back to first class. 
By the time we arrived to his cabin Henry and I were clutching hands, trying to fight against the waves of people rushing around us. In the distance rang the wails of women, shouts of men, and cries of children. The corridor leading up to his cabin was now void of passengers, most of them trying to obtain a seat in a lifeboat. 
Wait here, He said over his shoulder breathlessly. I tried not to pull at the sleeves of my coat as I stood next to the door of his open cabin. It was only a few doors down from my own cabin, where I went back to retrieve mothers ring not forty minutes earlier. 
I wondered what they would think of my disappearance. Stanley would be furious, as would Uncle Carlton. But mother...she would be worried. I tried to chase away the wave of guilt and longing as I thought about her. If I survived this, Ill find her and explain everything, and endure anything she might lash out at me.
As if summoned by thought, Stanley appeared at the far end of the hallway. Before I could flee he was already beside me. 
Ophelia, where the hell have you been?! He placed one hand at the top of my shoulder and shook me roughly. I pried the offending hand from me angrily and glared at him. 
Your mother has been worried sick. The twinge of guilt that followed was inevitable. He mistook my silence for acceptance and started dragging me away in the direction he had come from. I started protesting and tried to free my arm from him. 
No, stop. Stanley, you have to let me go- In a second, I was ripped away from him and pulled backwards. With a sigh of relief I looked up and met Henrys worried look. 
Stanley, who was now standing in front of us, looked absolutely bewildered. It was clear that he hadnt expected Henry to be here, let alone intervene. He seemed to catch on rather quickly, however, when he saw our interlaced hands. 
His eyes darkened as his gaze turned on me loathingly. What have you done? He hissed darkly, like he was trying to restrain himself. But I wasnt worried to speak my mind anymore, not when Henry was standing beside me. 
So I straightened my spine, met his eyes squarely, and said: I have found someone who gives me my place, and I love him. Henry looked proud, but it wasnt nearly enough for what Stanley put me through. So I continued. I loved him before I even met you. And I wouldnt think twice before agreeing to marry him. I said snidely, throwing Stanleys angry words from before back in his face.
Why, you little-
Watch your tongue. Henry bit out, speaking up for the first time. He wasnt looking at me anymore, instead giving Stanley a harsh look that I couldnt quite understand.
This is ridiculous! Stanley bellowed. Ive had enough of this. You are going to be my wife! He said impatiently, reaching out for me.
I dodged his attempts and held on tighter to Henrys hand. His hold was firm, but reassuring. Stanley growled, annoyed with evasion and lifted a hand to strike me.
It looked like Henry had enough.
Chapter 13
Before Stanley had any opportunity to lower his hand on me, Henry swung his arm back and landed a swift punch in his face. He clapped a hand over the injured area and stumbled backwards, clearly blindsided.
Dont you ever raise your hand towards a woman again in my presence, especially the woman I love. Henry shouted angrily, his green eyes blazing. I couldnt help the rush of giddiness that ran through me during that particular sentence. I knew Henry loved me, but it felt nice when he openly bellowed it to the world. Even if he just punched someone.
Stanley wasted no time and lunged at Henry, the two tumbling onto the ground in a tangle of angry limbs.
Stop...stop! I dont know why I bothered yelling, they probably didnt even hear me. Fortunately a pair of stewardesses scurried by in that moment. As soon as they got a glimpse of the fight they rushed over and pulled them apart. They struggled to continue fighting at first, but it didnt last long. 
Stanley yanked himself from the arms of the stewards and reached out a hand towards me. Shes my fiance, He announced, hoping that the stewards would take his side and send me off with him. But they looked rather unconvinced. One of them turned to me questioningly. 
Is this true? All eyes turned to me as they waited for answer. Stanley glared at me threateningly, while Henry looked on encouragingly. The difference between them was clear as day: one of them fought against me, and another fought for me. 
No, I answered decidedly. I am nothing of his. For once, Stanley was wise enough to realize this was a losing battle. He shook his head in disdain before storming away, presumably towards the promenade deck. The stewards disappeared swiftly afterwards, but not before handing Henry a lifejacket and imploring him to put it on. 
He listened to them begrudgingly, securing the life preserver while muttering things under his breath. If the decks felt crowded before, not it was worse. The people who were lazing around were finally starting the realize the danger and were cramming their way on deck. Walking felt difficult, it I quickly realized the ship was at an incline. It wasnt too harsh, but a quick look at the bow showed that the water was quickly overtaking the ship, sloshing over the very top of it. Once we made it out of the promenade deck we pushed our way to the second-class decks, following the clusters of people towards the nearest available lifeboat.
I need women and children, women and children! I was jostled to the front of the group and instantly arms shot out and helped me into the lifeboat. The boat seemed to be occupied to capacity, but I kept my sights on Henry and reminded him of our compromise. The officer who helped me into the boat appeared to recognize his status, and immediately encouraged him to join me.
Its the last position in this lifeboat, sir. He said quietly. Henry understood the urgency of the situation and stepped forth immediately. I felt a bubble of relief at the thought of having him beside me and knowing he would live.
But he didnt climb into the lifeboat.
I blinked dumbly as he stood in front of me. Wordlessly, he reached for my hand and quickly plucked my engagement ring from my hand, throwing it overboard mindlessly. Wasting no time, he produced another ring from his coat. This one contained a large emerald flanked by small, swirling diamonds. The color of the emerald reminded me of his eyes, which were presently looking at me intently.
Now youre mine, He whispered quietly. Forever. I love you. Then he placed a chaste kiss on my knuckle...and took a step back. Suddenly his intent was clear: Henry wasnt planning on coming with me.
No! The words were ripped from throat and before I realized what was happening my body was already lunging out of the lifeboat. I wouldn't let him die...not alone, at least. Unfortunately, the hem of my dress was caught around my foot, which gave enough time for the passengers on the lifeboat to pull me back.
Henry, please...dont do this to me again. He met my eyes and gave me a small, resigned smile, before helping the last person (who would be replacing him) into the boat. It was a young mother from third class, who was clutching on to her wailing infant. As I watched the terrified mother try to appease her baby, it occurred to me that Henry had just traded his life for that of two people. A very small part of me felt proud of him, but I mostly felt an obvious dissatisfaction. I almost felt bad for wishing Henry was here instead.
The lifeboat was lowered, but Henry remained motionless. Promise me youll try! I shouted, oblivious to any other person around us. I dont want to be alone. The second part came out as an unintentional whisper. He seemed to understand it anyway, because a second later his green eyes hardened determinately and he mouthed, Ill try.
We rowed for a long time before it was far enough to be considered safe. But the whole time, the Titanic sank lower and lower into the sea, like a broken bath toy. The sunken half was completely submerged, this being apparent by the light still shining from the portholes underwater. It gave it a haunting glow, giving light to a portion of the endless sea. It continued to float at an unnatural anglethe stern of the ship high in the airand then the most sickening sound I ever heard: a crunching, metallic sound. The Titanic, the biggest manmade ship in the world, snapped in two pieces.
The lights flickered unsteadily a few times before giving out for good, plunging everyone in dark terror. The bow was swallowed by the ocean, leaving its other half floating almost unnaturally. But then again, nothing about this was natural. The ship faded into the water peacefully, leaving everyone in the water to Gods mercy. Thats when the shouting started. From this distance, they all morphed into one loud, disturbing sound that reverberated in your mind. No amount of turning of covering your ears would make it fade.
It was then I felt true helplessness. Being from a privileged background, taking action towards something was never very difficult. But no amount of money or titles meant anything in the open sea. And it hurt all the more because even though I tried not thinking about it, I knew that one of those people could very well be Henry. He could be injured, or freezing, or both.
After what felt like forever, the shouts stopped and the begging silenced. Most of us were nodding off uncomfortably, but it would only take a particularly cool breeze to remind us exactly where we were: at the oceans mercy. I caught the officer in charge looking towards the silenced sea of people forlornly.
You should go back. I murmured quietly. He shot me a surprised look.
If youre just saying that for your man, you should know hes probably dead. He said gruffly. Even if he wasnt, finding him would be like finding a needle in a haystack.
He isnt dead. I said, more confident than I felt. I felt something that could only be described as a sense of denial. It hasnt really sunk in that he might be dead (no pun intended).
And how do you know that?
Because he said he would try: which is more than I can say for you. He flinched at my cutting tone, and then became pensive.
Im going to try. He muttered decidedly, jumping on his feet and shouting out orders. We were split up into other lifeboats, and it struck me how most of the boats were not very full. I tried to keep the retreating lifeboat in my sights, praying that Henry would be one of those fortunate enough to be rescued...if anyone was still alive. 
Chapter 14
The rest of the night (and dawn) blurred by in an excruciating haze, after what had to be the most eventful night of my life. Then I heard distant explosions, followed by large bursts of lights. At first it looked like my mind was playing tricks on me, but soon enough it became obvious that a rescue ship had arrived. A few people let out sighs of gratitude, and a few whoops of joy resonated from faraway lifeboats. 
I was in the first lifeboat to be rescued from the water. I soon as I stepped on the small (compared to Titanic) ship, a blanket was thrown over my shoulders, and a warm drink was placed in my hands. I was ushered encouraged to have a seat on deck, but no one lingered. They were too busy trying to accommodate everyone coming on board. Many passengers considered themselves fortunate when they were rescued first; knowing that collecting everyone from the water would take hours. But in some aspects for me, it was worse. I got to sit on deck, and watch passenger after passenger ascend into the ship. I growing sense of dread filled me as unfamiliar faces swam before my eyes. After an hour or so of the torturous experience I forced myself to stop looking by swaying to my feet and taking a walk on deck. 
The decks of the Carpathia were sectioned off according to class, although at this point it seemed rather silly: we were all standing on deck of a small ship. I walked along the other first class passengers, some of them unrecognizable without their usual jewels and fine clothing. This was the case with my mother, when I almost trailed by her absentmindedly.
Thankfully she recognized me. Ophelia? I snapped to look at her. Mother was pale and disheveled, much like everyone else. Her eyes looked tired, but very relieved.
Mother...
I was at a loss of words. How do you explain your Mother that you ran away to be with your secret lover, one whom she strictly announced off-limits?
Oh, I thought I had lost you! She cried, throwing her arms around me. I couldnt remember the last time she had embraced me with such fervor. It was enough to riddle me with guilt. Again.
Mother, I am so sorry. I...I went to Henry. My voice almost broke at the mention of his name. She wasnt surprised.
I supposed as much. She sniffled, inconsistent of her usual behavior. I knew how you have always felt about him. And, well, disasters as this only work to show where your heart truly lies. I remembered that I still had her ring, and with great care, fished it from my coat. She gave me a watery smile as she plucked it from my hands and cradled it closely.
It was then that the dawns light caught on my own ring, given to me only a few short hours ago. She immediately took my hand and examined it, turning the ring this way and that.
I take this is from Henry? She asked, arching a fiendish brow. I nodded shyly, feeling like bashful child with her first crush.
But Mother didnt seem to be bothered at all and instead murmured a decisive, Good.
Stanley didnt seem to think so. I grimaced, angling in on the unavoidable subject. Sooner or later Stanley would have to be dealt with...officially.
Oh, I know. As soon as your late fiance found me here he shouted at me for a good ten minutes about what a shaming daughter I raised.
My face burned with embarrassment. Oh, God. I am so sorry. I never meant for my actions to reflect on you.
Dont feel sorry. Ill tell you what I told Stanley: Im proud that you had the courage to listen to your heart. I know what I said before...but for a second I thought I had actually lost you. Marriage seems like something silly in comparison to a tragedy like this. She said wearily. I want you to live a fulfilling life before its too late.
I...Thank you. This type of behavior on her part wasnt normal, but it was easy to understand her sudden reflection on life. I sat by her side for the better part of an hour, until finally the ships officers made sure everyone (alive) was on board, and started the engines. Panic welled up as I realized that I might be sailing away from Henrys body altogether. Mother realized my predicament, because she started murmuring soothing words that didnt quite register in my head. 
...Why dont we check the list of survivors? She offered hesitantly, breaking through my haze. I briefly remembered someone inquiring my name and jotting it down on a piece of paper.
Yes. She helped me up gently and weaved her arm through mine, hunting down the person in control of the list. He was a young sailor who looked like his mind was in a hundred placed at once.
We were hoping you could give us information on our friends. Of course we all knew by information she meant dead or alive. 
Right, Madam. Who would those people be? 
Henry Spencer. The name flew out of my mouth rather desperately. The man made a big show of rifling through the papers, and I wondered about how horrible his job might be. He had to look at each hopeful person and tell them their loved one had most likely perished.
Uh... He swallowed thickly and then cleared his throat. There is no Henry Spencer on this list, miss. Perhaps you could try once we make port in New York... 
I blinked. Then I tried to make sense of what he told me. But before the sharp pangs of loss could strike I doubled over to the nearby railing and heaved on an empty stomach. 
Chapter 15
The good thing about retching on an empty stomach is that there is no mess. I thought about little, impersonal things like that while my mother herded me back to our seats.
The deck is brown.
The breeze is cool.
The sky is cloudless.
Anything to prevent my anguish from running rampant. I had to keep the tears at bay, at least until I felt jumping into the ocean and joining the dead of the wreckage wasnt a viable option. Crying was fine: there were dozens on women weeping about, but I felt if I shed one tear, everything would fall apart. When we got to our seats there was a man already standing there.
Miss...Miss Ashby, isnt it? I looked up and froze. His features looked slightly different in the dead of night, but his face was unmistakable. It was the officer who took the lifeboat back to look for survivors. Mother realized I recognized him and left me to speak with him.
Henrys name wasnt on the list. I told him quietly, trying to remain as detached as possible. I suppose you found the body?
His brow furrowed. No. I found him alive. I looked up with a jolt of energy.
Truly? The words too good to be true crossed through my mind.
The officer gave me a small smile. I tried. And I succeeded. This time it felt like my heart was going to burst. But from happiness.
Then...then why wasnt he on the survivors list? I was waiting for the other shoe to drop. 
I didnt know his name. But I recognized his face. He explained. Then I realized something else. 
Are you certain it was him? I havent seen him on deck. I observed. I was starting to get annoyed with my own incessant questions, but they kept flowing out of my mouth. Was it really so bad that I was scared to become hopeful? 
I am positive it was him. He is, ah, in a delicate condition, so he has been moved in order to receive the proper medical attention. 
I want to see him. He looked glad that I finally gave up on my never ending inquiries. Mother had an idea of what had occurred, because when I tried to explain she hushed me and waved me away. 
Take me to him. Now. Now! The officer jumped at my shout and asked me to follow him, taking off in ground-eating strides. I followed him away from deck and into the ship, trailing into what appeared to be the crews quarters. 
We tried to make some space for to people who were injured. He explained, noticing how my breath caught when he lingered on the word injured. 
Not that your man is injured. He retracted hastily. We walked past a few more doors until he came to a stop. Ah, here we are. 
The first thing I noticed when I walked through the threshold was the temperature. A blast of hot air hit me square in the face, and I briefly wondered if I was stepping into a furnace. A short man appeared to be tending to a large pile of blankets. 
Wait a second.
Underneath the large mountain of wool laid Henry, sickeningly pale and unconscious. I rushed out to him and reached out a hand to smooth back his hair, but pulled back at the last second. I was scared of watching him vanish in front of me and realize it was all a very good dream. 
Its alright. You can touch him, just be gentle. He needs his rest. The short (whom I now recognized as the doctor) said. I inched closer, ignoring the teary blurring in my sight, and lifted away a lock of hair that fell over his forehead. 
The tears started flowing as I realized he was truly alive. I didnt have to live without him. He was here.
Thank you. I hiccupped to the officer, whose face warmed. 
I dont know if you should thank me, miss. He practically found us. I didnt really understand what it meant, but its not like a cared. Henry was alive, and that was all that mattered. I didnt lose him.
For the next few days I watched Henry like a hawk, just to make sure he was still real. The doctor (who identified himself as Dr. McGee) explained that Henry was recovering from severe hypothermia. He also told me that Henry was nearly dead when he was hauled onto the ship, and he had been trying to heat his body as much as possible. His wet clothes were exchanged for dry ones, and the room was heated as much as possible. He was mostly unconscious, with the exception of some words he mumbled now and again.
His condition continued to improve. He regained consciousness and spoke slowly, like he had a sore throat. Henry insisted he didnt want to eat, but I practically shoved everything Dr.McGee instructed me to down his throat. On the third day, the doctor finally allowed him to take a stroll about deck. I suspected Henry would force his way onto deck if denied, so the he had no choice but to indulge him.
We walked slowly and kept to an empty corner of the deck provided for first class passengers. We remained silent as Henry looked over the vast ocean in a bundle of wool blankets. According to the Captain, we would be making port in New York tonight.
I didnt think I would live. Said Henry softly, the breeze catching on his chestnut locks. I held on to his hand a little tighter.
I knew you would. I murmured confidently. He glanced at me curiously.
You said you would try. I explained impatiently.
Ah. So I did.
I added quickly, as an afterthought, Im glad youre here.
He grinned crookedly. I know. Im glad, too.
I think my mother was also very glad you survived. I recalled. She only checked on Henry and I once (because Stanley was still fishing for my whereabouts), but that one time she fussed over Henry like she would her own child. He had to practically beg Dr.McGee to kick her out.
It seems like your mother rediscovered my charm, just like you did. He said smugly. Henry could be on his deathbed and he would still tease me.
Oh, please. Spare me your theories. I muttered dryly, giving him an annoyed look. Henry ignored my annoyance and grinned. 
Im afraid you're right. The theories of my irresistibility will have to wait until after the wedding. I knew he was hinting at our new engagement, but this was my chance to get back at his banter. 
Dont remind me. I feigned. Just thinking about having to stop the wedding to Stanley makes me want to run away. His smug face fell instantly.
I didnt mean that wedding. He grumbled, ignoring my chuckle.
I know. I cant wait. I said, stepping into Henrys arms as he held me close to him. Henry was of important standing back in England, so I knew it would take months to plan an appropriate wedding. 
Maybe we can elope in New York. He mused. 
Henry, you can barely stand straight for more than ten minutes. We are not eloping. I said, trying my hardest to sound stern, but barely managing to contain a smile. 
Maybe tomorrow? He persisted.
Lets go back to bed. I evaded. I wouldnt be able to say no to him for long.
Will you hold my hand?
This time I couldnt keep the radiant smile off my face. Always.
###
Authors Note
Growing up, the Titanic was legend. The ship of dreams. It still is, and I hope this novel serves as remembrance for the events of that tragic night. Most of the research was done through my own incessant curiosity, but I would like to thank http://www.encyclopedia-titanica.org/ for its detailed records on everything Titanic and always having information on just about anything. The title of Duke when it came to Henry was purely fictional, as well as Ophelias surname.
The most difficult thing about writing of the Titanic was never being able to do it justice. There will never be enough for me to aptly describe the ship, in my opinion, but I hope Ive done it justice.

Connect with S.S. Brown
Twitter: https://twitter.com/sara_sbrown
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/ssbrown 
