50 Stories in 50 States: Tales inspired by a motorcycle journey across the USA
Volume I - Great Lakes & N.E.
By Kevin B Parsons
Copyright 2013 Kevin B Parsons
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to others. If you would like to share this ebook, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this ebook and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return it to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Contents
Introduction
Maine
New York
Pennsylvania
New Hampshire
Vermont
Ohio
Illinois
Wisconsin
Indiana
Michigan
Acknowledgments
About the Author
Introduction
My wife (Quilter Girl) and I embarked on a 50 States in 50 Weeks motorcycle tour of America, a once-in-a-lifetime dream. We rode across the country on a Honda Gold Wing, towing a pop top tent trailer. During the more mundane sections of the trip (like the back country of Ohio), we talked on the intercoms and came up with short story ideas. Inspired, I wrote a story for every state, which morphed into a five-book series, compiled by regions, with ten states in each volume. 
Some of the stories are based on our experiences, some on history, and some probably from indigestion. Warning: these are not necessarily motorcycle stories, nor are they travel stories (although some are), but a look at Americana, with each state as a backdrop.
Each state got only one look, so if we encountered bad weather, we would just grind it out and ride through the state. Maine, for instance, got a quick exit after Bar Harbor and heavy rains. Yet excellent weather in states like Vermont and Pennsylvania provided ample opportunity to explore. 
Enjoy this volume of 50 Stories. 
~Kevin B Parsons
Brian Head, Utah

Maine
Maine and Bar Harbor folks love their lobster. I tried one and found the entire procedure rather revolting, like ripping apart a giant cockroach. And I learned that diners wear bibs for a reason, as liquid lobster goo splatters everywhere during demolition. I confess, though, that I enjoyed one of the best meals of the adventure in Maine: lobster macaroni and cheese. Bar Harbor, with its fishing industries, cruise ships, myriad tourists, and the locals dialect and culture, made a great backdrop for a story. And who could forget their excellent local cuisine?
LOBSTAH
Friday night and the place rocks at Lota Lobstah in Bar Harbor. Its easy to find. The neon sign reads Lobstah, then drops the B, S and H and flashes Lo ta, and so on. Lobstah. Thats the way we pronounce it in Bar Harbor Baa Haaba. Need to find our restaurant and bar? Look for the line halfway down the block. 
I own the place. Im Freddie. Junior. My dad started the joint thirty-six years ago in a plain old building two blocks from the harbor. Reluctantly, he handed it over to his goofball son seven years ago, took off in an RV, and hasnt been back except to visit. I always thought he caved to pressure from Ma, God bless her. He and Ma get here for all the holidays.
Much to my dads dismay, I took the place to another level. I think he might have been happier if I failed. You know, cant live without me? But deep down Im sure hes thrilled to see it go and grow. The buyout check every month must help, too.
When I say took it to another level, I mean like to the summit of Cadillac Mountain. Pops served up lobster and potatoes. But I wasnt a guy to just sit back and watch. I decided to experiment and came up with Cajun Lobster Rolls.
The people loved it. 
Me and Molly dished up Cajun Lobster Rolls as fast as we could. On vacations I tried lots of dishes and took the ideas home. Threw some salsa in a lobster salad, rolled it up in a tortilla like a burrito and we had Ole Lobster, sold on Tuesdays. Drizzled Carolina Honey Barbeque sauce on it, laid it on a bed of lettuce on sourdough flatbread and bingo! Carolina Night on Mondays. Wednesday we serve up ItalianLobstah Mac and Cheese, with four cheeses, every forkful gooey and stringyour best seller. Secret recipe, sold on Thursdays. Seriously, Im not telling. Fridays we toss in jalapenosa lot of themput them with lobster in pita bread and its Freakin Flaming Fridays. Saturday and Sunday we serve just about all of it. 
We screwed a bunch of flat screen TVs into the walls, hung up tons of fishing nets and stuff, played rock music (except on Tuesday night, Karaoke, and Wednesday, Open Mic) and went to workhard. 
One of my secrets is, of all things, popcorn. Nothing smells like freshly popped movie style popcorn. I know, it has nothing to do with Maine, fishing, or lobster. We keep the popper next to the bar and serve up free popcorn in paper bowls, with lots of butter and salt. The customers love it. And then they drink more. 
Wednesdays took some tweaking. On open mic night, anyone can get up and say, sing, or play anything. And they do. Somehow, it evolved that bad singers, crude and gratuitous folks, or drunks got voted off the stage with people throwing food at them. We put a stop to it before someone got hurt or somebody called the police. But the open mic was so popular that people compromised by throwing popcorn at them. Molly and me discussed it and let them go, but drew the line at small handfuls each. No dumping bowls full. But you get twenty people or so tossing small handfuls of light yellow puffs at youlike at the anarchist the other nightand you know the crowd is displeased with you. Funny, now the Open Mic Night works pretty good. Singers and speakers developed manners with the frightening spectre of getting handfuls of popcorn hurled at them.
Thursday morning Molly and me clean it up with a leaf blower and shop vac. We been together the whole time, married to each other and the restaurant, sometimes taking turns working and other nights, the busy ones, we work together. She runs. Must be how she stays so thin. 
Our clientele come from all over the world. The cruise ships anchor and disgorge people, thousands at a time, in tenders and they land, ready to eat, drink, and have a great time.
And I love it. I love them. People are greatfor the most part. Once in a while some idiot comes in and ruins a table for a bit. Occasionally someone gets drunk and a fight breaks out, but we shut that right down. Me and Molly want everyone to have a good time, so we dont need none of that.
Like the drunk guy who swept everything off his table. The story came out that his sisters husband said something wrong and he went nuts. Broke a couple of chairs and a picture, too. We hustled him out and got his wife to promise to take him homeno police. She rang up a five hundred dollar charge on her credit card, nice lady. Too bad she married a moron.
People are funny about the lobsters, too. We serve them up boiled and we dont do anything fancy, just lobsters, live in the tank by the entry one minute, boiled up and served with butter and a slice of lemon the next. Bibs, towels, and pliers come as standard fare, too. Yep. Pliers, a three-decade tradition. Most people? They enjoy pulling them apart, digging for the gold, juice and butter running down their wrists, aint life great. Every once in a while. though, people get stupid. One woman stood and yelled that it was disgusting, looked just like a cockroach. What could I say? They do. We got her an Italian Lobster Roll, on us, no big deal, and she settled right down.
And the guy, just a little drunk, who took his lobster by the claws, danced it on his table and sang Onward Christian Soldiers. The table laughed until they cried. I trotted over to settle them down and watched a verse and laughed until I cried, too. And I was sober. Ill never hear that song the same again. It took all my resolve, but I told them they needed to cool it. 
The women with gold high heels can be the worst. Call me a profiler, a sexist, a bigot, I dont care. They look at the menu and order something thats not on it. Or ask to change it up. When the food arrives, they grimace at it like they just know its been poisoned. Wait until the table is covered with food and drinks and insist we wipe the table down, its sticky. I just see gold high heels and brace myself.
One Friday night, she came in, wearing a low top and bright blond hair. I zeroed in on those gold high heels and a gold purse. Oh, no. Gold sequined skirt, too. Worse yet, her husband came in behind her, a broken down man. I had seen this look many times before. He was two steps back and looking not quite at the floor. She took charge about the table for four. Joyce. Yes, I knew her name right away, and her voice after two minutes. Three tables around her knew Joyces name. Joyce, please, they dont serve that. Joyce, please, the drinks are coming. And so on. I started to think her birth certificate read Joyce, Please. Her husbands name was Ron. And because I know fish, after living in Maine for my entire life, I can assure you that Ron was a fish. He was a post spawned salmon. A salmon swims upstream, lays eggs and then dies. Rod bred some kids and has been dying ever since. Joyce is killing him. Maybe if he wasnt such a fish she wouldnt be doing it. But which came first the fish or the egg, right? The other couple seemed fine.
Molly came through the swinging doors with a load of entrees on her shoulder and noticed me. She brushed her brunette hair away from her eyes and smiled at me, those brown eyes lit up. Ten hours and counting and she was still smiling. I gave her a head nod, the look, Im going to need a little help here, and she read it. Got the order taken care of and trotted back to me, the question in her eyes. 
Table three. We better take it.
She stood with her hands on her hips. Okay.
I took the drink order from Kathy, who was waiting on the table, and she thanked me. Me and Molly got the drinks on the table, pronto. I want a martini, but in a vertical sided glass, not a martini glass. Then when we presented it The olive looks small. Are they always so small? Joyce, please. Brother. I brought a small cup of olives. Before the appetizers arrived Joyce told Molly she wanted to see the manager, the service being so bad. 
Joyce, please.
She ordered the traditional boiled lobster. Wonderful. I just knew it would be a problem, but what can you do? The order came up and Molly picked up the entrees. I grabbed more towels and wet wipes to anticipate and eliminate any problems, foolish man that I am. 
Molly placed the entrees in front of each patron and said their names, Prime Rib, Cajun Lobster Roll, Italian Lobster Roll, and last, set the lobster in front of Joyce Please and announced the Lobster Special. She leaned back like the meal was radioactive, her hands on her cheeks.
Oh, my word, is it alive?
I have a number of clever replies to questions like this, as I have heard these questions a thousand times over the years. But this time I knew it was no time for humor. The other couple looked like they were waiting for a time bomb to go off. My lighthearted answer would help them, but not our friend Joyce. 
No maam, we boiled it for five minutes and forty five seconds. Thats the perfect time.
How do you know its perfect? You havent tasted this one.
No, maam. But based on our decades of experience
Joyce, please
 the lobster should be just right. Should you have any problems, feel free to let us know. Oh, shell let us know, all right. 
Molly and I backed away like we just lit a fuse. We headed toward the kitchen and she held up three fingers.
Three minutes.
No. Shell have us back in two.
Wanna bet? 
We shook on it. 
And heard a scream. Im surprised the glasses, the mirror behind the bar, and the windows didnt shatter. We turned to the scream and saw Joyce stand up, hitting her legs on the table, which caused her to fall backward onto the chair and topple over.
Were going to leave her there for a second while I explain some laws of physics. 
If you take a lobster leg and squeeze it near the body, the shell will push outward and shove the lower leg upward. I know. Ive seen people do it all the time, using a lobster leg for a puppet. 
Funny.
Not to Joyce Please. 
She must have squeezed it in that fashion.
Back to the activity.
She flew backward in the chair and smacked her head on the wall, knocking her out. She slid down the wall and slithered to the floor, her legs in a wide v sticking up over the chair seat, which now pointed to the ceiling. Her back lay flat on the floor with her chin pushed into her chest as her head rested against the wall. 
Everyone stopped to watch while Molly and I ran over. I pulled the chair out and her legs flopped to the floor. Molly pulled her away from the wall by her feet and her head clunked on the floor.  Oops, sorry, she said as she noticed her already short skirt hitched up to her hips. She tugged on the skirt as Joyce shook her head and came to, looking at the ceiling, then at the woman pulling down her skirt. 
Joyce screamed once again.
Joyce please.
We attempted to get her on her feet while Ron the fish stood at his spot. She threw our advances away and got to her knees, then used the chair to reach full height and staggered to the table. She lost a shoe. Hunting beneath the chair she found it, attached it and sat, brushing her hair from her face. The other couple sat, shell shocked, the woman holding her hand to her mouth as the man patted her other one on the table.
Joyce started to sob, but her gaze fell on the lobster and she backed up in the chair. Much better. No screaming or toppling.
Its alive, I tell you.
Maam, I am so sorry
You should be. She pointed at me, accusing. Preying on innocent people like me
Joyce, please
No, Ron, Im not taking this lying down any more. 
I was torn between the burning desire to point out she had been lying down and commenting that she probably never took anything lying down. 
A third option reminded me of my dad. I think he would have slapped her, told her to shut up, and get out of his place. That one tugged at me, and I held my hands together in an attempt to be civil. While I wrestled with a good answer in lieu of the three options, Joyce took this as an act of aggression. I should have groveled, right off the bat. 
And you dont care. You just stand there. She rooted around her gold purse for a hankie. 
Please accept our humble apologies.
She stopped, the hankie halfway to her eyes. I will not. I am going to sue you.
God bless our customers. Stephanie Krueger, a regular, swept a bowl of popcorn from the bar, stomped over, took a handful, tossed it in Joyces face, spun around and walked away. 
Joyce, for onceperhaps in her entire lifewas speechless. Jake Krueger, husband, followed and repeated the popcorn toss. Like a tidal wave, customers walked up and hurled bits of popcorn at Joyce.
Mrs. Please got her voice. I knew she would. You people, she spat. Ron, come along. She tottered to her feet and headed to the door. Ron got up with his guests. Bits of popcorn fell behind her. The fish stopped and turned.
Look, Im really sorry about this. He surveyed the table, with popcorn strewn about. His eyes showed some life, perhaps the first time in years. Sure would like to stay. Then the light died and he turned toward the exit.
Its all right. Just go take care of your wife. I escorted him to the street, where Joyce carved a wedge in the line-up on the sidewalk, the anger shooting out her pores. Popcorn seasoned her hair. I turned and almost ran into the other couple from her table. 
My apologies.
Oh, its Joyce, the man said. Too bad, too. The lobster looked good.
Best in Maine.
I told you we should never go to dinner with Joyce, the wife said. 
I offered them doggie bags but they declined and hustled after the happy couple. I re-entered the bar and people hoorayed. 
Sorry, we served another live lobster. Silly us! I held my hands aloft and the crowd laughed, returning to their food and drinks. 
Molly scraped her hair back. What a mess, huh?
Tomorrow Im putting up a sign. Its going to read: If you have gold heels and purse, you enter with the risk of being slapped.
You wanted to slap her, too?
I smiled. Oh, yes.
She hugged me, kissed me hard on the mouth, and looked into my eyes. My kind of man.
Because I wanted to slap her or because I didnt?
Yes and yes. She stopped and surveyed the table as the crew cleaned up. Sometimes I miss your dad. He would have slapped her.
Yeah, but he didnt have Open Mic night and popcorn. Lets go serve up some lobster.
I squeezed Mollys shoulder. Well at least she got popcorned.
Sometimes you just dont have enough popcorn.

New York
While visiting Niagara Falls, we watched a video that documented the many people who went over the falls, some successfully, some not, some on purpose and some by accident. Afterward, we walked out on the boardwalk into the hurricane of water, and I took away two conflicting ideas: How could anyone survive going over the falls? And wouldnt it be cool?
EXTREME
Adam, I cant do this without your help.
Dude, this is crazy.
No way. Itll be fun.
Fun? You could get killed.
Tanner stopped. Adam was right, no argument there. But what if it works?
What if it doesnt?
Didnt you see the movie? That old lady, Annie, she did it. In a barrel.
Dude, they said sixteen people have tried it, and nine survived.
Thats better than half.
Adam held out his hands. But the others got killed. The guy on the Jet Ski with the parachute, he didnt even make it.
I dont want you to ride over the falls with me. I just want you to help me. With logistics and stuff.
I know. But its like aiding and abetting.
You wont go to jail.
Dude, Im worried about my conscience. Helping you get killed. And no, you dont know I wont go to jail. Trespassing on a state parkthere must be some law against riding over the falls. Shoot, if the whole thing blows up in our faces, theyll probably get me for littering.
I need you for this, bud. Cant do it myself.
Adam muttered to himself, then said, Well okay. I suppose youre going to do it with or without me. At least I can be the last one to say goodbye.
He slapped him on the back. Thats the spirit.
The next day the two got to work on the Ball Over the Falls. Tanner had done his homework. YouTube displayed a number of videos of men inside balls, rolling down lawns in parks and streets. Some consequences were not too good, but hed be in water, a softer surface. 
They got the materials together, some rubber butyl material, Velcro, duct tape, glue, and a heat gun. After quite a few failureswhile Tanner informed Adam that Edison endured thousands of failuresthey assembled the ball. 
Looks like a yellow egg. Adam rolled it across the grass and it oscillated rather than rolled.
Doesnt matter, Tanner said, itll float just fine. No need to be symmetric.
You think it wont leak? He pulled the Velcro door open and the thing deflated to a flat yellow egg yolk in a matter of seconds.
It will, some. But I did some figuring, and it only needs to hold air for a few minutes. We launch at Sisters Island and two minutes later, Im at the bottom of the falls, bobbing along. The Maid of the Mist will pick me up. Theyre always running. One of them will spot me. Come on. Ill get in and you pump it up.
Tanner crawled inside and Adam flattened the Velcro sides together. He started a gas powered compressor and attached the hose to a port on the ball. It inflated and grew. 
It stinks in here. His voice sounded like he was in a big plastic ball or something.
Can you breathe?
Yeah, its just the rubber and the compressed air. Im good.
Adam pulled off the hose and plugged the port. Now roll it around.
The yellow ball wiggled, then rolled in a staggering fashion over the grass. It seemed to hold air okay. Adam watched as Tanner maneuvered the sphere along the grass, then crested to a hill.
Youre going to go down the hill.
His muffled voice replied, I know. Cool, huh?
The orb rolled awkwardly, then crested the slope. It gained speed and Adam could hear an Aww as the ball rolled faster, a giant Easter egg on a collision course with a tree. It smacked the tree with a whump and deflated. Oh, great.
Adam ran downhill to the wreckage. Dude, you okay?
Tanner moaned. My ribs. 
~
Okay, I dont think this is going to work. Adam pedaled through Niagara Falls Park, a child trailer behind the bike. Tanner rode a similar get-up. Two guys riding with their kids?
Doesnt matter. We just ride over the bridge, unload, set up and Im on my way.
You make it sound so simple.
It is simple.
They arrived at the parking area and rode through it to the trail, then walked the bikes down the trail. Fifty feet before the river they stopped and carried the gearthe sphere, a life jacket, the compressor, and a roll of duct tapeto the shore, stepping over exposed roots. Adam insisted Tanner wear the life jacket or he wouldnt help. They plugged the hose in and fired up the compressor. A few tourists approached.
Hey, what are you doing?
Adam said, Nothing, and Tanner said, Riding this ball over the falls, at the same time and they kept working. Tanner climbed inside and Adam flattened the Velcro, then duct-taped the seams.
Hey, look at this. Theyre going over the falls in that. People assembled and snapped pictures. Two people videoed them. The egg grew. People commented, Cool. You think itll work? Thats crazy.
When the globe got full sized, Adam closed off the port and tossed the hose back. Okay, dude, roll it. The yellow glob rolled into the water, but stuck on the bottom, the water too shallow to float it. Keep going, dude. The blob rolled farther, then bobbed and floated downstream for a bit, then got held up on a rock. Go right, dude, Adam yelled. The thing rocked and wiggled to the left. Other way. It continued struggling in the same direction. Adam realized Tanner couldnt hear him. He waded downstream and rolled the ball toward the center of the river. It floated and shot downstream, then ran smack into a tree branch hanging over the edge, popped and deflated. Adam splashed to shore and trotted down a trail. He waded out again to the flaccid yellow glob. 
Dude, you okay?
Oh, my ribs.
Two park policemen met them at the edge of the river. 
~
Two homeless guys walked over the bridge with a shopping cart. Dude, this is ridiculous. No ones going to fall for this, Adam blew hair out of his mouth. And this beard tickles.
The park police are looking for two kids, not a couple of bums. We only need a few minutes. The front wheel wobbled and rocked. They rattled through the parking lot and carried the shopping cart down the trail. A few feet from shore, they assembled the new improved sphere. Tanner bought it on eBay, made of clear plastic and heavier. He had painted Ball Over the Falls on the surface. He climbed insidea slit this time, instead of a doorand Adam taped him in and hooked up the hose. The compressor puffed air into the device and it grew and took shape. Tourists gathered again, but Adam paid no attention. 
Adam yelled, Okay, and the blob rolled into the river. This time Adam accompanied it out, pushing and directing it. The force of the water knocked him down and he scrambled to his feet, looking downstream. Youre on your own, Dude. Thats as far as Im going, he screamed.
Thanks, the muffled voice replied. The sphere bobbed and wiggled as Tanner tried to stand or maneuver the sphere into better water, with dismal results. Suddenly the ball caught the flow and shot downstream. It bounced over small waterfalls, pin-balled off rocks and rolled through the white water. 
Its going to work, Adam said from shore. 
The orb flew down stream, gaining speed as the haze from the fall increased. It hit a root wad that punched a hole in it and caught it, holding it fast. The thing deflated in seconds and hung off the root like a parachute. With a wriggling mass inside it.
Adam couldnt see it through the mist and assuming the trip a success, loaded everything into the shopping cart and trundled off the island. He followed the river downstream and saw a gaggle of people pointing and speaking animatedly.
Oh no.
The plastic contraption hung off the tree root.
The Park Service rescued Tanner. 
~
Okay, three things we learned that time. Tanner tapped on the keyboard of his laptop.
Like, lets not do this again?
Very funny. First, I need to control it somehow. We need arms on it so I can paddle or push off of things. Second, leg things might help me push it, too.
Like push away from the Park Service when they grab you to arrest you. Again.
It was one night in jail. No big deal. Okay. And third, I need a little compressor inside the ball in case we get a leak. Oh, and fourth, a roll of duct tape and piece of plastic inside, with me, to mend it should it tear.
Thats five, not three.
I think I found our answer online. Perfect. And we should be good to launch in two weeks, on Saturday morning.
I can hardly wait.
We got it this time.
You said that last time.
But not with this much conviction.
~
Saturday morning two construction workers wearing hard hats and reflective vests crossed the bridge to Sisters Island. They pushed wheelbarrows covered with canvas tarps.
I just know were going to be arrested.
Nonsense.
This is crazy, Tanner. This time theyll lock you up and throw away the key.
After they pull me from the water at the bottom of the falls.
They arrived and dodged tourists as they hauled the materials to the rivers edge. The water roared. People pointed and someone yelled Tanners name.
They know you. Youre getting famous.
Just lets get this thing going.
They threw in the battery powered compressor, a roll of duct tape, a square of plastic and Tanner climbed inside.
Adam flapped the plastic away and looked at Tanner. This is it, buddy. I got a feeling its going to work. He reached out his hand. Tanner shook it. May the force be with you.
Thanks, man. Tanner climbed inside and Adam fastened the door. He hooked up a leaf blower and the capsule came to life in seconds, this time sporting a couple of blue arms and legs. Tanner waved, the arms looking like a sumo wrestlers. 
The thing looked like a headless clown, the kind with the sand bottom that always bobs upright. Adam helped roll it into the raging water. The clown-like sphere with blue appendages took off like a shot, cascading down a small waterfall.
Police, youre under arrest. Two cops grabbed Adam and jerked his hands behind him, clipping on handcuffs.
Crap.
~
Tanner couldnt see well. The water outside and condensation inside distorted the image, but he could tell he could work the Ball Over the Falls into the center of the river. Water sprayed through a tear in the plastic. He grabbed the duct tape, but it wouldnt stick to the wet surface. He felt the vehicle pick up speed, but the leak grew at the same pace. His weight and the compressor caused the blob to wallow deep in the water. The middle of the river moved faster, causing the orb to pick up speed. Oh yes, they were moving. Tanner fired up the compressor. Perhaps the increased air would slow the water intrusion down. The noise of the water increased to a roar. 
Suddenly the ship stopped moving. No, it flew. They were going over the falls! The canyon walls shot past the window. Then slam, the ball smashed into the river below, throwing Tanner to the bottom and crashing into the compressor. Pain shot up his leg. The side gashed open and cold water shot into the space. The compressor dragged everything down, the rubber crushing in around him. He clawed for an opening but couldnt see. Darkness engulfed him as they shot toward the bottom. He twisted and felt for an opening, then his fingers found the Velcro door. Ripping it apart, he swam for the surface, his lungs screaming. 
Calm down. Easy to think, but hard to do. He swam up, the life jacket speeding his ascent. At last he hit air and sucked in a great mouthful of air and water. The mist and water enveloped him in a straight jacket of gray, making it difficult to differentiate between the water and air. Tanner kicked and screamed in pain, his leg shooting lightning strikes upward. He used only his right leg and let the left drift. 
The mist was so thick he couldnt tell which way to swim, but wouldnt the river carry him downstream? What if he got caught in an eddy that took him back to the falls? He needed to get a far away from the falls as possible, and fast. Cant die now. He swam lightly, trying to conserve energy, but the whitecaps swept over his head and he swallowed even more water. He coughed and tried to elevate his head more.
Must get out of here. Hed get weaker and end up dying at the base of the falls if he didnt get out and away from the water chaos. He swam on and before too long the mist receded and he could see down the river. His spirits sank. No tour boat. He imagined it picking him up moments after going over the falls. Nothing to do but keep swimming. He tried swimming on his back with better results. His leg hurt less and the life jacket kept his head above water. 
Twenty more minutes he swam and floated until he spotted the bright white angel from heaven, jammed with blue penguins of people wearing rain gear. The Maid of the Mist IX.
~
Tanner never did it for the fame; he just thought it would be cool to be one of the few people who made it over the falls. But on the afternoon of day two, after his surgery for a broken leg, the David Letterman Show called.

Pennsylvania
We rode past many an Amish buggy during our adventure, and occasionally I struck up conversations with Amish people, their culture so fascinating. Wonderful people, with deep roots and faith, though some of their rules seem contradictory. I noticed a Carrier generator outside the building of a farm, yet learned that a natural gas generation facility is not allowed. (The Bishop okayed the generator.) Some bishops approve of cell phones, others dont. So I thought  what if someone were to use diesel powered machinery against his knowledge or will? 
PAYBACK
Samuel Miller lives next door to me, fifteen miles out of Lancaster, and you couldnt ask for a better neighbor. He stops by to talk at least once a week, and those conversations teach me to slow down. My wife, Lindsay, just shakes her head and smiles whenever Sarah brings a pie.
Seems like they have a tough enough time with their simple Amish life, shed say, and then Sarah does something like this.
I could go on about the Amish lifestyle and how we profit from it, what with the low crime rate and clean countryside. The horse manure on the highways excepted, of course. Its funny because Ive spent many an hour fixing fences on three sides of my farm, but never on Sammys side. Yeah, I call him Sammy. Nobody else does, and I suppose I started it to get under his skinteasing him a bit, but now its stuck. The north fence along his spread stands straight and true. And there isnt a bit of weeds around it either. That guy keeps his place real good.
I always feel like I owe him and cant repay. It drives me crazy. Probably the worst example was when the truck broke down. Fuel pump. I coasted to the side of the road and almost finished a conversation with Lindsay on the cell phone when Sammy clattered up on his buggy.
Need a lift?
Well, thank you. Hey, hon, I got Sammy here and hell get me back. I hung up the phone and hopped in Sammys gleaming black buggy. They cant wear or do anything to draw attention to themselves, but their buggies are polished to a high sheen, the black paint mirror-like.
He clucked and flicked the reins. Thunderbolt started walking. Perfect name for a horse.
Those trucks, he peered ahead at the horse, they complicate your life, you know? 
Very funny. I can get to the John Deere dealer and back before old Thunderbolt here could get warmed up.
Except that I wouldnt need to go to the John Deere dealer either.
Point taken.
The Amish do lead an enviable life. I might convert if it wasnt for the awful haircuts and poor dental hygiene. Lindsay wouldnt be caught dead in one of those dresses either, and forget about the bonnet. But I wouldnt trade neighbors for anything.
Looks like you got a great crop this year.
Sammy nodded as we rode past his place, the corn seven, eight feet high. You could smell it. The weather has been perfect. God has blessed us.
Us, too. After that mess two years ago, I think He owes us.
Samuel frowned. Careful how you speak.
Come on. I think God has a sense of humor. After all He made Ostriches.
He smiled, his crooked teeth a distraction. Couldnt they at least get orthodontics for their kids?
Sammy took me home and stopped at the side door to the house. Lindsay came out to say thanks.
Would you like me to tow your truck back? I could unhitch Thunderbolt
Very funny. You would love that. Youd take a picture of it with your camera and text it to your friends, right?
He shrugged. No cell phone. But Id make sure many of my friends saw it.
No, Ill get it.
Lindsay patted his hand and said thanks. 
I didnt think much more about Sammy, as we harvested corn as fast as possible, my favorite time of year. The combines came into town like a locusta good one, though, and mowed down the corn by the hundred acres. They got here late this year, and worked day and night to beat the freeze. The air smelled of diesel fuel and corn perfume.
I stopped by the seed store to talk to Jerry about next year when he mentioned Sammy broke his ankle.
Howd that happen?
Some mix up with his horse and it stepped on him.
Ill have to razz him about that, I said, looking forward to teasing him about his simple lifestyle. My truck has never injured me.
Lots of guys been run over by tractors.
Actually, youre right, I conceded. Ill stop by and see if hes okay. I left the store and promptly forgot about Sammy; shame on me. A few days later I drove by his place, and on impulse, turned in to see how he was mending up. Knocked on the door. 
Sarah answered, and her face, which looked a bit haggard, broke into a smile. Tristan, so nice of you to come by.
Dont kid yourself, Sarah, hes just come by to torture me, Sammy said from the couch. He wrestled with a pair of crutches.
Dont get up, Sammy. Ill sit by you and well talk about those dangerous horses. I sat and patted his knee. Would have been much safer if you had a pickup.
As I recall, yours is in the shop.
True, but it hasnt broken my leg.
Ankle.
Sarah shook her head. You two.
I just thought Id stop by and see if you needed any help. Lord knows hes helped me enough times. Just then, it occurred to me we blew our opportunity to bring over a casserole. Have to talk to Lindsay about that.
How you going to harvest your corn?
My people will help me. They got a couple farms to do, then mine.
Weather mans talking about a freeze. Then rain. May want to hurry a bit.
I suppose were victims of prosperity. So much corn, so little time.
We talked more and Sarah brought tea. Such nice people, I could have sat there all day, and with nothing else to do, Samuel could talk all day. After a while my phone rang. Lindsay. 
Hey, where are you? Supper time.
I looked at the time on the phone. Sorry. Nursing the sick. At Sammys.
Oh, tell Sarah hi from me and sorry about his leg.
Ankle. Yeah, Ill be right there.
I tried excusing myself, stood and worked my way to the door. Between Sammys loneliness and the slow Amish lifestyle, it was another fifteen minutes before I stepped off the porch and hopped in the car. Surveyed the landscape over the hood. White house and barn, neat as pins. Corn to the horizon, ready to harvest, the tassels swaying in the breeze. But with Samuel down, and his people so busy, wouldnt it be tragic if they couldnt get it in time? Perhaps I could help. I shook my head and turned to home and dinner.
The next day Lindsay drove me to the shop to parole my pickup. I thought about the simple Amish lifestyle as I paid the bill. We convoyed back home, the heater taking the edge out of the cold. She called me as the Millers house appeared, a white island in the ocean of corn. As we drove by their farm, she said, Poor Samuel. Such a nice man. The corn ran to the roadway, a huge sentinel, the sun dipping behind it.
Yeah, if he doesnt get it soon such a nice crop. That would sure be a waste.
Are his people going to help him? She slowed for the highway.
Supposed to.
Maybe we could help.
What could we do? I asked, thinking of their rigidity about machinery. Im not combining my corn, then going to Sammy place and slashing away at it with a machete with twenty friends.
Youre smart. You can figure it out.
As we drove in comfortable silence, I wondered how I could help him.
You know, I got a few friends who owe me favors. Maybe I can make something happen.
See? You are smart.
I ended her call and made a few others. 
Remembering he was going to the doctors on Friday, I figured that would be a great day to help him out. I arranged a combine and two grain carts to hit his place on Friday morning. They started at seven, just after he clopped away with Sarah in their buggy. Sarah graciously helped with the plan, arranging it so they would visit friends after the doctors, then stall him by insisting he take her shopping, taking the entire day.
The machine gobbled up the corn in forty foot swaths and fed it into the carts that trundled off to the elevators. After so many years, I still stood in awe at the tremendous, efficient process. At six p.m., Samuel rode back into his farm with Sarah and gaped. His entire cornfield looked like it just returned from the barbershop. I smiled as I leaned on my pickup.
He struggled out of the buggy with Sarahs help and tottered over. What have you done, Tristan?
Well, I knew you could use a hand, so I called in a few favors.
He backed into my pickup and leaned against the grille. I cant believe it. Tears trickled down both Sarahs cheeks. She wiped them with a handkerchief.
You know how we feel about using machinery, dont you?
Yep. But you didnt use machinery, did you?
No, youre correct. You did.
Actually, Sammy, heres what I did. I stole your corn. Harvested it and took it to the mill and sold it all. Then my conscience got the best of me, and I felt so bad that I thought I would give you the money for it. I handed him a check. So now, I just need to ask you to forgive me for stealing your corn.
He stared at the stubble, extending clear up over the hillside. Turned to me and looked me in the eye. I forgive you, Tristan, you crazy and wonderful friend.
Thanks, Sammy. Now for six weeks, you cant harass me about my machinery.
Thats too much to ask of a man.
Just then Lindsay drove up and got out of the car. She reached in the back and stepped out.
With a casserole.

New Hampshire
The cog train and Mount Washington were fascinating. I marveled at how people could invent a train that could climb such steep grades. We hadnt prepared for the stark difference in climate from the bottom to the summit either, the winds whipping, the temperatures cold. And this story, while not autobiographical, probably could be. Just ask my wife. 
THE COG RAILWAY
Jennifer entered the Ladies room, so I surveyed the area. No use just sitting around. I wandered out to a fenced section as we waited for our train to take us up to the summit of Mount Washington. I walked over to a black locomotive and clicked off a few shots when she called.
Doug? There you are. I went to the bathroom and you disappeared. Jennifer marched up, her arms crossed over her chest. Oops.
Sorry. I thought Id go outside and take some pictures. I pointed to the trains in the fenced area.
Well, it would be nice if you would tell me. 
I should tell her how I just get distracted, see something and find myself wandering off, taking pictures of interesting things. Nothing against her, I just get bored easily and need to keep moving. ADD, I suppose. But all I said was, Sorry.
Another bright thing fought for my attentiona dragster looking locomotive, mint green and red with a black boiler. The name on it read, Peppersass. It bore tiny front wheels and large drive wheels at the rear. The section of rail under it, set to display the little locomotive, slanted upward, yet the train engine looked level. Designed for the steep climbs.
Look at this, hon. The first cog train. I held out my arm as if to present the train. To her. She uncrossed her arms and peered at it. The sign indicated it worked the hill, back when they brought it up in pieces by ox carts and assembled it here on the bottom of the mountain. 
Because the cog trains pull with a sprocket under them into the center track, they can climb straight up the hill, as the tracks shooting up the slope indicated. No switchbacks, no tunnels, no messing around.
We better get in line, she said, people are forming up.
We got in place as a train crawled down the hill, a green locomotive with a powder blue passenger car, coming down backward. When it eased into the loading area, I could tell by sound and smell that diesel was the new power of choice. That and the sticker that said, Powered by Biodiesel. 
We loaded and I shot pictures of the conductor, the car, and the water tank next to the train. It filled the steam engine that carried tourists up once a day. Jen found a couple of seats and she said, You sit by the window so you get good pictures, and I complied. Funny, the seats tilted forward. Must be for feeling more level as the train crept up the slope. Jen nursed her diet soda.
The conductor did his best to get people seated, and some, of course, were unhappy with his oppression. Id like to say something like, Just take a seat, people, but thought better of it and kept quiet. 
Jen stared out the window and prattled. Look at that water tank. It sure leaks a lot That track is super steep Beautiful trees I think I read the mountain is 6,200 feet Cant people just take a seat? and so on. I pointed and clicked.
The train started moving and in moments left the flat spot and climbed, sliding us into the seat backs. The train felt different than a traditional train, which went much faster with a rocking motion and a clicking feeling. This one shuddered and rattled, apparently due to the cog.
Halfway up we passed a water tower. The conductor told us to keep ourselves inside, as we passed within six inches of it. The steam engines needed to stop and get more water here. Amazing, as wed only gone a few miles. The conductor said the water tank was level, but when we passed it, it looked crooked. We were the tilting ones. We split off the main track and waited for another train to shuttle down the hill, a yellow locomotive with an orange car. The passengers took photos of one another as we passed.
The locomotive throttled up and we crept up the hill again while Jen oohed and ahhed at the views and I caught them on camera. Took some of her in silhouette as she enjoyed the territorial panoramas. The air felt cooler. I hung the camera out the side and clicked off a shot.
Hon, I wish you wouldnt do that. What if you dropped the camera? she said.
Nah. Im careful.
Well, it was a gift from my mother 
As I slid my thumb to zoom, it slipped out of my grip. I fumbled for it, but it tumbled out of my hand. I let my hand drop to the side of the car, outside. But Jen saw what happened.
You dropped it, didnt you?
I hung my head, then nodded.
She sighed. I told you. 
Sometimes people love to say, I told you so, but the defeat in her voice made me think she just wanted me to listen to her, to hear the voice of reason, and I blew it. Stuck my head outside the train, but couldnt see the camera. Dang. Checked the landscape. We crept over a trestle. Maybe I could tell the conductor. No. They wouldnt stop the train for every little thing. 
Jen sighed. Well. We can get a new one in Manchester. But now we cant get any pictures on the summit.
Dang.
The trail lumbered on and a wall of silence slid between us as both Jen and I mentally rehearsed the times I failed to listen to her, the voice of reason and safety, me taking risks that she perceived as reckless. And today her conservatism proved to be true. 
We passed a monument to a woman who died on the hill at that place. A group of hikers waved at us as we passed.
Hikers. I could hike down and retrieve the camera.
The return train wouldnt arrive for over an hour, so I could just scoot down and fetch it. 
No use talking to Jen about it, shed just say it was too risky, just get another camera, forget it. It would become a discussion, then an argument. Id just take off, run there and back. Surprise, I got your camera back. All is forgiven and I would learn my lesson. 
The train crawled to a stop and we disembarked by rows, people being courteous, apparently settled down from the loading process. The conductor announced we would return at 4:15, an hour and fifteen minutes. He indicated the temperature would be much cooler up here and the wind speed averaged thirty-seven miles per hour. 
Jen zipped up her sweatshirt and I drew the hood of mine up over my hat. As we exited the wind shrieked. This felt like more than thirty-seven. The cold stung my cheeks as we hustled to the gift shop.
Whew, Jen said as we trotted through the door, the heat a welcoming balm. That was cold.
We wandered past the snack bar and like a first grade kid with a dog, she found the gift shop. She can smell them. I followed her inside, and soon she waded through islands of t-shirts with graphics that boasted of how the wearer conquered Mt. Washington. By riding up in a train? 
This seemed like my chance, so I stole out of the store and headed straight to the hiking path, easy to find with hikers coming up with regularity, their cheeks red and flushed. The wind scudded clouds below us and the white covered the green hills, allowing brief views of trees below. 
I walked a few hundred yards, trying to keep some speed while dodging rocks, and the path crossed the rail line. I stepped across to the side that the camera fell. It seemed prudent to just follow the track downhill, pick up the camera and return the same way. However, the area adjacent to the tracks lacked a path and became a maze of rocks, brush, and old railroad ties, tossed aside from repairs. I made my way down the hill and spotted the memorial to the dead woman. This must be two hundred yards from the summit. I glanced uphill and the gift shop already disappeared into the clouds.
Zipping the sweat shirt and tying the hood tighter, I resumed the trek. Soon the tracks kept a straight line, but the grade dropped, and a trestle held them up. This must be the spot. I searched, but no camera. Walking down, the clouds cleared and I saw another chasm ahead. Must be the one. The clacking of a train from behind drove me under the bridge. Couldnt let them see me. I stood under the ties as the behemoth passed overhead, the noise attacking my ears and heat from the engine driving the cold away, for just a moment. The ties creaked and groaned and for a second I thought the thing would crash through, crushing me beneath ties, rails, and the steel of the train. Since being only two cars, it passed in a few moments. I waited for the train to pass and continued down the hill, tripping over boulders and searching for footing. 
A few minutes passed as I picked my way along before realizing the wind contained little sharp shards of snow. 
Snow?
We left the station, not long before, in seventy degree weather, a comfortable September day. Yet the specks of snow machine gunned my face and eyes. Fortunately, being so dry it didnt stick, but eddied and bunched in the clefts of rocks and the lee of shrubs. 
Need to walk more carefully now. This slowed the trip, which already took much longer than I anticipated. Once again the tracks remained straight and the ground dropped away. I stepped down and searched for footing so my feet didnt slide out, sending me downhill only to crash onto a rock. 
I stopped and rubbed my hands together, trying to keep them warm. Jennifer is going to kill me. Surely shes seen Im gone, and commenced the search. Hopefully she hasnt notified the authorities. My self-abasement ebbed as I spotted a black snakethe camera strapat the bottom of the ravine, draped over a rock. Ill get it and hustle back to the summit, all forgiven as I hand her the camera.
I bent and grabbed the strap and the snow yielded as the camera floated out like a submarine breasting water. Shook it and took a shot. The screen appeared almost totally white and for a moment I thought it broken until I realized it captured the image of the weather.
My spirits soared, and I know Jen will be pleased, the camera recovered, Doug the hero returning from a successful recovery mission.
I hooked the camera over my head and strode up the hill. The rail ascended next to me but disappeared into the fog of clouds and snow. Not surprising but discouraging, progress uphill proved to me a much more arduous affair. My lungs screamed for oxygen and the icy air made them cramp. Going up takes much more energy. Better take a break. I stood and surveyed the landscape, the area a mixture of white, grey and pewter. Thank God for the tracks. Wont get lost. 
Regaining my breath, I made my way up when the sound of another train came from the fog uphill. The tracks were just a couple feet above the ground. I could move away from here, but they might see me and the daunting spectre of somehow disappearing into the fog and getting lostthen freezing to deathmade my decision. I crawled under the tracks.
The train rumbled down, a monster out of the mist, grinding and crushing the ties beneath its mass. The heat and air blew snow into a white turbulence, and the cog wheel rotated along the center, squealing and screeching in my ears. The beast seemed to struggle to reach through the rails and crush me. I held my breath and closed my eyes. Please, dear God 
The passenger car passed next, continuing the darkness and immediacy of the huge monster. The rocks shook, the ground vibrated, and the ties groaned beneath its weight. Should I want, I could have reached and touched the steel beast, the tracks making me feel like an animal, crushed in a cage. 
Snow turned to water, splattering my eyes and face. An eternity later, the demon passed and disappeared into the fog, much faster the sight than the sound. It creaked and shrieked into the mist, the evil noises warning me it would come back, to kill me or cut off an arm next time. I crawled out and stood, my hoodie soaked with melted snow and cooling sweat. 
I better get walking and fast, before this wet turned to ice. I picked my way between rocks, a difficult endeavor as my shoes kept disappearing into the white.
Something caught my eye from across the tracks. The summit? No. The memorial to the dead woman, the letters on white, so it looked like they floated in the storm, a harbinger of things to come, or a warning. Now I could see how someone could die so close to safety. The rails seemed distant and difficult to see in the dense white.
I would walk on them, but the idea of a train coming out of the whiteout and crushing me kept me off. An unrealistic thought, as the sound would alert me, but the wind shrieked and caused me to wonder if I could hear it. I stumbled on, sure that the gift shop, with its warm lights and heat, must be close. Yet staring through the snow, I saw nothing. Just keep going. The cold crept in from my fingers to my wrist and arms, from my toes to above my knees. 
While it felt like ten steps, it must have been many more, as the ground fell to the left and I realized I couldnt see the rails. Panicked, I lurched left and fell over a rock, smacking my shin on another. I struggled to my feet and rubbed it. Cant break an ankle or leg here. I wandered right and soon found the tracks, a relief that made me choke back a cry. 
One step at a time. One step at a time. One step at a time. I marched upward, the air colder still, the wind shrieking, my lungs burning while demanding oxygen, but getting thin cold air. Couldnt feel my feet, my running shoes wet and frozen. One more step.
I trod onward, staying tight to the tracks, not noticing the light to my right. Hearing a noise, I turned to see yellow light emanating from the shroud of fog and snow. I tripped over the tracks and found flat ground on the other side. The gift shop and museum loomed from the cloud. Couldnt wait to find Jen and get the camera into her hands. Perhaps a tourist could take our pictures with it. It took a bit of searching to find her, but she sat in a chair downstairs, her elbow on the arm and her head in her hand.
Jen.
She stood and looked at me, then ran up and hugged me tightly. Just as quickly, she pushed me away.
Where have you been? Youre soaked.
I held up the camera.
She stared at me, incredulous, her mouth open, then her lips tightened into a straight line. Youve got to be kidding. Why didnt you tell me? Or for that matter, why did you go at all? You could have died out there. I was ready to call Search and Rescue. Have you lost your mind? She wiped the moisture off her hands. Look at you. Youre soaked and frozen. Were in the middle of a storm. We missed the train down, too. What were you thinking?
I was thinking of getting the camera for her.
And I thought shed be happy to see me. And her camera. Her hero.
Women. No figuring them out.

Vermont
We walked the path that followed Quechee Gorge along the river, the erosion and tree damage evidence the river could be a mighty force. A local told us once a year, in spring, they open the gates to run off excess water. That could be interesting. 
FIRST DATE
Strolling along the path holding Alyssa Starks hand, Cody Barnes couldnt believe his fortune. He had screwed up his courage and asked her out, the cutest girl in Penn Foster High School. She led the cheerleaders, her blond hair bouncing as she jumped and yelled. He knew he had no chance of winning her attentions, since she ran with the beautiful crowd. But in the spirit of his basketball coachs philosophy that every shot not taken is a shot missed, Cody decided to risk it all and ask her out. And shocker, she said yes. 
They walked the path in silence. What do I say? He racked his brain, then inspiration. So you just moved here. Where from?
We moved here from Montpelier. My mom got a job working for the state parks here as a ranger. And I thought Montpelier was a small town.
Quechee is pretty small. But youll like it here. Lots of natural beauty.
Not to mention her beauty. She walked with any easy, athletic gait, and her tight shirt and short pants accentuated her attributes in an admirable fashion. Bringing her to the Quechee Gorge was nothing short of brilliant. A nice waterfall, beautiful woods, and he knew a place off the beaten track where if things went as he hoped, they could spend some time making out. 
It sure is pretty. Wow, that water is amazing.
Theyre opening the dam for the spring runoff, so the thing is really going. Most of the year its pretty small. Her hand felt light and cool in his. 
They wandered a half mile down the path to the waters edge. 
Look, he pointed, You can see the bridge we drove over. The old bridge, with its green steel girders stood in silhouette against the blue sky. An occasional car cruised past.
Cody pulled out his camera. Stand in front of the waterfall and Ill get your picture. She complied and they looked at the results.
Ugh. I look terrible.
No way. You look great. Now lets do a selfie. He put his arm around her waist and held the camera away and pointed it. Smile. They checked the photo, Alyssa once again unhappy with the results.
You are beautiful, he said, as he looked into her blue eyes. Really.
Youre just saying that.
Stop it. You are. Besides, its whats inside that counts, right?
So Im not beautiful, but I am inside?
No, youre messing with me. He looked around at the crashing waters and pointed. Looks like we could jump onto that rock and wed be right between the waterfalls. Wouldnt that be cool?
I dont know
The water thundered down and split on a long cigar-shaped rock, turning into white caldrons on either side. 
Here. Let me. He handed her the camera and backed up. Taking big strides, he ran toward the water. As he planted his foot to launch, it slipped on the wet surface and slid out. Cody landed short of the rock, crashed into the water, then bounced onto the rock and over the other side. The water shot him downstream for only a second before his right foot caught fast between two rocks, facing downstream. The water sent needles of cold pain throughout his body and he gasped, sputtering water. 
Alyssa watched with horror, yelling his name, but the sound of the water drowned her cries. Cody struggled to get his head out of the water. He reared back and took a deep breath. Pain shot up from his foot as he struggled to free it, but it stubbornly remained fixed. 
She picked her way among the rocks to get even with Cody. A water slide separated them.
Are you okay?
He turned his head. Yes. No. Im stuck.
Can I help you?
Better go get help. Hurry. The water is supposed to rise all day.
I cant leave you.
Call 911.
My phones in the car.
Find someone. Or get it from the car.
Is it locked? she hollered over the cascading water.
Cody wiggled his hand into his pocket for the keys. Dont drop them. He tossed them over his head and they bounced off a rock and ricocheted into the creek. She knelt at the edge and searched. Nothing.
I cant find them.
Break the window.
What window?
In the car.
Of course. She made her way across the rocks and once on solid ground, took off running.
~
Cody took stock. He found a rock to his right that he could push off and keep his head above water, but the surging wall at his back exhausted him. Feeling to his left he found another, although not as good. The water held him in a grip of ice and he shivered. 
What if he held his breath, squatted down, and jerked his foot back? He tried it and the water surged over his back. Shards of pain shot up his leg as he struggled with his foot. No good. Attempting to rise, the water held him down. Using each rock for purchase, he walked himself to an upright position and gasped for breath. That didnt work.
Come on, Alyssa. Someone would be walking down the path. She could tell them, the man would come, maybe two men and they could hold each other and pull him out
~
Alyssa got halfway up the hill and stopped, gasping for breath, stitches in both her sides. She spotted an older couple walking toward her. Help! 
The couple picked up the pace and she ran to them. My boyfriend, she pointed, hes stuck in the river. Can you call 911 for help? Please hurry.
The man flipped his phone open. No signal.
You had one at the top, dear.
She turned them and pushed. Go til you get a signal. Get help. Without waiting for a reply, she ran down the path. At the edge of the river she spotted a thin pine pole and got an idea. Picking it up, she trotted as best as she could over the rocks to Cody. The water flowed over his shoulders, deeper than before. 
Cody, she yelled. Ive got a lever.
What?
Never mind. She surveyed the thundering water in front of her. No way could she jump to the center rock. She found a crack in the far rock and lowered the fat end of the pole into it. Setting the other end down, she tried a tightrope walk. It broke and she fell with a gasp as her legs disappeared into the chilly water. Alyssa lay against the rock and dragged herself out of the water, then grabbed her lever. Looking back to shore she spied a larger log. Dropping the stick, she made her way over and retrieved the log, placing it like a bridge to the cigar rock. Picking up the stick, she used it for balance and walked to the little island. 
Are you all right? She knelt by his face. But she could tell he wasnt. His lips looked blue and his eyes lacked life. Look at me. Listen. He looked. Im going to lever your foot out with this.
Okay. He nodded. 
She knelt and probed with the stick. Got it positioned. Levered. It broke. 
Try it again.
Right.
The second attempt proved to be no more fruitful than the first, the stick too thin. 
What about the other end? Cody asked.
She switched ends, but the other end proved to be too thick. Tried the thin one again, and it started to move his foot. She could tell because he screamed. But it broke once again. Frustrated, she stood and smashed the stick to the ground and broke off a big piece. 
This will work. 
Cody didnt hear because his head bobbed underwater. She lifted his chin and he sucked in a great gulp of air. Thanks. We need to hurry. Listen. Hold my head up. Then let go, do the stick thing and get me loose. Itll work. 
She nodded and set to work, but too many breaks made the stick too short. She cried in frustration before remembering to grab his head again. Cody gasped.
Sorry, she said, its too short now.
Okay. What about this. Give me the stick. Ill hold it until youre in position. Jump in, Ill hold you. You jam the stick and lever out my foot.
Are you crazy? Well both be killed.
He shook his head. No. Worst case, you cant do it, you float downstream to the eddy and get out.
What about you?
Well hopefully someone can get here 
This is madness. Oops. She held his head up. He drew in a deep lungful of air. We cant screw around. Do it. Alyssa, he looked in her eyes, you can do it.
I can do it. I can do it. The memory of the childrens book, The Little Engine That Could ran through her mind. I think I can, I think I can.
Time to stop dithering. She slid in, downstream of Cody. The water shocked her, so cold. Cody held her by her shirt. Turn around. She wiggled around and he held her by the shoulders. Here. He gave her the stick. She worked the stick down as far as she could.
Its still too short.
Okay. Heres what we do. The water thundered over his head. He craned it out of the spray. Ill hold your shoulders and push you underwater. You lever my foot and itll get free.
Oh why not, were screwed now anyway. She nodded.
Okay. On three. One. Two. Three. Cody pushed her down and she struggled against the turbulence. Stuck the stick in. Shoved it upstream. Heard the scream above the water. Grabbed his shoulder with one arm and rose to the surface. They both took deep breaths. 
It didnt work, she cried.
It almost did. I felt my foot move.
Okay, she nodded, well try it again.
They counted together and she submerged again, jamming the stick and levering it upstream. Felt Codys hands slip and started to slip downstream. Grabbed his shirt and crawled to the surface. They hugged one another.
This is madness. Its not going to work.
He shook his head. I tell you, it almost worked. Once more. They counted. She dove. Levered. Once, twice, three times. As her lungs screamed for air, she gave a surge, felt the stick go slack, and they tumbled down the waterfall, legs and arms and bodies smashing into one another. She swam up for air and took a mouthful before the water pushed her down again. She arched up for air, bounced off a rock, and pain shot up her arm. The water spun her like a washing machine and once she spotted Codys shirt downstream. A water slide shot her between two rocks and into a pond area, where the white water subsided. Using what little strength she could muster, she paddled toward shore and Cody. He crawled onto the shore, dragging his foot. Alyssa dragged herself onto the rock, favoring her hand. I think I broke my wrist.
Cody lay on his back and coughed. I think I broke my ankle. And I think you saved my life.
Are your hikes always this exciting?
No. He turned his head and looked at her, with torn shirt, her hair plastered against her face. Cuts on her hands and cheek. Her clothes soaked and stuck to her, with sand all down her front. And you are really beautiful.
~
Cody held up his champagne. A wedding toast. To the most beautiful girl ever!
Cody and Alyssa raised their glasses, along with friends and family. She said, Yeah, well what counts is the beauty on the inside.
Absolutely. But you won me over by saving my life. That was quite beautiful.

Ohio
We stopped and toured the AMA Museum in Pickerington, which I first joined in 1966. So many memories. A special event for memy wife put on her game face. I wondered, wouldnt it be great to spend a lot of time in the museum like all night? Once again, woven throughout the tale are some personal experiences from my decades of riding and racing motorcycles. 
MOTORCYCLE DREAMS
Tyler and Dylan peered at the crude map. I was only there once, Tyler said, but Im pretty sure this is where the Hondas were, my favorite bikes. We can camp right there next to them.
Dylan crossed his feet off the side of Tylers bed. You really think we can do it?
Sure. We got the sleeping bags in there, past that old man. Hes so old, I bet we could walk in right past him. All we need to do is bring a lunch.
Right. Ill get some stuff from my house when Moms at the store.
Tyler nodded. Okay. We do it tonight.
For sure?
For sure. They shook on it. You tell your folks youre staying at my house and Ill tell mine Ill be at yours. They never check.
Okay, Dylan nodded.
~
As planned, they got inside the AMA Hall of Fame through the service entrance. They watched the old man walk out, probably to get his dinner, and crept in, Tyler first. He waved Dylan over. Lets see whats in here. The sign read, Staff Only.
They eased open the door and slipped into the room. Dylan looked around at the tools and cleaning supplies, stacked in racks to the ceiling. Im kinda scared. Maybe we should go home, he whispered.
Are you crazy? We got our parents thinking were spending the night at each others house and were set. Trust me, Im twelve. This is going to be great.
I dont know.
They found a closet of mops and brooms and hid inside it.
Dont shut the door all the way, Dylan said.
Chicken. He pulled the door, leaving it open a crack.
What seemed like hours, but after just a few minutes the old man walked into the room and dropped off some tools and picked up his lunch pail. He shut off the lights and closed the door. Dylan whimpered and Tyler put his hand over his mouth. 
Shh. Well be okay. A few minutes and Ill turn it back on.
Dylan continued groaning and Tyler kept his mouth covered. His hand felt wetDylan was crying.
Hey, buddy, its okay. Ill get the lights. Tyler removed his hand and Dylan wailed. He grabbed his face again. Dude, you got to take it easy; were going to be okay. He opened the closet door, crossed the room, and turned on the light. Dylan continued his weeping. Five minutes of talk and holding his face and Tyler got him calmed down. He released his hand. Dylan breathed heavily. Okay, Ill go turn on the lights in the museum.
Dont leave me here.
Okay. Tyler started across the room and Dylan grabbed his shirt from behind, bunching it in his fist. Tyler reached for the door and Dylan whimpered. 
Hey, buddy, its okay. We got this.
Dylan nodded, his eyes like marbles.
Lets check this out. Tyler eased open the door to the museum, only a slit. Safety lights provided marginal lighting, but the chrome from the bikes gleamed anyway. They tiptoed out and shut the door.
Will you hold my hand?
Tyler turned to face him. Dude, youre okay. We got in, just like we planned. Its closed. We got the run of the place. The museum is ours. He held his hands wide, like he owned the place. 
Okay.
Look at this stuff. Tyler walked over to a bike and peered at it. A Honda CBX.
The bike shone under the security lights. Six chrome exhaust pipes extended from the cylinders and curved down the frame, then split, three to each side and into megaphone-like mufflers. The black paint made it look mean. Tyler read the plaque.
Wow, they made these here, in Ohio.
I saw something move. Dylan stood, his head turned toward the window. Somebodys out there.
Dont be silly. The place is closed. Jeez, Dylan, you just turned eleven. Act your age.
Youre right. He moved closer to Tyler.
Look. Tyler pointed to the sign. It could go a quarter mile in twelve seconds. Thats fast. He glanced around the room. Dylan. Check this out. A 1980 Honda CR 250.
I heard something. I think somebodys in here, Dylan grabbed Tylers arm. Listen.
Dont be stupid. Look at this. They made these in Ohio, too. Check out the serial number, 00001. The first one. Wouldnt it be cool to ride one of those on a motocross track?
Look! Dylan pointed. A light. Outside. He hid behind Tyler. 
I dont see it. Wait a minute. Quick, hide behind the bike.
They wiggled behind the CR and peered through the spokes. Sure enough, a light shone on the grass outside. It got bigger. Then a man appeared holding a flashlight. He shined the light through the window. Both kids ducked behind the stand holding up the bike. Dylan cried out and Tyler slapped his hand over his mouth. He got his mouth close to his ear. Its the old man. Hes just checking the building. Hell go back to his post and sleep or something, I bet. The light played around the room and Dylan groaned. Tyler continued the soothing talk for some time after the man left. He eased his hand off his mouth.
I wanna go home I wanna go home I wanna
Dude, relax. We got this. He didnt see us. If he did, hed take us home and wed get in trouble. Hes not going to shoot us or something
Shoot us? Dylan cried, Could he shoot us?
Dude, I just said he wouldnt. Calm down. We got this. Trust me.
Dylan nodded, but stayed crouched. Okay. Tyler got out from behind the bike. Dylan didnt move. Maybe we should turn the lights on.
Dude, the old man would know were here. Theres enough light. Were going to tour this place, eat dinner, then roll out our sleeping bags under a bike display, sleep like babies, then get up and go to our houses after having spent the night at each others house. Just like we planned. We can do this. Its going just like we planned.
We didnt plan on the old man walking around and shining his light into the place, Dylan wailed. 
No, but thats no big deal. Well be fine.
Tears dripped down both cheeks. No, we wont. Hes going to find us and well get arrested and go to jail and
Will you get a hold of yourself? Tyler got behind the bike and picked him up, holding him by the shoulders. Listen. We got this. Hello? You stop crying right now or Im going to smack you.
Dylan stopped the wailing, but his shoulders heaved. He wiped his cheeks. Im sorry.
Well be fine.
He looked everywhere but at Tyler.
Look at me. Say it. Well be fine.
Well be f-fine. 
Okay. Lets go upstairs.
Will you hold my hand?
No. But Ill walk right beside you. They crouched and walked up the stairs, stopping at every step, listening for anythingthe guard, a dog, an alarm. Only the buzz of electricity pierced the silence. They reached the top floor and Tyler ran to a contraption. Look at that, Dylan. They say its the first bike ever made.
Under a dim light sat a crazy looking thing, made of wood with what looked like a saddle. A wooden motorized bicycle.
You suppose we could build one?
Dylan shook his head, then shrugged. Maybe we could put engines on our bikes.
Look at this. Evel Knievels bike. Tyler read the plaque. It cant be the one I saw on TV. He wrecked that one bad.
Its really cool looking.
Im going to sit on it. He approached the bike.
Tyler, dont. Itll set off an alarm or something.
Dont be silly. He grabbed the handlebar and put his foot on the foot peg.
Stop right there! A voice commanded behind a flashlight beam.
The boys screamed. 
Step away from the bike.
They moved into the center, arms raised.
Dont shoot us, please dont shoot
What are you two doing? The light beam moved to the floor. It was the old man.
We didnt mean anything, Dylan blubbered, were so sorry. Please dont arrest us, please well go now please
Listen here. You dont touch these bikes, you hear?
Yes sir. Tyler nodded.
What are your names? 
Im Tyler Gardner and this is Dylan Jacot.
The man clicked off the light. Come with me. He took them to a hallway and sat them on a couch. Walking back and forth in front of them, he muttered, I dont know what to do with you two. What are you doing in here anyway? You going to steal the bikes or something?
Dylan blathered, Please sir, dont arrest us well go home and well never come here
We just wanted to see the bikes, sir. Tyler looked him in the eye. I think they are so cool, and we came here once, but didnt stay long. We live just up the hill. So we planned this all out. We snuck in sleeping bags and brought some food and planned on spending the night here. But we wouldnt steal anything, or hurt anything or nothing.
You were getting on Evel Knievels bike.
I just wanted to sit on it.
He got down on one knee. You never, ever touch a mans bike without his permission. Number one rule. And these babies? He stood and pointed to the room. These are history. They tell the stories of men and women, famous ones, riding, racing, performing on bikes. We cant have kids climbing all over them.
Yes sir.
What should I do with you? He rubbed his grey beard. Maybe I work the night shift here. Maybe, if you promise to be good, Ill take you around and at dawn when my shifts over Ill take you home. What do you think?
Well be good dont arrest us well be
That would be fine, sir. Tyler stood and held out his hand. The old man shook it, his hand thick and strong.
Call me Mr. B.
Yes sir.
The man escorted them around the building, pointing out each bike and telling the history of each one. At posters of heroes, Mr. B. again regaled stories of the men, with much more detail than was written on the posters.
Did you know these guys?
Well, sort of. I was a bit older than you when I first saw Dick Mann race, a half mile at Castle Rock in Washington state. After the race, we walked through the pits. You could do that back then. The guys would hang around the fire and theyd bench race, talking about racing. So that night, Dick Mann won the race. He and Dave AldanaDave was pretty crazywent bar to bar on every lap, into the turns, dicing it out, Mann on the inside going into turn one, Aldan on the outside, sometimes Dick a little ahead, sometime Aldana. Well, on lap twenty-three, two laps to go, they flew down the straightaway and chopped the throttle into the turn, just like every other lap. But this time Dick blipped the throttle back on. Dave heard it, grabbed a handful of gas, and crashed in turn one. Dick won the race, just being smart.
Cool.
They wandered through the building, the old man relating stories of bikes he rode like the ones displayedBultacos, Hondas, and Yamahas. And the men, the icons of the sport, Mr. B. talked like they were his old friends. At a picture of Bruce Ogilvie, the old man stopped.
Bruce was the real deal. Hed won the Baja 1000, lots of other races. Then Honda made him captain of the Team Honda off road program. I raced in the Best in the Desert series. Had a 650 Honda. Bruce set up a pit support plan for anyone racing on a Honda. He sure helped me out. Won the championship that year, four stroke open class. That guy had integrity and a fierce commitment to winning. Sure miss him.
The place got quiet as the old man peered at the photo, his hands behind his back.
Listen. Tell you what. Behind the museum is a grass area. I got an old truck wheel, we can build a fire. Sometimes I make smores back there. Lets make smores.
Cool.
Its pretty dark, isnt it?
I got a flashlight.
They took the supplies to the back and the man got a fire going in no time. The fire burned down to coals and they roasted marshmallows over it, Mr. B. sharing stories of riding, racing, and people. He opened his lunch box and passed Pepsis to the boys. 
You kids have bikes?
I got a little Honda fifty, Tyler admitted.
Its awesome, Dylan said. It must have a hundred stickers on it.
Shut up, dude.
It is cool.
I wish I had a 150 or something.
The old man took a swig of his drink. Why dont you?
They cost a lot of money.
So?
I dont have much. I only get ten bucks a week allowance.
So? Get a job.
Too young. Im only twelve.
Kids nowadays. He stood and paced in front of the fire. Can you mow grass?
Yeah.
Save your money. Buy an old lawnmower. Cut the neighbors lawns.
How would I get the mower there? I cant drive.
You push the thing. Make deals with the closest neighbors. Then push the mower there and cut their grass. Mowing the grass will get you in shape for riding. You want to ride or race?
Someday I want to race motocross.
Perfect. When you mow the grass, you run. Twice as fast, twice as much money, and youll get in shape to race. You need strong legs to compete in moto. Thats how you do it. You dont sit on the sideline, pining about how you never got the chance. You take the chance. He pointed back to the museum. Did you see that plaque about Lars Larsen? He carried his bike in the trunk of his car and slept in the car. Thats a man committed to his sport, thats passion. You can have it, too. Winters you get a snow blower and shovel snow. Borrow your dads. Offer to pay him something for it. Do it better than anybody else. Get people to want your service. And always, always keep that bike in front of your vision. Cut out a picture of it and put it on your door. Know what I mean?
Somehow what the old man said made sense. Maybe he could do it. I could see if my dad would match, you know, every dollar I earn, he could put one in.
Sure. If he doesnt youll just have to work harder and itll take longer. But you know something? Itll be worth it. He sat again and they stared at the flames in silence. Something stirred in Tyler. Hope.
They finished the drinks and the old man stood up. Did you boys see the Hall of Fame?
Dylan said, I thought the whole place was the Hall of Fame.
No, the actual hall. With the placards.
Uh uh.
Come on. He led them inside and up the stairs, then turned into a rounded wall with plaques on it. Each one bore a name. The old man stood there, then in a hushed tone said, Youre looking at greatness. Look at these. Gary Nixon, champion. Jay Leno, a huge bike enthusiast. William A Davidson, one of the pioneers of Harley Davidson. The man surveyed each plaque and told of heroes and legends, manufacturers, riders, racers, and proponents.
These are the people who helped make motorcycling as great as it is today.
Tyler nodded. Wow. This is so cool.
They returned to the fire and the old man let Dylan put more logs on it. 
How long have you been riding bikes? Dylan asked.
Oh, I started racing short track when I was thirteen. So fifty-six years.
Wow, thats forever, Dylan said. Tyler smacked him with his elbow.
The old man told stories of desert racing, dirt riding and road touring adventures. He claimed to have ridden a motorcycle through every state. Tyler wondered if that could be true. The fire burned lower and dawn crept above the trees.
 So if we hadnt stopped for the cattle truck that tipped over, we wouldnt have gotten caught in the snow. When the bike went down, I thought, I got this, but I was pretty scared. He stirred the fire and sat, watching the flames curl above the coals. Looks like your buddy fell asleep.
Dylan sat in a canvas chair, curled up.
The old man stood, his hands behind his back. Tell you what. Its getting to be daytime and my shifts about over. What say I take you two to MacDonalds for breakfast, then Ill drop you off near your houses. You can both go home and your parents wont be the wiser. Sound good?
Tyler nodded. Sure.
He woke Dylan and they went to the bathroom while the old man put out the fire. When the boys got out of earshot, he unfolded his phone and called.
Mr. Gardner? Bob here. Yeah, I got the boys No, the night went just fine Theyre good boys, just wanted to see the bikes No, no trouble at all Actually, I told em Id drop em a block away and they could walk home like nothing happened. Up to you if you want to catch em or not. My two cents, pretend they pulled it over on you and when they turn eighteen or get married or something, then tell em My pleasure. We had a great time Could you call Ms. Jacot and tell her, too? Great. And my advice? Help Tyler get a bike, a real bike, not that Tote Gote thing. I think hell be willing to work for it Oh, its an old brand of mini bike Oops, here they come. Gotta go.
Okay, boys, you ready? He put his hands on their shoulders and steered them through the museum and toward his car. You like those hash brown thingies they smash into a wedge?
I love them, Dylan said.
Tyler looked back at the building. Do you suppose we could come back sometime?
Anytime, Mr. B. said, anytime.

Illinois
Riding along the Mississippi River, I saw why so many people have written about it. I got to imagining what kind of a youth would be spent in a rowboat, up and down the river  with a bit of adolescent love thrown in, of course. 
THE RIVER
In 1959, I learned on the Mississippi River that life isnt fair. My dad, in a wonderful and unexpected show of being human, allowed me to use the rowboat that summer. Wed just gotten out of school for the summer, and Quincy Elementary School saw the last of me until September. As the principal rang the bell for dismissal, I hit the back door and didnt look back. 
Bobby, youre going to be an adult soon, Dad said, so you need to enjoy yourself this summer. Marcia is old enough to take care of herself, so you can get out on the river with the rowboat a bit. Probably wont get a chance like this again.
Incredulous and afraid hed change his mind, I asked him how far I could take it.
As far as you like. Upriver or down. But be home on time for dinner or Ill warm your butt. I knew the threat to be real.
I lay in bed that night and stared at the ceiling, unable to sleep, thinking of the great adventures ahead. Id go upriver first, thinking if time got to be a problem, I could make time downstream a lot easier. The next morning I set out with Johnny Ray. We made an agreement that I would row upstream and he would take us back. Since he was two years younger than me, it seemed fair. 
That year Ritchie Valens Oh, Donna made the top of the hits. I must have played that song a thousand times on the record player. Mom owned a couple of records, Pat Boone and Bing Crosby. She got an Elvis Presley album too, but hid it from Dad. He said the guy was too sexy, something like that. We listened to him together and I thought he was real good. Dad hated my music, too, so I only played it when he was at work. My favorite song was Mack the Knife by Bobby Darin. I didnt understand all the words, but the beat was really neat. Something about a tug boat, so it must be on the river. Look out, old Mack is back.
It stuck in my head as we headed out the first day with a sack of peanut butter sandwiches and two Cokes that Johnny Ray stole from his dad. Neither one of us lived on the river, so we carried the boat between old man Crenshaws house and the Boysen twins place, older girls who never knew we existed. Crenshaw caught us and asked us what we were doing. After we told him, he said we could keep the boat at his dock. It must be the moon or something, but mean old men were suddenly all becoming nice. 
Our simple life just got simpler.
I held the boat for Johnny Ray as he climbed in. So how long can you stay out?
My dad dont care if I ever come back.
I put the oars in the oarlocks. His dad doesnt care? He sounds more like Huckleberry Fin than I do. Tell you what, Johnny Ray, you can be Huck Finn and Ill be Tom Sawyer.
Really?
Yep.
Keen.
I rowed out a bit and we embarked on Day One of a three-month adventure into the river, the forests, and life full of adventures and heartbreak.
I rowed upstream and Johnnythat is, Huckheld onto both sides as we glided past the park, under the railroad trestle and up to Earel Camp Road. The sun beat down and I took my shirt and shoes off. Twice Johnnie Ray and I jumped in the water after beaching the boat. I couldnt take my eyes off that boat for fear Id lose it and worse yet, lose the precious freedom my father granted to me.
The sun beat down relentlessly as we ate our lunch that first day, entirely too early. We sat in a clearing with mud dried to our ankles from the gooey mess that ran from the river to firmer ground. In 59, the river ran low from the drought.
Tomorrow we bring fishing poles.
Johnny Ray spoke around a huge gob of sandwich. Dont got one.
I got two. Id take Marcias. She never used it. Being eleven, she steered toward dolls. I scanned the area. We need to find a good tree. Bring a rope and make a gigantic rope swing. Bigger than Danny Arlens.
Think we can?
Sure.
Johnny Ray rowed back while I fretted about the time. The first day and I better not be late. We tied the boat at Crenshaws dock and I ran home. I crashed through the back door with Johnny Ray in my wake. Mom stood at the oven with a mitt on and pulled out a fresh batch of cookies.
What time is it?
She set the sheet down and looked at her watch. Almost 1:30. Would you like a cookie?
Johnny Ray said, Sure. We sat at the table and I smacked my forehead.
We arrived four and a half hours early.
~
Each day we got better. We learned our lesson and left our shoes at home. We wouldnt put them back on until the first day of school, when we discovered they didnt fit. I rowed farther, Johnny Ray rowed upstream some, and we packed provisions, including rope, fishing poles, my b.b. gun, matches, knives, butter, more and more food, and tackle. We found a great spot to stash much of it, at a nice landing place. We caught fish and fried them for lunch. Our expeditions got bigger, too, as we ventured to the Iowa side of the river, avoiding the huge barges that slid by. But mostly we stuck to the Illinois side and discovered more territory upstream, Lewis and Clark searching out the forests and fields. Inland, we found an oak tree that we could climb, so high we could see the surrounding landscape. I could anyway. Johnny Ray didnt get that far up. We built a huge rope swing on the rivers edge, too. The attachment to the tree took courage, as I crawled out the massive branch and kept inching out as the branch got thinner. Three times I fell off into the water and the third time it knocked the wind out of me. I struggled to the beach and flopped on my back, gasping for air.
Johnny Ray looked at me, choking and heaving, his eyes huge. Maybe we should try a smaller tree. Not so far up.
I struggled to my feet. No way. This is the tree. I climbed again and got it tied.
The swing, being so long, took a long time and a lot of pushing and swinging to reach its arc, but after numerous times I could fly. The wind blew in my face and back, and at full arc I could see way up and downriver. At the full extension, Id jump into the river. Old Huck wouldnt get it swinging so much. I tried to push him higher, but couldnt get him high enough. He needed to pump his legs to help but he would have nothing of it. No matter how much I teased him about being a chicken, it yielded no better results.
Each day we went farther, creating places for different activities. Past the Earel Camp Road, we set up a fort and played cowboys and Indians. Upstream a bit, we found an eddy where the fishing was good. Two hundred yards deeper, we discovered a meadow where we cleared out a spot for lunch. Maybe a half mile more and we found a beach where we brought our Tonka truck and loader (both mine, he didnt have any) and we built roads, cities, and pools that fed from the river. We developed a routine that got us home later and later. Three times that summer I arrived home late for supper, sure my dad would break out the belt, or a switch, or his hand. He just frowned and said, A little late tonight, arent you? The third time he took away my dessert and ate it himself, lemon meringue pie. Ever since then, I cant seem to get enough lemon meringue pie. 
As we extended our borders and traveled farther upriver, wethat is, Idiscovered Sandra Thompsen. Bored with the trucks, I suggested we row up a bit more. Johnny Ray climbed in and sat on the front of the boat, his legs hanging into the water. I rowed upstream, my strokes smooth and powerful, as the boat and us learned the ways of the water together. As I paddled close to the shore looking for snakes or frogs, we hit a clearing with a house. I spotted her on the deck in a chaise lounge chair. Sandra.
The clouds parted and the sun shone on her straight blond hair, and the music came up. None of that happened, but it might as well have. She was at an angle and leaned back on the chair, wearing shorts and a T-shirt. She wore blue shorts and long tanned legs, her shirt a dazzling white. The sun bleached her hair to a bright blond. I stopped rowing and stared. Sandra was two grades ahead of me and in high school. I hadnt seen her in two years. Those years had been good to her. She developed curves and shapes that transformed her from a gawky girl into a goddess. I turned the boat around and hoped she didnt see me. Johnny Ray sat up with the changing motion.
Whats going on? he looked around.
Nothing. Just going back down a bit, I whispered.
I thought we were going to try to get up to Bay Drive.
Not today.
Okay. Lets go back and play trucks.
I kept my voice low. Naw, I dont want to do that. I prayed she didnt hear our conversation.
Cowboys and Indians in the inlet then.
I just wanted to think about Sandra.
~
I rowed to her place alone. Tied the boat to her dock and sauntered up to her deck. Today, fully prepared, I wore a white shirt untucked with the top button unbuttoned. Sandra lay on the chaise lounge, sleeping. She wore the same outfit, blue shorts and white top. Her arms were tanning nicely.
Hello, Sandra.
She sat up, startled. Bobby. She brushed her beautiful golden locks away from her face and dazzling green eyes. 
Mind if I sit down?
She patted the flat part of the chair beside her.
I sat so close our hips touched. She smelled like lilacs. I saw you row past the other day.
You did?
She nodded and closed her green eyes for a second. A dozen freckles graced each cheek. Full lips with a hint of lipstick. Ive been thinking about you ever since.
I have, too. Ive bee
She kissed me. She put her long, slender fingers behind my head and pulled it to her face.
Thats the scene I rehearsed in my mind, every day, a thousand times, that summer. The blue and white outfit. The hair, brushed back. The kiss. A thousand times. Maybe more. Yet I never spoke to her, and she didnt know I existed. 
We didnt mean to take the boat out every day that summer, Johnny Ray and I. Lots of times wed play hopscotch or find other kids and played tag or Red Rover, but the sun would get up in the sky and beat down on us. Wed take off, and the other kids would beg us to bring them along. But their parents forbid it. We would launch as the big men in the neighborhood, and by the time we floated past Sandras house, we transformed into little boys.
After the first chance meeting, I made sure we rowed past her house, every day. Most days she didnt appear, the star of the stage leaving the hungry crowd of one wanting more. But once in a while, she would appear as we cleared the trees, sunning, watering flowers, or lying in the hammock. That was the worst, as I could barely see her.
One day we glided past as Sandra played croquet with her mother. She bent over the ball, the mallet in her hands and her backside to us. An amazing view. She wore polka dotted shorts, blue on white, and her tan legs accented that outfit in an amazing display of beauty. Her mom said something and she laughed a high, carefree, lilting laugh that changed me. If I could make her laugh like that with me, it would be a time of blissful peace and harmony. We would both laugh together.
Hey man, row, Johnny Ray said.
The boat drifted toward their dock. I back paddled hard while trying to be quiet. Imagine if we crashed into her dock. Then Id look idiotic. I aimed the boat downstream and let him row.
He steered the boat to Pirates Island, which wasnt an island, just a bit of a sandy beach. Johnny Ray got a scarf and tied it on his head. He put his hands on his hips and said, Arr. He looked silly.
I decided I would go up to Sandras place the next day. Alone.
~
Because I couldnt think of a good reason to tell Johnny Ray he couldnt come, I just took off early by myself. I packed a lunch and some bait. And I brought my best white shirt. Pirates Island appeared out of the morning mist. I stopped there and practiced. Hello, Sandra. Im Bobbie. Ive been rowing past your house this summer
No.
Hi, Sandra. I couldnt help but see you.
No.
Sandra. Would you like to go for a ride in my boat?
Better. Then I would be offering her something.
I wrote her name in the sand with a stick while practicing my lines and carving our initials in a tree with a heart surrounding them. I tried to practice holding her hand, but holding my own didnt work. At last I stood, and working up my courage, got in the boat and paddled to her house. Right as the trees would clear to her yard, I turned back. Repeated the same routine. Wrote her name. Carved another set of initials in another tree. Rehearsed the lines. Wrote Bobbie and Sandra in the sand. Paddled to her house.
Nothing.
I couldnt just walk up to the house and knock on her back door. She needed to be in the back yard for the plan to work. I rowed back to Pirates Island, the white shirt stuck to my back, soaked with sweat.
Okay. I took off the shirt and hung it on a tree. Swam in the river a bit. Got to get the sweat off. Cursed myself for failing to think of bringing deodorant. Put the shirt back on and once again headed to Sandras house. I set my will. If shes there, I will get out and talk to her. I rowed slow and easy, but the sweat trickled down the center of my back.
As I rowed closer to her house, I could hear her muffled voice. Then I heard the most beautiful, soundher lilting laugh as it skipped across the water. I moved the oars like a whisper through the water to savor the moment and conserve sweat. She spoke again, her voice low. Swiveling my head to find her, I saw her sitting on the dock, just a few feet away.
With Andy Workman, a football player.
What to do? Now I floated into their view, rowing upstream. Turning now would look idiotic, so I rowed onward, and they came into full view, seated side by side on the dock with their feet in the water, holding hands. Sandra smiled and waved at me. I stopped rowing with one hand and waved back, then fumbled for the oar. It popped out of the oarlock and I lunged for it. The boat tipped and I shot over the gunwale and into the water. Sandra and Andy got a good laugh out of that. I climbed back into the boat and realized I failed to recover the oar. I paddled with the one oar like a paddle, as they said something. Mortified, I didnt hear what they said, except the word, Bobbie. It sounded like a babys name, not Bob, or Rob, or Robert or something. I caught up to the oar and leaned over to grab it. Please, dont fall in again. The boat turned toward the shore, so I rowed hard to straighten it.
No way was I going back by her yard. I bore down on the left oar and made a long arcing turn through the middle of the river and soon I could see the two of them on the dock.
Then Andy kissed her. Right on the mouth. I saw him do it. Then he pulled away and smiled at me, with a look that said, I got her. You dont.
He may as well have stabbed me in the heart.
I rowed back home, the song in my head.
I had a girl
And Donna was her name.
Since she left me
Ive never been the same.
Cause I love my girl
Donna, where can you be?
I stopped at Pirates Island and carved the initials out of the trees, making it unreadable. Swept my feet over the names carved in the sand. Wadded up the shirt and threw it in the river. As it moved downstream and settled into the depths, I realized my mother would kill me when she found out I lost it.
I rowed home.
Crenshaw didnt seem to be around so I swam a bit to cool off, the sun now bearing down and the humid air still as death. Wandering home, I stole from place to place, surveying the neighborhood to avoid Johnny Ray and his wrath. Mom met me at the kitchen and gave me a glass of lemonade, dripping with cold droplets on the glass. She had the radio on and I sat on the couch with my feet on the coffee table. Perry Como sang. After his song the announcer said, And now, the Poni Tails. No, please. Not this song. Numerous women harmonized and stabbed my heart with the words.
Born too late for you to notice me
To you, Im just a kid that you wont date
Why was I born too late?
Mom walked in and said, Are you okay, honey?
I wiped my eyes and nodded. This is a sad song.
It sure is. She sat beside me and I leaned into her. You want to talk about it?
I shook my head and stood. Think Ill go find Johnny Ray. Head out to the river. I walked out of the room as the Poni Tails continued their assault,
I see you walk with another
I wish it could be me
I long to hold and kiss you
But know it never can be.
Well go upriver and play trucks, pirates, Huck and Tom games. Do some fishing and fry them up. Maybe Johnny Ray can pump his legs, let go of the rope swing today.
But Ill never go by Sandras house again.

Wisconsin
During our ride through Wisconsin, we managed to get into Lambeau Field for Family Day, where the team scrimmaged and 50,000 cheeseheads attended. Boy, they loved their beer, brats, and cheese. We attended a festival, too, but with much different results. Why cant a handsome-challenged and cool-deficient guy not get the girl? Warning: This story rated PG13 for gratuitous humor. Youve been warned.
THE BEER, BRAT AND CHEESE FESTIVAL
Harvey Messman drove his beat-up Ford Focus into the town of Sister Bay. The road below teemed with cars, bicycles, and pedestrians. Beyond it, Green Bay extended, and Harvey wondered why people called it green when it looked gray. Sailboats and power boats dotted the seascape. The park almost disappeared underneath the hordes of people, celebrating Beer, Brats, and Cheese. Harvey gripped the wheel and wondered why he ever came to this celebration. The thought of meeting people made his hands clammy. He groaned and rolled down the hill, his foot on the brake.
He spotted a car leaving a space so he signaled and nosed his car into the gap. Bad idea. Instead of stopping ahead of the spot and backing in, parallel parking style, he went straight in, nose first, the front wheels against the curb, with the tail sticking out in traffic. Two women pointed and tittered. 
I got this. He crawled forward until just about Nope. He bumped the car in front of him. Hit reverse and jacked the wheel. The car turned and reversed with the front now sticking into traffic worse than before. As he noted that, the car continued backward until it hit the car behind, starting its alarm. Startled, Harvey threw it into drive and banged into the forward car until he hit it, sounding another horn. Frustrated, he backed and jacked and pulled out of the spot, cutting off a car coming his way. The driver slammed on his brakes and another plowed into him. Harvey eased by with a smile and shrug like, what can you do? and searched for another spot. Not until he found one a mile from the event did he realize hed parked, both times, on the wrong side of the street. Banging his door into a wooden planter gave him the clue. He surveyed the chip on his door, then shut it.
He rooted through his giant beach bag and found the sunscreen. Smearing on a thick white pancake batter layer of SPF 70, he checked out the crowd. Lots of fuzzy people. Oops. His glasses sat on the roof. He reached for them, but they shot out from between his greasy fingers. Startled, he jumped and landed on them. He held them close to his eyes and surveyed the damage. Rats. He walked to the back of the car, his hand on the side until he reached the trunk. Rooting around, he found a thick gob of transparent tape and wound it around the bridge of the nose section. He put them on, content with the fix. Except one cracked lens. If he tilted his head to the right, he could see just fine. He tossed the tape in the trunk, shut the lid and took a step, then fell to the ground. Hed gotten the bag stuck in the trunk. Opening it, he swept the bag away, then sauntered toward the park. No more accidents.
Arriving at the grassy park along the bay, he pushed his glasses onto his nose and checked out the crowd. Folks shuffled by each other, shoulder to shoulder along the booths at the Beer, Brat, and Cheese Festival in Sister Bay. A guy jostled him and his bag fell to the grass. Bending over, he knocked over a bicyclist. Sorry. Time for some refreshments. He got in two separate lines to acquire a good sized paper cup of beer and a huge hot brat lying in a bun that he balanced on a paper plate. Stopping at the condiment table, he carefully painted a thick stripe of ketchup on one side and mustard on the other. Harvey liked things neat and tidy. Thats why he kept his pens in his pocket protector. They always seemed to leak. The crowd bumped him as he turned to consider wading into it, each hand busy with balance, the bag slipping down his shoulder. He shrugged it back a bit. Everything looked weird, thanks to the crack in his lens. He leaned his head to the right. No more accidents today, he said aloud. No worries about anyone hearing him as the band belted out, Surfing USA nearby. Somehow he would worm his way through the masses to a table and sit down, mitigating his chances for an accident. Impatient to get started eating, he held up the brat to take a bite.
 He took one step. One. Then he saw Tawny Brittenhouse walking toward him. He gulped. Tawny worked at the same Real Estate office as he did, in sales, while he worked accounting. She always flashed through the building with dangling earrings and bracelets, wearing fabulous clothes and makeup. All the accounting guys talked about how cool it would be to walk around with Tawny on their arm, and other conquests, like it could happen. Harvey knew better, but engaged in the conversations anyway. They even found fault with her attributes, but today he could find nothing to support their lame opinions. 
Today Tawny dressed casually, but wow. She wore a tight pair of white shorts with brown high heel sandals at the ends of her long, tanned legs. Blond hair curled down to her shoulders. Gold and silver bracelets graced both arms, jangling a musical note. Her bright red shirt must have been two sizes too small, accentuating her flat stomach and curving hips. And the Twin Peaks did everything possible to break free of their confines, spilling over the red ledge.
Harvey gulped again. Oops. He gulped with the brat in his mouth. It slid down his throat and stuck. He swung his hand to his throat, but it held the plastic cup of beer. The cup bounced off his chin and flew the other way, dumping its contents into the valley between the Delightful Ds. Tawny shrieked.
Harvey backpedaled and tripped, the bag falling to the ground, his arms cartwheeling and his eyes huge as he stumbled backward, the brat still jammed in his mouth. He fell onto the condiment table and the back of his head smacked a glass tray of cheese samples. As he continued his descent, the tray somersaulted over, throwing a cheese slice up and arcing, landing with a splat on the tanned surface of Tawnys chest, flanked by the Pretty Pair. The tray landed flat on Harvey stomach, acting like a Heimlich maneuver; pushing the air out his mouth, the brat flew out with a whoosh. Doing what extreme snowboarders call a ten-twenty, which translated means it made three complete somersaults in the air before wedging itself between the Matching Mounds, ketchup oozing down one side and mustard down the other.
Seeing the damage, Harvey grabbed the tablecloth to pull himself up, dragging cheese, napkins, plates, and plastic forks, mustard, ketchup, and other condiments to the ground, not before cascading over his head. After being helped to his feet, he immediately reached over to clean up the ketchup and mustard before stopping. 
The brat stood upright against the backdrop of cheese, with beer trickling down like a waterfall inside the Secret Set.
Harvey spotted the brat. I uh, excuse me, but, he approached the brat with finger and thumb, extricating it like a scientist handling nuclear material. I believe that is mine. He slid the brat from between the Pair of Pretties.
He shoved it in his pocket protector, then surveyed the damage at the Darling Duo. Reaching in his other pocket, he produced a handkerchief and attempted to wipe the damage from the landscape. 
Tawny swatted his hand away and put hers on each of his SPF 70 cheeks. Are you all right?
Unaccustomed to speaking with anyone so beautiful, he started to cry. With all the other trauma he endured, he didnt even notice, but a tear trickled down his left cheek. Maybe he didnt notice because it flowed over a layer of SPF 70. Tawny wiped it away. Oh, you poor dear. Here, come with me. Ive got a blanket and picnic set up near that tree. She pointed. You think you can make it?
He gave a couple of nervous nods. She put her arm around his shoulders and steered him to the blanket. He stopped, turned, and picked up his bag. Workers knelt and picked up debris from the grass. Sorry. He shrugged the bag onto his shoulder and caught up with Tawny.
When he spotted the blanket, he began hyperventilating.
Oh, you must be seriously hurt, Tawny straightened his glasses. Now he needed to tilt his head. Here, sit down. He sat, Indian style. Here, put your bag down. She took his bag and bent over to set it down, giving Harvey an unobstructed view of the Gorgeous Gals ketchup, mustard, cheese, beer, and all. His hyperventilation reached a new level. Tawny looked at him, looked at the object of his affliction, and said, Oh, youre sorry, arent you? She reached into her giant purse, extricated a washcloth, added bottled water, and cleaned up the mess. Harvey couldnt speak, but kept trying, muttering unintelligible gibberish. 
You must have a concussion. She held his hand and felt his pulse with her other. My, your pulse is racing. Here. Lie down. She took his shoulders, got him onto the blanket, laid his head in her lap, and brushed his cheek with the wet washcloth. 
Oh, dear, Tawny said, found another washcloth, wet it, and wiped his sweating brow. I hope you dont need to go to the doctor. You dont need to go to the doctor, do you? He shook his head. Lets check you out. Whats your name?
Huh huh huh huh Harvey.
Good, she nodded and stroked his cheek. Whats your last name?
Messmessmessmess
She pouted her lips. Youre a mess?
Messmess. Man.
Youre a mess, man? Is that what youre saying?
M-m-messman. H-Harvey Messman.
Her face changed into a smile. Oh, Harvey Messman. Maybe you dont have a concussion.
No. Concussion.
Im Tawny. Tawny Brittenhouse.
I know. I wor-wor-work at Realty S-S-Solutions, too. Wait until the guys hear where my head sat on Saturday, in Tawny Brittenhouses lap. They wont believe it. 
You do? Well how wonderful. I havent noticed you there.
Tawny continued to nurse him to health, giving him a sandwich, a soda, and some chips. Harvey considered removing the brat from his pocket protector and eating it, but tossed it aside when Tawny wasnt looking.
~
Harvey stood at the water cooler. Im telling you, I spent the day with Tawny at the Beer, Brat, and Cheese Festival. I had my head in her lap
Okay, thats enough, Phil held up a hand. I was willing to believe you when you crashed into the table, that was easy to swallow. But you took it too far, man. Your head in her lap. 
She did. I mean, I did, and theres more. After that
Hold on, bud. Preston Hill shook his head. Im with Phil. You crossed over and your story just doesnt wash.
The sound of clicking high heels and bracelets stopped the conversation. Harvey, dear. Tawny clicked up to him, wearing a white blouse with a yellow blazer and skirt, and kissed him right on the lips. How are you feeling?
Uh great. Really great.
She hugged him and kissed him once again. Good. Are we on for lunch?
Sure. Right. Like we said.
We did, didnt we? She patted his arm. Are you going to introduce me to your friends?

Indiana
Indiana was also Amish country, a culture unto themselves. The more I saw, the more I realized the separation they embraced. Being English, we struggled to understand much of their culture. 
AMISH LOVE
Mike Wharton drove his Ford F450 along County Road 37 outside of Middleton, the trailer laden with tools and electrical parts. He marveled at the beauty and simplicity of the landscape. The farms with their white houses and barns, clotheslines hanging low with their burden of simple clothes, and picturesque pastures that looked like something from a painting. 
It felt good to get away from Indy and all the craziness and chaos. Just out of a breakup with a girl who proved to be a real psycho, Mike was ready for some space. Cant seem to find a decent woman anymore. Friends told him he looked in the wrong places. It seemed they were right, as the ones he picked up in bars turned out to be alcoholics, druggies, or both, with just a hint of crazy, shaken not stirred. He tried supermarkets and they had baggagesingle moms desperate for a guy, preferably one with money. The last one he met in a Laundromat, of all places, and she seemed okay for a few weeks, then developed jealousies of imaginary women and threatened to first kill him, then later kill herself. Changing his phone number, blocking her calls and emails, and finally a restraining order made him wonder if there were any real, decent women around anymore.
He hadnt been out to this country since boyhood. But this job, installing the electrical on an RV manufacturers new building, took him out here for a month. 
He came upon an Amish buggy in his lane, black with a red reflector triangle, the thin wheels looking delicate. A guy with a heavy beard rode in it. He swerved by it to give the horse plenty of room. Wouldnt want to spook it. The horses didnt seem to mind the auto and truck traffic, veterans of the highway shoulder. 
Huge oak trees shaded the road and feeling the effects of the simple Amish culture, Mike drove five miles under the speed limit. Ahead, a woman on a bicycle pedaled, Amish for sure, with her white bonnet and plain blue dress. As a big rig approached from the North, Mike tried to squeeze through, giving her and the truck both space.
Just as Mike cleared the woman, the truck barreled toward him, so he moved right to give room. Looking in the rearview mirror, he saw his trailer hadnt cleared her and it squeezed her onto the shoulder. Her front wheel wiggled and she fell over the handlebars, a tangle of bike, dress, arms, and legs. He stopped the truck and ran back. Finding the girl under the bike, he pulled it away and offered her a hand. 
Are you all right?
Yes. I just fell. She stood.
Her bonnet looked askew, so Mike straightened it and brushed some grass off her cheek. 
I am so sorry.
Its okay. I saw the truck. You didnt have any room. She picked up her bike and inspected it. I think its okay. She brushed off grass and dirt, and spotted a tear in the dress. 
Look, I feel so bad. Can I give you a lift?
Thank you. But of course not. She straddled the bike.
Can I give you something? Some money to fix your bike or something?
She pedaled away. The bike is fine. Goodbye, she said over her shoulder.
Whats your name?
Ruth.
I am really sorry, Ruth.
She replied something, but he couldnt hear her. Mike returned to the truck and started it. By the time he got to Highway 20, she had already turned left and was riding along the shoulder. He watched her silhouette get smaller as trucks and cars whizzed past her. Mike turned right and headed to the job site.
~
Middlebury didnt have a lot to offer for local restaurants and after a few days Mike had tried them all. For dinner he thought hed try a tourist trap, the Das Dutchman Essenhaus, a large white building that bustled with customers, an Amish place, he guessed. He chose the buffet rather than the sit-down dinner and heaped his plate with fried chicken and vegetables. Both Amish and non-Amish girls bustled about, bussing the tables and checking on customers. After a long day of work, Mike ate ravenously. He stopped chewing, however, when he spotted the girl who had fallen off her bike. She wore the same white bonnet with the ribbons dangling to each side and a plain blue dress. A white apron kept food stains off it. Her skin glowed, fair and clear, and she had blue eyes with light brown hair, what little of it he could see. Her shoes seemed incongruous, black tennis shoes with red stripes on each side. Good for waitressing, though. He resumed eating a roll and watched her. She worked steadily and effortlessly, her movements fluid and almost casual, yet she got a lot done. Was it an Amish thing, or a busser thing, that she didnt make eye contact with the customers? He tossed his napkin on the table and approached her.
Ruth.
She spun, then smiled at him, her eyes twinkled, without guile. Then she reverted to busser and cast them down.
Hello. She wiped her hands on her apron.
Hey, I just wanted to see if youre okay.
Im just fine, thank you. I appreciate your concern. 
And she walked away.
~
Back in his motel room Mike watched television, but couldnt get Ruth off his mind. He thought about her simplicity. A girl on a bicycle. A life uncluttered, a woman undefiled. Such a stark contrast to the women hed known. And those clear, light blue eyes. He decided to eat at the Dutchman more often.
Like every night.
~
The next night he sat at the same table and saw her. They made eye contact and her smile went clear through her eyes. Once again she looked like she thought better of it and down they went, looking at dirty dishes and tables. 
Mike took his time with the meal and watched her move with understated grace and poise. I wonder what her life is like? Did she still live at home? She must ride her bike to work, so she must be within ten miles of here. Did she have brothers? Sisters? Amish typically had large families. And they lived simply, like no electricity. Being an electrician, that confused him. How wonderful to run wires, install hardware, and turn on a light. And central heating, what a great way to remain comfortable. 
Ruth didnt speak to any of her peers, but worked together with them like a well-oiled machine, none of them needing direction. Mike saw that at work, too. When an experienced group worked together, everyone knew their job and things got done quickly and correctly. She seemed polite and gracious to customers. Apparently she worked as a busser, otherwise he would get a table where she worked as a waitress. 
She glanced at him a number of times, and each time he smiled. She would smile back for a split second, then return to the task. Mike stood and approached her from behind.
Ruth.
She whirled. Oh, hi.
Hey, I was wondering, Id like to see you. You know, after work or something.
She shook her head. Oh, no no. Thank you, but I cant. She set a stack of plates in a plastic tub.
Id just like to see you is all.
Thanks but Im not going to do that. She continued working and ignored him. He sat back at the table and watched her finish the table and roll the dishes into the kitchen. She didnt return to the dining area. He got up, paid, and left.
~
Three nights in a row he repeated the same scenario: watch her work, approach and offer to see her, the kind and well-mannered rejection. He sat at different tables each night, but she didnt buss his, no matter where he sat. On night four, Mike decided to push it a bit farther. He finished dinner, then surveyed the area outside around the restaurant until he found her bike. He waited for her. When does one cross over to stalking? I just want to see her. But isnt that what stalkers say? An hour and a half later, Ruth emerged from the kitchen with no apron. Mike walked alongside her.
Hi, Ruth.
She gave a quick sideways glance, then looked away. Hi. It might be a tiny thing, but he noticed she smiled a bit longer before she broke it, not the busser looking down at dirty plates, but looking back and forth for anyone who might see them. No one. 
I just wanted to say that I like you and think youre a fine person and someone Id like to get to know better.
Well, I appreciate that, but I better get going. She turned to her bike and Mike reached for her arm. She stopped and blushed as she looked at his hand on her arm. She pulled it away. Thank you. Really. But I need to go. She looked him in the eye, and again he could see, could tell, she exuded a common goodness and purity that hed never seen before. 
Okay.
Good bye.
Bye.
Dangit. He watched her pedal away. I really want to know her better.
~
Mike again ate dinner, tried to engage Ruth, hung around the back of the building, and got rejected once again. Another night he brought flowers and she thanked him, put them in her basket on the bike and rode away. 
Whats your last name?
Yoder.
Ruth Yoder.
When do you cross over to stalker? He shook his head and left.
The next night he brought candy, wondering if the Amish ate candy. Whatever, she would enjoy it if she ate it, for sure. He got a small box so she could hide it if she needed to. As she thanked him and left, he called out, Do you live at home with your family?
Yes, she said over her shoulder.
The following evening, Friday, he stood in line behind a dozen or more tourists. He sat across the room from his normal spots and craned his head to find Ruth Yoder. After eating his chicken and mashed potatoes he spotted her. She appeared, pushing a cart of dirty dishes. As she entered, he saw her survey the crowd. Shes looking for me. Very good. He waved and she looked left and right before fluttering her fingers, then returned to the task. She wove between the chairs and gathered dishes. Two more times she stole glances toward him, which he rewarded her with a nod and a slight wave. 
He waited by her bike. The wind whipped through the area and the temperature dropped ten degrees since before dinner. She popped her head out the door and looked left and right. Seeing it clear, Ruth walked to her bike and Mike. 
Hi. He handed her a gift, crudely wrapped. She opened it and smiled. 
Its soap. Her eyes gleamed along with her smile. Thank You. She held it to her nose to smell it. The skies opened up and rain fell hard. Ruth ran to her bike.
Listen, I can give you a ride in my truck. Its right there. He pointed behind him.
She stopped, the struggle evident on her face. All right.
He set her bike in the back and opened the door for her. He trotted around and shut the door. The rain pounded on the roof and splattered off the hood. Ruth looked around the inside of the truck.
Have you ever ridden in a truck before?
She shook her head. Ive ridden in cars before. This is really big. She held onto the door, looking ready to bolt at any time. He started the engine and it rumbled to life. Put on your seat belt.
She looked at him blankly, then, Oh. Yes. Of course. She fumbled around and Mike took his off, then demonstrated how to do it. He figured it was safer for her than him wrestling her belt around her hips. He turned the wipers on high. Shifted it into gear. Drove back to Highway 20, headed south and accelerated. 
He caught Ruth gulping. This goes really fast.
Laughing, he replied, Quite a bit faster than a horse.
Yes, but you cant love a truck like a horse.
Good point. I suppose. But I sure love my truck in this downpour. He drove on in uncomfortable silence. What to say? So you live down Highway 37?
She nodded, a quick and short movement. Yes. County Road 37 and Yoder Drive. But well stop before my house. 
Yoder drive, of course. Deep roots. Why is that?
My father will kill me.
For riding in the truck?
For riding with you.
He turned right on 37 and she pointed to a tree. Stop there.
Its still raining pretty good. He stopped the truck and shut off the engine. Ruth, Id like to take you out sometime.
She shook her head, wrung her hands and stared at the floor. No.
He put the side of his finger under her chin and lifted her face to his. I like you, Ruth. I just want to get to know you better.
Thanks, but I
He kissed her. He held both her cheeks and put his lips on hers, a soft, gentle kiss, short. He backed away and looked into her eyes the windows of her soul. He saw her guileless look, then she turned away, opened the door, and stepped out into the downpour. 
Mike opened his door and ran to the back. Isnt there somewhere we can meet, without anyone to see us?
No. No. Give me my bike.
He picked her bike up and set it on the ground.
Thank you. She rode away into the deluge, her dress already a sopping mess. 
~
Mike drove home for the weekend so he didnt eat at the Dutchman until Monday. Just after he sat down, Ruth entered and scanned the room. She glowed when spotting him and headed his way. This is progress. Would you like some coffee?
He hated coffee. Sure. 
She left and returned to his table with a cup of hot coffee and set it down. 
Thanks.
A note protruded from under the cup. In a looping and neat cursive the message read:
If you would like to see me, we could meet at my friend Alices house. I talked to her and arranged it for tomorrow after work at 7:15 p.m. It wont be very long, but I would like to see you there. If you would agree to meet me there, write Yes on the back of this note and leave it on the saucer. She wrote directions and a small map to Alices house. The Amish dont seem to use addresses and GPS either. 
He borrowed a pen from the hostess, copied the directions on another scrap of paper, signed the note, and left it on the saucer, feeling like some kind of secret agent. He ate dinner and smiled at Ruth every chance he got, and met her at the bike after her shift.
~
Feeling foolish, Mike rang the bell. Im here not to see you, but to see Ruth Yoder. A waitress he recognized answered. Hi, Im Alice. Her brown hair hung straight to her shoulders and she wore a tank top with tight jeans. Definitely not Amish. She held the door wide and welcomed him into the house, complete with lights and a radio with music playing. 
The entry opened to a small foyer, then a large dark living room with old hardwood floors. Ruth sat on the couch, still wearing her blue dress and bonnet.
I know you dont have much time, so Ill leave you here. Alice exited toward the kitchen.
Thank you, Alice, Ruth said. She sat ramrod straight, her hands on her knees. Mike sat close beside her and put his hand on hers. It felt cold. He picked it up and rubbed it with both of his hands.
Ruth. Its so good to see you.
She turned and her eyes gleamed, the wholeness and depth of character exuding from her gaze. Im happy you came.
Mike sat back and held her hand. Never know what to say.
What are you doing in Middlebury?
Im an electrician. Doing a job at the RV factory on 37.
So you install electricity? I mean, you make electrical?
I install wiring and switches so the electrical components work.
We dont use any electricity.
Right. Now what do I say? Tell me about your family.
I have four sisters. Two older and two younger. Im the middle one.
He rubbed her arm. Are you the family with the quilt store? The one on 37
Yes. How did you know?
 Lucky guess. Five daughters and a wife, your family doesnt run a hardware store. I see it when I drive by. So do you quilt?
Yes. I work at the Dutchman, but quilt a lot, too.
He turned her hand, ran his finger along her palm and gently slid it up her fingers. That explains your hands.
What?
Slender and delicate, yet strong.
She blushed. Thank you.
He placed his hand on her cheek and kissed her. She kissed him back this time and when they pulled apart, her eyes glowed.
God bless Alice.
~
They met at Alices every evening for two weeks, for a mere forty-five minutes, a twinkling of an eye. As the job wound down, Mike felt the clock ticking. They sat on Alices couch and he kissed her. He leaned back on the couch.
What are you thinking?
That my jobs about done, and I want to see you. A lot.
Ive been thinking about that about you. We cant go on, Mike.
Why not? He knelt in front of her and held her hands. I love you, Ruth.
I love you, too.
So? Then?
Im Amish.
So?
She stood and crossed her arms. We Amish stick together. I mean, we willI will marry an Amish man.
Mike stood and came behind her, his hands on her shoulders. But we could be together. You know, like Romeo and Juliet, but not with families that hate each other.
It doesnt work like that. If I were to date you, or marry you, the entire family shuns me. They cut me off. Theres too much at stake.
No. No. Let them meet me
She turned to face him and held his face in her hands. Its not you. Its being English.
English?
She nodded. Non-Amish people in America are English, and no matter how wonderful you areand you are a wonderful manit wont work.
What if you
Mike. She held his cheeks. Youre fighting hundreds of years of tradition and family. The Amish are fiercely loyal to each other as a community and as families, and while you love me and I love you, it simply cannot be. No one in my family would see me, even speak to me. Ever. For the rest of my life. Tears streaked down both her cheeks. He wiped them away and hugged her. Her tears wet his shoulder. He sighed. So. If I love you, truly love you in a perfect way, I let you go. For your most, best good.
She nodded into his shoulder.
Okay then. He kissed her, deeply and passionately, Ruth returning the depth of their love. She peered at him. Now youre crying.
This hurts. He wiped his face. 
I should have never let you get this far.
He hugged her. Nonsense. I didnt exactly take no for an answer. And even though it hurts so bad, it was so good.
It really was. She intertwined their fingers, put her forehead to his, and gazed into his eyes.
Most people look at someone for a second or less. A quick glance, then away. Not Ruth. She looked deeply into his eyes and he returned her gaze, seeing her very soul, connecting with her spirit like never before. They held each others lives in their eyes for perhaps a minute. 
At last they hugged, Mike wrapping his arms around her and running his fingers through her hair. 
The time marched away, a cruelty, and they drifted to the door, the inevitable breaking of the relationship for good. On the porch, Ruth kissed him. I love you, Mike. I will miss you.
Me, too.
And Ill never forget you.
I wont forget you either.
~
Mike shut the door of his truck and pulled out of the driveway. Ruth stood on Alices porch, hugging herself. He waved and she waved back. I finally find a woman of excellence and I cant have her.
He pulled out of the driveway, turned left, and headed to Indianapolis. 

Michigan
We rode along the shores of Lake Michigan, the sun leaving dappled shadows on the pavement like a Dalmatian. Harbor Springs looked like an idyllic town, with tourism and boating the dominant features. Huge mansions graced the area. Still, what if parts of it werent as charming as it seemed? And what about the wealthy Kellogg influence? 
SAILOR
Doug Newman smiled as he mixed the drink for his wife. Tonight was the night. Hed checked on the sailboat, the weatherman predicted a nice cloud cover, and hed confirmed the dinghy remained in place. He carried the wine glass on a tray to her office, where Kimberly sat at a computer. 
At your service, maam.
She turned, surprised. Smiled and took the glass by the stem. Why, thank you. To what do I owe this honor?
Just being a wonderful husband. He lifted his glass in a toast. To health. He held up his glass and tried not to laugh.
She lifted hers. To a wonderful husband.
Drink up.
She sipped, then grimaced. Tastes a little bitter.
Would you like some crackers or something to go with it?
That would be nice.
Fifteen minutes later Doug checked to see Kim sleeping on her keyboard. Hope I didnt kill her. He checked her pulse. Still breathing, good. He took her drink to the kitchen, scrubbed it with bleach, soap and scalding hot water, then set the glass in the dishwasher. Grabbed the duct tape from below the sink and taped her hands, feet and oh yes, her mouth. Tonight Doug would do the talking.
He carried her across the back yard to the garage, invisible to the street, and tossed her in the trunk of his new Maserati Granturismo with a thump. He fired up the car and eased through Harbor Springs, staying off the main streets. He headed North on Lakeshore Drive and after a few miles, turned a couple times and stopped near the shore of Lake Michigan at a small park.
Doug found the dinghy in the bushes to the north of the park, rowed it to the park and beached it. He tossed Kim in the boat, her head banging on the seat.
Oh, dear. That might leave a mark. The king of sarcasm. Just as planned, he rowed south for a quarter mile, then out a half mile and approached the sailboat from behind it in case the owners, a hundred yards away in their house, had been awake. But Doug did his homework; they always turned the lights out by ten. He tied up to the sailboat and dragged Kim over the side.
Wiping the sweat from his brow, he said, You could lose a few pounds, dear. He dragged her down to the galley. He got his bag of goodies from the rowboat and tossed them on the seat.
He feared this part the most. He broke the locks, got the boat prepared, tied the dinghy to the back, and set sail. If anyone in that house looked out the window, they would see their boat in full sail and he would have a lot of explaining to do. As the sails gathered the wind and he held the wheel, he couldnt keep his eyes off the house. But nothing.
Soon he heard banging below. He set the wheel and went down. Kim lay on the floor, squirming like a freshly caught walleye.
Hello, darling. He grabbed her under her arms and sat her at the table. She fought and twisted, and attempted to head butt him.
Oh dear. Youre going to be difficult. I guess Ill have to restrain you even more. With much fighting and wrestling, Doug got Kims feet and hands taped to the metal leg under the kitchen table.
There. All better. Comfy now? Of course not, trussed up like that, she sat bent, almost face down at the table. Her eyes blazed. 
I would love to have a conversation with you now, but Im sure you wont shut up, so Ill leave the tape on. Let me check our position first.
He trotted up to the deck, saw lights from Beaver Island to the North. Resetting the sails and direction, he turned the boat in a southerly direction. He heard thumping below, Kim banging her head on the table.
Doug got a pillow and placed it on the table. There, there. Easy girl. We wouldnt want to mess up that made up, waxed, botoxed, tanning bed beautiful skin now, would we?
She glared at him.
Heres whats going on. He reached in his bag and pulled out a cordless drill with a long auger bit. He pulled the trigger. It buzzed and Kims eyes morphed from anger to fear. He looked at her, then back at the drill.
Oh, no. Im not going to torture you. That would be mean. I just want to talk to you. He placed the drill on the table.
Weve been married ten years now, and Im tired of being the lap dog. Since you have all the Kellogg moneyoh yes, I married you for your money. But you keep a pretty tight grip on those purse strings, dont you? He rubbed her cheek and she turned her head away. He put his finger by her chin and tried to turn her face back, but she resisted. He slapped her. 
Okay, heres the deal. Youre going to look at me, listen to me, and give me some respect. For a change. Oh, look. A tear. He wiped it with his finger. Youre crying. How sensitive.
For ten years Ive gotten no respect. Youre the Kellogg girl, youre the smart one, youre the decision maker and you control the money. Well, thats over tonight. Youre going to disappear. Were sailing this boat out to the middle of Lake Michigan and its going to sink. Kimberly Kellogg Newman will disappear without a trace. He picked up the drill and buzzed it. And youre going to sit here and think about what a jerk youve been while the water fills up around your pretty little face. And I am the heiresss heir. How about that?
She glowered at him.
Sure would be fun to take that tape off and talk, but Ive tried. For ten years Ive tried, so no more. Need to go see Laura. He saw her eyes widen at the name. Oh, yeah. We been having a good time for a couple of years now. And you didnt suspect a thing. He leaned in to whisper in her ear. And believe me, youre not in her league, sweetie. He patted her shoulder.
Doug went up and checked the sails and wheel, confirming the course. Then he went back below, shut off the bilge pump, and disconnected the batteries. He carried them past Kim. You wont be needing these. He threw them overboard and returned to check her restraints. Making sure it drilled below water level, he bored a hole in the side opposite Kim so she could see the water shooting into the area.
Okay, darling, the clocks ticking. I need to go. He kissed her cheek and she recoiled. Hey, lets not get so angry. It wrecks your skin tone. Good bye, darling.
Doug threw the drill in the lake, got in the dinghy and untied it. He rowed away. The sailboat got smaller as they separated from each other. He watched it from over the stern. Too bad he couldnt hang around and watch it sink. Gotta get home and be the grieving husband.
~
Kim screamed into the tape, but quickly stopped. That wouldnt help anything. She pulled and twisted at the duct tape with her hands and feet, but it seemed to provide no progress. The carpet beneath her feet turned dark as it became wet. For now, the water ran below. Got to think. She wiggled and twisted, but the tape held firm. Three feet away, sharp knives lay in one of the drawers. They might as well be in Singapore. Nothing to do but push, pull, and twist. 
After fifteen minutes she stopped, the sweat dripping in her eyes. Looking at the silver tape, she sighed. No success. The more she twisted and pulled, the more the tape seemed to compress and hold tighter.
At what she guessed was around three hours later, she wet her pants. When she tried to lift herself off the moisture to ease the discomfort, she saw the table lift on one side, just a sliver. The table was attached to the wall with hooks that could be removed to make into a bed. She lifted her arms and legs. The chrome table leg wiggled. Hope coursed through her. She attempted it again and the leg slid up, just a fraction, but gave her a mile of hope. Do it again and again. Each attempt seemed to make a fraction of headway. She lifted her hands and feet together but couldnt get much purchase from a sitting position. Perhaps she made no progress. Did she imagine it?
Come on you can do it. Her eyes stung from the sweat. Once more. She jerked her arms and feet together, and the leg popped out of the floor. It swung from side to side, but a hinge held it fast to the tabletop. Swinging her feet did nothing. She wiggled to the outside of the seat and fell to the floor. Pain shot up her legs as her feet stayed put, twisted sideways from her body. She lay on the floor, the cold water soaking into her buttocks and back. Come on. She wiggled her feet from side to side. Forget the table, work that leg off the table. Every turn shot pain up her legs. The agony drove her to hurry, to finish this. That, and the water shooting into the cabin. The boat would sink, no doubt about it, but she was determined it wouldnt go down with her trussed up like a pig inside it.
She rocked back and forth and the top showed signs of release. The screw threads, six of them, appeared to be loose. Come on! A half dozen more times and the screws let go. Kim fell backward, the pipe still locked onto her hands and feet. 
She rolled and thrashed about, making glacial progress toward the knife drawer. Finally she lay below it on her back, still hogtied. How to get the drawer open? Wiggling around, she pointed the top of the pipe toward the knob of the drawer. Missed. The water sopped into her pants and shirt. It wasnt any deeper yet. After a dozen attempts, the drawer slid out. She positioned the pipe under it and slid the drawer out to the stops. She struggled to breathe through her nose and stopped often to regain her breath. This time she lay back on the floor, the open drawer hanging above her; the lifesaving knives might as well be at home.
Home. That jerk. Drugging her and arranging this cruel death. With renewed energy, Kim rolled over, got up on all fours and head-butted the side of the drawer. The drawer rattled, but remained intact. She smashed it again and again until sweat ran down her face. Peering at her handiwork she saw red. Blood dripped off the glide. Great. Now Ill bleed to death before drowning. 
This was not working. They built these boats too well.
An idea hit her. She wiggled forward on her hands and feet until she knelt directly below the drawer. No more dozen attempts. She leaned down to the floor then burst upward, her head smashing through the bottom of the drawer. The pain caused her to see stars as various objects rained down on her, including broken parts of the drawer. She surveyed the possible items for her release and would have cried out, but for the duct tape. 
Playing cards, potholders, wash rags, a lighter, sandwich bags, batteries, and a pair of Aqua Socks. She surveyed the other drawers in the galley. Knives must be near the sink or stove. She turned her attention to the drawer between them. With her experience at wrecking one drawer, she smashed the next one upward in a matter of minutes, with wood, glides, and silverware showering down around her and crashing to the floor. 
Wriggling over, she pinched a large knife between her fingers. Too big. Rooting around, she procured a paring knife and set about sawing at the stubborn silver tape. After a fifteen minute marathon of cutting and sawing, the tape split apart and her hands became free. She ripped the tape from her mouth and cried out. Wow. It hurt just like in the movies. 
She tried to peel the tape from her feet, but her hands cramped. Picking up a large knife, she sawed the tape free. For the first time since the abduction, Kim felt a ray of hope. She picked up a gob of duct tape and tried to cover the hole to stop the water from gushing in, but the water force overcame it. A knife handle, net handle, wadded-up paper towel, paperback book, everything failed. 
Change of plans. Cant stop the water, pump it out. She went to the wall and found the switch for the bilge pump. Nothing. Then she remembered Doug carrying the batteries past, so the boat had no electrical power. 
Got to at least slow the water. She found the discarded tape again and pulled it apart. Estimating the size of the hole, she wadded up and rolled the tape for a plug. Stuffed it in the hole with water spraying around it. Two seconds later it fell out. She looked around and spotted the paring knife. Got another gob of tape and pulled it apart. Wrapped it around the knife blade, then plunged it into the hole.
It worked. Well, sort of. The water shot around it, but less than half as much. She removed it, added a bit of tape, and forced it in. Not good, but at least it would buy her some time. 
She stumbled upstairs and looked at the wheel. Locked in position. The sails were full, a gentle breeze keeping the boat moving where? No stars, no lights, no boats. Blackness.
If I cant stop the boat from sinking, I better get it closer to land. But how could she find the nearest land? Blackness surrounded her, but for a few lights of distant freighters. The cloud cover prevented any stars from showing. She ran to the gauges, no good. All electric. Think! She reasoned that Doug got the boat out a few miles, then must have set a course parallel to land, so it would be sure to sink out in the lake and not veer toward shore. He wouldnt have sent it out into the shipping lanes or someone might have rescued her. He must have set it to go south. She decided to turn it ninety degrees to port and hopefully sail to land. She set the sails and wheel to what she thought might be east. She captained boats on numerous occasions, but tonight this one felt sluggish and heavy. How much water would it take on before succumbing to it?
A bucket! She went below, rooted around, found a bucket and dipped it in the water. Carried it up and tossed it overboard. Repeat. Once again. After being cramped up from the hog-tying and bashing her head on the drawers, she felt weak. Probably groggy from the drugs, too. Keep going. Another trip. Another. After ten trips she found some crackers and ate them, but the sound of the water rushing in drove her to work again. 
At dawn she spotted a freighter way off the stern, a good sign, as they ran north and south. She adjusted the wheel a bit, tweaking it to point to land. Maybe. Another bucket of water. Her shoulders ached and sweat mixed with blood dripped in her eyes. She went to the head and waded in, the water up to her knees, and looked in the mirror. A monster looked back, black hair stringing down to her shoulders, clumps of it stuck to the dried blood on her scalp. Blood trickled down the right side of her forehead, and she remembered pulling her hair out of the scab. She cleaned it up a bit and covered it with a bandage.
The water covered the top of the toilet. How much more time? She kept bailing, each bucket stalling the inevitable.
The sun rose against a clear blue sky and Kim once again adjusted the boat toward it. At least now she knew she was headed east. Trip after trip she hauled the water and dumped it. A few hours later she spotted land over the horizon, and tears of hope welled in her eyes. 
I am going to make it. I will sail this boat all the way to Harbor Springs, she said aloud. With renewed energy she shuttled the buckets of water. 
After a dozen more she stopped, exhausted. Rooting around, she found a couple of energy bars and wolfed them down. But the steady flow of water drove her back to work. The water now filled the galley ankle deep. She picked the bucket up again for what, the three hundredth time? 
The sun shone straight overhead and Kim wiped the sweat from her eyes. Her mouth dry, she looked for a drink. 
She found a bottle of wine, but the thought of Doug drugging and abducting her made it look disgusting. She looked at the bottle. Message in a bottle. What if I dont make it? She rooted around and found a corkscrew, opened the wine and dumped it overboard. Next she found a pencil and paper. She composed the note, including enough evidence to send Doug Newman away for the rest of his life. She inserted the note and corked the bottle, started to throw it overboard, then relented. Might as well wait until the boat sinks and is closer to shore. She set it on the seat in the stern and remembered her thirst. 
In a lower drawer she found a bottle of soda and opened it, drinking deeply. Ugh, lukewarm. Perhaps the caffeine would help. She burped out loud and laughed, the Kellogg heiress belching. Carrying the bottle to the upper deck, she looked to the land. It appeared just as far away as an hour ago. The sails billowed a bit, then hung loose. Looking over the side she saw the boat creeping through the water, just a bit below the gunwales. 
Im not going to make it. She stated. She tossed the empty bottle into the lake. It would end up there anyway. Looking at the sun, she guessed it to be about six p.m. Great. Ill be swimming in the dark. She sat at the bench and rubbed her aching feet. Doug brought her barefoot, so the trips over the wet carpet took their toll. An idea struck and she waded into the galley area to find some socks, then remembered the Aqua Socks. She found them floating near the stove, the water halfway up the door. Tossing the socks on the bench, she put the rubber foot protectors on her feet. Too big, but much better. With renewed frenzy, she bailed the water, mitigating her time swimming in the water. The sails looked lackluster, and the boat crawled along with its heavy load of water. Everything floated on the water below decks: flip flops, the lighter, plastic bottles, broken drawer pieces. 
After the sun set, Kims spirit sagged with the emerging darkness. The boat, without power, emitted no light and the lake turned inky black, and would have melted into the sky but for the stars. A few lights from ships glowed in the distance behind her. She saw lights ahead and steered toward a grouping of them. It wouldnt be long, the water submerging the upper deck. Kim found a life jacket and changed into socks. 
What to wear or not wear. The life jacket, for sure. Swimming naked seemed best for speed and nothing to weigh her down, but she settled on bra and panties. She undressed and retrieved the table leg. Evidence. Wrapping the metal leg in a life jacket, she worried it would break loose. But how to hold it? Looking around, she grabbed a light line and tied the jacket to it, then tied it to her ankle. Should she take the leg? It became difficult to think clearly. The move reminded her of Tom Hanks in that movie where he got stuck on a deserted island with a volleyball. Wilson! 
No, bringing the leg made sense.
Wait until the last minute before abandoning ship? Perhaps she should get in the water now, in case the rigging or mast swung around, or perhaps it would form a whirlpool of some sort and suck her down. No. She bailed more water, now much easier as she didnt have to carry the bucket across the deck. 
The boat filled in what? Twenty-four hours? Yet when the water came over the gunwale it sank in a matter of seconds. Kim saw it spill over, the boat tilted to starboard as she dove away from it. As she cleared the side, the life jacket holding the table leg caught on the cleat and pulled her under. NO! She pulled at it, but it held fast, dragging her down. She knew she needed to swim toward the sinking boat. She swung around, but the boat fell faster than she could swim. Water built up in her ears. She cleared them, then pulled the rope until she felt the cleat and pulled the rope away. The life preservers rushed her to air, her lungs about to explode. Stay calm. She learned that in diving. She swam steady and upward until she burst into air and gasped. Oh, thank God. She lay on her back until regaining her breath.
Debris from the boat floated around her, nothing that looked useful. Then she saw a couch cushion, bobbing.
Kim swam to it and used it for a paddle board. More evidence, too. Her shoulders ached from the bailing and now she must swim? She rolled over onto her back and worked the cushion under her shoulders. The stars shone brightly, with Orion, the Big Dipper, and the North Star twinkling in the sky. Now I know, for sure, which way is east. She kicked her legs and arms. The table leg, wrapped in its life jacket, bounced along behind her. Take my time and pace myself. Ive got a long way to go.
For no logical reason, a peace settled over her. She paddled easily on her back and stared at the expanse of sky, jammed with stars. With no ambient light, the stars gleamed like diamonds against black velvet. Her thoughts swung from, Im going to survive this, meet a wonderful man, and have kids, to I am going to find Doug, hunt him down, and kill him. Okay, not kill him, but see that justice is served. Maybe. 
The night wore on. She shivered from the cold water and air. No more floating, better keep moving or Ill freeze. An occasional plane flew overhead. Far behind her feet, a freighter passed. Might as well be on the moon. She rolled over to swim with the cushion as a paddle board and noticed it sat lower in the water and was becoming waterlogged. She screamed into the darkness. Does everything have to sink? Why? Why would Doug do this to me? I need to get hold of myself. Im still floating, the life jackets workDo life jackets ever get waterlogged?
She decided to shake it off and focus on swimming. She peered at her goal. The shore looked no closer. Could it be a current? Her imagination? No matter, she wept at her plight. The couch cushion felt heavy and sodden, so she pushed it away. 
Thinking back to a television show, she knew that the curvature of the earth would hide the shoreline at around five miles, so she must be four or less. How long would it take to swim that far? Honestly, though, this wasnt swimming, but floating in a direction. Exhaustion overtook her and she stopped swimming and rolled onto her back. Her biceps burned from rubbing the life vest. 
And what about currents? With its immense size, Lake Michigan currents could carry somethingor someonemiles away. Or out to sea. What if she took off the life jacket and just quit? She shook her head. No. Stupid thinking. She wanted to live. If for nothing else, to see Doug pay for his crimes. 
Her mind wandered. Whose boat did he just sink? Did they have insurance? Would Doug have to pay for it? From prison? Why would he do this to me?
She knew that answer. Greed. He always demanded more money. More cars, bikes, boats, and clothes. Investments like a ranch, apple orchard, and bike shop. She must have been in denial. He wasnt entrepreneurial, just greedy. 
The night eased away and the sun appeared. Kim swam on, but her kicks seemed as listless as the sails on the doomed boat. Was she doomed, too? She looked toward the land. Closer, for sure, but a long way to go. She thought she could make out houses. 
Her stomach cramped. When did she last eat? The power bars, hours ago. Should have found more food. Right. Like the couch cushions or something. At least she swam in fresh water. A person at sea would be dead by now, if not from the elements, then by sharks. And being summer, the water and air werent too cold. The chafing of her skin caused her movements to become smaller.
Kim found a house and determined to swim toward it. With her arms kept at her sides, she paddled her feet almost imperceptibly. Keep going. The sun bore down, straight overhead. Her skin looked bright red. Should have worn clothes for sunburn protection. 
~
Ben and Alice enjoyed their iced tea every daywhen the weather permittedon the deck overlooking the lake. Alice read on her Kindle and Ben studied his laptop. Then he scanned the landscape and stood. What the heck is that? He pointed.
Alice came beside him. Its a girl.
A woman wearing a life jacket crawled up on the beach, red and sunburned. Another life jacket floated in the shallow water. They ran and stopped beside her, noticing now that she was in only a bra, panties, and socks. Two cuts slashed across her forehead.
Are you okay?
Help me.
They pulled her to her feet, but between the sunburns on her feet and exhaustion, she sat back on the beach. Just let me get a bit of strength.
You need something to eat? Or drink? Alice wrung her hands.
Uh yes energy bar or something, energy drink anything.
Alice trotted to the house while Ben sat beside her. What happened?
I, uh, was shipwrecked.
Shipwrecked! It sounded like something from the nineteenth century. No wind for weeks, how could she? Was she delirious? Whats your name?
Kim. Kim Newman.
Alice appeared with drinks and candy bars. I brought these, too. She held out moccasins, furry on the inside. 
Thank you.
They escorted her to the house and Alice left her to get cleaned up. She walked into the family room and sat next to Ben on the couch. Wow, that girl is burned all over.
She going to be okay?
Shes soaking in a cool tub. Then Ill rub her down with aloe vera.
What in the world happened to her?
She wont say. Just borrowed my phone and called someone named Darla and asked her to come pick her up. Alice laced her fingers. But heres the weird part. I tried not to listen, but you know Anyway, shes in Harbor Springs.
Thats 250 miles away.
~
Darla Johnson rang the bell.
Hello. Im here to see Kim Kellogg Newman.
Ben gasped. Kellogg Newman. She just said her name was Kim Newman. Oh, sorry. Come in.
Darla let out a cry as she beheld her friend, her hair wet and disheveled, her skin burned a deep red, her forehead scarred. She wore a mans sweat shirt and jeans, rolled up at the ankles, burned too. And moccasins. Are you okay? Im sorry, but you look awful.
You should have seen me before the shower and clothes. But Im alive. And thanks to Ben and Alice, Im much better.
~
So what are we doing now? Darla shifted the car into gear and pulled out of the hospital parking lot. They fixed Kim up with sunburn cream and salve for her chafing. 
How far from Harbor Springs are we?
Kim, this is the third time Ive told you. Were in Holland. Are you okay?
How long til we get there?
Around four hours. Three if I drive like an idiot.
I am going to kill Doug.
Um, not a good idea.
Lets stop and get some breakfast.
Dinner.
Right. Ill fill you in on the whole story. She stared out the window, not taking in anything. How do I look?
Darla flipped down her visor. 
She stared at the red face and two sets of stitches across her forehead. I look like a barbed wire fence.
Darla laughed. Youre okay.
I am going to kill Doug Newman.
~
After their meal, they headed north, the weather sunny and warm. Kim stared out the side window. 
I am going to kill Doug Newman.
Darla took a deep breath. Listen, youve said that a number of times. Youve also asked how far we are from Harbor Springs often, so if you actually did kill him, I suppose I could testify that you were a victim of some kind of head trauma or something. You can afford a great lawyer, so I suppose you mightmight get off, but I still think its a bad idea.
Its a colloquialism. Like when your kids act up and you say youre going to kill them.
Okay, she nodded, but if he were to turn up dead, Im just saying
Im going to kill Doug Newman.
Darla sighed and focused on the road. 
It hurts to sit.
Im so sorry.
It hurts to stand, to lie down, to soak in the tub Kim sat up to ease the rubbing on her shoulders. Darla, call him.
What?
She turned from the side window and faced her. Call Doug. Tell him youve been calling my cell and havent been able to reach me. Youre worried.
And?
Lets see what he says. See if you can figure out where he is, too.
This sounds like a bad idea. Darla called up the car cell. Call Doug Newman. As the phone rang, she muttered to Kim, Dont say a word. Kim held a finger to her lips and gave the Boy Scout sign. It rang three times before he answered. 
Darla?
Hey, whats up, Doug? she kept it sounding chipper. 
Nothing. Hanging at the house. Darla and Kim looked at one another, got their answer. 
Hey, Ive been calling Kim since yesterday and it goes to voice mail. Where is she?
Shes gone to her mothers. Her vacation place at Sault St. Marie.
Okay. Well, dont they have cell service there?
Its spotty. 
Then they heard a faint tittering laugh in the background. The girls looked at one another.
Okay. Well, if you talk to her, tell her Im looking for her.
Will do. He clicked off and Darla finished the call. Did you hear that?
Yes. Hes at our house. My house. And Laura is with him.
Now what?
I am going to kill Doug Newman.
~
They drove by Kims house, all the windows dark. Keep going. She pointed to the side of the road, two doors down. Park there.
Darla shut off the car. I dont like this.
Wait here. Kim limped out and made her way to the garage and peered through the window. Inside it sat Dougs Maserati, her car, and a cream colored Lexus. She stole over to the house, tipped over a plant pot, retrieved the key, and struggled back to the car, indicating Darla should roll down the window. Pop the trunk.
I dont like this.
Just do it. Trust me on this one. Two phone calls. Ill wait until the cops get here and wake him up. I just want to see his face and tell him a few things before they arrest him.
She tapped the wheel. Its your party, sister.
Kim walked to the back of the car and retrieved the chrome table leg. She walked to the front and trudged up the stairs to her house. At the door, she turned and made a make those phone calls signal to Darla. She held the phone so Kim could see and punched 911. I need to report an attempted murder.
Kim punched the alarm code and tiptoed through the house. She crept up the stairs and eased open the door to the master bedroom. Peeking inside, she saw Doug, naked, the sheets twisted around his legs. Next to him lay Laura. The nerve of this guy! A siren sounded in the distance. Gotta hurry. She tiptoed to the side of the bed, raised the leg, and crashed it down on his nose. Thats for replacing me with her. The loud thwack woke Laura, but put Doug out.
She sat up, then covered herself. Kim. I thought you were
Hello, Laura. The sirens grew louder. Listen, hes pretty big so you better help me turn him or hell choke to death on his blood.
She recoiled at the blood splattered over the sheets and herself.
Do it, Kim commanded.
Laura struggled to help, still holding the sheet over herself.
Listen, sweetie. The cops are here, and youre staying with us. And no, youre not getting dressed. I need you for evidence. She lifted the table leg. This, too.
Cops burst through the door, guns pointed at Kim. Drop your weapon and put your hands up.
She complied, looking as submissive and humble as possible. One came over and pulled her arms behind her, and her shoulders sent electric shocks of pain through her body.
They marched her out and stood her at the back of a police car. Thank God it was early morning or the paparazzi would be swarming this place.
The chief of police stepped up. Kimberly Kellogg Newman, you are under arrest for the attem
Stop! Right now. Tonya, the family attorney arrived, looking disheveled. Have you lost your mind?
She tried to kill her husband. If it wasnt for a tip called in, she wouldve done it, too.
She shook her head. No, Doug tried to kill her. That was the tip.
He looked at the blood spattered on her red hands. Counsellor, I dont think so. He read Kim her rights and a cop put her in the back seat of the car. Tonya scolded them both and threatened lawsuit, sanctions, and all kinds of legal threats. After hammering him, the cop opened the back door so Tonya could talk to her client.
You okay?
Yeah. Just my shoulders are ruined from the ordeal and now these handcuffs are killing me.
I wont be able to get them off, but I should be able to get them shackled in front of you.
Listen, Kim said, make sure they arrest Doug and his squeeze, Laura. Dont let them get away. And get Chief Brown to the station. Well get this straightened out. Also, very important. Theres a chrome table leg, a cylinder thing, in the bedroom. Make sure it doesnt get lost somehow.
Got it.
Three cops emerged from the building with Doug and Laura, Dougs face covered with blood. At the same time, the paparazzi appeared with cameras clicking and videos recording under bright lights. The Kellogg Kidnapping and Murder Attempt Story was about to reach critical mass.
The End

Acknowledgments
The pit crew doesnt get the accolades of the racer, but is vital to the teams success. I appreciate my crew, including Miss Tazzie. You first helped me believe I could write. I appreciate you, Terry Burns (Hartline Literary, www.hartlineliterary.com), because more than anything else, you exude integrity. Thank you, Jami Carpenter (www.redpengirl.com); you make me look good without destroying my fragile ego. Susan Campbell, graphic artist extraordinaire, thanks for the fine cover art. Thanks to the Henderson Writers Group; you have aided and abetted in a big way, too. Myriad other people contributed to this work as well, and I respect you all.
A special thanks to my wife, Sherri, responsible for much of the inspiration, along with reading and critique. Thanks, honey, for riding along. Its been quite a ride. 

About The Author
Kevin B Parsons has been published in numerous anthologies and magazines, including American Motorcyclist magazine. Hes a member of the Henderson Writers Group and American Christian Fiction Writers. He has also been a member of Toastmasters International since 2006.
He blogs twice a week, posts on Author Culture (www.authorculture.blogspot.com) and Geezer Guys and Gals (www.geezerguysandgals.blogspot.com). Hes a contributing writer to Choices eMagazine. 
Kevin has owned numerous businesses in the construction, motorcycle, and real estate industries, in Nevada, California, Washington, Oregon, and Arizona. Hes ridden and raced motorcycles his entire life and won the Best in the Desert off-road championship in his class in 2003 and 2006. In May of 2013 he finished a 50 States in 50 Weeks Adventure.
If youd like to experience the 50 States Adventure, visit kevinbparsons.blogspot.com, find the archives button, and hit 50 States. Youll discover over 400 entries for every day of the Adventure, and almost four thousand photos, too.
He currently lives in Brian Head, Utah, with his patient wife, Sherri.
Be sure to check out Volume #2 
Kevin Parsons would love to hear from you! 
Friend him on Facebook: KevinBparsons
Visit his website: http://www.kevinbparsons.com
Subscribe to his blog: http:// www.kevinbparsons.blogspot.com
