


Shuri Gate


by


Herb Blanchard







Shuri Gate
by Herb Blanchard
Copyright 2011 Herb Blanchard
Smashwords Edition



Smashwords Edition, License Notes  

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



DEDICATION

This book is dedicate to the people I served with in the US Air Force in particular the tanker crew chiefs and flight crews who shared with me the experiences fictionalized here.
Also the people of Okinawa who always made me feel welcome and made me look forward to each new trip to the island.


BOOK DESCRIPTION

Shuri Gate is a fictional memoir of the authors tours in Asia particularly on the island of Okinawa while serving in the US Air Force as a KC135 tanker crew chief. 
It is the story of the relationship and eventual marriage of an inter-racial couple on the island.  Tomako is Okinawan by birth and has lost her first true love in Vietnam.  She is carrying his child with a very grim future to look forward to.  She then meets and falls in love with Rick Davis a tanker crew chief who is flying combat missions in Southeast Asia.
Ricks tours are typical for a tanker crew chief that can and does produce stress for Tomi as well as his Air Force family.



ONE

The flight from Anderson AFB, on the island of Guam, was unusually smooth.  The sun was moving low on the western horizon and the few clouds on the far horizon were starting to turn pink and orange.
Sitting in the instructor pilot's seat behind the two pilots was the KC135's,( tail number 56-3653), crew chief Sgt. Rick Davis looking through the pilot's windshield.  Over the intercom the navigator had just announced that the green glow on the horizon ahead of them was the island of Okinawa.  
The changing colors of the South China Sea were the first things that drew Rick's attention.  The dark blue of deep water became just a bit lighter blue before changing to green with a touch here and there of blue under white capped breakers which were starting to form running across the island's coral barrier reefs and golden sand flats.  
This was Rick's first trip across the Pacific and to the islands where the flight crews had spent the past two nights.  From Castle AFB in California, where each of the five tankers had picked up four F4 Phantoms to escort to a base in Thailand.  The first RON had been Hickam AFB on Oahu.  The next stop had been Anderson AFB on the island of Guam from where they had departed this afternoon at about 1500 hours.  Tonight they would RON at Kadena AFB on the island of Okinawa. 


Tuesday morning, 07/04/67, the five tankers made a round trip to Utapao RTNAB where they left their F4 chicks, refueled, and returned to Kadena AFB.  The trip back to Kadena had been uneventful.  Actually it had been a short day.
"Show time will be 0800 in the morning.  Your tanker will pick up three F4s off the coast of Thailand.  You won't be going into UT (Utapao) this trip since the chicks will be coming from Udorn which is deeper in Thailand.  It will save you from having to refuel before coming back to Kadena."  The Major from operations briefed 3653's flight crew.  Then turned to the aircraft's crew chief to bring him up to date.  "Check with the flightline super, but if your tanker is ready to go you should be able to take the rest of the day off."


Rick wasn't sure that he was very happy about sitting on Kadena AFB for three or four more days.  There had been some kind of SNAFU in Thailand with the fighters that 3653, was supposed to rendezvous with this morning.  Flight operations had got the word to him that his tanker's planned mission had been cancelled.  It would be at least 48 hours if not longer, before the fighters would be ready to leave Udorn RTAFB and he could take the next two days off.  But to check-in with them on Saturday, 08 July at 0800 and they might have a takeoff day and time for him.  
Not having any particular place to be or go to, Rick hung around the flightline and helped the other crew chiefs get their tankers ready to leave for the coast of Thailand to pickup their chicks.  They would each pick up four fighters and return to Okinawa in the late afternoon.  Tomorrow they would leave Okinawa with their chicks to start island hopping back to CONUS.  Their next RON would be the island of Guam.  Reversing their flight plans from their incoming flights.
Rick closed up 3653 and started to walk across the ramp when the flightline supervisor's pickup pulled up behind him.  Rick turned, and though the early morning sun was hitting the truck's windshield, there was something familiar about the driver.  The truck creeped up along side of him and Rick stopped, looked into the truck's cab in mild disbelief.
"What in hell are you doing here?"  Rick's former boss from the flightline on Loring AFB hollered at him.  Bob Kruse, was now a Master Sergeant and obviously a tanker flightline supervisor.  
"I was about to ask you the same question.  Is SAC so hard up that they send old men overseas now?  Or did Cheryl get tired of you hanging around the house and make you go TDY?"
"You haven't changed a damn bit have you?"  Kruse declared as he stepped out of the pickup and the old, close friends hugged each other.  "Damn, I'm glad to see you Rick.  How did you manage to get your own tanker so soon?"
"Your fine letter of recommendation seemed to carry a little weight with the folks at Fairchild.  The almost four years that I spent on ground crew at Loring AFB in the sunny and warm climate of Limestone, Maine also seemed to help.  Another fact is they have 26 tankers and had only five fully qualified crew chiefs who they felt comfortable giving a tanker to put their name on.  I made number 6.
"You asked for Fairchild AFB on the West Coast and tankers when you reenlisted.  Correct?"
"Yeah.  I thought I would enjoy flying on them after spending so long learning how great these airplanes are.
How did you end up here Bob?"
"They're scraping the bottom of the barrel I guess.  One morning I went to work and they gave me a choice. 
'Kruse', the Major said.  'I can offer you the best and the worst in TDYs.  You pick, because you are going.
First is; Anderson AFB with the BUFFS;(Big Ugly Fat Fuckers.  B52s) or second; Kadena AFB with the tankers.  The choice, as I said is yours.'
"Major, do I look stupid to you?  When is the next plane for Okinawa? 
Here I am.  Actually, I've been to both places before, and I have worked on BUFFS.  They're always broken and you stay up all one night and all the next day in order for them to fly the that night.  And I'm getting too old for that 24 hour shift crap.  Besides Guam is a bit less civilized than Okinawa."
"So whats the skinny with me and 3653, Bob?  How come these other tankers are leaving and we get to stick around?"
"I didn't think that you would mind after you knew I was here.  Give us a chance to visit.  
The truth of the matter is that three of the F4s that you were going to rendezvous with this morning are broke.  Udorn didn't get the word to have them ready to leave today.  So all three flew missions yesterday.  The pilots need down time and two of the aircraft need phase inspections before they'll let them fly across the pond.  (The Pacific Ocean to the tanker flight crews).  The third took some antiaircraft rounds and barely limped back into Udorn on a wing and a prayer with a wounded backseater."
"Under those circumstances Bob, I think that I'll wait around for a day or two before I head for home.
When are you off?  Can we get together today?"
"Hell, yes.  I only came in to get your buddies out of here and find you.  Today is my day off.  So jump in and I'll drop you at the VBOQ then I'll go change.  I'll meet you there as soon as I can and we'll head for Naha."



TWO

"We'll grab the base shuttle bus to the Highway #1 gate.  There we can catch a sukoshi cab for Naha.  It's the biggest city on the island and has some great shopping and coffee houses.  The Kokusai Coffee House is my favorite. It has no "A" sign which means that GIs aren't supposed to go there, but I do anyway.  A few GIs wander  in and out but few stay very long or come back.  The coffee house doesn't have any girls hanging around so the average GI isn't going to get laid in there."
"I can't believe that you're breaking regulations, Bob.  You, a newly created master sergeant.  Married with two kids.  What is this world coming to?"
"It's not as bad as it seems from first impressions.  Most of the coffee houses are cool places and the Kokusai is a big step above the average so it never attracts the attention of the RASP (Ryukuian Armed Services Police).  Besides, I've seen couples in there which I'm very sure are higher on the food chain than the average young lieutenant, with women whom I am sure are their girl friends and/or mistresses.  I heard that some of the women are single, civilian school teachers from the states and working for the Department of Defense in the military base schools.
You know, military politics.  Besides, the girl or I should say woman, who manages the coffee house is a real doll.  Very friendly and nice."
"Are you flirting with her, Bob?  I have a hard time believing that.  Maybe I should call Cheryl and tell her to catch the next plane for Okinawa because her Bob is getting horny and falling in love?"
"You shithead.  No.  I'm not hitting on her, nor am I so horny that I'm thinking about getting laid."
"Cool it Sergeant.  I'm only jerking your chain.  I know you better than that."
"Sorry Rick.  I may be looking a little too closely. and thinking a bit too much about them so Im having some feelings of guilt.  But after a TDY here of a month or two with all these nice looking women around and not playing touchy-feel is hard work.


This is the gate.  We'll catch one of those little pink cabs that you can see outside the gate."
"I don't think those two guys next to those yellow taxis like GIs very much.  Did you see the looks they gave us when we didn't take their taxi, Bob?  How come we took this taxi instead?"
"These pink cabs are owned by the drivers and they take pride in being trustworthy and honest.  The others are hired drivers and some, not all mind you, but some of them will rip you off by overcharging or taking the long way around.  I heard that some are stealie boys who find out where an American lives off base and then burglarize their houses.
This is Kokusai Dori.  Kokusai Street to us round eyes."  Bob declared.  "The Kokusai Coffee House is down these stairs."  Bob said as he turned and started down a narrow, but clean and well-lit set of stairs.  
Above them Rick saw the sign which was barely two feet long.  It was written in Japanese characters except for a small line of English script underneath which read 'KOKUSAI COFFEE HOUSE'.  On the end of the plain wooden sign was a small arrow pointing down the stairs.
Rick almost stumbled into Bob who had stopped after entering the reception area to take off his sunglasses.  After the bright Okinawan sunlight, the dim interior of the coffee house was a shock.
"Sorry.  I can't see very much in here."  Rick said as he took off his sunglasses.  "That helps."  And he continued to look around.
"Me neither, just let your eyes get used to it."
Rick heard a faint, quiet giggle at the same time as he felt her presence.
"Would you like a table?  How about over on that side?"  
He could see her more clearly now and nodded that her choice of table was fine.  She walked away, gracefully sidestepping between tables and led them to a table almost all the way in the back and against the far wall.
Rick had watched her and became more aware of her physical presence when she moved around the table and offered him a menu half the size of a piece of typing paper.  She's barely 5 foot tall, maybe 25 years old.  Rick thought as he sat in the chair facing the coffee house's entrance.  He watched her walk away.  Sexy walk, cute butt.  
"That's the woman I told you about.  Great figure and speaks very good English."
"Did you by any chance notice the rings on her left hand Master Sergeant?  A rock big enough to choke you.  
Do the Japanese use rings like we do?  If so, I would say that she is very married."
"I wasn't suggesting that you hit on her, Rick.  I just think that she is very nice to look at, has a great personality and is very pregnant."
"You're kidding me?"
"I'm a happily married man with two children.  I know a pregnant woman when I see one."
"But she's so tiny.  Her waist is small enough for me to put both hands around.  You're putting me on, Bob."
Rick studied her as she came back to their table with two glasses of water.  Her raven black hair had a healthy shine.  She wore it almost shoulder length and her bangs touched the upper arch of her eyebrows.  She realized that Rick was watching her and smiled.  Her whole face lit up, except for her beautiful dark brown, slightly almond shaped eyes which held a hint of sadness.  
"Is everything alright?"  She hesitated and Rick thought that she was waiting for an answer.
"Yeah.  It's fine, can I have a cup of black coffee, please?  You want the same, Bob?"
"Coffee will be fine, thanks."
As the girl turned to walk away Rick spoke up.  "Miss umm, Ma'am.  Do you have something like sweet rolls or doughnuts?
What is your name?  I can't call you Ma'am.  You're too young for that.  I feel like I'm talking to my mother."
"You can call me Tomako, or Tomi.  Or Mama-san."  She added smiling and almost laughing at him, but the sadness remained in her eyes.
"We have some plain cake doughnuts that you might like.  An American friend showed the cook how to make them.  We can put cinnamon and sugar on them if you would like."
"Two.  I would like two with cinnamon and sugar.  How about you Bob?"
"Sounds good to me.  Two for me also."
After Tomi had turned and started away from their table, Kruse spoke up.
"You're flirting with her Rick."
"No I'm not.  I like her and I'm being friendly."
"Okay.  If you say so.  Married and baby.  Remember those two important things Rick."
"Yes Daddy."  Rick smiled and together the two friends laughed quietly. 
Kruse sipped his hot coffee and looked across the table at Rick.  "What's with you and your assistant crew chief?  You didn't invite him along today.  In fact I haven't even seen him.  Where was he this morning?" 
"He wasn't on the flightline."  Rick answered.
"No kidding?  Really?  I thought that he was the invisible man."  Kruse said sarcastically.  "Facts time.  Where is he?"
Rick met his friend's eyes as he thought for a few seconds.  He wanted to be truthful, but not burn the kid's bridges for him.  From what Rick could see his assistant was doing a good job of that on his own.  "He was passed out in his bunk.  He stayed out until sometime just before I went out to the aircraft.  He was too drunk to be on the flightline so I put him in his sack."
"You going to allow him to drag you down with him, Rick?"
"No.  There's a story and history in this whole thing that I wanted to work out before I had to turn him in."
"How would you have covered for him if you had to fly this morning?  There's supposed to be two crew chiefs on the aircraft."
Rick watched Tomi walk towards them bringing their doughnuts and more coffee.  
Oh Jesus.  She is a beautiful woman.  He thought and hurriedly looked down at his coffee cup when she met his eye and a quizzical look crossed her soft features.
"Thank you, Tomi."  Bob said as she placed their doughnuts on the table and started to refill their coffee cups.
"Do itashimashite."  She answered.  Then smiled at the blank look on each of the faces before her.  "You are welcome, it is my pleasure."
Tomi met Rick's eyes before asking, "You have not been on Okinawa or in Japan before, neh?"
She has a beautiful voice.  
"This is my first time.  In fact today is the first day that I have been off base.  My friend though, has been here for a long time, but he's a slow learner."
"Thanks Rick.  I'll tell my own story."
"Yes, you have been here before with another older sergeant from Naha."
"Your right, Tomi.  I visited a friend who is stationed at Naha AFB and he brought me here twice before.  I'm stationed at Kadena AFB and don't get off base very often.  You knew he was from Naha?"
"I used to be a cashier at the Naha NCO club.  I remember him from there."  Tomi answered.
Tomi was barely away from the table when Kruse spoke.  "So what would you have done?"
Told the truth.  Tell as it was.  Rick thought.
"He was too drunk.  So I left him in the barracks."
"He lives in the barracks, not in the VBOQ with the flight crew?"
"None of the assistants are in the VBOQ.  And that is one of his many problems.  Listen Bob, a lot of what is going on is the result of bad judgments from some of Fairchild's NCOs.  The kid is barely 19 years old and has only been in the Air Force for 20 or 21 months.  Only 10 of which has been spent on tankers.  He thought he would inherit 3653 when its long time crew chief transferred out to Eielson AFB in Fairbanks.  Instead I got the aircraft.  He isn't ready, nor qualified for an aircraft of his own.  But they never told him that.  He was kind of ignored and to rub salt in the wound, they left him with me, on the tanker that he thought should have been his."
"So 'Mr. Nice Guy' is back to his old tricks of covering for the walking wounded.  Sounds like Loring all over again.  Almost losing your stripes by covering for an alkie, that didn't cure you?  Damn Rick, stop doing that shit.  I won't always be around to cover your bleeding heart.  Now, answer my question.  What would you have done if you had had to fly this morning?"
Been screwed I guess.  Or take you with me."  Rick laughed at the look of disbelief on his friend's face.
"What kind of answer is that?  You know damn well that I'm not on flying status.  So?"  Kruse raised his eyebrows in question.
"I would have been screwed if the flight crew complained."
"Yeah you would have been.  Worse if somebody had found out that you were covering for him."
"Okay.  I hear you.  So what do I do?  I can sober him up and babysit him until we get back to Fairchild.  Then what?"
"I'll get the squadron to send a complaint on him to Fairchild and basically blackball him from the island.  Their reaction should be to take him off flying status so he won't be able to crew."
"All right.  Sounds workable.  But I need to keep an eye on him for the next couple of days."  
"I can help you with that, Rick.  Where does he drink on the island?"
"I'm not sure.  He was TDY on the island for a few days a couple of months ago and has been talking about some bar where he has a girl and he can get laid for nothing.  Last night we barely got the tanker parked and he was gone out the gate.  Never even changed out of his flight gear."
"Enough about him.  Let's go and I'll show you black market alley.  You're going to need a couple of light weight wash and wear shirts and at least one more pair of wash and wear pants."
"Yes Mommy.  Can I pick them out?"
"You are such a wise ass.  Say goodbye to Tomi while I hit the latrine."
"You sticking me with the bill?"
"I paid for the taxi and if you behave yourself I'll buy you lunch."



THREE

Rick slept-in on Friday morning.  About 0900 he slipped on a pair of pants and a shirt so he could go down to the lobby of the VBOQ to find a cup or two of coffee.
This is going to be a long day unless I get off of the base and go exploring.  Bob thinks that I ought to go back to Naha and hit the shops and stores on Kokusai Dori some more.  May not be a bad idea.  
"Morning, Sarge.  Need some coffee this morning?" The NCO in-charge-of-quarters in the VBOQ asked Rick.  "Help yourself."
"I sure do, thanks."
"MSgt. Kruse left a message for you earlier.",  the NCO said as he handed Rick an envelope.
I know I don't want to read this.  Rick thought as he finished pouring a cup of coffee and walked to a sitting room off of the lobby.  He eased himself down into an easy chair fingering the envelope.  I know that little shit headed assistant of mine has done something else.
Finally giving in, he ripped the end off the envelope and extracted a single sheet of paper.  Slowly he unfolded it.
"Morning.  Have a good sleep?"  He read.
"Good news first.  Got the word this A.M.  You'll fly to Thailand at 1000 hrs. tomorrow, Saturday. Preflight is at your discretion.  Knowing you, I'll pick you up at the snack bar at 0800.  
You'll RON back here until Monday morning, then leave for Guam.
The not so good news . . . I cannot, repeat . . . , cannot find your assistant.  He isn't in the barracks.  Left after we talked to him at 2200 last night.  The flightline night shift talked to him at the aircraft about 2300.  Said he had to pickup some clothes  We can deal with that tomorrow.  I left word at the barracks for him to be at preflight at 0800 tomorrow.
So after that, enjoy your day off.  Bob K."
Rick refilled his cup before heading back upstairs to get dressed.
The hell with it.  I'm going to go shopping and explore Naha.
I know damn well that he's with his girlfriend.  That's where he went when he left the flightline.  She got off at the bar at 0200 and he went home with her.


It was a barely after 1000 when Rick got into the first pink sukoshi cab in the line at Kadena gate #1 and tried to remember what Kruse had told the taxi drivers yesterday.
"Naha.  Kokusai Dori, Dozo."  He knew that he wasn't pronouncing the words correctly, but thought, What the hell, I think he understood me.
The driver, an Okinawan in his mid thirties smiled, checked out Rick in the rearview mirror before speaking.
"First time on Okinawa?"  He asked in perfect, but not accent free English.
Rick laughed.  "That obvious?  This is my second day on the island."
Encouraged by the smile he received in the rearview mirror again, Rick added.  "This is a nice place.  I'm enjoying it."
"Are you going to Kokusai Dori to shop, yeah?"
Yes.  Exploring."
"Not chasing nesans?"
"What?"  Baffled.  Rick didn't have a clue to what he was being asked.
"Nesans are girls.  If you want a woman you should go to Noumanoui, or BC Street in Koza."
"Those are the bar areas?"  Rick asked the driver.
"Hai.  Sorry.  That means yes, or that I agree with you.  That's where the "A" sign bars and girls are for the GIs.
There are a lot of nice girls anywhere that you can find them on the island, besides in the bars."
"I think that Okinawa is like anywhere.  There are nice people and not so nice people all over."  Rick volunteered.
"Yes.  The Okinawans are more laid back than many people.  They are not like the Japanese.  Way more laid back and easier to get along with."
"I thought that you, the Okinawans I mean, are Japanese?"
"Only by political boundaries.  We speak Japanese, but we also have our own language.  There are a lot of mixed relationships and marriages though.  Also a lot of Japanese people who live on the island."
"You're English is very good.  How come?"
The driver laughed quietly.  "I should hope.  In 1936 I went to Maui with my family.  My mother and father went to work in the sugar cane fields.  So I was educated there."
"You came back to Okinawa though."
"I missed the island and my relatives.  It's a different way of life.  As soon as they would let me, after the war ended, I brought all of my family back.  I wanted my mother and father to live out their lives here on the land that they loved.
I have cousins in Brazil.  They went there in the mid 1940s.  During the war when the Japanese military took over the Island.
They didnt come back?
No.  There is like an Okinawan colony of farmers there who are very successful and bought their land so they stay.
Both men were quiet for a long time.  Rick was busy looking at the flow of traffic and many different types of businesses that lined Highway #1.  He was intrigued and somewhat intimidated by the traffic patterns.  The mix of US military vehicles, jeeps, pickups, cargo trucks, tractors and trailers and sedans intermingled with civilian construction vehicles, three wheeled trucks, small 50cc motorcycles all jockeying for their share of the two south bound lanes of the road.
"Is the traffic always like this?" Rick asked.
"No. it changes.  Gets really heavy late in the afternoon.  At dinner time."
"You're saying it gets worse?"
"Yeah, I guess I am. 
Where on Kokusai Dori do you want to go?"
"You know the Kokusai Coffee House?"
"Sure.  Kind of a quiet place.  No girls."
"Yeah I know.  I just want a good cup of coffee and an American doughnut."
"To each his own.  It's just in the next block.  I'll drop you at the corner."
"Thanks."
Rick had no idea why he had stopped at the coffee house.  Although thoughts of Tomi had flashed through his mind several times in the last 24 hours.  She's married and not available.  And if Bob is correct, very pregnant.


"Ohayo gozaimasu."  A large older Okinawan woman greeted Rick when he entered the coffee house.
"Hi."  Rick looked around quickly.  The woman was the only person in the area of the tiny reception area.  A feeling of disquiet and disappointment passed through his mind.  She's not here.  Day off?  Wouldn't that just be my luck.  What did she ask me?
"Dozo please, this way to a table."  The older woman had a friendly smile and moved with a lot of grace for a large woman as she led him to the same far back corner where he and Bob had drank their coffee yesterday.
As Rick pulled out a chair, the woman laid the small menu on the table in front of him.  She started to turn away, thought better of it and turned back to Rick.  "Tomako will be with you in a minute.  Would you like kohi?"
"What?  Oh, coffee?  Yes.  Please.  Black.  Please."
She grinned as she turned away.
So she is here.  Rick's feeling of disappointment slide away replaced with a feeling of pleasure.  He was going to see her after all.
Rick watched for her and saw Tomi when she came out of the short hallway behind the reception area carrying a cup of coffee and a small dish.  He enjoyed the pleasure of watching her as she walked gracefully towards his table.  She had on a light blue skirt that came to just below her knees and when she swiveled her hips between the tables, he realized the skirt was tight across a shapely butt and thighs. 
Tomi set the cup of coffee down gently in front of him.  "I brought you a doughnut.  With cinnamon and sugar.  You would like it, neh?"  Meeting Rick's eyes for just a second before looking away, she set the plate with the doughnut next to his cup of coffee.
"You remembered?"
"Yes.  You and your tomodachi, gomen, sorry, your friend, enjoyed them yesterday more than anybody ever has.  You are hard to forget."  She continued to smile but looked down at the table top.
Rick looked down at her left hand to verify that her rings were really there and that in fact she was wearing them.  Oh well, still there.  They weren't a figment of my imagination.
"You are alone today?"  Where is your tomodachi, your friend?"
"He has to work and I only have today to see more of Okinawa so here I am exploring Naha."
"You are leaving?  You are Air Force, neh?"
"Yes.  I fly on tankers.  And I'm flying tomorrow to Thailand then home to the states."
"Can I get you anything else?"  Tomi asked in her quiet, soft voice.
"Thanks.  I'm fine.  I'll drink this then go spend some money on Kokusai Dori."


On the taxi ride back to Kadena, Rick was relaxed and a bit tired.  He had explored a good share of Naha.  He had even hiked up Shuri Hill to the Shuri Castle gate but was disappointed that there was some kind of building near the gate, but no castle there.  He let his mind drift and an image of Tomi slide in place.  He remembered her graceful movements as she walked away after their short conversation.  When he left the coffee house she was sitting at the table close to the entrance and barely noticed or responded to him as he left.



FOUR

It was 2200 Friday.  Rick and Bob Kruse were leaving the NCO club after a late dinner and sitting around drinking Cokes while listening to a Filipino group singing current rock and roll songs in almost perfect English.
"They weren't bad.  Never run the 5th Dimension or the Mamas and the Papas off a stage though."
"At least entertaining." Rick answered.
They were both avoiding the inevitable.
"Did you find him or hear from him all day?"  Rick asked.
"No.  Did you?"
"I checked his room when I came back from Naha.  He had been there.  One of the guys from down the hall saw him."
"Sure it was him?"
"Yeah, pretty sure.  He's kind of weird and stands out for that reason.  One of these guys who people can't forget.  An Airman 1st from the tire shop saw him about 1400 or 1430.  Says he remembers him from the tanker.  They met us to change a tire when we landed.  Then I checked his room again before I met you.  Guess we better swing by his room now and then since he won't be there, hope he shows for preflight in the morning."
"Okay.  He's your assistant.  So it's your call until you holler 'uncle'.  Just remember Rick, don't stick your neck out for him again.  If he misses the preflight tomorrow we write him up.  Got it?" 
The two NCOs walked away from the enlisted barracks before separating at the next intersection.
"Hopefully he'll show up for preflight,"  MSgt. Kruse spoke over his shoulder as he walked away from Rick.
"I'll meet you at 0800 at the snack bar."  Kruse said and waved as he started up the sidewalk towards the front entrance to the Senior NCO barracks.


"You made it?  I was debating with the flightline chief on whether you got the word to be here, and if you got the word, if you would be here on time."
"No sweat Sarge.  I always make it.  I'm never late for duty."
"That's a pretty wild statement since you showed up drunk for preflight Thursday."
"We didn't have to preflight.  And we didn't fly so what difference did it make?"
"That's alright.  We'll let it stand at that for now.  When we get back to Fairchild I'll make a decision to whether I want you as an assistant or not."
"I've been on this tanker longer than you, and you want to kick me off?"  The assistant asked with a bit of a sneer.
Rick smiled.  Tried to make eye contact with his assistant who quickly looked away.  "Unless you can show me that you're as good an assistant crew chief as you think you are.  Can lay off the hooch.  Always show up for preflight on time and sober.  In other words, pull your weight as a crew chief, Ill consider letting you stay on 3653."
With that Rick got up and headed for the door leading to the ramp where the flight chief's pickup had just pulled up.
"You coming or do you want to walk a mile or so out to the tanker?"
Rick studied his assistant's face and his changing facial expressions, especially when he didn't think Rick was watching him.
Okay.  You're through.  Behave yourself until we get to Fairchild and I'll let you down easy.  Screw with me and you'll end up signing enlisted men into the barracks and handing out blankets.  Rick thought as he climbed into the front seat of Kruse's pickup.
"How'd it go?"  Kruse asked him.
"His ass is grass as the expression goes.  I just hope that he doesn't try to screw me on the way back to Fairchild."
"It isn't too late for me to replace him and send him back to Fairchild on another tanker.  As a passenger."  Kruse emphasized.
"Let me do it my way, Okay?  I don't want to destroy him.  He's no dummy and has potential of being an acceptable part of a basic post flight crew.  Maybe not great, but a good one.  But he has a real attitude problem that's going to have to change.
"What you're saying is that he isn't one of those lower test score airman that they've dumped on us."
"Exactly.  I did some snooping.  He isn't on that list, but who is on it might surprise you.  It scared the hell out of me when I found out there are at least three of them working on the Fairchild tanker flightline.  I now service my own liquid oxygen, check my own hydraulic fluids and engine oil."
"Are you paranoid?"
"I don't think so.  Just cautious.  Remember, I'm flying on that bird."


This has been a good day.  Rick thought as he talked to the pilot on the intercom.  
They were still about two hundred miles out of Okinawa and had topped off their three chick's fuel tanks a few minutes ago.  Now the F4s were highballing at jet fighter speed for Kadena's runway.  
"I don't know of anything that we want to put in the forms Chief.  You got the tire with the flat spot on it changed as soon as we landed at Kadena.  That was the only write-up for the whole trip so far."  The pilot had reassured Rick.
Not bad for a an eleven year old airplane, Rick thought as he put the forms away.
"I'll try to find out from the command post when we'll leave Kadena.  They were talking about not leaving until Monday the tenth."
"Did they ever give you a reason for their thinking, Sir?"
"No.  That's what gives me hope that they'll change their minds and we'll leave in the morning.  They had better, I have a hot date lined up for Wednesday night.  I can make it if we leave tomorrow."
The nav came up on the intercom just as the pilot turned 3653 onto final approach for Kadenas runway 5. 
"That was the CP on the horn.  Wheels up at 1000 hours tomorrow morning.  Seems like the F4 jockeys pitched a bitch about a layover.  They want to get home to their mamas.
The crew was standing at 3653's nose waiting for a ride to the command post for a quick debriefing.  The aircraft commander, a thirty something pilot who had flown C7s in Vietnam, and not very rank conscious spoke to Rick.  "Hey Rick, can we help close her up so you can get off?"
"Thanks.  I'm okay.  I'm going to run a quick post flight and make sure we didn't break anything today then I can leave.  The ground crew will refuel her and fill the water tank later tonight."
"Okay.  Then we'll meet you in the VBOQ.  We're going to BC Street for dinner.  You're welcome to join us."
"If you don't mind waiting for me, Sir.  I'd like that.  But it will be a little while."
"We'll wait for you."



FIVE

Rick turned over and looked at his watch in the dim light of the Anderson AFB transit barracks.  He had been uncomfortable and restless all night.  He and his assistant crew chief ate a late supper in the enlisted club then had turned in about 2300 hours.  They had an early wheels up, 0800 hours so they would be well ahead of a tropical storm which was charging up through typhoon alley in the Philippine Sea headed in the general direction of Guam and threatening to turn into a low grade typhoon.
Damn 0430.  Might as well get up.  Go preflight then get coffee and some breakfast before the crew shows up.  Check on my infantile assistant and be sure he's in bed and not downtown drinking.
He eased the door open to the assistant's room far enough to see that he was sleeping soundly and hopefully stone cold sober.
The air was warm and sticky with humidity.  There was a faint scent of tropical flowers and wet jungle that always seemed to hang in Guam's atmosphere. The ramp and distant runway had patches of wet from the intermittent rain showers that had scurried across the island during the night.  Rick strolled down the side of the ramp half wishing that a flightline vehicle would show up and give him a ride to 3653 even though he knew the walk was good for him.  He figured that it was less than two miles out to the tanker and he only had his AWOL bag to carry having left the rest of his gear locked up in his crew chief box on the tanker .
When he pulled the latch down on the crew entry door it swung open fast and almost whacked him on the head.  Not really thinking about the door, Rick swung up onto the entry ladder and reaching the cockpit deck threw his AWOL bag back towards the cargo compartment.
That was weird.  I better check the tail stand and make sure everything is okay and this old bird isn't trying to stand on her tail for some reason.  He thought as an after thought and went back down the ladder.
The nose landing gear strut on 3653 was alright and the tail stand which prevented the tanker from sitting on her tail, was well below the red painted line, within bounds for a heavily loaded tanker.
I don't get it.  Rick stood on the ground under the crew entry door and pushed the door partially closed.  The door swung back fully opened as soon as he let go of it.  That damn door feels heavy.  How can the entry door feel heavy?  It's a hollow, aluminum skinned door.
Rick moved the door back and forth several times as he thought about it.  In the beam of his flashlight he studied the interior side of the door.  In particular the access panel that allowed access to the latch locking mechanism and hinges.
The paint on the access panel's screws look like they've been out recently.  I'll swear that they hadn't been taken out since the door was repainted.
After going up into the tanker to get some tools, Rick removed the access panel screws.  Carefully he pulled the panel free from the door.
A flight jacket?  
Wrapped in the flight jacket and stuck in the jacket's sleeves, Rick counted 8 bottles of rum from the Guam duty free store.
He didn't want to remove the jacket and bottles from their hiding place in the door, but he did want to know for sure whose jacket it was.  Carefully he lifted the jacket up so he could roll it enough to see the name tag sewed onto the left breast.
C.D. BARNES was on the embroidered name tag.
"SHIT!"  Never would I have thought he was that smart, or stupid enough to try to do this.
As he was replacing everything as he had found them, Rick thought about what to do.
No way can I say anything now.  If I turn him in, Customs could hold the aircraft and the whole crew here or at Hickam AFB until they sort out everything.  The F4 crews will have to wait for another tanker and crew to get them home.  A week or more sitting around?  No way is that fair.
Try to get back to Fairchild and let customs and the air police take care of him then?
May work.  Chances are that I can open and close the door and keep the chances of anybody figuring something is wrong to a minimum.  If I have to, I can tell the boomer.  Jeff won't say anything if I explain it all to him.  Only if I have to. 
Satisfied that he could carry it off, Rick finished closing up the access panel and put his tools away.  


Several times when he had a chance to reminisce in his mind about his stay on Okinawa, Rick thought about a very pretty, but very married woman who didn't even give him much more than the couple of cups of coffee and doughnuts that he had to pay for.  He thought about her shy smile and being a young male, her trim body, firm butt and thighs he had watched when she walked away from him.
She was who he was thinking about while he was standing in a snack bar phone booth just off of the Castle AFB flightline.  He only had a few minutes to make the call and grab something to eat before returning to his tanker for engine start.
"Ron?  Ron, this is Rick Davis, 3653."  He had finally found Ron Brian a master sergeant on Fairchild who was technically his boss and the flightline supervisor for all the tankers on Fairchild.
As quickly as he could.  With as few words as he could manage, Rick told Brian what had happened and what Rick wanted to happen.  To his surprise, Brian didn't argue or try to change anything that Rick wanted to happen, but did offer a suggestion.
"Okay, Rick.  I'll have the air police on the ramp and we'll get the customs routine started as quick as we can.  Are you thinking that Barnes won't go after the rum until after everybody leaves the aircraft and gets off the ramp?"
"I'm sure, Ron.  He put them in the door after I went to bed and the tanker ramp was basically deserted except for a couple technicians who could have cared less if somebody was taking a door apart."
"I'm thinking that it might expedite the matter if we put 3653 into a nose dock.  It will be dark and out of sight and may encourage him to try for the rum sooner.  I'll check with the air police and get their feelings about it.  Okay?"
"Sure.  Whatever will work the best for you and the cops."
"Are you going to tell the aircraft commander?"  Ron Brian asked.
"Yeah, about the time we hit the California/Oregon border.  He can decide who else to tell."
"Any chance Barnes will find out?"
"No way.  He hasn't come into the cockpit since the A/C told him to go back in the cargo compartment for takeoff from Fairchild.  Guess it pissed him off.  Hurt his inflated ego.  I have the feeling that the flight crew doesn't like him."
"See ya when you get here.  I got you covered on this end so don't sweat it.  Truth be known, I've wanted to get rid of him since I took over the line."


"Hey Chief, command post said that maintenance is going to put us in a nose dock before we can deplane.  You know anything about that?"  The A/C asked over the intercom.
"I think they decided to give her a phase inspection a bit ahead of time.  I'm due a few days off, but when they finish up with the inspection, they can turn me around for another trip to Kadena."  Rick answered over the intercom for everybody's information before he leaned over the back of the pilot's seat and released his intercom mike button before speaking again.
"I think this has to do with our door problem, Sir.  They think that it will expedite the whole situation if you know what I mean."
"Gotcha, Rick.  That makes sense.  
That next Kadena trip A/C is going to be Captain Autwater.  Has he flown your tanker yet?"
"Not since I came aboard."
"You'll like him and his crew.  It will be a fun TDY."


He could hear the insistent phone though he preferred to ignore it and stay asleep.  Easing one eye open Rick had to search for the clock.  9 o'clock!  "Shit.  It was after 0200 before I got to bed."  Rick was talking to himself.
The phone refused to stop ringing so he gave up and raised the hand-piece to his ear.
"This better be good."
"Thought that you'd like to know that you're going to need a new assistant crew chief.  You can have your pick when you come back to work and get 3653 out of phase."
"Gee, thanks Ron.  How did it go?  Did you stick around for the conclusion?"
"No, I left after I dropped you at your car.  I had to work this morning remember?  I did talk to the cops and the squadron commander just a few minutes ago.
Barnes tried to blame you.  Said it was your rum and you must have stolen his flight jacket.  The APs asked how come his fingerprints were all over the bottles.  That did it.  He lost it and said that he had a drinking problem and wanted help."
Boy, he sure knows how to work the system.  Has he got in trouble before?  Or after he enlisted?"
The cops are still checking his background.  They're hinting at a court martial." 
"Had they actually matched his prints to the ones on the bottles?"  Rick asked
"Not as far as I know.  Didn't have time.
The squadron commander said to tell you thanks and will have a more formal thanks later.  Also said to give you a long weekend.  You don't have to come to work until Tuesday morning.  By that time 3653 should be out of phase and all the discrepancies cleared."
"What's the catch, Ron?'
"You're scheduled for an abbreviated Young Tiger on August 16th, be only for 14 days plus travel to Kadena and back to CONUS.  The best news is that they are guaranteeing you Kadena instead of Utapao, Thailand.  
Anyway, I'll fill you in more next week.  Go back to sleep."
"Thanks, Ron.  I'll see ya Tuesday."



SIX

The high pitched whine of the hydraulic motors deep within the tanker's belly startled him out of his reverie.  The mechanical sounds brought Rick back to the real world of 3653's cargo compartment.  He was lethargic from the long flight and for the last couple of hours he had been drowsing in a temporary suspension of time on one of the tanker's bunks.  
The KC135's flaps were still forcing their way down into the slipstreams below the wings when another hydraulic pump started up.  The aircraft shuddered in protest as the main landing gears slammed into place with a series of loud clunks.  Rick jumped off the bunk and made his way forward to the cockpit.
"Must be nice to be a crew chief so you can sleep while the rest of us work so hard driving you across the big pond."  The navigator kidded Rick.  With a sleepy smile the crew chief slipped into the IP's seat with a cup of cool and stale coffee.  It was the left over from the coffee the crew had gotten from the inflight kitchen in Utapao, Thailand about four hours ago.
The aircraft banked into a shallow left turn and started to descend with a sudden loss of engine noise.  It was several seconds before Rick realized that the pilot had just reduced the power on all four engines.  He looked out through the tanker's windshield then turned towards the pilot's side window.  Off the left wing tip he could see twinkling city lights and a scattering of yellowish headlights threading their way along a north-south highway.  He looked forward, ahead of the leading edge of the wing and could pick out Okinawa's Highway #1 and the line of northbound headlights which merged with and disappeared amongst the distinctive lineup of runway approach lights.
The pilot rolled the tanker's wings level and continued their descent.  Over the black radome on the tanker's nose Rick made out the jagged line of green and white breakers with their glowing phosphorescent marking the collision of the East China Sea with Okinawa's ancient coral reef.
Kadena's runway 5s approach lights flashed under the tanker's belly and they landed with a thump and the quick, but repeated screeching of tires on dry concrete as first the right landing gear touched down followed in a fraction of a second by the left set of tires.  The sudden loss of power from the jet engines, both pilots stomping on the brakes and full up spoilers slowed the aircraft and sucked Rick forward against his seat harness.
Rick and his new assistant crew chief, Sgt. Don Naylor, had been on the go since they had departed Fairchild on the 16th of August.  There were no RONs on this trip.  Their first stop had been at Castle AFB to refuel and pickup several geese, (slang for passengers,) destined for different bases in Southeast Asia.  
Next stop was Hickam AFB.  Again it was a quick turn around.  Refuel, check fluid levels, drop some geese, pickup some new ones and change flight crews.  The crew chiefs managed to grab some sleep on the tanker's bunks between stops and ordered inflight frozen meals on the bases where they were available otherwise they ate inflight box lunches.  A dry sandwich with some meat of unknown origin and a slice of dry cheese, a couple of cookies usually made of some strange fibrous flour.  Maybe an apple and/or small ,(read 'tiny') can of fruit juice. and a carton of week old milk which was warm when it came from the inflight kitchen.  At Hickam the new flight crew picked up hamburgers and fries from the snack bar for the crew chiefs along with two of the largest sized Cokes the snack bar had.
Going into Guam the pilot told Rick that there was going to be about a six hour delay to wait for the new crew to fulfill their down time.  The A/C had arranged for the Anderson AFB transit tanker ground crew to refuel 3653 so that Rick and Don could go to the NCO club for a real meal and maybe a beer.
After a hurried post flight/preflight rolled into one, the crew chiefs crawled into the two tanker bunks to sack out and grabbed some sleep while waiting for the fresh flight crew.


It was pushing midnight when they landed at Utapao RTNAB and delivered their geese.  The tanker flight chief took Rick and Don to the NCO Club for a late midnight meal while the UT transit tanker ground crew refueled 3653 for them.  
You'll be going to Kadena as soon as they finish the refuel.  You're our round robin flight for the day.  You left Guam, came here, will go to Kadena to stay.  
Another tanker will go to Guam from Kadena this afternoon, then come here and back to Kadena.  You'll probably fly a round robin about once or twice more while you're here.
When the flight chief dropped them off at their tanker the new flight crew had already arrived and was starting their preflight.  As would happen many times in the world of SAC they were amongst friends.  The flight crew was from Fairchild and Rick had flown with them out of their home base.
"Where did you guys go.  To Sattahip for a 'short time', Chief?"  The pilot hollered from where he sat in his cockpit seat.  "I'll be down in a second and we can do our walk around."
"Okay Captain.  And no, we weren't in Sattahip.  They have drive up window service here, Sir.  No need to go downtown at UT anymore.  Didn't the boomer clue you in to that?  He's been here before and should be up on the finer social convenient aspects of the Sattahip bar girls."
"He's shaking his head no, Rick.  Says to tell you that you're the same wise ass that was at Fairchild and payback is hell.
I'll be down in a sec."
When Rick climbed aboard 3653 after engine start he realized that the cargo compartment was almost full of geese.  Looking aft through the cockpit door he waited for the boom operator to enter the cockpit.
"We have 86 passengers, Rick, 8 mail bags stowed aft towards the boom pod.  And those two pallets just aft of the cargo door."
"What are they Boom?"
"Spare tanker parts for Kadena the manifest says.  They came in on a C141 earlier.  I guess the 141 forgot to stop at Kadena so we ended up taking them."


"You managed to end up here at Kadena instead of UT.  How did you manage that?"  Were the first words out of MSgt. Bob Kruse's mouth when Rick stepped onto the tarmac at Kadena AFB.
"Actually I had pull from some of Kadena's NCOs."
The two friends gave each other a quick hug.
"This is Don Naylor, my new right hand man and back up.  I found him wandering around the flightline at Fairchild so I kidnapped him."  Rick introduced his new assistant to Kruse.
"Don, if you have any problems getting along with Sgt. Davis let me know.  I know all of his secrets and hang ups."
Without any further comment, Kruse picked up an AWOL bag and parachute bag from the pile of gear the two crew chiefs had taken off their tanker, and started for his truck.
"Come on.  I'll take you to the transit barracks.  Since you'll be here for at least 14 days TDY, you don't get to spend it in the luxury of the VBOQ."
"What happened after we left that gave us a chance at such a short TDY here, Bob?
"Somebody in plans and scheduling screwed up to put it bluntly.  They had 3653, listed as a Young Tiger on a 120 day TDY.  When as we know, you were only here on hold for the F4s coming out of Thailand.  So they ended up being a tanker short.  They couldn't get an additional tanker for the full 120 days until after 1 September, but 3653 was available until the 3rd or 4th of September.  
So here you are."
After they pulled up in front of the transit barracks Kruse picked up a manilla folder from the pickup's seat.  Opened it and carefully keeping the contents from Rick's view, extracted several sheets of mimeographed papers.  
"Thought that you might be interested in this message from Fairchild that came for you yesterday."  He handed Rick the stapled together sheets with a big smile.
Rick skimmed the contents of the top sheet.  "Holy shit!  Are these for real, Bob?"
"Congratulations Staff Sergeant.  Not bad, Staff in just over four years."
"So when are we on the schedule, Bob?"  Rick asked as MSgt. Kruse was starting down the barracks stairs after helping the crew chiefs carry flight gear to their room.
"Monday, the 21st.  Be your first combat mission.  You'll be flying a Combat Apple Patrol (CAP) mission off of the coast of Vietnam.  So enjoy your day off tomorrow and meet me in the NCO club for dinner after you come back from Naha.  About 1930 hours or so."
"Who said anything about Naha?"
"I just think that it's a given.  You seem to have been drawn in that direction on your last trip to the island."



SEVEN

Don Naylor had passed on the opportunity of going to Naha with Rick.  He had met up with a couple of people he had known before.  The male of the pair had a car, an old 1952 Olds, but nonetheless transportation.  The three of them were going to spend the day exploring the island's beaches.  So Rick was on his own.  
After a leisurely brunch at the NCO club, Rick had grabbed a pink sukoshi cab at the Highway #1 gate and soon found himself window shopping on Kokusai Dori.  He had wandered up one side of the street and down the other wandering through several small stores and the huge Ryubo Department Store.  He ended up buying two more short sleeved shirts with Hawaiian-like floral patterns he had seen many Okinawan men wearing and a set of Panasonic headphones for his stereo.  He had a small apartment in Medical Lake, a small town outside of Fairchild AFB, and often worried that his stereo was too loud  and would bother his neighbors.  Rick hesitated on the sidewalk before realizing that he was under the Kokusai Coffee House sign.  Then as Bob Kruse had said, he felt drawn to the narrow set of stairs.
"Konnichi wa.  How are you today Rick-san?"  She asked him.
"I'm good, thank you."
"The table in the back?  Dozo, this way.  You have been shopping, neh?"
Rick followed Tomi and as his eyes grew more accustom to the coffee house lighting he realized that Bob Kruse was right.  Tomi was pregnant.
I haven't been here for about 5 or 6 weeks.  Of course she would be starting to show.  Does she really remember me?
He realized what she asked him as they approached the table.  "Yeah, I went to Reeobo store and bought a couple of shirts.  Mine are all too heavy for Okinawa's warm weather."
Tomi smiled, then giggled quietly.  "I'm sorry. I do not mean to embarrass you, but I think that you mean the Ryubo Department store, neh?"
Tomi stood next to his table seemingly not in a hurry to take his order or leave.
"You are alone today."  She said it as a statement. 
"It was a month and a half ago when you were here.  You went stateside?"
"You really remember me?
"Hai.  Oh, yes.  You came with your older tomodachi."  Tomi laid her arms across her barely perceptible baby belly as pregnant women do, before speaking again.  "My baby's father used to kid me and said that I am cursed with a memory for people.  I can never forget a face."
Rick nodded towards her and shocked himself by asking,  "His father is here?  On Okinawa I mean."
Again, the sad look took over not only Tomi's eyes, but her whole face.  And as he watched, she tightened her arms on her belly
"I'm sorry."  Rick said quickly.  "I shouldn't have asked that.  It isn't any of my business."
Tomi turned and walked away.  "I'll get you kohi and a doughnut."  She spoke very softly and Rick could hear the sadness in her voice.
You jerk.  Why did you ask her that?  You don't even know each other and you ask questions like that.  
He started to get up to leave when Tomi quietly stepped up and set a cup of coffee and small plate with a cinnamon and sugar coated doughnut on it.
"The doughnut is only a few minutes out of the grease.  It is still a sukoshi warm.
You do not have to apologize to me.  I believe it was a normal question to ask when you are trying to get to know somebody.  His father was killed in Vietnam in May.  He was a Seabee."  She wiped a small tear from the inside corner of each eye.  "I believe that someday I will be able to talk about him without tears, but not yet."
"I am sorry, Tomi"  Rick said quietly, but thought she was already out of hearing.
After he finished his coffee and doughnut, Rick started to the front door.  Tomi had gone into the kitchen so he left some money on the small desk and stepped through the door.
Coming down the stairs was an older American couple.  Rick held the door for them and the woman nodded thanks and just as Rick stepped through the door behind them the man said thanks.  The woman met Tomi coming from the kitchen and the women hugged closely.  He watched as Tomi stepped up to the man and hugged him also.
They're more than nodding acquaintances.  Looks like family.  Rick thought as he went up the stairs and out onto Kokusai Dori to hail a taxi.
"BC Street"  Rick told the driver and settled back to enjoy the scenery.
Rick wasn't sure why he decided to go to BC Street and Gate #2 Street in Koza.  He still felt embarrassed from being so bold and asking Tomi things that he knew were really none of his business and obviously hurt her to talk about.  Even though she had been so gracious and absolved him of any blame, it hadn't eased his feelings of guilt and stupidity very much.  



EIGHT

For a couple of hours Rick wandered up and down Gate #2 Street before wandering over to BC Street looking into pawn shops and the small Okinawan stores many which were family run and sold everything from an egg, half liter and even quarter liter bottles of milk, chopsticks and a serving spoon.  He ended up going into a bar not very far from the intersection of BC and Gate #2 Streets.  He ordered a C/C and water which turned out to be more C/C than water.  There was only the bartender, an Okinawan woman who Rick thought was a really nice looking forty, and three women, obviously bar girls, sitting in a booth playing some kind of card game with cards a third the size of regular cards that had trees and flowers on their faces.
The Righteous Brothers were singing YOU'VE LOST THAT LOVIN' FEELIN' on the jukebox which Rick was enjoying as he sipped on his drink.
"Can I sit here?"  He heard over Bobby Vinton just starting to croon THERE!  I'VE SAID IT AGAIN replacing The Righteous Brothers.
She was small, maybe an inch over 5, and under a hundred pounds.  She had her shoulder length hair done at the local hairdresser's.  She wore a minimum of makeup.  A touch of lipstick and little smear of pink on her high cheek bones.  He was impressed by her blemish-free skin and healthy color.
"Sure."  He glanced back towards the booth and saw that the three women were still engrossed in their card game and not paying any particular attention to anything else in the bar.  
Where did she come from?  Certainly is more girl than woman.  Maybe 20 years old.  Cute.
Rick watched the girl step up on the wooden step built into the front of the bar replacing the traditional American brass rail in order to slide gracefully onto the bar stool next to him.  Her dark red silk dress had a sheath style skirt tight on her butt and legs which restricted her movements.  She was small breasted but endowed enough with a tiny waist to give her an enjoyable to look at figure.
"I have never seen you before.  You are Air Force?  From Kadena?"
"Yeah.  I haven't been in here before.  I'm not much of a drinker, but I like a drink and listen to quiet music."
The girl smiled and laughed quietly.  "I don't like to drink either, just Coke or soda water.  You like this music?"
"Very much.  Would you like a Coke?  Or something else?"
"Soda water would be good.  Order me the same as yours and Kayoko will give me soda water with a little Coke in it to color it the same."
Rick smiled as he laid two dollars on the bar.  "Kayoko?"  He pointed at his glass and pointed to the nesan next to him.  "Please, two the same."
"You don't mind?"
"No.  It's okay.  You have to make a living and this is your job.  Are you Okinawan?"
"Yes, I'm from Nago.  A city that way."  She pointed in a roughly northern direction.   "You know where it is?"
"No.  This is only the second time that I've been on the island."
Rick felt his stomach tell him that the whiskey was hitting bottom.  He was hungry since he hadn't eaten since earlier in the day when he had the doughnut in the coffee house.
"Is there a good restaurant close?  I'm hungry and need food rather than more whiskey."
He caught a quick look of disappointment flash across the girl's face before she answered.  
"Almost across the street is the Goya.  It is very good and there is also a sushi bar close.  If you want, Kayoko can order food for you from the Goya and they will bring it here."  
She was making what Rick considered a last ditch effort to keep him spending his US dollars in the bar.
"What do you like?"  Rick asked her.
"The Goya is good, but I do like sushi also."
"I think I'll pass on the sushi."
The girl gave him a funny look with question in it.  "Pass on it?"  She asked.
"Sorry.  I meant that I don't want sushi.
Are you hungry?  Can you leave to get something to eat with me?  To keep me company.  Or, do you even want to?"
"Oh, yes.  I would like that."
Rick held the door for her and as she passed in front of him he enjoyed the faint whisper of a musky perfume.
"What is your name?  I'm Rick Davis."
Again her soft smile before she answered.  "Kim.  Kimiko Aranaka.  I do like Kim."  She smiled up at him and moved closer to him as they started across the street.
They sat on opposite sides of a booth and when Rick looked over the top of his menu he realized that she was watching him.  Her dark brown, almond shaped eyes were bright with intelligence and what he thought might be curiosity.
"What?"  He asked.
"I was wondering how much about Okinawa you knew or cared about knowing."  Her smile was warm and drew him to her.  "Do you like Japanese and Okinawan food?"
"I know some things on the menu, but a lot of it is new to me.  Fried noodles, fried rice, soba.  What are they?"
She laughed mostly with her eyes with very little sound.  "Soba is noodle soup with maybe some vegetables or meat in it.  Fried noodles is noodles and vegetables fried with a sauce, called yakasoba.  Fried rice is just that, rice fried with maybe meat like beef, pork or chicken, maybe an egg, cabbage and onion in it, called yakamesa."
With a hint of a laugh Rick couldn't help himself but to ask.  "What do you mean, you keep saying maybe?  Maybe it has meat, maybe not?"
"Hai.  That is exactly what I mean.  Every cook has their own recipe.  Did not your mother teach you that?  Or did you never see how she made things different from your tomodachi's mother?" 
"Your English is very good.  I haven't met many Okinawans, but even so, you are very easy for me to understand."
Kim just waved her hand and went back to her menu.  "I think that you should try yakasoba with chicken.  If you like chicken."
"I do.  Like chicken that is.  What is a tomodachi?"
"Friend.  I am your tomodachi."
"Really?"
"Yes, really.  I am going to have some sushi and I will share it with you."
Their eyes met across the table and held each other until Rick spoke.
"Do you really work in the bar?"
"Hai, but only part time.  I am going to the University of the Ryukyus in Naha.  I only have morning classes on Friday.  So I come here to Koza after noon meal and stay until before afternoon classes on Monday.  My first class is at 1330 on that day."
Rick smiled then laughed.
"You are laughing at me."  Kim had a stricken look as she met Rick's eyes.  "Why?"
"I'm sorry."  He answered.  "It was your use of military time.  It just struck me as funny.  Forgive me?  I meant nothing by it."
Kim looked up from her water glass where she had taken refuge and met his eyes.  She smiled with her eyes flashing almost gleefully.  "I could not resist.  I wanted to know how nice a person you are.  I know that you are a nice person, but I wanted to know how nice.  And you are very nice.  You care for people.  Even a bar girl that you do not know or have any reason to be really nice to.  Im embarrassing you aren't I?"
"As a matter of fact."  Rick answered.
"How long will you be on Okinawa?"
"This time, about two weeks  We call it a TDY.  But I won't be at Kadena or on the island the whole time."
"Why not?  Where will you be going?"
"Back and forth to Guam, Thailand and Vietnam.  I fly on tankers."
"The big airplane with the long tail?"  Kim asked him.
"Yeah.  it's called a KC135.  I'm a crew chief.  A mechanic.  I fix my airplane and make sure it's safe to fly then go on trips with it."
The conversation slowed down when the waitress brought their dinners.  
Rick was amazed at the amount of yakasoba on his plate.  "There is no way I can eat all of this.  It does smell and look good.  Where's the fork?"
Kim laughed openly at him.  "This is Okinawa.  You will have to learn to eat with hashi.  Chopsticks.  Here I will teach you."
There was a lot of laughing and fun poked at each other over their cultural differences.  Rick was reluctant when Kim insisted that he share her sushi with her and to his amazement found that he really liked it except when he got too much wasabi on a piece of fish and had to grab some green tea to put out the fire that threatened to engulf his throat and nostrils.  She ate some yakasoba off of his plate and soon his plate was empty and all of her sushi was gone.
Rick looked at his watch while he was waiting to pay for their meal and Kim was in the restroom.  1900, I have to meet Bob sometime in the next half hour.  
When they started back along the sidewalk going towards the bar, Rick felt Kim's hand reach for his and he took her small hand into his.  They walked slowly neither wanting to reenter the bar's environment nor to leave each other's company.
"I have to go back on base.  I told my friend and boss that I would meet him in the NCO Club after 7 o' clock."
"Will I see you again?  I will be at the bar until it closes tonight."
"I'm flying tomorrow and won't be back until late and will probably want to get some sleep.  I don't know when I'll have another day off."
"Oh.  I hope you will come see me again.  Sometimes I work on Wednesday night because I don't have any classes on Thursday.  I will be in the bar Wednesday night and all day Thursday in case you can meet me."
He felt her hip press against his leg gently as they walked by the bar.  Without a word passing between them they continued up Gate #2 Street towards the air base gate still holding hands and brushing against each other.
"I have to go back to the bar."  Kim spoke, but continued to stand next to Rick on the sidewalk just outside of the gate.  She moved closer, touching him more and looking into his face making eye contact.  "Bye, Rick."  She said and kissed him on the cheek, let go of his hand and turned to walk away.
"Kim."  Rick spoke loudly afraid that she might not hear him, or would take it into her head that he didn't want to see her again.  "I'll try to see you as soon as I can.  Alright?"
She broke into a great smile, nodded as she hurried back, hugged him ending with a quick, but firm kiss on his lips.  "Konbanwa Rick-san."



NINE

From the IP seat Rick watched Kadena's approach lights pass brightly under the tanker's nose and in few seconds the runway lights were flashing by.  The pilot brought 3653's nose up and the mains screeched softly on the concrete.
"Damn, that was smooth."  The navigator spoke over the intercom.  
"Want to try that one again Sir?"  The boom operator quipped.
"Do I look or act that stupid?  I know luck when I feel it."  The pilot chuckled softly as he answered the crew's comments.
It was just after 2200 hours when the ground crew parked them in front of their revetment.  
Rick picked up his flight bag and the aircraft forms before he and Don walked towards the flightline chief's pickup.  He looked at his watch again and thought about what he wanted to do.  Several times over the long flight he had passing thoughts of Kim, the girl he had met yesterday.  While refueling 3653 on the ramp at Utapao his mind had drifted away to her and how much fun his short visit with her had been.  I'm really too tired to go see her tonight.  Besides, she said that she would be in Naha at school.  And I don't even know her.  She may have a GI boyfriend who is spending his money on her right now.
A perfunctory hello to Bob Kruse was all he said on the way to job control.
"My, aren't we talkative tonight.
Did he break his beautiful airplane, Don?"
"No.  As a matter of fact we haven't had even a minor write-up since before we left Fairchild."  Rick spoke up before his assistant could answer Kruse.
"So why so quiet?"
"Just tired I guess.  It has been a long day.  On the flightline since 0800."
"How is your assistant working out?  Any problems?"
"Oh hell no.  He's really good.  Knows the tanker and works hard and I can trust him to do it right.
Even caught a couple of minor write-ups coming back from Maelstrom AFB one night.  Truthfully, I slept through them."
"Hey listen up guys.  I'm here.  Really in person."  Don Naylor protested.
"Think he'll get a swelled head if we keep talking about him, Rick."
"Doubt it.  But we better cool it.  Let him suffer wondering until he sees his performance review."
"You guys are really cruel."  Naylor quipped.
"I'll cover job control for you guys after I drop you at the barracks.  I'll put your forms in the nose compartment after I get them from job.  
Better get some sleep.  By the way, you have to fly at 1100 tomorrow morning.  Just a short flight if all goes well.  Got a Marine Corp F4 coming off a carrier south of Taiwan inbound for Naha.  He'll need an escort and a load or two of gas to make it."
"He's coming alone?"
"Yeah, back seater is going home on emergency leave and will fly out of Kadena, but he has to check into Naha on his way."
"We have to be wheels up at 1100?"
"You got it."
Rick had taken a long, hot shower before crawling between the cool sheets on his bunk.  Don Naylor was already asleep and so Rick had only the small reading light over his bunk on.  But he wasn't reading.  With both arms under his head he was just relaxing on his back and thinking about the last few days since he had left Fairchild.  Both Okinawan women, Tomi, married and very pregnant.  Kim, a young bar girl of unknown circumstances, came to mind in between flashes of flying and stops along the way.  He glanced at his watch in the dim light.  0020.  I should get some sleep.  I do need it.  Preflight at 0900 but that shouldn't be a problem especially with Don helping me.  He was appreciating his new assistant as he drifted off to sleep.


"Hey Rick.  You going to get up or sleep all day?  It's almost 8 o'clock so we still have time to get coffee and some breakfast before preflight."
"Christ.  What time did you get up?"  Rick asked Naylor when he was awake enough to see that his assistant was not only up, but was in his flight suit.
"Only long enough to get dressed.  You didn't hear the alarm?"
"Hell no.  You set it last night?"
"I wasn't sure if we would wake up early enough or not.  Yesterday was a long day and I for one was dog tired when I sacked out."
The two crew chiefs walked the four or five blocks to the flightline snack bar were they knew they could get passable coffee and some really good hash browns, bacon and over easy eggs.
"Who is Kim?"  Naylor asked Rick just as they were going into the snack bar.
Rick looked at Don and wondered where that question had come from.  "Who?"  He faked it knowing full well who Kim was, but wanting to know what his assistant and friend knew about her.
"You asked her name once when I was getting up and then asked, 'Kim here?' just before I woke you up.  Or have you been reading Rudyard Kipling and Kim is a native boy?"
Should I tell him, or fake it.  Hell, he'll find out and meet her if I see her again anyway.
"She's a bar girl that I had a drink with and took to supper night before last."
"Gate 2 Street?"
"Yeah I think so.  Does it matter?"
"No.  Just curious.  Cute and young?"
"Definitely.  About 20 years old or so.  A real baby-san."
"What bar?"
Rick laughed before answering.  "Damned if I know what its' name is.  Just a little ways down from the gate where Gate 2 street and BC come together.  She walked to the gate with me after we ate.  I can find it again.  It had a palm tree painted on the front door."
"It's the Palms.  Can you remember that?  It's not that hard a name to remember."
After they finished their breakfast they sat sipping on coffee waiting for Bob Kruse to pick them up.
Kruse had hardly started down the flightline after picking them up when Naylor announced, "Rick is in love."
Kruse looked at Don then turned to Rick across the wide front seat of the pickup with a questioning expression.  "Naha?"  He asked.
"Gate 2 Street"  Don answered.
That was quick.  When did you go to Gate 2 Street Rick?"
"You bastards.  Payback is going to be hell for that one Naylor."  Rick threatened with a friendly smile. 
"So tell us about her, Rick"
"No.  I only met her Sunday.  Bought her a drink and dinner and I was back on base to meet you at the NCO club as I said I would Bob."
"Now it's dinner.  First thing this morning he just had supper with her.  Now he's buying her dinner, Bob.  Draw your own conclusions."  Don expounded.
By 1030 the crew chiefs had finished their preflight and the flight crew had the tanker ready to leave.
1100 hours and no word from command post to start engines so crew chiefs and flight crew sat around on the ramp enjoying the morning sun.  They had left the junior copilot in the cockpit to monitor the radio.
By 1115 the A/C was getting impatient and told the copilot to call the CP and find out if they could provide them with a wheels up time or at least get a status of the Marine F4 that they were supposed to refuel.
Finally at 1200 hours the CP said to stand down.  The F4 had never taken off and wouldn't be taking off any time soon.
"Okay guys, let's call it a day and go downtown."  The pilot said and the crew started to gather their gear in anticipation of a bus coming to take them to the BOQ.
"So much for a day off"  Bob Kruse said when he arrived at 3653.  "Get your gear down and button her up.  Your off until 0500 tomorrow.  Then you're going to fly a round robin to UT, Guam and be back here early afternoon on Thursday.  I'll take you guys to the barracks."
Just before Kruse pulled up in front of the enlisted barracks he asked both crew chiefs.  "You guys want to meet me at the NCO Club for supper?  I get off at 1700."
"Why not.  You in Don?" Rick asked  "1800 at the club?"



TEN

The round robin trip was basically uneventful.  3653 performed almost flawlessly.  A minor hydraulic leak kept them on the ground at UT for 40 minutes longer than expected but with Don and Rick taking off wing panels for the hydraulic shop a hydraulic line with a small rub spot in it was found and replaced quickly.
Rick started all four engines and ran the hydraulic system through its paces and was satisfied that all was well.  He was about to shut down the engines when the flight crew arrived and the pilot motioned to him to just shut down engines 3 and 4 to facilitate replacing a wing panel and for the copilot to get in his seat while the pilot and Rick did a fast walk around and loaded the flight crew's gear aboard 3653.


It was 1300 on Thursday, 8/24 when he and Naylor came off the tanker to meet Kruse.
"I'll do the forms, Rick.  Go ahead and get out of here."  Don said as he took the aircraft forms from Rick and sat down by the nose gear to read them and make any entries that had to be done.
Rick jumped on the base shuttle bus to Gate 2 Street with the intention of getting something to eat and cruise the pawn shops.  He wanted to get a Panasonic portable radio which he could keep on the tanker without feeling bad if it was stolen somewhere in his travels.
Rick walked down Gate 2 Street towards BC Street and only got as far as the Goya restaurant before his hunger pangs overwhelmed his desire to find a cheap radio.  He went to a small table with just two chairs next to a front window so he could watch the people walking up and down BC Street.  There were a few airman from Kadena on the street with a small mix of Navy and Marines from outlying bases.  It was easy to tell the difference.  The sailors and particularly the Seabees, had short hair and the Marines had what they called 'white side-walls'.  Though they had some hair on the top of their heads, from the line at the bottom of their uniform hats down were hairless.  In many cases shaved just like their beards and a tan line showed where their hats ended.
There were some couples amongst the walkers.  Many of them were mixed couples of GI and Okinawan girls.  A few round-eye couples who were either married or members of the military.  He watched several Okinawan girls in pairs or alone hurrying along the street before disappearing into one of the many bars, small stores, pawn shop or restaurants lining the street.  He watched an Okinawan girl coming across the street and felt that he had seen her before.  He lost sight of her when she reached the sidewalk on the Goya's side of the street and continued to watch for her to come back into his vision.
At the same time as the waitress came to take his order, the restaurant's front door opened catching Rick's eye.  Sure she's familiar.  Is she looking for me?  He felt an upsurge of hope that Kim was in fact coming to meet him, but he also realized that she might not care if he was there or not.  She might have already forgotten about him.
Kim knew exactly where he was sitting and looked directly at him.  They made eye contact both breaking into smiles when she started across the restaurant towards him.  
He watched and appreciated the small, but nicely put together girl walking towards him. 
With her now familiar smile she spoke when she reached his table.  "My turn to buy lunch."
Then with a smile she spoke to the waitress.  "Chotto matte kudasai."
The waitress smiled and nodded before walking over to a table of two GIs to take their orders.
"Can I join you?  Ive been waiting for you.  Hoping you would get time off and come to Koza."
"Please, sit down.  I'm glad to see you, Kim.  I was going  to stop in the bar after I ate, hoping you would be there."
"You flew yesterday, neh."
"Yeah.  And were on standby today until almost 1200 this morning.  Then I came here to get something to eat and see if I could find you.
"I knew that you were flying and would not be here last night. I didn't come to the Palms last night.  After class yesterday, I went shopping in Naha, then spent the night at home with my sobo.  That is my grandmother.  I came to Koza about an hour ago, then I watched to see if you would be here." 
"You must be psychic to know I was flying."
"I just knew.  Early yesterday morning before I got out of bed I felt that you were leaving the island."
"I guess that I should have gone to the bar first after I left the base.  I was not sure that you would remember or even care whether I did or not."
"I do care and hoped to see you even for a little bit of time today.  I won't go back to the bar if you want to spend the afternoon with me.  Go to a movie, or maybe I can show you some of my home.  Okinawa I mean."
"I'd like that.  Maybe see more of the island than BC Street and Kokusai Dori."
"What would you like to see?  We can take a taxi or ride the Okinawan buses anywhere that we want to go."
Rick thought and was interrupted when the waitress came back to their table.
"Would you like to try some yakamesa today and share some sushi again?"  Kim asked him.
"Yakamesa?  That's fried rice?"
"Hai.  It is.  And you want chicken with it, neh?"
Rick smiled, got brave and answered in what he thought was the correct Japanese words.  "Hai, yakamesa and sushi would be great, dozo."
"Kim smiled, gave their order to the waitress before turning her smiling face back to Rick.  "You are learning Japanese, neh?"
"Hai.  I'm trying.  Hai is yes and neh is do you agree?"
"Hai.  A good start at learning and I'm glad and impressed that you are trying to learn my language."
"I doubt if I'll ever get as good speaking Japanese as you speak English, and I don't think that I will be able to speak but a few words to anybody but you."
"Oh?  Why is that?  
And thank you for telling me my English is so good,  I try very hard but the only Americans that I can practice on are GIs and I'm not too sure how smart some of them are."
"In case you haven't noticed, I'm a shy person.  Especially around pretty women."
"Really?  I hadn't noticed.  We have never had any trouble talking though we don't know much about nor have known each other very long.
Does that mean that you don't think that I'm a pretty woman?"  Kim smiled letting him know that she hadn't taken offense, but wasn't letting him get away with such a statement all together.
"Oh, hell.  I'm sorry.  I didn't mean you.  I think that you are a very pretty girl who makes me wonder why she is interested in someone older than herself."
Still smiling, Kim retorted.  "A girl?  Interested in an older man?  How old do you think I am?  I think I'm older than you think I am."
"I think that I'll just shut up and maybe I can stay out of trouble."  Rick retorted.
Their food came and they were quiet for several minutes.   Rick watched Kim manipulate her chopsticks and tried to emulate her which brought a burst of giggles from across the table.
"What's so funny?"
"Here."  Kim took his hand and wrapped his fingers around the chopsticks, held his hand and chopsticks with her left hand while with her right hand started to eat some of his fried rice.  "Take your time, Rick-san.  There is no hurry especially for a learner."
"Yes, Teacher.  Thank you"  He smiled and was rewarded by a bright and friendly smile on her face.
"You did not answer my questions.  You are not getting a reprieve because we're eating."
"What were the questions, again."
"Rick Davis-san."  Kim spoke in mock frustration.  "You know what I asked you.  Now answer me.  Dozo?  Please, My Dear?"
"Yes, yes.  I know the questions.  
I think that you are about 20 years old, which makes you a woman, but very close to being a girl in my way of thinking.  
I'm 32.  That makes me 12 years older than you.  I guess that could be taken as an older man depending on your culture and way of thinking."
Kim was laughing and was having a hard time stifling her outburst so she could answer Rick.  "Really, it is only 8 years.  I'm 23 now and will be 24 in January. 
When is your birthday?"
"October 20th.  I'll be 32."
"So you are 8 and one half years older than I am.  Thank you for thinking I am still a girl.  A woman always wants to remain a girl whether she admits it or not.  To me personally, 8 or 9 years between us does not make you an older man.  Also, on Okinawa such a difference either way, is not important.  I could be 8 or 9 years older than you and it would be acceptable."
"I stand corrected.  I didn't mean to belittle you or think less of you, Kim.  You know that, yes?"
"Are you ready to go?  I think that we should go to Naha.  I want to show you my school.  The University of the Ryukyus. and where, if you would like, you could meet me when I don't come to BC Street."
"You won't get in trouble and lose your job or something in the bar if you don't go back?"
With a small laugh and kind of a crooked little smile Kim took his hand as they went out the door of the restaurant.
"You didn't pay?'
"No.  They charge it to the bar.
I won't have any trouble if we go to Naha.  My oba owns the bar."
"Oba?"
"My aunt.  She is my father's sister.  I am not really a bar girl.  I am the cashier and sometimes tend bar when Kayoko, you saw her the day you picked me up, tending bar."
Rick started to speak, but Kim stepped off the curb to hail a cab.
"Hey, Kim.  Why don't we grab the base shuttle bus to Gate #1 and we can catch a cab there to Naha."
"You do not mind taking me on base?"
"Of course not.  Why should I?  You're my tomodachi and girlfriend."
"I'm your girlfriend?  For sure?"
"Do you want to be?"  Rick asked her as Kim hurried to catch up to him.  She took his hand again and they walked towards the base gate.
"You walk so fast.  My short legs have a hard job to stay up with you.  Of course I want to be your girl friend.  But how do we know we want to be.  This is only the second time we have been together."
"Nice way to find out isn't it?"
"Yes."  
The bus came just a couple of minutes after they went in the gate.  When they sat down in the back of the almost empty bus, Kim leaned over and pressed her head on Rick's shoulder speaking so low that he had to lean down to hear her.  "Rick, I want to be your girlfriend, but I have never slept with a GI.  Or made love to a GI.  Do you mind if we wait?"
He placed his arm across her slim shoulders and drew her closer against him.  "I think it is a little too soon to think about sleeping together.  After awhile, if that is what we want, we can talk about it."
"GIs always want Okinawan girl friends that they can stay with overnight or to live with as long as they are on Okinawa.  That is why they come to the bar and buy the nesans drinks and pay to take them home or to a hotel.  It's okay because the nesans need the money and the GIs need to be men."
"As I remember correctly, it was you who picked me up.  I was minding my own business listening to the music and enjoying my drink."
"Hai.  You are correct.  I was not needed to be the cashier and I wanted to talk to you.  It was nice wasn't it?"
"Yes it was.  But why talk to me?"
"Because you were quiet and seemed very nice.  You weren't paying any attention to the nesans.  I knew you were a bit older than I was, but you didn't wear a ring like married GIs sometimes do."
"What will your family think about you having an American boyfriend?
We have to get off the bus here."  He told her.
"You have never rode the bus across the base?"
"No.  I was only on the base once before.  A baby-san airman took me to the club one night.  He was so young and quiet I liked him when he came into the bar.  He never tried to buy any of the nesans drinks, or take any of them to a hotel.  I thought he would be nice to me.  I was only 18 years old, but in the base club he bought me drinks and no one seemed to care.  Then he wanted me to go to a hotel with him.  I said no and had to walk from the club to the gate, then to the bar because he would not leave the club and take me home.  He said that since he took me out and bought me dinner and drinks that I should fuck him.  That is not a nice word, I know, but that is what he said.
Before you, he is the only American that I have ever gone anywhere with."  Kim's voice trailed off and she changed the subject. 
"My obasan and oba also, have told me I have been a very nice girl not to get involved with a GI or even an Okinawan boy.  But they have been concerned that maybe I have put too much time into work and going to school.
They will learn what a nice person you are and say, 'smart girl'  You picked a nice GI."
"What are you taking?  Majoring in?"
"I have already completed a minor in English.  I will have enough credits at the end of December in 1969 to graduate my major of Philosophy. 
I want to help my Okinawans have a better education and understand their world."
"You have to get your degree.  No questions, no matter what happens between us.  That is not up for discussion."
"You really care that I get my degree?  I have never told you about what I want, but you want me to do it?"
"Yes.  For sure."



ELEVEN

"Let's catch an Okinawan bus.  Can we ride one all the way to Naha?"  Rick asked as they walked hand in hand out the air base gate and went towards the civilian bus stop on Highway #1.
"Honto.  It is the long way around, but we can change buses in Futenma and take one that goes through the area where there are farms.  It goes to Nishihara where my home is, which is not far from the University.  Maybe next time we will catch the bus in Koza.  It would be more direct."
Rick wasn't sure what to expect once they left the area of the base and BC Street, but Kimi again took his hand after they changed buses in Futenma.  As they moved half way to the back of the bus to find a seat.  "You sit next to the window so you can see more.  I have passed over these roads many times and can tell you where we are."  Kim said before she sat next to him on the outside seat and slid close so her hip was against his.  The seats on the bus were smaller than an American bus since the Okinawans and Japanese people were smaller than the average Americans.
Coming down a long hill Rick caught glimpses of the blue/green ocean and white breakers coming over the coral reefs and amongst the darker green of the trees the red tile roofs of a small town.  
"What's this town, Kimi?"
"It is Nakagusuku.  The water is Nakagusuku Bay.  Way out there is the Philippine Sea.  Watch and in a minute we will see where the Okinawans make salt.  See?  They have built pools of salt water in the sand.  The sun evaporates the water. 
There.  That white sand is really salt.  They will scrape it up and package it to sell."
"It looks like a very old town.  It survived the invasion?"
"Parts of it did.  Most parts have been rebuilt using the first stones.  I think that is the wrong word.  Original stone?  That is correct?"
"Yes, that's the right way to say it.  What is that growing in those big fields?"
"It's sugar cane.  It grows really well here on the island.  See those chimneys a long ways in front of us?"
"Yeah. I've seen something like that somewhere else.  Maybe in Hawaii?"
"You're probably right.  It is a sugar plant.  They take the sugar cane there and make sugar.  It smells really bad when they are processing the cane."
The bus stayed on the road which followed the coastline for a few more miles passing through several very small villages and many fields with crops growing in them.  
That is cabbage in the first field.  Behind it is field of onion.  The sukoshi plot next to the farmers home has daikon.  Radish you call it.  It is for the farmer's okusan to use.  You can see this is mostly farmland.  Some of the fields are very large.  They're used to raise vegetables to sell in the city and to the American bases."
"We call them truck farms."
"I think I have heard that term used.
This is Nishihara.  My home is just a little ways up the hill.  We will get off the bus here and walk there.  Then later we can catch a bus to Shuri where the University is."


A few steps from where they left the bus was a typical Okinawan style store.  The whole front bordering on the street was open.  Two or three glass showcases lined the front making a wall of sorts, but still managing to display the store's wares.  Pots, pans, and other cooking utensils as well as clothing hung from the walls and ceiling allowing just narrow walkways through the merchandise.  A glass fronted cooler stood against the back wall which divided the store from the owner's home.  Inside the cooler were maybe a dozen bottles of Orion the locally brewed Okinawan beer.  A dozen mixed bottles of Coke, grape and orange soda, next to several quarter and half liter bottles of milk lined the right side of the cooler.  Beside the milk bottles was a basket full of brown shelled hen's eggs.  Next to the basket was a ceramic bowl with five eggs and a small sign in Kanji on it.
Seeing Rick looking in the cooler Kim spoke up, "I'm thirsty.  I think I want some Coke but not a whole bottle.  Will you share one with me, Rick?"
"Sure.  Why a basket and a bowl of eggs?"  Rick looked slightly perplexed.
"Do you have trouble reading?  It is quite clear.  The ones in the bowl are all ready cooked."  Kim answered laughing.
"You're picking on me again.  First you make fun of how I eat with chopsticks, now the fact that I can't read Kanji.  I just guess you're not much of a teacher.  We've spent about five hours together and you haven't taught me all of those things I should know."  Rick said trying to keep a straight face but failing and a smile spread across his face.
Unexpectedly Kim rose up on tiptoes and standing in front of the store and mama-san kissed him quickly on the lips and spoke a couple of words softly in Japanese,  "Ai suru, Rick-chan, watashi no kobito."  As she looked in his eyes.  Then she took his hand and started up the road towards her home.
Slowly moving up the slight hill so Rick could look around, they shared their Coke matching sip for sip.
"This is my home."  Kimiko stopped in front a large house with a red tiled roof.  Typical of Okinawa, the wood sides of the house were not painted, but the door and door frames, as well as the sliding windows and their frames were varnished.  The red tiled roof extended over a wide porch which ran across the front and both sides of the house.  Surrounding the house was a four foot high, two foot thick rock wall made of dark brown basalt.  Directly in front of them was a hand carved wooden gate with an arching top that was at least a foot taller than the wall.  The gate was attached to the rocks with big, hand forged, wrought iron hinges and a hand forged wrought iron latch that could be locked.
Kim swung the gate open and motioned Rick through it ahead of her.  "The dog is big, but does not bite."  she said seriously.  But one look at the questioning, apprehensive look on Rick's face and she started to giggle. 
Kim smiled then spoke loudly, "  Obasan, Obasan.  Konnichi wa, Obasan."
She was answered by the excited barking of a small dog which slid through the open front door, literally flew off the porch and jumped into Kim's arms and started deliriously licking her face.  
"There's no big dog."  Kim laughed.
"I will get even."  Rick muttered under his breathe.
"This is my obasan's dog.  I call her Baka.  It is a play on words.  Baka is fool or foolish in Japanese.  And to me it is a variation of the English word bark.  You know the dog barks?"
Rick nodded, rolled his eyes a little, but agreed with her.
"When she was very little, she barked all of the time.  All right, all right.  I know it is weird, but I am but a poor uneducated country girl who is not very worldly."
"Do not listen to this foolish girl, Rick-san.  She makes up things trying to shock and fool us."  The voice was strong, but not loud or demanding.
Kimiko's grandmother was standing in the doorway.  She was not as Rick expected. A tiny Okinawan lady with her grey hair done by a hairdresser.  She wore a traditional informal yukata which was not in the usual subdued colors that Rick had observed many older women wearing.  It had bright blue flowers and green leaves on it and was made of a very fine cotton fabric.  Her complexion was clear though wrinkled, and it was easy to see where Kim had inherited her beautiful unblemished complexion.
"Kimi-chan."  Her obasan admonished her.  "Invite our company in.  It is not nice to have him standing out in the hot sun."
"Okay, Obasan."  She answered her grandmother with a laugh taking Rick's hand again and leading him up the front steps while she still held Baka in her left hand and arm.
"And put down that silly dog.  She is quite capable of climbing the stairs by herself, even if you have trouble with them."
The tiny Okinawan lady held out her hand Western style and with a firm grip shook Rick's hand before she bowed.  "Konnichi wa Rick-san.  Welcome to our home.  Kimi-chan did not exaggerate when she told me about you.  You are indeed a fine looking young man with soft trusting eyes.  Dozo, come sit down and Kimi-chan can fetch us some iced tea from the kitchen."
"Yes, Obasan.  Did you make the tea for yourself, or are you psychic?"
"You must not tell family secrets.  Rick-san will think that he is amongst a very weird family."
Rick smiled.  Made eye contact with Obasan before he spoke.  "I have already been treated to Kimiko's psychic abilities.  Truthfully, I don't know if she was just lucky or really knew that I was flying and knew when I would be in Koza.
Also, what can I call you?  I have just heard Kim call you Obasan."
Kim laughed.  "See Obasan, He is so respectful for an American that he's scary."
"I would be honored if you would do as Kimi-chan does and call me Obasan.  My full name is Satchako Toyama.
You're only going to be on Okinawa for a short time, Rick-san?"
"Yes, Obasan."  Rick answered trying out the new title.
"The Air Force sends my tanker and I to different places constantly.  Sometimes for a couple of days and sometimes for as much as 120 days.  This trip is for two weeks.  Fourteen days, not counting travel time."
"Can you always predict where you are going to be?  Know in advance?"
"Sometimes.  But many times we just have a day or two notice.  Since I'm single and love to fly I don't need much notice."
"That was the impression that Kimi-chan gave me after she met you the first time.  She said that you are a Man-of-the-Wind."
"Obasan!  You have embarrassed me.  I'm sure Rick can imagine all kinds of things that I might have meant by that."
"Oh, I don't think so.  He is a very intelligent man and will not jump to conclusions.
But, just what did you mean by that, Kimi?  I was never quite sure myself where you were coming from."
"Obasan.  Please, where did you pick up that expression?  You are a refined and educated teacher and you are using expressions like, I quote,'where you were coming from,' unquote."
"So what is wrong with that.  I am a progressive lady and I am always listening to my students and the terms that they use."
"My sobo teaches English part time at the university.  To first and second year students.  I believe they're corrupting her.  She's 70 years old and thinks she's still 30.  Her real full time job is an English translator for the Okinawan Prefecture.  That is the government of Okinawa. 
Since Rick is looking at me strangely and you are going to keep embarrassing me until I explain myself so I will do just that.
I meant that you are not held down by the normal hang-ups of your society, Rick.
I believe Obasan, that the Americans say he is a 'Free Spirit'.  It is not derogatory or a put down.  You're still a man of values and morals, Rick.
All right, Obasan?  Does that explain what I meant?"
"Very nicely Kimi-chan.  If Rick-san understands also.  He is the one who you must be sure of."
Rick reached across the low table that they sat on the tatamis next to and took Kim's hand.  "Now, I'm the one who is embarrassed, Kim.  But thank you.
Domo arigato gozaimasu, Kimi-chan.
Is that correct, Obasan?"
"Yes, very good, Rick. 
Now, you two must leave if your going to go to the university and go to dinner in Naha.
Come see me again Rick-san.  You are very welcome in our home.  Though I do wonder how much longer Kimi-chan will live with me.  She is getting more independent by the week."
"You know that you cannot get rid of me for very long, Obasan.  Even if I have my own apartment, I will always come to our home."


"We'll take the bus that goes to Naha City.  That will take us to Shuri and the university.  If you would like, we can walk from there to Kokusai Dori and find a restaurant to have dinner in."
"That sounds like a good idea to me.  There used to be a castle where the university is now?"
"Yes.  The castle was destroyed during the war.  There is talk of finding a new place for the university and rebuilding the castle."
"I gather that the castle is important to Okinawa.  But that the Japanese military used it and had a bunker underneath it as a command post."
"That's true.  The Japanese military didn't care about things that meant something to the people of Okinawa, or anything that was part of our Okinawan heritage. Some Okinawans also felt that way.  A short time before the invasion these people were sent to Japan with the nonessential Japanese like clerks and teachers.  That is when my family moved into the caves of the north and some of our neighbors went to Brazil.
My father was a teacher in Naha.  He wanted to stay and help his students.  No one could imagine that the Japanese would impress teenage students into the military and as laborers.  My father was also impressed to construct bunkers and help put make-believe guns on top of the hills."
"Make-believe guns?"
"Yes, they made bunkers to place big guns in, but did not have the guns to put in them.  So they made guns from logs so it would look like there were many big guns all around Naha."
They were quiet for a few minutes and were watching the houses pass by as the bus took them into Naha.
Coming to the top of a hill the bus slowed and Kim spoke.  "This is Shuri, Rick.  We will get off here.  Just up that side street is the entrance to where the castle was."
When they stood on the side of the street waiting for the bus to leave, Kim reached for Rick's hand and pressed her face against his arm.  "My father was last seen working near here when the American ships started to shoot their big guns and the airplanes came.  He was never found.  Nobody knows what happened to him."
"I'm sorry, Kimi."
"It was a long time ago.  Obasan said it was two months after he disappeared before the family found out  he was missing.  We were way far north and hiding in the caves so we did not know what was happening here in the city.  Of course I was too young to know or understand anyway.
Both my grandparents were also teachers.  It was decided that they would go with their daughter and granddaughter to the caves.  Then they could teach the children who were in the caves with them.  My father had only us, and his students, no other family.  Obasan said that he wanted to stay with his students to protect them from the Japanese military as much as he could."
Walking up a dirt street together, Rick saw a tall, and fancy structure with a high peaked red clay tiled roof.  It stood at what appeared to be the end of the street.  "What is that, Kim?"
"That is the Shurimon.  The entrance to the castle.  Shuri Gate in English.
The university is just over there.  I pass the gate whenever I go to or come from school.  If you want to find me at the University you can wait here and I will come here to meet you.  Before you leave I will give you my schedule and I would like to send you my new schedule when I get it."
"I'd like that.  I'll give you my address in the states where you can send it.  
I don't know when I'll be back, Kim.  A while ago I thought I was coming back in the middle of October for 120 days.  Then they sent me here now.  So I don't know if the October TDY is still going to happen."
"I will hope and pray that it does.  That is what, two months away?"
"Yeah, something like that.
Let's find a place to eat.  It's starting to get dark and I'm hungry.  You must be also?"
"I am.  We can walk through the University then go down Kokusai Dori."


Kim led them to an Okinawan restaurant that she knew and liked.  "It has no 'A' Sign.  Do you care Rick?"  Kim asked him when they paused outside a somewhat fancy restaurant on a side street near the Ryubo Department store and Kokusai Dori.
"Makes no difference to me.  Especially if you say it's good and would like to eat here."
"Sometimes I meet Obasan here to have dinner after she finishes work and I get out of school. We come here almost every week."
The maitre d' ignored his reservation list after he greeted Kim.  They exchanged a few words in Japanese as he guided them to the back of the restaurant. 
As she always did, Kim told Rick what had passed between them.  "He is an old friend of my family.  He asked about Obasan and was concerned that I was with you instead of her.  I don't think that I ever come here alone and have never been in here or anywhere else with any man Okinawan or GI."
"I'm amongst the honored.  Thank you."  Rick said with a smile as Kim reached across the table and took his hand.
Should I be really happy and excited?"
"I hope that you will be happy and maybe a little excited.  
I know that you will be traveling a lot and not be on Okinawa very often.  Then just for small periods of time.  But I hope that you will want to see me and we will spend as much time together as we can.  I'm saying that I really want to be your girlfriend and later,"  Kim hesitated and Rick could hear her and see her chest rise as she took three or four deep breaths.  She looked down at the table and then looked deep into his eyes matching Rick's intense look.  "Later we will be more than friends and closer.  Become lovers."  Kim's voice trailed off until Rick could barely hear.  Her blush rose from her neck and up onto her face.  Her high cheek bones seemed to take on a color of their own.
"I like you very much and have enjoyed every minute we have been together.  I won't make any promises today, right now.  As you said, I'll be flying many places and I have no idea when I'll be back to Okinawa.  
I do promise to find you and see you when I am on Okinawa and will always be truthful with you."
"I have an 8 o'clock class in the morning.  So I am going to stay with Obasan in Nishihara tonight.
You didn't say anything about your next flight.  Do you know?"
"No, I don't, but I should know when I get back to the base tonight or first thing in the morning.  I'll tell you as soon as I can.  All right?"
"Hai, domo.  I would like that.
Obasan likes and respects you.  Sometimes she can be very critical of my choice of friends.  I had a boy friend, Okinawan, who she could not stand.  All she would say is, 'You can do better.  What is his future going to be?  You are ambitious and educated, Kimi-chan, find somebody else.  
I finally realized that what she was saying was true.  The fault was not that he was Okinawan.  He just didn't want to improve himself.  He would be happy driving for the American Navy forever."
"What made you see that Obasan was correct?  He must have done something to make you aware of who he was."
"I have a cousin who is a translator and dispatcher for the Navy in Naha.  My ex-boyfriend worked for him.  That is how I met him.  The Okinawans who work for the Navy had a party and Kusii, my cousin invited me, actually took me so he could impress everyone to what a beautiful cousin he has."  Kim giggled at her own words.  "That is what Kusii said when I told him that I was not going to go out with his friend anymore."
"He's right.  You are a beautiful cousin.  So, are you going to tell me more?  Did he do something bad or did you just know he wasn't for you?"
"Other than try to take me to bed?  I think it was just that he wasn't for me.
No!"
"No, what?"
"I never slept with him.  I never wanted to.  Even after being together for a dinner date and a few drinks, I never had any desire to take off my clothes with him.  It was not like what you are doing to me.  Now I am going to leave you and catch a taxi to Nishihara before I embarrass myself further."
Kim got up and came around the table to Rick.  Bent and kissed him on the lips for a long, more than sisterly kiss.  
"Finish your kohi and I will talk to you tomorrow."  With a warm smile she waved to him as she went out the door and hailed a passing pink cab.
Rick paid for their dinner and catching the warm smile from both the waitress and maitre d' left the restaurant to also catch a taxi, but to go in the opposite direction Kim had taken.



TWELVE

It was about 2330 when Rick unlocked the door to his room in the Kadena transit barracks.  The desk light was on and on the desk were two ripped out blue lined pages of a small pocket sized notebook.  He picked up the two notes and read the top one which was from Don Naylor.  
"I'll be back about midnight.  Went to see Yoshi.
As you can see we will have a busy day tomorrow with a 0900 take off.  Set the alarm for about 6 so we can get breakfast.  Please."
He didn't bother to sign it.
The original, first note was from Bob Kruse who had worked the day shift on the flightline.
"Greetings;  You have an exciting and fun filled mission tomorrow.  Takeoff at 0900 so I'll pick you up at the snack bar about 0700.  Or meet you before for coffee if I can make it.  Your turn to buy.
Did I mention that you are going to Yokota, Japan for lunch?"
Love Bob K."
Rick chuckled as he stripped and headed for the shower.
About 6 hours sleep.  About par for the course, but worth it.  Being with Kimiko was fun.  
I'm a little unsure what she was intimating with those remarks about being lovers and sharing.  Or why she took me to meet Obasan?


The two crew chiefs met Bob Kruse in the snack bar.  Though it was shortly after 0600 when they got there, Kruse was ahead of them and eating his breakfast.
"I will have to come back for you guys.  I've got a EC135 going out at 0700 that I have to cover.  Ive all ready checked your forms, Rick.  3653 is ready to go as soon as you finish your preflight."
"Thank you, Sir.  We do appreciate the service."
"No problem.  I had nothing to do for the last hour so I looked after my buddies."
"Okay.  What is it going to cost us?"  Don Naylor asked.
"Damn.  You do train your assistants well, Rick.  He's as cynical as you are."
"It pays in this dog eat dog military world, my Friend."  Rick responded.  
"You'll be picking up some special cargo in Yokota.  Make sure that the flight crew picks up a couple of extras for us."
"What kind of cargo?  Who is us?"
"I ain't telling.  I want it to be a surprise.  Us is the three of us if you're interested after you get on the ground at Yokota.  Also another us is a flight chief besides me who wants in on the deal."
"Tell me one thing.  Is it legal?"
"Depends on your point of view.  
Outbound to Yokota you'll be refueling a BUFF on its way to Thailand from Guam.  
Coming out of Yokota you will have a straight run for Kadena."
"You're really helpful.  That's all it's going to cost us?"  Don asked again.
"Nothing.  Just enjoy the flight.  It isn't going to cost you a thing."
"You're not going to tell us what the cargo is.  Are you?"
"I gotta go.  Got an airplane to launch.
Finish your breakfast, have an extra cup of coffee each and I'll pick you up shortly after 0700."


The flight was uneventful.  The flight crew took the tanker south to a point somewhere between Taiwan and the Philippines to rendezvous with their receiver, the B52 en route from Guam to Khorat, Thailand.  In less than 30 minutes the tanker turned back north for Yokota, Japan.
"Look at that." Rick announced over the intercom circuit.  Mt. Fuji was thrusting its snow capped crown above a blanket of white cloud cover just over the horizon.  The mountain grew as they sped north.  Sparkling in the bright summer sun and revealing more of itself as the clouds burned away and the distance to it shrank.  
"No wonder it's so revered."  The pilot commented.  "I've seen a lot of mountains from this altitude and Mt. Fuji has to be the most majestic."
"Where's Yokota, Nav?"  Rick asked.
"The city you can start to see north and east of Mt. Fuji is Tokyo.  Come south and in a couple of minutes you'll see a couple of runways.  That will be Tachikawa Marine Corp Air Facility a bit west and south of Tokyo.  Yokota will be more to the west.  About 30 miles from Tokyo.
We'll start turning to the northwest after we pass the mountain.  Then we should be able to see the Yokota runways."
"We're going to land on that?  Looks more like a piece of a Los Angeles freeway."  The boom operator cracked as he turned away from the cockpit windows and headed for his seat. 
"It is kind of short isn't it?"  The nav said.  It was the only other comment before they touched down and everyone was sucked forward against their shoulder harnesses when both pilots pushed hard on their toe brakes and the copilot raised the spoilers into the full up position to slow the tanker before they ran out of runway.
"Another successful crash landing."  Quipped the copilot.  
"Sure makes you appreciate Kadenas runway doesn't it?"  The navigator remarked.
"Chief, If you guys want to refuel I'll go make arrangements for the pachinko machines to be delivered.  If you need some help, the boomer can give you a hand."  The pilot told Rick when they had gone down the crew entry ladder and were standing on the tarmac near the nose of the tanker.  
"Give us a total of 76,000 pounds.  That will be more than enough to get us back to Kadena and make it easy to get off of this short field."
"Pachinko machines," Don Naylor muttered to himself as he walked towards the tail to put the the tail strut in so they could refuel while Rick and the boomer took the landing gear and door down locks into the wheel wells.
"What's the deal on these things Boom."  Rick asked as he and the boom operator walked back to the crew entry ladder.
"The Officer's Club at Kadena has some kind of connection over here to buy these pachinko machines for about $50 a piece.  They're rebuilt from the pachinko parlor rejects here in Japan.  They won't use rebuilts in the parlors, so they found a steady, rich market in the flight crews.
If you or Don want one, you can have one.  I know the A/C ordered more than what were paid for."
"Thanks, Boom.  But I think Don and I will both pass on them.  I believe a desire was expressed for a couple on the Kadena flightline though.  The flightline chief will be expecting them and has the money in hand.
What about you Boom?"
"If I brought one home my wife would make me move into the playroom with it.  I have brought so much stuff home from my trips that we're running out of house room.
That's a disadvantage of flying all over the world on a tanker.  It's too easy to buy stuff overseas that you don't need."  Boom responded.
"If you want to run the cockpit fuel panel Boom, Don will run the panel here in the wheel well.  I'll stay down here and run a quick post-flight while you guys refuel.  Then as soon as we load our cargo and have some lunch we can leave."
"Sounds like a plan."
Just as the crew chiefs and boomer had finished refueling they saw the navigator walking across the ramp from the flightline snack bar carrying their lunches. He was followed shortly by the pilot and copilot coming across the ramp each riding in a white Datsun pickup with a Japanese civilian driver.  The back of both small pickups was full of carefully stacked and padded pachinko machines. 
It only took a few minutes for the whole crew to load the machines and put each onto the red nylon troop seats that lined both sides of the tanker's cargo compartment.  With some skill from having been through this operation before, the boomer showed everyone how to wrap the seat belt and shoulder harnesses around each machine.  Both crew chiefs and the boomer strapped in two or three machines each and then stood and watched the young copilot going from machine to machine enthusiastically strapping them in.  
When the copilot finished the last machine the Boomer asked if they were all securely fastened in their seats.
"Yeah Boomer, they are."  He responded.
"All right, now since you are senior to us, you have to read them the bailout and ditching procedures."
"You're kidding me?  Right, Boom?"
Unnoticed by the copilot, the A/C and navigator had come back from the cockpit into the cargo compartment.
"Under Air Force aircraft regulations, anytime you have occupants in the troop seats, they must be briefed on bailout and ditching procedures."  The A/C spoke.  "I believe that the navigator brought a set of checklists for you to read from, Lt. Crowder."
The navigator stepped forward and handed the bewildered copilot the checklist he had brought from the cockpit.
As the copilot started to read through the checklists he knew he was being had.  The navigator turned and hurried back into the cockpit followed by Rick.  They both had smiles and were enjoying the play taking place in the cargo compartment. 
"That poor kid isn't really that gullible is he?"  The A/C spoke when he also came into the cockpit with a big smirk on his face.  He was getting a little cocky anyway."
He turned to Rick and Naylor.  "I know you two will use good judgement and this scenario will not become the tanker flightline story of the month."
"No sweat, Sir.  I did enjoy it though."  Rick responded.
"Okay Rick, let's button this bird up and do our walk-around so we can go back to Kadena before dinner time.
By the way, guys, the fuel load looks really good."  
"It was Naylor and Boomer who did it, Sir.  I did a quick post-flight while they refueled."
"That was easy enough."  The pilot said as they cleared the perimeter of the airfield and were climbing through 2500 feet.  "I can just image how that short runway would be with a 90,000 pound fuel load though.  No room to spare."


Rick checked his watch when he came out of job control with the tanker's forms.  Bob Kruse was waiting for him in his pickup.  Rick knew that Bob was technically off duty since it was after 1600 hours.
"I'll run you out to your bird then drop you at the barracks before I give the truck to my relief."
"Thanks Bob.  Want to get some dinner later?"
"Yeah.  That sounds like a plan.  Don going with us?"
"I don't think so.  He has a hot date in Koza somewhere.  
You up to going to BC Street?  The Goya Restaurant, but first we have to stop and pick up Kim"
So that's her name?  For sure?"
"Yeah.  She's a nice kid, Bob.  She took me to the university yesterday and to Nishihara to meet her grandmother who works as a translator for the Ryukuian government and teaches part time at the university."
"Really?  And she hangs around with you?  A tanker crew chief in the US Air Force?"
"Ironic isn't it?"
"My TDY is up, Rick.  In fact I should have rotated back to Loring over a week ago."
"Then why in hell are you still here?"
"Well . . . I've kind of been working a deal."
"What deal?  Oh brother, this should be good."  Rick kidded his friend.
"I promised Cheryl a warm duty station once in our career.  So far we've spent 6 long years at Loring, 4 cold years at Minot AFB in ND and 4 years of English pubs at Mindenhall.  None have been exactly a tropical paradise.
So I'm trying to pull some strings for my last duty station before we retire and get a 4 year tour here on Kadena and get her and the kids sent over.
I really like this island and I know for sure she will also.  And I know the kids will love it.  Though I guess they may miss the snow."
You'll either be here or gone when I get back.  If you're gone I know it didn't work out.  
You do know that I'll only be here about week more?"
"I'm afraid that it's going to be a very short week my Friend.  Even shorter than we planned on."  Bob stated with a quiet look of apprehension  
"Job control and plans and scheduling came to the joint decision that as we have known, we've flown the hell out of you and 3653.
"What's up Kruse?"
"You, 3653, will be overdue a phase inspection before you can get back to Fairchild if they keep flying her here, or even send you to Thailand.  They figure time wise they got their monies worth out of 3653 and her crew chiefs, so it would be wise to send you back to Fairchild sooner so Fairchild will get stuck with the phase."
"Sooner than what?"  Rick asked as he felt the heat of his feelings rising."
"Like Monday, 8/28.  You'll leave directly from Kadena with a full load of geese."
"Shit!"
"Yeah it sucks.  Take tomorrow off.  Then on Sunday get your bird ready for the trip across the pond.
The geese will be rotating flight crews.  Mostly B52 crews.  They're bringing them here from several bases in Thailand over the next couple of days.
Both of your flying hours will be fixed so you and Don will get your combat pay and income tax exemption for September.  Wheels up will be at 0600 on Monday, the 28th."
"Good luck to you and Cheryl anyway, Bob.  I hope your plan works and give Cheryl my love."
"Last night when I talked to her on the phone she said to tell you that she still loves you even if you do have an Okinawan girl friend and she's glad that your getting laid.  She was concerned for your sex life."
"Gees!  You guys are terrible."
'What's really bothering you, Rick?  I know you like Kadena and Okinawa, but something else is going on here."
"Nothing really."
"We've been close for a long time, Kid.  Spill it.  Is it Kim?  
No!  It isn't!  It's Tomi isn't it?  I can see it on your face.  O o boy.  My friend you do have a problem."
"You're crazy Kruse.  I don't hardly know her.  Besides she's a new widow and very pregnant."
"Wait a minute.  What did you just say?  A new what?"
"A new widow.  Why?  Didn't you know?  Her boyfriend, the baby's father was killed in Vietnam about 5 months ago.  She was never married."



THIRTEEN

Rick looked at his deeply sleeping friend and with an almost cynical smile opened the blinds on the window.  The bright Okinawan sun flooded the barracks room.
"Why in hell did you open those blinds?"  A sleepy Don Naylor asked.
"So you would get your lazy ass out of bed.  It's after noon.  You've had over 12 hours sleep."
"Not actually.  Last time I looked at the clock this morning, when I was crawling into the sack, it was almost 0500.
"Gee Don, I thought I was on the same schedule as you.  I guess not, Sorry about that.
I've been up since 0900.  Showered, shaved, put on my best after shave and newest shirt."
You must have a hot date, Rick." 
"Not actually.  I am going to do some last minute shopping before we leave for CONUS on Monday.  Then I might see if I can find a hot date.  
You're going to see Yoshiko, huh?  And you got the word from Kruse of our new departure date?"  Rick asked Naylor.
"Yeah.  So?"
"Nothing.  You'll do better shopping and making time with her if you take her shopping with you."
"All right old man.  I'll try to take your advice.  If I can find her."
You know where her house is.  What else do you need?"
"A reasonable amount of assurance that she doesn't have a boyfriend other than me."
"Sorry, My Son.  You know nobody but Yoshi and yourself can find an answer to that one."
"Yeah, I know.  I'll just drift down the street and kind of drop in on her and hope."
"Good idea.  You only have a day and a half to see her.  This trip."
"Do you mean that we may make another trip over here in the near future?"
"Don't make any plans.  I'm working on it though."
"Are you going to Naha?"
"Yes sir, I am.  I'm supposed to meet Kim at the university.  I'm not sure I want to see where that goes.  She's not going to be happy that we're leaving ahead of time."


Instead of taking the base shuttle bus, Rick didn't want to spend any more time than he had to in traveling, so he hailed one of the larger Okinawan taxies that were allowed on military bases.  It would cost him three times as much to get to Naha, but would cut a quarter of the time off.
He settled into the cushions of the back seat of the taxi and as soon as they were out of the gate Rick let his mind drift.  On the top of his mind was the image of Tomi and the desire to see her and then maybe have a cup of her kohi and a cinnamon and sugar coated doughnut   Then telling her goodbye, but hed be back as quick as he can manage.
"Kokusai Dori, Papa-san"  Rick told the driver as he involuntarily continued to think of Tomi.
Rick came back to the real world when he saw the small sign for the Kokusai Coffee House pass by on his right.
"Koko desu, Papa-san.  Dozo."  He practiced the Japanese he was trying to learn.
Tomi was just coming from the kitchen when Rick crossed the small reception area from the front door.
"Konnichi wa, Rick.  You are alone?"
Yes I am, Tomako.  I haven't had a good cup of kohi since I saw you last.  So I need some of your delicious kohi.  At least two cups.
How are you doing?  You're looking healthy."
"I am very good and so is the little one.  And as you can see he is growing."  Tomi smiled openly and with less of the sadness which Rick was used to seeing creep onto her face and for the first time openly mentioned her baby to him.  "You have been flying a lot?  You look tired and you and your tomodachi have not been here very much."
She took his hand and led him to the back of the coffee house and a small table set off to one side.  "I'll get you a cup of kohi and be right back."
Tomi was back quickly and slid into the seat across from Rick.  "I'm ready for a break.  Can I sit with you?"
"Of course.
I didn't mean to hurt your feelings or bring up bad memories the last time I was here.  I was out of line and I'm sorry."
"Please do not keep apologizing, there is no need.  I know that you did not mean anything by it.  And it was good for me.  I needed to be forced to look at my life again.  I had not done that for what seemed like a very long time.
My tomodachi s, the American couple who came in when you were leaving?"
"Yes, I remember them."
"They were also friends of Brad, my babys father.  
Anyway, we sat and talked for a very long time after you left.  They are very good to me, and will be good for the baby when he comes.
I think someday I might want to take him to the States.  Since he will be one half American, I want him to grow up and be educated there and his father would want that though he would not make me do it."
"They can help you get to the States?"
"Yes, he's a Navy Officer that Brad worked for here on Okinawa and in California before that.
You have already guessed, we were not married yet, so it will take sometime for us to get the baby there."
"So you don't know when you'll be going to the States?"
"No.  Don and Arlene, my tomodachi s, left Okinawa just a few days ago.  He is retiring soon.  They will help me from there if I want to go to the States.
"I'm going back to Washington State on Monday.  I don't know when I'll be back to Okinawa."
Rick had finished his first cup of coffee which Tomi saw and immediately got up to get him another.  When she came back she was also carrying a cup of ocha for herself and a bowl.
"Try this Rick.  You have to be hungry.  It is Okinawan soba.  Noodle soup, with pork, onions, and some kind of green vegetables that my cook puts in everything."
"Smells good, and I'm hungry.
You don't know what your cook is feeding people?"  Rick laughed softly looking Tomi in the eye.
"Your eyes sparkle when you are making fun of me."  Tomi said speaking softly and holding his eye contact.  "I like that."  Tomi blushed.  Rose from her chair and touched Rick on the shoulder with a soft caressing motion.  "I must get back to work."  She did not meet his eyes again before going back towards the kitchen.
Rick finished his coffee and soba before looking at his watch.  Almost 3:30.  I have time to walk up to Shuri Gate to meet Kimiko.
Tomako is quite a woman.  I do like her, but what a complication.  New baby.  Trying to get stateside with the baby?
Be really tough to take on and she is the kind of woman that some guy could fall really hard for.  Like Bob said yesterday, if shes my problem, I do have a problem.
There was a young girl in the reception area when Rick went to pay for his lunch.  He was reaching for his wallet when the girl said that it was taken care of.  "Tomako-chan said to tell you it was on-the-house and you are welcome here anytime and please come back.  She had to leave for an appointment so she is not here."


Rick took his time climbing Shuri Hill and when the now familiar gate came into sight he looked to see if the students were leaving the university buildings or if Kim might be waiting for him.  He watched a couple of students pass by and as he got closer to the gate he still could not see anyone waiting.  
"Hey GI, you want a girl friend?"  She said as she stepped out from behind one of the vertical sides of the gate.  Kim's face lit up in an all over smile as she jumped into Rick's arms, looked into his eye for a second or two before their lips met and their tongues sought each other.
"I knew that you wouldn't be here yesterday.  I woke up yesterday morning and felt sad."
"Why were you sad?"
"Because I was not going to see you for another day."
"But I was supposed to be back yesterday afternoon."
"But I knew that you were not going to be here.  I did stop here before I went to Nishihara though."
They stood under the Shuri Gate talking quietly.  "You are leaving Monday not next week as we thought.  I know that you did not lie to me.  You only found out sometime in the last day or so."  Her voice was muffled by his shirt as she spoke against his chest.
She knew that the date back to CONUS had changed.  How did she know that?
I would like for us to go to Nishihara and stay until you have to go back to your airplane.  Obasan will be gone all day to her Prefecture office.  Then she will have dinner in Naha before she teaches an English class at the university.  Can we do that?"
"I'd like that, Kimi-chan, but I have to go back to the base to get my tanker ready to go to the states.
Why am I turning a chance to make love to her down?  So easily, too.
"But you aren't leaving for two days.
Don't you want to make love to me?"
"It isn't a matter of wanting to or not, Kim.  We need to get to know each other better.  Besides my obligation to have my tanker ready to leave at 0600 on Monday morning."
She made eye contact with him for just several seconds before turning and picking up her backpack.  She turned back towards Rick, again made eye contact and walked by him towards the university without speaking a word.



FOURTEEN

As soon as 3653 turned towards Guam, Rick left his seat in the cockpit and headed for the waiting bunk in the cargo compartment.  Don Naylor was already laying on the top bunk and had pulled down the lower bunk for Rick. 
"Rick, you look like you got as much sleep last night as I did.  Do you think we'll get back here again before we're too old to remember this trip?"
Laughing with his assistant crew chief, Rick sat on the bunk before answering.  "I'm working on it.  I think that I would like to get back here and see where it goes with Kimiko.  You seem to hit it off with the sukoshi one.  I guess she's why you're asking about coming back."
"Yeah.  I never told you, but I almost got married last year.  A woman I met in Alexandria, VA when I was stationed at Andrews AFB.  We lived together for almost six months.  Then one morning I woke up, went to the base and put in for a transfer to any West Coast SAC base.  And here I am.  No regrets, no missing her.  Actually had hardly any thoughts about her and they stopped the day after I found Yoshiko."
"I can relate to you and how you feel about Yoshi.  I believe that I'm probably going through somewhat the same thoughts for Kimi.  I guess we have to ride it out and be careful not to get kicked in the guts, or hurt the women.  
Are you guys going to write to each other?"
"Yeah.  She's well educated, finished high school in Naha, but can only write a few words in English.  I made a deal with a translator to translate and mail her letters to me and mine to her.  I gave him fifty bucks and gave her the receipt.
Her father is a fisherman and farmer.  She and I were going to go to Itoman today to meet her family if we hadn't left."
"She wants her family to meet you already?"
"That's what she said.  Truthfully, I think she wants to rub her father's nose in the fact that he sold her to the bar.  'See Dad, you sent me away, but I have an American to take your place and take care of me.'  She is a little bitter and really wants to do good in her life.
She has never said anything like that, but reading between the lines I came up with that on my own."
"You're probably right.  It sounds as if she has those thoughts and feelings.  She'll be doing well to keep them to herself.  How old is she, Don?."
"Just over 18.  Started in the bar right after New Year's.  The other women like her and are very protective of her.  Won't even let the Okinawan men who work in the bar hit on her.  They took turns sitting with us every night until Wednesday night.  They kept watch, but we were alone for the first time then.  Last night we stayed at her house together.  She lives with two other women but they were both gone last night."
"So you're less than two years older than she is?"
"Yeah.  Though sometimes I think that she's older than I am.
A funny thing happened Wednesday night. One of the older women came and sat with me for a minute when Yosh went to get us fresh drinks and go to the bathroom.  She said that if I cared for Yoshi, I wouldn't let her work in the bar any longer than I had to, and maybe I should make sure she has enough money to live on when I'm not here.  You think that it might be a scam to get money, Rick?"
"I'm not sure, but what I've heard fits what she told you.  
I'd like to talk to Obasan about it.  She's a very smart lady who also seems to be connected."
"Obasan?  Who is that?"  Don asked his boss.
"Kimiko's grandmother.  She's an English professor at the University.
Anyway, we've got to get some shuteye.  I told Boomer to wake us about 30 minutes out of Guam and the A/C said that they would save us some coffee and lunch."
"Rick?"
"Huh?"
"Thanks.  Since we've crewed together you gave me an idea or two and also good advice on what to expect over the next little while."


Rick became conscious of the tanker's slightly decreasing engine noise, and felt his ears pop and knew they were starting to descend.
"You already awake Chief?"  Asked the boom operator.  "Doesn't take long to tune into what the aircraft is doing even in your sleep does it?"
"It amazes me sometimes Eric.  I would say that the power was pulled off to 90% and we're descending at about 500 feet per minute for Guam."
"Right on, Rick.  Be about 25 minutes to touchdown.  Coffee in the cockpit if you guys want some."
"Thanks Eric."  Rick responded before he put a booted foot against the bottom of the upper bunk and bounced Don a couple times.
"Is that a hint to get up?"
"If you want a cup of coffee and some lunch before we touch down on Guam it is."
Rick got a cup of coffee and a box lunch from the cockpit to take back into the cargo compartment where he could spread it out.  He put on his headset and spoke.  "Crew Chief on."
"Okay Chief"  The A/C acknowledged.  "We haven't got any write-ups to speak off.  Two avionics type stuff and command post said they would have the avionics techs meet us as soon as we shut down.  They expect you'll have about a two hour layover.  Your next flight crew is waiting for you and a couple of new passengers, also."
"Thanks, Sir."
No problem, Chief.  Nice airplane you have.  Cleanest we've flown in a long time."
"Thanks again, Sir.  Hope we can fly with you again."


Rick stretched out on the ramp in the shade of the right wing.  Don Naylor was up in the tanker with the techs from the Avionics shop who hadn't been able to work on the problems until the crew chiefs had finished refueling.
I can't believe what I dreamt about this morning.  First I was in bed with Kimi, then I was on an airplane, a civilian airliner, with Tomi and the baby.  Is it possible to love two women at the same time?  One you're sleeping with . . . , The other you've only talked to a couple of times. She touched your shoulder and bought you lunch.
It must be the island.  It has enchanted me.  A romantic notion left over from James Michener's TALES OF THE SOUTH PACIFIC and RETURN TO PARADISE.  I remember both of them from high school.  Okinawa is a lot like the islands Michener wrote about.  The golden sands, blue ocean waters, bougainvillea flowers, palm trees, brown eyed, black haired, beautiful women.  And always a smile for the taking.
First stop when I come back to work, plans and scheduling.  I hope Lester is still there.  I'll just bet he can put us on the next Young Tiger which is going the first of October.  Then make sure Kruse knows we're coming and get us sent back to Kadena from UT.
Nice dreams.
"Hey Rick, crew coming down the ramp and avionics is through doing their black magic on the black boxes.  You want to check their red X sign-offs?"
"I don't think so.  Let the flight crew check it out.  They'll know quick enough if it isn't right."


It was almost 2200 when 3653 touched down on Oahu and taxied onto Hickam Air Force Base.  They were scheduled for a 2400 takeoff and the fuel truck and a water tanker were waiting.  The transit alert supervisor told Rick that the flight crew would be out to the tanker as soon as the the refuel was done.  Also, the A/C wanted to know if he could get them something to eat out of the inflight kitchen.
"How about two big fat, juicy hamburgers and a huge bag of fries.  And don't forget two large Cokes with lots of ice."
The supervisor laughed, nodded and waved as he climbed back into his pickup and drove the 200 yards to base operations were the flight crew were waiting to preflight the tanker.


The sun was barely breaking over the horizon when Don and Rick herded their geese off of the tanker and closed up the cargo door so they could refuel for the last leg of their trip.  From Castle AFB to Fairchild and home.  Both crew chiefs had slept all the way from Hawaii to California and were refreshed and anxious to get home.
Sitting in the pilot's seat while running the cockpit fuel panel, Rick's mind started to drift back to Okinawa instead of to Fairchild and Spokane. 
Maybe I should call Kruse first and be sure they can fit 3653 into Kadena's schedule?  Then go see Lester in plans and scheduling?
This has been one very nice two weeks.  There is still a lot that I want to do and see on the island.  As well as get to know Kimiko better.  Obasan sure is one very nice lady.
I hope Tomako is all right.  She was in a good mood the last time that I saw her and she seemed healthy enough.  I'm missing her, yet I hardly know her and haven't seen her any place but the coffee house.
His mind had been wandering like that off and on since he had started the trip back to Fairchild.  Now, closer to home and a chance to slow down and rest for a while, his mind seemed to be wandering back to Okinawa more frequently and with more involved scenarios.


After the crew chiefs and aircraft had cleared customs and the air police left the tanker, Ron Brian came aboard with an Airman 1st which neither Rick nor Don knew.
"Hey guys."  The Master Sergeant cheerfully greeted them.  "I'll run you down the ramp to the alert hanger to get your cars so you can get out of here.  I heard that you had a really good TDY and Kadena is hollering to get you back.  
In the meantime meet your new second assistant crew chief, Leo Rosko.  Leo will be a trainee until you two get him OJT'ed on tankers(On-the-Job-Training), and he can take over Naylor's spot.
Yes, don't you two look ready to kill me, I'm breaking up the team because Jerry Stevens is leaving for Eielson next month and Naylor is getting 57-1430.  So within the next two weeks he'll move over with Jerry.  You'll have to have Leo ready to go on status and go TDY back to Young Tiger within the first two weeks of October.
Let's leave Rosko here to guard your gear while we go get your cars."
Welcome aboard 3653 Leo.  Make yourself at home and explore all you want, but remember my first rule.  DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING UNTIL Don or I tell you to."  Rick offered Leo his hand and met his eyes.  "How old are you?"
"Thanks Rick.  I'm 21 and I'll remember Rule #1."
Nice looking kid.  Clean neat uniform.  Fresh shave but that curly brown hair could stand a trim.  Should have his wife learn how to cut it.  Bet they don't have any extra money.
Rick had noticed the gold wedding band and the fact that he hadn't been wearing it very long.  No callous had built up around it, no scratches on its shiny new surface.  Leo's hands were well calloused as most crew chief's hands were.
"Is his wife here, Ron?"
"Leo's?  Yeah, they got married just before coming out here from the East Coast.  He's been on a phase inspection team for a couple weeks.  I talked to him a couple times on the flightline and since I had a slot coming open and he said that he wanted to fly, I went to the maintenance supervisor and begged him to give him to us.
I think he'll be a good fit with you Rick.  Low key and a hard worker.  I had him work a couple double shifts to see how he handled them."
"And?"  Rick asked.
"Never slowed him down or seemed to faze him.  His young, cute wife came to pick him up one morning at 0130 after a 16 hour shift.  They were just glad to see each other."



FIFTEEN

About 0900 on Monday,October 9th, Rick walked across the ramp to where 3653 was undergoing a BPO inspection.  It had flown locally for an air crew flight check on Friday night and was now being prepared for the trip to Okinawa and Southeast Asia.  The BPO team leader was a friend and Rick could count on him doing a good job.
"Hey Marvin, how's she look this morning."
"Nice of you to drop by Rick.  Your assistant has been here since before 0800.  In fact had the plane all opened up for us."
"He's a worker.  And a fast learner.  In six months I'll probably lose him too. 
Where is he?"
"Damn, you're just full of questions this morning.  Cut me some slack will ya, after all it's barely 9 on Monday morning and I'm only on my fourth cup of coffee.
Leo is upstairs cleaning up.  And I think he's planning on washing the cockpit windows.
No major write-ups?  Rick asked. 
One anti-skid for the right main.  Don't know if we'll need to change a tire or not.  I'll order a tug after lunch so we can rotate the tires to be sure we don't have any flat spots.  The bleed valve on #3 was wrote up again so the engine shop is going to change the controller.
Let's see?"  Technical Sergeant Marvin Case picked up the aircraft forms and briefly skimmed the pages then handed the forms to Rick.  You want the radio shop to check the HF again?  The navigator wrote it up twice coming back from your last YT (Young Tiger) trip."
"Might be a good idea.  They wrote it off as spastic, but never did anything major to it."
"Different tech.  Different results.  Did they check the antenna?  You know that they hate to get a giraffe truck out here to access the antenna on top of the tail fin."
"You got one more stripe than I do, Marvin.  Go for it."
"Consider it done.
I heard by way of the grapevine that you guys are going to Kadena instead of UT.  Isn't that a little unusual?'
"Maybe.  Yeah, we are.  They love 3653 there and asked for her back."
"Yeah.  Right.  What did you have to give Lester for that favor?"
"Actually Lester didn't have anything to do with Kadena.  He did get two cases of Miller's for the YT assignment.  Kadena was Kadena's doing.  I just told them I was coming back on a YT and they said, 'Welcome Home,' Rick."
"Some airplanes get all the luck and juicy assignments."
"I keep telling you Marvin, she's a lucky tanker."
Before Rick could go up the crew entry ladder a pickup blowing its horn got his attention.
MSgt. Ron Brian pulled up under 3653's nose and stepped out onto the ramp.  "I don't know how you do it."
"What.  I haven't done anything.  Yet."
"How do you account for the fact that you're going to Beale, AFB on Wednesday?  Rendezvous with three F4s.  Three other tankers and 12 more F4s and escort them to Thailand?  You know that is unheard of for a YT bound tanker.  You're supposed to take cargo and geese with you, not F4s.
And . . . your A/C is senior.  So you'll be the lead tanker."
"Who's the A/C?"
"Your friend and mine, Colonel Jack Redmond.  Some people have all the luck."
"I'll be damned, Ron.  This is going to be one laid back trip.  RON on every island across the Pacific and an A/C who treats the crew chiefs like the rest of the flight crew.
And no geese to deal with.  That has got to be worth a whole lot."
"Anything that you need before I go, Rick?
Where's Leo?"
"Upstairs cleaning house.
When will Life Support be out?  Tomorrow?  I'd like to run engines tonight with the environmental techs to check the pressurization.  And then after engine run, I can check all of the fluid levels myself."
"All right.  Why don't you and Leo take the afternoon off and I'll schedule your engine run for 1900 and if all goes well you should be out of here by 2200 at the latest.  Tomorrow you guys can top off the fuel load and finish getting the bird ready to go.  You'll be home by noon.  You don't have to be here for Life Support, they can do it on their own schedule."
"That sounds good.  Still have a 0700 preflight Wednesday morning?"
"Yeah.  No change in takeoff time.  Just route changes.
Lucky dogs."  Brian walked back to his pickup shaking his head and smiling to himself.


Their trip to Hickam was in two legs.  They left Fairchild on time and landed at Beale AFB, CA to refuel.  It was also a gathering of the the other three tankers and all 15 F4s.  Then an uneventful flight from Beale to Hickam except for one F4 having electrical problems and if it couldn't be remedied by 1000 hours tomorrow it would be left behind on Oahu.
Taxiing out for takeoff Thursday morning Rick counted the F4s parked on the ready line.  There was only 14.  One lone F4 sat closer to a maintenance hanger and was covered with green fatigue wearing people removing panels.
"They flew in F4 maintenance troops from Beale last night.  They just got here a few ago.  They have 90 minutes to get it airborne.  After that he won't be able to catch up with the 'tail-end-Charlie' tanker."  Col. Jack spoke over the intercom.  "I guess a week or two vacation on Oahu beats flying missions over North Vietnam."
"Think they'll have to wait that long for a west bound tanker, Colonel?"  The navigator asked.  
"It's been known to happen, Nav.  I have no clue to what is coming down the pike.  But they might get lucky and have a tanker passing by out of the blue."


A bit over halfway to Guam the pilot came on the intercom.  "Chief, you want to come up forward and take a look at the hydraulic panel.  I think that we're losing hydraulic fluid.  And I don't think that I'm hallucinating."
"Be right there Colonel Jack.  I'll take a look at the wing as I come forward."
"Good idea, Rick.  It looks like a slow leak right now. and I'll leave the pump on-line for a bit longer.  
Think that it could have been an air bubble?"
"Don't think so, Sir.  We have quite a few hours since we did anything to the hydraulics.
I don't see any red streaks coming out from under the left wing.  But if it's a slow leak it may not be coming out of the wing yet."
When Rick reached the cockpit the pilot motioned for him to come up on his left side so he could see the hydraulic panel.  "It's gone down a skosh since I told you about it."
"Whoa!"  Rick exclaimed as the hydraulic reservoir needle swiveled further towards the low mark.  "I'd shut it down Colonel.  We can still refuel the F4s without that pump.
It looks like something just busted loose and it started to really dump fluid in a hurry.  That's the same pump that we had to replace a rubbed line on a while back."
"We can put the flaps and landing gear down by hand then turn on the pump long enough to lock the gear down if we dont lose all of its fluid..
They refueled the three F4s twice more before the fighters broke off and flew at fighter speed for Guam.
As the tanker started its descent into Guam the Colonel came up on the intercom.  Want to give the Boomer a hand with the gear and flaps Chief?"
"Sure Colonel."
In what seemed a short time the Colonel came back on the intercom.
"Okay.  The chicks have landed on Guam, and I'm going to slow us down and get rid of some more altitude.
You set Boom?"
"Yeah,  I'll have Rick and Leo release the mains while I catch the nose gear.  We can take turns cranking down the flaps as you want them Colonel."
"When we start lowering the flaps, we'll go 5 degrees at a time heading for 20 degrees.  And we'll see how it goes.  If all goes well, we'll drop the landing gear then."
"Gotcha."
"After the gear is down give me full flaps.  Again 5 degrees at a time on my word."  The Colonel ordered.
"Yes Sir.
You ready Rick?"
"Anytime Boom."
Rick felt the tanker give its usual bump as the main landing gear dropped down into the slipstream.
"Main gear doors are clear and the main gears are down, Colonel."  Rick spoke on the intercom.
"Nose gear doors clear and gear down also."  The boom operator spoke from the cockpit.
"Okay, I'm going to pressurize for just a couple of seconds."  The A/C stated.  "Give me a status as quick as you can.  Start with the nose gear Boom."
"Copy, Colonel.
Nose gear down fully and locked, the doors are closed, Sir."
"Rick?"
"Sorry, Colonel.  Both doors up and locked in place.  The right main gear is down fully and locked.  The left main appears to be halfway locked.  The lock is not completely in place."
"That's what I show on the landing gear indicator.  I still have a barber pole for the left main.  Shall we give it another quick jolt, Rick?  It will have to be quick though.  The gauge says that the reservoir is empty.  Or almost."
"Your call, Colonel Jack.  But I'd kind of jerk it off a couple times.  Try two fast ones.  Just long enough for the pump to come on each time."
"Gotcha.  Here goes nothing."
"Fully locked and the doors are closed, Colonel."  Rick exclaimed over the intercom.
"Turning final for a long straight in.  Want to give me full down flaps, guys?"  Colonel Jack asked.


"Hey, Leo.  I'm going to stay on the airplane tonight.  You can either go to the transit barracks or stay on the plane, your choice."
"I'll keep you company."
"Okay.  We can catch a ride to the Club and get some supper in flight suits as long as we go before 1900."
"Hey Chief"  A Buck Sergeant from the hydraulic shop hollered from where he and two other techs were working on 3653's hydraulic system trying to find the leak.  "Want to take a look at this before we fix it?"
Rick climbed up on the maintenance stand and stuck his head into an opening in the underside of the left wing.  After the panel had been removed, the extent of the leak became visible.  Red sticky hydraulic fluid had covered every surface inside the wing around a one inch hydraulic line which ran out of the hydraulic pump into the internal structure of the wing.
"Check out the "B" nut on the inboard end of the line."  The tech said.
"It's loose.  But there's safety wire on it?"  Rick questioned what he was looking at.
"Pull on and move the wire, Sarge."  The hydraulic tech instructed.
"Shit!"  Rick exclaimed as the nut turned when he pulled on the wire.
"The idiot who put the safety wire on the "B" nut missed the notch.  He just ran the wire through the hole on the nut and tightened the wire.  It isn't attached to anything.
When was this line changed do you know, Chief?"
"Yeah."  Rick answered.  "The line had a rub spot on it and we changed it in UT last August.  I'm surprised that it stayed together this long."
"He must have really tightened it up.  But once it started to work loose there was no stopping it.  Anyway, ten minutes and we'll be ready for an engine run to leak check it.
Can you do that Chief?"
"No problem.  We'll top off the hydraulic reservoir and get ready to crank engines so you guys can get off.  Besides, I want to get to the Club for supper."


"How's she look this morning Chief?"  Colonel Jack asked as he stepped off of the crew bus.
"Great Colonel.  We found a "B" nut safety wired wrong.  I ran engines last night.  Bled and topped off the hydraulic system so we shouldn't have any air bubbles or further problems.  Then topped off the fuel load."  Rick added.
"We're going to go straight into Utapao and RON."
"You going to Kadena with us, Colonel?"
"I haven't heard.  That where you're going?"
"That's the plan.  Check in with Young Tiger CP in UT, then go back to Kadena."
"I heard that one of our tankers was requested by Kadena.  I didn't realize it was yours.  I can see why.  Nicest tanker I've flown in a long time.  Definitely the cleanest and best maintained."
"Thanks Colonel.  Even after a leaking hydraulic line?  
I hope that you go to Kadena with us."
Probably not, Rick.  By the way, the leaking hydraulic line doesnt count in my evaluation of your airplane.  The Colonel added with a smile.



SIXTEEN

Rick and Leo stood side by side leaning on the radio console behind the pilot watching the coast of Okinawa coming closer.
"I always do this.  Watch the coast line until I can see the breakers on the coral reefs.  Then they run across the golden sand beaches, and I know I'm here."
"I'm going to miss my wife.  You do know that Rick?"
"Don't worry Rosko, I'll keep you out of trouble.  But try to enjoy your time here.  It's a great vacation spot and the people are absolutely great."
The October sun was still warm without the intensity of the mid-summer sun.  Rick stepped off the crew entry ladder and strolled out to the tip of the right wing.  He stood and inhaled the scent of the ocean and the unique smells of Okinawa.  He opened his flight suit zipper and absorbed more of the suns soothing warmth.
"Hey!  You going to stand there all day dreaming or are you going to get off the ramp?"  Bob Kruse hollered from his pickup.
"Well, well.  Guess who's still on Okinawa.  I thought you would be stateside and in your honey's arms by now Kruse."  Rick smart-assed as the friends met half way between the pickup and 3653.  A rib squashing hug and the two stepped back from each other laughing.
"Good of you to come back Rick.  Sure was quiet on the ramp without you. 
I am for your information."
"You are what?  You are definitely here unless I'm hallucinating."
"In my honey's arms.  Every night in fact."
Cheryl better be here and your not shacked up in the ville."
"I am shacked up in the ville as you so crudely put it."
"Come on, Bob, you wouldn't get so horny that you would cheat on Cheryl.  I know you guys too well to even think that."
"My Friend, you are absolutely correct.  I wouldn't cheat on my sukoshi dark haired wife.  Besides, she's Black Irish and would kill me if I did.  She's been here for two weeks and we are shacked up in the ville.
Don't look at me like that.  Neither one of the three of us is crazy.  At least neither Cheryl nor I though I'm not so sure about you."
Leo stepped off the ladder and started towards where Rick and Bob were standing by the flightline chief's truck.
"Airman 1st Leo Rosko, this is Master Sergeant Robert Kruse who I have had to tolerate for most of my Air Force career."
"My, aren't we getting formal.  Are you going to make the kid salute me?
Leo, glad to know you and don't let this new Staff Sergeant bully you."  Bob offered Leo his hand.
"I know this so called friend of mine has plans for his first night on Okinawa, but my wife and I would be pleased to take you out to a great Okinawan restaurant for dinner, Leo."
Kruse started putting the crew chief's bags in the back of his pickup.  "Where did you guys stay last night?"
We slept on the tanker.  Those UT transit barracks are filthy hooches.  Ive stayed in better ones in Vietnam"  Rick answered.  Lord only knows what kind of critters are crawling around on those bunks.
"Thanks, I'd like to have dinner with you guys."  Leo acknowledged Bob's invitation.
"Good.  I'll pick you up at the transit barracks in about an hour.  Dress is casual civilian.
You headed for Naha, Rick?"
"No. Kim is at the bar waiting for me.  She didn't have any classes today."
"Okay.  You guys have the weekend, or what's left of it, off.  I'll pick you up at the snack bar Monday about noon.  Then after lunch I'll get you checked in.  Leo needs his combat photos taken before he can fly a combat mission and have his flight status records checked.  Since you have flown combat missions on YT before Rick you're all set.
You planning on showing him around on Sunday?"
"Yes, Mother.  Kim and I will meet him whenever he decides to get moving tomorrow morning.  So don't get him drunk or keep him out all night.  And don't let Cheryl flirt with him."
My wife doesn't flirt with young airman."  Bob stated defensively.
"Yeah I know.  Only young sergeants."
"Your the only one she hits on.  Besides, she admits that she loves you."
"I know.  I think it's great because I love her too and if she wasn't married to you, I would have an older girlfriend even if she does have two kids."
"Tell me Bob, how did you get Cheryl and the kids here so fast?"
"I didn't."
"Huh."  Rick looked at his friend in wonder.  "You just said that Cheryl is here. Right?"
"She is.  The kids arent.  We gave them away."
"What the hell?  Stop messing with me."  Rick demanded as he laughed out loud.
"I'm not messing with you.  It would be at least two more months before Cheryl and the kids could get here on my PCS orders.  They would have to wait for housing.  So Cheryl and I decided to sell the kids.  Take the money from the sale, and buy her a plane ticket to Okinawa by way of Japan.  Get an Okinawan rental just like the guys who live with their girlfriends do.  And here she is.  Took less than a week and she was here and we were shacked up in this nice little house with red tile roof, an indoor toilet, western style stove, refrigerator, and shower.  All for $55 a month."
"So who was so stupid as to buy your monsters?  I can't imagine anyone in their right minds would pay good money for those two girls."
"Hey Sergeant, those kids are your Godchildren."
"Yeah, but I'm an agnostic, so who cares?  Who was the sucker?"
"My folks.  The problem though is that I'm not sure we can get them back when we get their orders to come to Kadena.  Their grandparents were too willing to take the beasts.  I'm scared shitless they'll blackmail us down the road sometime."
"I think that they should.  Blackmail you that is.  You should have suspected something when they were so eager to take them off your hands and had them submit to a mental evaluation before you gave the beasts to them."
"You hate my kids."
"No, I love them almost as much as you do which is reason that I should also have a mental evaluation."
Rosko had sat quietly listening until Kruse pulled the truck up to the curb in front of the transit barracks and he was safely on the sidewalk.  "Does this go on all the time?  I mean if it does, maybe I'd be better off on another tanker."  He said with a smile.  
"Your kids aren't here, right Bob?  In other words it's safe to go to your house?"
"Honest, Leo, it is.  Just don't get too close to Cheryl."  Rick quipped before Kruse could answer Leo.
"Jesus, Rick.  Stop telling him things like that.  He'll think we're completely perverted Okies and really sold our kids and Cheryl is a nut case."
"Well, I rest my case."
Rick was out of the truck and taking bags out of the bed of the pickup.
"I'll give you guys a hand and show you to your room.  The flightline is quiet right now and will be for another hour or so."  Kruse said as he started towards the front door of the barracks carrying two of their bags.


Rick showered and shaved.  Put on the pants and one of the shirts that he had bought on his last trip to Okinawa.  In front of the barracks he jumped on the base shuttle bus with full intentions of walking out Gate #2 then down Gate 2 Street to BC Street and the Palms Club Bar.  At the base gate he stayed on the sidewalk, flashed his ID at the air police on duty in the guard shack set in the middle of the gate and kept walking.
"Hey, GI.  You want girlfriend for weekend?"
Rick spun back towards the guard shack.  He knew the voice and happily played her game.  "Sure how much you charge for the whole weekend?"
Standing by the guard shack door, was a lovely Asian woman dressed in a bright green,and brown floral kimono.  Her hair was up as it should be to match the kimono.  But her lovely face that Rick admired was only touched with a bit of subtle red lipstick and a blush of soft pink on her high cheek bones.  An Air Policeman and Okinawan security guard stood next to her laughing.
"For you?  It's already almost dinner time Saturday.  How about I buy you dinner and pay for bus to Nishihara?"  Kim declared in her pseudo-bargirl accent.
No longer able to stand their separation Kim ran across the intervening street in strides restricted by her tight fitting kimono.  She tried to leap into Rick's arms and made it when he lifted her by her hips.  Between kisses barely decipherable words flowed.  "I love you.  I missed you, what took so long for you to get here.  Hold me.  I love you."
They stood in the middle of the sidewalk breathing hard, but not moving, just holding onto each other tightly.
"I think we should go."  Rick said quietly.  "My God!  You are beautiful.  I have never seen you in a kimono before."
"Thank you, My Love.  You are beautiful also.  
I know you haven't.  I wanted today to be special for us."
"How long have you been waiting?"  He asked giving her an extra tight hug before letting her go.
Kim clutched his left hand in both of hers as she hurried to stay up with him.  "Since I watched you land."
Rick stopped walking, turned with a question on his face.
"Honto.  I watched you land."
"How?"
"I took a sukoshi cab to the beach on Highway 1 at the end of the runway.  You showed me where it was.  Remember?"
"And then?"  Rick asked.
"I watched the tankers land.  When I saw your number.  Tail number, neh?  6-3653 neh?  I got another taxi back to Gate 2 Street and waited for you to come to me."
"How did you know when to go to the beach?  We could have got stuck somewhere and not been here until tomorrow or even Monday."
"Oh, I knew.  Last night when I went to bed in Nishihara I knew you would be here today.  When I got up this morning I took my time, had breakfast with Obasan.  Then I soaked in a hot bath.  Picked out the kimono I wanted to wear for you and came to Kadena."
"You are fantastic, Kim.  
How long did you wait on the beach before I landed?"
"Not quite an hour.  
But it took you forever to come out the gate.  Did you take a nap and have a hard time deciding what to wear?"  Kim asked with a broad grin.
"You're picking on my clothes again.  Aren't you?"
"No.  I would never do such an insulting thing."
"You are so full of baloney."
"What do you mean, 'full of baloney'?  I know what baloney that you eat is.  But I'm full of it?"  Kim retorted with a hurt expression on her lovely Asian face.
Rick turned to face her in time to catch the flash of a Cheshire Cat smile across her face.  "You are so smart.  I know damn well that you know more about the English language than I ever will."
"Yes, but I cannot lie to you, or even make fun of you without giving myself away."  Kim snuggled against Rick's side and laid her cheek on his bare arm.
"Shall we stay here or go to Naha for dinner?"
"We are going to have the apartment to ourselves.  My aunt has gone to Nishihara and won't be back before Monday afternoon in time to open the bar.  About once a month she goes and stays with Obasan for the weekend and I have the apartment to myself."
"She's your father's sister right?"
"Yes, his very older sister.  She and my grandmother are very close.  They were children together and went to the same schools."
"One became a teacher and has a very important job in the government, while the other owns a bar?"
"Yes.  Obasan is very rich in culture and friends, but my aunt is very rich in dollars and friends.
Here, this restaurant.  It is very nice but they'll still let you in without a jacket and tie."
"There."
"What?  There?  What does that mean?"
"You're picking on my clothes again."
Kim stopped, turned to Rick and stood on the tip toes of her getas to kiss his lips.  
"Yes.  I did and I am sorry, Rick-san.  I did not mean to do it.  Am I forgiven?"
"Of course you are.  I can't hold a grudge against you for more than 4 or 5 seconds."


As soon as Rick had closed the apartment door, Kim stepped into his arms.  They kissed hungrily and Rick slid his hands down over her obi.  Cupped a cheek of her butt in each hand and drew her into him.
"Here"  Kim pushed Rick back gently, led him into her bedroom.  "Sit here and I will take off my kimono while you watch.  Then we can soak in the hot bath.  I don't know what can happen in there, but we have not been together for a long time.  I want you to do nice things to me."  She leaned down to him and kissed him.
Smiling she stood and slipped the kimono off her shoulders and carefully draped it across the back of a small wooden frame that seem to be made just for that purpose.
She wore an expensive sheer silk juban under her kimono. 
"I'll start filling the bath while you get undressed."  Kim said.
She had left the bathroom door open and Rick walked into the bath area where Kim stood with a washcloth and small bucket in her hands.  
"Squat down and I'll wash your back and show you how we bathe.  Then you can wash my back."
Rick felt the hot water and the firm strong pressure of her hands when she soaped his back and not stopping there, reached around to his chest.  At first he felt embarrassed until she leaned against him gently rubbing her breasts across his back.  Her nipples where hard nubs which folded on his skin as she moved from side to side.  Her hand was hot and soapy while she roughly scrubbed is back and chest. 
"Now it's my turn."  She said as she stood up and started to pour hot water on Rick to rinse off the soap.
"Harder please, Rick.  I will not break nor can you peel off my skin."  Kim asked as she straightened slightly exposing her breasts and stomach.
"Quick, in the bath."  She stood, took his hand and stepped into the bath which came to their neck when they sat side-by-side on the small built-in tile bench.
"Oh, this is as close to heaven as I will ever get."  Rick proclaimed as he stretched out across the tub and put his feet on the opposite bench.  "If I fall to sleep, just hold my head out of the water so I won't drown.  Dozo?"	
"You will do that for me?  Neh?"
"Honto.  Of course."  Rick answered as he looked up and down Kim's nude body.
"What are you looking at?"  Kim giggled as she rolled her hips towards Rick on the narrow bench seat.
"Mmm."  Rick responded and turned a bit towards her
Hot, sweaty and exhausted, the lovers held tightly to each other as they went back into the bedroom and fell across the queen-sized bed.
Rick felt Kim snuggle against his damp body and realized that they were both still naked, chilly, and the sun was just setting.
"Are you awake?  I'm hungry.  Are you?"
Rick rolled onto his back and felt warm and dry.  Under his hand he felt the smooth cotton cover of a futon and Kim's body heat radiated under the warm dry covering.
"I am.  What time is it?"
"3."
"In the morning?"  Rick asked not really sure what Kim had told him, nor sure she wasn't kidding him.  With a sudden burst of energy he raised his left arm and squinted at his watch.
"Damn.  No wonder we're hungry.  Do you have anything to eat in the kitchen?  Or do we have to go out?"
"American snacks.  Cheese, crackers and wine.  And here, some Japanese snacks.  Sushi, dried squid and homemade miso soup."
"You're devious.  You planned out this whole night before I was even on the island."
"Hai.  I did it for you.  And for me so we could have a happy-time on this our first night together again.  I can tell that you are pleased and I hope also hungry.  Are you hungry for food Rick?"
"I can work on my food appetite as long as I don't have any major distractions to give me another kind of appetite."
"Oh.  What would that be?"  Kim asked when she hopped off the bed and held a silk robe in front of her slim, naked body before walking towards the kitchen.  
"I promised Rosko, my new assistant crew chief that I would spend some time with him today showing him the island.  It's his first trip away from his new wife and first trip out of the States.  I would like you to go with us.  If you want."
Kim didn't answer.  
What is that expression for.  Looks like she doesn't want to go with us.
She acted kind of weird that night I brought Bob with me to take her to dinner.  She hardly spoke to him, or as a matter of fact, to me either that night until Bob went back to the base.
"On our first day together?  Can't you do it some other time?  It is not that I don't want to meet him.  I was just counting on having you to myself today."
"Well, let's sleep on it a few more hours and see how you feel about it later.  I want you to meet and know him and thought it would be a good time to do it.  You never did meet Don Naylor and now he has his own tanker and is no longer with me.  But he's still my friend."
Rick went back to bed while Kim was cleaning up the kitchen, but was still awake when she slipped under the covers being careful not to touch him.  She stayed on the edge of her side of the queen-sized bed.  A long arms length away.
Guess that means she isn't going with us.  Strange.  Rick thought as he slipped into sleep.



SEVENTEEN

It was almost 1100 hours when Rick stepped off the base shuttle bus in front of the transit barracks.
When he had woke up to the stillness of Kimiko's apartment less than an hour ago, he read the note she left for him on the kitchen counter near the coffee pot which was ready to put on the stove.  After he turned the burner on under the American made percolator, Rick picked up the note.
"My Love"  The note started.
A good sign.
"I have gone to Nishihara.  Meet me there early enough so we can all have lunch together.  Obasan, my aunt, and of course you and I.
See you shortly.  Kim.
PS:  The bus runs from Koza every 45 minutes to Nishihara.  K.
Well.  Off to the base and Rosko my friend.


"Morning.  Are you ready to explore this gorgeous island?"
"You bet.  Where are we going to start?  Bob said that you know the island better than he does.
Oh, yeah.  Cheryl said to tell you that you're one step from the doghouse and unless I show up for dinner at their place by 1800, with you in tow, that we will both be there together.  And I would hate for that to happen.  She is one hell of a cook."
"That all she said?  For Cheryl, that isn't very much."
"Actually she said a couple of more things but I'm not sure I should repeat them."
"Something like, 'If he wants to get laid, why isn't he here.  He doesn't have to run all over the island for some good loving.'  Am I close?"
"Almost a quote.  I gather you have had this conversation before."
"Several times in our relationship over the past four plus years.  So you won't get the wrong idea, Cheryl would never cheat on Bob.  I have never slept with her.
She's not all talk either, but her terminology is somewhat out of sync with the real world.  I think the semantics of the whole thing confuses her.  Cheryl's idea of she and I making love is to lay together and drinking wine on the couch in the living room, with Bob in his favorite recliner across the room, watching television and drinking wine.  Then when it's bedtime, if I was staying over, she would come into my bedroom after I was in bed, and plant a very sexy, lip smacking kiss on me.  If I was going home, I'd get the same thing just before I went out the front door.
We love each other don't get me wrong, but there is 12 years between them and me."
Rosko shook his head slowly.  "I figured there was something between you all.  I think you guys , all three of you, have a great relationship."
"Where did you get the idea she's a good cook?  I thought that you were going out to eat?"
"I guess that was the plan.  But when Bob and I got to their house Cheryl was cooking dinner.  Or getting ready to.  She actually had some kind of exotic fish from a local store, with rice and three kinds of vegetables."
"You have breakfast, yet."
"Yeah, I walked down to the snack bar for coffee and a roll about nine o'clock.  The roll didn't taste like it looked."
"Different from stateside rolls, huh?"
"Yeah."
"I don't know what that is.  I noticed it all over the island.  They use something different to raise them.  I keep trying to taste yeast only there doesn't seem to be any in them.
Let's go to Naha.  There is some neat places to shop and eat on Kokusai Dori.
Besides there being a coffee house with great atmosphere and coffee."


"Koko, Papa-san." Rick told the taxi driver as they passed the Ryubo Department Store.
"Let's hit Ryubo's first then get some lunch.  I have a friend who runs a coffee house about two blocks back and you can start learning about Japanese food."
"That's what we had last night at Bob and Cheryl's."
"Any resemblance real or not to Japanese food and Cheryl's version of such is strictly stateside cookery.  I'm not putting her cooking down.  But my first meal in LA's J-Town cleared up that question for me.
I think that you might want another short sleeve shirt or two and this is a good place to get them.  Also a pair of lightweight slacks as opposed to blue jeans."
"Now where to, Rick?"  Rosko asked when they came out of the store and onto Kokusai Dori. 
"You called something Kokusai Dori?"
"This is Kokusai Street.  dori is street, hence Kokusai Dori.
Let's go to the left.  Down the hill to the coffee house.  I'm ready for some lunch."
"Yeah, me too.  I don't see a restaurant or coffee shop in this block.  Or even in the next."
"See that small wooden sign in kanji down the block?  That's it."
"Yeah.  Right.  Like what is kanji?"
"Sorry.  Japanese characters.  Their writing."  Rick steered Rosko towards the pipe railing surrounding the stairs which led down into the basement of the building.
"Down the stairs."
The two crew chiefs hesitated when they entered the coffee house's dim interior long enough to take off their sunglasses.
"Konnichi wa, Rick-san."  
Tomi's quiet, soft voice made Rick turn towards the hallway leading to the kitchen.
"Youre back.  When did you come again to Okinawa?"
"Konnichi wa, Tomako-chan.  I flew in yesterday.  Actually late yesterday afternoon.  
How are you and aka-chan?"
"We are well, arigato goziemashita.  And you?  You are okay?"
"Oh, yes.  I am very well, domo Tomi.
This is my new assistant, Leo, Tomi.  He's newly wed and this is his first trip out of the States."
"Then we must treat him nicely and make sure he only learns nice things about my home.  You will be sure to do that, Rick?"  Tomi spoke and stepped close enough to Rick to reach over and take his wrist in her soft hand.  "You would like some binto.  And of course kohi."
"Hai.  I traveled all the way across the Pacific Ocean for a cup of your kohi, Tomi."
"I think that you are pulling my leg.  But that's all right you have a nice sense of humor."
She slid her hand off Rick's wrist and took his hand.  "Your favorite table is empty. 
Maybe we can talk more later?"  Tomi said as she led Rick and Leo towards the back of the coffee house.
She has really blossomed, as Bob would say.  And she is very pregnant.  I wonder when she's due?
"Oh.  Oh!"  Tomi stopped walking, gripped Rick's hand tighter, then relaxed.
"You all right, Tomi?"  Rick looked into her eyes and saw a look of wonder and joy in them, not hurt.
"I'm all right, Rick-san.  He just kicked me and it always surprises me."
Reaching the back table Tomi stood next to Rick.  "Here, he is going to do it again.  Feel him when he kicks."  Tomi placed Rick's hand on her baby stomach and held it firmly against herself.  "There!"
"Yes, strong little kid isn't he?  How do you know he's a he?"
"I don't know as fact.  But I am sure that he is.  My head tells me that he is a he.  Does that sound foolish?"
"No.  I think it is a thing that a mother would have a good chance of knowing.  I just wouldn't want you to be disappointed if he turns out to be a girl."
"Domo arigato, Rick.  That is very nice of you to care that I might be disappointed."  Tomi stood on her toes and gave Rick a soft kiss on his cheek.
"Now, what can I get you to eat.  Here I am talking and showing off and poor Leo must be starving."
I'm not really, Tomi.  Hungry yes, but not starving."
Rick still had his hand on Tomi's stomach when the kicks started again.
"Those are small, gentle love taps compared to before."  Rick said.
"Yes.  I barely felt those.  It is like he is content.  Sometime when I am by myself and laying quietly he moves like that.  It is like he is telling me that he is also relaxed and happy."
"Donburi, kudasai.  Surprise us .  Just make sure that I have a lot of gohon, dozo."
Tomi looked at Rick with some amusement in her eyes.
What?  What did I use the wrong words?"
"No, right words.  Maybe wrong accent and pronunciation."
"Okay, tell me.  Why the look of enjoyment or should I say amusement?"
"The last time that you were here to see me, you hardly knew what neh and hai meant.  Now you are using many Japanese words.  I think that is very nice."
Sheepishly Rick met Tomi's eyes.  "I bought a book in the Kadena Exchange before I left in August so I could learn some words before I came back."
"You knew that you were coming back to Okinawa?  How did you know that?"
"He pulled some strings."  Leo entered the conversation for the first time since they had come into the coffee house.
"Pulled strings?  What does that mean, Leo?"  Tomi asked with a smile on her face.
"Be careful, Rosko.  I have the feeling that shes setting you up.  I think she knows the answer but wants you to tell tales about me."
"You have tales that could be told about you, Rick?"  Tomi asked laughing.  
"I will get your lunch while you figure out what to tell me."
"She's a very nice lady."  Leo said.  "Is she married to an American?"
"The baby's father was American.  Killed in Vietnam before he knew that he was going to be a daddy.  
She's a very nice lady."
"I thought your girlfriend was Kim something or other?"
"She is.  But I met Tomi before Kim and we're just friends."
"Oh.  Would have fooled me."
"Really Leo.  I've only talked to her here in the coffee house.  She manages it for an Okinawan woman.  She has friends who are helping her to get to the states.  A Naval Officer and his wife who knew the baby's dad."
When Tomi brought them each a cup of coffee she set the cups down before standing behind Rick placing a small warm hand on his shoulder.  "Your donburi will be ready shortly.  I took you at your word and told the cook to make something special for you.  I believe that you will like it."
"Arigato, Tomi.  
How come you're working today?  I really didn't expect to see you today.  I was just showing Leo around Naha."
"You remembered that I don't work on Sunday?"
"Well, yeah.  I guess you told me that once."
"That was when?  Three months ago?  Yet you remembered."  Her hand gripped his shoulder a bit tighter.  "That's very nice, Rick."  
She started to turn away as her blush crept up from her neck to her cheeks but Rick caught her hand as it was leaving his shoulder.  She stepped closer and her firm full stomach pressed against his arm and shoulder.
"I cannot get used to sticking out so far.  I keep bumping into things."  She said but made no attempt to step back though her blush increased in volume and color.
"I will get your donburi."  And she turned away letting her hand brush Rick's cheek before she stopped and turned back to him.  "How long will you be on Okinawa?"
"Until the first week of January."
"The baby will be here maybe the second week of December."  Tomi said quietly before she turned and walked back towards the kitchen.
"How long have you been learning Japanese?  Sounds like you can make yourself understood."
"Only in simple phrases.  I can't hold any kind of conversation.  It's fun to learn and try to at least get what I want to buy or eat, or find my way around.
I've had some good teachers also.  Kim and her grandmother are both teachers and have degrees in English."
"I'm impressed, Rick.  I'm also impressed by your friend.  She's a very nice lady.  Ive said that at least twice all ready havent I?"
That was actually the third time, Leo.
Tomi placed their donburi on the small table along with fresh cups of coffee.  "I get bored and tired so I work a bit almost everyday.  Come early to open then go home after lunch.  So you see, if you had come any later you would have missed me." 
"You do look tired, Tomi.  If you want to leave, go.  Don't stay on our account."
"I'm fine, Rick.  But if you don't mind I will sit with you for a few minutes while you eat."  She made eye contact with Rick, smiled then looked to Leo.
"Please, Tomi.  Sit.  I like your company and want to learn more about Okinawa."  Leo answered her non-verbal request.
"What are you feeding us, Tomi?  This isn't like any donburi that I have eaten before."
"It is called Oyako donburi.  Mother and child donburi in English.  It is as you can see chicken with an egg.  Mother and child, neh?
Do you like it?  Leo?  You, Rick?"
Rick had already started to eat with his chopsticks which brought a soft laugh from Tomi.  He took another mouthful of rice and a piece of chicken before saying anything, and trying not to smile through his mouthful.
"What?  Are you laughing at me?"
"Yes, but just a sukoshi.  You are getting better.  And I can tell you are enjoying the donburi.
Leo, I'm sorry.  Let me get you a fork.  You can learn to eat with chopsticks slowly.  It is better that way and I promise not to laugh at you.  Rick is different.  I can laugh at him."
Tomi started to get up, but Rick was already out of his chair and holding her arm.  He headed towards the kitchen.  "I'll get a fork for him, Tomi."
"Have you known Rick very long?"  Tomi asked Leo.
"Really, no.  Only since September when I went to work for him on his tanker.  He's a very good crew chief and teacher."
"You're married.  Must be hard to be away from your wife."
Leo laughed.  "It really is.  We got married in the summer just before I transferred to tankers.  Rick can be considered lucky in some ways."
"Rick isn't married then?"
"No, he isn't."
"We're getting to know each other, and I would like him to be my friend, but I would not want to interfere with a relationship he might have with another woman."
"I wouldn't worry about that, Tomi.  He's a very mature and generous person so he wouldn't get into some complicated relationship.  I know he will be honest with you and I can tell that he considers you a friend and will be careful not to hurt you."
"Thank you Leo."
"Sure Tomi."
Rick handed Leo a fork before sitting back down.  "Here wimp.  I wouldn't want you to go hungry.  Of course you could always eat with your fingers, but I wouldn't want anybody to think that Tomi wouldn't give a customer an eating utensil."
"Gee thanks, Rick.  I'm sure Tomi appreciates your thinking about her business."  Rosko replied with a smile.
"Is he always so mean to you?"  Tomi asked Rosko with a smile.
"Only when he's showing off.  He wouldn't want anyone to think that he's easy.  You know what I mean?  A soft touch."
"Yes, I do understand.  And now I understand Sgt. Davis more than I did before."
"Just what do you mean by that. Tomako Tomanaga?"  Rick asked trying to be serious.
"I am sure that someday you will understand me Rick-san.  
There is my taxi.  Now I must go home and rest."
"You have a private taxi?"
"Oh, yes.  He is my uncle.  Ojisan.  He brings me here in the morning and home in the afternoon.
When will I see you again?"  Tomi asked not addressing either crew chief.
"I don't know our flying schedule yet.  Leo has to do paper work tomorrow.  I will be back though.  And I'll come early when I know that you're here."
"Arigato, Rick.  I'm looking forward to seeing you.  Both."  Tomi said.  The both seemed to be an after thought.


"So Leo, what shall we do now?  Shop some more or go back to the base and take the Kruse twins out to dinner at the Club?  If I don't see Cheryl shortly I am going to be in deep do-do."
"From what I heard last night, you already are.  She was actually ticked a bit because you didn't show up then.  I had the feeling that even though she knew you wanted to see Kim, Cheryl expected you to show up at their place with Kim in tow."
"I'm sure that you're right.  So to Koza we will go and I shall endure my punishment."
"What do you think she will say if she finds out you have two girlfriends?"
"What are you talking about?  Kim is my only girlfriend."
"Okay.  I haven't seen you with her, but I have seen you with Tomi.  You were both flirting with each other and some kind of relationship is growing between you whether either of you know it or not.  
She wanted to know if you were married and whether you had a serious relationship with another woman.  In so many words that is what she asked."
"What did you tell her, Leo?"
"That you weren't married and that I didn't think you had a really serious relationship with any woman.  In so many words."
"I didn't realize that you were a man of so many words, My Friend.  You're right.  If Cheryl figures out that I may be interested in two woman, sleeping with one and the other very pregnant with somebody else's baby I will be in major trouble."
"Cheryl's under the impression that she is going to meet . . . Kim?  That correct?"
Rick nodded in the affirmative and Leo went on.
"That you are going to bring Kim with you tonight."
"Damn."
"What?"
"Kim and I didn't exactly part in great terms this morning.  She left for Nishihara before I woke up and last night I asked her to come with you and I today.  She flat refused.  Actually acted offended that I would expect her to meet you and hang out with us.  Then she left for her home in Nishihara before I was awake and expected me to meet her there before lunch.
I think I'll give her a couple of days then see how she takes an invitation to go someplace with us.  I really like her, but I'm not about to change my whole life and drop my friends because she thinks they are below her.  And I don't know where that thought came from."
"It must be what you have thought about and it's bouncing around in your subconscious."
"Ok Doctor Rosko.  I'll play it by ear and see where we go."


"Let's find Kruse before we do anything else.  He probably knows what is going on with our scheduling and also about dinner tonight."  Rick said as he and Leo stepped off the base shuttle and went across the street towards the flightline snack bar less than a block away.
"He should still be on the flightline for a few more minutes, Leo."  Rick spoke when he picked up the base phone to call job control and have them contact Kruse to meet them at the snack bar.
The crew chiefs had barely started to drink their coffee when Bob came into the snack bar.
"I'm at your beck and call, and I bear good tidings from our leaders above.  In their infinite wisdom, and generosity, they want to be sure you guys get your combat pay and exemption from paying income tax this month.  They haven't been able to schedule 3653 for a combat mission until near the very last of the month, maybe not then.  So to be sure, I talked them into letting you crew a Combat Apple, EC135 on an 8 hour mission tomorrow.
Leo, I have to take you to the photo lab right away and have your portrait taken.  In your flight suit."
"So what is this bit of generosity going to cost us?"
"Nothing, but my charming Irish wife expects to see both of you at the club for dinner at 1900.  And for my safety, you had better be there or she will beat me to a pulp and not cook for at least a week and that is worse than the beating.  She really can't physically hurt me if I keep her away from pots, pans, dishes and knives."
"We have already committed to dinner and we're treating you and Cheryl.   But I have to warn you.  There will only be the two of us.  Rick's love life doesn't seem to be as it appeared earlier."  Leo answered.
Bob looked at Rick with questions in his eyes.
"Kim is acting differently, or I hadn't noticed it before.  She wouldn't go to Naha with Rosko and I today.  And come to think of it, the night that you and I went to dinner with her in Koza, it was like you weren't there.  Just makes me wonder that's all."
"Actually he has an interest in Naha which is raising doubts in his head."  Leo added for Rick.
"Like in the Kokusai Coffee House?  Why does that not surprise me?"  Bob Kruse asked with a knowing look and smile directed at Rick.
"You know about the coffee house connection, Bob?"
"Oh yes.  In fact I introduced them."
"Okay, what time is preflight tomorrow?"  Rick asked.
"Take off is 1000 hours.  You don't have to do the preflight.  The EC's regular crew chiefs will do that.  Just be on the ramp by 0900 and the crew chief will brief you and you can do the walk around with the A/C.
It will be at least an 8 hour flight depending on the weather which sounds like shit."
"Oh great.  What's the forecast?"
"Typical monsoon season.  Low ceilings, lots of rain and big, tall cumulus clouds from the Philippines to about Taiwan.  It will be a fun flight."
"Gee thanks."  Both crew chiefs commented together.
"God, now I have Siamese twins to deal with."



EIGHTEEN

"You're stalling."
"No I'm not.  I just feel the need of some exercise, so I want to walk to the club."
"You're stalling because you don't know what to tell Cheryl.  You're afraid of her."
"I'm not afraid of her.  I just don't want her to get pissed at me or to think I'm not being fair to either myself or the girls."
"Okay.  The club is across the intersection so let's cross.  I'm starving.  Besides I didn't do anything wrong."
"What time is it?"
Laughing, Leo looked at his watch.  "Mine says the same thing yours does.  It's 1920 and we're already 20 minutes late"
How did I ever get in this mess.  I shouldn't have told either of these 'friends' of mine about Kim then Cheryl would never have found out about her and I could pass Tomi off as just a friend.  
She is just a friend.  After all she's as good as married, or at least a new widow.  One whose husband was killed in combat no less.  I'm just being a nice guy who is being nice to a woman who needs a bit of 'nice'.
Jesus, I just used 'nice' three times in one sentence about a very attractive woman who is beginning to turn me on and is making me think about no one else but her.  And she isn't even available.  That Navy Officer friend of hers will probably get me court-martialed if I step out of line with her.  Or her taxi driving uncle will have the Japanese or Okinawan Mafia beat me to a pulp.
"Well, finally Rick Davis.  I think that you have been avoiding me."  Cheryl Kruse squealed as she threw her arms around Rick and kissed him firmly on the lips.  "God, how I've missed you.  If it wasn't for Bob telling me what is going on and covering for you I would think you lost interest in me."
"Cheryl you know that isn't true and I couldn't do that to you.  But I do have a life away from the family."
"Cheryl."  Bob Kruse put his arm around his wife's slim and trim waist and drew her to him.  "Give Rick and Leo a chance to sit down and get a drink before you accost them."
"Yes, you're right Bob, but I worry about these guys and need to touch them to be sure that they're real and here with us."  She reached for Leo while not letting go of Ricks hand and kissed him lightly on the cheek before turning back and kissing Rick again.  
The four friends reached their table and sat with Cheryl across from her husband so she could play footsies with him.  With Rick on one side and Leo on the other, she was happy as she gripped one hand of each friend.  
"Okay, Rick, fess up time.  I've been bullshitted by my darling husband and Leo refused to give me a straight answer about your girlfriends.
"Really Cheryl, is the cowboy language necessary?"  Her husband asked trying to hide the smirk on his face.  He knew his wife well enough to know that she was at least upset with Rick if not downright mad at him for not coming to see her sooner and talking about his encounters as he had always done over the past four years since he became a part of their family.
"Yes, it is necessary.  I'm sorry, but damn, what's going on?"
"I'm ready to have a drink and order some food.  How about you Cheryl?  Can you leave me alone long enough to let me order?"  Rick asked.
"No."  But she smiled and looked at her menu.  "Can I have a C/C and water, Rick?"  She asked with a smile knowing that was what he would order for himself.  "And a small rib steak.  Medium?"
"Yes, My Love."  Rick answered before turning to Bob and meeting his eyes.
Why do you let your wife do this to me?  She plays both of us like a fine tuned violin.  
They smiled at each other both knowing full well what the other man was thinking and also knowing that neither of them could do anything about the little dark haired package of dynamite sitting at the end of the table except to accept and love her.
Until their drinks arrived there was no serious talk from anyone.  As soon as the waitress set their drinks in front of them and silently left them, Rick met Cheryl's glance and both smiled and held their eye contact.  
"I'm sure that you know lots of what I am going to tell you, because your husband cannot keep anything to himself and has told you about everything I've done since I first came to this fabulous island."
Rick told a condensed version of meeting Kimiko on his first trip to Okinawa and how she was waiting for him when he arrived a couple of days ago and admitted that he wanted to see her and spend the night with her on the first night he was back.  But he glazed over his trips to Naha and his budding relationship with Tomako though by the expression on Cheryl's face and a quick glance at Bob told him that she knew more about Tomi than he was telling her.  Bob had obviously told his wife more than Rick was willing to admit.
"When's Tomi's baby due?"  Cheryl asked out of the blue.
How did she know about the baby?  Of course, Bob.  Thank you.  I sure blew that one.  I should have told Cheryl about the baby upfront.
"About the second week of December."
"So you will still be here."  Cheryl made it a flat statement.
"Yeah.  I guess I will.  Why?  What has the baby to do with anything?"
"Just curious.  
Does Kim always expect you to to be where she tells you to be?  I mean, does she sometimes ask you if you would like to go somewhere?  Or do something with friends?"



NINETEEN

ENGINE START!
That was the word that Rick and the rest of the flight crew of Razorback-62 had been waiting for.  The razorback's copilot had been left on radio watch in the cockpit and was now hollering from his side window, "The CP is on the horn,  we're a GO!"
There was a tangle of arms and legs as the flight crew vaulted for the entry ladder.  Rick signaled Rosko to fire up the starter air cart as he snatched his headset from a rung of the ladder a split second before one of the pilot's heavy booted toes came down onto the same ladder rung.
"Clear on four!  You have rotation!"  You have ignition!"  Rick repeated three more times in rapid reverse number sequence as they started each engine. 
Jesus, is it noisy!  Rick thought climbing the crew entry ladder and into the relative quiet of the flight deck.  The cockpit was a welcome relief after the chaotic sounds on the ramp with generators and air carts running full blast and all four of the EC135's engines running.
Rick hurriedly settled himself into the IP's seat behind the pilots while the ground crew waved them out of the revetment and onto the taxi-way behind the 'Follow-Me-Truck.'
Razorback-62 was an EC135.  A KC135 tanker modified into a radio relay aircraft for use in Southeast Asia while maintaining its ability to refuel other aircraft.  Its name came from the scattered array of several razor-blade shaped radio antennas on top of the fuselage.
All four engines were idling in a mellow whine and Rick checked that all the aircraft's systems were in the 'green' while they waited for a C141 which had just landed to clear the active runway.  A misty rain hit the windshield; everyone on the flight deck looked up at the rapidly obscuring sky.  
This is not what Weather had forecast at all the crew chief was thinking,  Rain later in the day yes, but what was all this?  
The increasing wind was pushing fast moving clouds in.  There was no doubt amongst the crew that it would not be long before the sky would be completely obscured in rain and low flying clouds.  There was already some scud clouds amongst the approach lights at the far end of the runway.
At the flight crew briefing just a short time before, the Operations briefer had been a bit ominous with a statement he made.  "We don't expect you will have much radio traffic from the ground, but we're going to have to keep you in the area until at least 1800 hours."  
Then the weather forecast had been typical monsoon season forecast.  All the synopsis and weather maps for the Philippine Sea and South China Sea predicted overcast skies, low ceilings and rain showers.  But the ceilings for the most part were to remain above IFR minimums for the next 24 to 36 hours.  "All of the mainland of Southeast Asia is closed down.  Anderson AFB on Guam, is still open and it is a sure thing to stay that way, at least for the duration of your mission.  Clark AFB in Manilla is still open, but we expect it to go below minimums and close at any time."  The chubby Staff Sergeant from Weather droned on, "There is a major low coming across Typhoon Alley moving NNW at about 20 knots.  We expect it to hit the mainland of Southeast Asia at approximately 1900 hours today.  Definitely no sooner than that."
Rick was lost in his own thoughts about the nasty weather so all he caught over his headset was, "62 cleared for takeoff."
They rolled swiftly out onto runway 23 and the pilot lined the EC on the runway's white painted centerline with the ease of long practice and confidence.  Both pilots pushed hard on their toe brakes as the jet engine's RPMs spooled up  The aircraft strained against the engine's thrust.  There was slight lurch when both pilots released their brakes in unison and pushed their yokes full forward.  62 was finally speeding towards the far end of the runway over 2 1/2 miles away.  The runway marker lights were becoming a blur and Rick heard "V-1!" in his headset then a second later heard "Rotation!"  The nose came up smoothly as in unison each pilot pulled his yoke back.  The thump-thump of the mains slapping the expansion joints in the concrete lessened and then disappeared seconds before the runway approach lights flashed under the heavily loaded EC's belly.
The pilot had transitioned to his flight instruments shortly after he had started his take-off roll.  There was just a short space of misty air between the dark gray, nasty looking East China Sea and the bottom of the black, rain laden clouds.  He started a gentle turn to the left as the clouds pressed against the windows and rolled off the barely visible wingtips.  The rain was streaming across the windshield and the dull drab day on the ground had become instant twilight.
The copilot raised the landing gear handle and the thumps of the main landing gear locking into the up position was followed by the high pitched whine of the hydraulic motors raising the flaps into the wings.  Everybody on the flight deck visibly relaxed when the pilot rolled the EC's wings level and settled down into the climb out to cruise altitude.  The boom operator poured the pilot and navigator a cup of coffee while under the pilot's watchful eye, the copilot flew the aircraft.  Next to Rick the navigator was bent over his radar screen watching their traffic.  A JAL DC-8 had departed from Naha south of them and was climbing almost due north towards Japan.  Across but below the EC's flight path.
While 62 continued to gain altitude there was a definite change in the light outside of the cockpit windows.  It was becoming rapidly brighter and the clouds changed to a blue-gray from the forbidding dark gray that they were moments ago.  The aircraft's nose punched through the top of the clouds at 21,000 feet and the crew found themselves skimming through the tops of the altocumulus while the EC bounced in and out of the bright tropical sun,
Shortly after leveling out at 26,000 feet with the clouds below them rolling to the horizon in all directions, Rick headed for the cargo compartment to escape some of the tedium of the long flight ahead by eating an in-flight box lunch.  He put on his headset.  "Crew Chief is back on."  Then made himself comfortable next to Leo in one of the empty airline type seats in front of an unused radio console before digging out the new paperback novel he had picked up on his way to the flight-line.  Except for the occasional voice of a radio operator, the cargo compartment turned radio room, was a quiet place to relax and read.
The crew chiefs were snapped out of their reverie by the sudden increasing whine of the engines as more power was brought in.  The nose came up a fraction of a second later and the EC started a climb with more power than the normal en route climb demanded.  Rick glanced out the minuscule window in the over-wing hatch as he and Rosko hurried forward to the flight-deck.  Through that restricted viewing port, the small portion of sky that was visible was very black and really ominous looking.  When they entered the flight deck, Rick could see directly through the windshield where the sun was still brilliantly shining above them, but below and on all sides of the EC were huge black, writhing and rolling cumulus clouds.  When he reached the nav's station he checked the altimeters.  Both read barely 32,000 feet and were still slowly creeping upward. Rick caught the Nav's glance who gave a small shrug and rolled his eyes upwards with a small smile on his face.
Rick shook his head slightly and mouthed "fun" in response.
While Razorback 62 and her crew had been moving southward and just as they had entered their racetrack-shaped holding pattern  over the Gulf of Tonkin, off the coast of North Vietnam.  The predicted low pressure area had been moving steadily northward faster than predicted and building in strength.  The tops of its cumulus clouds had grow in proportion to the storm's rapidly building strength.
They revolved back to the west side of the racetrack orbit on a southerly heading only to find that the tops of the cumulus clouds had grown considerably since their last orbit forcing the pilot to put the EC into a staggering climb for 34,000 feet to get over the group of menacing cumulus blocking their track.  In front of them, more cumulus were building and although 62 was well above them for the moment, no one could say for sure how long they would remain above them.  The fuel heavy aircraft would climb no higher until a lot more JP-4 was burned out of her tanks.
As a consequence of Mother Nature's show of power, 62's crew was sure that they were the only lunatics flying anywhere in Southeast Asia.  There seemed to be nothing going on but the rains and wind.  As no peace conference in Paris could, the monsoon had brought most of the war machinery on the ground to a grinding halt and for all intents and purposes the radios in the cargo compartment were silent.
Shortly after climbing to their maximum altitude, the pilot sent a message to the command post on Okinawa advising them of the weather that 62 was encountering and the lack of radio traffic in hopes that the CP would order them to return to Kadena or at least move further north, away from the troublesome low pressure area.
The answer came back rapidly.  It said in plain language, 'Stay put, maintain your station, but climb at your discretion.'
The attitude change on the flight deck was obvious.  The easy small talk over the intercom ceased.  The  young copilot's quick smile changed to tight lipped scowl and the pilot's usually smooth and youthful face was pulled up into a frown while he alternately scanned the altimeters and the fuel gauges as he was willing the still fuel heavy EC to climb.
After burning off three more hours of JP-4, the EC had struggled up to and barely grazing 40,000 feet and were again starting to punch through the tops of the still growing cumulus.  The EC had slowly gained altitude, but it was slow going to reach her maximum altitude of 44,000 feet and the black menacing and ice-laden clouds continued to build faster than 62 was gaining the needed, remaining altitude 
In less than 30 minutes, the pilot could no longer maintain their racetrack orbit.  He was rolling up into 30 degree banks, the steepest bank the delicate radio equipment in the cargo compartment could handle, in an attempt to avoid the more deadly looking tops.  
A second, more terse message was fired off to Okinawa.  This time the pilot requested that 62 be allowed to leave station, head northeast away from the building low pressure area before turning north to Okinawa and home.  Rick watched everybody start to get uptight again as they waited for the CP on Okinawa to come to their relief.  The nav was monitoring the radio, intent on catching their call sign.  The copilot was sipping one of his many cups of water while he tried to chew a dry sandwich from his in-flight box lunch.  The pilot was a study of concentration as he was planning his moves as far ahead as he could see in an attempt to at least miss the worst of the growing cumulus clouds.  At the same time, he was edging 62 a little higher as each pound of JP-4 burned off.  All the time he was wagering a losing battle trying to maintain the orbit that had been assigned to them.  On the other hand there was the boom operator.  He was no longer bouncing around as his usual energetic self.  The 'turkey' was stretched out on his seat, feet propped up on the sexton stool and with an expression of complete trust on his face.  He was sound asleep.
An enlightening, but none the less disappointing message was received from the Kadena CP.  Now 62's crew knew why they were still there and that their flight was not a completely stupid and illogical thing to be doing, orbiting over still growing cumulus clouds in a huge area of low pressure off of the coast of North Vietnam for no good conceivable reason.  Later in the afternoon, from somewhere to the west and slightly north of them, another type of EC135 on a completely different kind of mission, would be flying towards them and like 62, he would turn north for Okinawa after crossing over the coast of North Vietnam.  62's mission was to play interceptor with the weather for the 'hog-nose' EC by sending weather updates to assure him and the CP on Okinawa that the front door would not slam in his face since the 'hog-nose' was now committed to a flight north away from the worst of the storm and the relative safety of the South China Sea and 62 was also available if the 'hog nose' ran low on fuel and needed a gas station in a hurry as well as to relay radio transmissions should he have trouble communicating with Okinawa.  They had a coast crossing ETA for the other EC of about 1745 hours Okinawa time.  Everyone on the flight deck hoped it would be then or sooner since three more hours of flying time would be drastically eating into their fuel reserves.
The message also removed all requirements to maintain a specific orbit.  To the crew of 62 the simple phrase 'fly at will' made the whole mission easier to handle.  Command post gave them the latitudes and longitudes of a huge block of air space to hold position in that made the only restrictions the lack of altitude, which would improve slightly and the maximum banks that the radio consoles could take before they would come crashing down onto the cargo compartment deck.
Having been relieved of maintaining any semblance of an orbit, the pilot freely rolled 62 up into a turn to avoid a top that minutes before they would have to penetrate adding more ice to the thin layer that was cracking and flaking from 62's skin.  From now on the pilots would fly visually and let the navigator worry about their position.  They dodged around gigantic mountain tops, cruised up dark walled canyons, skimmed the tops of monstrous white crowned buttes and always scratching for more altitude.  After four hours on station, they had crept up to 43,000 feet.  The tops were still growing around them and becoming more intimidating as time went on. The black canyons of clouds that they had easily flown up around and back down a short while before were becoming deeper, darker and narrower.
The click of the intercom caught the crew chief's attention when the navigator spoke, "I just cranked the radar up as high as will go at 66,000 feet and I don't think that its hitting the tops of these clouds.  I'm guessing, but I think the tops are over 80,000 feet. The last I knew a 135 wouldn't climb that high.  Just thought you guys would be interested in that little tidbit of knowledge."
"Smart ass", came back softly through Rick's headset.
The tension on the flight-deck built some more as the fuel gages read lower and lower and the engines consumption started to eat into their reserves.  The situation had reversed itself.  No longer did they want to burn off JP4 to gain altitude.  They now needed to cut back on fuel consumption to make it back to Okinawa.  
The Razorback had reached her max ceiling of 44,000 feet and would climb no higher.  They were trapped in an endless maze of towering pink mountains and majestic blue-black buttes.  They could no longer reach the northern end of their block to break out into the clear for a temporary respite.  The weather had flanked them in that direction also.  No longer was the sun warm and friendly, it had settled in the west, behind the highest tops and more and more the EC was plunged into the gloomy, dull blue gray shadows that the giant cumulus were creating.
At 1730 hours the word reached them.  The hog-nosed EC had crossed the coast safely.  She had turned north and was highballing it for Kadena with fuel to spare. 
"I've got it!"  came over intercom.  The copilot relinquished his controls when the pilot spoke.  Immediately 62 started into a 30 degree bank to the right and 180 degrees around a huge cumulus towering thousands of feet above them. He rolled them out of a northerly heading going up another canyon and then twisted and turned them working the EC northeastward, away from the threatening, ice-laden clouds and brought them closer to home with each twist.
In a little over an hour and in the feeble light of a pale half moon, Rick saw the clouds laid out below them in a dark blue and black rippled surfaced carpet.  The altimeters still read 44,000 feet to conserve their fast dwindling fuel reserves while they too were highballing it for Okinawa and home.
This time it was the power coming off that brought Rick out of his book.  He looked with question at Leo who was half asleep in the airline seat next to him.  
A shrug of his shoulders as Leo mouthed "Home".
The nose went down when the copilot brought up 10 degrees of spoilers and 62 started her descent for a long 'straight-in' ILS approach to runway 5.  The wind had turned over 180 degrees since they had departed earlier in the day.  
The fuel totalizer read 2800 pounds, give or take 4%, remaining in the tanks.  That was just over 400 gallons of the almost 27,000 gallons of JP-4 that they took-off with earlier in the day.  There was just enough JP-4 left for one approach.  After that all they could do was hope.
The pilot was intent on the flight instruments when the EC charged down into the cloud bank.  The rain came sparingly at first, but as they penetrated into the storm's belly it increased into a torrential downpour.  The EC's tail started sidestepping in swift hard jabs when the cross winds slammed the tall vertical stabilizer.  After a couple of solid bumps, everyone was grabbing and locking seat-belts and shoulder harnesses.  The buffeting increased as the pilots slid the EC down the electronic chute towards the distant and still hidden runway.
The pilot with help from the autopilot was busy keeping the bucking and sidestepping 135 on the glide path.  The rest of the crew was straining to look through the streaming rain which was whipping across the windshield, trying to be the first to spot the 'rabbit' running down the approach lights.
"I have the rabbit".  hollered the eagle-eyed copilot before Rick spotted the ball of white light as it jumped from one set of approach lights to the next.
The red approach end runway marker lights quickly followed the 'rabbit', then a wet 'twippp' and solid thump of the mains coming down onto the rain blackened concrete.  The pilot keyed his mike while the engines spooled down to a mellow purr and he settled the nose gear gently onto the white paint of the runway's centerline.  With a soft chuckle he challenged the copilot,  "First turn off?"
With a shy grin the copilot's left hand shot for the spoiler's handle.  The pilot gave a slight affirmative nod and the handle was pushed full forward into the full up detent.  Both pilots braked hard.  The EC's nose dipped towards the runway and the nav grabbed the edge of his side facing table.  The speed dropped and with a good natured shake of his head started to retrieve the papers that had slid off his table.
The pilot brought the aircraft to a stop on the taxi-way short of the first line of revetments.  With a gloved finger he pointed towards the windshield.  In front of them being pushed into the first revetment with the rain streaming off of its black, drooping bulbous nose was the other EC load of lunatics.


The flightline chief's pickup pulled up next to the flight crew bus just before Rick and Leo climbed aboard the bus with the flight crew.
"You two want a ride to your barracks."  Bob Kruse hollered at them.
"That would be nice."  Rick answered.  
When he started down the ramp, Kruse asked, "Did you enjoy your ride today?  Nice evening for a quiet flight down and back up the South China Sea I would think."
"When was the last time you flew on a tanker mission Kruse?  Certainly not since you have been on Okinawa."
"As a matter of fact, I went last summer on a typhoon evacuation to Japan."
"Oh?  That must have been exciting?  Did you get the tanker wet in the rain?"
"If I remember correctly we parked our tanker in Yokota and then had a nice sunny three day R&R in Tokyo."
"Some people have all the luck don't you think Rick?"  Leo asked.  "If we were aboard 3653 I'm sure we would not had to have dealt with such lousy weather."
"I guess it wasn't such a fun trip, huh guys?"
"It wasn't too awful bad, Bob.  Boring for hours punctuated by minutes of worrisome thoughts wondering if the beastly EC would climb over the next bunch of cumulus clouds."  
"Actually it was kind of fun.  Don't you think so Rick?"
"Got to admit it was an experience.
Let's get changed and go get some chow."
"Where in hell did you pick-up that sailor talk, Rick?"  Bob asked when he stopped at the transit barracks.
"I meant to ask you, Bob.  How come you're working so late?  You should be home with your little Black Irish honey not traipsing around Kadena's ramps in the rainy dark."
"My honey said not to come home until I had her two boyfriends accounted for and home for dinner.  
Meet us at the house in an hour.  
No longer.  Because she is going to keep worrying until she sees you both with her own two eyes.
I don't know how she knows, or hears when a trip is getting a bit hairy, but that is why I gave up flying.  She worried too much."


"She's not Irish."  Leo said.
"What?"
"I said that Cheryl isn't Irish.  Why do you guys keep calling her Black Irish?  I only spent one evening with her and could tell that she's not only not Black Irish, she isn't even Irish."  Leo said as the crew chiefs went up the stairs to their room in the transit barracks.
"Actually, she started it.  About four years ago right after I met them and started to hang around with them.  She and Bob were kidding around.  The girls had been acting up all day and so Cheryl threatened to send them to Parochial School.  Bob thought that was a bit extreme and said so.  Cheryl said that not only was she Catholic, she was Irish and wanted her daughters to have a good Catholic upbringing.  Bob laughed at her and told her, 'right, you have brown eyes and dark brown hair so you're Black Irish.  You're not even Catholic.'
"That's where it came from?  From a hollow threat to the girls?"
"You got it.  I doubt if either of them know or care what either of their ancestry is.  I have never heard anything from either of them except when Cheryl gets ticked at Bob she becomes Black Irish and to quote her,  "I'm Black Irish with the temper to match.  So don't mess with me."
They are a cute couple aren't they?"
"I don't think that I've ever know a couple more suited and devoted to each other as they are, Leo."
"What are you going to say about your women?  Sounds to me like Cheryl will be upset though she doesn't know either of them."
"It isn't them that she worries about.  She worries about me.  Whenever I got a girlfriend she wanted to know all about her and wanted to make sure I didn't get hurt.  
I'm used to her.  Had four years to learn how to talk to her.
But."  Rick hesitated.  "She won't really be happy until she meets one or both of them so she can pass judgement."
"I don't think that you're ready for her to meet Tomi.  You hardly know Tomi and I don't hear you jumping into a relationship with her besides visiting and talking in the coffee house."
"You're pretty smart and observant for a kid.  And the scary part is you're absolutely correct.  Tomi is just a nice lady who I enjoy talking to."
"Sure.  That's what Tomi is.  I've listened to you dancing around her at dinner last night.  Never really said much about her to give Cheryl a chance to zero in on how you feel about her.  But I can tell you one thing."
"And what is that, my Friend?"
"Cheryl is already wise to Kimiko and the less said about her the better off you will be.  I think you should let her meet Tomi though.  That will get her off the attack plan that is brewing in her head about Kim."
"I think you have a point.  But you changed your mind from a minute ago?  About Cheryl meeting Tomi?"
"Yeah.  I think so.  Doesn't it make sense?  She isn't going to give you any peace until she meets one or both of them."
Not a bad idea.  I'd like to know what Cheryl thinks of Tomi and if she thinks she is ready for any kind of relationship with another man.
Damn.  I'm thinking too much about Tomi and letting my imagination get ahead of me.  I really doubt if she has any thoughts of being anything but platonic friends.  Someone her own age and who lived and thinks about life like the baby's father. 



TWENTY

3653 and her crew chiefs were gone for three and a half days on first a combat air patrol mission as a flying gas station for a mission to locate a downed aircraft between Khe Sanh and the DMZ.  They refueled several fighters before returning to Kadena low on fuel and the crew running out of flying time.  The following morning they departed Kadena to fly a round robin courier flight to UT and Guam with a different flight crew.
Dragging off the flightline dog tired after landing in the wee hours of Saturday morning Rick took his tanker's forms in to schedule some needed maintenance at job control.  He was surprised to find a note from Bob Kruse waiting for him.
"Sorry you missed your birthday party.  Cheryl said that the bottle of wine we bought for you was really great though after drinking two thirds of it she was hung over in the morning.
You guys will have several days of downtime.  So far your next scheduled mission isn't until Wednesday.  Two weeks of strip alert at beautiful tropical Anderson AFB on Guam.  
Isn't that great?
So Cheryl wants to go to Naha with you to discover what attracts you so much.  Since I have to work all weekend, you my friend, are on your own.
Recover quickly.  Her plan is to catch a bus about 1100 hours on Sunday morning.  Oh yeah!  That's tomorrow morning.
Meet her at the house about then.
An edict from her Royal Highness.
Cheerio for now.  
Cheryl sends her love."  Was added as an after thought.
Rick handed the note to Leo.  "I'm going to take a shower and get a layer of Thailand sludge off me.  Then I'll think about all this as I cozy up with my pillow for about 8 hours."


"You aren't going with us are you?"
"No.  I am not.  Nowhere in that note did I see the name Leo Rosko, Leo, or even plain old Rosko appear.  
Besides, I'm going over to the MARS station and try to call my loving wife.  If I don't talk to her in the next 12 hours I'm going to go through major withdrawal and try to stowaway on a CONUS bound aircraft.  Maybe I'll steal a Piper Cub from the aero club and see how far I can get."
"Can you fly an airplane?"
"Well, no.  But I'll try anything right now."
"I suggest that you stick to the MARS station and be satisfied with an audio visit."
"Yeah but the military won't let us talk dirty."
"God, you're really fussy.  Go take a cold shower.
I'll see you later.  I'm out of here and going to meet my fate and take my medicine like a good little boy.  And any other cliches I can think of."


Rick was sure that he and Cheryl would have a good visit today.  The bus trip into Naha by way of the East shore and Nishihara was relaxing even when he pointed out Kimiko's home when they transferred buses in Nishihara.
"This is Shuri Gate.  It was the entrance to Shuri Castle which is no longer here.  The US Military had to destroy it during the invasion because the Japanese Navy had put their command headquarters underneath it."
"What are those buildings over there?"  Cheryl asked Rick.
"That's the University of the Ryukyus."
"That's where your friend Kim goes to school?"
"Yeah and her grandmother teaches English there part time."
"Very educated women.  Surprises me."
"What do you mean by that, My Love?"
"I guess nothing."  Cheryl answered as she looked Rick in the eye and seem to be appraising his reaction.
"Let's walk down the hill to Kokusai Dori.  It's a nice walk and you can get another view of Okinawan life."
"Sounds good to me."  She answered as she reached for Rick's hand and they started walking.  "It's really clean.  The streets and yards.  You can tell that not everyone has a lot of money, but it doesn't stop them from taking care of what they have."
Since they both had had a late breakfast they were in no hurry to get lunch.  Also Rick was hoping to postpone having Cheryl and Tomi meet.
I doubt if Tomi will be around much after noontime.  We can stop at Ryubo's and a couple of souvenir shops and that will give Tomi enough time to go home. 
'Where is the coffee shop that Bob told me about that you guys like to go to?  I'm ready for some lunch and a chance to set my weary bones down."
"Weary bones?  Jesus Cheryl, that makes you sound 80 years old or like a 30 year old Okie."
"I may not be Irish, but I'm not 80 nor am I an Okie either I'll have you know.  Now show some respect for an older woman and mother of two hellions and feed me.  Take me to the coffee house."
"Yes, My Dear.  This way about a block."
Oh shit!  She's not going to let up
It's after 1 o'clock. Maybe Tomi has gone home.  I can hope anyway.
Older woman my butt.  She has the body of a twenty year old and the endurance of an athlete.  Those tight jeans aren't really necessary but are nice to look at.  Cool your jets, Rick.  She's your best friend's wife and is also a best friend.  Not a lover.
Rick took Cheryl's hand and led her around the iron rail and started down the stairs.
"You'll want to take off your shades before we go in the door.  It's really dark and cool in there."


"Konnichi wa, Rick-san."  
Good, I think.  Michako is here.  So Tomi must have gone home already.  She remembers my name?  I've never talked to her and she was only here the last time I was here.
"Would you and your friend like to eat?"
"Dozo, Michako."
Cheryl and Rick followed the petite girl to the table where Tomi usually put him.
"Who is she?  She isn't pregnant."  Cheryl whispered in Rick's ear being careful that Michako couldnt hear her.
"She's a receptionist and waitress.  She seems to fill-in when Tomi isn't here."
"So I'm not going to get to meet the pregnant lady who has enchanted my husband and his best friend?"
"I guess that's so.  I don't see the Enchantress here at the moment.  She must have gone home."
"You would like kohi?"  Michako asked as she seated them and laid two of the coffee houses half page menus on the table.
"I will be back shortly."  She added as she turned and started back towards the front of the coffee house.
"I have to say, this is a very nice place, Rick.  Especially to take a girlfriend.  Or meet one."  She added with a smile.  "What's good to eat here."
"It's a coffee house and you can see the menu is limited, but their specialty is donburi.  I don't think that you can go wrong there.  Or if the cook is in a creative mood fried rice is always safe."
"Now, who is this very pretty lady carrying coffee and coming this way?
Would she be Tomako?
My God Rick.  You are blushing redder than I have ever seen you do before in the four years of our affair."
"Oh shut up Cheryl.  Yes, that's Tomi."
"You must be Tomako."  Cheryl stated as Tomi set their coffee cups in front of them.  "I'm Cheryl.  Rick's friend, Bob's wife.
My . . .  you are as pretty as my men said you were.  And I'm managing to embarrass both of you."
The two petite and dark haired women made eye contact and smiled simultaneously.  One has big round dark brown eyes with tanned skin.  The other has a tiny bit of Asian fold on her dark brown almond eyes with golden skin.
Konnichi wa Cheryl.  I'm glad to meet any friend of Rick's."  She bowed slightly still making eye contact with Cheryl.
Damn.  They already like each other.  How do they do it?
"Konnichi wa, Rick.  Michako told me you were here.  I was catching up on paperwork before I went home.  Now I am glad that I decided to do it today instead of finishing it yesterday afternoon."
"Please Tomi, sit down?"  Cheryl asked.
"Domo, but first I will tell the cook to fix us some lunch.  He made yakasoba today.  Do you like it, Cheryl?  I know that Rick will try it if he hasn't already tried it someplace else."
"Please, that would be fine for both of us, Tomi."  Rick answered for them both.
Tomi moved around to his side of the table and laid a small hand lightly on his shoulder.  
"You have been flying this week?  You look tired."
"Actually several days days.  Started Monday just had Tuesday off then flew all day on every day the rest of the week until late last night."
"You flew in that terrible weather?"  She asked with concern in her voice before placing her free hand on her baby belly and smiling.
"How are you?  And the aka-chan?"  He asked her.
"He is resting right now I think.  He was kicking earlier just like you felt before.  I will get our lunch started.  I will join you if you do not mind, Cheryl?"
"I don't mind at all Tomi.  Please.
Just like you felt before?"  Cheryl asked raising her eyebrows after Tomi was part way to the kitchen.
"Yes."
"What do you feel about her, Rick?"
"She's a friend.  Oh, come on, Cheryl.  She's carrying another man's child.  A man who has been dead for barely 4 or 5 months.  And from all I have heard and can see, she loved him very much."
"I don't doubt any of that.  I'm just observing and voicing my questions.  That's all.
You flew in that terrible weather?"  Cheryl quoted Tomi with a concerned look which quickly turned into a full smile.  Right!


There was no doubt that the three who had been virtual strangers a couple of hours previously were becoming firm friends and were discovering similar interests and opinions about life.
"Where is your taxi driver, Tomi?"
"He is spending the day with a friend.  Actually, the woman he lives with.  They have been together for many years.
I will take a taxi shortly.  I did come in late so it has not been so long a day.  
And I have so much liked being with you and Cheryl, Rick.  We talk of many things that I have not talked about for a long time."  Tomi brushed a tear from the corner of each eye as she turned away from her new friends.
"Excuse me.  Sometimes memories come when I do not expect them.
Here Rick, my son is getting restless."  Tomi took Rick's hand and placed it on her stomach.
"I must go home now.  It is his way of telling me that I must rest.  Though I have only been sitting all day."
"Come on.  We'll put you in a taxi.  Do you want us to go with you"  Cheryl asked with some anxiety in her voice.
"Oh domo, I will be all right.  When will I see you again Rick-san?'
"I'll be gone for two weeks starting Wednesday.  Leo and I are taking the tanker to Guam."
Rick felt the quick sharp pain on his ankle bone and turned quickly to Cheryl trying to figure out why she had kicked him. 
His look of wonder and question disappeared when she mouthed 'TOMORROW' soundlessly.
He was smart enough to pickup quickly on Cheryl's message before she could land another hint on his ankle.  "Why don't I come by tomorrow and take you out for lunch.  I know the food here is great, but a different restaurant would be nice.  You pick."
"That would be very nice.  Dozo, Rick.  I will look forward to it.  I'll have Michako work all day and I will take the whole day off for some . . . R & R?  That is what the GIs call it, neh?"
"It's a date then.  11 o'clock?  Here?"
"Do you know Shuri Gate?  Up on the hill by the university?"
"Sure, Cheryl and I walked down from there today."
"I would like to meet there."
"Okay.  I'll be there."
"I have been trying to walk some every day and I like to go to Shuri but sometimes it is too much for me to walk up the hill.  But I can always walk down the hill even with my big belly.
Cheryl, please come back soon."
"I promise, I will.  Then you can teach me more about Okinawa and its people.  Thank you Tomi.  I'll come after Rick leaves for Guam."


"Well my Dear Friend, I can no longer call you my lover.  Nor can we make out on the couch or have sexy good night kisses."
"What are you talking about, Cheryl.  Bob isn't getting upset after all this time is he?  Besides, you started it over four years ago."
"No, Bob still knows where we're coming from.  Yes I did start it, and yes, I'm ending it."
Rick looked at her, made eye contact with a huge question on his face.
"My God, Rick.  You would be one lousy poker player.  You put your whole life on your face.
I still love you.  But I am no longer the number one woman in your life, nor the only one who really loves you."
"Will you please stop talking in riddles Cheryl."  Rick pleaded as they walked up Kokusai Dori towards the Shuri Gate.
"Are you so obtuse that you can't see what is apparent to everybody around you?
The fire between you and Tomako burns everybody around you.  You don't feel it?"
"I feel a connection, as friends not lovers."
"You are that obtuse."  She stated boldly.  "You are big time in love with her.  She loves you, maybe not jumping in bed type yet.  But you are giving her the companionship and support that she needs as a single mom and a girl who has lost the first real love of her life.  Take my word for it Rick.  Take your time, be her friend and you will enjoy life and she will have a good chance at a decent birth experience and in a while she will know you are the man for her and will want you in her bed.
I know that you don't take a relationship lightly and have never been a man to jump into bed just for the sex.  You have to have feelings for a woman and get vibes from her that she also likes you and wants more than $2.00 or dinner or a guy to feed her ego."
They reached Shuri Gate and stood under it looking off towards Naha.  
In his mind Rick could see Tomi walking up Kokusai Dori.  She had a flat belly, a soft smile and was holding the hand of a toddler who was laughing as he looked up at his mother and the man who was holding her hand.
"What about Kim and my relationship with her?  I care for her and we've slept together."
"I don't know her, only what Bob, Leo and you have told me about her.  So I won't really pass any opinion about her.  But I know you very well and I think that you should think a lot about what she means to you and what you mean to her.
I don't think that you should compare Tomi and Kim.  God no!  Don't do that.  Accept Tomi for the loving, giving and kind person she is.  No questions asked or needed.
Think hard about your relationship with Kim.  How you met.  What your time together has been like.  Where you think the relationship can go."
"Let's go back to Kadena.  Find your crazy husband and go the the NCO Club and get quietly drunk."



TWENTY-ONE

He felt relaxed, the result of a good nights sleep and lack of anxiety.  He was looking forward to being with Tomako and having her to himself for however long they were to spend together.  He took a sukoshi cab to Kokusai Dori and since it was not yet 11 o'clock decided to walk from Ryubo's department store up the hill to the Shuri Gate.
When Rick approached the gate he was watching for Tomi in the area of the gate but didn't see her.  Taking a few steps away from the gate and when he looked towards the university campus he saw Tomi coming towards him.
"Ohayo gozaimasu Rick-chan.  Having you been waiting long?"  Her smile was wide and welcoming as she moved slowly towards him in her pregnant woman gait.
"Ohayo gozaimasu Tomako-chan.  Only a minute.  I walked up from the department store."
"I cheated.  My taxi brought me up the hill.  You look very well today.  Not as tired as you looked yesterday.  Tomi stepped up to Rick, reached for his arm and stretched up towards him.
Without a thought, Rick bent to her waiting lips and they exchanged a short, but warm kiss on the lips.
"How's the kid this morning?"
With a laugh she smiled up at him and still hanging onto his arm asked.  "Isn't that a baby goat?"
"Yeah.  But it's common slang for an American child.  Actually, any child and a child is any person younger than yourself."
"So I can call you a kid since you are younger than I am, neh?"  She asked letting her hand slid down his arm so she could grasp his hand.
"Whoa.  By whose count are you older than I am?"
"You just turned 32 last week."
"How do you know that?"
"I am correct, neh?"
"Well, yes.  But how did you know?"
"Which date last week?"  She asked as she led him slowly back down the sidewalk towards Kokusai Dori.
"The 20th.  Last Friday.  I was flying back from Guam.  How do you know all this?
And how old are you?  No making up numbers now.  The truth."
"I won't make it up.  I was 38 on the first day of October.  Cheryl told me how old you were yesterday, but I was afraid to ask her when your birthday was. She is a very nice person.  I like her very much and she loves you."
"She thinks that you are great also, and wants to get to know you better."
"Are you hungry?  Do we have to hurry to eat?"
"Heck no.  It's up to you my sukoshi tomodachi.  
Why were you at the university?  If I can be nosey?"
"Yes, you can be nosey.  I went to get a schedule and to find out what classes I would be able to take after Brad is born."
"I thought that you were going to go to the States after the baby. . . . Brad he's going to be?"
"After his father.  Is that all right?"
"Why ask me?  You don't need permission from anybody what you name your baby."
"No, I don't have to ask permission, but I want to have you tell me if it is acceptable or not and if you like it."
"I think that it's a great idea.  I can't think of any reason why it wouldn't be acceptable to anybody.
What about your American Navy friends?  Do they approve?"
"I never asked them"  I asked you first before anyone.  That was all right, neh?"
"Yes.  Yes it's quite all right."
"I'm not in a hurry to go to the States.  Maybe when Brad is older and ready to start school.  By then I will have gotten more education here and get a position so I can support my child . . . kid, by myself."  She said with a small laugh.
"I have a very serious question."
"Dozo.  Nan desu ka?"
"What if it is a girl?"
"Iie.  He is a boy.  And if he should not be, she will have to live with his name.
There is a song of Johnny Cash's about A BOY CALLED SUE, is there not?
So a girl called Brad will be okay?"  Tomi said as she laughed and stuck out her tongue at Rick.
"You should not argue with a pregnant woman about what sex her child is going to be.  We get very emotional."
"You don't seem to be very emotional to me."  He said when he put his arm across her shoulders and Tomi stepped closer to him.  "You're more of a smart ass with a great sense of humor."
"Thank you, Rick."  She slipped her arm around Rick's waist and pulled herself against him.  
"For what?"
"For making me laugh.  I have not laughed very much for many months until yesterday.  And now today.  Thank you."  She reached a hand up to his cheek and tenderly caressed his cheek. 
They walked in silence for several minutes with Tomi setting the pace.  She stopped, turned to him and looked him in the eyes.  Her stomach was pressing against him.  
"What?  You all right?"
"Hai.  I am very much all right.  Do you feel as I do?  To be together without feeling the need to talk.  To always be making conversation?  I just feel good when you are with me."
"Your right.  It is nice.  But I also want to not just know, but to feel you near me.  Touching, holding hands."  Rick said quietly and a bit unsure of himself.
Tomi tugged his hand gently and started walking again.  "Yes.  I need to feel your warmth also."  She said swinging her hand up that was holding tightly onto his hand.
"Here.  I think this is the best restaurant on Kokusai Dori.  In Naha.  Maybe even on all of Okinawa.  They have private tatami rooms.  Can we eat here?  In a tatami room?"
"As you please, Tomako-chan."  Rick answered and felt her squeeze his hand and keep a tight hold on it when the entered the quiet, softly lit restaurant.
"I know these people and have been here many times, but I have never come in here with a man."
"Do you want to do this?  We can go somewhere else."
"No.  I want to show you how nice it is and how nice the Okinawan people are."
"Did you mean with an American?"
"No, I meant a man.  As opposite a woman."  She said softly and starting to laugh.  
"What are you laughing at?"
"I am a very pregnant woman, with a huge belly full of baby and I'm worried what people will think about me if they see me with a man they do not know?
Can you see me as a seductive woman trying to catch a man or going with many men?"
Rick smiled then laughed quietly.  "Don't put yourself down or belittle yourself, Tomi.  Even with a huge stomach full of baby, you are a very beautiful woman who is very sexy and seductive."
Rick helped Tomi get comfortable with extra pillows before sitting down on the opposite side of the low lacquerware table.  
"You okay?  Have enough pillows?"
"Domo arigato Rick.  I am quite fine and comfortable.
I wish to order our food.  I want you to try some of the dishes that you won't get except here or in a tea house.  We will share.  If that is all right with you."
"I am in your hands.  Feed me lots of good stuff."
"What do you mean, 'you are in my hands'?  I am a small pregnant lady.  I don't think that I can pick you up and make you eat."
"See!  That is what I meant.  You are such a smart ass."  Rick retorted.
And Tomi covered her mouth to stifle her smile and a quiet laugh.
"I cannot drink saki.  But you should try it.  One little bottle only though.  
I cannot help you home if you get stinking drunk on saki."
"That's a very small bottle.  Looks like a flower vase."
"It is very . . . potent?  Is that the correct word?"
"Yes.
Oh yes.  Very good.  I am sure my endurance would not last more than a little of this."
They were resting their hands on the narrow table while they talked quietly looking into each other's eyes.
I would like to hold her hand.
Don't get pushy, Idiot.  You're her friend, not the next lover in her life.
Don't screw this up.  Go slow and watch and ask what she wants.
As if reading his mind, Tomi slid her hand across the table towards Rick, palm up and with her soft smile invited him to take it.
Gently he engulfed her small hand in his.
"I have been very lonely sometimes.  Sometimes my son and I have a conversation and I am no longer so lonely."  Smiling sadly for an instant before her soft feminine smile spread across her face
"The problem is that he will not answer me except for our mental talk.  And that only happens once in a while.
It is not the same as having a real, grownup person who you know cares about you and will tell you when life is really good.  Or even when you are going down the wrong path  A strong and sincere friend is who I think I mean.
I think that you are that friend to me, Rick.  Are you?"
"I know what you are saying Tomako-chan.  I want to be that friend.  I may make some mistakes, but I will try my best and be there for you whenever you need me to be."
"Domo arigato gozaimasu, Rick.  I believe what you say and I can ask no more of you.
Now, let's eat and have a quiet happy dinner."


"Do you realize that we've have been eating for two and one half hours?
I believe that it is time to quit and you my sukoshi tomodachi, are starting to look tired.  So I should get you home so you can rest.
Are you going to work tomorrow?"  Rick asked Tomi as he helped her get to her feet.
"Are you flying tomorrow?"
"Not until Wednesday.  Tomorrow is my last day off for two weeks."
"If you would like, I want to be with you tomorrow.  If you can and want to.  I won't work.
"If it means you will take the day off, I am at your mercy."  Rick declared with a broad smile.
As they stepped out onto the sidewalk and Rick looked for a taxi, Tomi held tightly onto his hand.
"I promise to be merciful.  I will even buy you sushi and yakamesa.  And will let you lay on my deck and drink beer in the warm Okinawan sun."
While Rick helped her into the small back seat of a sukoshi cab he thought of the possible meanings of what Tomi had just said.
"You want to tell Papa-san where you want him to go?"
"Hai.
Tomari Port, Dozo.
My apartment is next to the port.  It is a very nice place to live.  You'll see.  I am sure that you will like it."
"Tomi?"
She reached for him and laid a small index finger across his lips.  It is okay.  I know what you are thinking.  We can talk about it when we get to my home.  Neh?"


"You climb up those stairs everyday?"  Rick asked and looking at the small woman and her baby stomach standing next to him at the bottom of the flights of stairs leading up.  The only entrance door was at the very top on the fourth floor.
"The fourth floor?"
"Hai.  It is mine.  All mine.  And yes.  Everyday and some days two or three times.  Though since I have blossomed in front I try not to climb them more than once a day."
He slipped off his loafers at the door before stepping into the room.  He followed Tomi's lead and placed them in a small, slim cabinet to the right of the doorway.  
It was a small apartment.  Part Okinawan, part Western.  The view through the wooden framed glass slider leading to a tiny balcony was the first thing that caught Rick's eye. On the left Tomari Bay stretched out fully towards the East China Sea.  When he walked up to the sliding door he saw Tomari Port's boat building facilities and fishing pier with several fishing boats tied up to it.
"I love it, Tomi.  It's great."  
Like an American studio apartment there was a small, tiny, kitchen on the far wall with a window the same size as the small white porcelain sink under it.  A short counter ran from the outside wall to about the middle of the room.  To the left as you came in the front door a closed door which Rick assumed was an Okinawan style bathroom, took up that corner of the apartment.  The main room from the small tiled area in front of the entry door to the slider and back to the kitchen was covered with tatami mats.  In front of the slider leading to the deck, was a Western style full size bed covered with Japanese futons. A large double door cabinet stood against the far wall under a wide window with what appeared to be family photographs sitting on it.  Next to the cabinet was a custom built entertainment center with a television on it.  On the front wall of the room was a taller but single door wooden cabinet and on the other side of the bed was a low lacquer finished table like an American coffee table but finished with a deep brown Okinawan style lacquer finish.  Three large, colorful silk covered pillows were scattered on the floor near it.
"Sit down please, Rick-san."  She said as she moved one of the pillows and placed it where he would be able to look out through the slider after he sat down.  "Would you like ocha?  I have no beer, but I can go to the store to get some."
"Ocha will be fine.  Thanks, I don't think that I need any beer."
"It is a sukoshi crowded now.  Before . . . Tomi paused, looked away from Rick, but in several seconds she picked up where she had left off.  "The bed used to be against the wall there."  She pointed to the wall next to the front door.  "I asked Ojisan, my uncle, to move it for me after it became harder for me to move around.  I love to go to sleep and wake up looking out on the water."
Rick watched as she turned back to him and she reached for his hand, squeezed it in both hers standing still and looking out at the blue-green waters of the East China Sea.
"Okay?"  Rick asked her softly.
Tomi turned to him and with a soft shy smile, nodded and spoke very quietly.  "Sometimes my heart skips a beat or two and I just have to remind myself where I am and that I have a very good life with a very little baby to take care of."
She reached for him and slowly pressed herself against him as Rick wrapped his arms around her.
"You should get off your feet and rest."
Tomi started to protest.  "I will make tea.  What kind of hostess would I be if I didn't?"
"A very tired one.  On the bed.
I'll make the tea, I'm not a complete idiot in the kitchen.  I can make tea and pour it into cups."
"Domo arigato, Rick."  Tomi spoke from the bed as she settled herself on top of the soft futons.
"Are you warm enough?"  He asked her before he went into the kitchen area.
You beast.  But jeez she has great legs.  He thought as Tomi's skirt slid above her knees when she made herself comfortable on the bed.  Be nice.  No carnal thoughts now.
He carried a small tray with a tea pot full of ocha and two small delicately flowered tea cups that he had found in a kitchen cabinet, and placed it on the table next to the bed.
"Here we are, Tomi.  Ready for some hot ocha?"  He turned to her and saw that she was curled up into as much of a fetal position as she could get.  Her bare knees where tucked up against her stomach and it was obvious that she was sound asleep.
Okay, I think that you need to do that.  Rick looked around for some kind of light weight blanket to cover her.  Opening the cabinet with double doors he found futons and some kind of kimonos.  Laying on top of the futons was a small blue soft lamb's wool blanket.  This should be enough to cover her.  She's really conked out.  I have a feeling that I didn't get the whole truth of her day before I met her at Shuri Gate.  I'll bet she went to the coffee house first.
"Lady, you are so appealing and are definitely doing things to my head."  Rick spoke softly to himself as he watched her sleeping and as she made small motions with her hands and spoke soundless words in her sleep.


Rick sat on a cushion at the table comfortable and at ease with life.  He slowly drank the pot of ocha and watched a huge red and orange sun slip into the East China Sea.  
Whenever Tomi moved he would straighten up and smile softly to himself when he assured himself that she was all right and still sleeping.
As the night deepened, he quietly got up and turned on a small light in the kitchen which he did not think would wake her up.
Rick thought about making another pot of ocha but decided that he didn't want to take the chance of waking Tomi before she was ready to wake on her own.  Besides he found the view of Tomari Port and the outlying sea friendly and enjoyable with a fishing boat or ocean going ship slipping into view every few minutes.
Leaning against the bed, he sensed rather than heard her move.  He turned and looked into her soft brown eyes just barely a foot away. 
"Konbanwa, Rick.  Gomen, but I think that I slept a long time, neh?"
"Yes, I think that you were tireder than you knew.  Maybe we did too much today?
Tomi patted the bed beside her.  "Dozo.  Here."
She realized that Rick had covered her and picked up a corner of the blanket smiling as she rubbed it against her face.  "This is the baby's.  It is so soft.  Thank you for covering me.
My friends, the Winters, gave it to me with some other things from the BX before they went back to the states.  They are my friends and were Brad's boss and friends."
"They went back to the States?"
"Yes.  He's a navy officer and retired in August.  You saw them the last time they were at the coffee house to see me.  They came in when you were leaving."
"You remember me being there that day?"
"Oh yes.  I wanted you to meet them, but you left too quickly."
"That was the last time you saw them?"
"No, just at the coffee house.  They came here to my apartment on the day before they flew away and brought me the gifts."
"They sound like very nice people."
"They also wanted me to go with them.  Or go the the States later so baby Brad could go to school there.
Dozo, Rick."
"For what?"
"For taking care of me and being so nice to me.
I need to get up before I burst.  And I'll make us some more ocha if you would like and fix us a snack.  You must be hungry."
"That would be good if you are up to it.  But I think I saw a sushi bar at the port entrance.  I could get us sushi if it's still open."
"You did see one and you would do that?"
"Of course.  I have an ulterior motive.  I'm beginning to really like sushi, and I'm pretty hungry."


"You're laughing at me."
"No, I'm not."  Tomi answered trying to keep her mouth from smiling.  "How can you say that?  I just want you to learn to use hachi."
"You can keep your laughter from your mouth and voice, but you can never hide your laughter from your eyes.  You have the most expressive and beautiful eyes that I have ever seen.
I'm embarrassing you aren't I?"
"Yes, you are.  But a woman, even a quiet Okinawan woman likes to hear nice things about some part of her especially when she is fat and has an ugly baby belly."  Tomi continued to look down at her small dish of soy sauce and wasabi and the piece of sushi she was holding with her chopsticks. 
"Darling, You are not fat, nor is your beautiful baby belly ugly in any sense.  You are so very beautiful."
Though he had no control of what had passed through his lips, Rick thought he had said too much when he saw the tears run down each of her cheeks.
"God.  I'm sorry Tomi.  I said too much.  I had no right to say those things."
Tomi dabbed the tears from her cheeks and eyes.  Delicately touched a tissue to her nose before speaking.  "It is as I told you, sometimes my heart skips a beat or two.  What you just said, I am sure you meant every word of it, but you made my heart skip many beats.  I do not want you to expect too much from me.  What you say tells me what may be going on in your head and it scares me sometimes.  I do not want you to be hurt."  Tomi stopped talking before taking a deep breath and meeting Rick's eyes.
"For some reason we have become attached to each other, but it scares me that maybe you are thinking more like a lover than I am.  I do want you as a tomodachi Rick.  I need you as a tomodachi."
"Tomi , we have not known each other very long and I agree that we have some kind of attachment that I think is not usual.  I am not thinking beyond where we are at this very moment.  I am affectionate to people that I like and have an attachment to.  You are at the top of that list.  I like to use endearing terms, like dear, and darling to these people.  I will compliment you because you deserve to be complimented and I always speak what I feel, from the heart.  I believe you are a beautiful woman and I want you to know what I think.  And I will give you a kiss to show you affection and my feelings for you.  I don't mean that I don't want to sleep with you, but I'm here for you in any form or limits you want and set.  
Do you understand what I am trying to say?" 
Tomi smiled, relaxed as she reached for his hand and drew him towards her.  "Hai.  I wakaru what you are saying."  She smiled at Rick's look of confusion.  "I understand."
"You must be tired.  I think that I should go back to the base and let you get some rest."
"Will I see you tomorrow?"  Tomi asked as she started to stand.
Rick came around the table and helped her to rise to her feet.  They stood holding hands 
"I would like to.  I thought that we had already said that you were going to take the day off and spend the day with me?"
"Hai, we did.  I wanted to be sure that you still wanted to.  That you had not changed your mind.  That I have not scared you off.
That is the correct expression, neh?"
"Hai, it is and no, you have not scared me off."
"Do you have another girlfriend here, Rick?  Most GIs do."
"I dated a girl who lives in Nishihara, but I'm not sure that we can have any kind of relationship.  If you really want to know we can talk about her tomorrow.  She is not a worry to our friendship.  I am sure of that."
All right.  I would like to know tomorrow."  Tomi turned her face up to him.  "I want you to kiss me."
Tomi looked in his eyes as they slowly separated still holding each other.  "Dozo.  I did like that.
You will come here in the morning and we can talk and maybe go sightseeing a sukoshi after we eat lunch?"
"Okay.  But I don't want you to get tired."
She smiled in appreciation of his thoughtfulness.  "I don't think you will allow that.  If I do start to get tired, we can take a nap.  Honto?
Now go.  It is almost midnight and all the taxies will turn into pumpkins, neh?"
Rick laughed out loud.  "Where did that come from?"  He said before leaning down and kissing her again.
I am Cinderella, neh?"



TWENTY-TWO

Rick rolled over and looked at the screeching alarm clock.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you up."  Leo said.
"That's okay.  I wanted to get up by 8 anyway.  And it's almost there.
Did you see Bob and Cheryl yesterday?"
"Yeah, we ate at the Club and went to the base movie.
Cheryl asked if you were in Naha.  I told her that as far as I knew you were."
"What did she say?  Very much?"
"Actually she didn't have much to say.  A lot less than usual.  As I think about it, she didn't have much to say as I thought she would about you and your girlfriends.  Also, she backed off from being so affectionate to me.  Clung to Bob a lot. All I got was a kiss on the cheek when they left the base to go home."
"No invite to go home with them?  Was it late?"
"Only about eleven.  But I wanted to get to bed early so I could get to the MARS station early."
"Did you get through to Linda yesterday?"
"Damn it, no.  Never even got near a phone.  The place was jammed.  The NCO who runs it said to be there by 8:15 this morning and he would get me an early slot."
"How'd you manage that?"
"Just told him we were going to Guam for two weeks and wouldn't be able to get to the MARS station there."
"It's the truth.  You better get going."
"I'll catch a cab instead of the shuttle bus.
Did you spend all day with Tomi?"
"Yes I did.  And I'm heading to her place as soon as I have some coffee and check-in with the Kruses.  I promised Cheryl I would talk to her today, but Tomi and I want to spend the day together since Guam 'Here We Come' is looming on the horizon.
Don't ask.  I have an idea what's on your mind.  I haven't decided what to do about Kim.  I think that I have until we get back from Guam to deal with it.  Hopefully a break away from both women, especially Tomi, will help me make the right decision."
"I don't envy you my friend.  It's obvious that you have strong feelings for Tomi.
Anyway, I'm off to MARS.  See you tonight?"
"Yeah.  I'll be back in time to get a couple hours of uninterrupted sleep.  Guess it doesnt matter, we can catch up on our sleep on alert."
After showering and shaving Rick headed for the NCO Club to get some breakfast.  He didn't expect the Kruse twins to be there, so he didn't notice them at a back corner table until he heard a soft familiar whistle.
Cheryl was about to whistle again but smiled happily when Rick made eye contact with her and returned her smile as he turned and went to their table.  She had on a soft pink flowered muumuu which was cut slimmer and refused to conceal her curves.  She had a pink hibiscus in her dark hair which she let hang down to her shoulders.
Rick and Bob shook hands and Rick bent down to kiss Cheryl as they had for over four years but found a warm cheek in place of her soft full lips.  She gave him a small, almost sorrowful smile and a tiny shake of her head.
Rick turned to Bob who softly spoke.  "It's okay.  She's okay."
"Want some breakfast, Rick?  We haven't ordered yet"  Cheryl asked and handed him her menu.
"Yes.  I'm famished.  A good country breakfast of hash browns, sausage and a couple over-easy eggs would really taste great.  Actually, I think a small steak would be better than sausage.
What are you guys up to so early in the day?"
"I baby sat the flightline all weekend and Monday so I'm taking a couple of days off.  But I will be in tomorrow morning to see you and Leo off then take the rest of the day off."
"You don't have to do that."
"I know.  Cheryl and I decided that it was the thing to do.  I tried to get you out of it.  The only choice was to send different crew chiefs but decided that you would probably kill me if I gave 3653 away even for two weeks."
"You're right.
I think it will be a good thing to get away for a couple of weeks.  You know, a change of scenery."
Cheryl gave Rick a look of concern.  "How was your day yesterday?  In Naha?"  She added.
"Really great.  That is what I have to think about by myself, in my own head with no distractions."
"You really love her don't you?"  Bob asked.
"Seems so."
"Do you think she reciprocates your feelings?"
"As much as she can.  Brad has been gone for less than 5 months.  The baby is due in about 6 weeks.  She's single.  For all intents and purposes alone.  Oh sure she has friends who will help her, a good job and a guaranteed income until she goes back to work after the baby is born."
"It sounds to me like she is being careful of your feelings and not trying to drag you into a situation that will be unfair to both of you.  And the baby."  Cheryl commented.
"She made that quite clear last night.  She wants and needs a friend who she can talk to, share with and somebody to hold her when she gets scared of what life has dealt her.
I'm not sure what to do about Kim.  I started something with her that I don't think I can just walk away from."
"You slept with her.  But it sounds to me like she initiated it.  Maybe she wants more from you than she is letting on to.  I don't really believe that she is a real issue.  Just say goodbye if you want or not, and walk away."  Cheryl was watching Rick as she talked.  "Don't let her cloud your mind away from the real issue which is how much you love Tomi and how much responsibility are you willing to take on for her before you get the relationship that both of you should have."
"Do you know the the Airman in job control who sits in back and shuffles papers all day?"  Bob asked.
"Not really.  Why?"
"It seems that he has a photo of Kim on his desk.  I asked who she was and he claims that she's his girl friend.  To quote him, "Not a bar girl.  A student and teacher at the University."  And he swears that he hasn't slept with her.  Quote, Never, she's still a virgin, unquote.
He is how she knew where you were and when you would fly, land and whatever else she could get him to tell her."
"Jesus Christ.  What's his name?  In case I want to confront him."
"No.  I already talked to the Adjutant General's office.  I believe he'll be off the island before you get back from Guam."
"And Kim?" 
"They won't prosecute.  Really didn't get any real strategic information and they can't find any evidence that she passed anything she got from him to anyone else.  She just used it for her own benefit.  They don't even know your name.  Somehow it got deleted from the source information."
"That bitch.  Thanks Bob."
Kruse waved it off.  Smiled and laid his hand on Ricks arm.  "I'm still looking after you after all these years."
"Now, are you going to Naha?"  Cheryl asked smiling and in a better mood than she had seemed to be when Rick arrived at the Club.


It was barely after 10 o'clock when Rick told the sukoshi cab driver, "megii, Papa-san.  Koko, dozo."  And stopped at the corner of Tomi's apartment building.  He handed the driver a handful of change as he walked by his window.  "Domo, Papa-san.  And smiled in response to the driver's smile.
He was still four or five steps below Tomi's door when it opened and she stepped out onto the small upper landing.  A delighted smile lit up her face.
Rick stopped and looked up at her.
Oh wow!  She is beautiful even in the morning.  No make up.  I really love those little smile lines around her eyes.  
That isn't really a kimono, but it isn't a robe either.  The thoughts flashed through Ricks mind with his eyes taking in and absorbing her whole being.
"Ohayo gozaimasu Rick-chan.  You're earlier than I thought, but I am very glad to see you."
"Ohayo gozaimasu Tomako-chan.  How are you this morning.  Did you get enough sleep?"
Rick with two long steps skipped half the steps to reached her on the stair landing  He took her outstretched hand and felt her stomach come against him and as if they had been doing it for ages, managed to meet and hug each other.  
Tomi turned her face up to him with the clear meaning that she wanted to be not only held, but kissed as well.
"I wished that you would come soon.  I was lonely after you left last night.
Come in, dozo.  I haven't even got dressed yet.  I did have coffee and ate some rice with cinnamon and warm milk though.   As you can see I am still in my nemaki.  It's like a nightgown.  Maybe the wrong way to be dressed when a man is coming to visit, neh?"
"Are you comfortable?"
"Yes.  Its loose.  And I think modest, neh?  You are not embarrassed, or think it is wrong?"
I might be if some other man was coming to see you.  Rick thought.
"You're fine, Tomi.
Do you want to go somewhere today or should we just lay around and talk?  I'm thinking that maybe you should take the day to really rest.  You did too much yesterday and have worked too many days without any real time off to rest."
"If you don't mind that is what I would like to do.  I am tired, but I would like to fix you dinner, Okinawan food."
"All right, but only if we're lazy all day."  Rick subtly laid down the law before leaning over and kissing her on the forehead.
Smiling up at him, Tomi ran her hand down his cheek.  "First I am going to take a shower then put on a very nice but everyday kimono so I will be comfortable with my big fat belly.
Dozo, I will show you how to turn on the hot water so if you want to shower, or wash dishes you can.  I know that you just took a shower and shaved.  You smell very nice and clean.  You always do."
"This is the place to turn on the hot water.  Here.  Turn this."  She reached up to a black plastic knob on a white and chrome gadget hanging on the bathroom wall between the sink and shower.  "It makes the heat and only does when the water is running.  Don't move it too far or the mizu will get hot-hot.  Okay?"  
He hadn't been in very many Okinawan homes nor inspected their bathrooms but Rick was impressed.  The fixtures, a vanity with a small china sink and the toilet bowl were Western type.  The room was really tiny and the fixtures in proportional size to fit neatly.
Travel trailer bathroom.  The little ones Americans use for vacation and hunting trips.  Kind of cute.  It's really clean.  The only thing different is the shower stall.  It's definitely made with hand placed tiles.  He thought smiling and reached through the nylon curtain to turn on the water.
"The floor will get wet, It's okay."  Tomako spoke as she stood in the bathroom door.
Rick saw that the tile floor had a drain in the middle.  The sound of gas igniting in the hot water heater startled him.  Why doesn't she have a bathtub?  The Japanese love to soak in a hot tub.  Only one faucet?  Wow!  The water is a little too hot.  She must take a shower this hot, she knew right where to set the thermostat. 
"No tub.  I thought all Okinawans like to soak in a tub?"  Rick asked while he stepped around her to leave the bathroom.
"When Ojisan was building the house, he asked if I wanted to have an apartment for very small rent.  I told him of course, but I wanted it on the top floor so I could see the ocean and the ships coming and going out of the ports.  He said I could have it and I should look before all the walls were here.  But it was too much.  Too many rooms and too big, you understand?  Two bedrooms and an ima.  What I think you say is a living room. Which was a big room.  And there were only the stairs for the other apartments."  Tomi pointed to the wall behind the kitchen and bathroom.  "Inside stairs.  When I told him it was too big and I didn't want to share the stairs with other people, he told me to come back in a week and look again.  I thought that he was,"  she hesitated then twirled her right index finger against her temple.
"Crazy."
"Hai.  Crazy."  She smiled letting Rick know that she was only kidding.  "I thought he was.  But he wasn't.  When he brought me home from work a week later we came here and he brought me up the new outside stairs.  Then he said that the only thing wrong was there wasn't much room for the bathroom.  I could have a bathroom without a tub, or a smaller room here. 
I decided that I could live without a soaking tub as long as I had a nice shower.  Do you like it?  Do you think that I made the right decision, Rick?"
"Yes.  It's very nice and the whole apartment is really big enough for two people and really great for one person.
Yes, I like it very much."
Rick was sitting at the table sipping coffee and watching a freighter heading for Naha Port and an airliner on approach to the Naha runway.  


Tomi came out of the bathroom and quietly stepped up behind him.  She leaned over and put a soft small hand on each side of his head raising his face up to her so she could kiss him softly on the lips.
"Hmm.  What was that for?"
"For being so sweet and making me feel better than I have for a long time."
Rick reached up and took both of her hands in his and lead her around to where he could look into her eyes.  She had shampooed her hair which was still a bit damp.  Put on a touch of pink lipstick and a tiny smudge of blush on each of her high cheek bones.  "Mmm.  You smell nice.  I think just soap and shampoo.  Definitely not coffee house cooking."
"Oww, you."  She playfully hit him on the side of the head, smiling which turned into a quiet laugh.  "You tease me.
Oh!  Oh!  I'm being kicked.  I think it is time I sat down before he really scolds his poor mother."
Rick stood and took her hand guiding her towards the bed.
"You made my bed."  She said surprised.  "Domo arigato, Rick.  You did not have to do that".  She said sitting and then letting Rick pick up her legs and turn her onto the bed facing the slider and its view of the ocean.
"Come sit with me and we can watch the boats."  Taking his hand and holding it while sliding closer so she could lean against him.
"It is almost lunch time.  Are you hungry?  I can fix you something to eat."
"I was thinking that I would walk down and get us sushi for lunch and also get me a couple of Orions from mama-san's store."
"I want to go out later and get things to make you an Okinawan dinner.  Is there any real need for you to go now."
"Yeah.  Sushi would make a nice lunch and I would enjoy a couple of beers this afternoon while we lay around and watch the boats.  And for you to rest.
That is our plan, neh?  Watch boats, enjoy the sun and drink beer?  Youre turning Okinawan.  
Yes, sushi would be nice."
"What kind?  and what would you like to drink?"
"I think two bento boxes of mixed sushi.  Or whatever kind that you would like, neh?
I will make some ocha after you get back."
"You stay in bed and rest.  Do you want anything before I go?"
"Mizu, dozo.  From the fridge, neh?"
"Hai."  
Handing Tomi a glass of cold water, Rick bent down and kissed her on the forehead.  "No cheating.  Stay in bed, neh."


The combination of a gentle breeze and the warm sun coming in through the open slider woke Rick up.  He tried to move and found that Tomi was curled up against his right side.  Her head was cradled on his right arm with her face tucked against the hollow of his neck and shoulder.  Her hair was in total disarray spread across his arm and onto the pillow they were sharing.
He carefully raised his left arm to look at his watch without waking her.  1600.  I was really tired.
He listened to her gentle breathing while he resisted the temptation to kiss her or to just caress her hair or face.
She's a very beautiful woman.  So peaceful and relaxed.  I think that was the baby I just felt.  Now he's kicking me.  Rick laughed quietly to himself as a smile spread across his face and he became aware that she was spooned up against his side as she laid on her left side.  Her baby belly pressing tightly against him.
Still watching her he felt and saw her move a tiny bit and felt the source of her discomfort as the baby kicked again.  Her eyes fluttered open slightly.  Closed as a smile spread across her face and she nestled her face tighter against him.  Put her right arm across his shoulders before speaking quietly.
"Hi, Rick-san.  I think that I got very comfortable and fell asleep."
"I believe so.  Actually for over two hours.  Me too."
"Mmm.  I am so comfortable.  
Ouch!"  She exclaimed as she moved her right hand down to rub her belly.  "Don't kick your Mother like that."  She scolded gently.
Tomi raised herself off of Rick's arm watching him as she sat up.  "Your arm must be crushed.  I have been laying on your arm for two hours?"
"I really don't know.  You weren't there when I first laid down.  But I remember as I was falling asleep you came over against me.  After that I don't remember anything until about 5 minutes ago when that kid kicked me and I woke up.  He's one tough kid."
"He is very strong, neh?  
I have a doctor's appointment tomorrow afternoon.  Just a baby checkup."  Tomi added quickly as a look of concern crossed Rick's face. 
"But you will be gone."
"Yes?"
"I was going to ask you to go with me."  She said in a very shy, quiet voice which Rick could hardly hear.  "Even so, it is probably not proper for you to go with me."  Tomi went on in a louder, almost normal voice.
"Would it bother you if I was with you.  Since you brought it up, I think maybe not."
"Since Arlene Winters left, I have had no one to go with me.  Ojisan drives me, but I would not ask him to accompany me to the doctor's office.  I guess that I really don't want him to.  Do not take that wrong.  I love him and he loves me, but a doctor's visit is very private especially a niece's appointment for a baby."
"Is he upset that you got pregnant before you were married?  I guess I shouldn't have asked that. I'm sorry."
"No, it is all right.  You are the one person who I want to share everything with.  The only one who is so connected to me and the baby.  Only his father could have done that.  But that was not to be.  Ojisan has been very good to me all of my life and he understood my relationship with Brad and knew that we were getting ready to get married."
"Tomako-chan?"
"Hai?"  She asked and moved close enough so their shoulders were touching.
"Why me?  I'm not complaining.  Nor upset.  I know that we have a strong connection that seemed to come from deep within each of us.  I am just concerned that if you put too much feeling to me, that later it might be a situation you will regret.  I care for you deeply.  Please, always remember that."
Tomi did not answer right away.  She made eye contact with him, Smiled and took his right hand in both of hers.  
"I am being very careful with my heart.  I have always been that way.  I am not asking for your sympathy.  Please understand that.  Many Okinawans had bad things happen to them and it also happened to me and it makes me very cautious.  
For most of the time since I learned that I was to have Brad's baby I have dealt with it myself.  I have friends, but not close friends like you and I have become.  I am trusting you to be my friend like we talked about yesterday.  I get lonely and have been most of my remembered life.  I do not trust too many people and have preferred to be lonely rather than hurt by people.
With you, I can be me, the person I really am.  There are not many people I can be this way with.  I have set in my mind, what I want and expect from you, and what I can afford to give you without betraying my morals or my feelings for my baby's father.  I hope that you can understand that and not let it change the respect and feelings you have for me."
Rick extended his right arm to just give her a pat but Tomi turned to him and slipped into his arms laying her face against his neck so he could feel the warmth of her breath on the bare skin of his neck.
"Hold me, dozo."
He felt her tears on his neck and kissed her forehead as he held her and she snuggled deeper into him.


Rick sat out on the tiny balcony watching the afternoon sun turn red with streaks and swirls of orange clouds stretching across the sky.  The smell and sounds of frying fish drifted out from the kitchen.  
He brought the bottle of Orion beer to his lips and slowly let a small mouth full of the icy beer trickle down his throat. 
The touch of her hands on his shoulders brought him back to the real world.  "What were you thinking about?  Something nice I hope."  She asked.
She had put on a tiny bit of perfume before they went to the store and Tomari Port for fresh fish.  "You smell nice."  He turned his head and kissed her hand.  Doesn't taste so good though."
"Oh you.  I've been fixing fish and I'm not a fancy model in a fashion show.  But you are lying aren't you?"  She said then took the beer bottle out of his hand and touched its neck to her lips.  "How can you stand this awful stuff?"
"Beats dead fish.  And since you kicked me out of the kitchen I am going to sit here and feel lonesome and sorry for myself.  And those are good reasons to drink Orion even if I can barely stand the taste of it."
"Well dinner is ready."  Tomi handed him back his beer.  "You can come back in to the house now."
"Gee thanks.  I thought that you were going to starve me or make me spend tonight out here on this very small deck."
"When you get back from Guam, I would like for you to take me to the university so I can find out more about the courses I can take.  I know that I only need two more credits in English to graduate.  But I will have many other courses to take that will be required to graduate no matter what I major in."
"All your college credits are in English?"
"Hai.  That is all I took before I got pregnant.  I went to night school for two years to learn to read and write English.  I only wanted to be able to do that, not to teach others or learn some other job.
Now with a child to raise and support, I want to be able to give him more than I had and for him not to have to struggle as hard as so many of the Okinawan people have to do.
I must decide what my goals will be.  What kind of work I want to do."
"I know that you have some ideas and have thought about what you would like to do.  Another consideration is whether you want to take Brad to the States for his education.  If you are thinking about that, don't you think you may want to major in something that you can do either here on Okinawa or Stateside?"
"Hai, you are correct.  But truthfully, I would not say this to anybody but you,  I am not sure that I want to take him to the States.  His father and I talked about it and decided that I would stay here on Okinawa, but that was before I knew about the baby.
I want to help people.  Some kind of social or health services work for the people of Okinawa.  And I could also do that kind of work in the States, neh?"
"We'll go to the university and find out what your options are as soon as I get back.  
We're due back on the 9th of November, a Thursday.  I'll have a long weekend off.  At least three days and maybe four.  Why don't you make an appointment for the 10th or 13th of November and I'll be sure to go with you."
"Arigato goziemashita, Rick-san.  Thank you so much."  Tomi reached across the table and hugged his neck before kissing him on the cheek.
"It's getting late.  I'm having a hard time leaving, but I must."
"I know.  I want you to stay.  I am going to miss you terribly.  But I want you to get enough sleep before you have to fly tomorrow."
"As much as I hate the idea, I should be in Kadena by 2300.  It's almost that now."
"Is there anyway we can talk when you are on Guam?  Maybe on MARS?"
"I can't be sure.  We have to be ready to start engines within 10 minutes everyday for 24 hours and no days off.
I'll find out as soon as I get there.  I know that I can send messages and probably talk to Bob.  I'll have him and Cheryl tell you what is going on if I can't talk to you."
"Thank you.  I am going to miss you very much.
You will be here when Brad is born?  I really want you to be with me."
"I'll do all I can to be here when the time comes.  We have time for me to try to manipulate my schedule some after I come back from Guam."
"I know that you will do all you can.  We cannot be sure when he will decide to put in an appearance and that makes it hard to plan when you should be here.  He'll probably decide to be here when you are flying to Thailand or Vietnam."
"Let's hope not."
Standing by the front door, Rick held her in his arms refusing to let her go and Tomi not wanting to be let go of.  She took his hands and put them both on the bare skin on the sides of her stomach under her yukata.  Her panties had slipped off her stomach.
"He is being quiet.  I think he is also sad that you are going. 
Rub me please."  She asked.  Her tears streamed down her beautiful Asian cheeks.
Putting his arms back around her while she pressed herself against him, he kissed her deeply and for just an instant he felt her tongue touch his.  
She gently pushed him away.  "Go, dozo.  And have a safe trip.  Come back to us quick."



TWENTY-THREE

Leo's desk light was still on and he was sitting at the desk writing.  "Hi.  I'm getting a letter off to Linda before I sack out."
"Did you get to talk to her today?"
"Yes.  It was great.  Not as great as being with her, but better than not hearing her voice."
"Is everything OK for her?"
"Actually, yes.  But she is starting to make noises of nesting so the Air Force will pay for most of the baby's costs."
"How do you feel about that?  Other than wanting to be a Daddy."
"I'm not sure that I would want to be flying out of the country every few weeks while she's pregnant.  Other than that?  I'm all for it.
So, how was your day?  You don't look too happy.  Is everything alright?  Is Tomi OK?"
"Everything is fine.  Just that goodbyes, even for only two weeks can be hell when I'm dealing with a new relationship and a baby on the way.
I'm going through what is making you hesitate about."
"Keep me posted, Rick.  I want all the opinions before we get home and I'll build my case pro or con accordingly."
"Damn, nothing like pinning your friend in a corner."
"Cheryl wants to have breakfast with us."
"Where?"
"At the Club about 0800.  I'll wear my flight jacket so no one will know that I'm only a lowly Airman."
"I never saw them deny anybody on flying status and TDY.  Youll be in your flight suit and that is as good as an extra stripe or two.
I'm going to grab a fast shower and sack out.  What time is preflight?"
"Wheels up at about 1030.  I've already done the preflight for all practical purposes.  Serviced LOX again and looked for the small leak but can't find it.  It's dribbling out somewhere but I can't find it.  Maybe you'll have better luck than I did.  How's service on Guam?"
"Full.  Can get everything we need and the transit ground crew is top notch and friendly especially to tanker crew chiefs."


"Steak, medium rare, two eggs over easy and hash browns."  Rick ordered his breakfast
"Boy, you sure are predictable, Rick.  Steak, eggs and hash browns.  For over four years I have watched you eat the same breakfast.
On a new note, the girl's orders came through.  We aren't bring them over until Christmas break to keep the disruption to a minimum.  We're going to keep our Okinawan rental.  It will be a good experience for the girls.  Besides Bob and I love it."
"Where is he, by the way?"
"Out on the flightline.  He told his relief not to come in until after 1000 hrs..  I expect him anytime.  If not, I have this."  Cheryl pulled a handheld military radio out of her over sized purse.  "I can call him to pick us up.
So tell me, Rick.  How is Tomako?  And importantly, what is your relationship doing?"
Rick filled her in telling her the gist of what had been going on for the last two days.  As long as he had known her and shared things in his life with Cheryl for the first time he found himself holding back some things that he knew and also strongly felt was between Tomako and himself not for public view even Cheryl's.
"I'm starting to worry about what is going to happen when the baby is due.  She wants me to be there with her, but there's no guarantee that I won't be on a trip somewhere when the time comes.  She realizes that and is trying not to worry me about it.  Nor is she being pushy about it.  I don't think she has a pushy bone in her body.  Sometimes she comes across as being so soft it is hard to imagine that she's for real.  Though sometimes a bit of disappointment slips in when she realizes that I cant guarantee to be there when Brad comes.
But know what Cheryl?  She really doesn't have anybody very close nor can she expose herself by telling her friends what is going on or how she feels. 
She has a checkup this afternoon.  She started to ask me to go with her when she realized that I was leaving and couldn't.  
The American couple have gone back to the states and she told me that Arlene went to a couple of checkups with her."
"Does she like and trust me, Rick?"
"Im sure she does.  Why? 	
"What time is her appointment?"
"In the afternoon.  Why?"  Rick repeated his question.
"If it's all right with you, I'll go ask her if she wants me to go with her."
"I already told her that you or Bob, or both of you will tell her how things are going for me and where I am.  I don't think that she will be surprised if you show up and ask her if she wants you to go with her.
I know that she'll be in the coffee house today.  In fact she's already there."
"As soon as you guys are wheels up I'll go to the coffee house.  But if she isn't there . . . ?"  Cheryl let her voice trail off in question.
"Here's her phone number.  You can call her from the coffee house if you have to.
She lives at Tomari Port."
Rick saw the questioning look across Cheryl's face.
"It's off of Highway #1 in Naha.  You can't miss the Port and it has a big sign Tomari Port.  It's where the fishing boats are and there are ship builders there who build yachts and sailboats.
This is her address.  Any taxi driver can get you there if you have to."
"Is there anything else that I can do for her while you're gone?"
"I appreciate you Cheryl.  You know that.  But she has to ask and I know she will when she gets to know you better and feels that she can confide in you."
"I understand and Rick"  Cheryl paused.
"Yeah"  He looked at his friend with a questioning expression.
"I won't push, or act like a mother-in-law.  But Christ Rick, she's 38 years old and having her first baby.  Of course she's scared.  I want to be her friend as I am yours.  But that is between her and me.  Tomi is going to have to make that decision on her own.  You and I being friends could work for or against us."
"I realize that.  I think it works for us,  She will be accepting of you because we've been friends for a long time and she knows it.  I told her so she'll trust you.  If I didn't trust you to be like that I wouldn't trust you with all of this.
You had better give Bob a call on your handy dandy GI issue radio and have him pick us up.  You coming out on the flightline with us?"
"Of course.  I have to give my favorite tanker a festive sendoff.
Listen, I heard by the grapevine that you can call job control direct from Anderson.  Until somebody tells us otherwise, why don't you try to call job tomorrow about 1300.  Either Bob or I , or both of us will be there.


"Whatcha thinking about, Rick?"  Leo asked when he came out of the cockpit and found Rick sitting in one of the airline type seat that they had placed in front of the open cargo door.  They had arrived on Guam the afternoon before.  A few minutes ago the flight crew had left for the BOQ after 'cocking '3653 onto strip alert status.  Within two minutes of their arrival at the tanker the crew would have all four engines running and be ready to taxi for take off.
"How many hours in two weeks?"
"Too many to count.  Linda gave me hell when I started counting days and hours until we'd be back at Fairchild."
"Smart girl.  Do you regret crewing, Leo?  Being gone and traveling?"
"Not really.  I just regret not seeing my bride everyday.  You know that I love tankers and flying on them.  We've been discussing whether I would reenlist or not."
"You got lots of time to decide that.  Don't confuse yourself at this point in time."
"Did you get an answer about the MARS station and whether we can go over there or not?"
"Actually I did.  What the transit alert flight chief and I worked out was for one of his troops to cover for you once a week for as long as it takes.  He did say that if you call the MARS station before you go over there and tell them you're on Alert they will give you some priority and you won't have to wait in line for a call."
"How about you calling Tomi?"
"I can cheat by calling Kadena direct and get operations to patch me through all on wire.  But we're not sure we can get patched into the Okinawan phone exchange."
"No 'OVER' and bull?"
"Yep.  A regular, actual, civilized phone call."
"Of all the luck.  Is it yours or does 3653's luck rub off on you?"
"Damned if I know, but I ain't fighting it."  They both snickered at the thoughts of 3653's luck.


Rick and Leo had come to the flightline snack bar for lunch and at 1230 walked out to find the Anderson AFB transit flight chief parked by the door.
"I'm going over to job control.  Want a ride over to check on any maintenance due on 3653?"
"Yeah sure Chief.  Thanks."
When the crew chiefs were getting out of the pickup the sergeant handed him a small slip of paper.  "Try these numbers.  Should give you who you want.  With a smile he followed the crew chiefs into job.  "I'll be around if they blow the horn on us. "  Rick knew that what he meant was if 3653 had to be launched immediately the chief would take them to their tanker.
Inside of five minutes the phone on the other end of the line was ringing and a familiar female voice answered.
"We have to stop meeting like this.  Your husband is going to get suspicious."
"That's for sure.  He's standing here listening to every word.  How's Guam Rick?"
"Kind of lonesome.  All my girlfriends are on Okinawa.  So tell me Cheryl, what happened yesterday?  How is everything?  Did Tomi want you to go with her?  Was she at the coffee house like I thought?"
"Damn!  Stop asking questions and let me answer a couple will ya?
First of all, not in the order you asked by the way.  Tomi sends her love and wants you back on Okinawa.  Those are her words with very little editorializing by yours truly.  She does love you and with patience on both your parts everything will be fine.  As you so astutely pointed out to me the other day, she has only been a widow for a few months and has over 7 months of baby hormones surging through her veins.
Secondly, her checkup went well. She and the baby are both fine and healthy.  The date of his appearance is still going to be December 10th give or take a day or two depending on how anxious the kid is to enter this cruel world.
Tomi and I are the best of friends and she was overjoyed that I appeared at the coffee shop on your command.  She thinks that you are the greatest, most considerate person she has ever known.  I will not tell tales and burst her bubble.  She deserves to keep thinking that even though I'm not sure you deserve it.
She's just great Rick and I love her.  We will be friends forever whether she is here on Okinawa or in the States stuck on some base with you.  
I'm going to stay out of it by the way.  I will not influence her one way or the other, but if she starts asking questions I will answer them honestly."
"I wouldn't expect you to do anything different Cheryl.  I gather that kind of questions hasn't arisen yet?"
"There was a hint of them.  After we got back to the coffee house she did ask me how I liked moving around and having Bob gone a lot.  There is no way that I could ever lie to that lady.  I said that I hated Bob being gone, but didn't mind moving around.  Also that I love Bob very much and would keep doing it as long as he was happy."
"What did she say?"
"I'm quoting exactly now, 'I lost Brad, but would never have changed anything.  If Rick wants to keep flying, then that is Karma and I will accept it and his decision.'
By the by, my crazy husband is going back on flying status.  It brings tears to my eyes, but he'll be a lot happier again.
Im getting the high sign to get off.  We tried to patch through to the Okinawan system but it doesn't seem to like us.  So I'll give your love to our lady and call me a week from today, same time.
Love you, Rick."
The phone went dead in his hand.
"I couldn't hear what you were saying, but I could see you didn't say much.  Is everything alright?"  Leo asked as the crew chiefs started out of job control.
Everything is absolutely perfect except for one thing."
"What is that?"
"I'm on Guam and Tomako is on Okinawa.  Also they couldn't patch the call through to her.
The baby is fine, she's fine and Cheryl and Tomi are best buddies." 
"More of 3653's good luck.  I'm telling you this is getting spooky."
"Leo, are you turning weird on me?  My buddy Bob is.  He's going back on flying status and Cheryl is letting him.  In fact with her blessing."


The week went slowly so to break the monotony Rick started to train Leo to run engines and asked job control for an engine run to check an electrical generator that seemed to be acting up.  With permission granted, Rick put Leo in the pilot's seat and manned the radios while Leo eased his way slowly through the Engine Start and Run check lists.  They played with all the aircraft's systems and finally running out of things to do shut down after requesting operations to send out a fuel truck so they could top off the fuel that they had burned off.
"Next time we have an A/C who is an instructor pilot we'll get your engine run signed off.  You'll be the only E-3 on the Fairchild flightline signed off to run engines."
"Thanks Rick.  I'm going over to MARS as soon as transit alert can get here."
"Okay.  Take your time, I'll be here."
On Wednesday, the end of their first week on Guam, the crew chiefs and flight crew were sitting in the flightline snack bar drinking a late morning cup of coffee.  The A/C's radio crackled to life with the crew's call sign.  He went outside for better reception and while still talking to operations he whirled a pointed finger over his head in the windup engine start sign.
"I'll get the coffee."  The copilot said as they all head for the door.  In seconds they were headed down the ramp for 3653 with the truck's red rooftop lights flashing.  
"They have an EC coming in from Honolulu which is losing fuel and may not have enough to make it in.  We'll intercept and refuel if it needs it."  The A/C filled in the crew quickly.
"Cartridge start."  The pilot instructed Rick as he bailed out of the truck's front seat and was first up the crew entry ladder.  
The crew chiefs hit the ground running.  Leo headed for the left wing, jerked off the engine intake plugs and jerked the chocks from the main landing gear tires on his side.  Rick jerked the plugs off the right engines at the same time as he was putting on his headset.
"Ready Chief?"
"You are clear on four for a cartridge start, Sir."  He replied.  Rick watched Leo pull the chocks on the right side main landing gear tires then without hesitating disconnected the grounding wires.  Rick and the pilot completed the starting procedures and Rick motioned Leo up into the cockpit.  He followed his assistant closely and heard the boom operator slamming the crew entry door behind him while he was still pulling up the entry ladder.
Rick put on his headset as he settled into the IP seat and listened to the last of the navigator's discussion with operations.
"Did you catch all that A/C?  The navigator asked the pilot.
"I think that I got the drift anyway.  They want us to taxi out and sit at the end of the runway for awhile?"
"You got it.  They also changed their minds."
"Huh?"  Came from the pilot.
"It isn't an EC.  They got the word second hand from somewhere in Thailand.  It's a BUFF and he's got battle damage and only functioning on 5 engines."
"What in hell is he doing coming here instead of going into UT or Takhli?"
"We shall never know the thinking of superior beings, Boss."
"Right you are my friend.  How far out is he?"
"As near as I can figure about 20 miles.  He'll be here before we can even get airborne.  We'd have to sit on the taxiway and wait for him to clear the active."
"Chief, is there anyway that you know of that we can refuel a B52 while both aircraft are on the ground?"
"Not that I know of Sir.  Maybe with an extra long drogue?  What do you think, Boomer?"
"That surely smacks of disrespect, Sir."  The copilot commented with the usual smile in his voice.  "But I know that you mean every word of it even if you are the A/C.  Sir."
"There he is."  The copilot pointed down the active runway at a double stream of black smoke rolling out of the B52's engines.
On the taxiway behind the tanker the fire trucks and and crash rescue trucks were speeding to the cross taxiway so they could pull onto the runway after the BUFF passed by. 
Pedro, the fire rescue helicopter was airborne and hovering next to the approach end of the active runway also waiting for the BUFF to pass by
A short conversation with operations and the pilot told the rest of the crew, "Let's go back to the barn guys.  That's all the fun we have this week.
Chief, can we help you top off the fuel and button her up?"  The pilot asked as the whole crew stood in the open cargo door watching the fire suppression crew spraying foam on two of the BUFF's engine pods.  They could hear the bomber's engines spooling down and shortly watched her crew start exiting their injured aircraft.
"Thanks, but we're so bored we don't mind doing it.  It will only be another week.  Hurrah."
"God, a smart-ass crew chief."  commented the navigator with a smile as he slapped Rick on the shoulder before going back to his station to get his flight bags.


At 1230 Thursday Rick was in job control waiting to use the phone.  Leo had opted to stay on 3653 with one of the transit alert crew since the flightline supervisor was busy and couldn't wait on Rick to make his phone call.
A couple of phones rang as Rick sat at one of the job control desks.
"Line two for you Rick.  It's Kadena."
Anxiety tore through his gut.  Why are they calling  me.  Something must be wrong.  Tomi?  Oh shit!
"SSgt. Davis here"  Rick answered.
"Hi Rick this is me."  The familiar voice of Bob Kruse came across the line.  "How you doing?  Hanging in there I hope?"  
"What's up Bob?  How come you called me?"
"Just saving you the trouble.  And it's the only way my pushy wife would let me talk to you even to say hello.  Take care and I'll see you next week.  By the way, You guys will have a four day weekend.  Cheryl said that you and Tomi have an appointment at the university on Monday.  So I scheduled 3653 for a phase inspection on Saturday.  Takes three days to inspect and clear the write-ups.  Leo will have to work Monday though to be sure the write-ups get cleared.  You're flying a Combat air patrol on Tuesday.  A payday flight."
"Thanks Bob.  I'll see you Thursday."
"Okay,  Buddy.  Here's my smiling wife.  Love ya guy."
Rick's heart slowed back down to a normal rhythm and his temper returned to normal realizing that Bob was just being Bob.  A good friend and doing what he thought was best.
"Hi Sweetheart.  How ya doing?  Everything is great here except for a lonely little woman who is awaiting your return breathlessly."
"Cheryl, stop exaggerating."
"Oh, you think that I'm exaggerating do you?  You are going to owe me a big one when you get back here and see what that charming and very pregnant lady thinks of you."
All right.  I give up.  I'm having conniptions myself.  I've been sleeping on the tanker because it makes me think I'm closer to Okinawa.  How is she and the baby?"
Great.  She feels fine and even with you gone she's eating better, working less and generally a lot happier.  She knows she has a future besides raising a child by her lonesome.  You cannot let her down Rick.  You're committed.  You do realize that?"
"Yes, Cheryl.  Remember before I left I said that I needed to worked it out by myself?  Well I did.  The second day I was here.  Then it verified itself right after I hung up from our first phone call.  She is who I want to spend the rest of my life with.  And I'll tell her so as soon as I get there."
"Good.  Bob and I brought her to our place over the weekend.  We all had a great time and we took her to the Club and I even let Bob cook American for her.  She laughed so hard her poor over-sized stomach ached.
I'm thinking, just throwing this out here . . . ."
"What, Cheryl?"
"If maybe she could stay here with us the last few days before the baby is due.  Then in any case you can't be with her, Bob and I will be?  I'm just throwing the idea out for you to think about.  You'll know how it's best to talk to Tomi about it after you're home for a while and see how she's doing."
"Are you seeing something or know something that I don't know about, Cheryl?"
"No!  Really not, Rick.  Just thinking about how she doesn't seem to have anybody really close to her who is capable of tending to her needs as her time comes closer.  You pointed that out to me."
"Okay.  We'll deal with it.  And thanks Cheryl.  For being a great friend, to both of us.  I've got to cut this off.  Give her my love and I love you guys."
Damn that Bob.  He scared the shit out of me.
I really miss her.  I wonder what it is going to be like when I head back to Fairchild for a few months.  Cheryl will be here for her and she will have the baby and demanding school work to keep her mind and hands busy.
And me with over five years left on an enlistment.
Well Tomako my love we are going to be lifers if we are to be a 'we'.


The next six days crept along at a snails pace.  Leo managed to talk to Linda two more times since the MARS station wasn't very busy and the station manager and the transit alert chief took a liking to him and did all they could to help him out.  Rick didn't mind and one of the buck sergeants on transit alert was getting qualified on KC135s and looked for every chance to be around the crew chiefs of 3653.  So whenever Rick needed somebody to cover for Leo he was available.
The flight crew came out to the tanker almost everyday since they were as bored as Rick and Leo.  Usually they would show up about 1000 hours and stay around until lunchtime then take the crew chiefs to lunch.
It was a bit after 1500 hours on Thursday, November 9th when the white breakers and golden sand beaches slid under the nose of 3653 on final approach to runway 5 at Kadena AFB.
The sun was bright and warm.  A typical November day on Okinawa.  When Rick dropped onto the tarmac under the crew entry door the smells of Okinawa were drifting across the fence from Kadena Circle.  It was a unique mixture that Rick didn't find disagreeable as some of the GIs did.  He could now identify a lot of the individual smells by source.  The smells from the foot wide benjo ditches running along both sides of the street, was a sweetish mix of soapy water and kitchen waste.  Gray water it was called in the States.  Then the drifting kitchen odors of frying fish mixing with the smell of boiling cabbage and unidentifiable smells from the bulk tea shops and small family restaurants.  Many of the individual smells were not objectionable to him, but the resulting potpourri he knew was not a readily marketable fragrance in anyone's store.  At times they were annoying, but never revolting.


"Welcome home Buddies."  A jovial Bob Kruse met them under the tanker's black nose cone.
Here give me your forms.  Leo and I will take care of these.  Won't we?"  He looked at Leo and smiled as he nodded his head slightly.  "I believe that your leader has a previous appointment."
"Sure"  Leo answered also with a smile and took the forms from Rick.
"OK.  What's up?
I just want to get out of this flight suit and take a hot shower and head for Naha."
"I'll take you to the barracks and you can do as you please.  Get in."  Kruse ordered when he opened the passenger door of the pickup.  "We'll drop Leo at job control while I take you to the barracks.
I'll only be a few minutes, Leo.  I doubt if it will take long anyway.
What I told you on the phone Rick, is still good.  You have four days off.  I don't want to see you on the flightline until Tuesday morning for preflight at 0900.
Leo, I still need you to work Monday, so I owe you a day off and you'll get it.  Don Naylor is aboard for the duration and will fly the next round robin for you.  If you want him too.  But I want you to fly the CAP Tuesday so you get November's combat pay and income tax exemption.
Okay, is everyone taken care of for now.  Any questions?
No?  Great.  So I don't expect to hear any complaining.
One last thing."  Bob said as he pulled up in front of job control.  "Cheryl would like everybody to have dinner at the Club Saturday night.  1800.  All three of you"  He stated with a big smile.
Dropping Rick at the barracks he spoke quietly before leaving.  "Cheryl wants to see you, but it can wait.  She wants you to get home to Tomako.  Tomi needs you more than we do.
Also, don't go to the coffee house.  She's at home waiting for you.
Take care, Buddy.  See you Saturday night."
Rick barely had time to slam the passenger door and Kruse was gone.
With an anxious 'to get home feeling', he jogged up the sidewalk and into the barracks.



TWENTY-FOUR

This is undoubtedly the longest trip to Naha that I have ever taken.  I swear the traffic is heavier than I ever saw.
I guess that I never paid attention to it before and I'm impatient to see Tomako.
"Megii, niisan."  Rick told the young sukoshi cab driver so he would turn into the street lined with apartment buildings next to Tomari Port.  "Koko, dozo."
He dropped a dollar bill into the niisan's hand as he hurried past the driver's window before going around the side of the building and hurrying up the stairs.
Looking up Rick saw Tomi's smile light up before she stepped away from the window overlooking the stairs.  
She opened the door when he was barely halfway up, and came quietly out on the small landing.
Two steps at a time, Rick ascended the stairs to her.  Still a floor below her he could not control his smile.  She was smiling as he had never seen her do before and he could see her tears flow down her cheeks.  Two more steps and he took her in his arms.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and wordlessly they stepped back into the house.  Their feverish emotions held them together.  Their lips covered each other's face and neck. And their bodies developed a rhythm of their own.  They touched, ran their hands up and down each other, yet not a word had been spoken.
"Rick-chan I love you."  Were the first words spoken.
Tomi stepped back from the still open door and let Rick kick off his loafers before shoving the door shut with his foot.  
She held onto his hand and led him further into the room before stepping back into his arms.
"I love you too, Tomi.  I missed you and was really lonely without you to talk to."
"I too have been lonely.  But not as much as I was before you came into our life."  She said bending back away from him just far enough so she could place his right hand on her extended stomach.  He also missed you and we talked about you every night before I went to sleep."
"I love your dress."  Tomi's dress was a tailored muumuu like Cheryl wore.  It was a very soft blue with pink apple blossoms and small green leaves.  Her stomach was stretching it to its limit.
"You like it, neh?"  
"Oh, yes.  It's gorgeous.  He slowly caressed her stomach some more before drawing her to him again. 
"I won't be able to wear it much until after Brad comes.  It will fit me again then.  I was hoping that you would like it.  
Mmm, that feels so good.  I would like to lay down.  I get tired and today I have walked back and forth, back and forth waiting for you."
"I got here as quick as I could.  I couldn't wait to be with you and hold you."  Rick said as he walked with her to the bed.
"I know.  I am not complaining.  I just wanted you to understand how I was feeling because you are the only one that I can say these things to."  She said before tugging Rick onto the bed next to her so he could reach her baby stomach.  "I know that you wanted to come home to me as quick as you could."
"Yes, I know.  Relax My Love."  He leaned over her and started to kiss her anew, softly and slowly on her lips, forehead and then down onto her neck as his hand kept slowly rubbing her stomach in a slow circular motion.
Leaning back away, Rick admired her.  Her black hair, brushed shiny and soft was spread out on the pillow around her head.  Her bangs were brushed almost straight down and ended just above her heavy dark eyebrows.  She had put on some darker pink lipstick than she usually wore, but they had kissed most of it off and he could taste its smooth cosmetic flavor on his lips and tongue.  She smelled of a lightly lilac scented soap.
She reached and placed both arms around his neck and pulled his face down into her neck  After a few minutes she rolled over onto her left side and with her right arm reached for Rick and drew him against her backside so they were spooned together.
"I love you very much, Rick.  More than just a friend.  As a true lover.  But we cannot be yet.  Maybe for Christmas we can be a present to each other.
What are you laughing at?"  Tomi asked.
"I know that you were being very serious and loving and I love you very much for it.  But the idea of giving ourselves to each other for a Christmas present struck me as not funny, but very loving and caring.  My laugh is a laugh of delight, not of amusement."
Rick felt her softly laughing as she also realized what she had said and what it could mean to Rick and to herself.  
Slowly she rolled back onto her back, then a bit further so she was facing him and her stomach was resting on his hip.  "I am so happy today that I am crying a lot."  She said while Rick gently wiped her tears from the corner of each eye and kissed the dampness from her high cheek bones.  "You are giving me tears of happiness."
They laid together quietly on the bed watching the sun turn red before it started to sink slowly into the East China Sea.
"Are you getting hungry My Love?  I have our dinner in the refrigerator.  Nothing special.  Yakasoba that coffee house Papa-san made for us this morning.
Do not look at me like that.  I didn't go to work.  Michako brought it over just before you got here.  I thought at first that the car door slamming and noise on the steps was you.  But it was not."
"Were you disappointed?"
"Oh, no.  I figured you would come sometime because I am such a seductive, svelte, and slender woman that you could not resist for very long."  She hid her face in his shoulder so he would not hear nor see her giggles.
Rick placed a hand on her firm butt and drew her as close as they could get in that position.  
"Youre fibbing to me.  You were having a hissy waiting for me to get here to hold you, kiss you and make you feel like I'm seducing you."
"My Lover, you have already seduced me.  At least metaphorically."
"Oh Jesus, an English major.  Seductive, svelte and throw in metaphorically."
"Did you like that?  I have more time again in my life to study.  You have adjusted my head to make me so, neh?"
"I want to lay on you, but I cannot."
"Another Christmas present?"
"No.  A pre-Christmas present on about the twelfth or thirteenth of December.  In the meantime we will have to settle for nestling together with my backside against your belly.
Now, dinner.  Help me up and I'll fix it for us."
"We will fix it.  I'll be your servant and you can be the honcho.  You're good at that."
"Are you saying that I'm bossy?"
"You're the one who runs a coffee house."
"But you are the one who makes young men like Leo do his dirty work.  How is Leo?  He misses his wife very much doesn't he?"
"Yeah.  He does, but he also loves what he's doing.  I think that she will help him work it out.  She wants him to be happy and is willing to go that route."
They stood at the kitchen counter with an arm around each other.  
"There is also some beer for you, cold tea for me and a salad called cole slaw that Cheryl made for you.  She said that you love it and I have to learn how to make it if I want to hang on to you."
"I'll kill her."
"No, shes my best friend.  We are very much alike and if she was a man I would love her as she loves you.  But not as I love you."
"You love me differently?"
"Yes.  Cheryl does not want to make love to you, nor I with her even if she was a he.  I do want to make very passionate love with you."  Then Tomi added so softly that he could barely hear her words.  "Like we have done today, but more."
Rick stepped closer so he could kiss her lips gently.  "I'm glad.  She loves you also and really does love me but said that she was stepping aside for you to take her place in my life."
"Did she really say that?  Honto?"  Tomi asked and leaned her head against his chest.
"Yes.  She has been a cross between a mother figure and sexy aunt.  But I was never tempted to find out how sexy my aunt could be."
"You love and respect her too much, neh?"
"Yes, Lover.  That's so right."
"We can share her together.  Also Bob.  I love him too.  He is funny, yet can be very quiet especially when he is around her.  He leaves everything to her doesn't he?
When do you have to fly again?  Tomi asked changing the subject.
I made the appointment at the university.  The only day we can do it is Monday at 11 o'clock.  Is that all right?"
It's very all right.  I have four days off.  I have to fly Tuesday.  But it is just one daytime flight to Vietnam.  Then as long as nothing happens and it doesn't get too exciting, we'll be home for a late dinner Tuesday evening"
"Don't be too late coming home or I will get very hungry waiting for you."
"What are you saying?"
Tomi made eye contact with him.  Started to blush.  
Before she could get the words out Rick spoke up.  "I want to come home to you every night."
"I want you to live with me and the baby.  I want to share my bed with you every night.  To feel your warmth and know that you are there with me."
She stepped back into his arms.  
"That's what I want also."
"If we keep this up we will never get anything to eat."  Tomi said as she hugged him hard and kissed him passionately on the lips.  "No more until bedtime."
"Why don't you lie down and I'll fix dinner?"
"I'm alright.  I want to be close to you even if you do all the work.  Somebody has to supervise this project."
"When are you going to try to make me some cole slaw?"
"Someday when I am with Cheryl.  I will have her show me.  I don't want to screw it up and use you for a guinea pig.  I want to have it come out right the first time that I make it for you."
"You've been around Cheryl too much.  Screw it up?  Use me for a guinea pig?  Those are definitely Cherylisms.
Everything is fine with you and the baby?  Did the doctor give you some vitamins to take?"
"Everything is very good.  I am going to have a small horse.  And yes, he gave me some sample vitamins.  He said that we can get them at the PX.  Do you want to do that?"
"Of course.  Is there anything else he suggested or that you want?  I'll go to the Machinato commissary and PX either tomorrow or Sunday and get what we need and want."


Rick helped Tomi get comfortable on the tatamis at the table with several pillows.  As they ate, the many questions they each had would come to their minds and they had found that they could ask or answer the other easily and at times were anticipating what the other's answer would be. 
"Did you worry about me and the baby when you were on Guam?"
"A lot.  It was hard on my heart and head.  I knew that I was in love with you yet we were separated before I could really tell you how much.  Nor did I know for sure what your feelings were for me.  I had an idea, but things were not easy for either of us.  I was afraid to ask because I was afraid of the answer.  I'm still amazed at the strength of our love for each other.  I have never had such strong feelings nor felt them from anybody else.
And I worried that the doctor would find something wrong.  Or something that I could fix would happen to you here, while I was on Guam, unable to fix it."  
"I came into your life unexpectedly.  We are learning about each other in the middle of life, Rick.  It is going to be fine no matter what.  We will figure out what we want from each other and from life.  Also importantly, what we want for and is needed by the little one.  We will never know what it is or was, to be just a couple.  At least not until he is through college and on his own."  
"That's funny in ways, we are not teenagers or even twenty years olds and we're talking about not being a couple.  Of having a third person in our lives from day one."
"It doesn't bother you does it, Rick?  Or am I seeing something that is a faade."
"There's no faade.  I am as you see me.  The first time I saw you, Bob said that you were having a baby.  I said no way.  You were slim , svelte with a great butt and sexy breasts  You had on a blue skirt that was so very tight and appealing."
"You're making me blush.  How can you do that?  I want to hear you say things like that, but when you do I blush.  I can no longer wear that skirt, but by New Year's I am going to wear it.  Just for you.  How did Bob know about the baby?"
"He said it was because he was a father and knew from experience when a woman was pregnant."
"I didn't really believe him that day."
"But you came back the next day by yourself.  Why?  Didn't you think I was a married woman?"
"That was the seventh of July and I was already fascinated by you.  I never thought about or cared that you were married.  And I still wasn't convinced that you were pregnant."
"Then you came to see me in August. Six weeks made a big difference in my body.  Didn't it put you off?  An ugly fat belly pregnant woman."
"Yes, there was no doubt that you were pregnant, but I was never put off by it.  I still thought and still think that you are a very beautiful woman and I guess that I was already in love with you.  Never did I, would I, ever see anything ugly about you."
"You were thinking that I was married then?  Six weeks later?"
"Oh yes."
"Yet you came to see me."
"I was in love and didn't know it."
"You are so sweet and honest, Rick.  It is no wonder that I fell in love with you, though I did not want to.
The day that I told you Brad had been killed in Vietnam, I half hoped that it would put you off and I wouldn't see you again.  I was feeling guilty that I was carrying his baby, flirting with you and enjoying the attention you were giving me.  That I needed you as a friend, was scaring me.  And the other thoughts were that I wanted you to stay, and to come back to see me so we could get to know each other.  
Then I was afraid that I would make you a substitute for him.  But you are not.  I will always love Brad and hold a place for him in my heart.  You are not a replacement.  You are my own true love who will now be on the top of my mind and heart.
I hope that you believe this, Rick."
"You know I do.  I never thought that you would hand out your heart on a whim or for any reason but that you truly love me."
Rick was holding both of Tomi's hands in his and knew for the first time that something was missing.  He looked down at her left hand and saw that her rings were gone.
"I took them off a week and a half ago.  The Sunday after you left.  If I was going to be yours, I knew that it had to be completely."
"You're going to keep them, neh?  Brad should have them to give to his wife."
"We will bring him up knowing that he has two fathers?"
"Hai.  You loved his father and had his child so there is no doubt in my mind that he was a fine person who would have loved you and his son.  And his son deserves to know this."
"Do you want to turn on the TV."
"Not really.  Let's leave the stereo on.  I'll clean up the kitchen while you rest on the bed watching for boats.  I'm also going to drink one more of those great Asahi beers while I slave in the kitchen."
"How very terrible for you.  Work all day flying around the world then being made the slave of a pregnant woman at night."
"All right.  I know that you're being a smart-ass again."
I am going to put on my nemaki, brush my teeth and then crawl under this lovely warm futon.  You are quite welcome to join me any time that you get through playing in the kitchen and drinking beer."
"That's an invitation that I cannot refuse.  I've been waiting for it for weeks.  I'll just skip the beer and hurry up."  Rick laughed and watched as Tomi's blush reappeared.
"See what you do to me."  She said throwing her arms onto his shoulders and giving him a quick kiss on the lips.  
"This is your nemaki.  I bought it for you on the first Saturday that you were on Guam.  You will need at least one, maybe two more.  We can pick them out together when we go to Kokusai Dori."
"Thank you Tomi.  I love the color and I'll look like an Okinawan husband."
"Hurry so you can make me comfy and warm."
Tomi was propped up on a couple of bed pillows and one of the silk covered pillows from the floor so she could look out at the ocean.  She had both arms laid gently on her baby belly and the futon only pulled up to just below her stomach.  
She smiled when Rick turned out the lights and in the glow of Tomari Port's lights made his way to the bed.  "You look very good in your new nemaki.  Do you like it?"
"It's really comfortable.
Are you warm enough?"
"I will be when I have you to cuddle against."  With that she tossed the futon to the side away from the opposite side of the bed and patted the sheet next to her.  "Dozo."  
Her smile grew and even in the dim light Rick had no trouble getting the full meaning of her smile and invitation.  He laid down next to her.  Made a small attempt to push her over on the pillows she was laying on.  Tomi raised her shoulders so Rick could put his arm behind her and at the same time twisted slightly closer to him and threw her left leg across his thighs.  He tightened his hold on her.  Bent towards her and their lips met.  As their passion deepened, Rick's right hand slipped down onto her bare thighs as her left hand also reached for him and came to rest on his bare hip.
"I love you."  She murmured between kisses.  
On its own volition, Rick's right hand came up onto her swollen stomach and started to gently caress her bare skin.  He felt the baby move a little bit.  It stopped, then moved again.  Rick felt a lump under his hand and reached for Tomi's hand and guided it to her stomach.
"That's his head.  He's turning over.  Getting ready to enter our world.  He has been head down a couple of times in the last few days, but then he decides that he doesn't like it so he turns back up.
He will be all right and will stay down so he can be born correctly."
"He has what?  A month to get in the right position?"
"Hai.  I think he will be born on December 10.  The doctor is not so sure.  He thinks Brad will come a few days sooner than that.
Feel?  He went back up.  He thinks that it is fun to mess with his mother's mind."
"Are you ready to settle for the night, Love?  Shall I get rid of the pillows?"
"Hai.  I use two since my belly has been full of baby and  I get . . . maybe heartburn?"
"Sounds right.  Here let me get them."
"For a little while I will lay on just one pillow so you can hold me until I get more sleepy.  Then I will use two under my head, dozo."
Tomi snuggled down under the futon as close to Rick as she could get.  Her stomach was pressing against him and she was bent so she could reach his lips.
"We can make love if we are careful ."  She spoke softly.  "I can feel that you want to." .
Rick raised himself over her upper body, leaned into her and gently kissed her several times.  She wrapped her arms around his neck keeping him down close to her.
"I don't think that would be a good idea.  You are almost into your ninth month and have not made love for that long.  It could be very uncomfortable for you."
They kept holding each other.  
"I want to turn over now and have you hold me very close.  
Is that all right?  I don't want to tease you, but I think it would feel very nice.  And you could . . . you know, if you wanted to."
"I'm fine.  Here's your other pillow."
Rick spooned up against her backside and drew her tightly up to him.  Tomi took his right hand which he had across her shoulders, and pulled it under her nemaki and firmly placed it on her bare right breast.  "Is that too much?  I like it.  It is comfortable.  That is the wrong word, neh?"
"I think you mean comforting.   No, it isn't too much.  I enjoy touching you.  I love you Tomako-chan."
"I love you too.  Yes, it is comforting."



TWENTY-FIVE

Rick slowly returned to the awake world as the scent of fresh brewing coffee penetrated his senses.
"You are alive.  I was beginning to wonder."  Tomi sat on Rick's side of the bed and gingerly bent over to kiss him on the lips.  "It's 10 o'clock.  You have slept for over eleven hours.  The kohi is fresh and I'll bring you a cup, but I think that you will probably want to wash your face and use the bathroom first.  Then you can get back in bed if you like while I bring you kohi."
"When did you get up, Tomi?"
"About 8 o'clock.  When I stay in bed too long I need to use the bathroom and get very hungry.  I have become a buta.  A pig.  I want to eat all the time.
It was so very good to sleep next you.  Whenever I woke up I would move close to you, feel your warmth and skin touching me and I would go right back to sleep.  For a long time when I was alone, I would wake up and lay awake for what seemed forever, before I would go back to sleep."
Rick threw off the futon and swung his legs off the bed. 
Tomi hugged him making eye contact and smiling.  "Do you want fresh kohi or a shower first?"
"Okay.  I'll have the kohi first."
Shaking her head Tomi stepped around the bed and picked up the coffee pot and two cups from the end of the kitchen counter.  "I'll have a cup with you.  Then it's a shower for you.  I have already taken mine."  She said with a shy smile.
"Can we just stay home and relax today, Rick.  I think that we both need to rest and relax."
"Sure.  We have to meet the Kruses and Leo at the Club tomorrow night.  Is that all right for you?"
"Cheryl and I talked about it and I told her it would be fine.  I would like to take a slow walk down to the Port though.  To get the fresh fish I am going to cook for you tonight.  Would you like some sashimi, Rick?  We can also get some when we go out."
"Sounds very good to me.  Do you have enough beer to get you through the weekend?"
"Eeee!  You are terrible Rick Davis!  You know I don't drink beer!"
"My, we are getting excited."


Tomi came from the kitchen and stood over him where he sat at the table on a cushion with a bottle of Asahi watching a freighter headed for Naha Port.  There was a warm, gentle breeze coming in the slider.  She had on a pair of shorts that refused to stay on her stomach.  She was bare down to the waistband of her panties which also refused to stay up and looked more like bikinis than the modest women's panties they were.  
She kicked him gently on the thigh.  "Put your knees down so I can sit in your lap.  I want my belly rubbed and for you to feel this child and tell me what you think he is doing.  He is flipping back and forth every few minutes and kicks like he's scuba diving."
With her back to him, she lowered her self slowly down onto his lap before leaning back and laying her head on his shoulder.  Then she took both his hands and placed them on her stomach.
"What do you know about scuba diving?"
"I'll have you know that I went twice.  Scared me, but I wouldn't admit it.  I do like to snorkel though.  I'm alright as long as I'm on the top of the water."
Rick rubbed her belly, felt the baby move slowly a couple times.
"You're so gentle.  He knows that it is you rubbing his mother and settles down.  I think you put him to sleep.
Mmm.  Don't stop.  Go lower, dozo. The tops of my legs are tired."
"Your thighs?'
Hai.   Were they meet my belly."  She guided his hands onto the lower part of her stomach and slowly moved them down onto her thighs.
"I have to buy some more panties.  All the ones I have are like these and won't stay up.  Either the elastic stretches beyond use or they were just not very good to begin with.  I need at least two new bras.  I have none that fit me, but I'll only need them for a couple of months.  Just until I get back to normal size."
"You're going to breast feed, Brad.  So I think you are going to have big breasts for a while longer than another couple months."
"Of course.  You're correct.  I wasn't thinking.  It could be for a year and a half or two years, neh?  What do you think?  How long should I breast feed him?"
"I'm afraid that you're asking the wrong person."
"You must have some idea.  One year, two years?"
"My thoughts would be to talk to the doctor.  Talk to a woman like Cheryl.  To me, most importantly, is to see how the kid is doing.  How big he gets and how fast he gets there."
"I have talked to some women.  None of them seemed to have an answer that fits my baby and I."
"Doesn't that tell you something?"  You are an independent thinking woman.  You always come out with the correct answers when you listen and then make up your own mind."
"Okay.  We'll see how Brad is doing then decide when to wean him.  I like that idea.
You don't mind if I nurse him for a year or even two?"
"I want a happy, healthy wife and child.  If that's what it takes, so be it."
"That seems to be it, domo, Rick.  
But I have to have at least one new bra now.  I can't go in public without one.  And I really need one before tomorrow night.  I don't want to be around a bunch of GIs without wearing a bra with these big boobs."  Tomi raised her shirt.  "See how big I am.  I'm already huge and I'm not feeding him yet.  Yesterday before you got home,when I was dressing, I put on my biggest bra that is only a month old and it was so tight that it hurt me.  That is why I wasn't wearing one when you came.  I wasn't trying to be sexy.  I just didn't have one that fit me
Did you think that I was being sexy?  Tell me the truth, Rick."
"I didn't think that you were trying to be sexy.  I knew that you were sexy."
"Eeee, Rick! "
"Easy.  Slow down.  I know that you don't think youre sexy or were not trying to be.  You just are naturally sexy and don't even know it.  Tomi, you would be sexy dressed in an Eskimo's parka with only your nose showing."
"You think that, Rick?  Really?"
"I'm prejudice because I'm in love with you.  So shoot me for telling the truth."
"How could I shoot the one person who I know will always tell me the truth?
I am going to dress like an Arab wife.  You know, that black sack dress with netting to breathe and see through.  But only until after he's born and I get my body back."
"Maybe we should go to Kokusai Dori tomorrow and buy you some lingerie before you do something drastic.  There is no way I can get them at the PX because you don't even know what sizes you'll need.  Maybe after you come up with some sizes I'll be able to."
"Domo Rick.  Now I will get dressed in something that will conceal my big body parts so we can go buy our dinner.  Yes?"
"Hai.  If you'll get off of me, I'll get dressed."
"Help me up. dozo.  It seems like a long ways up when I get down like this.  When you go back to work I won't sit on the tatamis except when you are with me.  I might get down and not be able to get up again.  There will be no one here to help me up."  She kidded knowing she just wanted to feel his touch.
Rick placed his hands under Tomi's arms and lifted her upwards.   "It's a good thing that you're petite.  Makes it easier for me to pick you up.  Maybe we should buy you a rocking chair,  It will be good for now until the baby comes, then you can sit in it to nurse him.  All American mothers sit in them to soothe and nurse their babies."
"Honto?.  I have seen them but never sat in one.
Can we get one here on Okinawa, Rick?"
"Hai, I'm sure that we can.  We'll look tomorrow when we go to Kokusai Dori."


"I would like to eat lunch at the coffee house.  Then we can come home from there."
"Good idea.  You can rest all afternoon before we meet Bob and Cheryl.
Where do you want to go to shop for your lingerie?  Ryubo's?"
"Oh, no.  There is a very nice women's store around the corner just off of Kokusai Dori.  She has very nice lingerie, some American and European.
I have bought some things there.  I will show them to you after the baby is born."  Tomi said with a shy smile.


"You like this bra?  I want to try it on if you like it."
"I think what matters is if you like it and if it's comfortable." 
Tomi took two different sizes and started for the dressing room.  "I think one of these will be the right size.  Come on I want you to look at it after I try it on."
Tomi disappeared into the curtained dressing room.  
"Rick, are you there?  Come close to the curtain."
"Okay.  I'm here."
"Is anybody else there?  I just have a bra on.
"It's okay show me."
Tomi reached thru the curtain and grabbed at Rick.  "Come in, dozo.  Please."
She stood back from the curtain holding her arms across her breasts though she did have a bra on.
Dropping her arms she looked at him questioningly.  "Well, what do you think?"
"It's very pretty and does things for you, but it's too small.  It can't be comfortable.  It looks like it's squeezing you."
"Yes, I think so too.  The longer I have it on, the more uncomfortable it's getting.  Turn around.  I'm going to try the bigger one on."
Rick reached for the curtain to leave.
"No!  Stay, dozo.  It will just take me a second.
Okay, now you can turn around.  Well?  It is the same, neh?  Just a bigger size."
"I'm not an expert in bras, Tomi.  But I would say that it's also too small."
"How can I have got so huge?  Last month the bra I bought was two inches smaller and the . . . holders, were one size smaller.
Oh, what are they, Rick?"  She asked and held her hands up in front of her breasts as if she was holding an apple in each hand.
"I think that they call them cups.  Cup size."
"Yes.  I knew that.  Why could I not remember it?"
"Relax Love.  Turn around and let me look at the clasp in the back.
I think it is big enough around your chest.  Your breasts have just grown bigger around.  Let me go get you a couple of other sizes."
"Domo, Rick.  I'm okay.  I just have not tried to deal with these kind of things before.  For twenty years my body has not changed size.  Then all of a sudden I am getting huge and fat."
"You are not getting huge and fat.  A little bigger yes.  A little extra padding that will disappear about Christmas time.
If you stop eating so much."  He said almost under his breath.
"I heard that.  I promise that my new dress will fit me for New Year's Eve and you will drool when you see me in it."  She knew that he was kidding because they had talked about her eating and realized that it was for the baby,
"Turn around, domo."  Tomi laughed out loud very noisily.  "Look at me, Rick.  I have become a old woman in a tiny while."
Rick couldn't help but laugh.  The bra she had on was huge on her small body.  It was so loose that the front of it flapped and hung down off her breasts barely covering her nipples.  
"I hope that's the largest one."
"It is."  She said reaching behind her and unclasped the bra.  "Maybe none of them will fit me."
"I brought two others.  They're different combinations of sizes.  The sales lady said for my okusan to try them on."
With no further thought of modesty Tomi slipped her arms out of the oversized bra and into the straps of the bra that Rick handed her.  Turned her back to him and asked . . . . "Dozo, hook it.  My arms are tired.
Oh.  Oh, Rick.  I think it fits.  It feels good.  What do you think?"  She turned back to face him.  She cupped a breast in each hand, lifted and wiggled each breast smiling happily.  
"Good.  Now can I leave?"
"Oh, I am sorry.  It is not your thing is it?  I made you stand here and undressed in front of you."
"I understand and it's okay, Tomi."
She stepped up close.  Her stomach pushed against him when she kissed him with more than a little passion.  "Thank you, Rick.  You spoil me and let me use you.
I am going to wear this one today and buy another the same size.  We can wait to see if I blowup anymore before buying others."
After Rick closed the curtain behind him he turned back and told her, "You can pick out and try on panties by yourself.  If you want my opinion it will have to wait until we get home."
He heard laughter from behind the closed curtain.  "We can do that.  Do you want to wait outside?  I won't be long.  I already know what I need and you don't have to worry, there will be nothing provocative or sexy about them.  Now go.  I'll be just a couple of minutes, My Love."


After a warm welcome from Michako and Mama-san, Tomi and Rick went to what they now considered their table in the back of the coffee house.
"I have always liked this table.  It is the most private and unobtrusive."
Did you and Brad sit here?"
"Yes."  Tomi answered in surprise that Rick had asked such a question.  "Does it bother you?"  She asked him.
"No.  Jesus, no.  I'm just glad to see that you can sit here with me and be happy."
"Brad would want me to be happy."  She took Rick's right hand in both of hers.  "I am really happy now and no longer scared about what could happen to me and the baby.  I have you who will help me and hold me when I get scared.  How can I be anything but really very happy?  I love you so very much, Rick."
"Okay, but we have to add some conditions to this relationship."  He said with mock seriousness.  "You cannot, I repeat, cannot . . . "
Tomi looked at him in amazement.  Never had she heard him talk to her like this.
"Ever tell anybody about today's shopping trip.  Especially about buying bras.  I'm glad I left before we got into the buying of pregnant ladies panties.  That would have been a real kicker."  He finished as he still tried to maintain his tone of seriousness.
She watched his face.  Stared into his eyes and waited for him to break down.  She did know him very well.  Knew that he could not hold out against her.  She contemplated turning on the sad face but decided that would be too cruel after their talk of Brad.
She watched the corners of his mouth slowly start to twitch upwards.  Now his eyes were smiling and so she knew it was time.  A flick of her tongue and Rick burst out laughing.
"Damn you, Tomi.  Won't you ever let me win?"
She shook her head gently.  "You are too easy.  You show your whole life on your face."
"Cheryl told me that not long ago.  I guess that it's true, huh?"
"Yes My Love. It is very true."


"I will be ready in just a minute more.  Are you ready for the unveiling of the new Tomako Tomanaga?  You will only get this one chance until about Christmas time."
Tomi came out the bathroom.  She had on the dress that she had greeted Rick home in.  It was of course still tight across her stomach.  Her new bra held her better and added an uplift that had been missing before.  She had a touch of the new deeper pink lipstick on and a little less blush on her high cheek bones since her complexion had taken on a fresh bloom of its own.  Her hair was up on the top of her head with a few strands of her raven black hair hanging down to outline each side of her face.  Rick took a deep breath.  Held it, until it escaped in a ragged breath.  "My God, You are so beautiful."
He let her come to where he sat at the table.  When she came within reach he pressed his face against her baby belly and held it gently with a hand on each side of its bountiful curves.  Her hands touched his hair than gently moved down to the sides of his face.
"I think that we should go.  Kiss me gently or I will have to put my lipstick on again."  She told him when he stood, and took her hand before starting for the door.
Tomi's ojisan was waiting for them and said that he would check at Kadena Gate #1 for them about ten o'clock to bring them home.
"Maybe make it 2100 Ojisan."  Rick told him.  "Our sukoshi mama-san gets tired early and will never make it past then."
When Tomi and Rick walked into the NCO Club and started across the dining room Bob was the first to notice them.  He shook his head in wonder, softly whistled until Cheryl looked at him and followed his line of sight.
She placed both hands to her mouth and smiled as the tears started to run down her face.
Leo turned to look.  Got up and walked to them.  Reaching them he shook Rick's hand, then kissed Tomi carefully on the cheek as if she was made of a delicate porcelain.  He took her hand that Rick wasn't holding and led them to the table.
The Kruses both stood and smiling broadly, yet a word hadn't been spoken.  Cheryl hugged Tomi first then Rick.
"You are absolutely beautiful."  Bob exclaimed as he stepped back from Tomi.  "Isn't she Cheryl?"
"You are very beautiful, Tomako."  Cheryl reiterated and again hugged her.  "Rick, whatever you have done to and for this girl is amazing.  She has absolutely blossomed since we first met her."  She placed a small gentle hand on Tomi's stomach.  Waited until she felt him stir then smiling, almost laughing asked,  "Is everybody feeling as good as you look, Tomi.  I cannot believe that you are 38 years old.  I swear that you are still a child yourself."
"Oh domo arigato gozaimasu.  You are all so kind."  Tomi thanked them with a voice full of emotion and went on.  "We are all wonderful.  The baby is growing and very active.  Rick has been so kind and it is so good to have him home.  I really do need him right now."
They all sat down and ordered fresh drinks with no serious talk but lots of side comments and laughter.  
"What do you want  Lover?"  Rick asked her.  "I'm going to have a C/C and kori mizu."
"I'll have the same, dozo."  When everybody turned their attention towards her she smiled and added, "without the C/C.  
Chotto matte kudasai?"  She asked the waitress.  Then turned to Rick and asked.  "Maybe something like ginger ale?  A small one?  Dozo."
"Sure."  Rick looked at the waitress who nodded her head slightly in the affirmative.
"Bob, are you looking at a bottle of wine with dinner?  A nice mellow white Zinfandel to go with fish."  Rick asked
"You don't know anything about wine yet do you?"  Cheryl asked with a smile.  
"In four years of training I couldn't teach him a thing, Tomi.  I hope, in fact I can see that you are having better luck than I did."
Tomi smiled.  Turned to Rick and under the table took his left hand and squeezed it as hard as she could while she leaned over and kissed him on the cheek.
"Domo arigato."  Rick told her.
"Do-itashimashite, My Love."  She answered with a smile.
They were back in kind of an alcove which was quieter than the main part of the dining room.  It did have speakers so the music from the bandstand came back to them.  The group of five had a quiet meal with talk of life, children, babies, clothes, but no mention of work.  Subjects like flying, tankers and being TDY was off limits on this night. 
Rick turned to Tomi when she and Cheryl, who was sitting on her left started to talk about how their bodies changed as their time drew nearer.  Tomi caught his motion and turned to him with a gentle smile.  Made a kissing motion with her lips and patted his thigh before continuing to talk to Cheryl.
Assured that no tales would be told out of school, Rick couldn't help but chuckle when Cheryl in the usual Cheryl animated discussion, put her cupped hands up in front of her to describe to Tomi how her breasts had enlarged and she also went through the buying bigger bras stage.  Then the drift was that she quit wearing bras at all until after she got through nursing.
Bob was interested in the discussion and had to add his comments to Cheryl's.  He wanted to relate how Cheryl, in the inevitable Cheryl approach, would embarrass him by going bra-less wearing just one of his tee shirts which draped over her baby belly.   "For two kids she did this," he complained smiling and obviously proud of his petite outspoken wife.
Rick felt Tomi lean against his shoulder and he checked his watch.  It was barely 2030.  He turned to her.  Her soft smile and drooping eyelids told him all he needed to know.
"Okay, guys.  I hate to break up this get together, but it is almost Cinderella's midnight.  I have to get my little bundles of joy home and put them to bed.
Thanks you for the great meal and talk."  He stood, helped Tomi up and held her against his side as she thanked everybody and tentatively made plans for them to go to the Kruse's home and that Cheryl would come to the coffee house when Tomi went back to work next week.
"I'll see you Tuesday morning, Leo.  0900, Bob?"
"You got it.  Plans are still the same."
"I hope Ojisan will be waiting for us."  Rick said to himself as he opened the Club's outside door for Tomi and slipped an arm around her waist as they passed through the door.
He hailed a base taxi and told the driver Gate #1.
"He will be waiting somewhere out of the way where he can see us when we go out the gate.  He is always early for me."  Tomi assured him.



TWENTY-SIX

The sun came through the apartment's south windows at enough of an angle to put some of its warmth onto Tomi's side of their bed.  It didn't seem to be disturbing her.  She was tucked up against him with her left leg thrown over his left thigh and her left arm was stretched across the space created by her stomach, to rest on his shoulder.
Rick went to move his thigh out from under her but she moved her left leg higher and closer to him as her right knee slid up against his stomach.
She moaned softly and in a rolling push, slid further up onto him until her stomach stopped her from going any higher.
"Are you getting up?"
"I might if you let me."
"I like you where you are.  I want to feel you up close."  Then she thrust her baby belly tighter against his thigh.
Rick slid his right hand down from her waist onto her butt and pulled her tighter into him.
"Mmm.  That's nice.  Do you think we are corrupting the baby?"
"Doubt it.  His morals aren't developing yet.  
Besides, we're just doing what comes natural.  For us."
"For us?  Do you mean we could be perverted because no one else would do it?"  She spoke in a sleepy voice.  "I think this is good exercise for a pregnant lady."
"How about if she isn't a lady?"
"Are you saying that I'm not a lady?"
"No.  I'm just asking."
"Get out of my bed.  Go make your kohi and let me dream about the Christmas present you're going to give me.  Rick?"
"Huh?"
"What time is it?  The sun is warm.  I think it is late.  And I have to pee."
"It's Sunday.  You're going to stay home and rest while I go to the PX at Machinato and buy you some sexy lingerie.  What are you late for?  To go back to sleep?"
"But I have to pee.  Are you making fun of me again?  You know pregnant women have to pee a lot."
Rick laid back down next to her and when she rolled her back to him.  He snuggled up closer to her backside.
"Maybe I'll stay here with you all day, just like this."
"Mmm.  That would be nice."  Tomi pushed back against him and spoke louder with more animation in her voice.  "What did you say you were going to buy me?  Something sexy?  Like underwear?"
"I didn't say I was going to buy you anything."
"Yes, you did.  I heard you.  Now tell me?"
"I think that you'll just have to wait until I get home."
Rick got off the bed and headed for the bathroom.
"I'm first.  I have to pee.  You make the kohi, neh?"  Tomi said loudly.  Then tried to hurry off their bed being hindered by her baby.


It was almost 1500 when Rick arrived at the bottom of the stairs to their apartment stopped in the full size taxi that he had taken from the PX at Machinato.  It took a couple of minutes to get his purchase out of the trunk of the full sized American built taxi with the help of the driver.  He had bought a small blanket to pad it from damage while bringing it home.  He let the blanket stay draped over the chair when he and the driver set it next to the foot of the stairs.
Rick heard the door open and looked up before Tomi spoke.
"Rick?  I was worried. You have been gone a long time.  Are you all right?"
"I'm fine. Tomi-chan.  Sorry I was gone so long, but I wanted to get some things and it took time to find everything and get a taxi home."  He was talking as he climbed the stairs with a bag from the PX in each hand.
"Nan desu ka?"  Tomi asked.
"What?"
"Down there.  At the bottom of the steps.  Is that a blanket?"
"Yeah,  I guess it is."
"Why is it hanging there?  Is it new?  For me?  And why did you pay for such a huge taxi?"
"Yeah, I guess it is."
"Rick-san?  Is that all you can say?  I see something under the blanket, neh?"
"Really?  I can't image what it could be."
"It is for me, neh?"
Rick reached the top landing and gently guided Tomi back in the door.
"Take these bags.  Don't peek now.  You can look in a few minutes.  All right?  Or am I going to have to lock them up?"
"I promise not to touch them if you tell me about the blanket downstairs?"
"It's a deal.  You can watch from the landing, but you cannot go down the stairs.  I'll bring it up to you."
He almost trotted down the stairs and with a flourish when he reached the bottom, jerked the blanket off and rolled it up into a ball.
"Eeee!  My rocking chair.  Rick!  Where did you get it?  Ohh!  I want to come see it.  I can tell it is beautiful."  Her voice had gone up several octaves.
Rick picked up the chair by the arms.  Raised it over his head and started up the stairs.  Almost at the top he stopped.  "You're going to have to go inside Tomi so I can set this thing down.  It's getting heavy."  
She stepped back just far enough to give him room to set the chair down.
"Let's put it inside so you can try it out.  Just a second."  He put the chair down next to the bed and Tomi slipped into it as soon as it hit the floor.
"It is so beautiful, Rick."  She caressed the lacquered arms with her small soft hands.  "It's Okinawan isn't it?  I love it.  I'll be able to sit in it and then after the baby comes I will sit in it to nurse him and rock him to sleep." 
"It's Okinawan made.  The PX has a contract to buy them and sell them to the GIs.  They only have one or two at a time.  They got this one Friday and it was sold, but the people who wanted it hadn't come in to get it yet.  I begged the manager to sell it to me and let the other people get the next one.  And he said alright."
"Laughing happily and with her eyes shining Tomi stood up and came to Rick.  She wrapped her arms round his waist as she leaned her head against his chest.  
Rick hugged her and when she raised her face he bent down and kissed her.  Her arms went around his neck and she stretched herself up to her full height.
"You spoil me.  And I do love to be spoiled by you."
"Is this where you want it?  
It looks out of place.  You'll be sitting over here and I'll be on the other side of the bed by myself.  I won't be able to even see you."
"That's what I think also.  Can we put it near the table?"
"How about I move the bed more this way .  Away from the table and TV to give you more room by the table?"
"You can move it?  Ojisan had a tomodachi help him."
"We can do it.  You are the brains and honcho and I'll be the laborer."
"I think that you are pulling my leg."
"Okay, You'll see.  How far over this way will we move it?"
"I think we will know when it gets there."
"See, I told you, you're the honcho."
It only took a few minutes before Tomi was in her new chair, able to look out the slider and also watch television.
"What's in the bags, Rick?  Are they for me?  I think the rocker is a lot.  It was takusan money, neh?"
Rick handed her one of the bags after taking a quick look in it.
She frowned when she took out another smaller bag which seemed to contain only tissue paper.  A hint of red material showed itself wrapped in the tissue paper which she hurriedly removed.  Her smile spread wide and her eyes danced.  "A sexy bra that will fit me, neh?"
"I hope.  It's the sexiest one I could find that I think will be comfortable for you."
"Shall I model it for you?  Oh yes.  I want to model it for you."
"Look in there then maybe checkout the other bag before you do."
"A red nightie.  It is so pretty.  But I don't think it will be very sexy with my stomach."
"Actually, it's an experiment.  It's a teddy for a big tall American.  I think that it will be sexy when you put it and the matching panties on.
Besides, I think that you are very sexy with your baby belly."
Rick picked up the last bag and took out a light green dress.  It may not be very sexy, but it won't fit like a bag either.  It's just a size bigger than your blue one."  



TWENTY-SEVEN

"Tomi?  Is Ojisan going to pick us up?"
"No.  He isn't working this morning so I didn't tell him that we were going to the university.  Is that okay, Rick?  I can call him."
"It's fine Love.  We can catch a taxi at Tomari Port.  We'll just leave a little sooner."
"I'm through putting on make-up, so I just have to get dressed."  Tomi spoke through the door before she came out of the small bathroom.
"I'm scared and my stomach is jittery.  What if I ask a stupid question, or they think I'm too uneducated to go to the university?  Rick, look at me.  I'm a 38 year old mother-to-be who has a huge belly, has to pee all the time and can't hardly get up off a chair.  Maybe I shouldn't sit down.  I'll just stand."
Rick stepped across the apartment to where Tomi was still standing in front of the bathroom door.  He folded her in his arms and held her as close as he could.  Then he rubbed her bare shoulders and back.
"You will do fine.  We'll take the time to find a bathroom before the appointment.  If your mind goes blank, which I don't believe will happen, just take a deep breath and I'll say something to get you going again.  But I have never known you not to be able to talk."
"Are you saying that I'm a compulsive talker?"
"No.  I'm saying that your are very articulate and never have to struggle to know what to say.  You have almost enough English credits to get a Bachelors degree in English already.  Now put on something besides a bra and panties or we'll never get out of here on time."
"What do you mean by that?  What are you thinking about, Rick?"
"Nothing, except that we have to leave shortly."
"Yeah?"  Tomi commented with a seductive smile as she stepped out of his arms and went to their bed where she had laid out her dress.
She picked up her new dress.  "I am going to feel really dressed up and not like some big fat pregnant woman with this dress you gave me.  Thank you, Rick-san."
He was just a couple of steps away and after taking them slapped her lightly on her  firm panty covered butt.  "Get dressed."
"Hai, Love  Are all of my records in the case?"
"Hai, you put them in there and checked on them at least 20 times since last night, Tomi."
"I'm nervous."
"I know.  It will work out, just wait and see.  I have complete faith in you and know that you can do it."
She looked up into his eyes.  Took the one step that separated them and turned her face up to him for a kiss.
After the kiss, she smiled her broad happy smile.  "Thank you, Rick."


"My stomach is fluttering, again.  And it is not aka-chan."  Tomi tightened her grip on Rick's hand as they entered the university's administration building. 
"What time is it?  I need a benjo."  Tomi looked around with a touch of anxiety."It's okay.  It's only 1040 or so.  There's a restroom on the right and the office we want is the next office after."
Rick held the door of the Dean of Admission's office for Tomi.  
A very nice looking older Okinawan woman looked up from her desk and smiling, spoke first.  "Tomako Tomanaga?  Dozo, sit down here."  Indicating a chair placed alongside her desk.  Her desk had files and books piled on it but still managed to look neat and organized.  "I am Keiko Uehara, the Dean's assistant.  I must ask you a few questions and help you get started with your paperwork.  Then the Dean will see you to answer any questions you have and determine if you are eligible for admission to the university."  She spoke in perfect English having seen how Tomi was hanging onto Rick's hand and not making any attempt to sit down in the chair that she had offered her.
"Please."  She said and rose to move another chair closer to her desk for Rick.  "And you are?"  She asked.
"Gomen nasai.  I'm Rick Davis.  A friend of Tomako's."
"He is my fiance."  Tomi spoke up.  
"Of course."  Keiko Uehara answered with another gracious smile full of understanding and maybe a bit of wishfulness as she saw the love that existed between this couple.
After asking a multitude of questions and filling in several forms, Uehara-san stood.  "I will take these to the Dean and tell him that you are ready to see him."
In just three or four minutes, Uehara-san returned to her desk and sat down.
"Can I offer some advice for when you talk to the Dean, Tomako-chan?"
"Dozo."  Tomi answered making eye contact with the woman.  "I would appreciate any help.  I want very much to be admitted to the university."
"The Dean is a very nice man and will listen to you.  He will not make a decision until he is satisfied that he has asked all the right questions and you have said all that you want him to know.  Tell him everything you have told me and make sure all your answers to his questions are the same as I have put on your application.  Emphasize your desire and what you have learned from the courses that you have already completed and did so well in.  Your grade point average of 3.86 is admirable and he will know that."
"Domo arigato gozaimasu, Uehara-san.  I will do my best."
"Yes, you will.  I know how much you want to continue your education, and I believe that I will see you in January when your classes start.  Now I will take you both into see the Dean.  It is unusual for him to interview a perspective student with another person present.  But I told him that I thought it would be better to see you both together, and he agreed.  Come this way, dozo."


Stepping out into the hall leaving the Admissions Office, Tomi wrapped herself around Rick's right arm hugging it hard.  "I am so happy.  It's you that is making it happen for me, Rick.  You make me brave and want to do things.  I have good feelings about the Dean and I will start classes in January."
"Hai.  I agree.  He was very positive and it's just a formality to notify you in writing.  Don't betray yourself Tomi.  As I've told you before, you have a lot of courage and drive.  You know what you want and are willing to take a bad moment or two to get what you believe is right and what you want."
"Domo arigato anyway Rick.  I love you and need you to help me through life."
"That My Dear, is a two-way street.  I also need you to help me."
"I believe that is true, but right now I need the benjo.  I thought that I was going to pee my pants before the Dean stopped asking questions and talking.  He is very nice and I trust him."
"I'll wait here for you.  Take your time and relax a little."
"Rick-san?  Rick Davis."
Rick turned towards the familiar voice.  
The tiny Okinawan lady coming up the corridor towards him, wore a floral beige colored, Western style dress.  Her gray hair was short, neat and obviously professionally done.  As she came closer Rick saw her slightly wrinkled but unblemished complexion.
"Obasan?"  Rick smiled, surprised but glad to see the pleasant woman.  He caught himself as he remembered what had transpired of late and not sure what she thought or her opinion was about Kimiko's misadventure.  "Gomen, Toyama-san.  Maybe I was wrong in calling you Obasan?"
"Not at all Rick.  I'm flattered that you would still want to, and that you would remember my name.  My granddaughter has embarrassed you, me and the rest of the family and other people who knew and trusted her."
She took his right hand in both hers, not to shake hands, but to hold in a warm friendly way.  "I am so sorry that she tried to deceive and use you."
Rick heard and felt Tomi come from the restroom.  She hesitated for a second before coming to him and reaching for his left hand which was free..
"Tomi, this is..."  
"I know, Professor Toyama.  Professor, you taught two of my English classes almost a year ago."
"Of course"  Obasan continued to speak in English.  "Tomako Tomanaga.  You were my favorite student.  Then you stopped taking courses?  And now I can see why."
"She is also Kimiko's grandmother."  Rick spoke up not wanting the truth and his past connection to get lost in the history of everyone's relationships.
"Gomen nasai Professor."  Tomi said.  She turned to Rick.  Squeezed his hand and hung onto his arm.
"I know a sukoshi about Kimiko, Rick.  Cheryl just said enough so if I heard about her or the professor, I would not be unknowledgeable about them."
"I'm just leaving to go back to the Prefecture.  But I was going to have lunch first.  I would like very much to have you as my guests for lunch.  I have a feeling that you two young people have a story to tell me that I would very much like to hear.  That is, if you would like to share it with me?"
Obasan pointed down the corridor and waited for an answer.
Rick met Tomi's eyes.  He nodded slightly.
"That would be very nice, Professor if you can put up with a very pregnant woman who cannot sit still for very long."
"My Dear, I do not mind a bit.  A woman never forgets being in the same condition.  We can eat here in the cafeteria."  Then she added after a short pause.  "It is not very fancy, but the food is good Okinawan food as well as some corrupt food like hamburgers and hot dogs.  Smiling, Obasan motioned for them to go ahead of her.  "And please, we are not in class and I hope we are friends.  Call me Satchako, or if you want, I would consider it an honor if you would call me Obasan if you can see your way through all of this mishmash of events to do that."  She bowed her head slightly and reached for two hands.  One of Rick's and one of Tomi's.
The three took their time getting their lunches and settling down at a back corner table away from the flow of student traffic.
"First.  I would like to really apologize to you Rick.  What Kimiko did, or attempted to do, is unforgivable.  I did not know my granddaughter as well as I thought I did.  Nor should have known her.
Besides getting a young man from the base in bad trouble, she was trying to get you to marry her so she could go to the States and get a job teaching.  Then I am sure she would have left you for what she would consider a more advantageous arrangement for her.  Instead of going to the United States, she is now in Japan teaching English in an Osaka middle school.  It is the only job she could get after her resume and recommendations were updated.
Now, enough.  I want to hear about the two of you and obviously the third member of your family."  
"I would like to consider you as a tomodachi and obasan.  You are very nice person and it is not your fault for what Kimiko did.  Unless you're really psychic?"  Rick asked.
"You remember that?  Of course you would.  No, the women in my family are not anymore psychic than having the normal female intuition."
"Hai.  Wakaru.  I have learned from my true love here about a woman's intuition."
"Tomako, What brings you to the university?  I know the reason for both of you to be here is for you.  And I know what a hunger you have for learning and for caring about people."
Tomi looked down at her bowl of soba.  She picked up some noodles with her hachi and smiled shyly.  "I want to finish my bachelors degree after the baby is born.  In January I can start.  Also I had to find out what courses that I must take to go with the English courses that you taught me."
"Do you know what your major will be?  No, let me guess.  Something in the public health field which will be offered starting in January in the new School of Health Sciences."
"That was not a question Professor."
" Satchako.  No, it was not Tomako-chan.  I think that I know you quite well and I am seldom wrong when I judge a person."  She colored rapidly in embarrassment.  "I guess I screwed up on one though."  She said quietly so Rick and Tomi could barely hear her.  "Sometimes we cannot see what is too close to us."
"Oba.  Stop beating yourself up over Kim.  You yourself said that you're not psychic.  There is no way you could have known."
Tomi reached for Obasan's small hand.  "Rick is correct, Obasan.  If I may also call you that.  I never had a sobo."
"You are both correct and thank you.  
So the baby is due in December.  Very soon, yes?"
"Less than a month."  Tomi answered with a proud smile.  "But I will be very glad.  I have to admit that I'm tiring of carrying this little horse around."
She turned to Rick, leaned closer to him and gleefully whispered loud enough so that obasan could also hear her.  "He did a nose dive while I was in the rest room.  It took him a bit of effort, but he is head down.  Maybe the doctor is correct.  He will come sooner than I thought."
"He'll come when he is ready Tomako.  Just be patient.  I'm gathering that you are living together, but are not yet married?  And your relationship cannot be over two, maybe three months?  Now, am I correct?"  Obasan asked with a soft smile and quizzical look in her eyes.
"Yes.  The baby's father was killed in Vietnam before he knew that he was going to be a father."  Tomi answered candidly.
"So he was a GI and the American military was making it almost impossible for you to get married?"
"Hai."  Tomi answered. 
"Then Rick came into our lives in July and made life real for us again.  It took a while.  He thought that I was married and flirted with me anyway."
"She tried to scare me away,  Though I don't think very hard."  Rick added.
Tomi looked into his eyes then stuck out her tongue.  "He made me fall in love with him and has made a shameless woman of me."
"I don't believe that about you Tomako-chan.  I believe falling in love was certainly mutual.
So after the baby, your life will also revolve around Rick, and your getting an education?"
"Yes.  The Dean said I would get a letter in a week or ten days.  He assured me that there are still a couple of seats left for the Health Services courses."
"A week or ten days, tashika ni?  Excuse me.  Finish your lunches and I will be right back.  I must make a phone call."
Tomi reached for Rick's hand.  "She is so nice.  I remember her as being more reserved.  She never told me I was her favorite student."
"I think that she is a woman of few words, Tomi."
Obasan was only gone for four or five minutes.  She sat back down.  Sipped some of her tea before looking at Tomi and Rick each in turn.  Smiling she spoke.  "The Dean just this minute made up his mind.  You will start class in January.  Instead of just a letter of acceptance, you will also get a copy of your class schedule and a transcript of the courses that you have completed and what you will have to complete for your bachelors degree in Public Health."  "I must leave you young people and get back to the Prefecture Office.
Please remember where I live Rick-san.  I would like very much to have you visit me and keep me up to date on the baby and your lives."  Obasan stood and waited for Tomi to stand and step to her.  
"Domo arigato gozaimasu, Toyama-san.  Thank you so much."  Tomi said as she bowed slightly before hugging the older woman.  "I would like very much to have you as my sobo and call you Obasan."
"I would like that very much.  Both of you."  Obasan spoke with a bit of emotion in her voice and tears running down her soft cheeks leaving tiny streams in the light coat of blush on her high cheeks.
They stood together holding hands and watching Tomi's mentor walk away.
"Did you know she would be here, Rick?"
"No, I had no idea at all.  I think that it was a coincidence.  I didn't know that she was your teacher and obviously a mentor to your education."
"Her magomusume . . . granddaughter, is not a very nice person.  Toyama-san is paying for it.  She is very hurt and very brave to talk to you about what Kimiko did.  Or tried to do to you.  You don't seem to be angry or upset with Kimiko?"
"I already knew about what Kim tried to do.  The Air Force told me.
But I had already decided that she was not the girl for me.  There was always something about her that made me uncomfortable.
Then I found myself pursuing a very lovely pregnant lady who was really turning me on."
Tomi smiled.  Tightening her grip on his arm and leaning her head against his shoulder as they walked along the path leading to Shuri Gate.  "Even when you knew that the pregnant woman was a married lady?"
"A lovely, pregnant lady.  And yes, even when I knew she was married."
"My, this lady does have a very strong hold on you.
Do you think that you could ever escape from her?  Even for somebody like me, a common country girl, with a new baby and big boobs?"
"You are anything but a common country girl My Love.  You make me very proud of you and I know that you will have a great career helping people."  Rick told her before bending to her and kissing her.  He felt the tip of her tongue brush against his teeth a nano second before their tongues touched, then slowly caressed each other.
"And I love your breasts and even your big belly."


"I have to stop at the coffee house even though we have already had lunch.  
There is some paperwork that I must do so everybody will get paid on Friday."
"Okay.  I think that we should make it quick though.  You've had a busy day and it isn't over yet."
"I'm thinking that I will take it home and do it.  Then after it is done we can bring the checks in on Friday."
"Remember, I'll be gone tomorrow and I'm thinking that you will want to go to work since I'll be gone all day."
"Eeee!"
"What?"
"I forgot that you would be gone tomorrow.  It will be for just tomorrow?"
"It's supposed to be.  Sometimes the best laid of mice and men don't go as predicted."
"What?"  Tomi raised her eyebrows in question making her eyes larger and rounder.
Rick smiled, then laughed softly as he looked into her dark brown, normally slightly almond shaped eyes.
"Why are you laughing at me?  Do I look funny?"
"Oh, no.  You can never look funny, but the expression you had on your face made your eyes bigger."
"Do you think I would look better?  More like a round eye woman?"
"Iie.  I love your eyes as they are.  I would not want you to change them.
Where did you pick up that expression?"
"Nan desu ka?"
"Round eye."
"Oh, I think that I heard GIs use it in my other life."
"Your other life?"
"Hai.  Life before Mrs. Rick Davis."
Not quite sure what to say, Rick needed a second to collect his thoughts.
"The whole expression is the 'best laid plans of mice and men.'"
"I wakaru.  Sometimes things do not go as we want."
"Want to catch a cab to the coffee house?  Are you getting tired?"  He asked her.
"Iie.  It's nice to walk slowly down the hill together.  Besides, that's Kokusai Dori at that red light."
"We have never really talked about getting married."  Rick said as he tightened his grip on her hand and felt her move closer as they slowed down their walking pace.
"I have thought about it a lot, and I wanted to marry you yesterday."  Rick added.  "I wasn't sure what you wanted exactly.  I was sure that we would get married someday, but until today when you told the Dean's assistant that I was your fiancee, we never talked about it."
"You would have married me yesterday?"  Tomi asked
"How about tomorrow?  Tomorrow being the first day that we get our paperwork approved?"  she asked.
"Hai.  I would want to do that.  I can bring the paperwork home tomorrow and we can start getting it done."
Tomi stopped walking, turned to face him with a smile spreading across her face.  She more mouthed than spoke, "Kisu suru watashi, kudasai."  Before their lips touched she spoke clearly.  "Kiss me please."
Standing in the middle of the sidewalk she laid her head against his chest.  "You are getting very good at understanding Japanese.  I spoke simply, but you did understand me, neh?"
"Hai, I really did.  Are you ready for the coffee house?"
"Iie, let's go home and I will come to the coffee house tomorrow after you're gone.
Let's not say anything to anybody except maybe Bob and Cheryl.  Until everything is approved anyway?  It may take a long time, neh?  At least until after Brad is born?"
Rick could only guess.  "Longer than that maybe.  I don't really know." 
"We have a lot to talk about and decisions to make, neh?"


"Good idea.  I really wanted some sushi."  Rick said while they sat in their living room watching the red ball of the sun sliding down into the East China Sea.



TWENTY-EIGHT

"Do we have to get up?"  Tomi asked in a voice still full of sleep.  "I want to stay here in bed with you all day."
"My Love, you can stay here all day if you would like, but I'm afraid you will have to do it alone.  I have a living to make now that I have a wife and son to support."  Rick drew her closer to him.  Kissed her passionately on the neck and lips.
"Tomeru!  Tomeru Rick.  Please stop!  You're driving me crazy.  Now you will leave me cold and lonesome in our bed.  Is that anyway to treat your pregnant wife?"  She asked drawing her light blue nemaki tighter around her, still giggling from Rick's affectionate attack.
"Hai.  Then she will remember and lust for me all day until I come home and take her back to bed."
"You are very cruel Rick Davis."  She said with a seductive look.  "In a few weeks I will be able to really do what I am thinking about doing right this moment.
You have no idea when you will be home tonight.  Do you?"
"Sorry, Tomi.  Bob will call you as soon as he finds out if we get hung up and end up RON in Thailand.  Otherwise you will see me when I get here.  But I don't think you should plan on letting your boyfriend stay very late tonight."  He said with a smile.
"I'll make sure he's gone by 1800, but he will be very disappointed.  Though he can catch a nesan from a bar after he leaves me."
Now I have to have a cup of kohi and leave for Kadena.  It's after seven o'clock and I have to meet Leo for breakfast about 9."
"You wash your face and get dressed.  I will fix our coffee.  Do we have time to drink it together?  I would always like to do that.  Have coffee together before you leave to fly."
"Yeah, we will, I'd also like to do that.  We can always make time to do it."
"Are you going to wear your flight suit or civilian clothes?"  
"Flight suit, dozo."
"I'll get it out of the closet for you."  Tomi slid off their bed and barefooted went to the wardrobe.
Rick came out of the bathroom and Tomi was standing in the tiny kitchen wearing the red baby doll nightie he had given her.  "You're right.  This nightie does cover the baby.  Does it make me sexy?"
"Oh Jesus!  Yes.  You are the sexiest girl in my life."  He stepped to her and held her tightly and ran his hands down her backside.  "I can still feel your stomach and the silky skin on your backside."
"I don't think that you are supposed to put your hands under my panties."
"Oh.  Gomen nasai.  I got carried away with my love for you and your sexy body."
Tomi leaned back, made eye contact with her lover and stuck out her tongue.


Rick stepped out of the base cab in front of the flightline snack bar at the same time as Bob Kruse parked his pickup on the flightline side of the snack bar.
"Hey, how's the family man?"  Kruse said as each entered the small building from different doors.
Rick waved and smiled as his eye caught sight of Leo and Cheryl sharing a table behind the door he had entered.
The four friends sat sipping on hot coffee.  "It's not as good as Tomako's."
"Oh shit.  Now we're going to have to listen to him brag about his true love and how superior her coffee is."
"Shut up, my darling husband, or you'll be on everybody's shit list."
Laughing, Bob defended himself knowing that his wife was just trying to give him a hard time.  "Rick knows that I love them both and would rather drink Tomi's coffee than this stuff.  Besides, her doughnuts are superb, almost up there with Dunkin' Donuts."
"Speaking of our favorite mother-to-be?"  Cheryl asked as soon as her husband stopped talking.
"She's having a baby."  Rick stated.
"Really?  That's real nice, Rick.  Do you want to start talking now or die?"
"She got into the university.  Starts in January."  He continued.  "The baby is head down and doesn't seem to have any room to turn back up.  He did it in the university's rest room after our interview.  You and the doctor may be closer to the time than Tomi is, Cheryl.
We met Kimiko's sobo at the university.  She's Tomako's mentor."
"What?  You guys just bumped into her accidentally at the university?"  Bob asked.
"Actually, we had lunch with her in the university cafeteria."
"You said before that you liked her and you couldn't see her condoning Kim's actions."  Cheryl commented.  "I guess that you were correct with that judgement."
"She considers Tomi her favorite and brightest student.  I think that she also used some of her influence with the Dean of Admissions for Tomako's benefit.
What's happening with preflight Leo.  Do we have much to do?"  Rick changed subjects as he had an urge to get on with the day.
"We're ready for engine start.  I just checked a couple of things this morning to finish the checklist.
The phase team ran engines for me yesterday.  Actually, I ran them with their supervisor in the right seat.  He said that he'd get me signed off today.  He knows an instructor pilot who owes him a favor.  Thanks, Rick.  You taught me well."
"What's this, an Airman1st signed off to run engines?"
"Yeah.  Cool ain't it?"
"Sure is SSgt Davis.  Where did you guys perform this feat?"
"Guam of course."
MSgt Kruse just shook his head and smiled.  "Should have know better than send you two away by yourselves.
Congratulations Airman Rosko."  Kruse reached across the table and shook Leo's hand while Cheryl turned and kissed Leo on the cheek.
"Rick?"
"Okay.  I need a favor if you could do it for me while I'm gone today.  Actually two favors."
"Yeah, so."  Bob sat waiting for his friend to go on.
"I need all the paperwork and rules so Tomi and I can get married."
None of the three moved for several seconds.
"I told you.  You guys owe me big money."  Leo said.  
"Smiling like an idiot with tears running down her cheeks, Cheryl spoke up.  The second favor?"
"I need a flight to Thailand.  To buy rings.  Can that be done Bob?"
"Absolutely."  Cheryl answered for her husband.  She was bound and determine that nothing would slow down the marriage of her favorite kids.
"We'll work something out over the next couple of days.  What would happen if you got into UT or Takhli and the airplane broke?  Should give you enough time to get to the BX and get them?"  Bob asked.
"Sounds workable to me."
"I'll work on it and see what plans and scheduling has going over the next few days.
I'd better get you guys out to your tanker.  You going home Cheryl?"
"No Robert.  I'm going to Naha.  I told Tomi I'd meet her when Rick left.  We're going shopping for baby clothes."
Taking out his wallet, Rick tried to hand her a wad of bills.  "Have her get whatever she and the baby need, please."
"I heard that you took her shopping already."  Cheryl said with a smile.
"Just stuff she needed and a rocking chair."
"Uhh, huh."  She responded with another smile as she waved away the offered bills.
"In a couple days I'm going to take her again so we can pick out things we both want and like for the baby."
"Well, keep this money in your pocket.  She'll appreciate it more when you buy the things together.  I'm just buying her a couple things to give her some idea what the BX has to offer and let her look the stuff over.  Kind of like shower presents, not a complete baby layette."
"How are you going to get her into the BX?"
"No trick.  I borrowed an ID card from another American's Okinawan bride who still lives on the island."
"And Bob, I need PCS orders to Kadena, also."  Rick spoke up.
"Yeah.  I'll pluck them off the transfer tree that I have in our backyard.  TDY orders I can do.  PCS is another ball game.  Besides, you swung it to get to Fairchild without any help, smart ass."
Smiling, Rick stood , bent over and kissed Cheryl on the cheek.  "Thanks."
"I'm really happy for you both, Rick.  She is one sweet lady and I'm sure you'll be great for each other.  We always get things done that have to be done don't we?"  Cheryl managed to get out before putting a paper napkin to her face.
With a wave, Rick and Leo followed Bob out the door and climbed into his pickup.
"Okay.  What did you do to get the 'Robert' routine?"
"I was supposed to ease you into the shopping for baby clothes. 
"I don't get it.  Why should Cheryl be upset about that?"
"She thinks that men should think of things like that themselves, and since they won't . . . you wouldn't . . . , I was supposed to hint to you to do it."
"How?"
"Basically, by telling you to take Tomi shopping for the baby's layette."
"You're jerking my chain?  Right?"
"No."
"Bob's right, Rick.  I heard part of the conversation the other night after you and Tomi left the club.  Cheryl gave him strict orders and even what words to use."
"Is our Cheryl going 'Island Happy'?"
"No.  She's just being Cheryl.  Tomi has become her chick to Cheryl's mother hen.
It'll pass after the baby is born.  Take my word for it.  It's happened before, though it has been many years since the last time.  Maybe 7 or 8.  It was before she mothered you, Rick."
"So what was the bet Leo, my friend?  I want half of what you made."
"No way.  I won it fair and square.  
The bet was who would be closer to the time you proposed, or she proposed.  Didn't matter which.  We decided that since you two think and answer like Siamese twins it wouldn't be fair to be held to who did the proposing."
"Good thing.  You wouldn't have won if you bet on me.  She brought it into question.  Told the Dean of Admission's assistant at the university that I was her fiance.  Then when we got home she called herself Mrs. Rick Davis.  So how much?"
"Doesn't matter.   The baby gets it all.  It will be in he's first savings account with Bank of America."
"I don't know what to say and I know Tomi won't either.  That's really great.  Who else was in on it?"
Most of the tanker crew chiefs and some flight crews, job control and plans and scheduling.  At $10 a whack, it comes to just a little over a thousand dollars.  We'll have his bank book for you later after we figure out the name to put it under."
"Can we wait until after he arrives to be sure it will be he?"
"Sure.  Cheryl has it in an account called Tomako's baby.  You and Tomi will have to sign the signature card later."


It was turning into one of those days.  Over the Gulf of Tonkin, just north of the demilitarized zone they refueled two F4 Phantoms who had flown cover for a Jolly Green helicopter as it searched for a missing F105 Thunder chief (nicknamed a 'Thud').  The second F4 had just broke connect with the boom when 3653 started a turn south and followed the two F4s who were being diverted towards Hue.   The Air Force had a report of an emergency locator beacon coming from the missing Thud's pilot in that area of South Vietnam.  In the meantime a Marine Corp Huey slid into a hot LZ and pulled out the unhurt Thud pilot.
In an unusual turn of events they continued to Udorn RTAFB following the F4s who were from the 555, (Triple Nickel) squadron based at Udorn, to refuel.
3653 made a quick turn around and in less than two hours were again airborne and heading northeast across Laos towards the Gulf of Tonkin again.
"Where we going A/C?"  Rick asked the pilot after they had reached altitude and were just loafing along at 24,000 feet.
"Triple Nickel is going MIG hunting this afternoon and we're going to hang around just in case.  We should see a lot of the Gulf of Tonkin this afternoon though I can't say as the scenery is much."
It didn't seem very long to Rick when the navigator announced that the Phantoms were headed back to Udorn and 3653 was going home to Okinawa.  They went south from just north of the Demilitarized Zone before they could turn north to avoid mainland China's airspace.
"Pilot..., Boom."
"Go ahead Boom."
We got company coming in on our tail.  Kind of looks like an F105, but it's profile isn't quite right."
"Keep your eye on it, Boom.  We haven't been told to expect any company.
We're still close to North Vietnam.  Watch to see if he keeps following us."
"Copy, Sir.  He's slowed down and seems to be hanging back but still directly behind us."
"Okay.  Nav, are we picking up a friend or foe on the transponder?
Negative.  Got a clean panel.
Tell the CP we have an intruder and launch some interceptors."  The A/C retorted.
"Gotcha."
The headsets were quiet for a couple minutes until the boomer came back on.  "He's still there.  Hate to say this, but I think it's a MIG.  Not 100% sure, and I can't see any insignia."
"Okay.  Hang in there Boom and tell me if he gets queer on us."
"Roger"
"Pilot, Nav"
"Yeah, go ahead."
"Da Nang has launched two 106s, (fighter/interceptors).  ETA about 6 minutes."
"Okay.  We're not quite ready to turn towards Okinawa yet and we'll wait for them before we do."
"Pilot"  The Boom's voice had a little more excitement in it now.  "He's definitely a MIG and he's closing fast!  Coming up on our left wing!  Do you have him!?  I lost him!"
"Yeah, Boom.  He's doing rolls just in front of our left wing.
By the way . . . "
"Yeah.  I saw the red stars when he went by the boom pod.  He's definitely Chinese."
"What's he doing this far south?"  The copilot asked.
"He's probably from Hainan.  They have a major naval presence there.  The navigator answered.
"Where'd he go!  Can anybody see him!?"  The pilot hollered into the intercom.
"Two 106s coming in fast from starboard!"  The copilot hollered.
"The MIG is going north like a scalded dog, gang!"  The boom operator informed them from the boom pod.  "He's got two 106s on his tail."
"Figure that one?"  The pilot commented as he turned on an easterly heading of 70 degrees to clear all of Chinas airspace before turning more northerly to Okinawa.  How long did he keep us company, Nav?"
"Sixteen minutes from Boom's first sighting to his last sight of the MIG's flaming tail.  Only took the interceptors four and one half minutes from when they lifted off of the runway at Danang."
"Jolly good old chaps.  Let's go home."  Kidded the pilot as he rolled out 3653 on their homebound course.


"Nice quiet trip guys?"  Kruse asked when they climbed into his pickup cab.  
"Yeah.  Just another boring flight over the Gulf of Tonkin.  Leo said with a bored expression before snickering quietly.
"You do realize that 3653 is the only tanker to have a close encounter with a MIG?"
"What MIG?"  Rick quipped.
"You're not going to get away with it.  There is an all crew debriefing in the CP right away.  They want everybody's statement about what they saw."
"Shit.  I want to go home and get some supper and hold my honey to calm my jittering nerves."  The crew chief complained
Kruse handed Rick a manilla envelope.  "Quit bellyaching.  This should help.  Everything that you two will need is in there.  Just read everything twice and carefully before writing a single word on it.  They aren't optimistic at all.  Said that it could take six months before you get the OK.  Even if Tomi's clearance comes back sooner, the military will hang onto the paperwork as long as they can get away with."
Thanks.  We really do appreciate it Bob."
"I know.  Don't sweat it.
Cheryl wants to know where we can go out to dinner close to Tomari Port so Tomi doesn't have to travel so far, Rick."
"Either the Tea House of the August Moon, or the Seamen's Club in Naha, on Highway One across from the Naha Army port.  When?"
"I think that the women decided on a celebration dinner Saturday night, about 1900.  You guys won't be flying Saturday, so it will work."
"I'll ask Tomi where she prefers to go."
"You have to fly another CAP tomorrow afternoon.  They're going to BPO 3653 tonight.  You'll have a 1300 take off.  Thursday you can catch a ride with Naylor on the courier flight to Takhli.  He'll do the refuel with transit alert and you go to the BX to get what you have to get.  The flightline supervisor is Jim Kelly, from Fairchild, and he's going to set you up with a supervisor from the BX so you won't get ripped off by some unscrupulous jewelry salesman."
"Thanks, Bob."
"By the way, Cheryl said to tell you that Tomi doesn't have a hint about the trip to Thailand or what it's for.  But she's really excited about the steps you're taking today."


The sun had already sunk into the East China Sea when Rick got out of the sukoshi cab and started up the stairs to the apartment.
Its my apartment.  Now it really is.  Tomako is mine and it's our home.  It feels so good to come off base and know that she's waiting for me and cares whether I'm 10 minutes early or two hours late.
He heard the door above him swing open and smiled forcing himself not to look up.  He imagined what she looked like.  Standing with her arms across her baby belly.  Legs spread apart further than she normally would to compensate for the forward weight on her slim body.  A smile of happiness and relief that I had finally arrived safely.  Another good flying day.  I made it home safely.
"Konbanwa My Love."  She said in her quiet almost singing voice.
Rick looked up and he could no longer hold back the smile that had been bursting to escape into the real world.
"Konbanwa Tomako-chan."
Just as I thought.  I could have drawn a picture of her and been 100% correct in what I was seeing in my head. 
She is so beautiful and I do love her beyond anything I have ever dreamt about.
"Are you going to come home and hold your wife-to-be?  Or stand there and look at her fat stomach?"
Four double steps and Rick was on the small landing bracing himself as she flew into his arms.
"I missed you today, Fly Boy.  I like having you to myself everyday."  Tomi said quietly between kisses and nuzzling his neck.
She unzipped his flight suit and ran her hands inside it and around to hug him tighter and caress his back and shoulders.
"I missed you too.  Sorry I'm so late.  It was a long day and Leo and I had to take care of somethings on the tanker."
"It's all right.  I'm getting to know what to expect and am learning to do it with a very small amount of worry."
"I hope so.  I don't like or want you to worry unnecessarily.  I can't always know what is going to happen nor be able to tell you where I am.  But it's the nature of flying."
"I know.  And you love it."
"Not as much as I love you.  I'll quit if it gets to worry you too much."
"Iie.  Never happen.  You would not be happy and that would make me unhappy.
We will learn how to do it together."  Tomi said as she loosened her hug on him and taking his hands pulled him into the apartment.
"Whoa.  I have to get my boots off."
"After the baby comes I will take them off for you."  Massaging Rick's shoulders while he was bent over untying his boots.  She went on.  "Cheryl and Bob have had to make an adjustment to their lives."
"What do you mean?  They're okay aren't they?"
"Of course.  But Cheryl told him to go back on flying status because he was unhappy and tired of watching men like you and Leo go off while he sat on the ground and waited for you to come back."
" I knew that he was going to go back on status, but I never knew for sure whose decision it was.  He quit over two years ago because she worried so much."
"I think she realized that she was worrying too much and making the love of her life very unhappy.  That is how I feel.  I can learn to cope with you being gone as long as I know that you will be coming back to me."  Tomi said while holding on to her lover and looking into his eyes.
"Now, get in the shower while I put our dinner on the table.  One thing more My Love.  I am not Cheryl.  I can't deal with life as she does.  I'm also strong and my love for you is as strong as hers for Bob, if not more so.  But I will deal with it quietly and in my own way."  She slid her hands under the shoulders of his flight suit and slid it off him.
"I know.  And I never want you to be like her.  You are the woman I love for who you are and how you take on life."
Tomi met his eyes .  "Hai, I always want us to be truthful and share how we feel about everything.  You know that, neh?"
"I could never want to live with or be married to a woman like Cheryl.  She is a dear friend.  But not 24-7."
Holding him against her baby belly, Tomi asked.  "24-7?  What is that."
Rick snickered before answering.  Twenty four hours a day, seven days a week.  Get it?"
"Hai.  Everyday, the same, neh?"
"Hai, My Love."
"Into the shower with you.  I'm hungry, as usual."
As he headed into the bathroom Rick asked over his shoulder.  "What have you been reading?  I'm picking up some new accent in your English phrases."
"Yes."  She laughed and turned towards the kitchen.  "I'll never tell."


After they finished eating Tomi was washing dishes, and Rick was standing behind her.  She stepped back a small step pressing against him.  He slipped his arms around her and held her loosely.
"Did you get all your paperwork done at the coffee house?"
"Hai.  I'm a hero and everybody will get paid on Friday."
"What about when the baby comes.  You're going to be taking time off."
"Actually"  Tomi hesitated, press back harder against him.  "I asked Mama-san if Michako could take over for me after next week.  After November 24.  I have already taught her to keep the records so the coffee house accountant can use them to do the payroll."
"You won't be working at all after the 24th?"
"Hai.  I will have the baby soon and then school will be starting less than a month after Brad is born.  Do you think I did right?"  Worry in her voice.
"Absolutely.  You are going to have your hands full with the baby and school.  I do know that it is a big decision for you.  Mama-san has been good to you and you think that you really need to have a job, but . . . "
Tomi interrupted him by turning and placing a small hand on each of his shoulders before she spoke.  "I can make it.  I have money saved.  I have Brad's reenlistment money in a joint account at the Bank of America.  I can use it for school and have some for the baby's college also."  Her voice started to betray her stress and her eyes teared up.  "You think I should keep it.  Brad put it into an account for the two us.  He didn't know about the baby."
"Hai.  He would want you to use it for both of you.  For whatever you need it for.
What I was going to say is that I have the paperwork.  And though we won't be legally married for a while, I'm still going to support you and the baby."
She buried her face into the front of his nemaki.
"I didn't mean for you to think that.  I can do it until we are married."
"Even if it takes several months?"
"Hai.  I can.  There is over $14,000 in the bank account.  It is in Brad's and my name.    The university costs very little.  Mostly books, materials and a small entrance fee.  But I would like to eat lunch in the cafeteria and dinner whenever I have a late class."
"Also you will have to pay for somebody to take care of the baby.  But we do know now that you won't have to worry about it.  
It's settled neh?  We're a family and we'll make decisions and decide our economic future together with all the resources available to us."
"Hai.  You are too good to me, so I'll do as you say. Domo arigato gozaimasu.  Thank you for being you, My Love."
"Like I said, I have the paperwork to make us a family.  Do you want to start on it?"
"Oh yes.  Hai, hai."  Tomi answered in a shaky, very excited voice while she dabbed the tears from the corners of her eyes. 
"I didn't want to ask, I was afraid that you couldn't get them today. and it would embarrass you."
"I couldn't.  Bob got them for us.  Cheryl didn't say anything?"  
"Nothing.  She just smiled a lot and told me about stateside bases.  She also asked some questions about what I thought about you flying and told me about Bob going back on flying status."
"She's a sneak."  Rick said with a short laugh.
"Why do you say that?"
"She was there when I asked Bob if he could get the paperwork and regulations for us.  I was sure that she would talk to you about it.  
I have to fly tomorrow afternoon and also Thursday.  Then I'll have the following three days off."


Rick was sitting at the table reading the mimeographed copies of the regulations regarding American GIs marrying indigenous women in Japan.  He glanced at his watch and realized why he was having trouble keep his eyes open and his attention on what he was reading.  He turned to the bed where Tomako was lying curled up under a lightweight futon.  Her breathing was slow and regular.
You are beautiful, my woman.  Sounds like you are also really zonked.  You'll wake up when I get in bed though.
He slipped under the futon next to Tomi being careful not to brush against her, but as usual she felt his nearness and reached for him.  She found his leg before snuggling backwards to spoon against his front with her backside.
"I fell asleep, Rick.  What time is it?"
"Almost midnight."
"I'm very tired. 
We didn't get much done did we?"  
"No, but we'll have three days over the weekend to finish it.  Go to sleep Lover."
"Caress me, dozo.  Soothe this wild child who possesses me.   And make me feel like a woman."  Tomi found and pulled his right arm across her and settled his hand under her nemaki and onto her right breast.  "Mmmm.  That is so nice.  I will go to sleep now."
Rick snuggled tighter against her and kissed her neck and the side of her face several times as he drifted off to sleep.



TWENTY-NINE

Wednesday's CAP mission was uneventful therefore very boring.  When 3653 was southbound early in the day, the clouds started to fill-in under them as they passed Taiwan.  It was raining hard on the ground over all of Southeast Asia and most of the U.S. fighters were grounded so they had no one to refuel.
Just before 1530, northbound, they broke out of the overcast into the blue sunny skies south of Okinawa and shot an ILS Approach onto Runway 23 under a cloudless sky with an almost balmy November breeze.
Tomi had called Cheryl who passed the message to Bob who met Rick on the tarmac under 3653's black nose cone.
"Cheryl said to tell you that Tomi is at the coffee house and will be until 1800.  I was also told to tell you not to get in a tizzy because she never went there until way after lunch.  Like 1400.
She wants you to meet her there for dinner . . .  supper . . . .  What the hell ever."  Bob finished laughing at himself.
"Come on, I'll take you guys to the barracks then you can catch a cab to Naha.  You need civilian clothes Rick, or are you going home to change?"
"Unless Leo has been wearing my clothes, I have a pair of pants and a shirt in my flight bag on the tanker.  Hang on while I get it.  Will ya?"
"Did you get started on the paperwork last night, Rick?"
"Touchy question, Bob."  Leo injected.
"I would not wish this bullshit on anybody.  Even an Airman.  We spent all last night, until almost midnight, reading the regs.  And know what?"
"You don't know anymore than you did yesterday morning."  Bob and Leo chorused.
"You guys are good.  Have you ever considered a career in show business?"
"I think he's losing his sense of humor, Bob."
"No, poor baby is tired and in love."
"Courier flight take off is 0800 in the morning.  Naylor said to tell you not to worry about preflight, he has it under control.  Just make engine start."  Kruse said as he pulled up in front of the transit barracks.
"How's Tomi doing?"
"Really good.  Wants to see you guys Saturday night.
Oh, yeah.  She said the Tea House is her choice.  Fewer GIs to see her overgrown body.  Her words not mine.  For some weird reason that I have not yet fathomed, she prefers not to be around GIs except for you guys which she doesn't consider as GIs.  Just friends."
"Probably not a weird reason, Rick.  And someday she'll say something that will let you understand what it's all about."  Bob stated in his low key way.


Michako met Rick at the door in her usual quiet way.  
"Konbanwa, Rick-san.  Tomako-san said for you to sit down and I'll tell her that you're here.  Dozo."  Michako swept her arm and hand in the direction of the rearmost tables.
"Domo, Michako. is she in her office?"
"Hai."
"Alone and doing paperwork?"
"Hai."  She answered smiling.  She already knew that he would go directly to Tomi as he always did.
"Hi Love"  Rick said when he quietly opened the door to her tiny office and stepped to where she sat at her small desk.
Her smile lit up the dreary little room and she awkwardly got out of the chair and opened her arms as she stood and waited for him to take her in his arms.  They kissed passionately for several seconds then just stood holding each other.  Tomi nuzzled his neck every few seconds and started to nibble his ear lobe.
"You just shaved and smell so clean.  I am dirty and need a very hot shower.  And I am very hungry."
"I love you too."  Rick said and kissed her again.
"Yes, I love you takusan, also.  But you put me to shame when you come to me so clean after being all over the world all day."
"Not all over the world.  Just Vietnam. You ready to eat and go home?"
"Hai.  papa-san made you yakasoba for dinner.  I hope that's alright."  
"Of course.  I love it and papa-san's yakasoba is some of the greatest."
"I'm glad because when he asked what to fix for dinner I could not think.  I have too much in my small brain instead of important things like my lover.  I'm sorry, Rick."
"Tomi there is nothing to be sorry for.  You know what you have to do before you leave the coffee house.  The only thing that I ask is that you don't get overtired or stressed out about it."  He held her tight and then took her hand as they went into the dining room and towards their back table.
"Do you think mama-san will let us keep our table when we come here?"  Rick asked.
"I'm sure that she will.  Nobody else wants to sit there because it is in a dark, back corner, is small and has hard wooden seats."
"Really?  I never noticed any of that.  I think it is quiet, private and the chairs just fit my skinny butt."
"They used to fit mine until about three months ago."
"They will again Tomi.  Very soon."
She reached for his hands as soon as they were seated.  Domo arigato.  You make me feel that I shall again be slim and cute before too long."
"Who said anything about being cute?  I guess that you'll get your cute butt back though."
"What is it that you tell Leo?  Payback is hell?  I think that you should remember that."  Tomi retaliated with a big smile and stuck out her tongue.
Michako brought them some kohi and Tomi asked her to bring just one big plate of yakasoba, but two sets of chopsticks.
"I'm hungry, but I want to share with you.
Do you want some gohon, Rick?"
"Hai.  Michako gohon, dozo."  Rick asked her.  "And you had better bring some for my okusan also, otherwise she will eat all of mine."
They ate leisurely with the huge plate of papa-san's yakasoba in the center of the small table.  Rick was drinking from a liter bottle of Asahi beer which Tomi would pick up every little while and wet her mouth from.
"Are you taking enough to swallow?"
"Maybe a few drops.  Are you afraid that I am stealing your biru?"  She answered with a smile and reached for the bottle again.  Holding a finger at the level of the beer in the bottle  "See.  This is how much you have.  Now I'll drink my share."  "Hai, the biru is at the same level as before I picked it up.  It may even have more in it."
"What are you doing?  Spitting in it?"
With another smile and a flick of her tongue she answered.  "You can have the rest.  I'm through and I also had enough of your yakasoba, Domo.
"Gee, thanks you smart ass.  Are you ready to go home?"
"Hai.  I am ready as soon as I get some papers from the office.  You're flying tomorrow, neh?"
"Hai.  I'm going to Thailand with my tomodachi, Don Naylor.  It's a courier flight to Takhli, Thailand and he needs a second crew chief."
"I remember the name but I don't think that I know the person it goes to.  Who is he?"
He was my assistant before Leo.  He came to Okinawa with me in August when I was here for about three weeks and I started really flirting with you."
"But I never met him?"
"Honto.  You never did.  He met a girl in Koza whom he spent all of his time with on that trip.  Now he has come back to marry her.  I'll ask them to the Tea House with us on Saturday night.  I only met Yoshiko once for just a couple of minutes."
"You can judge what kind of woman she is by your tomodachi, Don.  Neh?"
"Hai.  I believe she is a very nice nesan because she wouldn't attract Don if she wasn't.  He's a nice guy who I know you'll like and I surely want to keep him as a friend."
"Take me home, domo.  I am ready to relax and rest."  She rubbed her stomach in slow circles.  "I need you to caress my bare belly and make this child settle down.  He can't turn up, but he has been very active all day."
"I just hope he doesn't get too active for two more weeks at least."  Rick said in a gentle quiet voice not wanting Tomi to pick up on his growing anxiety of being away when the baby decides to put in an appearance.


Tomi came out of the shower looking refreshed and relaxed.  She joined Rick who was propped up on their bed watching a cargo ship moving slowly south and then started to turn towards Naha Bay.
She leaned over him, kissed him passionately on the lips 
"You smell very nice and feel hot and damp.  He slipped his right hand under her nemaki and cupped her left breast. 
Tomi undid the tie on her nemaki.  Took his hand and guided it onto her baby belly.  "Here, dozo.  He has been waiting all day for his daddy to touch him.  Tell him all is well with our world and before long he can join us."  She turned slightly and snuggled up against Rick.  
"Tomako."
"Hai?"
Rick kissed her cheek which was close as she had her head resting on his shoulder.
She lifted her head slightly to make eye contact with her lover.  "What is it?  Is something wrong?"  There was slight edge of anxiety in her voice.
"Iie.  No.  Nothing is wrong.  I'm just trying to find the right words.  I was thinking that it might be a good idea if we went and stayed with Bob and Cheryl in a week or so.  Just until after the baby is born.  I'm really worried that I might be off flying somewhere when he decides to make an appearance.  They really want us to."
Whose idea was it?"  Tomi asked. 
"Kind of a joint effort.  I was telling Bob and Leo that I was worried about it trying to get some idea of what Bob may be able to do to get me some time off when the time comes.  Then Cheryl asked me at breakfast the other morning what I thought about it.  I told her it would make me feel more secure, but it would be your decision.  I will never twist your arm to do it."
With a smile and maybe a hint of relief on her face, Tomi's voice came out a little shaky.  "If you think it is a good idea, and we wouldn't be imposing on them, I would alsofeel more secure being with Cheryl.  I have thought about what to do knowing you could be gone.  Ever since Arlene Winters left, until you brought Cheryl into my life, I couldn't think of anybody who would be able to help me every day and night if you were gone.  I'm very independent and strong, but sometime even us hardheads need to lean on people.  What makes some of us hardheads different is that we know when we need help and we pick out nice people to help us."
"My God. My wife is becoming a philosopher.  First she became an English genius, now she has advanced into philosophy."
Tomi laughed out loud and put her face up to be kissed.  "Domo arigato gozaimasu." 
"Then we'll tell Cheryl and Bob that we'll be staying with them?  When?"
"If we consider what the doctor and Cheryl think.  In two weeks?  About the first or second of December?  If he comes before the third or fourth he will be a little not full time.  Before that I was alone for several months."  Tomi looked down at Rick's hand as he slowly caressed her.  
"I think that happens sometimes.  They are on a time schedule of their own which doesn't always agree with the mother's count."
"Do we have to give them an exact day?  What if I think he is coming sooner?"
"No problem, we can start with them anytime that you want, or if I get anxious for some reason."
"Anxious?"
"If the Air Force decides that I should take my tanker somewhere before we're ready it might be better for you to stay with them.  Okay?"
"Hai.  Anytime you want.  we will tell them Saturday night.  Is that all right?"
"Hai, My Dear.  Perfect.  Are you ready to settle down for the night?  I have to be on the flightline before 0800."
"Oh.  Poor baby. You have to go to sleep.  After you rub my back and shoulders and tell me how much you love me again."  Tomi laughed quietly, rolled onto her left side and wiggled back against him.  "Dozo?"  She asked in a husky voice.  "Very soon it will be Christmas present time."  She added in a sleepy voice



THIRTY

"Good morning, Daddy."  Don Naylor hollered down the crew entry from the tanker's flight deck.  "I'll be right down, Rick."
In just a couple seconds Naylor stepped onto the tarmac under his tanker's nose.  
"Seems like we can never catch up with each other, Don.  How do you like being permanent on Kadena?"
"Really not much different than other air bases.  But you can't beat the climate and being with Yoshi makes it really great."
"How she doing?"
"Really great.  We've started our marriage paperwork and my spy in personnel said that her clearance came back clean so it is now just a matter of waiting for the bureaucracy to stop playing their childish games and issuing us the permission papers.  Bob said you and Tomi are getting yours together?"
"Right.  Any hints that you have to offer would be appreciated.  You said that you have a spy in personnel?"
"Yeah.  Kid named Stanton.  He's a Staff with 10 years in and a Japanese wife.  He will snoop for you and keep you updated.  If anybody tries to throw up a road block he'll let you know so you can get a jump on it before it grows too big or gets in the head of a wrong small military mind."
"Did Bob tell you about dinner Saturday night?  At the Tea House of the August Moon in Noumanoui.  Know it?"
"Heard of it.  Never been there.  I'm sure Yoshi knows it."
"Be there about 1900.  I think Tomi set it up with help from Cheryl."
"I'm under the impression that she and Cheryl are tight and Tomi definitely has the Cheryl stamp of approval."
"You're right.  They hit it off right away and Cheryl told me, and I quote, Rick, I have watched you make a fool of yourself over different girls for years.  And I always knew that someday the right woman, yes woman, would find you.  Well my Dear, Tomako Tomanaga is that woman.  Don't you dare do anything to screw this relationship up, unquote.
I think that if I screwed it up I would shortly be a eunuch."
Naylor laughed as he made eye contact with Rick.  "I don't know Cheryl very well, just a little, but I believe that you're right.  She would de-nut you if you screwed it up or hurt Tomi in anyway.  She is a bit of a mother hen isn't she?"
"No doubt.  You got that right.
Bob said not to worry about preflight.  True?"
"Yeah.  I did most of it yesterday.  You did teach me a thing or two in our short relationship.  Doing a preflight the day before and keeping busy on your own tanker so you wouldn't have to work on somebody else's piece of crap airplane always works.  Nobody bothers you."
"I'll throw my gear upstairs before the flight crew shows up."
"The crew chief box is unlocked.  Throw your gear in it with mine.   You can do the walk around with us if you want.  Won't hurt my feelings any if you look over my shoulder."
"I remember, never once saw you get rattled by quality control."
"Those QC clowns are just the same as you and I only they wear a white hat instead of maintenance's red.  Try to teach the slow ones and harass everybody else."
Rick started up the ladder laughing softly to himself.  "Don, you haven't changed a bit and of that I'm glad."  


The huge red ball of the setting sun was half way into the East China Sea when Rick sat on the lower step of the stairs and took off his flight boots.  In stocking feet he climbed the stairs silently.  He was about two thirds of the way up, not having made any excess noise when the door flew open.  Standing back from the door in her new dress, her hair freshly brushed and pulled back off of her ears with a thin tendril of shiny black hair outlining each side of her face,  A soft hint of a pinkish blush on her high Asian cheeks and a new off shade of red lipstick on her lips Tomi smiled and motioned for Rick to hurry to her.  "I have waited for you for hours.  I was afraid that you would have to spend the night in Thailand.  Did you bring me something from Thailand?"  Tomi blurted out in a single burst of speech not stopping to take a breath.  Impatience overwhelmed her.  Her arms came up and a couple of steps put her in Rick's arms.  Their lips touched. pressed hard together and Tomi's lipstick became history.  It was a pretty shade on Rick's lips though.  They had learned to meet, turn with each other around Tomi's baby belly so they would cling together comfortably.
"Oh."  Tomi moved her upper body back enough to take some pressure off her breasts.
"What's the matter, Tomi?"
"My boobs are tender.  We have hugged lots and I never noticed it.  Do you think it means that I'm getting ready for the baby?"  She hesitated for a couple of breaths as she hung onto Rick.  "My new bras are hard to put on comfortably.  I think my boobs have grown more this week."
"I should have bought you a new one in Thailand."   Rick smiled and ducked his head as Tomi hit him lightly on the side of his head.
"What did you get me?"
"Me.  I'm here."  Rick answered.
"Me?  You mean you?"
"Yes.  I came home and brought myself to you.  Isn't that what you wanted?"  
"Of course.  I always want you to come home to me.  I thought that since you took an extra flight that you might have brought me a present like a piece of Thai silk."
"I didn't know that you wanted Thai silk.  Next trip I'll get you some.  What color?"
"That's alright.  I love you anyway."  She took his hand and led him around to the kitchen.  Our dinner is ready and the table is set."  She pointed to the table which was set with white napkins, two matching lacquerware candlesticks, empty wine glasses and new lacquerware chopsticks.  "The wine is in the refrigerator.  And some kind of fancy bottled water for me.  Now get out of that sweaty flight suit and take a shower.  Don't look at me like that.  I have been home all day.  I never even went to the coffee house.  I rested, read and waited for my lover to come home."  Tomi smiled, reached up and unzipped his flight suit as she kissed him lightly on his lips before slipping her hands onto his shoulders and sliding the flight suit off.  "You are going to keep looking at me until I tell you, aren't you?"
"Yes.  But I do believe you."  Returning her kiss and allowing his flight suit to drop onto the floor before smiling and happily patting her on the butt.
"Mama-san and Michako decided that we needed a private dinner so they fixed it and came here to set it all up.  Now into the shower."
Tomi turned away and went into the kitchen.  Rick picked up his flight suit, took the ring box from a pocket, removed the two rings from their  box and placed them in her water glass before going into the bathroom.
He was just drying off his face after shaving when she erupted.
"Eeee!  RICK!"  Tomi screamed.  She burst through the bathroom door.  Snatched the towel from his face and grabbing the sides of his head pulled him down to within her kissing range.
He caught the flash of diamonds from her left hand and felt the pressure of the gold rings on the skin of his face.
"THANK YOU!  THANK YOU!  Arigato goziemashita, My Darling.  They are so beautiful.  Is that why you went to Thailand today?  You went to Thailand to buy me diamonds?  You are such a sweet lover."  She started to kiss him again.  Took his hand and led him into the living room where she had placed their dinner.  
There was water splashed all over the table and tatami mats.
"Did Mama-san and Michako know you were doing this?"
"No.  It was sheer luck that they decided to do it.  I was planning on our celebration being Saturday night with our tomodachi s. "
Tomi started to laugh.  Looked him up and down and her laughing got more exuberant.
"What is so hysterical?"  Rick asked.
"You're naked.  You have no clothes on standing looking at our dinner table."
She reached down for him.  "And you're getting manly.  Is that because you are thinking of me as your wife?"
"Yes.  I'm thinking what a cute butt you have and such a nice set of boobs.  But mostly how much I love you."
"Here, put on your nemaki and help me clean up this water that you spilled."
"Me?  I didn't spill any water."
"Hai, you did.  Indirectly anyway.  Honto, you did.  If you had not put my rings in the glass I would not have spilled the water."  She looked up smiling in delight and with a blush that made her complexion glow.
"Can I wear them both?  Even before we are married?  They are so beautiful and are made to go together."
"Are we married?  Are our souls not connected and our minds one?  Do you want everyone who sees us together know we are one?"  Rick expounded happily.
"Yes.  Yes, to all and anymore that you might ask."
Smiling Rick picked up his now full wine glass .  "To you, my lovely, pregnant wife.  To our life together as one."
Tomi raised her water glass and shyly sipped from the small amount of water that had remained after she had removed her rings.  "Us.  This is precious water that remains.  It touched my rings before I did.  Thank you My Love.  How did you do it?"
"What, Tomi?"
"Get the correct size.  They are a bit tight, but my fingers are a sukoshi fat.  I think from the baby.  He is making me fat everywhere else.  Why not my fingers as well?"
"You were sleeping so sound one night last week.  I got your other set of rings from your lingerie draw and measured them on a piece of cardboard."
"I did not hear you?"  She asked in astonishment.
"No.  You didn't."
"You are very deceptive, Rick Davis."
"Only out of love."



THIRTY-ONE

It was going to be a fast turn around at Utapao for the return leg of 3653s round robin courier run.  Jim Kelly, the flight chief said to expect several geese, possibly a dozen, for the return flight to Kadena.  Leo and Rick had just completed refueling 3653 and were in the cargo compartment picking up any trash left by the last bunch of geese and hooking up the seat belts and harnesses on the red nylon jump seats which lined both sides of the compartment when they heard the crew bus stop in front of their tanker.
Early arent they?  Leo asked.
Yeah, wonder whats up.  Rick commented while walking towards the open cargo door.
The fresh flight crew was off loading their gear from the crew bus but what interested Rick was the Armys Military Police weapons carrier which pulled up behind the bus.  In the back of the weps were four Army MPs and two soldiers in Army dress greens.  When they all stood and got ready to offload he could see the handcuffs and belly chains on the two in dress greens who were certainly prisoners and the fact that all four MPs were armed with holstered Colt military 45s and nightsticks hanging from their duty belts.  The first MP off of the weps wore sergeant strips.  As soon as he hit the tarmac he turned back to the truck and though Rick couldnt hear him clearly, the sergeant was obviously giving orders.  The next MP to dismount the weps wore private first class stripes and stepped to the opposite side of the weps tailgate.  The sergeant spoke again and the two handcuffed soldiers stepped the the rear of the trucks bed and with help from the men on the ground slide down onto the tarmac then stood next to the Pfc..  The two MPs remaining on the bed, another private first class. and a corporal bent over and each picked up a green Army issue duffle bag which they set on the very back edge of the truck bed so they could be reached from the ground.  The sergeant pointed towards the tanker and the passenger loading stairs pushed up to the cargo door.  Rick heard him tell the two MPs, who were now also on the ramp, to take the duffle bags aboard the tanker and he and the prisoners would follow them aboard.  
Were taking these prisoners to Okinawa.  I guess aboard your airplane.  Were the first words the sergeant spoke to Rick when he stepped off the stairs and into the cargo compartment.
Before Rick could answer the A/C who had closely followed the MPs aboard 3653 spoke up.  Sorry to spring this on you Chief.  I only found out about it a few minutes before we left Operations. 
He then turned to the MP sergeant.  I want them shackled to those tie down rings in the deck.  Where ever the crew chief wants you and them to sit.  He will be in charge and on headset through the entire flight.  At the least sign of a problem he will notify me and I shall depressurize the aircraft and put you all to sleep within two minutes.  He will be on O2 and will keep me updated as to what is happening back here.
Is that clear Sergeant?
Yes Sir.  Its completely agreeable with me and I really dont expect any problems from my prisoners.  They have been very docile since they were arrested for trafficking in marijuana.
Theyre all yours Chief.  After you get them squared away we can do our walk around.  See any problems or questions, Chief?
No Sir.  Sounds very forthright to me.  Unless you have more input Ill put them all the way back in the fuselage to give myself some wiggle room if they do start something.  If you want Sir, Leo can do the walk around with you.
That will work for me.  Ill put my gear in the cockpit and then find him downstairs.  Thanks, Chief.
Is that okay with you Sarge?  Rick addressed the senior MP.
Sounds good to me, Chief.  Will there be more passengers?
Sir?  Rick turned to the departing pilot.
I was told twelve Chief, OK?
Fine.  I gotcha covered, Sir.
Rick led the entourage to the rear of the cargo compartment on the starboard side of the cargo compartment.  You can use the last row of troop seats, Sarge.  You know how to use the tie down rings?  
Ill spread the other pacs along the other side and further up towards the forward end of the compartment so you can spread out as much as you want on this side.  The row of oxygen bottles will help give you some security on this end.  
Where shall we put these duffle bags full of pot, Chief.
How about we put them down under the deck in the boom pod.  We wont be refueling anything so the Boomer wont need access to it.
Where did they buy the weed, Sarge?  Rick asked.
Theyre stationed on Okinawa at a Little John site near White Beach.  Took an R&R trip to Bangkok to buy the pot then tried to bring it back on an Air Force flight from Takhli to Kadena.  An AP in Takhli smelled it for what it was and took the two of them into custody.  I guess they thought there was an open market on Okinawa for it and they would be millionaires by next week.  In reality they are just a pair of dumb mules who somebody higher on the food chain will profit from.  If theyre smart they will tell all for a lighter sentence in the stockade.
Poor suckers.  Guaranteed hard time isnt?  Rick asked.
The Sergeant nodded as he turned towards the prisoners and started to get them settled in their seats.
Rick let Leo do the engine start while he stood by the crew entry ladder to help the Boomer who was babysitting the MPs and prisoners.  He wanted to be close in case the prisoners decided that they didnt want to go back to Okinawa to stand trial. 
As soon as they entered the cargo compartment both Rick and Leo put on their helmets with oxygen masks hanging from them, and attached walk around portable O2 bottles to them.  This is not going to be a fun and relaxing flight home.  Leo expressed when he climbed onto the upper bunk with a paperback.  If you want to nap, Rick, Ill get up and stand watch for a while.
Yeah, I know.  Ill be okay.  Except that I cant watch our approach into Kadena.


"What are you thinking about?"  Hanging off the upper bunk Leo asked Rick who was sitting on a jump seat next to the galley..  They were just turning final to land at Kadena after almost three days of flying a round robin and coming home with a surprise package of dope smugglers.
"Don't answer that.  It was rhetorical.  Still can't pin down a closer date?"
"No.  Tomi is sticking to the tenth, but Cheryl and the doctor are saying any day now, before the tenth."
"Bob hasn't been able to get an answer from the squadron on a schedule for you?"
"They keep stalling.  I think that they want the baby to show up quick and they'll get out of making a decision.  Not that it's a big deal.  We've already flown more hours than any other KC on the base."
"Hopefully he'll have an answer when we get on the ground."
Rick moved down to the starboard over wing hatch and through its tiny window watched the East China Sea's colors change from a deep blue to a greenish blue then the foamy white breakers hitting the golden sand beaches of Okinawa.  The tanker's pilot leveled her wings and continued their descent towards the runway as the breakers disappeared under the leading edge of the right wing.  
"You know Leo, I always love flying into this island and landing on 5.  Watching the sea change colors and the breakers foaming against the beaches.  Seeing the small villages amongst the green trees and red roads meandering around the fields of sugar cane and under the trees.  It's really terrible what we're doing to this beautiful island.  Thousands of acres of farmland and lush green foliage being bulldozed and paved over so we can put more explosives and hydrocarbon gulping trucks and airplanes here."
"Getting a little sentimental and philosophical aren't we?"
"Yeah, I guess so.  I really love this island and it's people."  Rick grew quiet and Leo went back to his seat in the cargo compartment getting ready for landing.  He continued to gaze out the tiny window and flexed his knees to keep his balance just before the mains screech down on the concrete. 


Bob Kruse met them on the ramp as they closed up 3653 and gathered up their flight gear.  Who are your friends?  They said you had special passengers aboard but I didnt expect them to have armed escorts.  Kind of got suspicious though when they said the APs would board as soon as we got the stairs in place before the rest of the geese were offloaded.
Just a couple of low grade drug dealers from the Little John site at White Beach.  Thought they would make the big time before going back to CONUS.  Leo answered.
"I have good news and bad news.  Which do you want, Rick?  None of it is terrible, but it's the best that the First Sergeant and I could do for you and Tomi.
"Go ahead.  It can't be too awful bad by the look on your face and the fact that Cheryl isn't here raising hell with the whole Air Force says so."
"The Squadron Commander thinks it's a Fairchild issue and that we should have gone to them.  But in the end he compromised.  I think that he got some pressure from a couple of flight crews that I happened to talk to while you guys were gallivanting all over the Pacific Ocean."
"So?  What's the verdict?"  Leo asked before Rick could.
"Gee, the Siamese twins are back I see."  Bob responded smiling and shaking his head.
"You officially have 10 days off, Rick.  Only if you need them.  In other words, if the baby shows up on day 4 or 5, you get three more days off with no flying, but fly on the fourth.  Also, You have to fly one day in five regardless of when the kid shows up.
I scheduled you to fly on the Wednesday, the 6th and on the 11th.  You go back on regular rotation on the 13th.  Hopefully he'll be here before then.
The First Sergeant thought that was a good deal because the Squadron Commander didn't seem to count the days when I wrote it up and asked him to sign it.
As an aside, not for public knowledge, the First Shirt said if the little guy isn't here when predicted, you'll get three days off anyway when he does arrive."
"Thanks, Bob.  Sounds great to me.  Actually more than I expected.  If Tomi and I were married it would be different.
Cheryl put her stamp of approval on it?"
"Yeah.  In a way.  Said some not quite nice words about the Air Force.  But I've heard worse from her.
Tomi will stay with us when you're gone and so far you'll only be gone for less than 24 hours.  Just CAP missions, no round robins until after the 11th."
"Any word on the girl's port calls?"  Rick asked.
"Actually, they'll be here on the 20th.  And they can't wait to see their Uncle Rick and his new bride and baby.  They want to babysit the wee one.  I don't see as Tomi will have baby sitter problems when you're gone and she's in school.  I have three women who are all starting to nest with your family.  
Thank God.  Cheryl can't have any more and the young ones are still too young.  So Baby Brad will be a surrogate child for them.  Two girls, a thirteen and an eleven year old are enough for any man."
"Who's going to cover for me besides Leo?"
"Don Naylor, of course.  And me."
"You."  The crew chiefs echoed each other.
"Yes.  Me.  I passed my flight physical two days ago and went through a refresher in the altitude chamber this morning."  Bob said with a noticeable tone of pride in his voice.  He produced some papers from inside his flight jacket that he handed to Leo.
"What are they, Leo?"  Rick asked.
"Flight orders as of this afternoon.
You really pulled some strings to get this all done in two days Bob."
"What can I say.  They're hard up for crew chiefs on status.  Even master sergeants are welcome."  Bob said as he stopped the truck in front of the transit barracks.  
"So to repeat myself, you guys have an early one Wednesday morning.  Wheels up at 0700.  Then South for an early CAP.  Since this is Friday, that gives you four days off Rick.  
Leo, you and Don will fly 3653 Monday on a CAP.  Wheels up at 0900.  Okay guys?  I can't think of anything else.  Can you?"
"If we don't talk to you before, Tomi and I will be over Tuesday afternoon sometime and she'll stay over for two nights while I'm gone."
"Yeah, Cheryl said to remind you.  She and Tomi are going to make you cole slaw and fried chicken on Tuesday night."


Rick tossed his flight bag onto the bottom step and looked up the four flights of wooden stairs leading to their apartment.  He broke into a broad grin.  Sitting on a small wooden straight chair on the tiny upper landing was the love of his life.
"Hey Fly Boy.  You want a date?"  Tomi spoke softly.  Rick could barely hear her.
"Yeah, as long as I can have it before Christmas.  Think that will be possible?"  Rick answered.
"I think any day now.  You had better hurry up to me.  I haven't had my share of touchy-feel for three days and I'm perishing from the lack of my lover's touch."
Rick took the steps two and three at a time carrying his heavy flight bag.
Tomi stood and stepped into his arms to be hugged.
"I only have panties on under my yukata.  I think that we should go inside."
Their lips met and Rick tasted the salt of her tears.  With tender lips and tongue he picked up the salty tracks on her cheeks and eye lids.
He dropped his flight bag on the deck and pushed the chair out of his way and scooped her up in his arms and carried her to their bed.  She clung to his neck snuggling her face into his throat.  For several minutes he held her in his arms enjoying the warmth of her body and feel of her breasts pushing against his chest.
"I have to take off my boots."  Rick said softly and with a bit of guilt.
"That's okay.  It's an emergency, neh?"
He laid her on the bed.
"I missed not having you home for three days.  I'm feeling different and maybe a little scared that he would come and you wouldn't be with me.  I kept thinking about how I would get down the stairs then to Koza and the Central Hospital.  Do you think that I'm being silly?"
"No.  Absolutely not.  Your time is getting close and we really have no way of predicting the exact date and time this independent little kid will decide to make an appearance.  I'll be home until Tuesday.  I have to fly on Wednesday, then I'll be home until the 11th which I think is a week from Monday.  A day after when you think he'll arrive."
"Okay.  I feel better knowing that you will be here with me."
"You know, I've been thinking that maybe we should stay with Cheryl and Bob for several days until the baby comes.  You brought up getting down the stairs.  I've also thought of that and am concerned that it might not be too smart to stay here.  We know that they want us to do that."
"Maybe not right away.  I'd like for us to have as much privacy as we can, for as long as we can.  If I feel anxious like I did when you were gone, then we can go stay with them?"  Tomi asked.
"Cheryl called me, twice a day, everyday, and asked me when I wanted to stay with them.  I told her when you weren't here.  Was that right?  Or should I have told her how I felt?"
It was up to you Tomi.  But I dont want you getting stressed or anxious.
"This is what I meant about our privacy."   Tomi said as she pressed herself closer to him as they lay on top of the futon on their bed.
"You're doing fine, but I'm thinking that by Monday we may want to be in Koza, closer to the Central Hospital and not have to deal with the stairs.  Would you be comfortable with that?"  Rick asked her.
"If you're also concerned, it will be the correct thing to do.  To stay with Bob and Cheryl."
"Okay.  We can talk to them over the next two days and tell them how we feel and go to Koza on Monday.
The girls will be here on the 20th.  Did Cheryl tell you that?"
"Yes.  And she said that she wants to take care of Brad when I start school.  Will that be all right?"
"I think it's great.  We're going to have to do some schedule juggling then anyway.  When I go back to the states, you'll have an even harder time taking care of the baby and going to school."
"I don't even want to think about that.  But I have.  I'm thinking that I will have to move to a house between Naha and Koza so I won't have to travel so far, so often.  It will cost me rent.  You know that I don't have rent here.  Ojisan owns the building."
"That won't be a problem we can't handle.  As long as I'm at Fairchild I'll put money in our Bank of America joint account.  Money to pay bills, or you can put in the savings account as you want and need to."
"Now I need a shower and we need to fix something for supper, Tomi.  Unless you want to go out to eat?"
"You shower.  Maybe I'll take a shower also and let the hot water run on me for a long time."
"Sounds good to me.  You can go first Tomi."
"Hai. I would like that.  I did get some eggs and bread.  Also there is rice we can cook.  Sushi would taste very good.  But we don't have any."  Tomi added with a soft sweet smile as she batted her eyes at Rick.
"Stop it!  You're killing me with those 1940 movie eyes.  I'll go get us some sushi after I shower.  But you will have to make us a salad.  I know that you have lettuce and some other things for a salad."
"Hai.  I can do that."



THIRTY-TWO

"Yes."
"Yes what?"  Rick asked.
"Hai.  I think that I should move to Koza after you leave."
They were lying in bed watching for ships and drinking coffee.  A typical American Sunday morning being spent on Okinawa by a biracial couple very much in love.
"You have ruined me.  I never drank so much coffee before I found this coffee house on Kokusai Dori and this really beautiful young woman who was running it.
Do you think that she will tell me her secrets?  Like where she gets those coffee beans which make such great kohi?"
"I think she will tell you all of her secrets.  Even the ones that no other man will ever know."  Tomi spoke softly.
"Such as why she fell in love with a poor underpaid fly boy who thought that he could only love airplanes?  But fell in love with her?"  Rick added.
Tomi turned slightly more towards him so she could touch her lips to his cheek.
"Why not before I leave and before you start school?  Bob, Leo, and Don will help us move.  And there are enough women to help you with the baby and get us settled in a new place.  I will be home until Tuesday night.  We can look for a house over the next three days.  Then after you come home with the baby, we can be moved into the new house before I leave and you start school."
Tomi put up her hands in front of his face.  "That is not the way I want to say it.  But it will have to do.  You churn up my inner spirit beyond any hope."  She kissed him quickly on the lips before speaking again.  "Maybe we should go stay with Cheryl and Bob this afternoon.  Then we could start looking, neh?  I don't think that I really want to spend too much time traveling to Koza over the next few days.  If we stay with Bob and Cheryl it would be easier to look.  Neh?"
"That is my thought also.  I really would like for us to find an apartment or small house soon so that we can get moved in before I have to leave."
I think an apartment would be fine.  A combination of Okinawan and Western styles.  You know, the kind that they rent to the GIs and their families.  Like Bob and Cheryls.  "I spoke to Ojisan one time about this.  It was before we became lovers.  He has many friends who own houses and I think that he knows of such a man in Koza who would help us.  I told him of my worry about the four flights of stairs with the baby coming and after.  That is when he said that he would find me something if ever I would ask him to.  Do you think that we should ask him?"
"Yes.  Definitely.  Is he driving his taxi today, or would he be home?"
"I don't know, but after we get off of the bed I'll call him.  I'm in no hurry to leave this warm cocoon of love and caring that we have created.  Are you?"
"My God.  My loving philosopher has reappeared.  No.  I'm content to lay here with my sweet natured, silky bodied lover and caress her baby belly and whisper sweet nothings to our yet to be born aka-chan."
"Our!  Our aka-chan?  I love to hear that.
Our baby.  Staff Sergeant and Mrs. Rick Davis's son.
Oh yes, Rick.  I do love to hear you say that."
"Do you know how his birth certificate has to read, Tomi?"  
"Yes.  Kind of anyway.  I went to the American consulate to find out what the American rules are.  The name makes no difference to them.  But since Brad and I were not, and you and I are not married, he can not be an American citizen without proof that Brad was his father.  Since Brad is gone, that will be almost impossible since even he did not know that he was going to be a father.  And obviously you can't be his real father.  That is not the right term, neh?"
"Biological father is the term that you want."
"Hai.  I understand.  Anyway. I can name him anything that I want, except that in Japan, his given name must be the same as mine or his father's.  So it will have to be Tomanaga."
"You have said that you want to name him after Brad.  Which I think is a great idea.  So...Bradford Burgess Davis Tomanaga.  After I adopt him, you or he could drop Tomanaga or not."
"I have thought more about it since we became lovers and said that we would be married.  I think that I would like to name him Bradford Davis Tomanaga.  Later we can make Tomanaga his middle name.  Neither of us have a middle name.  But he could have one, neh?"


"Okay, am I correct?  You want to find a place to live here in Koza before the baby comes.  Then move in to it before you go back CONUS, Rick?"  Bob Kruse asked.
"Correct.  Tomi's uncle gave us the name of a buddy of his who owns some of these hybrid houses such as you guys live in.  Tomi needs to rest.  We've already been on the go all day.  But I thought that you and I, Bob, could go look at a couple of his places and see if they're what Tomi and I want.  If so, the four of us can look at it again on Monday.  Then let the women decide on it.  You're off tomorrow right, Bob?  What do you think Cheryl?"  Rick asked her.
"What does Tomako say?  Never mind.  I know the answer to that one."
"Actually, you smart-ass.  It was a joint decision started by her.   A logical solution to a long term problem of being close to the hospital for the kid to be born in.  The doctor for the baby's first couple years.  Baby sitters, you and the girls.  And easy travel for Tomi to go back and forth to school.  With me gone for who knows how long, she'll have a close and strong support system.  After I come back, and we're married, we'll be close to the base for all the obvious reasons."
"All right already.  I can see the look of relief on our girl's beautiful and delicate face.  I think it's a great idea.  Let's get hot and get it done, guys."  Cheryl hugged Tomi.  Kissed her on both cheeks before coming to Rick and planting a real lip smacker on him. 
"Remember that one my love.  It is the last lips you will ever get from me.  The only reason I did that is because you make me so proud of the kid I raised for the last four and a half years.  You're doing great Kid!"


"This is the apartment that I like best."  Rick said as the four friends walked along the clean sidewalk along a narrow paved city street.  The light blue painted concrete buildings on both side of the block were two and three stories.  On the ground floor of some were small stores that were selling almost anything that a family would use.  The smell of a multitude of tea mixtures drifted out the open door of the tea shop.  Next to it was a kitchen store that had dishes, stainless and aluminum flatware, pots and pans and every imaginable kind of utensils hung in the windows.  A grocery and general store that sold everything from fresh vegetables, eggs, meat and even ice cream, to beer and Coke, was across the street.
"Well?"  Bob asked as they roamed the two bedroom apartment.  "I agree with Rick.  This is the nicest and it's brand new.  Western bathroom fixtures and the kitchen is bigger than ours, Cheryl."
Tomi had gone out the back door onto the concrete deck which overlooked a small enclosed yard.  They would share the yard with the middle aged couple who owned the house.  The woman owned and ran the hair dresser's shop on the ground floor.  
"This is really nice.  I could be happy here.  And we would have more room than in my apartment with a room just for the baby."  Tomi was smiling and appeared relaxed as she looked down into the small grass plot and a few bright flowers that were bordering the small yard.  "We can afford it, Rick.  Even for myself and the baby it's not too much money.  Who owns it?"  She asked.
"The hair dresser and her husband.  Bob and I talked to them both last night and they're really nice.  The husband is a security guard for the US Army at Sukiran."
Rick had walked out onto the deck with Tomi and she stepped closer to him and put her arm around his waist and leaned her forehead against his chest.  "Are we too close to the Kruses house?"  She whispered into his chest.
"I don't think so.  It's about five or six blocks that way."  And pointed with his chin roughly down the street.  "If you think it is, we can look some more.  Do you?"
"Iie.  I only wanted to be sure that you had thought of that and was comfortable with it.  I do know where the hospital is.  I can walk or for 10 cents, ride a sukoshi cab."
"I think it's fine if it is what you want.  Not just what you can live with, but really like it, Tomi."
"Oh I do.  I love having the stores so close and still being quiet.  Away from the bars and big stores where the GIs go."  Tomi leaned against him.  Let's take it and live here for a while before you leave.  Then you will have a home to come to when you come back to me and the baby."
"You'll miss the sunsets and boats.  Especially at night."
"I can do that.  I never had those things until Ojisan let me have the apartment in Tomari.  But now I have a new baby and husband to consider."
"It's settled guys.  This is the new Davis home."  Rick told Bob and Cheryl who were still in the kitchen to give Rick and Tomi the privacy to make their own decision.  Before the four had left the Kruse home Cheryl had laid down the law.  "Tomi and Rick are going to make the decision by themselves.  It's their future and there doesn't have to be any outside influences.  Whatever you kids decide will be the way it is."
"Okay, that's settled.  When do we move you in?  Before or after?"
"We decided when we made the decision to move to Koza that it would be after the baby is born.  Maybe while Tomi and the little one are still in the hospital.  If we can work it out around various flying schedules.  Cheryl, can you borrow that nesan's ID card again?  Tomi and I will go to the BX tomorrow and get what else we need for the baby.  You know, a bassinet, blankets, diapers.  Whatever else Tomi needs."
"Done.  I'll get it first thing in the morning so by mid-morning you two can go shopping.  The Kadena BX or Machinato PX has everything that you'll need for now."


"You're tired, I know.  But is there anything else that you want or really need?  If not I think that we should go home."
Tomi hugged his arm and rested her head against him.  "I am getting tired.  It's worth it.  We have some beautiful things for the baby."
"I'm sorry we didn't do this sooner.  It would have been easier for you, Tomi."
She kissed his cheek and smiled.  "Today is a very good day to be doing this.  Our Karma is right on track and I have felt it was right every day as we have found our new house and bought these baby things.  When you gave me my rings is when it started.  Everything was correct and has been as it is supposed to be ever since.  Yes, I'm ready to go home and wait with you for our baby to come."



THIRTY-THREE

"It's a couple minutes after 0400.  Bob and I have to leave."  Rick answered Tomi as he put on his flight suit and stepped over to the bed.  "Go back to sleep.  You've been restless the last couple of nights and I'm sure that you're not getting enough rest."
"I'm alright. It's just this bratty kid who is getting impatient."  She said when she rolled onto her back.  "Look how huge he is and low on my stomach.  I now believe what women have said about the last few days being the worst.  You must go.  Do you know when you'll get back?"
"Supposedly by 3 o'clock.  But you know how that goes."
"I know.  It has been nice to have you home with me everyday.  Even though I have Cheryl, I'd rather be with you."
"Honto?  A stupid male animal who knows nothing about babies or having babies, and you prefer him?"
Tomi stretched her arms up towards him.  "Dozo?  Hold me again before you go."
Rick bent over her and hugged her.  He moved back just far enough to kiss her on the forehead working his way down to her throat.  The spot that always made her squeal with delight.
"Mmm.  That is very nice.  Now go."
"You going to be okay?  Maybe I should get Bob to cover for me."
"Iie.  I'm all right.  The baby is all right.  Just kiss me, again.  Go!"  She ordered.  "And come home quick."
"I love you Tomako Tomanaga.  With all of my being."
"I love you also.  Now go.  I can hear Bob pacing in the kitchen."


"How's she doing.  We heard her up a couple of times during the night.  Cheryl used to do that for about three or four nights before the kid decided to arrive."
"Tomi started doing it the last night we stayed in Tomari.  That's part of the reason we thought that it was better to come and stay with you.  I'm sorry, Bob.  I know that it's interrupting your night's sleep."
"Don't worry about it.  We're really glad that you decided to stay with us.  Cheryl would be very hard to get along with if Tomi was out of sight and she couldn't be close to watch out for her.  We love you both.  Cheryl and I agree on that.  Tomi is the best thing that ever happened to you.  Both of you actually.
Are you okay to fly today?"  Bob asked kind of changing the subject.
"Yeah.  I got enough sleep even if I am running some on adrenaline."  Rick started to laugh as Bob pulled through Kadena gate #2.  The guards waved them through automatically when they saw the base sticker on the windshield and both men in uniform. 
"What's so funny?"
"I'm picturing myself as a real 'brown bagger'."  Never thought that I'd really do it.  And never in my most hopeful moments thought that the reason would be a woman like Tomako.  And that I would be a Daddy."
"I'll pick you and Leo up at the snack bar in a while.  I know that he has the preflight done, so have some breakfast and relax."
"Yes, Daddy."  Rick smiled and climbed out of Bob's 'new', 1960 Oldsmobile.  Can I use the car tonight to take my girl to a movie, Dad?"
"Maybe.  If you do a good job today and promise you won't take her to a passion pit and get stains all over the back seat."
"Boy, you are hard on a guy."
"I could go along as a chaperone."
"Heaven forbid."
"See ya in a few."  Kruse said as he drove away.



THIRTY-FOUR

It was the start of a very long day when a Marine Corp F4 Phantom with battle damage resulting in losing fuel, was in need of a refuel and an escort into DaNang.  Then they were diverted into UT to refuel before starting the long trip back to Kadena escorting and refueling a B52 which was on its first leg of a trip back to CONUS and a trip to IRAN (Inspection and replace as necessary) modifications.  
In his usual seat, the IPs, Rick was enjoying the changing panorama taking place in the Thailand sky.  There were scattered pure white cumulus contrasting with the bright blue of a wind cleaned sky.  It was constantly changing as his tanker made a climbing left turn and headed out over the Gulf of Siam headed for 25,000 feet and their rendezvous with the B52.  He let his eyes wander over the pilots flight instruments as was his habit and paused for a couple seconds watching the digital altimeter numbers pass through 17,000 feet headed upwards to 17,500. 
It was only a flash of sound similar to a huge built-up charge of static electricity cracking between your fingers and a metal object.  Everybody on the flight deck heard it.  Strange to the sounds one would expect in this environment. 
Jesus!  Take it, Jake!  The A/C commanded the co-pilot.
There were expletives from all the crew when they realized what had happened.  The pilot was hurriedly putting on his helmet and pulled down the clear plastic visor over his eyes before locking his oxygen mask into place.  
Rick looked at the pilots windshield almost in disbelief,.  It was a network of fine spider web like cracks each a quarter to three eighths of an inch apart over its entire surface.  Fortunately none of the pieces had separated from the multilayers of glass and plastic that made up the one inch thick windshield. 
The A/C reached over his head to the pressurization panel and turned it off before going back on instruments to fly the tanker.
Ive got it, Jake.  
Put on your helmets.  Everybody.
Rick looked around as he slipped his oxygen mask over his face and smiled realizing that emergency training was being reward.  The only one with no helmet or oxygen mask all ready on was the co-pilot who had been busy flying the airplane.
The tankers nose dipped rapidly as the A/C pushed his yoke forward.  Nose down the tanker started a rapid descent.
Were descending to 10,000 before that thing decides to blow out.  
Nav, contact the CP and advise them of our situation and see what kind of advice they have to offer.
Pilot - Nav
Go ahead Tom
They want to know if we think it will hold if we stay at 10,000.  Also ask if we can top off the BUFF.
Well be all right at 10,000 but only if we reduce speed can we guarantee it will work.
What do you think Boom?  Want to try a refuel at 10,000?
If the BUFF is willing to try it.  Not sure if hes going to be light enough for us to give him enough fuel to make it all the way to Guam from here though.
Copy, Tom?  Pass it on to the CP.
Chief?
Sir?
Whats your opinion?  Will this thing hold?
Good chance that it will if we stay at 10,000 and slow down a bit.  I wouldnt want to climb any higher or hit a higher airspeed.  I really dont want to express an opinion about trying to refuel the BUFF.  Thats the boomers call I think, Sir.
CP is back on the horn.
Go ahead, Tom
Theyre basically leaving up to you Sir.  If you want to keep going to Kadena at any speed and altitude you choose, go for it.
They are going to launch the strip alert bird on Guam to take care of the BUFF.  So we dont have to worry about him.
The weather still all right, Tom?
Couldnt be better.  Even have a bit of a tailwind to pick up our ground speed some.
Want me to run the time figures on a fresh flight plan?  I need an airspeed youre comfortable with.
Lets try 275, Tom and 10,000.  Well be under their radar most of the way, but stations along the way can pick up our transponder.
Gotcha.  Makes it about six hours to home.  May pick up a few minutes depending on the winds we hit a 10,000.  Also may get a bit rough at times but I dont think anything too bad.
Copy, Tom.
All right guys, low and slow, but lets go home.
The familiar sight of the East China Sea sliding under 3653's nose brought a smile to Rick's lips.  But he had to wipe the sweat from his palms as the tanker chased the 'rabbit' towards touchdown.  The crew was borderline out of time as the tanker's mains kissed the white strips on the touchdown end of runway 5.  It was 1800 hours and they were 5 hours behind schedule.  
Nice landing for a co-pilot.  The navigator quipped as they rolled out not trying to make the first turn off.
"Hey, Rick."  The pilot spoke over the intercom.  Ground control wants me to drop you at the entrance to the revetments and have your assistant finish up for you.  The flightline chief will be waiting for you and take you to the gate."
"That all they said?"  Rick asked.
"Something about hurrying up because you are or am about to become a daddy.  Tomi is in the Central Hospital and all is well.  End of message."
"Thanks, Sir."
"Rick?  Good luck and congratulations.  Let us know if you need anything.
And Im sorry I broke your windshield."
There was a flurry of mike buttons being pushed as the whole crew agreed with their A/C.



THIRTY-FIVE

"Kruse will be at the flightline gate with his car to meet you.  We all hoped that you'd get back sooner but these missions don't always go as planned."
"It's fine Sarge.  I appreciate the ride and help.  Bob will be able to fill me in."
"Jump in Daddy.  Guess you missed the exciting part but all is well and Tomi and child are desperate to see you.  He was born at about 1630.  Tomi went into labor at 0730 after her water broke at 0700.  Just about the time you went wheels-up he started protesting that he wanted out."
Bob led the way to the maternity ward where Cheryl was sitting on the edge of Tomi's bed and holding her hand.  She didn't speak, but gently motioned for Rick to take her place.  She kissed his cheek, smiled and softly said, "Everything is fine.  Tomi is tired, the baby is beautiful, has ten fingers and ten toes."
Rick sat on the edge of the bed.  Took Tomi's hand from Cheryl and started to lean down to kiss her when Tomi opened her eyes.  Her face lit up in the huge Tomako smile that he loved, and she placed her free hand and arm around his neck.  She pulled him closer and nuzzled his neck.
Rick kissed her passionately and felt her respond tightening her arm around his neck and gripping his hand tighter.
"I love you sooo much, Rick-san.  And we have a beautiful and hungry son.  Take me to see him.  I want to be with you, and hold you when you see him for the first time.  I just fed him, but he'll be hungry again in a tiny bit.  He doesn't take much yet and I'm just starting to give him enough milk."
"I'm sorry..."  Rick started to say.  
Tomi placed her hand over his mouth.  "There was no way we could know.  And you have to do what you are paid to do.
I had Cheryl, then Bob.  It wasn't the same, but I felt secure and knew that everything would be all right."
They talked quietly while Rick pushed her in a wheelchair to the nursery.
"He's easy to find.  He's the most handsome with the creamy complexion and black hair like mine."  Tomi said laughingly.  "I thought that he might have blond hair and blue eyes, or at least hazel eyes.  But no.  He will be dark haired and dark eyed with a beautiful white complexion and no Asian fold on his eyes."
"I know that you're jerking my chain.  I love him just as he is and know that you also love him 'as is'.  
He's going to be smart and ambitious just like his mother."
A nurse came out and spoke to Tomi in Japanese.
"What"  Rick asked, not picking up on much of the short conversation.
"She thinks that I should nurse him again.  So she's going to bring him to my bed so we can be private and you can really see him."



THIRTY-SIX

Evening visiting hours in the Central Hospital's maternity ward were from 7 to 9 o'clock.
Rick walked through the door of the ward on Sunday evening at two minutes after 7.
"We have been waiting for you all day."  Tomi said holding Brad to her breast.  He's suckling like a little pig, but I have more than enough milk for him.  Do you think that means he'll grow fast and big?"
Rick leaned over as Tomi raised her face to him.  Their lips met with the urgency they both felt.  
"I love you and I'm busy but still missing you."  He said and bent down and kissed Brad on his fuzz covered head.  "He's losing his hair.  My God, he's turning bald at four days old."
Tomi laughed.  "I don't think so.  There's new hair coming in.  He's through eating for few minutes.  Here, hold him.  He needs to get better acquainted with his Daddy.
You're comfortable holding him and you love him as you love me, honto?"
"Yes.  He's ours, but in reality he is a part of your heart and spirit which makes him easy for me to love."
Tomi patted her bed beside her.  "Dozo.  I have to feel you touching me and I need to know how your day was."
Rick sat still holding Brad in the crook of his right arm.  "He's asleep."
"Hai.  He always does that after he has eaten.  Typical male.  Eats and falls to sleep.  Tell me."  She demanded.  "Did you get us moved?"
"Hai.  We are all moved into our new home.  You'll love it when you see it.  Cheryl and Yoshi repainted the baby's room and put up blinds and curtains."
"Hai.  I know.  Yoshi asked if it would be all right.  It was her idea and Cheryl helped her.  She even brought the paint for me to pick out the color and pieces of fabric for the curtains.  Did you know that she now works in the BX?"
"Yeah, Don mentioned it.  She's going to school and is now working in the accounting department."
"Tell me.  What happened today?"
"Not much really.  I finished packing what we hadn't got to before we came to Koza.  I did that when I wasn't here with you.  Ojisan met us at the apartment with his tomodachi who owns a sukoshi truck.  Bob, Don, Leo and I all went to Tomari with Bob's car and a car that Don borrowed from his hippie friend.  With six of us it only took a little over an hour to load the cars and truck.  Yoshi and Cheryl met us at Koza and the guys put everything in the kitchen and living room and then left."
"Iie!  They left you with everything just in a pile?  I cannot believe that."  
"Iie, Leo, Don and Ojisan and his tomodachi left.  Bob, Cheryl, and Yoshi stayed to help.  Leo and Don are flying so they had to leave.  Anyway, we can move or change anything that we want after you get home on Tuesday."
"Will you be able to take me home?  I don't want to go to our new home with Cheryl or Bob.
I want very much for us and Brad to be together.  Just the three of us, when we go in the door of our home."
"Hai.  I'll pick you up before lunch and we'll be home for lunch and a long nap."
"You aren't flying tomorrow?  I hope not.  It would be terrible if you had to stay someplace in Thailand or on Guam overnight."
"I'm not flying.  I'm going to help Don launch his EC and 3653 is in for inspection from flying tonight so I'll work on it until 1600.  Then Leo and I will be off until Wednesday when we will be going to fly a CAP.  It will be an afternoon flight so we won't be home until about midnight."
When Tomi snuggled against him, Rick saw her grimace which just flashed across her face.
"You alright?"
She squeezed his hand and pressed tighter against him.  "Our son's big head needed more room and I'm a little tender.  But I'll heal quickly and it only hurts if I move wrong.  Is your arm tired.  I can take him if you want."
"No.  I'm just going to change arms and walk around to the other side of the bed."
"I need to feel our bare skin touch.  I am really in need of being caressed and held."  Tomi spoke softly.
"Hai, me too.  It won't be long and we'll be in our own bed, under a warm futon and just our naked bodies"
"Feel my stomach.  It is shrinking.  Tomorrow night I will be able to lie on top of you as I have wanted to do for a very long time."  She smiled as she kneaded his arm and kissed his free hand.
"Oh, yeah."
"What, oh, yeah?"  Tomi asked smiling knowing that she was about to hear something good.  Rick never used that expression except for good things.
With a broad smile he leaned over the baby cradled in his arms and kissed her with the passion they both felt for each other.
"I turned in our request for PCS orders to Kadena.  I asked for a four year tour."
"It was approved?"
"It was approved by Kadena with a request that I be transferred ASAP since they are having a crew chief shortage.  Now it has to go to Fairchild for approval.  I talked to the flight chief and first sergeant back there and they'll put a rush and push for approval from the squadron there."
"You'll come back here then.  When?"
"Can't say, Tomi.  But it could still take awhile.
All we can do is be patient and hope for some fast action."  He kissed her lightly.  
"It's after 10 o'clock.  I guess that I should go before they kick me out."
"All these okusan s had their babies at least yesterday.  So they are like us, impatient to go home.  The nurses only care if we have a brand new mother here."


Rick had been on the flightline since 0500 when he and Don Naylor had preflighted Don's EC for a 0700 launch. 
"Let's get some breakfast and then check on 3653."
"How's Tomi and baby Brad doing?  Home tomorrow?"
"Yeah.  They're both great and Tomi can't wait to get home.
We really appreciate all you've done between flying for me and helping us move.  I owe you big time, Don."
As you keep telling me, pay back is hell."
"Is there a message hidden in there somewhere?"
"Could be.  The approval for Yoshiko and I to get married is sitting in personnel waiting for someone higher up on the food chain to sign it.  Then it's a done deal.
Oh yeah, you ain't the only new daddy around here.  Or soon to be one."
"Really?  You never mentioned whether you wanted to start a family or not.  So should I congratulate you or say tough luck?"
"We definitely want him."
"So congratulations."
"We'd like you and Tomi to stand up for us when we get married in the Mayor's office."
"Sure.  We'd like that.  Sure it can be done before next month?  I'm out of here on about the 5th or 6th of January."
"Yeah, I know.  It should be all right for the 26th or 27th of December."
They had just sat down to eat their breakfast when Bob Kruse pulled up in his flightline chief's pickup.  He came into the snack bar with a huge smile, waved at the crew chiefs as he went to the coffee urn, filled a cup and walked over to sit with them.
"You, SSgt Davis, should kiss me and smile happily as I spread good cheer."
"MSgt Kruse, what in hell are you talking about?"  Rick asked.
"My crazy Black Irish wife just left a message for me to call her.  What she really wanted was to get a message to you Rick."  He was still smiling like crazy but giving no hint to what was going on.
"Quit fucking with me, Kruse."  Rick laughed.
"Okay.  Cheryl actually called for you.  Your lovely little wife and son are being released from the hospital at 1000 hours.  
You are officially released from duty for the rest of the day.  
I don't want to see you, or Leo, on the flightline again until 1300 on Wednesday.  I'll get the word to Leo at the barracks.  
Your tanker will need a good preflight since it is coming out of BPO unless you can get your confederate here to check on it for you."
"You got it, Rick.  As soon as I finish eating I'll go check on it.
Yoshi and I will see you and Tomi about dinner time for a short visit.  I haven't seen that rug rat yet."  Don said as he started to eat his bacon and eggs.  
"We'll bring some sushi and fried chicken over."
Both friends looked at Don, turned to each other and shook their heads in unison.
"Sushi and fried chicken?"  Rick asked laughing as he stood to leave.
"I don't think that he's officially a rug rat yet Don.  That stage is when he starts crawling.  I know that he may be a bit precocious, but not that advanced."  Bob injected with a laugh. 



EPILOGUE

The new three member Davis family had a few short weeks of bliss and harmony.
On January 3rd, 1968 Tomako Tomanaga started classes at the University of the Ryukyus in the newly open School of Health Sciences to get her BS degree in Human Services.
On January 6th, SSgt Rick Davis departed Okinawa for his home base at Fairchild AFB in the state of Washington.  He had already applied for a Permanent Change of Duty Station (PCS) back to Kadena AFB on Okinawa. 
Rick got notice on March 4th, 1968 that his request to marry Tomako Tomanaga was approved by the Military Command of the Ryukyus Islands and he started considering options to travel to Okinawa to get married and adopt his son.  His PCS orders were also approved and he would receive them shortly
On March 15th he received his Permanent Change of Duty Station orders to Kadena AFB for a 48 month tour of duty.  He would depart Fairchild for a 30 day delay en route leave beginning on April 2, 1968.  On April 5th, 1968 he arrived VIA a Fairchild AFB KC135 tanker, tail number 57-1430 at Kadena AFB.
Tomako Tomanaga and Rick Davis were married in the Naha City Mayor's office on April 10th with Cheryl and Bob Kruse, Don and Yoshiko Naylor as witnesses.  
Rick held their son, Bradford Tomanaga Davis, in his arms for the entire ceremony.
In June of 1971, Tomako Davis received her BS degree and she accepted a position with the Ryukyu Institute of Public Health in Naha City.
In August of 1972 the Davis family departed Okinawa for a change of Duty Station back to Fairchild AFB where Rick could complete his enlistment in April of 1973.  
In May of 1973 Rick took a position with Hawaiian Airlines in Honolulu as an aircraft maintenance supervisor and Tomi took a position with the Hawaii Department of Public Health in Honolulu.
Brad T. Davis attended and graduated from the University of Hawaii before enlisting in the Air Force where he completed flight training on C141 transports and later transitioned to the new C17 cargo planes stationed at McChord AFB near Seattle, WA.
The Kruses retired from the Air Force in Honolulu where Bob went to work for Rick Davis at Hawaiian Airlines.
Cheryl and Tomi are still inseparable friends.
Don and Yoshi Naylor stayed in the Air Force and as happens so often, they all lost touch with each other.
Leo and Linda Rosko left the Air Force after Leo's three year enlistment was up.  They live in a suburb of Boston and without fail send Christmas and birthday cards to the Davis and Kruse families every year.
###



AUTHOR BIOGRAPHY
The author, Herb Blanchard is retired and living in the Puget Sound area of Washington State.  He is a Vietnam Era US Navy Seabee veteran who spent several years stationed on Okinawa and made many trips to the island during his two tours in Vietnam.
He followed his six year Seabee tour with an Air Force hitch of four years as a KC135 tanker crew chief flying to and from Southeast Asia and flew many combat missions over South Vietnam and off the coast of North Vietnam.  He took every opportunity to return to Okinawa be a two day lay-over or a 120 day TDY.
Herb made and had many friends American and Okinawan on the island.  He knew the island and its people well and enjoyed every day he spent there. 



GLOSSARY

(A list of Japanese, Okinawan, English & corrupted words & names in all three languages used by the GIs on Okinawa during the 1960's and 1970's.  Also Air Force and aircraft terms.)

"A" Sign - Placed by US military health inspectors.  GIs and Military civilian employees were only allowed to patronize establishments with an "A" sign.
AWOL - absent-without-leave.  Slang for a small bag like a gym bag to carry a change of clothes & shaving gear.
BUFF - B52 Heavy bomber.  (Big Ugly Fat Fucker)
BX - Base Exchange  (Navy & Air Force) 
Combat Apple missions - CAP  Combat air patrol in the vicinity of North Vietnam and the Gulf of Tonkin.  On standby to refuel fighters and bombers flying missions in that area as well as supporting other aircraft flying search and rescue missions for downed flight crews.  Supporting Jolly Greens. 
CONUS - Continental US
C7 - Caribou  Twin engine aircraft used in Southeast Asia has short, rough field landing and takeoff capabilities.
C141 - Large four engine jet cargo aircraft.
Crew Chief - The NCO in charge of maintaining, refueling, and repairing an aircraft.  The person whose name is in the aircraft's forms. The one who maintains and updates these forms.
EC135 - A modified KC135 loaded with radios and electronics but still capable of refueling other aircraft in flight.
F4 Phantom - Twin engine jet fighter bomber. 
KC135A - Aerial refueling version of a Boeing 707.  Also carries passengers, (Geese), and cargo.
MARS - Military Affiliated Radio System.  A combined amateur radio operators,(HAMS), and telephone system to allow members of the military overseas to talk to friends and families in CONUS.
Phase Inspection - Inspect and repair of an aircraft after it has flown a set number of hours.  More involved than a preflight or post flight.
Post Flight - Inspect and repair any deficiencies on an aircraft after a mission.
Preflight - Inspect and prepare an aircraft for a flight.
PX - Post Exchange, (Army)
RASP - Ryukuian Armed Services Police - A military police unit made up of Air Force, Navy, Marine Corp and Army law enforcement working with Okinawan law enforcement
RON - Remain Overnight.  A temporary stay on a facility other than an aircraft's home base.
RTAFB - Royal Thai Air Force Base.  A base belonging to the Thai Air Force that we were guests on.
RTNAB - Royal Thai Naval Air Base.  A base belonging to the Thai Navy.
SAC - Strategic Air Command
Sattahip - Section of the city of Utapao,(UT) Thailand where Utapao RTNAB was 	located.
Short time - Sex with a prostitute just one orgasm and you're through.  1967 $2.00
SNAFU - Military slang.  (Situation Normal All Fucked Up.)
TDY - Temporary Duty 


Okinawan & Japanese terms
akabu - red, such as red hair.  GI slang for a women's period
aka-chan - child, baby
Asahi - a Japanese beer
arigato - thank you
arigato goziemashita - feminine thank you
benjo - toilet
bento - box lunch
biru - beer
butterfly - person who goes from lover to lover
C/C & kori mizu - Canadian Club whiskey and ice water
cha or ocha - green tea
chan - added after a person's given name to denote affection. (Tomako-chan)
Cherry-boy - Slang for a GI new to the Island, or a young male virgin.
chinbun - knowledge
chotto matte kudasai - wait a minute, please
do-itashimashite - Your welcome.  It is my pleasure
domo arigato gozaimasu - formal thank you
domo - thanks
dozo - please
futon - Japanese bed or bed covers.
gohon - rice
gomen - sorry
gomen kudasi - excuse me
gomen nasai - excuse me, I'm sorry
hai - yes, agree
haiji - left
hay aku - hurry up
honto - true, for sure
iie - no
juban - worn under a kimono
Kanji - Japanese written characters
kawaii - cute, pretty
Kirin - Japanese beer
kohi - coffee
koko - stop here.  It's here
konbanwa - good evening
konnichi wa - good day
kori - ice;  kori mizu - ice water
kudasai - Please
maguro --tuna for sashimi
megii - right
mizu - water
nan desu ka - what is it
neh - you agree? 
nemaki - sleeping robe or kimono
nesan -  elder sister, girl, young woman
niisan - elder brother, boy, young man
Noumanoui - Area of Naha City set aside for "A" sign bars and restaurants
oba - aunt, older woman
obasan - grandmother
ohayo gozaimasu - good morning
ojisan - uncle
oki - large, big
okusan - wife
Orion - Okinawan beer
ryokan - Japanese style inn
San Miguel - Beer from the Philippines
Sapporo - Japanese beer
sashimi - raw fish 
soba - noodle soup
sobo - grandmother (Obasan)
sofu - Grandfather (Ojisan)
sofubo - grandparents
sukoshi - small, little
sukoshi chinbun - not smart, not much knowledge. (Slang)
sushi - rice & fish combination
takusan - a lot, large amount
tashika - (for) sure
tatami - woven straw mats about 3' x6'  (a 6, 8 or 12 tatami room.)
tomeru - stop, quit
tomodachi -  friend
wakarimasu ka - do you understand?
wakarauai - I don't understand
wakaru - I understand
watashi - me
yakamesa - fried rice
yakasoba - fried noodles 
yukata - informal, everyday wear kimono

