


Out of the Blue
Hindsight #1
by Kelly Martin

Smashwords Edition
Copyright  2014 KELLY MARTIN

This is a work of fiction. Names, places, characters, and events are fictitious in every regard. Any similarities to actual events and persons, living or dead, are purely coincidental. Any trademarks, service marks, product names, or named features are assumed to be the property of their respective owners, and are used only for reference. There is no implied endorsement if any of these terms are used. Except for review purposes, the reproduction of this book in whole or part, electronically or mechanically, constitutes a copyright violation.
OUT OF THE BLUE
Copyright  2014 KELLY MARTIN
ISBN: 978-0-9915872-1-6
ISBN 10: 0991587219
Cover Art by P.S. Cover Design
Edited by Laura Heritage




To Laura

Chapter One

Start at the beginning
The first time I met Jordan Rivers she was standing with her arms crossed, her jaw set and her brows furrowed. You'd think by her stance  and the way she glared at me  that she was mad. You'd be right.
It wasn't like I'd done anything to her. Not intentionally anyway. It just happened out of the blue. The right place at the right time, I suppose.
Unfortunately for both of us, I had the gall to try to staple the tiny corner of my ad on top of hers on the 'wanted' board across from the university book store. How dare I?
I turned around  back to the business at hand and could hear her huffing behind me  all annoyed, so I did what any guy would do  I moved a little slower and stapled my piece of paper right on top of hers. That earned an exasperated long huff. It made me laugh. Sure, it probably wasn't the nicest thing to do, but I couldn't help it. She sort of deserved it for being ticked off at me without reason.
My laughing didn't amuse her, though. Not that I thought it would and something about that amused me. Now you have to understand, I'm not the type of guy who goes around ticking off girls. Well, normally but I couldn't seem to help it with J. She was that sort of girl. Even from the beginning. Even before
"Can you not do that? Please." She gritted the last word though her teeth, like being nice pained her. Maybe it did. It wasn't like I'd done anything to give her a reason to be nice to me. I could feel her next to me. The top of her shoulder touched my elbow. A short little thing with a temper and a pretty face.
"Why? It's already so nice and stapled." I tried not to hide the smile, but I couldn't. Not very well anyway.
"I don't think it's funny." She crossed her arms. Her cheeks had reddened and her huge blue eyes  a little darker than mine  let me know that she wanted to rip mine out.
All over one stupid small piece of paper mind you.
One.
"I can see that." The snicker that slipped out wasn't my finest moment.
Without missing a beat, she punched my shoulder and grabbed for the little yellow ad on the board.
I'd seen a temper like hers before. You couldn't live with my sister any length of time and not see it, and my old body of eighteen years just couldn't move like it could when Ella and I were kids.
Thankfully, she stopped herself before she pulled the paper off
I have to wonder what would happen if she didn't stop. If she'd grabbed my ad, crumbled it up and threw it in the trash as she strutted off. Things would have been different, that's for sure. I never would have met Oliver Weston for one thing. I could have done without that. Archenemies and all
And I never would have had to
The beginning, right? I keep trying to jump ahead. We are at the beginning. Not the end. The end will come. It always does.
Fate  fate or God  is funny like that. So many what ifs in life. What if she had thrown the paper away? What if I had gotten there in time?
One word changed my life forever. Changed the course of hers too.
Wow. I sound like a big deep doofus, don't I? I don't mean too, it's just There are events that change our lives, and meeting her that morning was one of them for me. That's all.
ROOMATE
The one word was roommate.
"Wait." She pulled her hand from the board and placed one finger on her chin. Tap. Tap. Tap. It was better than the alternative. She could have poked me with it. From how ticked off she looked, I bet a poke from her finger would leave a bruise. "You're looking for a roommate?"
I nodded with a suddenly very sick feeling in my stomach.
She pointed to the ad underneath mine.
ROOMATE WANTED
"Oh," I said as I scanned the white flier  the "official" one with the 'Linley College' stamp on top.
ROOMATE WANTED. QUIET HOURS A MUST. NO PETS. NO SMOKING. NO DRUGS. IF INTERESTED PLEASE CALL
But I didn't have to call. She was right there, staring at the board like if she did long enough the letters would change. "I have a place to rent but only need a roommate and you need a place to live."
"Sadly."
"Any prospects?"
"Not in the five minutes since I hung my flier." She did that a lot. Spoke with an edge. Took a while to get used to it.
"You were stalking your flier?"
She rolled her baby blues. "I was curious to see if anybody read it. Lucky me. I got you."
"Not really. I didn't read it."
Yeah if looks could kill
"Face it, Big Eyes. You need an ad that stands out if you want people to actually notice it. One that doesn't conform to rules and regulations."
"Like your code-violating yellow one?"
I smiled as brilliantly as I could. Every tooth in my head must have shown "Got your attention, didn't it?" To my complete and total surprise, she actually smiled back at me. Not a fake smile either. Not a grimace or sneer. An actual, happy, smile.
"You should do that more," I said before I could stop myself. It was true through. She was pretty when she smiled. Full of life. Beautiful.
"Because you've known me all of a minute." She smirked and shook her head, causing her long black hair to spill over her shoulders. I wouldn't be a man if I said I didn't look  and I'd be lying if my first thought wasn't to run my hands through it, and other thoughts you don't need to know about. Use your imagination.
Never mind.
"What can I say? It's been an incredible minute." Was my awesomely cheesy comeback.
She narrowed her eyes at me  her expected response. Okay, so I wasn't what you'd call a lady's man. Never been particularly good at talking to them.
The thing about girls is you never know their mood. And you never know when they'll cry or when they'll haul off and kick you. I learned that from Ella back in Oklahoma too.
"Yeah. Sorry. Anyway, it seems we both are looking for a roommate."
"Looks that way," she said back.
I thought about it, but
"Do you want to see the apartment first?" she asked surprising the heck out of me.
I sputtered out some sort of surprised, indecipherable sound.
"Roommate, idiot." She scoffed, all the while smiling bigger. I liked it. "I need one. You need an apartment. We could help each other out."
I'm not sure coherent words were in my mind at that time. Never in a million years did I ever think of rooming with a girl. When I moved from Oklahoma to Linley, Tennessee, I thought I had a dorm room with, of course, a dude. When that fell through due to a clerical error in the LC housing office, I naturally assumed I'd get an apartment  with a dude. My parents  good church-going folks that they are  would come up here and drag me back to Oklahoma so fast I'd leave a trail of blond hair behind me, if they thought I was living with a girl.
"I have a boyfriend," she said like I should have known. Like it would make a difference. "His name is Oliver Weston. He's a senior here at LC, and he's hot and rich, so no. This isn't a play for you and me to hook up."
Then again
"If he's so hot and rich, why don't you stay with him?" An honest question.
She hesitated a second before she answered. "He wants to stay at his fraternity house and I want to make it on my own without his help."
"Trouble in paradise?" Not that it was any of my business. A fact she reminded me of soon enough.
"Hardly." One word answer. Perfect. She was hiding something, and the inquisitive part of me wanted to know what it was. But I didn't press it. I'd already pried too much already. Her business was her business.
"And he won't mind you living with another guy?"
She shrugged. "It's not his decision. It's mine. Besides we won't be 'living together'." One side of her mouth quirked up. Obviously, I wasn't in on a joke.
"But I thought you wanted to share an apartment?" I guess my feelings were sort of hurt. She changed her mind more than anyone I'd ever known.
"Come and see the place with me. You'll understand."
She made valid points, and I was definitely curious. "Okay, but don't try to take advantage of me. I'm fragile."
J snickered. "I'll do my best."
"Good." I pulled her ad down and handed it to her. "And I don't normally go to a girl's house when I don't know her name. Unless you count"
"Jordan. My name is Jordan." She took the ad in one hand and held out the other to shake. I immediately took it.
"First or last?"
She tilted her head quizzically.
"I had this teacher once, Mr. James Jordan. His last name was"
"Jordan." She'd already started finishing my sentences for me. "I got it."
No getting by her. "So Jordan. First or last?"
"First. My last name is Rivers."
I nearly choked. "Jordan Rivers? Seriously? As in the Bible?"
Still shaking my hand, she squeezed my fingers just a little bit tighter. Enough to actually hurt. "As in my sheriff brother will arrest you if you make fun of his last name."
"What's his name? Nile?"
She nearly broke my hand. "His name is Joshua. Thanks for asking."
"My bad." I grimaced. The woman had spunk. I liked that about her. Only  I didn't know it then  but she didn't have the same spunk, the same attitude, around Oliver.
It was when she saw the pain on my face that she eased up on her grip. My fingers appreciated it. "My father thought it would be hilarious to name me Jordan. He was a nerd for puns. A love he apparently got after the birth of my luckier, normally named brother. But you can call me J."
"Like the letter?"
"You ask a lot of questions," she said.
"You say a lot of vague things," I fired back.
She sighed. "Yes. Just like the letter."
We could have probably stopped shaking hands by now. In fact, we actually had stopped shaking. We were just sort of standing there. Holding hands. In the hall. People were walking by, but I never noticed them. J had a way of keeping your attention.
"And you are?"
"Oh." I realized I hadn't told her my name yet. I'm pretty sure my cheeks turned a little red. I was just standing there holding her hand like an idiot. It was sort of embarrassing. "Walker Scott. I'm new here."
"Really?" J pulled her hair back over her shoulders and smirked. "I couldn't tell."

Chapter Two

I wasn't exactly sure what to think of this girl or even where we were going. I hadn't been in Linley long. Long enough to know it was a long way east from Nashville, sure. But I didn't know much else. I figured I'd at least go check out this 'apartment that wasn't really an apartment'. Way to kill time, and honestly, curiosity got the better of me.
Once we got out of the University Center, she got into her car: an old red Mustang. A '95 by the looks of the taillights.
And I got into my car  an older Thunderbird. Ancient as sin, but it had gotten me from Nowhere, Oklahoma to Nowhere, Tennessee in one piece. Plus, it had an amazing sound system that made my teeth rattle in a good way. I think I spent more money on the system than the car.
Think nothing. I know I did.
Anyway
We drove west from Linley College, back toward Nashville, but I was fairly sure we weren't going there. After a few turns, we drove into the heart of Linley  city, or town, or village. It was small enough to be considered a village, if people even used the term 'village' any more. Linley, Tennessee is something. Definitely small. Not like Nashville. Not even like Cookeville.
It was one of those towns time forgot, know what I mean? Main Street, town square, decorated lamp posts celebrating Fall.
Small.
I was used to small, being from Ash, Oklahoma, but  I don't know  I figured a 'college town' would be bigger  then again, it wasn't a very big college.
J parked next to a large row of old timey, western-era businesses, which lined Main Street, and got out. I did the same, only slower and like a gawking tourist. The three-story brick building in front me looked like it had seen a few better days. It was on the corner space of the business row. Adjacent to it was a furniture store and about six lawyers' offices. So, Linley was a lot like Ash: more lawyers than people.
Across one road from the building stood the courthouse, nothing very modern. The small patch of grass around it was filled with trees for the birds and benches for the old men whittling. And whittle they did. About ten of them. Just whittling. Seemed like a pretty peaceful way to get through the day. My first thought wasn't about the whittlers; it was about the lawn itself. I wondered how many people had actually been hanged on the courthouse lawn.
Morbid? Yes. Then again, I am an English major. A writer. I like crime novels. Historical crime mostly. The grittier the better. Morbid is sort of my thing. J liked that about me.
Across the street was another row of buildings and a little white church detached at the end, a relic of times past. The church is  was  important. It's not there now, but
The beginning. I keep forgetting.
Directly across from the building J Rivers waited for me to enter was the police station. I gathered that from the two cruisers parked in front of it and the very annoyed-looking guy wearing a trim beard and a sheriff's badge leaning on the wall outside of it.
J's brother, Sheriff Joshua, I presumed. He didn't look anything like I expected. No Andy Griffith in this small town. Sheriff Joshua Rivers couldn't have been over forty  young for a sheriff  with slightly wavy brown hair. Sheriff Darby, from my neck of the woods, was much older and grayer than this guy. Then again, by the looks of him, I wouldn't want to mess with Sheriff Rivers. He didn't appear to be the friendliest guy in the neighborhood, especially with the icy look he gave me.
He had on a brown leather vest on top of a navy shirt and a dark leather jacket thrown on over it. Not what I expected in a sheriff. I learned later that jeans, vest, dark shirt, and a leather jacket was his 'normal' uniform. I even made fun of him about it when I got to know him better. Well, I did once. He didn't seem amused. Josh wasn't amused very often by me anyway.
I could see where J got her intimidating and sparkling personality.
Speaking of J"You comin'?" she snapped while knocking on the door which had seen better days.
I nodded tentatively and walked toward her, very confused. If this was her apartment, why was she knocking? And why was her brother giving me the evil eye? And why was this supposed apartment on the corner of a business block? And lots of other questions I can't remember now.
The point is I was flabbergasted.
"Your brother?" I asked as I tilted my head toward the guy across the road. I didn't need her to answer me. I knew for sure it was her brother, but I was trying to make small talk. We hadn't gotten used to each other yet. It wouldn't take long for that to change.
J looked across the street and smiled. For the first time, I saw her icy exterior melt away. "Yeah. That's him." She waved and he waved back. Waved is probably a nice word for what he did. More like he threw his hand up and then threw it back down. Such a grouch.
"He seems pleasant."
She laughed  another melting of the ice  and knocked again. "You have to get to know him. He's not happy about me getting an apartment and then I show up with you he's just overly protective."
"No, that's good. I'm protective of my little sister Ella, too. If I ever saw her going into a guy's apartment I didn't know, well, it wouldn't be good. Then when I got finished with him, my dad would bruise any part of him I didn't." I had to smirk. My sister wasn't that much younger than me, eighteen months actually, but I always treated her like a princess I had to protect. She wasn't always grateful. "Will I need to guard myself against your father too?"
I laughed, but she didn't. "My father's not around."
And, from her tone and by the way her shoulders slumped, I knew that was the wrong thing to say. Daddy issues. Fun. Figured out I didn't need to bring it up again. I found out later why.
"Where is she?" J mumbled and knocked harder. "Mrs. Bainbridge! Are you home?"
I was all ready to ask her who in the world Mrs. Bainbridge was, when I heard the lock move. A few seconds later, so did the door. "I'm so sorry, Jordan. I was in the living room watching my story on the telly."
Mrs. Bainbridge was British, which was awesome, but strange in Tennessee where everyone else had an uh different accent. I don't consider myself as one with an accent. J had one. It was cute. Like a female Matthew McConaughey.
It didn't take Mrs. Bainbridge's eyes long to find my midsection. She worked her way up my chest toward my face. Now I know how girls feel.
Her eyes were sort of grayish, almost the color of her hair which she had piled on her head like a bun. She wore a lavender dress with a white apron tied around the waist. I remember because it's the kind my grandmother used to wear: the ones with the high waist and hem a little below the knee. From her apron, it appeared her 'story' had interrupted her kitchen time. "Who's this handsome man, Jordan? He sure isn't Oliver."
Hearing her again, I noticed she didn't have a strong British accent as I assumed before. Later she told me, she'd lived in London as a child. Her family relocated to Tennessee in her twelfth year. In her many years there, she'd lost a bit of her original accent, but gained a touch of Southern as well.
I'm pretty sure I blushed, because I always did when older women called me handsome. Their expression changed and their voices lowered, like they wanted to take me and show me the 'ways of the world' if you get my meaning. Mrs. Bainbridge had that tone.
To my complete and utter surprise, J's cheeks reddened too. From the brief impression I had of her, I didn't think she'd ever blush, and especially not over me. "No, Ma'am. This isn't Oliver."
"Is Oliver still in the picture? He's a nice boy."
I was sort of hurt by that. I mean, I shouldn't be since I'm obviously a much better person than Oliver Weston, but at the time, I didn't know that. I didn't know him. I'd only heard his name once, and from that I learned he was rich and handsome  and Mrs. Bainbridge loved him.
I wanted her to love me too, and the realization shocked the heck out of me. I'd only met her, for goodness sake. But I wanted her to say 'I sure do like that boy' about me.
Maybe later she did.
"Mrs. Bainbridge, this is Walker Scott. He's from"
"Oklahoma," I said for her in case she forgot, or I forgot to tell her. I couldn't remember. "Pleased to meet you." I held out my hand and she shook it politely, all the while sizing me up. I hope I passed. I think I did.
"Likewise, Mr. Scott. My you remind me a lot of my husband. He's gone now, but you could pass for him. He had blond hair too. Such pretty blue eyes"
I felt like a horse getting ready to be bought.
"Welcome to Linley," she said after she'd thoroughly inspected me.
I thanked her, and J started explaining why we were there. I was glad. I was wondering the same thing. "Walker is here to look at the apartment."
That surprised her. "Really? Oliver and the sheriff are okay with that?"
J's eyes narrowed. "I don't need their permission, Mrs. Bainbridge. I'm a grown woman."
Score one for her.
"Yes, you're right, Jordan. Eighteen is practically ancient now days." She winked at J and motioned for us to follow her in. "Let me show you around." Mrs. Bainbridge walked ahead of us and I stopped just a few inches from J.
"One more family question. Does your brother always look so constipated?" I whispered in her ear. Her hair lightly tickled my nose. Might not have been my best and brightest line, but it was the truth. He did, in fact, look like a constipated pickle.
She looked over her shoulder and grinned. "Yeah, constipated pickle pretty much sums him up. He tries, bless his heart, but he's sheriff and he's very, very over protective. He can't understand that I'm eighteen now and don't need him to be my legal guardian anymore."
One, bless his heart such a southern expression. From what I could gather, it meant you could say anything you wanted about a person if you said that first. Made it okay or something.
Two, that 'legal guardian' thing got my attention, but I decided to let it slide. Mrs. Bainbridge was already almost through the foyer and to the stairs.
Trying to impress her with my gentlemanliness, I motioned for J to go ahead of me through the threshold. There might have even been a bow on my part. I saw it once on a television show. The girl on the show looked impressed.
J well, J was a different sort of bird. She stared at my bow and batted her eyes a few times like she was trying to figure me out. I have to admit that my cheeks warmed waiting for her to say something, anything. Even one movement of her lips, a twinge, would have been better than waiting for her to respond. Finally, when I didn't think she would do anything, the side of her lip quirked up in a cute little half-smile and she shook her head like, "This guy's a nut." I could handle that. As long as she thought I was a cute nut, we'd be okay.
Thinking back on it, I don't exactly know why I wanted J to think I was cute. Male pride, maybe? Or maybe even then... I don't know. Look, all I know is when she smiled at me, I smiled back. I liked it and I'd only known her all of ten minutes. It didn't take long to like J once she actually started talking and stopped being so standoffish. I could even see why Oliver liked her; though, I didn't know anything about the man. I had no idea he was a psychotic murderer. I had no idea he would
Sorry, back to the story.
Mrs. Bainbridge had already made it to the stairs about fifteen feet from the door when I entered behind J. The foyer to the apartment was gorgeous. Victorian style. It reminded me of a sitting room on the Titanic for some reason. Yes, I think of the sitting room from the Titanic from time to time. Don't you? 
Oh.
Anyway, it had dark wood, antique fixtures, and ornate moldings. I guess the biggest thing I noticed was how grand and stately it was, which was weird in an old apartment next to a furniture store in the Old South.
"Original wood," Mrs. Bainbridge said as if reading my mind. "It's been updated, heating and cooling wise anyway, but the molding, hardwood floors, and eaves are all original. This house was built as a hotel in the early eighteen hundreds."
"Ah," I thought. That's why it looked like a grand hotel, because it was at one time. Maybe not grand by today's standards, but grand for the time period. I could see some weary traveler lugging his or her bags in the front door, stopping at the desk on the left side and asking for a room for the night. I bet only the fanciest stayed here. The poorer among the population probably stayed somewhere else somewhere with less charm, for lack of a better word.
Mrs. Bainbridge stood at the bottom step, clasped her hands in front of her lavender dress, and cleared her throat for us to pay attention. J and I stood with our shoulders nearly touching, facing the small but sort of intimidating older woman. "Now I know and trust Jordan, but young man, I don't know you from Adam, so please listen and listen well."
So I did.
"I'm a well-meaning, well-respected southern Christian lady. I rent out two floors of my home because I'm lonely since my husband went. But make no mistake, I will kick you out quicker than a punter on Sunday if I catch any unsavory activities going on under my roof." Mrs. Bainbridge looked directly at me.
I had a feeling she would actually describe what 'unsavory' meant to her. I wasn't disappointed.
"No wild parties. No drugs. Not even any beer, and young man, if you want to bring a lady friend here, that's fine, but I don't want to hear any hanky-panky, if you catch my drift. What you do in your room with a lady friend is your business and your right, but it's also my right to not have to listen to it and the walls are thin."
And I wanted to crawl under a rock. I didn't have to the heart to tell Mrs. Bainbridge that I didn't see any issues with that since I hadn't had a girlfriend since senior year in high school when we 'promised to try the long distance thing' yeah. Because that worked.
Anyway, from the corner of my eye I saw J snort. The girl actually snorted. I tried not to laugh because I didn't want Mrs. Bainbridge to think I was laughing at her, but holy cow. I thought people only snorted in books.
"As for you, missy," Mrs. Bainbridge turned her attention to J. That shut her up rather quickly. "I don't care if Oliver comes over, but know that your brother has already been over here and talked about setting up home security cameras."
I asked what was wrong with that.
Mrs. Bainbridge smirked. "He wanted to set them up inside the house."
"Ah," I said and rocked back on my feet. So far, Tennessee was turning out a lot like Oklahoma. Lots of rules and little old ladies who didn't care to read you the riot act.
Mrs. Bainbridge's face lit up like a Christmas tree, like she was a different person or something. She clapped her hands together and smiled brightly, showing crooked, aged-yellow teeth. "Shall we see the rest of the house?"
J and I both nodded and Mrs. Bainbridge turned toward the stairs. "The bottom floor is all mine except for the foyer leading to the stairs. They are the only way upstairs, so we have to keep them clear. But, please, unless I ask you, don't enter my part of the house without my permission, and I won't enter yours. Deal?"
"Deal," both J and I answered. It seemed like J had heard part of this speech before, which would make sense since it was her looking for a roommate in a house she already had.
Anyway
I cringed at the thought of having to go up all those stairs. Thanks partially to an old football incident that broke my knee and gave me a concussion, stairs weren't my friends. Sure, I could tolerate them occasionally, but not often. And the thought of having to climb them every day didn't sound fun.
"You two can fight over which floor you want. The upstairs have been renovated into two fully furnished apartments. Rather large apartments in fact. You won't even have to see each other except when the person upstairs has to come downstairs to leave unless you want to see each other that is." She winked and stepped up on the second-story landing. For a lady who had made sure I didn't bring a woman home with me, she sure seemed okay with J and me visiting.
The mystery of Mrs. Bainbridge.
So that's why J said we wouldn't be living together, because we wouldn't. Not exactly. "What's the rent?" I asked, taking the place all in. Unlike the downstairs which had lots of old world charm, the second floor had newer fixtures and a different feel. Not to say it didn't have hardwood floors and the same moldings around the doors, but it was a cozier atmosphere. Not as formal.
"We'll get to that at the end." Mrs. Bainbridge kept right on walking. "Now, I've already shown J the apartment and she loved it. She needed a roommate which I assume you fit the bill."
"If the rent is right," I said, not even joking. I worked at the dry cleaners. It wasn't like I was made out of money. Plus, I had to pay tuition for college. That wasn't cheap or easy. Scholarship or not. This place was huge and massive and awesome and way too expensive-looking for my wallet I was afraid.
Mrs. Bainbridge turned around and smiled. "I said we'll talk later about the rent."
We walked through the second level. It had the same dark hardwood floors as Mrs. Bainbridge's level. The walls were medium blue color. It had a living room, a small bathroom, a kitchen with a fridge, and a bedroom. Plus one big window that let you see Main Street and, more specifically, the police station. Sheriff Rivers would like that.
"I thought I'd take this level," J said, pointing to a few boxes already sitting around. "That way I wouldn't bother a roommate when I came in from work. I work nights as a dispatch." She motioned toward the window and the police station. "Sheriff likes me."
"I see." I couldn't say much else until I knew what the rent was and Mrs. Bainbridge wasn't too forth coming.
"Okay. Let's see the third level." Mrs. Bainbridge led the way up the stairs. Again, same feel. Same wood. Same creak when you stepped down just right. One stair especially had a rather loud squeak. I could see how that would be annoying.
By the time we made it to the next level, my knee hated me.
Unlike the second floor, the door to the third floor apartment was closed. Mrs. Bainbridge pulled out a set of keys from her apron pocket and fiddled around until she found the right one. "Now, isn't an attic if that's what you're thinking. It's an honest to goodness apartment. Renovated and everything. Even has some really cool beams as the show House Hunters says."
She opened the door and my jaw dropped. It was, literally, the coolest apartment I'd ever seen. Mrs. Bainbridge didn't lie. Anyone could tell that it had been an attic at one time. Or at least part of one. The room had an angular roof which was fine. It gave it character. In front of me was one big great room: living room, dining room table, kitchen at the far end of the room. Nothing too fancy, but really cool. The living room had a leather sofa and matching chair, fireplace, and big flatscreen TV on the wall. The kitchen was a rustic brown color with stainless steel appliances.
"Does this all stay?" I couldn't believe it if it did.
Mrs. Bainbridge nodded. "I sure ain't gonna lug it downstairs. You?"
I shook my head because I wasn't an idiot. The bathroom was the first door on the right. Nice size. Nothing terribly fancy. It was blue and had a tub. The bedroom was next to the kitchen, big enough for a king-sized bed and a pretty decent sized walk-in closet. If I had a wife, she'd have lots of room to hang her clothes. We sure wouldn't fight over them.
"Okay. I'm going to stop this tour right now," I said because there was just no way to keep going. It was wasting all of our time. "Thank you so much for showing me the apartment, and J, for thinking of bringing me, but I can't take it."
Mrs. Bainbridge looked hurt. "You don't like it?"
"Oh no. That's not it at all," I said quickly. "I love it. It's just there's no way I can afford something like 'this'."
Mrs. Bainbridge sighed loudly. "Son, you have the patience God gave a goose, do you know that?"
Truthfully, I had no idea how much patience God had actually given a goose, but I daresay it wasn't much because they were geese and well
"Two-fifty," Mrs. Bainbridge said when I didn't say anything to her goose comment.
I knew it! There was no way. "A week? See, I'm sorry. That's way too much for me."
"No. Two-fifty a month," Mrs. Bainbridge corrected as she blew a stray gray hair out of her eye.
I know my jaw dropped and there was no way I could speak for a few seconds. From the expression on J's face, I could tell she was enjoying my little mini break from reality.
"Can you afford two-fifty a month?" J asked.
"Well, yeah, I can afford it, but why is it so cheap? Is it haunted or something?"
Mrs. Bainbridge walked very close to me. Her face as stern and hard as ever. "Yes. My late husband died up here five years ago. Right over there. In the bedroom. Sad. I thought he had more... stamina. We haven't been able to keep a tenant since. Strange."
I swallowed hard because, frankly, I'm not a fan of ghosts, or zombies, or anything dead really  and don't really want to share an apartment with them. And just... eww. I did not need to know that much about Mrs. Bainbridge. Not at all. I was all ready to tell her thanks but no thanks when Mrs. Bainbridge erupted into laughter. She slapped me on the back so hard I thought it knocked my lung loose.
"I'm lyin'. My husband's not dead and he sure ain't my husband anymore. We've been divorced five years." I could tell by the way her jaw set and her body grew rigid that this wasn't a conversation she particularly wanted to have right this second.
"So you lied downstairs when you said you were renting it out because he's been dead five years and you were lonely." I eyeballed her. That woman was a good liar.
"He's dead to me, if not in the eyes of the law or, you know, nature," Mrs. Bainbridge said with a wink.
"So why is it so cheap?" If ghosts were out, after all.
She shrugged. "I like the company. It's five hundred total for both floors. I normally rent it out to families. I love the sound of little feet. But Jordan asked if she could bring in a roommate and I had no problem with it. So five hundred divided by two is"
"Two fifty," I said, not believing my luck. I expected to pay at least four hundred for an apartment not nearly as good as this one. Okay, it lacked privacy, though up on the top floor I could do whatever I wanted. Except J and Mrs. Bainbridge would know every time I left.
Still two hundred and fifty dollars for a fully furnished apartment? Definitely not bad at all.
"What do you think?" I asked J, not really sure why I needed her approval. If I wanted the apartment, I'd take it. I didn't have to have her okay and she didn't have to have mine.
"I've already moved some of my stuff in, remember? So it's up to you. Wanna be my roomie? And it isn't like we even have to be in the same room. Or in the same apartment even. You can have your life and I can have mine."
I liked that idea. At the time, I had no idea how much of a lie that statement was. We couldn't have two separate lives. Not after all we'd been through. But at the time, at the beginning, it seemed okay. She'd go her way with the sheriff and Oliver Weston, and I'd go mine with well, no one at the moment.
"We have a deal." I extended my hand to Mrs. Bainbridge, who took it and shook it hard enough to actually make my hand hurt. That woman had a grip.
"Great. I'll go get the paperwork." She scuttled down the stairs leaving me and J alone in my new apartment.
"Guess this means we are sort of roommates," she said with her hands in the back pockets of her well-fitting jeans.
"Guess it does. You were right, though. It's not like we'll even see each other that much," I said, thanking my lucky stars that I'd won the lottery to get this apartment, furnished, for as cheap as I did And I got J as a sort of roommate. Definitely my lucky day.
"Well" she walked toward me and extended her hand. I took it and smiled like a doofus. I was her roomie now. Very cool indeed. "Welcome home."
She had no idea at the time, neither of us did actually, of how true that statement was. I was home. Really and truly home. With J. Too bad I didn't realize it until it was too late.

Chapter Three

I moved in a few hours later. It wasn't like I had a lot to pack. I hadn't brought much with me from Oklahoma. My trunk wasn't huge and, frankly, though I loved my family and my life in Oklahoma, I wanted to move on. Start over. Try something new. I didn't want to be burdened or loaded down by my old life. I wanted to start fresh.
And I'd been living in a small hotel room since the dorm debacle had left me homeless. It wasn't the worst hotel ever, but it was still a hotel and as such, still had the smells and uh sounds of a typical hotel. It wasn't like I was crying to stay.
So, after I shook hands with Mrs. Bainbridge (the woman didn't even require me to sign a lease right off), I went straight to my crappy hotel and packed my few suitcases: clothes, a few books, the Bible my preacher father insisted I take with me to college, even though I hadn't wanted to, a few grooming supplies, and my high school state championship ring. We won state my senior year. I had been the quarterback, and it had been awesome. Girls tended to like that in Oklahoma. So far, from what I saw in Tennessee, they didn't seem to care about Oklahoma state championships.
Right now, you might be wondering if I was at Linley College on a football scholarship and the answer would be no. In addition to the broken leg I'd gotten playing, I tore my ACL doing something stupid a few weeks after that championship game and pretty much wrecked my chances of ever getting to play football again.
It stung, but it was okay. It wasn't like my life revolved around football. I liked it, but it wasn't everything. I had surgery a few weeks later and my knee did still hurt from time to time. I caught myself walking with a limp occasionally if I'd really pushed myself. Those steps at my new house would probably cause it to hurt every night. Oh well. At least it was cheap and the company wasn't half bad. A little stupid limp every once in a while wasn't going to stop me from all that.
By the time I took all three loads of my stuff up the stairs (the fourth time I'd been up there all day), I started having second thoughts. Those steps were a killer and, okay, sure I was only nineteen years old, but ouch. I wouldn't dwell on it though. Limping wasn't the worst thing in the world and I wasn't a whiner.
I sucked up the pain, downed a pain reliever or two, and settled back on my new leather couch in my new apartment. I had to admit, it rocked. Much better than the dorm room I was supposed to have. My father would have said God was smiling on me. I would have smiled politely, but called him crazy in my head. I have a new view on things now.
A few hours later, the sun started to set and I still hadn't moved a muscle. I was too busy enjoying the thought that 'this' was my home. It was almost too good to be true.
My stomach started growling as the smell of what I assumed was vegetable soup floated up the stairs. Was it Mrs. Bainbridge or J? I didn't know, but I knew I wanted some. I couldn't exactly go 'ask' for it because, quite frankly, that would have been rude. Still it smelled so good and I hadn't thought about bringing any groceries with me. Stupid, I know, but I was so excited about having a place to stay that I didn't exactly think things through.
A few minutes later, my cell phone vibrated on the table in front of me. It was Mrs. Bainbridge. I should probably mention that we exchanged numbers so none of us would actually have to go up or down the steps to the other's apartment to ask a simple question. Technology. Don'cha love it?
The text from Mrs. Bainbridge let me know that there was food on the first floor and I was expected to come eat it. I mean, one, I liked being my own man. But two, okay, it was sort of nice to be cooked for again. Sort of like being home with Mama. Wondered if she fixed her cornbread like Mama? With sweet corn in the mix? I hoped she did. I missed being home sometimes, especially where it concerned Mama's cooking.
I let her know I'd be down soon and went to the bathroom to make sure my hair was halfway decent. I told myself I wouldn't do that all the time. But this time was special. This time, I had to make a good impression. I didn't want to be the stereotypical male slob. I wanted to be better to my gender than that.
Plus
J would be there.
And I bet she wouldn't be a slob. Her long, thick, black hair would probably be pulled back, just right. She might even have on a little make up.
Thinking that, I sprayed a little cologne on because I didn't want to be outdone by her. Sure didn't want to be a slob to her cuteness. That wouldn't do.
First or uh second impression and all.
I took one last glimpse of myself in the mirror and messed with my hair some more, so it looked nice, but not messed with  which was exactly what I was doing, but I didn't want it to look like I cared. It took a lot of work to make it look like that.
I heard Mrs. Bainbridge's faint yell from two floors below asking if I was comin' or not in that proper British/Southern way she had about herself. I threw on my shoes, shook my head to psych myself up, and shut the door behind me. On the second floor, I took time to peek into J's apartment. Her door was wide open. Curiosity more than anything. I just wanted to see if she was still there. I didn't linger because I'm not a peeping Tom, but I did see boxes strewn around the room. She was in the middle of unpacking too. I had to wonder where she lived previously. Obviously with the town sheriff as a brother, she was local so it would make sense that she had more than me, but still she had a lot. Lots of books by what I could tell.
I found myself staring into her little living room, a small peek into her life that I didn't really know, for longer than I had planned. Mrs. Bainbridge yelled a second time and I jumped to attention, already down two stairs before I had time to even think about what I was doing. Mrs. Bainbridge would have made a great drill sergeant.
I got to the bottom of the stairs and was met with the potent smell of the most wonderful homemade soup. Dare I say even better than my mother's?  but don't tell her that if you see her. She gets uptight about it. She doesn't want anyone's 'anything' better than hers, but from the smell alone, I could tell Mrs. Bainbridge's cooking had her beat.
Like a stick with a carrot on a string, I followed the smell past the stairway, down the narrow hall, and into an opulent open door. Inside I saw Mrs. Bainbridge sitting at the head of the table and J passing out bowls. They looked to be expensive bowls like China. I sure didn't want to drop any. I knew how Mom was when I dropped a piece of her wedding set. It wasn't my bottom's finest moment.
"About time." Mrs. Bainbridge greeted me with an old lady smirk. I don't know if 'greeted' is the right word. More like scolded, but in a way where I didn't feel scolded. I can't explain it the right way. I've never been good with words which is ironic since I want to be a writer, but think about any older lady that you've disappointed. You know that tone? Yeah. That was her.
Mrs. Bainbridge wasn't a lady I ever wanted to disappoint. "I'm sorry. I just had to get ready."
"Ready? It's not a date. It's supper." Mrs. Bainbridge smiled. "Unless you want it to be a date." She winked at J who shook her head, never taking her eyes off of her task of laying out spoons.
"You know this is business, Mrs. Bainbridge. No one is dating here." J didn't even look at me when she said it. Like I wasn't even there. Defeated, and sort of sorry that I even took the time to make myself look halfway decent, I sat down at the large table across from J. The table could seat ten comfortably, but we were all seated at the far end with Mrs. Bainbridge in the head position.
J might have said it wasn't a date, but I thought I knew better by how she was dressed. A flowy, nice sage green shirt  sage is a color, right? Sage green shirt. Bohemian maybe? With billowy sleeves, untied strings around the neck and a white tankish undershirt underneath. Her long black hair was down and pulled back into a half ponytail, or whatever those things are called, with a few little, long ringlets around her face. And I could see some make up on her.
Strangely, that made me feel better about all of this. She'd dressed up for me too well, dinner with me and Mrs. Bainbridge, but ME! Mainly me. Just like I'd dressed up. So, she really did care what I looked like or rather how she looked to me.
And I told her so. I couldn't help myself. "You look very nice tonight," I said with, I'm sure, a goofy grin on my face. I couldn't see it of course, but I could feel it.
J tilted her head at me with a bewildered expression on her face. That couldn't be good. "Thanks. Oliver's coming over."
And there it was. The first time my heart sank over Oliver Weston, and definitely not the last. I know I'm getting ahead of myself, but if I could I would
Let me take a second to chill out. I'm sorry, but Oliver is a sore spot with me. I didn't know it then, not at supper with J and Mrs. Bainbridge. I didn't know how much I'd grow to hate that man if you can call him that.
At the time I was just a lonely guy who had been kicked when he was down. Oliver would do that to me a lot in the coming months. And I would never want to kill another human being as much as I'd want to kill Oliver.
But like I said, I didn't know that then. All I knew was I felt a little stupid for thinking J had dressed nicely for me. What an idiot!
"What about me, Walker? Don't I look spectacular?" Mrs. Bainbridge smiled and overdramatically flipped her perfectly curled white hair off her shoulder.
For a second, I didn't really know how to answer. I knew enough to know better than to say the wrong thing to a woman, especially an older woman especially a woman I just met especially a woman who was both my landlady and possible meal preparer.
She stared at me.
I stared at her.
Finally, I said, "You don't look a day over forty in that lovely purple dress."
She smiled brightly. "That's very nice of you to say. Especially since I'm a tender age of thirty-nine."
I knew that was a lie so I laughed. And she scowled. So I stopped.
And a second passed.
And a lump formed in my throat.
And finally Mrs. Bainbridge let out a laugh like I'd never heard before. It was accompanied by a slap on the table and her head thrown back. "Relax, son. I'm just messing with you."
J snorted, very unlady-like, very cute.
And I did what Mrs. Bainbridge said. I relaxed.

Chapter Four

We sat together and ate what I will still to this day consider the best vegetable soup ever created on God's green Earth. If you'd tasted it, you'd feel the same way. It was awesome. I'd love another bowl right now. I'd love a lot of things right now, actually.
Through bites, we chatted. Small talk really. Where we were from? Why we were at Linley for college? All about my life in Oklahoma. Well, everything I wanted them to know. Might as well not let the mystery out all at once. I needed to maintain some mystery. The mysterious stranger in Linley.
"That was so good. Better than my mother's, but don't tell her." I said, happily stretched out in my seat. It was nice to have a full stomach on something besides junk food and soda. I checked my watch just from habit. 5:59.
"Do you have to work tonight, dear? Before you see Oliver, that is." Mrs. Bainbridge wiped her mouth and placed her napkin delicately on the table next to her empty soup bowl. Apparently, she liked the soup as much as I did.
J shook her head and wiped her mouth with her napkin. "Not tonight. I have to work tomorrow night. Seven to Six instead of Twelve like I usually do. Then the day after that too. School will be fun with no sleep, but I have to do it. Emily's husband's having surgery and I have to pull a lot of hours this week."
I asked where she worked because I couldn't remember and she said, "All the way across the street, remember? I'm late night dispatch."
I could have smacked myself after she said it because I did, in fact, remember. 
"It helps being a criminology major. At least that's what my brother says. I think he just wants cheap labor he can push around." J smiled. I liked it when she smiled.
"I got tonight off for good behavior. Plus, my brother thought I would need time to settle in here. Unpack and stuff."
About that time, as if right on cue, the doorbell chimed. It was a deep chime, one that sort of startled me at first. J looked at her phone. Her eyes got really wide and she jumped to her feet. "Not taking the time to 'unpack', are we?" Mrs. Bainbridge giggled from over her tea cup.
J's cheeks tinged pink and the doorbell rang again. This time twice. "I think he's getting impatient," she said before running out of the dining room and toward the front door.
I didn't exactly know what to do. One thing I did know was I shouldn't be jealous of Oliver Weston. So, he was going out with J. Big deal. I lived with her
Mrs. Bainbridge leaned real close to me and motioned for me to do the same. So I did. "This is just between me and you." She whispered so low I had to strain to hear it. "Oliver is a nice enough young man. I've seen him in town and, of course, in the papers whenever he reached some monumental achievement in college sports. But I do know his father, Frank Weston, and I know his father's reputation. Please do something for me. Keep an eye out for Jordan. She's young and Oliver is impressive with his good looks and his fancy car, but underneath I just don't know. I like him, but I have a bad feeling about him, if that makes any sense."
Turns out, we all should have had a bad feeling about the Weston family. Every last one of them. As it was, I returned to a seated position and let her words saturate my mind.
"Promise me," she said again, this time with more force. "Promise you'll look after her."
"I promise," I said, not knowing the full extent of what I was promising, how it would turn out, or how that one promise would change my life.
It would be nice to go back to that time. Back to 'before time' as I like to think of it. When everything was new and we were just getting to know each other. It was exciting. Nerve-racking. But never really uncomfortable. If I could go back to that dining room table, with the three of us: me, Mrs. Bainbridge, and J  before the clock struck six. Before the events started that would change my world forever. I would do it in a second.
I miss it.
At the time, I didn't know how much.
I heard mumbling in the foyer and entryway. A few seconds later, J walked in, her hand clearly held by someone I couldn't see. "I wanted to introduce you guys so you don't think he's a stranger when he comes over. Mrs. Bainbridge, Walker Scott this is Oliver Weston, my boyfriend."
Oliver appeared from behind the door with J's hand in his and I just stared. I'm secure enough in my manhood to say that I understood why J liked him. He had well-kempt dark blond hair, styled all neatly. He had  what do the girls call it?  piercing blue eyes. At first, he looked sort of intimidating with his expensive, gray sports jacket and darkish jeans that would probably cost me a month's pay to afford (working at the dry cleaners, I knew how much stuff cost. Not that I could afford it. I wore basic, normal clothes. Although I did have a few nice dress clothes if the situation called for it.)
My mama didn't raise me in a barn, as they say, so I did what any 'polite' person would do: I stood, stretched out my hand, and said, "Hi. I'm Walker."
Oliver looked at my hand like it was poisoned, filthy pond water. The look only lasted a second, but I saw it. And I knew he knew I saw it. That was the point. He wanted me to be intimidated by him. He was a Weston after all. I hadn't been in town long, but I knew enough to know that the Weston name had a certain pull to it. The Weston's owned the town and had for years if the names and dates on the buildings in Linley meant anything. We had those kinds of people in my hometown. I guess everyone does.
After the 'you are a gnat' look faded, he smiled his biggest award-winning smile (seriously, I could have counted his teeth his sparkling, gleaming, shiny chompers.) "Oliver." He shook my hand hard enough to sting, and I'm not the smallest guy in the world. Maybe not as big as I was in my football hay day, but I wasn't a wimp. But this guy wow. Oliver made sure to let me know right off he had a good, firm grip. And I wasn't stupid. I knew he was letting me know J was his. If I had any designs on her, they'd better go away quickly. And he was also letting me know, in no uncertain terms, that that he was the Alpha Male in the room.
It was fine with me. I had no intention of being the 'alpha male'. In my opinion, they were all brawny, egotistical, lying know-it-alls. And, also in my opinion, girls might like to date them, but they got tired of them before the marriage stage. So I'd let them make the mistakes of the 'rich alphas' and then I'd swoop in at marriage time. Cheaper that way too Easier on the heart as well. I had my heart broken once. I'd be darned if I was going to allow it to happen again.
But I'd be lying if I didn't squeeze his hand just a little bit harder too, just because. Just to let him know that even though I knew he was 'top dog', I wasn't scared of him. His name meant nothing to me. I didn't care about his family or how rich they were. And I certainly wasn't there to steal his girl. Not at that moment anyway.
He grinned at my added pressure and added a little more to his. I reciprocated. He smirked. I smirked. We let go. That was it. Not a big moment in time, but it was a moment I'd never forget.
If I had my time to do over again, if I knew what I know now, I'd have bloodied his lip. Maybe even broken his jaw. Something. Now, I can't imagine how I stood in the same room with him. Then, I just thought he was an idiot. Truthfully, I was right.
It was J who broke the tension between us. "We are going to the movies tonight, Mrs. Bainbridge. I don't know how late we'll be back, so don't be alarmed if you hear footsteps around midnight."
"Oh no," Oliver said with his dazzling smile. "I have class at 8 a.m. so we can't be out that late. I don't want to be tired."
"It's only the first week of school." I laughed before I could stop it. "I mean, how much is there to learn during the first week?"
Apparently, that was the wrong thing to say. Oliver's eyes got darker than they already were. "I'm a pre-law major. Every day is important. What's your major, or are you undeclared like most of the other freshmen here?"
Even I saw J's jaw set. I had to wonder if he was rubbing it in her face that she was a "lowly" freshman. Now that I know him really know him I know the answer. He was rubbing it in her face. He was a bastard like that.
"English. I'm an English major. I want to be a writer."
It was Oliver's time to laugh. And by laugh, I mean he threw his head back and guffawed, which echoed around the room. A few seconds later, he looked at me and his face hardened. "Oh, you're serious? I thought you were joking. I mean, who in their right mind would major in English? Writers are a dime a dozen. How hard is it to write a book? Even I can string two sentences together."
I had my mouth open to speak and I had lots of words  some of them not so good words, mind you  ready to pour out. For the record, it's not easy to write a book. It takes time, energy, a clear mind and imagination. Clearly all things Mr. SnootyPants didn't have. And I could do a lot with an English degree. I could be a journalist, a writer, an editor I could even teach English someday if I wanted. It wasn't a dumb major and it wasn't an easy major.
And I wanted to tell him all of that.
But J cut me off before I could utter even one syllable. "Oliver, we really need to go. Especially if you have to be home early. We need to get going before the seven o'clock showing starts." She grabbed his hand in hers and I wanted to jerk it away.
He smirked at me. "Yeah. Let's go. Very nice to meet you, Walker. Do enjoy your English studies." He had a hint of laughter in his voice. Okay, it wasn't just a hint. It was a full out laughing-in-my-face-but-doing-it-properly tone.
I decided to let it go. Hopefully, I'd never see him again. I was on the third floor and she was on the second. At the time, I knew if I ever saw Oliver Weston again, it would be too soon. And I was so right.

Chapter Five

Mrs. Bainbridge started to clean the table after J and Oliver left. I stood and gathered my things to help her. She smiled at me warmly, probably the warmest she'd ever smiled at me up to that time. "Thank you, Walker. I appreciate it, but you don't have to do that if you don't want. I have it."
"No, ma'am. I don't mind. Don't have anywhere to be at the moment." I smiled and picked up a few dishes to follow her into the kitchen with.
"You don't have a hot date?" She kidded in front of me as she led me into probably the most beautiful kitchen I'd ever had ever seen. Seriously, I don't get excited about kitchens that much, but this one wow. It had obviously been updated since the building was a hotel, but it still had a lot of the character. Tall ceilings with ornate moldings. It had a pretty big wooden island in the middle, big for the space in the kitchen anyway. It had a chef style stove with an old-timey, antique range hood. Someone had clearly put a lot of money in the renovations of the house. Even I was impressed and that's saying a lot. I was happy with my small kitchen upstairs.
"No, ma'am. Unless you count my sofa and the laptop. Which I don't. I'm going to look up my classes and have a map planned out for tomorrow. Don't wanna get lost on my first day." I put the dishes I was carrying into the sink and wiped my hands on a dishtowel. It was pretty too, just like everything else on the first floor.
"Good plan. So English, huh?" Mrs. Bainbridge's eyes twinkled when she said that. I knew she was kidding me about Oliver's off-handed remark earlier.
"English. It's not a dumb major." Okay, I was starting to get defensive because I don't know, it was like I had to prove to these people why I wanted to be a writer. Just like in Oklahoma when I had to convince my dad of the same thing. His prize-winning football scholarship son had turned into a has-been writing major. If it wasn't for his being a preacher, he would have probably berated me for it. As it was, I could see the disappointment on his face. It hurt worse than if he'd said something about it.
"I never said it was. I admire writers," she said, slicing into a mouth-watering pecan pie. I was already stuffed after the bowl of vegetable soup, but man, I have to tell you, I do have a weakness for pecan pies. Pecan pies and brunettes.
More on the brunettes later.
Without asking, she plated one of the pieces on a white china saucer and handed it to me. "Jordan left without her pie. Oh well," she shrugged. "That's her loss." She winked as I took it.
Once the first bit of pie hit my tongue, I was already in love. I'd have married Mrs. Bainbridge right then and there if she could keep making me those pies forever and ever. Maybe she'd make 'em for the guy upstairs. "You really admire writers? Not many people do."
She took a small bite of her pie. "I do. It has to be difficult to come up with places, people, times right in your head and make it so real people root for them. Or hate them. Think about it. It's just letters on a page, but it moves people. It's a God-given gift."
I told her my father didn't think it was a God-given gift, and the man was a preacher so he should know.
"My father was a know-it-all too," she said wistfully. "They think they know everything, but trust me. When they are gone, you miss their advice."
I thought about that as I finished my pie. Honestly, I just wanted back to my apartment to change clothes and settle in for the night. Plans to map out tomorrow were on my mind. That, and if I really wanted to be honest  which I didn't  J was on my mind too.
What was she doing with Oliver?
No. No, I didn't want to know that. What she did with him was her business. I just didn't want to know about it.
"Well, thank you for supper and dessert. I appreciate it." I set my plate in the sink.
She told me not to expect food every night. She wasn't my cook. Or my maid. But she'd surprise us from time to time with food. It sounded good to me. I thanked her again and started to go back to my apartment. Mrs. Bainbridge stopped me before I got through the hallway door. "You know, economy like it is, it might be smart for you both to carpool to college. Wonder if your classes are at about the same time?"
"No idea," I said before leaving the dining room. But the idea was planted, which is what Mrs. Bainbridge wanted I think. Did we have the same basic schedule? Not the same classes  me being an English major and her being a Criminology major  but maybe both of our classes started at eight and ended at the same basic time. It wouldn't be beyond reason for us to carpool. It would definitely save on gas.
Maybe I'd talk to her about it. Maybe I wouldn't. But all I knew at the second was I wanted my apartment, and my comfortable clothes and my warm house shoes.
By the time I huffed it up the two flights of stairs, I was already sort of regretting agreeing to the apartment. The food was good. The company was good. The climb well, let's say my knee hated me at the moment. Still does actually. It might never recover. That's the least of my worries now though. But you only wanted the beginning. So I'll stick with that for now.
After I changed into some comfortable clothes  a black long-sleeved shirt and red and plaid pajama bottoms, I think. It wasn't like I paid much attention to it. I sat on my couch with my laptop on my lap and my class schedule next to me. With the TV on as background noise, I started mapping out my first day.
Tuesdays and Thursdays
8:00Chemistry 101 Weston Hall (of course it was)
10:00Algebra 101 Squires Hall
Then a lunch break.
2:00English 102 Mercer Hall
3:00Journalism 101 Bainbridge Building (Yeah, the coincidence didn't get by me either.)
I was due to leave by four. It wasn't a horrible schedule. Tuesday and Thursdays were my longest days. Four classes each. On Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, I only had three classes which was good since I worked from two to nine at the dry cleaners.
After writing and mapping until way after the sun went down and my eyes were crossing, I heard footsteps on the stairs. I'd purposefully left the door open so I could hear when J came home. I told myself it was just to make sure she got home okay, and so I'd know when to go down and ask her about tomorrow and carpooling.
When I heard footsteps on the stairs, my stomach started getting butterflies, I'm not going to lie. It was weird since I just met her and all, but sheesh. Fate or karma or maybe male hormones.
Anyway, I threw some shoes on  my knee yelling at me to sit back down the entire time  and hobbled down the steps to the second story. I didn't even have to knock. She had the door open and was throwing her bag down on the coffee table. "Hey." She smiled, but I didn't know if it reached her eyes or not.
I smiled back. I'm sure it reached my eyes. Suddenly very nervous. And apparently, I stammered when I was nervous. Because stammer I did. "Uh did you and Oliver have a nice time?"
She rolled her eyes. Not a good sign. And threw her keys down on the coffee table next to her bag. "It started off okay. Movie was good. And he took me out for dessert."
I turned my eyes to a large clock on the side wall. It wasn't much after nine. "Didn't stay very long."
"I got mad at him and I shouldn't have. He was just being nice and considerate and I was being me." She slumped down on the couch and threw her feet up on the table next to her things. She leaned her head back against the cushion and closed her eyes.
"Do you take things badly often?" I asked, not sure what to do. Should I sit? Should I stand? My knee kinda wanted to be in the same position as J, but I wasn't sure it was appropriate. 
"On occasion." She never opened her eyes.
"What did Oliver do that was so terrible?"
She shook her head, eyes still closed. "He called my brother and got me out of work tomorrow night."
For the life of me, I couldn't understand why that was bad. I mean, I didn't get it. "How evil of him."
"Don't start." She scolded.
"Did you need the hours or something?"
"See I took it wrong." She sighed.
"No I didn't say that." Before I could control my feet, I had walked over to her and plopped down beside her. She looked as surprised as I felt. But I was there now, so I just stayed. And besides, it was really comfortable. Soft and nice and okay a lot more comfortable than the leather couch in my apartment. "I just don't understand, that's all. Did you need the money?"
"I mean, it doesn't hurt. Classes start tomorrow and who knows how much books will be? I get paid pretty well at the police station. Well, as well as any other part-time dispatcher. But I don't like him doing things for me behind my back."
I bit my lip to start with because, you have to remember, it was none of my business. I didn't know J then like I do I didn't know her well and I didn't know exactly what to say. But I already had a bad opinion of Oliver and she wasn't helping it much. "Does he do that a lot?"
"What?" She picked at her nails nervously.
"Does he go behind your back a lot?"
She shrugged. "Sometimes. He really is sweet."
I must have made some sort of unintentional noise.
"No, I'm serious." She smiled and whacked me on the shoulder. It wasn't the first time we'd touched. We shook hands the first time we met. But it definitely affected me. And even though it was a light smack on the arm, I had some sort of a reaction to it. A good reaction. I can't explain it exactly. Let's say, I didn't hate it.
J cleared her throat. Clearly she felt it too. I hoped so anyway. I think she did. "He is. He's nice. And I like spending time with him. And I like him."
"And he has money." I winked. It would have been a good reason for anyone to date him.
"Last on the list." Her face fell. "Actually, it's the least thing I like about him. It's so annoying to go somewhere and get the best table and the best food because Oliver's a Weston."
"Sounds horrible." I scoffed.
Given our short history, I half-expected her to whack me on the shoulder again. She surprised me. "It's true. I hate that he has all of those connections and people look at me like that. Like I'm just dating him for his money and his name and that his daddy is some big shot. I'm not a gold digger. In fact, I didn't even want to date him to start with"
J went on about how Oliver had started wooing her when she was still in high school. He wouldn't let up, apparently. He sat next to her at a football game and they started talking. He wanted her number, and she said no. I guess it went on for another month before he finally did something big and awesome to get her attention. I can't say I remember what the big awesome thing was. It wasn't important enough for me to waste brain cells on.
Anyway, after her big spiel, she said, "I don't know why I'm telling you all of this."
Truthfully, I didn't either. I was listening. I swear I was, but wow, when she got to talking, she talked a lot. "Maybe you need to convince yourself why you started dating him. You don't have to convince me. He's not my boyfriend."
"Do you have a boyfriend?" she asked with a sly grin.
"No."
"Girlfriend?"
"Nope."
My love life, or lack thereof, was the last thing I wanted to talk about at the time. The ex wasn't important enough to chat about  I take that back. She was important enough. I didn't cry when she broke up with me, but I sure did think about it. I listened to old, sad songs and stuff. But I didn't feel the need to tell J about it. Unfortunately, she could read me even then. "She dumped you when you moved here, right?"
"Something like that," I said.
There was a pause. I wanted her to talk about something else, and she, obviously, wasn't going to until I told her about the love in Oklahoma.
Finally, after it became so uncomfortable I couldn't take it anymore. I cracked. "Okay, fine. Her name was Lauren. We dated since sophomore year. We were prom king and queen. She went to the University of Oklahoma to study early childhood education. We promised to stay together. Got a text message about a month ago saying she wanted to see other people."
"Brutal," she said, which made me happy. At least she didn't take up with the girl. In my experience, most girls took up with the girls when relationships broke up.
"It wasn't pleasant," I admitted. "But it's in the past. I'm moving on. Not ready to date, but moving on." And I didn't tell her, but it was nice to talk to someone about Lauren. I didn't hate her. I couldn't hate her. Long distance relationships were hard and I honestly hadn't had any high hopes for it lasting. Didn't mean it didn't hurt, though.
"That's good. That you are moving on. It's hard," she said and turned around to check the large clock on the wall behind us. The same one I checked before. "Well, it's getting late. Gotta get up early tomorrow for the first day of classes. I'm nervous."
The fact that she was nervous made me feel better. "Me too. I have my classes all mapped out. At least you know the layout of the college."
"Sorta. Still nervous though."
"Agreed. Actually, that's why I'm here." I let her in on my plan for us to carpool to school.
She thought about it for a minute.
"And it would save money on gas," I added to the end, just in case she needed the extra incentive.
"Okay."
I wasn't exactly expecting that. Hoped for it, but never expected it. "Really?"
She pulled her hair around her shoulder. "Well, yeah. We can try it tomorrow and see if it works. I have my first class at 8:00. My last class is at four."
"My last class is at three. I can hang out in the library until it's time to go."
"Sounds good if you want."
I nodded. "It's a plan."
"Okay then." She held her hand out and I shook it. "Roomies and carpoolers. What more can a girl ask for?"
What more could she ask for? Hmmmm probably more than I gave. But at that moment, we had a plan. Too bad it wouldn't last.

Chapter Six

I woke up on Tuesday morning to the sound of thunder in the distance. It wasn't like I'd watched the news or anything and heard it was going to rain, but from the sound of the thunder, it would be here at least by nine. Frustrated, I shut my eyes and mentally read the map I'd written down the day before. Yeah, there would be a lot of walking outside today. Perfect for a first day of school. And I didn't even own an umbrella. Maybe they'd have them in the Student Center store, I thought. I knew if they didn't, I'd be screwed. Four classes in one day, all across campus from each other, no umbrella.
At that one small moment in time, I sort of missed high school. At least it was in one building. Who cared if it rained? We were confined to the building going along our merry way, not caring what Mother Nature threw at us. Well, unless it was a tornado  or snow. Snow was good.
After a few minutes of whining like a baby, I rolled out of bed and got ready. It only took like five seconds to decide what I was going to wear: jeans, slightly faded, a dark gray shirt and black hoodie. The hood would keep me semi-dry  or so I reasoned. It really didn't.
I threw the corner of a pop tart in my mouth, grabbed my backpack, my map, and my keys and headed down to J's apartment. Like the night before, I didn't even have to knock. She was busy hurrying around, picking up things and throwing them around all frantic. I'd never seen her frantic before. Of course, I'd only known her twenty four hours.
Truth be told, I probably should have spoken before I did. I mean, obviously I saw what she was doing and the mess she was making. It was clear she was looking for something, but I didn't say a word. I just smiled and leaned against the door frame, watching her. She had on slim dark jeans and black boots up nearly to her knees. They caught my eye immediately because Lauren had a pair like them in brown  I remembered because I was the one who bought them for her last Christmas. Money wasted.
To be fair, they looked better on J. Lauren's legs were sort of scrawny and too skinny. J's were just right. A little meat, but not overly so. I'd never been a guy who was attracted to model skinny girls. Just my preference. To each his own.
Now, what was I saying?
Okay, right. She had on her dark jeans and knee high boots and a white shirt under a black sweater. Her hair, which I assumed had been fixed in a ponytail at one time or another, was falling around her face and she was mumbling something under her breath. From what I could hear, they weren't pleasant words.
The one thing I did hear her say was, "Where are they!" And then a pillow flew over her head.
Though it would have been fun to watch her longer, my eyes glanced at the huge clock over the couch and saw we really needed to get going. I cleared my throat and she jumped like she'd been like she'd been...
Like
I can't do this, okay? I can't I can't talk about her... about...
But I guess I have to. It's why I'm here, isn't it? To talk?
It shocked her, okay? My throat clearing. It shook her. She stood up straight and she looked at me with those big, huge wide blue eyes. I have to admit, as amused as I was, she was not. "How long have you been standing there?" she huffed.
"A few minutes," I answered, still smirking. It was, apparently, the wrong thing to do.
J stood up in a huff, crossed her arms, and said, "You've been standing there all this time I've been looking for my keys and you didn't have the decency to come in and help me look?"
Yeah. Totally mad. It wouldn't be the last time J got mad at me. One other time, it ended much, much worse. This time just ended with her throwing the last couch cushion at me. Stealthy as I was, I ducked out of the way, and the unfortunate cushion tumbled down the stairs to the first floor. She started calling me names I won't mention right now and finally looked down at the couch. Her expression changed and she picked up the keys, right where the cushion had been.
"Looks like I helped you find them after all."
She glared but didn't look as mad. I could handle that, so I asked if she needed any more help. She said to go get the couch cushion from downstairs.
So, I did.
We left about ten minutes later. J had to go back to her bathroom and fix her ponytail. When she came back out, it was as sleek as ever. I sort of missed how it had been when it was untamed. It suited her better.
I offered to take my car since carpooling was my idea, but she said no. She didn't explain why she said no, and I knew better than to make an issue out of it. She was still mad about me not helping her find her keys and I didn't want to make it worse.
As I got in the car, I glanced across the road at the police station. Sure enough, Sheriff Rivers sat outside the door, leaned back against the wall, staring me down. "Does he live there?" I asked J, who sort of shrugged as an answer and waved across the road.
"He's short staffed and feels the need to be in the office at all hours. Especially now."
We slid into the car  her on the driver's side and me on the passenger.
I had to ask. "Why especially now?"
She put her key in the ignition. "Don't tell me you haven't heard about the Linley Lady Killer?"

****

Well, I hadn't heard about the 'Linley Lady Killer' and told her as much. She just shook her head and started toward school.
"I'm glad it hasn't gotten out yet. The locals are a bit freaked out by it, though. Three women. All killed in the last month."
"Three? That doesn't seem like a lot. Doesn't it have to be more than that to be considered a 'serial killer'?" I asked in my naivety.
"It is in a small town. Especially since we haven't had a murder in four years. Not since Ol' Farmer Jenkins shot his wife's girlfriend."
I just sort of stared at her, letting that scene flash through my mind.
"Yeah. Anyway, my brother is worried about it. Said there's not any clues and the cases weren't related. Nothing was the same except how they were killed."
We stopped at the red light, and I raised my brow at her, waiting for her to answer the unasked question. She just ignored me until I had to ask it. "Okay, I'll bite. How were they killed?"
"Stabbed, Walker. They were all stabbed in the stomach. All stabbed five times."
"In like a ritual pattern?" I asked her, relying on my heavy research from watching old criminal shows on my computer.
"Nothing so simple." She sighed as she stepped on the gas when the light turned green. "Nope, only random stab marks. But five of them. No finger prints, no clues."
"Any connection between them?" This was starting to get interesting. I'd always wanted to write a crime/mystery novel. I thought it might make a good storyline. Real life has a tendency to do that  provide good storylines. If only things work out as well as they do in the books. The good guys always win in books. The girls are always saved. They live happily ever after.
Maybe that's why I like writing. It's totally different from real life. Totally different from my life.
Anyway, J shook her head. "No connection. Nothing. The first, Jessica Greer, worked at the bank. The second, Tami Kelly, worked at Langston's  a fancy restaurant on the other side of town," she added when it was obvious I had no idea what Langston's was.
"Ah and the third?"
"Susan Moore. Morgue."
I cringed and watched the buildings blend together as we got closer to the college. "Were they killed at work or at home?"
"Work. All three at work. Jessica was found outside in the alley next to the bank. Tami was lying by her car. And Susan well, the chief doctor found her dead on a slab."
"Brutal." I automatically tried to think of something that might help the investigation.
"Yeah. Very brutal."
"Video tapes? Surveillance? Something? Especially at the bank and the morgue. The murders should have been picked up somewhere."
She glared at me for a split second then focused back on the road. "Don't you think we checked? On all three, the surveillance cameras fuzzed out five minutes before the projected time of death. They never came back on."
"Interesting." And it was. I couldn't help trying to solve the puzzle in my mind. A banker, a waitress, and a morgue worker. What did they all have in common? Were they all dating the same person? Did they all go to the same church? Were they sorority sisters?
"Yeah. Interesting. Joshua is losing sleep over it. I know he is. It's just there're no clues. I'm surprised you haven't heard about it before now. Everyone is freaked."
I shrugged. "Haven't had time to listen to gossip. Been more worried about myself I guess."
"I guess, but you'll hear about it now, I bet. Probably be all over the college."
I had to ask. "Why would it be all over the college?"
She gave a ghost of a smile. "Because all three were students."

****

Once I knew about the murders, I started looking and noticing things on campus that made me go, Oh yeah, okay, something bad happened here. A memorial wreath at one of the sorority houses and a makeshift memorial at the Quad. They all had pictures of Jessica, a senior accounting major; Tami, a sophomore education major; and Susan, a senior medical major. Pretty girls. Waste of a life.
"They weren't the same year, but they all three attended here," J explained as we walked to our first class. They weren't the same subject, but they were in the same building. Lucky for us.
"Did you know them?" I asked as we walked past their smiling faces. It was sort of creepy and morbid.
"Not personally. I mean, I knew of them. Tami and Susan were local girls. I was a sophomore when they were seniors. And Jessica I didn't know her that well. Her father became bank manager about two years ago. He got sick and she transferred here to help take care of him."
The thunder clapped louder, making us pick up the pace. Strange how I never even heard it before now well, since I was at home anyway. I'm sure it had popped a few times since then, but I'd be so into talking to J that I didn't notice it. She had that effect on me a lot.
"Looks like rain," I stated the obvious.
She looked up and concurred. "Yeah, and I'm parked way away from my last class."
"Me too."
"And I don't have an umbrella."
"Guess we'll have to run."
She laughed. It was nice to hear her laugh. It wasn't often, but when she did, it made me smile. I loved her laugh.
I didn't know it at the time. Not that one brief second, even in the midst of the morbid picture of the poor dead girls, we were actually  happy. We didn't know that it would be the last easy moment we'd have together for a while. Before things got complicated and messy.
If I had of known, I would have enjoyed it more. Relished in it more  if people even use that saying now. I would have taken the time to remember every bit of it. Every second the increasing wind blew her hair around her face. The way she smiled. I would have remembered every bit.
Instead the moment came and went with the sound of a very unwelcome voice calling from behind us.
"Fancy catching you two together."
Oliver Weston.
He looked like he'd stepped out of a J. Crew catalog. Too preppy for my taste, but I guessed J must have loved it. When I looked at her, though, she didn't look in love. Her smile faded, just a little, but just enough for me to notice. I didn't know if Oliver noticed and I didn't really care. I knew that she didn't seem terribly happy to see him. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't happy by that turn of events.
"Oliver. I didn't think you had a class until ten." She walked over to him and gave him a hug. Her hair clung to his scruffy beard. Not my choice of facial hair, that's for sure.
Oliver glared at me over her head. I felt my blood pressure rise and I refused to look away. He wasn't going to intimidate me. Not saying he never did, but at that moment, I refused.
Instead of hanging my head like I'd done something wrong by riding with his girlfriend to school, I waved. "Mornin', Oliver."
Oliver smiled through gritted teeth. "Mornin'. Didn't know you two had classes together."
"We don't," J said hurriedly. She leaned back and took a few steps away, putting her backpack back up on her shoulder. "We are just carpooling to save money."
"Babe, if you were worried about money, I can always come get you. You know that. It's no bother."
J shook her head. "No, that's too far out of your way. The Kappa House is way on the other side of campus. And you don't have your first class until ten."
"That's not much later than yours," Oliver reminded her. I think, to him, I wasn't there anymore. It was between him and his woman. The possessive type 'til the end.
"I know, but I can get some studying in. You know, when we actually have studying to do and it isn't the first day," J said nervously. When she talked to me, she never had that tone of voice. She never had that quiver. In fact, she always sounded like she was confident, but when she was around Oliver, that faded. She wasn't necessarily a doormat, but she seemed to let him lord over her. I didn't like it. Even then, I knew I'd never do that to a woman.
"Still. I can come and get you. It's no trouble." Oliver closed the distance between them. He was so tall, J had to practically strain her neck all the way back to look him.
"It's not necessary," J said again. "Walker lives right upstairs. It would be stupid for you to come across town to get me when he lives right at the same house."
Oliver's voice got really low. "And when you mentioned getting a roommate I never thought it would be another guy. I assumed it would be a girl."
They argued like that for a few more seconds until I couldn't take listening to them anymore. "Look, Oliver. I get it. I'd be ticked if my girl was renting a place with a guy too, but trust me when I say there is nothing going on between us. I just want to focus on school and learning how to navigate college. I'm not trying to take her away from you."
He smirked. "Oh, I'm not worried about you."
Could have fooled me.
Oliver bent down and kissed her on the hair. "I'm looking forward to tonight. It's going to be a fun time at my house. Patty is even making a special dinner. Lamb."
"Can't wait," J said. Oliver might not have been able to tell that she was totally lying, but I could. Seems I could read J much better than he could.
Before Oliver could say anything else, some dude wearing a Kappa shirt hollered at him from across the Quad. Oliver yelled back and kissed J on the head again. "Gotta go. Pick you up at six tonight, Jordan. Wear something nice. Dressy. The opposite of what you've got on, okay?"
With that he left and J watched him go. "I hate lamb," she mumbled under her breath. It started sprinkling as we walked toward class.

Chapter Seven

The day? The day went fairly smoothly. Despite the thunder and build up, it didn't rain very much. Just enough to make the ground a little muddy. I found all of my classes and was only intimidated by one older, smaller professor who didn't smile and sort of glared most of the class. I didn't run into J any which was disappointing. It might have been nice to have lunch or something, but I ended up eating with a person from my chemistry class. Her name was Alicia Dyer. Pretty. Blonde. English major too. She was nice to talk to so I did.
She asked me for my number which I found pretty forward, but I gave it to her. She gave me hers too. I still make fun of her over it because, when you get to know her, she's not that out in the open normally. Alicia's more reserved. More quiet unless you make her mad which I do tend to do on occasion. Sometimes it's accidental.
Sometimes.
Anyway, we sat next to each other in Chemistry, didn't know anyone else and decided to eat lunch together. Less awkward-looking that way. By the end of the hour, I had a full stomach and her phone number. Not a bad first day of school.
Now, you might be thinking I was sort of cheating on J by eating lunch with Alicia, but you'd be wrong because 1) we weren't dating, and 2) she was  I found out later  eating lunch with Oliver at Langston's. I know, right?! Who would go to that fancy place during the day? Better yet, who would go there at night?
At around four o'clock, I made it back to J's car. She wasn't there yet, so to kill time and nonchalantly lean on the hood because my knee was killing me from all the walking, I pulled out the paper Alicia had given me and started programming her number into my phone. Before I could punch in the first digit, the phone was swiped out of my hand. It shocked me at first until I saw who it was, standing there all cocky next to the car.
"Day one and you've already got a girl's number." She grinned, holding my phone hostage.
"Jealous?" Maybe not the best thing to say, but oh well. I said it. Sue me.
Thankfully  since she was my ride and all  she didn't seem to let that bother her. "Not at all." She started fiddling with the keys and doing something to my phone. Knowing her, she was probably making it sing the Barney song when she texted me or something. "It's just you are a lot smoother than I gave you credit for, Walker. And here I thought you weren't over Lauren yet."
It was my turn to take the phone from J's little fingers. "I'm not. I sat next to Alicia in Chemistry."
J smirked. Chemistry. Ha. Got the joke. It was stupid.
J just took the phone right back from me and kept on keying in stuff and asked me if the girl was cute.
Now, I'm not an idiot. I know how the world works. I know it isn't very smart to tell a girl that another girl is cute. And I know that they know this and I know that they  girls, that is  keep asking men the same question, hoping to trap them in the answer. I knew J was doing the same thing when she looked up at me with her eyes twinkling. She was teasing me. Playing me. I couldn't help but laugh and shake my head.
Funny how I never saw that side of J when Oliver was around. He had this sort of stick up his butt quality that stifled J, if you want my personal opinion on it. Sure, I hadn't known them long and I'd only seen J with Oliver twice, but still  she was different with him. I hoped this was the real her. I liked this J much better than Oliver's "Jordan".
"Yes. She's cute," I answered before grabbing my phone back from her and slamming it in my jeans pocket before she could get the chance to swipe it again. At least I hope she wouldn't grab it again. I didn't think she'd shove her hand down my pants pocket, but who knew? Definitely wouldn't have been the worst thing to happen to me.
"No more Lauren?" she asked, tilting her head in a way that made her neck look exceptionally long. Alicia was cute. J was beautiful.
"No more Lauren." I had to clear my throat because it hitched when I tried to speak. I stared at her for longer than I meant, not able to will my eyes to look away. At first she laughed and bit her lip like she was still playing with me. Then I guess she saw how I was looking at her and the smile faded. Not like it had faded with Oliver earlier. Not in a bad 'eww' way, but maybe she was looking at me like I was looking at her.
I'd had a good lunch with Alicia. I wasn't over Lauren, and J had a boyfriend. Even though I didn't like the jerk, he was still hers. And I shouldn't have been looking at her like that.
I bit my lip and looked away as quickly as I could, because frankly, it was embarrassing. After clearing my throat for a second time and shoving my hands in my jeans pockets, I tried to make like that never happened. "Ready?"
She blinked a few times. "Yeah. I hope you don't need to stop somewhere else before we get home." Her voice hitched like mine had earlier. "I really need to get back, shower, and get ready. Oliver will be there at six," she said as she walked toward the driver's side.
Maybe I'm projecting maybe it wasn't really how she felt, but I didn't and still don't feel that she was terribly excited about going.
"Still ticked that he went behind your back with your brother and got you off tonight?"
She shrugged. "Doesn't matter now." She slid in her side of the car and I got in on mine. "It's done. Emily will cover my shift, and I'll get to go to the Weston mansion and have a 'cozy' dinner with about fifty people I don't know, and if I do know them, I probably will wish I didn't."
She turned on the ignition and I couldn't hold it in any more. "Then why go, J?"
Her head snapped around quickly and she looked like it was the craziest question ever. "Because. He asked me. He got me off of work. I'm his girlfriend."
My mouth wouldn't stop. "I know that, but why? He doesn't seem like your type."
I was being sincere, but she didn't seem to take it that way. We backed up and then she put the car into drive. "Because you've known me all of a day, you think you know what my type is?"
"Surely, it can't be him. He's just blah."
I didn't know really what to expect from her because she was right, I didn't know her that well. She could fly off the handle and drop me off in some part of town I didn't know, make me walk home. "You don't know him. He's different, but he's alright. He's never given me any grief. Never hit me. Never cheated."
I scoffed. "Is that the only definition you have for a 'good guy'?"
It was her turn to be sincere. "Believe me. I've been with worse."
After that she got really quiet and I didn't know what to say. Here we were, newly finished our first day of college and I had nothing to say. That's not true. I had a lot of things to say, but I didn't know how to say them. I wanted to know about the 'worse' and what they had done to her, but another part of me didn't want to know. To me, J was a strong woman, and I didn't want to think of her as anything else.
I honestly didn't even want to think of her with Oliver, because I didn't like how she acted around him. She wasn't as care free as she was with me well, normally. In that car going home, she sure didn't have much to say.
I figured her mind was a million miles away. Mine was too, I guess. I didn't know her well, but still There wasn't one part of me that wanted her to go out with Oliver that night. Sure, okay, yeah, I was jealous. Jealous that he got to spend time with her and jealous that she acted so strangely around him.
And jealous that it wasn't me.
Now I know it was jealousy. At the time, I just thought it was concern for her well-being.
As she drove us back to Mrs. Bainbridge's, I couldn't keep my eyes off of her. I tried. Man, I tried, but I couldn't. There was something about her, way beyond her dark hair and eyes way beyond how pretty she was. There was something that I caught even then. Something that drew me to her. Some would say lust or the proverbial wanting what I couldn't have, but it wasn't like that. I can't explain it. All I know is that I couldn't keep my eyes off of her.
And, of course, she noticed.
"What?" She laughed as she moved her eyes from the road and back to me a few times.
I'd been caught. Great. She'd probably think I was a pervert or something.
"Nothing," I lied and looked out my side of the window at the yards passing by. The yards would soon turn into buildings closer together, then a red light, then Main Street, then we'd be home. After such an exhausting day, home sounded great. And even better, I had the night off. I'd make up for it tomorrow by working over two hours, but for tonight, the dry cleaners weren't mine to manage. I couldn't say I was sad about that.
J couldn't leave well enough alone. "No, seriously. What? Do I have something in my hair?" She fumbled her fingers around in the few dark strands that had fallen down around her face.
I couldn't help but laugh. "Nothing in your hair. Not that I can see anyway."
"Then what?" The light in front of us changed from yellow to red and J slowed to a stop. "Tell me. Something's going around in your mind."
There were a lot of things going around in my mind. Lots of thoughts that, honestly, I'm not entirely sure were pure. Lots of thoughts I won't tell you about. You have an imagination. I couldn't help it. But those weren't the only things I was thinking.
"Come on." She grinned and tilted her head my direction. She tapped her fingers on the steering wheel, almost like she was threatening me if I didn't do it. "It can't be that bad. Tell me, Walker."
I took a deep breath and tried to put all of my jumbled thoughts in one coherent bunch. "I don't think you should be with Oliver." And there it was. I said it. I didn't know her well enough to say it, but I did. But to be fair to me, how long exactly did Romeo and Juliet know each other before they decided it best to take the poison than live without each other? I wasn't at the poison-taking stage not just yet. I was, however, at the 'I kinda like you' stage.
In all my years, I'd never seen an expression change so quickly. Her smile faded into a hard line and I knew I'd crossed it. If I could have taken it back, I would have. Not that I liked Oliver, I'll never like Oliver, but because it was none of my business. And I knew I didn't want her to look at me like that.
She agreed. "I don't think that's any of your business. Who I date is my problem, not yours." The light changed green and she floored it until we pulled into the space next to our apartment. Without a word, she jumped out of the car, yanked her backpack from the backseat, and ran into the building without even giving me a second glance. Like I wasn't even there.
I bit my lip and ran my fingers thought my hair, repeatedly telling myself I was stupid. I paced a few times on the sidewalk, completely forgetting that the sheriff station was right across the road, and her sheriff brother tended to sit outside and watch everything with an eagle eye.
When I heard a whistle coming from across the street, I remembered him and cringed. He had to have thought I was the biggest loser ever. Either that or a moron weirdo. He told me later he thought I was drunk. In any case, he yelled for me to come over. Not wanting to upset the sheriff, I moseyed on over.
Sheriff Joseph Rivers leaned back in a wooden chair, whittling. I kid you not. The man was whittling the first time I officially met him. He was a younger guy, younger than he appeared from across the road. I didn't think of whittling as a young guy's hobby. He had on his sheriff's uniform, not a wrinkle insight. His hair was the same dark brown as J's but his eyes were a chocolate brown. Pretty. For a guy, pretty.
Okay, I'm not going to lie. His eyes were pretty for anyone. His scruffy beard wasn't my taste though. And he was a guy, and I sort of had lustful thoughts about his sister. And maybe even Alicia Dyer from my math class.
I'm straying off topic here. I'm sorry...
Anyway, the point is that Sheriff Rivers was a nice-looking man and any woman would agree with me. Okay, that's out of the way. Can we move on now before I say something even more embarrassing?
Back to the topic you want to hear about. How it began or at least now we are about in the middle portion of how it began. How we met
Sheriff Rivers, Joshua, didn't look at me when I walked up to him. He just sat with his chair back, whittling away. It was a piece of cedar  I could tell that. And he had just started it from the looks of it. "You look like something's upsetting you."
Never did he raise his eyes, which was good because, quite frankly, I was a bit intimidated by the sheriff at the moment. No one wants to have a long conversation with the sheriff of a town during their first week and definitely not when they're living with the sheriff's sister  well, sort of living with.
"Just a long day," I said, not really wanting to get into it with him. It wasn't like I knew what he thought about Oliver. He could have thought the man walked on water for all I knew  that was a Jesus reference, in case
Okay. I guess you knew that.
"Yeah, first day of college. Not easy. I remember my first day. Sort of made me want to go home, cry, beat my fists in the air, and cry."
I felt my brow rise. "Really?"
It was then he looked at me, never stopping the whittling. Probably dangerous now that I think about it. "Nope."
I got the humor. He was making fun of me, and I could appreciate it. Looking back, I can imagine how silly I must have looked to him, being all frustrated on the other side of the road. I'm sure I looked like an idiot. And he'd called me one not in so many words. "Yeah, I guess I got a little frustrated."
"A little," he agreed and motioned for me to sit in the chair next to him.
I hesitated for a second, then decided I'd better do it. I didn't want to be on the sheriff's bad side. We sat in silence for a good thirty seconds. The only sound between us was the few cars driving by and the sound of his knife scraping against the cedar in his hand. "Is Jordan as frustrated as you?"
"I uh I don't know."
He shook his head. "You were in the car with her. How did she act? Was she upset over something?"
"I don't know if I should talk about your sister," I said, and I meant it.
His eyes found mine. He wasn't kidding now. "She's my sister, and I have every right to know. Was she upset? Did you make her upset?"
It occurred to me as I watched the knife gliding across the cedar that maybe he was trying to intimidate me. He knew I'd been in the car with her and he knew that I was upset. Put two and two together, and it stands to reason that she was upset too. He was being calm to bide his time.
That realization made my heart beat faster and sweat start to form on my forehead. "She's a little mad at me, yeah."
"Why? She barely knows you."
I really wanted him to stop whittling.
And I really didn't want to tell him the answer to that question. But by the way he looked at me, I had a very real feeling that he'd know if I weren't telling the truth. "I told her that I didn't think Oliver was a good person to date."
At first he didn't have any expression on his face, which didn't make me feel very confident that I'd said the right thing. Then, slowly, he concentrated on the cedar in his hand and carefully pulled the knife across it, making a curl of wood which fell to the floor. "Do you go to church, Mr. Scott?"
Out of all the questions or responses I expected from the sheriff, I never imagined that one. I had to stutter out an answer because the words wouldn't form correctly at first. "Uh yeah. I used to in Oklahoma. My father's a preacher."
Sheriff Rivers didn't look up. "Ours too."
 "Yeah. J told me."
With his pocketknife, he pointed down the road to the little white church at the end of the street. "See that church?"
I nodded and made a grunting sound to let him know, yeah I saw it.
"Our father's church. We went there all my life. The congregation kept voting him to stay, so we did. The main superintendent didn't like it much, but my father put his foot down. He said that was where he wanted to be and that was where he was staying."
"Where is he now?" I asked, still looking at the white structure. It honestly looked like one of those churches on a post card or even a Christmas card. A small, well-manicured yard, black shutters  from what I could tell. And three steps that led to the front entrance. I could see some flower beds that were getting ready to be planted with fall flowers. It wouldn't be long.
Sheriff Rivers turned back around and tilted his chair against the side of the police station. "He's still there."
I can't exactly describe how he said it, but it was very ominous. Something about it made me pause and know that maybe there was more to the story. "Still there, as in still the preacher?"
"Still there as in lying in a box in the ground behind the sanctuary."
I could have kicked myself. That's why he was J's guardian. Sometimes I didn't think. The only thing I knew to say was I'm sorry.
Sheriff Rivers shrugged. "Don't be. It's been a few years now. Died in his sleep. Oliver was at our house. He had just started dating Jordan. In fact, I'm not sure she could have made it though it without Oliver. He was there when I couldn't be. Our mother had died a few years before so I was the guardian now. I took that to mean I had to do everything to financially support her. Oliver took care of her emotionally."
Of course, I wondered what he was talking about, but I didn't ask. I let him keep talking, because frankly, I didn't want to cut him off. He seemed the type to get offended if I did. "So yeah, Oliver has his faults, one of which is having Victor as a father  but I guess he couldn't help that, could he? Just be easy on her and don't tell Jordan bad things about him. You don't know him and it's really none of your business. He helped Jordan when our dad died. I couldn't ask for anything more."
He took a big deep breath. "And you're the new guy. You don't have the same chemistry and history that Jordan has with Oliver, so drop it and don't try to break something up that doesn't need it."
"I'm not trying" I stammered.
"Sure you are. And it's not going to work."
He went right on whittling and from his body language, I knew this conversation was over. I wasn't entirely sure what happened. I hadn't meant to offend him or talk bad about Oliver. Had I talked bad about Oliver? Oh well.
"Nice to meet you," I said as I started back home across the street. J was still mad at me. I saw another lecture in my future.
Sheriff Rivers yelled my name and I faced him. "You aren't wrong about Oliver. As a person, I don't like him either. As my little sister's boyfriend, he's a good one."
I nodded and crossed the traffic. I supposed that was the way everything would be when it came to Oliver Weston. No one really liked him well, except maybe J, but they all 'liked' him. It was weird and strange and I wish I had the same effect on people. Imagine the kind of power you could have if people both loved and disliked you at the same time.
With a deep and heavy sigh, I opened the door to the foyer and immediately smelled bacon.
I know. It shocked me too. One it was well bacon. And two, it was after five at night. Who had bacon at five at night? "Mrs. Bainbridge?" I yelled and took a few tentative steps inside.
"In the kitchen!" she yelled. "Cooking some breakfast."
I had the same look you have. "For supper?"
"It's better then. You'll see. You are more than welcome to come down and eat! Starts at six."
Yes, that was all yelled through the walls. We had no tact at the Bainbridge house.
As it was, my stomach decided breakfast for supper would actually be a good change and that I would come down at six and take her up on her offer. Plus, it was free and I hadn't gotten paid yet this week. Tomorrow and work couldn't come fast enough. I sort of wished I had to work that night. It would have gotten me out of the house and my mind off of J out with Oliver and his house, mingling with the rich  talking  chatting  doing things dating people do that I didn't need to think about or it would make me mad, and I had no reason to be mad because J wasn't mine.
I should stop here and say that I'm not a crazy stalker person. I don't just fall head over heels for the first girl I see. I normally don't even fall head over heels at all. And if you want to know the honest truth about it, at the time, I didn't know I was falling for her. Now I can see it. Hindsight being 20/20 and all, but then... I don't know. I knew I liked her. I knew I didn't want her with Oliver.
I should have followed my gut instincts. We would have all been happier. I know I would have been. I would probably be with her right now. Not talking to you
No offense. You are great and it's helping I'm going to get back to the story now before I put my foot in my mouth some more.
Okay, so I walked up the stairs, well, limped if you want the correct word. Limped because my knee was killing me from all the walking on campus and the God-forsaken stairs.
God-forsaken. Let's go off on that tangent for a second. See, Sheriff Rivers asked me if I believed in God. If I was a church-going man. And I answered him yes. Yes, I was actually I said my father was a preacher which basically means the same thing. I went to church. I believed in God. I was saved at a very young age. You need to know all of that before we go on with this story. You need to know that I prayed and I had every faith that everything would turn out okay.
Here's the sixty-four thousand dollar question do I believe in God now? Three months later? I guess we'll have to get to that part, won't we?
I didn't have any of these thoughts as I climbed up the stairs. I did, however, remember just as I got to the landing on J's floor that she had been mad at me. And I wondered, for a split second, if she still was. I didn't have to wait long.
A shoe.
A SHOE.
A red shoe.
A red high heeled shoe.
Flew past my head.
I had to do this really cool Matrix move to keep the stiletto from impaling my eyeball.
Yep. Still mad.
I had a choice. Go up the stairs and sulk or go talk to the girl. Maybe apologize. I wish I could say it was an easy decision. A deadly object had been thrown at my head after all, but I decided I'd take the high road for once in my life and go apologize to her.
Didn't mean that I went in all confident, though. I have to say, I kept my hands up and sort of shuffled into the room. I mean, I knew enough to know that shoes came in pairs. Only one had zipped by my head. She had another one in there somewhere.
"J?" I said as I passed the threshold. "I take it you're still mad."
"What would give you that idea?" She huffed and pulled her towel tighter around her wet, naked body. Her black hair was piled on top of her head and her cheeks were rosy. A hot shower.
I can't tell you that I thought a coherent sentence when I saw her. I wasn't expecting that. I expected something. Okay, I expected at least clothing.
Being the gentleman I am, I turned my back to her after a good ten seconds when my legs would actually move again. I know I stuttered and my face had turned a very VERY dark shade of red. Thankfully, she couldn't see it.
"You threw a shoe at me." I held the instrument up to prove my point. I didn't, however, turn. Some people will argue that all teenaged guys only think of one thing. I beg to differ. Not that I didn't think about that, but it wasn't like that
"There it is!" she yelled, ran in front of me, grabbed the shoe, ran around so she could face me, and hugged my neck. Obviously not still mad.
Now, let me set the picture for you. An eighteen year old girl, very much in her prime, who had just gotten out of the shower, and was only in a towel, and her hair was up off her neck and dripping little droplets down her back was hugging me.
I'm good, but I'm not that good.
I hugged her back.
She looked up at me.
I looked down at her.
And for a second. The briefest of seconds, I had to fight very hard not to lean down and kiss her. It would have been wrong, of course. She was happy with Oliver, and like I keep saying, I hadn't known her long. But still her body was so warm from the hot shower and my fingers automatically slid to the small of her back.
For a second all the air was sucked out of the room. J looked up at me and something in her expression changed. I don't know what it was. I like to think that she saw something she liked. I felt my fingers forming little circles on the small of her back and I leaned closer toward her lips, unable to stop myself.
If I hadn't known better, I could have sworn that she rose up, just a little on her tiptoes to kiss me back.
As per my life, we were interrupted when J's couch cushion started singing. As if waking from a dream, she shook her head like she had to clear the cobwebs and went to answer it. I want to think our little encounter affected her as much as me, but I can't speak for her.
"It's Oliver," she said, reading the screen.
And my good mood faded.

Chapter Eight

I should probably tell you that I didn't pout the entire night. I didn't go up to my third floor apartment, throw on some old clothes and some even older sappy music. I should even tell you that I didn't look at the time on my phone every five seconds.
I have a reputation to uphold, if anyone cares about it. I had no reason to care that much about her at that moment, and I probably didn't know I was. I just knew I was a little bit more irritable than normal and would feel better when J got home. My fingers could still feel the softness of her back. More than anything, I wanted to feel it again. Though I knew it would take a miracle.
At around nine, I plopped on the couch with my books. I scanned the syllabi from each class okay, I mostly watched the television. It was some show about zombies my father talked about all the time.
Yes my preacher father liked zombie television shows. He was and still is a complex man.
Anyway so, I was sitting, reading, watching television, and checking my phone every little bit to see what time it was. I was multitasking.
After a few more minutes, I grumbled to myself, "How long do these stupid parties last?"
After a few more minutes, I tossed my book on the coffee table next to my other books, threw my head back against the couch all dramatically and sighed. "This is so stupid," I said, out loud, to myself.
Don't judge me.
It finally dawned on me how stupid I was acting. I'd just met the girl YESTERDAY! I didn't even really know her. It was none of my concern who she was out with. Even her sheriff brother said her boyfriend was okay. I needed to relax and get over it.
And I needed to get the picture of her freshly showered, towel-covered body out of my mind.
And how she felt when I hugged her
And how much I had wanted to kiss her
At the end of my sort of crazy rope, I decided I was a man and enough was enough. I decided to not check the time anymore and to just go on with my night. I had things to do. I had to get up early tomorrow for my second day of college. I had a life, and it didn't consist of sitting alone in my apartment at night waiting for my new roommate to clomp up the stairs.
That's why when my phone started vibrating, I ignored it at first. It was probably my mom calling to check on me, and I really didn't want to answer any questions. I'd call her tomorrow.
And it kept vibrating.
And I started feeling bad because hello, my mom.
I picked up the phone begrudgingly and saw the name.
Roomie.
Roomie? I hadn't okay, J must have put her number on my phone when we were standing around her car at school earlier, I reasoned. But I had no idea why she'd be calling me while on a date with the wonderful Oliver.
Still makes me sick.
Curious, I clicked the green button to say hello. J beat me to it.
"Emily! Get Josh down here now! Oliver's house. There's a body. I need police and an ambulance. Get my brother. Now, Emily! Get him here!"
Click.
Just like that.
My mind went into over drive. Emily? Emily was the name of the other dispatcher. The one who was working for J tonight so she could go to Oliver's. So J had meant to call 9-1-1, but had somehow gotten me instead? Not wanting to waste time, I got up and threw on some old, worn out sneakers. I didn't even bother changing clothes. I had on gray pajama bottoms and a white and reddish shirt with a black long-sleeved shirt tied around my waist in case it got cold. I was covered, that was all that mattered. Covered and I had to go.
I can't say I noticed my knee hurting as I ran down the two flights of stairs and into the foyer. I was out the door and across the street before I noticed I'd left my keys in my apartment.
Stupid.
Not wanting to waste time, I barged through the door of the police station, fully expecting to see J's brother.
Except I forgot that the man had to sleep sometime.
Some deputy I didn't recognize sat in his chair. He looked like a scared kitten when I flew in. I supposed except for the three murders in so many month months, Linley, Tennessee was a pretty quiet place to live. "Where is he? The sheriff?"
"At home." He sat up straighter in his chair. "I'm the officer in charge right now. Thomas Benton. What's wrong?"
Thomas Benton didn't look old enough to be an 'officer in charge'. "J Jordan called my phone. I think she meant to call 9-1-1, but she got me. She's in trouble."
"Who's in trouble?" A redhead peeked her head out from around the corner.
I asked if she was Emily and she nodded.
"J called my phone and asked for you. She said to get her brother to Oliver's house ASAP. Said they also needed an ambulance."
Emily looked at Thomas who did the same back at her.
Emily finally spoke up. "I'll call EMS and wake Sheriff Rivers. You go to Oliver's house and check it out."
Officer Benton nodded and grabbed his keys.
"I'm going with you," I said, not thinking for a second that he wouldn't let me. I was going, and he wasn't going to stop me.
"No. you stay here. Better yet, go back home. Thank you for telling me, but this is a police matter." He started to walk by me and I grabbed his arm to stop him.
Thomas's eyes widened again, this time not for fear or surprise well, maybe from surprise. He hadn't expected little ol' me to challenge him. I didn't let go, but I eased up my grip a little. "J is my friend. I'm the one she called."
"By accident." He had the niceness to remind me.
"Doesn't matter. I'm going. You can either let me ride in the cruiser or I go get my keys and follow you, but I'm going to make sure she's alright."
I guess Officer Benton decided I wasn't worth messing with. He didn't exactly give me the seal of approval, but he did start out the door and didn't rebuke me when I followed him to his cruiser.
"Buckle up," he said very matter of factly, very impersonal, as he put the car in reverse. Before I knew it, Officer Benton and I were on our way, sirens blasting, to Oliver Weston's mansion to see what in the world was wrong with J.
Oliver lived, I found out, on the other side of town, past the white church, past the supermarket, past the school and a few more minutes out on a huge piece of land and in an old plantation-style house. There is no real reason for me to tell you that, except I assume you want me to tell you. You seem the type that would care what his house looked like. It looked to be Civil War era I guess. Two stories. Big balcony. Probably cost more than I'd make in my lifetime.
Officer Benton's radio went off and he answered it. Apparently, Emily had gotten in touch with the sheriff and he'd meet us at Oliver's house.
I was pretty happy about that except I wanted to hurry and get there now. For whatever reason, fate, karma, Divine intervention, slippery fingers, J had called me. Not the dispatch. It couldn't be a coincidence well, it could have, but I didn't see it as one.
We finally got there and I jumped out of the car. I heard Officer Benton yelling behind me to stop, but I kept right on running, up the front stairs, onto the porch and right up to the front door where  I supposed I should have knocked  but I didn't. Instead, I barreled in, nearly taking some poor lady out with me.
"Excuse me!" she said all proper when she got the wind back in her.
Normally, I would feel bad about knocking someone down, especially a woman. I'm not like that. I don't hit or hurt or do anything like that to a woman.
I'm not like Oliver.
But in that moment, I just wanted to get to J as quickly as I could. I did, however, take a second to apologize. "I'm sorry. I didn't see you."
"I guess not, running in like that."
I had to cut off her admonishment. "Jordan Rivers. Is she here?"
The elderly lady dressed as a maid pointed to the left and said something, but I didn't wait to hear what it was. I also heard Officer Benton yelling behind me. Again, I didn't care. I had to see if J was okay. I needed to know.
I even yelled her name. I turned a corner and saw a group of people, important people by how they were dressed in suits and ties  I stuck out like a sore thumb. Most of me didn't care.
"J?" I asked again, this time not running.
The assembled turned a few at a time to me and backed away enough for me to see the lone girl crouched on the floor. The hem of her little black dress gently rubbed against the floor. I could tell, even from behind, that she was shaking. I never took my eyes off of her as I walked through the crowd toward her.
From my side vision I saw what looked like a bathroom with the door wide open.
Oliver was there. Of course he was. His arm was draped over J's shoulders, holding on to her as she shivered. At that moment, watching him hold her like that, I wanted to smack him. And I knew that if he'd had something to do with it, I would hurt him.
"J?" I said a third time.
That time, she turned her head to me. To her credit, her eyes weren't wet so she hadn't been crying, but something had surely upset her. "What are you doing here?" she asked, confused.
I bent down on her level, on the opposite side of Oliver. We had her sandwiched in. "You called me."
"You?"
I nodded. "You called me Emily and said I had to get help as quickly as I could."
"Emily is the other dispatcher." J told me.
"We met."
"When?" she asked.
"When I ran across the road and told her to send the police here."
My quick admission made Oliver take notice. "You called the cops?" I saw his fingers tighten on J's arm and her flinch just a bit.
Something in my mind clicked and I felt protective. I wanted to knock his hand right off of her, but before I could she beat me to it. "A dead body fell out of the closet right in front of me. Yeah. I called the cops."
It was the first time I had ever truly been proud of her. "There's a dead body?"
Oliver opened his mouth, but J beat him to it. "A girl. In there." She pointed to the bathroom with a shaking finger. "She fell out of the closet when I was looking for a hand towel."
"Scott!" Officer Benton yelled behind me, making me flinch. I'd actually forgotten I'd ridden with him. "I told you to wait."
I didn't answer and Benton didn't dwell on it.
"Where's Victor Weston?" the officer asked.
There was a pause and no one said a word.
It hit me as strange that the owner of Weston Enterprises wasn't front and center at a Weston Enterprises party at his own house. Especially at a party where the police had to be called.
Just as I thought that, a stately man I say stately because he was an imposing feller with salt and pepper hair and chiseled good looks. All in all, very handsome for an older guy. He was clean shaven and the way he walked oozed authority. "I'm right here, Officer. Had some business to take care of in the back."
"Did this business have anything to do with a dead body?" Benton asked with his own authority. I was actually slightly amazed that this little runt of an officer had the gall to talk like that to a man as influential as I assumed Victor Weston to be. Then again, from the few minutes I'd known Benton, I didn't see him as person who cared much about some else's station in life.
"No," Victor said matter-of-factly. "I was only told of it a second ago. That's why I came."
"So you haven't seen it?" Benton asked, his hand relaxed on his weapon.
"I thought I made that clear, Officer." Victor's voice had an edge to it. "Where's the sheriff?"
Benton told Victor he was on his way. Victor let Benton know in no uncertain terms that he would answer questions only from the sheriff. From the corner of my eye, I saw Benton's face redden, but he never flinched. Something told me he was used to people throwing their weight around with him.
They didn't have to wait long. I heard the sheriff's voice before I saw him, though to be fair, I was more focused on J than him anyway. Oliver had stood by that time, clearly upset about J pushing him away. I took a split second to look up at him. His jaw  which resembled his father's  was set and his eyes were dark. He cut his eyes to his father then back down to J.
I heard Victor clear his throat and give his son a look that said, to me, "Shut up. I'll handle this." No one else saw it, though. They had all turned to listen to the sheriff. Even J had straightened her posture.
Maybe I'm projecting. Maybe Victor's expression wasn't meant to say that to his son. Maybe given what I know now, I'm just putting my own spin on things.
Maybe but it's doubtful. I think Victor knew. Even then, he knew.
But I'm getting ahead of myself again. I'm sorry. You said start at the beginning and I keep going to the middle and the end.
The end, I don't want to think about.
The middle that'll be for another time.
The beginning.
The sheriff walked in and got everyone's attention. Benton didn't flinch, but did step back and allow the senior officer to take the floor. The sheriff stared at Victor for a few seconds, clearly sizing up the situation. Then, to my surprise, he turned his attention to his sister. "Are you hurt, Jordan?"
She shook her head and said she was fine. She grabbed my hand my hand and I helped her stand.
And she didn't let go once she stood either.
J held on like I was her lifeline. Like she needed something concrete to tether her down or maybe even to keep her from passing out. Whatever it was, she chose me over her boyfriend. Over Oliver Weston who was standing not two feet from her. I noticed. He noticed. I think even the sheriff noticed.
I'm still not sure J noticed.
"I got a call from dispatch. Seems something is going on here, Mr. Weston. Care to fill me in?"
Victor pointed at J. "Ask her. She found it and alerted the authorities."
"Found what?" Sheriff Rivers asked as he got in front of J and leaned down so his eyes were level with hers. "What did you see, Jordan?"
Her voice didn't shake, but she squeezed my hand tighter. "In there. I was washing my hands and didn't see any towels. I didn't want to wipe them on my dress. It's new. So I opened the linen closet. That's when she fell out."
"She?" The sheriff put his hands on her shoulders like Oliver had done, but he didn't squeeze as hard as her boyfriend had. J didn't flinch.
"The girl," she said and leaned a little bit more into me.
Victor started into the bathroom, but the sheriff blocked him. He motioned for him to stand outside and wait. If, in real life, smoke could in fact blow out of people's ears, it would have been through Victor Weston's right at that moment.
There kept being this unspoken communication between the father and son. Finally, the elder Weston smiled at the assembled guests. "I'm sorry, friends. We need to let the police do their work. Please accept my apologies. We will have to continue this dinner another time."
Several of the men asked what was going on and who the girl was. Victor never wavered. He never stopped. He never quit playing host.
I stayed with J. She held onto my hand, but I don't think she meant to. I think it was a reflex. A safety device. I held her hand too, to make her feel safe and taken care of. And to know that someone else was with her. Not just that SOB Oliver.
Speaking of Oliver, he didn't take very kindly to me holding his girl's hand. But being the gentleman he was, didn't say anything. Not then anyway. I got to hear about it later.
In the bathroom, Sheriff Rivers crouched near the body. I couldn't see her. Not fully. Just a bare leg. Not even a shoe. Her black skirt was pulled up over her knee and a few flecks of blood could see be seen on her calf.
"Who is it?" J asked from my side.
The sheriff didn't say anything at first. He kept examining her. Oliver took the opportunity to put his arm back around J. It had to be weird for her. Holding my hand while the boyfriend, albeit an evil boyfriend, had his arm around her. For the first time in a long while, J seemed to notice what she was doing  i.e. holding my hand. She let it go, which I wasn't happy about.
But what did at least make me smile was when she pulled away from Oliver too and walked into the bathroom with her brother.
If looks could kill, I'd have been as dead as the girl on the bathroom floor.
Oliver was a little taller than me, but he looked down on me like I was an ant that needed to be squashed.
Officer Benton had cleared out the room, but I heard talking coming from outside. No doubt each of the assembled had tweeted about the event, putting their own spin on it of course. Even with a dead person a few feet away, Oliver wasn't thinking about her.
He pivoted so his back was to the sheriff and J. He whispered, "Stay away from her."
Not to be outdone, I told him. "She called me, remember?"
Oliver smirked. "By accident. She doesn't want you here. No one does."
And I couldn't leave well enough alone. I probably should have, looking back on it, but I couldn't. Not then. "Sure seemed like she wanted me here when she was holding my hand and not yours."
Wrong thing to say.
I didn't think Oliver's eyes could get darker. He got closer to my ear, and when he spoke, his voice had gotten deeper. "Jordan is mine. Not yours. Will never be yours. And if you try to get between us, it won't be pleasant for you. But thanks for coming." He slapped me hard enough on the back for me to cough. It was enough to get my attention, and it was enough to make me mad.
If I had my time to do over again, I would have hauled off and strangled him. Then there would have been two dead bodies in the house. Maybe it wasn't very Christianly to think that, but my father was the preacher, not me. I guess J could say the same thing.
As it was, I clinched my fists into a ball and gritted my teeth. A prayer flew from my mind toward heaven. I say it that way because it wasn't like I had the thought, "Oh, let me pray right now." No, I hadn't prayed in a long time. And it wasn't even a long prayer. It was more of a "God, don't let me do something I'd regret."
So despite my better judgment, I didn't kill him. I didn't hit him. I just let him walk into the bathroom with J and the sheriff. And I went to sit down on the couch.
Alone.

Chapter Nine

The girl in the bathroom turned out to be Kalynn Rogers. She was the Weston's maid. Oliver ID'ed her and so did Weston Senior. A bunch more cops came. An ambulance was sent away. It wasn't needed. Kalynn had been dead for at least an hour.
I blended into the background there on the couch. It was like I wasn't even there, and I guess, to those people, I wasn't. The sheriff was busy with the crime scene. Oliver and his father were over in a corner talking. There seemed to be some tension going on, but they were trying very hard to cover it up.
Now, I of course, couldn't know that at the time. I couldn't read their minds, but I've always been really good at reading body language. And those men's body languages said 'stressed out'. I never heard a word they said. Not one. They were careful to keep their voices low and not throw suspicion on themselves. Everyone else was so busy around that they didn't notice the tension or old man Weston leaving the room and Oliver pacing like a caged lion. They didn't see Oliver rake his fingers through his hair, rubbing his stubbly beard, and ball up his fist like he wanted to hit something.
But I saw.
And when Oliver's eyes met mine, he saw too.
J and the sheriff came out of the bathroom and let some others go in. The 'others' I assumed were from the coroner's office. Maybe some other officers, though I couldn't imagine Linley had many officers. Probably didn't have much of a need.
Besides the three other murders, I figured Linley didn't have much in the way of crime.
I was right.
But it wouldn't stay that way.
Thinking about it, I wondered  in passing  if maybe the four murdered women had something in common. A banker, a morgue attendant, a waitress and now the Weston's maid.
If I had thought harder, much harder, and if I had kept my mind on the facts and not on how pretty J looked walking out of the bathroom  how she walked past Oliver without giving him a second glance  If I had only concentrated, I could have figured it out. I was an English major after all. I wanted to be a mystery writer. I knew how to thread a puzzle together. Almost like a detective, only without the issues of real people and real bodies.
As it was, I forgot all about the other three murders at that moment and focused solely on J. Her hair had fallen down around her face and her lipstick had nearly disappeared. It was fine with me. I liked her better natural anyway.
Standing up to greet her seemed like the right thing to do, though I suppose there isn't a total 'right' way to do things when it came to situations like that.
"Are you okay?" I asked after shoving my hands toward my pants pockets, then realizing I had on pajama bottoms and not blue jeans, which sort of embarrassed me a little. All these men in their suits. J in her pretty black dress. And me in my pajamas.
But it wasn't about me, was it?
She smiled slightly and nodded.
The sheriff spoke before anyone else could. "I'll get Benton to take you two home. I'll come over later tonight and get your statement, okay, Jordan?"
She turned around to stay something to him, and Oliver  sweet, psychotic Oliver  beat her to it. "I can take her home. I brought her after all."
The sheriff's jaw did the same thing as mine  stiffened. "I don't think that's such a good idea. You'll be questioned too and I don't want anyone to think you two worked on your story."
I don't know if the sheriff or J saw it, but I definitely did. Oliver's eyes dilated just a bit. Just enough to give me pause, and for the first time  sadly  it made me think about what had happened here. It wasn't about me and J, or even Oliver for that matter. It was about that dead girl in the bathroom. Someone had killed her.
It was a murder investigation. And J would have to give a statement since she found the body.
And Oliver, I supposed, because he lived in the house and the young woman was one of his maids.
Oliver his dad all the other staff and everyone else at the party. They would all have to be questioned. I hoped their stories lined up, and I hoped they found the killer. If there was a killer  though since she fell out of the closet, I assumed someone had placed her in it.
Anyway, I've gone off topic.
Oliver offered to take J home and the sheriff clearly wasn't happy about it. "Thanks, Oliver. But I need to get your statement first."
Oliver tilted his head. "Why?"
"Because you live here. I can get Jordan's later at home. Logistics and all. In fact," the sheriff tapped Officer Benton on the shoulder, "can you please take Jordan and Walker home now. I need to have a chat with Oliver."
"I need my father present," young Mr. Weston said. I pictured him with his nose up like a stuck up person. Or a parakeet. Or a fine, arrogant British gentleman.
The sheriff had an answer for everything. "You are over eighteen. We don't need your father present. We can, however, have a lawyer present if you'd feel more comfortable, but it is just routine. We have to interview everyone. Not single anyone out."
It took a few seconds, but Oliver finally resigned himself to the fact that he had to be questioned like everyone else. "I'll call you later." He bent down and kissed J's cheek.
I wanted to throttle him.
And I had no right to think it.
Not at that time anyway.
I think somehow I knew even then, I knew that Oliver Weston shouldn't be around J. But I had no right to say anything. Like I keep saying. I barely knew her even if I had seen her almost naked.
"Okay," J said and kissed Oliver on the cheek. When she started out the door, Oliver had the audacity to smirk at me. Like he knew I had some sort of feelings for the girl. He couldn't know heck, I didn't know. Maybe he just liked that he won that particular match. He did have a tendency to like things like that.
Sheriff Rivers patted me on the shoulder and motioned for me to leave behind J. So, I did.
I might sound paranoid to you, but I could feel Oliver's eyes boring holes in the back of my neck with every step I took away with J. One thing I could gather very quickly about him, he was very possessive of what he thought was his. I never thought of a girl as mine before. It seemed so strange to me. A girl was her own person with her own ideas, friends life. Oliver didn't have the same ideals as I had. I knew it then. I learned it later.
When we got to Officer Benton's police car, I just assumed J would get in the front seat and I'd get in the back like a criminal. But you know what they say about assuming things. To my surprise, J climbed in the back of the cruiser with me. I looked at Benton. He looked at me and shrugged. It seemed ungentlemanly to get in the front seat myself. I didn't want people to take pictures of her in the back of a squad car and assume that she had done something wrong or had been involved with the death of that girl.
So I slid in the back seat with her.
To be totally honest, it was the first time I'd ever been in the back of a police car. I can't say I liked it much, but I tried not to freak out about it. It was just like a taxi a taxi with windows that couldn't roll down, a driver with a gun, and lots of technical equipment in the front seat.
I can do this I had to keep thinking to myself. It wasn't like it was a terribly long ride home.
We left and I watched Weston Manor turn smaller and smaller behind us. More officers arrived. I assumed to question the rest of the crowd.
"Are you okay?" I whispered to J, not really wanting Officer Benton to hear our conversation. I can't say why I didn't want him to hear. I guess I was just a bit paranoid at the time.
"Fine," she said and hugged her arms around herself. It was August, but I could tell she was freezing. I hoped she wouldn't go into shock.
Not taking the time to even think that she wouldn't want it, I took off the long sleeved shirt I had tied around my waist and draped it over her shoulders. She hesitated for a second then settled under it and mouthed 'Thank you'.
She didn't say anything else on the way home and neither did I. I wanted to put my arm around her, hold her, tell her everything would be alright, but I chickened out. What if she didn't want me to? What if she yelled at me or something? She was with Oliver, after all. Not me.
So we sat in a strange sort of silence until we got to Main Street and our apartment. I thanked Officer Benton for the ride home. He said no problem and implied that he would probably go back to the crime scene. J flinched at the words crime scene. To her it had been a party, something fun. I don't think she wanted to think of the negative.
Officer Benton left and I helped J walk to the door. Thankfully, J hadn't forgotten her keys. I opened the door and helped her inside. Mrs. Bainbridge ran out of her room to meet us. She'd heard about a death at Oliver Weston's house and got worried. J assured her she was okay, but I could tell she wasn't. I think Mrs. Bainbridge could too, but she didn't push her. She just smiled and kissed J on the cheek. J smiled back, though halfhearted, and started up the stairs to her room.
When I started to follow along, Mrs. Bainbridge gently laid her hand on my arm. "Watch her," she mouthed so J couldn't hear.
I nodded and, feeling at home for the first time since I'd moved to Linley, kissed Mrs. Bainbridge on the cheek. In a short time, I'd grown to love that woman. Love her like a grandmother.
Looking back, I'd grown to love a lot in Linley in such a short amount of time. Some would call it lust not after Mrs. Bainbridge, or at least I hope not after Mrs. Bainbridge, but after J. I would call it the beginning stages of love. At least, I'd call it love then. I don't know that I'd call it love now.
All I knew at the time, at that very moment, was that I wanted to do my best to take care of J and make it all better for us. I knew she'd had a horrible day  first day of school on top of finding a dead girl.
I followed her up the stairs to her room. It hit me as I climbed the stairs that my knee was still killing me. I hadn't thought about it at Oliver's. Maybe it did have some sort of psychosomatic stuff to it? I didn't have the time or the desire to think about it right then. I thought about it a lot later, though. And now I have no excuse for a limp.
But that's for the last bit of this, isn't it? You only wanted the beginning.
I stopped at J's room. Her door stood wide open as usual. She took off her high-heeled black shoes and sank down onto her couch.
I had two choices: stand outside and talk or go upstairs and go to bed. Tomorrow wouldn't be any easier in college. It would still technically be a first day since I'd never been to those classes before and it was getting late.
I chose option three.
"Rough day." It wasn't a question. I said it as I strolled under her threshold and toward where she was sitting.
To her credit, J didn't throw me out.
She smirked sadly at my juvenile assessment of the day. "Yeah. You could say that." She pulled my long-sleeved shirt from around her shoulders and handed it back to me.
Without an invitation, I sat next to her on the couch and sank into the cushions. Okay. This couch was way too comfortable. I'll say it again. Either that or I was dog-tired. I think it had something to do with both because my eyes started getting heavy. I hesitated a few seconds, not really knowing what to say.
Finally, I decided to stop being a coward and ask her exactly what happened at Oliver's.
She took a deep breath and cracked the tension in her neck. When I'd decided that I had asked the wrong questions, she started talking. "I was getting tired of being there. It was boring. Most of the parties Oliver takes me to are. A bunch of stiff stuck ups his father knows, chatting. Oliver likes to chat too and he likes to show me off by his side. I don't mind much." She shrugged. "He's good at it. Mingling I mean. He's a natural. But the parties aren't my type of thing. I'd rather be here in my old clothes, reading or something like that."
"Party animal," I tried to kid.
"I know, right?" When she smiled, I smiled. "Anyway, it was right after supper. They were still mingling and I was getting tired. So, like I normally do, I excused myself to go to the restroom to 'freshen up'. Really I just go in there to have ten minutes to chill. There's always so many people, it's like I can't breathe."
I could understand that.
Once she started talking, it was like she couldn't stop. "So, there I was. Enjoying the quiet when I saw the linen closet opened just a bit. I didn't think much about it at the time. I knew Ruby, the older maid lady, had quit a few days before and they had hired a new girl who probably didn't know that Mr. Weston only accepted perfection. He would have died if he'd seen the door open no pun intended," she added as an afterthought.
"None," I said in my abnormally raspy voice. It only got that low when I had a cold or when I was nervous. I didn't think I was nervous around J, but I guess my body was.
If she noticed the change in my tone, she didn't mention it. Then again, it would have been strange, bordering on rude, to say, Hey, dude what's up with your new husky voice.
Instead, she pulled the barrette out of her hair and let it cascade around her face. She hid behind it. I'm not sure if she knew she was hiding her tears or if it just happened. It didn't work, though. Even with her hair blocking her face, I could still see everything. I could still hear the sadness in her voice. But, like always, she wanted to protect me. She always protected me. Or at least, tried to. Even when there was nothing she could do, she tried.
Not looking at me, she continued with her story. "I decided to wash my hands and noticed there wasn't a hand towel next to the sink like Mr. Weston demands. I didn't want the new girl to get in trouble. I know how difficult Oliver's dad can be, so I thought I'd be nice and help out."
She lowered her head, making her dark hair cascade around her face more.
I couldn't take it anymore. I needed to see her and let her know that no matter what, it would be okay. I'd take care of her. As easily as I could, I reached up and raked her hair behind her ear. She looked at me for a split second, then back to her fingers.
"What happened next?" I asked.
She sighed. "It wasn't like it was a spectacular point in time. I turned around, opened the door. It was already open so I didn't have to use the handle and then plop. She just fell out on the floor."
"Was she standing or sitting? You know. Before she fell." I asked. Not sure why. I guess to keep her talking.
"Sitting. I guess. Leaned against the door maybe. She fell. Her eyes were fixed open, looking at nothing. But I felt for a pulse anyway. She was cold, but not freezing, know what I mean?"
"So she hadn't been dead long?" I asked.
She shook her head, undoing my good deed of putting her hair behind her ear. So I put her hair back again. It was becoming a habit, one I didn't mind doing.
"I don't think so. I thought about doing CPR, but her lips were already blue and with no pulse I don't know. I panicked. Maybe I'm not cut out for law enforcement."
Since I'd already touched her hair twice, I decided to heck with it. I put my fingers under her chin and turned her face toward me. I wanted to, but I didn't let my fingers linger. "Anybody would have panicked. I would have."
"You are going to school to be a writer," she teased. It was nice to hear her tease.
"Still I would freak out if I saw what you saw."
She bit her lip and started rocking very slowly. I mean, she wasn't rocking like she was in a rocking chair, but she was obviously trying to comfort herself without me knowing what she was doing. Protecting me again.
"She had on a black skirt and shirt. Short-sleeved like mine. The top part of her hair had been pulled back. I mean, she was the maid, but she had dressed up nice for the party. I guess Victor had given her a talking to about looking nice for the guests. Except for her eyes, vacant, she looked normal. I mean, she hadn't been hacked to death. I didn't even see much blood. Just a small gash on her forehead. But she had bruises around her neck."
I knew what that meant. Didn't have to be a law major to know that.
"Strangled."
"Yeah. Not like the other girls." J shifted her legs under herself. "Like I said. I panicked. I pulled out my phone and I thought pushed 9-1-1, but I guess I got you. You are number 9 on my speed dial. Guess I hit the wrong button."
I thought back to that call and how scared I'd been. I didn't want anything bad to happen to J.
It took everything I had not to wrap my arm around her and pull her to me. I wanted to comfort her, be there for her, and tell her it would be alright, even though I knew, to her, it wouldn't be.
After we'd sat there for a few seconds, I decided to screw it. I put my arm around her and pulled her against me. To my surprise, she didn't pull away. She sank against my chest almost like she needed me to hold her.
I put my lips to her hair, not sure if you would call it a kiss or not. I didn't. Not yet anyway. "If you need to talk, I'm right here. I'll listen."
"Jordan." We both heard the familiar voice from the open door. He didn't sound happy.
"Oliver," she said, pushing me away and standing. "Did you give your statement to Joshua?"
He nodded and walked in with his hands behind his back. If I had to guess, knowing what I know now, his fists were probably balled up and he was ready to throttle me. As it was, he remained calm. "I did. He'd talking to my dad and a few other guests now. I'm not sure why. I had nothing to do with her death."
"It's your house. He just wants to be thorough," J said. I noticed how her shoulders slumped when she talked to him. Like she knew she should slink back or something. I hated it. Hated how she acted around him. It wasn't right.
"I suppose," he said with a fake smile plastered on his lips. "Anyway. It's done. And I'm wired. I came over to see how you were and if you'd like to go out and have some pie with me."
I think we both had the same flabbergasted reaction. Hers was verbal. Mine was more of a raised eyebrow and an 'are you serious' eye roll. Oliver never gave me a second glance. "Pie or whatever you'd like for dessert. It's been a rough day for you, Jordan. I want to help you make it better."
He held out his hand. "Please."
I'd like to say that she didn't fall for it. That she smacked him and ran into my arms, but she didn't. I think she was thinking about telling him no, but before she could, Oliver's phone rang in the breast pocket of his suit.
He answered it and his eyes got huge. "They did what? He what?"
J turned and looked at me on the couch. I did the same for her and shrugged. A second later, he ended the call and looked like he wanted to throw the phone across the room. "He confessed."
"Who?" asked J.
"My father." His eyes were wide. "He confessed to killing that girl. The sheriff has taken him in."
J shook her head. "Why why would he do that? And why would he confess so quickly?"
"Why does my father do anything?" Oliver had a hard tone to his voice. One of a son who didn't really appreciate his father. Or a spoiled brat or both.
"I'm so sorry," J said. She gave him a huge hug. Oliver hugged her back, very tightly too tightly in my opinion. "Do you need a place to stay tonight? What about your mom?"
I didn't like the sound of that. By the look Oliver gave me, he liked it very much. "My mom was in Thailand, last I heard. I'll get Trevor to find her number if it comes to that. I don't see her caring much. In fact, she'd probably say she told us so."
J put her hands on either side of Oliver's chiseled face and I thought I'd be sick. "I don't think she will. I've known your family since I can remember. I don't see how he could have done this. I don't see how he could have killed someone, much less a young girl."
Oliver put his hands on J's and moved them off his face. "Kalynn was your age. Hardly a young girl. Oh man, I have to call her parents." He sat down on the couch like his dog had just died, but I had a feeling he couldn't have cared less about Kalynn. She was the help. He probably didn't even know her last name.
J sat down between us, but she turned toward Oliver. "Joshua will do that. He'll probably have to do some sort of official police business or something."
"I'm sorry," Oliver said, holding her hand. "I never should have asked for you to have the night off. I stuck my nose where it didn't belong and it wasn't fair to you. Look what happened."
J smiled. "I don't think you could have foreseen murder."
He shrugged. "Maybe not. But still. I'm sorry."
I couldn't take any more, just like I can't stand talking about it anymore now. "Well, if you are okay, J, I'll go on upstairs. Early morning tomorrow. I'll drive tomorrow if you want."
She opened her mouth to say something, but Oliver beat her to it. "If I'm spending the night, I can take her. It's no big deal, but hey" He extended his hand. "Thanks for everything."
His eyes were dark and I knew he was just doing this grand gesture thing for J's benefit. It took everything I had to smile back. My jaw hurt the next morning from clinching it so hard, but I did it. I smiled and I shook his hand. And then we both squeezed each other's hands like it was a competition. I'm secure enough to admit Oliver won. And he was bastardly enough to acknowledge it with a wink. One J couldn't see of course.
I couldn't look at J before I left. I should have I guessed. It wasn't like I had any reason or right to be mad at her. She was just doing what she thought was right. She was supporting her boyfriend and not cheating on him with the guy upstairs. In any other girl, I would have been proud. In this case, I wanted to go upstairs and forget any of this night had happened. What a sorry way to start your college career.
Without a second glance at J, I turned and walked out of her apartment, sure to slam the door behind me. Okay, I didn't mean to slam it as hard as I did, but it happened. Even then, I knew I didn't like Oliver, and I sure didn't like leaving him with J. Had I known then what I know now
But I guess I say that a lot, don't I? The point of all this is that I didn't know. I had a hunch, a gut feeling, but nothing I could pinpoint. At the time, I assumed it was because I wasn't over Lauren yet and wanted to move on with J. It was a rebound nothing more. Or so I convinced myself then.
With my tail firmly planted between my legs and my knee killing me, I went up to my apartment and slammed my own door. Mrs. Bainbridge would probably yell at me about it in the morning. Another swell day.
Since I was already in my pajamas, I went straight to bed and climbed under my covers. I figured I'd be so tired, I'd go to sleep easily, but I couldn't. The ceiling became very interesting, or at least, the parts I could see of it from the streetlights coming through my windows.
It wasn't just J downstairs with Oliver  in her apartment  all night, that was bothering me, though that had a big part in it. No, something about the dead girl bothered me. Something wasn't right about it. Why would Oliver's father automatically confess? There wasn't even an investigation? What was with all the secret talks between Victor and Oliver while the sheriff was looking at the body? And why would Victor kill a girl in the middle of a very public party for the rich and influential of Linley? It didn't make sense.
I found out later, the sheriff had the same concerns, but he also had a confession and newspapers drooling over this story. And the public, who wanted to try and convict Oliver's dad overnight. The public might like celebrities, but they like to watch them fall more. Especially when that 'celebrity' is a rich, influential person in the community. No telling how many of those 'lowly lower class' people he'd ticked off or stepped on during his rise to the top.
But like I said, I knew none of that then.
Hindsight is an interesting thing. You can see so clearly months, even years later. You know exactly what you should have done and how you could have prevented things from happening. You know how you could have protected the ones you lo
You know how things could have ended differently if you had made different choices.
Hindsight. God's curse to us all.
That's how I got here today. That's how I got to talking to you. Hindsight. Wrong choices made. Lives ruined.
If I could go back and do it all over again, I wouldn't have stayed in that bed. I would have run downstairs and forced Oliver to leave. I would have confessed my feelings  new as they may have been  to J and held her close. I would have done a lot of things differently.
As it was, I just lay there, staring at the ceiling. Fuming about things I didn't like and worried about what tomorrow would bring.
I know now, three months later, what tomorrow would bring.
It brought a man with the biggest black heart I'd ever seen, and the beginning of the end for the girl who took me by surprise out of the blue.

****

Walker Scott raked his hands through his ear-length blonde hair and leaned on his blue jean-covered knees. Letting out a breath, he was glad that was over. The confession. The beginning. He hadn't talked about it. Not to anyone. Not since it happened. But now he was there, sharing with the doctor.
The doctor who just sat there and scribbled.
"So," the doctor said. "What happened the next day?"
Walker looked at his watch and smirked. "Guess we'll have to get into that next session."


To be continued in The Black HeartHindsight #2

About the Author

Kelly Martin a southern girl who writes... a lot. She is the author of six Young Adult novels. Her favorite reviews are from the people who 'know' they aren't going to like her books... but end up loving them :) She loves God, is addicted to chocolate, and would rather write than sleep. Kelly loves a good mystery and believes in Sherlock Holmes.

You can find her at kellymartinbooks.blogspot.com
She's also on Twitter: @martieKay
On Facebook: www.facebook.com/pages/Kelly-Martin-Author/136506059763138
And on Tumblr: http://martiekay.tumblr.com/
Find more of her books on her Amazon author page: http://www.amazon.com/Kelly-Martin/e/B009O5CZL4/ref=ntt_athr_dp_pel_1

Reviews are always appreciated.

Coming in June  Hindsight #2: The Black Heart



You wanted the beginning, so I gave it to you. All the sorry details. How I met J how I moved in how I fell  And now you want to know what happens next. 
You want to know what happened with Oliver's father, and Oliver too if I had my guess. And you want to know who really killed the maid. The girl. Kalynn Rogers. Because only a fool would believe Oliver's father did it.
And you aren't a fool. 
You know things don't add up.
You know that his heart is black. You know what he is capable of.
Well, you do now. And I know now... if only I had known then.
Hindsight and all that.
You want the rest of the story? Well, I'm here to give it. I'll tell you about ending up in jail... and that first kiss. I'll tell it all to you.
And you won't like it. But you'll finally understand why I did what I did.
ALSO FROM KELLY MARTIN

CROSSING THE DEEP

Sixteen year old Rachel Harker expects the church sponsored hiking trip in the Smoky Mountains to be short and painless. Four days later, injured and scared, Rachel prays to just make it home alive.
Asher Jenkins, fellow hiker and handsome skeptic who is only on the hike so he doesn't have to go home and face his abusive 'uncle', finds Rachel in the woods and tries to get her back to Deep Creek Trail. A small hole hidden under the fall leaves causes her ankle to twist and forces Asher to leave her to get help. As night falls, he comes back, unable to find the right trail.
As hours stretch into days, an unexpected rainstorm bears down the mountain, flooding Deep Creek and cutting off their way home. Rachel puts all of her faith in God to save them. Asher thinks believing in God is a waste of time and does what he can to prove to Rachel that He doesn't exist.
With their food gone and the temperature dropping, time is running out. Will Rachel be able to do what needs to be done to get home? And can Asher find faith when he needs it the most?


SAINT SLOAN (Sloan Series 1)

On the day before Sloan's 18th birthday, her dream of having a day is shattered. Home alone after spending the afternoon working on a science project at the new boy's house, Sloan is brutally attacked in her kitchen by a man she can't recognize. The only clue she has to go on is what he whispers in her ear, "You deserve this."
The police have one suspect--Aaron Hunter, older brother of 'the new boy', who picked Sloan up a few nights before as she ran from a party. Adamant that he didn't do it, Aaron begs Sloan to believe him. For her part, Sloan doesn't know who to trust. She never saw her attacker's face, and when she does picture it, it's Aaron's face she sees standing over her.
Trying to move on is impossible with a former best friend who taunts her and gives her the moniker, "Saint Sloan", an ex-boyfriend who doesn't understand why she changed a few months before her attack, and Aaron's brother, Ray, who makes Sloan smile but has a side she doesn't understand.
With her attacker ready to strike again, Sloan has to figure out who would hurt her and stop him before he finishes what he started.
Happy birthday to her


SAVING SLOAN (Sloan Series 2)

Sloan Bridges is doing her best to move on from a horrible attack that left her scarred, literally. Her attacker is in a wheelchair awaiting trial. With him out of her life, she focuses on other things like school, Prom, and those Hunter boys.
Someone won't allow her to be happy.
On Sunday, she receives five long stem roses and a note in the front seat of her locked car: Five days before the fall.
What the fall is, she has no idea. Whatever it is, it doesn't sound good. Every day, Sloan gets one less rose and another note. No one else sees them, though, and they think she's either losing her mind or taking too much pain medicine.
She knows better. With the countdown nearly complete, can Sloan figure out who is threatening her before someone she loves pays with his life?


THE DECEPTION OF DEVIN MILLER

One month ago, seventeen year old Devin Miller wrecked while intoxicated or so she's told by the sightly ticked off blue-eyed boy when she wakes up from a coma. The only thing Devin remembers is the darkness holding her down and the voices  some happy, some upset, and one very agitated. She can't remember her name, her age, where she lives, or who in the world the blue-eyed boy is. But he knows her and against her better judgment, she offers to pay him for his memories so she can trick the ones closest to her into thinking she's fine.
That is her first mistake.
When Devin gets home, the deception is harder than she thought. People she doesn't know keep talking to her. Trey (the blue-eyed boy) doesn't show up like he said he would. And the police want to talk to her about her involvement with the car accident. Plus she keeps seeing flashes of the wreck, but none of them make sense. What would a red plastic cup have to do with anything? And why can't she seem to trust the people she is supposed to trust the most?
Facing DUI charges for a wreck she can't recall, Devin fights to remember exactly what happened the night of the crash: something the real driver desperately wants her to forget permanently.
Who is really doing the deceiving?


THE AFTERLIFE OF LIZZIE MONROE (Life Series 1)

If Shane Davis had it to do over again, he wouldn't have gone out that night. He wouldn't have burned down the church. And he sure wouldn't have taken the annoying dead girl home with him.
Now that Shane has her, he has no idea what to do with her. He can't release her into the "wild" because people will recognize her (being a hundred and fifty year old town 'legend' will do that). He can't send her away because she can't take care of herself yet. And she can't stay because if people find her, they'll know he burned the church. Being eighteen now, Shane definitely doesn't want that fact coming out.
Unbeknownst to Shane, someone has figured out the girl's secret and will do anything to get it for himself even kill the girl who isn't so immortal after all.
