THE DEFENDER
NUMBER ONE: ELDERWOOD
by
Robert Collins


Ebook Edition
Copyright  2014 by Robert Collins


Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
TABLE OF CONTENTS



One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
About the Author
ONE




Allan ran.
Hed been running for three days. He thought at the end of the first day the guards would give up. Early into the second day of his flight from Elderwood Ford, he passed by a village. He didnt know the name of the village, but he did know that it was at the far western edge of the domain of the Lord of Elderwood. Beyond that the Lord, and the Lords guardsmen, had no authority. Or so Allan had hoped.
By the middle of the morning, Allan saw that his hope was dashed. Six guardsmen were still following him, five on foot, and their leader on horseback. They had left moving steadily west, trying to pick up his trail. Allen kept running.
He slept as best he could up in a tree that night. The next morning he decided to keep running. He wasnt going to waste time with hope and observation. He would keep going.
He wished he could stop running. He wished he could turn himself into the guards. He wished he could return to the city, and make his case. Foolish wishes all, he told himself. The man who killed Elena because she refused him did nothing of the sort. If I hadnt avenged her, no one else would have.
On the third day of his escape from Elderwood Ford, Allan stopped late in the afternoon. Unlike his stop on the second day, it wasnt to look behind him. Hed picked up the rough outline of an old road earlier that day. The road dated back to the time of the mages, and the wars to end their terror. The road consisted of paving stones, and sections of dirt where stones had been removed. It was regular enough to follow, and smooth enough that he could make good time.
Allan stopped because the road had almost come to an end. Ahead of him was a castle, or more truthfully, the ruins of a castle. Allan had no idea what it looked like when it was in use, but it didnt appear impressive to him. Certainly not as impressive as the castle of the Lord of Elderwood.
The first sight of the castle Allan got was of the stone walls that had protected it. In its prime, the walls were twice as tall as the tallest man. Some sections of the walls were still that high, but most were much shorter. The walls surrounded a rectangular stone building three floors high. Half of the end of the structure that Allan was approaching had fallen in. Only a small portion of the roof was still intact.
From the instant he saw the castle, Allan knew what it was. It has to have been the home of a mage. Everyone knows the mages lived out in the country. That was so they could protect themselves from soldiers sent by Lords or Princes.
Allan glanced around. The trees here are fairly tall. Maybe, back then, the land was cleared. Maybe the mages had spells that protected them.
He heard a voice on the wind. The guards are following the road, just like me!
He turned back to the castle. There might still be spells there. There could be traps.
Its going to be night soon. I need a place to hide, and rest, and eat the last of my food. Theres not another place to hide anywhere around here, except up a tree again. If the guards are on the old road, then theyll know to look around here. If I climb a tree tonight, theyre bound to find me this time.
Theyre bound to search the castle, too.
Well, I know how to hide within a building. This is another building, yes? If I hide here, and they dont find me, maybe theyll give up.
The noise from the guards got louder. I have to take that chance. I dont have any other places to hide.
Allan advanced on the castle. He found a section of wall that he didnt have to struggle to clear. He scrambled from the wall to a window that had long since been broken out. He slipped through empty hole in the castle wall. He entered a wide room centered on a long stone table. There were no chairs around the table, and there was no decoration on the walls.
He saw a door leading out of the room as he heard the sound of a horses hooves clattering around the outer wall. He dashed to the door and pushed. It didnt move. He glanced down and saw a doorknob. He turned it; it moved after a couple of tries.
The door opened into a hallway. I dont think the bedrooms would be down here. Ill see if theres a way up. He walked down the hallway. He passed two pairs of doors on either side, then came to a narrow, circular stairway. He paused long enough to catch his breath, then walked up the stairs.
The stairway led to another corridor. The corridor seemed wide enough for two men to walk beside each other without touching themselves or the walls. In the dim light, he could see more doors on either side. Most, though, were open. He decided to follow the corridor to see where it led.
He peeked past the first open door he came to. He saw what appeared to be the remains of a bed and blankets. The posts stood, but the canopy was gone and the cloth was in tatters. He found similar scenes of decay in the other rooms he looked into.
Halfway down the corridor, on his right, was another stairway. It was narrower than the one he came up. He decided not to go further up, but to keep searching the rooms on this floor.
Past the second stairway was a row of doors to his left, but nothing to his right. He pushed open the first door he came to. Inside the room was a tub, a toilet, a basin, and the remains of a waist-high cabinet. A bathing room.
A memory rose up in Allans mind. It was cool autumn night, several months ago. He and Elena found the home of a wealthy merchant. It was vacant; the merchant and his family were away on some personal errand. He and his sister had never been in such a residence before. They were aware of some of how the wealthy lived, but never had firsthand experience. One of their discoveries was that not all the rooms inside the home had doors that locked. Indeed, only two did: the parents bedroom, and the bathing room.
Allan looked at the door of this bathing room. There was a lock he could turn. He turned it; it moved after two attempts.
The guards might be suspicious of a locked door. Or, they might assume that if they cant get in, I couldnt. He leaned through the doorway; he could barely hear footsteps from below. I cant keep wandering around. Ill have to try it.
He closed the door and turned the lock. He found a piece of the cabinet that he could pick up. He moved it so that it could block the door if the lock was forced. He edged down behind the tub. I suppose, this time, its good that I havent yet become a man. A man might not fit down here.
Allan waited. Time passed before he heard footsteps on the floor of the corridor. More time passed before someone took hold of the doorknob to open the door. The man on the other end of the door tried a few times. When the door didnt open, he walked away. More time went by, followed by the sound of footsteps passing the bathing room door.
The boy doesnt seem to be here, Sergeant, a man said. Allan was surprised he could hear the voice so clearly. They must be in front of that second stairway.
Still one more floor to search, a second man replied.
Sergeant, this was a mages castle. I dont like the idea of being in this place after dark.
The magics gone away, a third man said.
Sos part of this building, the first man replied.
Youre right, said the second man. If the boys here, he could sneak up on us at night. If he isnt, we could still get hurt by something falling. Right, men, well camp outside, and search the grounds tomorrow.
If we dont find him? the third man asked.
Weve been at this three days, and were in the wilderness. If we cant find him, maybe some wild beast will. We got this far. Well head home tomorrow, after we look up some trees around here.
Allan sighed to himself, but he didnt relax until the footsteps went away. He closed his eyes for what he thought would be a few moments of rest. When he woke up, he used the empty toilet. He decided to see where the guards were camped, so hed know to sleep on the opposite side of the castle. He walked down the corridor to a bedroom door. There was a vacant spot on the wall where a window had been. He approached the window slowly so as not to be heard.
 He was stunned when he got to the window. Its the middle of the morning! He looked outside the window. Halfway between the castles front gate and the road leading here were the remains of a campfire. He listened for voices for a time, and heard nothing. The guards are heading back. Im safe!
Well, safe from them, at least. I need food and water if Im going to survive.
He left the castle and explored the land around it. Years ago, he and his sister had learned that they could hide out in the wilderness outside the city during the summer, if the struggle on the streets became too risky. Finding that out meant that they had to learn how to survive in the wilderness. They found a reliable man who taught them how to hunt for game, and how to scavenge for fruits and vegetables.
All Allan had on him to hunt with was his knife. Without his sister, hunting wasnt going to be easy. He decided to assemble a couple of traps for smaller wildlife, and hope for the best.
Finding vegetables turned out to be easy. There had been a garden along the back of the castle. Although it hadnt been tended in ages, the vegetables and herbs raised there continued to grow. Some had spread beyond the original garden patch.
Allan found apples in the wilderness near the old road. The lines of apple trees told him that, when this castle had been occupied, there had been an orchard here. There were no other fruits to be found, and if there had ever been a field of grain, shrubs and weeds had displaced it.
A short distance from the ruined castle was a stream. The water seemed good enough to drink, so Allan filled his canteen. The moment it was full he realized that hed have to find something larger, or hed be walking to the stream several times a day. An instant later he wondered if the castle had its own water well.
He took time to eat and drink before exploring the castle to locate the well. He climbed through the open window to the dining room, then began searching the ground floor. He found a reception room, a kitchen with much of the cookware intact, a wide room with overturned tables, and another room with ruined planks of wood. In that room he came across a door that opened onto a dark stairway leading down.
That leads under the castle. That might be where the well is. Allan peered down the stairway. Even after a moment, its still dark. Id better make a torch.
It took time to find a piece of wood that would make a usable torch. Finding it caused him to explore the second floor. He found another bathing room, and two rooms with scraps of cloth on the floor. He wrapped a few scraps around a strip salvaged from a bedpost. He located other bits of wood, and started a fire. He touched the wrapped end of the post to the flames. He tapped out the tiny fire, then headed back downstairs.
The stairway leading below the castle ended in a short corridor barely wide enough for a man to walk down. On either side of the corridor were closed doors. Ahead of him was an open entranceway. He sniffed the air and smelled water. He walked to the entranceway.
As he passed the door closed doors, Allan felt an odd sensation. It wasnt fear, or hunger, or grief. It wasnt anything hed ever felt before. He dismissed the feeling; he needed to find the well.
He found it past the entranceway. It opened into a circular room. Metal bars were stuck into the stone floor framing a circle cut into the floor. The bars held up a water basket, and a pulley system to raise and lower the basket. Instead of rope, metal chains were used to raise and lower the basket.
He peered down the opening. His easily saw the reflection of his improvised torch; water was not that far down.
He examined the well apparatus. The basket was secured to the chair with a hook, which meant it could be removed and water carried anywhere. The basket itself was also metal. Noticing that caused him to examine the chains, the basket, and the bars holding everything up.
Youd think theyd have rusted by now, but they appear to be fine. Well, if theyre fine, then I should use them.
Allan lowered the basket into the well to fill it. It took him some effort to pull the basket up once it was full. He struggled with the basket for a moment before he unhooked it. Realizing how heavy it was going to be, he dumped about half the water in the basket back down the well. He picked up the lightened basket by the hook with his right hand, and the torch with his left.
As he walked down the narrow corridor, he felt the same sensation as he did when he first passed the pair of doors. There was no space to put anything down, and the torch was getting low. He decided to come back once hed settled himself upstairs.
He took over one of the bedrooms on the second floor. He brought in the basins from the bathing rooms. He poured some of the water from the basket into one. He found a thick enough scrap of cloth so that he could give himself a quick wash.
He took the other basin to the garden and filled it with vegetables and herbs. He brought that back to the bedroom. He went to the kitchen and found a pot and a wide metal pan. Both had a bit of rust on them, but otherwise appeared solid. He took them to the bedroom, then found more scrap wood and cloth. He started another fire, this one on the pan. He filled the pot with water halfway. He cut up the vegetables and dumped them into the pot. He returned to the kitchen for a bowl and a spoon.
Its going to take time for the soup to cook. Everything seems safe, so I guess I can figure out what happened down by the well.
Allan improvised a second torch and lit it with his cooking fire. He headed back down the narrow stairway. Once again, when he passed by the rooms he felt something.
He edged to his right. The sensation felt stronger. He reached for the door and put his hand on the knob.
Suddenly, the knob and his hand glowed with a blue light. It wasnt painful; in fact, it felt good, like the way he felt after a full meal, or getting a compliment from his sister. He turned the knob; it moved without resistance.
The door opened onto a room a few times wider than the door. The room was dark as the door opened, but once Allan stepped through the doorway, a globe in the ceiling came alive with a bright yellow glow.
Facing him were three rows of shelves set into the wall. The other walls were empty. On the top shelf, at about shoulder level, was a short staff of wood. On the second shelf was a row of books. On the bottom shelf were rings and jewels.
Im rich!
Allan reached for the nearest ring. As soon as his hand was over the shelf, it felt warm. He continued to reach for it, but his hand got warmer. He jerked his hand back, and the warmth was gone.
A magical trap.
He reached for the sword. Again his hand warmed as it got closer, and cooled once he pulled it back.
He decided to try for the books. He knew how to read. When their parents were alive, they had taught him and Elena to read. It hadnt seemed to be a useful skill after they died. One day Elena was telling Allan what a sign meant. A man overheard them, and asked if they could read. Elena said they could. He hired her to carry a letter to another man. The man had a small shop on a side street, and the shop could only be found by reading the signs.
Elena carried out the job. She had no choice; there was the money, but the man who hired her kept Allan at his shop as a guarantee that shed return. She did return, and with another letter. The man paid her for the errand. It was then that they understood that reading was useful. Any skill that keeps us from stealing is a good one, shed told Allan.
Allan reached for the nearest book. This time, his hand felt cold. He moved his hand to the right; it felt colder. He reached to his left. His hand slowly warmed, until he came to a book on the far left end. He touched the spine of the book and felt nothing.
He pulled the book from the shelf; still nothing. There was nothing on the cover to say what the book was about. He opened the book to the first page.
This is the testimony of Darien, one of the last of the great mages, was what the writing on the page said. It was handwritten, in a flowing script Allan thought belonged to a nobleman. There was nothing else on the page, so he turned it.
At first glance, there was nothing on the page but twisted lines. Then other lines appeared, and the whole formed into letters and words. Allan was stunned for an instant, then he read what the words said. 

My name is Darien, and I have lived what I believe to be a good and proper life as a mage, a caster of spells. I am writing this book to preserve the knowledge I have gained. The power of magic, magus, is fading fast now. My fellow mages are unwisely fighting over the centers of magus that remain. Various nobles and princes are using this as a chance to seize land and power. In time someone will cast their eye on me. I cannot resist every foe, so I shall use the time I have left to make this testimony, so that someday the truth about magic will be known.
This testimony, along with a selected few items, should be able to survive the time to come. To you who finds this, I encourage you to read on. Learn the spells within the books. Understand the power of magic. Above all, absorb the history of this time. Know the mistakes that were made, the abuses committed, and the schemes that formed and collapsed.
The Second Age of Magic is coming to an end. As there was a First, so there will likely be a Third. It is up to you, of that later age, to see what those of this Age did wrong. You must learn to use magic more wisely than we have. You must resist the temptation to use magic for personal gain. Too many in this Age failed to do so. Their folly has led to the time we are in.
However, I am moving too far ahead in this story. Allow me to give you a brief sketch of the First Age and the Second Age. This will help you to understand these times, and what I have to say.

Allan closed the book, then opened it again. This time the words were clear as a sunny day. Knowing that it would take him time to read the book, and remembering his soup, left the treasure room and returned to the bedroom. He read more while he ate his soup.

If you can read this tome, it means you have the ability to use magus to cast spells. I doubt magus will ever entirely go away. Even now, as its power wanes, children are still brought into this world with the ability to invoke it.
Your talent will not go to waste. I will secure my tomes of spells so that you will be able to use them. You must, however, read this volume first. I have cast spells upon the books, and the other items I am preserving, to prevent you from using them before you are ready. This first volume will not only help you to understand history, but also to understand magus itself. You will need to know what it before you can know how to invoke it.
You must also heed the warnings I give in this testimony. A great deal of wisdom is required in the use of this power and the casting of spells. There is your protection to consider. I trust you are reading this in a time where magic is rare, if not entirely unknown. If you are seen to cast spells, you will be known as a mage. That will paint a target on your back for all to fire at, from princes to common thugs.
You must also see to your character. My fellow mages are being laid low because they abused the skills they learned. It is quite tempting to cast spells to exert your dominance over others. It is tempting to cast spells to make your life easier, without regard to anyone else. These temptations create resentment and jealousy. They create an opening by which you can be attacked by men stirred by angry passion.
You may not think such a message is worth heeding. Remember that you are probably alone in the world with this ability. One man, or one woman, cannot resist the whole world for very long.

Allan set aside the book for a moment. Jealousy and resentment, he thought. That is how I feel right now. My sister was murdered because she wouldnt submit to a mans lust. That man wasnt punished because of his wealth, and his connection to Lord Gillams family. That made me angry, so I killed him.
Where did those feelings get me? Chased from the city I was raised in. Made an outlaw. Living even more hand-to-mouth in a ruined castle. Maybe magic will help me live a little better. Beyond that, though?
He looked at the book, sitting open at his side. Maybe this man from the past can guide to something better. He sounds like a good soul. Maybe hell help me find a use for this new power I have.
Maybe hell be the teacher Elena always wanted us to find.
TWO




Allan flew.
Hed come to enjoy flying to get around over long distances, like that from the castle to Elderwood Ford. He grew up poor, so he never had the chance to ride a horse, or ride in a carriage. He and his sister had to walk to get anywhere. Occasionally they had to run to get away from something or someone. Hed had to run to flee the city, almost a year ago. Being on foot reminded Allan of being poor.
Not that hed become rich. He had become a mage, at least by the standard of having read all of Damiens books and learned to cast the spells within them. Learning magic gave Allan certain freedoms. He could use spells to find and kill game. He could use spells to keep himself warm. He could use spells to fly. Freedom wasnt quite the same as having coins in your pocket, but for Allan it was close enough, and it felt good.
He could savor the pleasure of flying only for so long. Flying required concentration. The first spell needed was to lift a body into the air. It took a little more energy for Allan to cast that spell on himself than on something or someone else, but not so much that he couldnt move once he was in the air. The next spell was to move through the air. There was a spell for speeding up and slowing down. Turning required an adjustment by his body through the movement spell.
Damien offered advice from the past on such combinations of spells. In one of his books he suggested that the mage cast spells into an object. Activation of spells cast into objects, or enchantments, could be controlled through spoken words or carved symbols, or runes. It would take a simple word or gesture to enact the desired enchantment.
Allan chose to enchant a wooden rod with runes for flying any distance. All he had to do was move his thumb over the correct rune, tap it twice to activate the spell, and concentrate. He made a strap for his left forearm, so he could tuck the rod there once he arrived at his destination.
It took him just over an hour to reach Elderwood Ford. Even though it was after dark, Allan had no trouble seeing the whole of the city. The first time he had flown here, everything was a surprise. There were the patterns of the fields and pastures leading to the city. There were the straight lines of the city streets, some wide, some narrow. The buildings were squares and rectangles, with the odd circle here and there.
Some parts of the city were better lit at night than others. The Lords manor and the wall surrounding it were marked by the lanterns and torches carried by the guards. The river district, with its taverns and brothels, cast its own glow, brighter than the manors. The trades district, with its merchant and craftsman shops, had some building lights, but was also lit by guard lanterns.
The only residential district that had any light was the one bounded by the trades district and the Lords manor. That was where the wealthiest members of the city lived. They had the only homes that His Lordship felt needed to be protected. Guard lanterns marked the patrol routes that tried to keep those homes safe from ruffians.
Ruffians like Elena and I, Allan noted.
He searched for a place to land. He would need water before he could continue. He saw the Temple of the Moon Goddess below him. He steered to the roof and came down as much like a leaf as he could.
Part of him felt bad using the Temple as a landing spot. The priestesses there were kind to people like him and his sister.
It related to their doctrine. They preached that the Moon had given birth to the Sun. The Sun, being a rebellious boy, out-shined his mother and demanded she be humble to his brightness and warmth. The Moon chose to make her son happy, but always reminded him of who came first, and who gave birth to whom. The priestesses had to be humble before the larger Church of the Sun, but that made them into humble servants of their goddess. As their goddess was a mother, so to did they have to be mothers. That meant, among other things, caring for the poor.
Allan never felt much of a religious calling growing up. Gods and goddesses were unseen things, and therefore didnt matter as much as food and shelter. Even now he wasnt certain if anything preached by any priest or priestess was entirely true. He was more concerned about being seen as a poor guest of the Temple, by landing on its roof, than by offending any goddess.
He used the pause in his flight to look around. He wasnt sure if he would find anything to do from that vantage point. It was well above the streets, and afforded a wide view. It would be a shame to waste this chance.
As he learned to cast spells from Damiens old tomes, Allan wondered what he would do with the skills and spells he was acquiring. Clearly he couldnt simply return to Elderwood Ford and become a mage. For one thing, mages hadnt existed for centuries. People might try to kill him the moment he cast a spell in front of them.
For another thing, he was might still be a wanted young man. A year of better eating had filled out his arms and legs. Hed also grown an extra half-palm of height, and he could now grown a beard and mustache. His face hadnt changed all that much, though. He also couldnt be certain that, by killing a man of wealth, he had a bounty placed on his head, or that it was still in place, waiting for him.
Yet the advice given by the ancient mage in his first book, about using magic for good and selfless purposes, kept with Allan over the days and weeks that followed. So did the memory of his sister. The more he thought of her, the more he could hear her telling him that he ought to use his new talents to help people. She believed their survival depended on them not breaking the law whenever they had a choice. That they had to thank those that helped them. That if they had the chance to help others, they ought to, because those others might be willing to help them back.
Allan had wondered about those notions his sister had. He stopped wondering and began to accept them as he read Damiens narrative on the history of magic, and the little stories hed drop in between the lessons on casting spells. Time and again, Damien would relate how using magic to benefit people resulted in benefits to the mage, while being selfish led to trouble. Damien was humble enough to relate his own mistakes in that regard, which made Allan trust the mages and his sisters beliefs that much more.
Allan understood that he had a way to help people that he didnt before hed fled the city. He had returned to Elderwood Ford for a few nights now, and had found no one to assist. True, he was coming at night. There might be more to help during the day. But at night his face would be harder to see, as it would when he cast spells.
He saw nothing untoward going on from the roof of the Temple. No longer thirsty, he took his flying rod from its place and tapped the rune to lift him into the air. Moments after he rose upward, he heard a shout. He flew in the direction of the sound.
A few streets away, he saw two men with their arms around a third man. The pair were dragging the third man through an alley. A piece of cloth was in the third mans mouth. One of the pair said something to the third man, but Allan was too high to hear the man whisper.
Allan lowered himself to get a better look at the men. The third mans clothes were newer than the ones the pair wore. The pair of men had both drawn and sheathed daggers.
When he saw the weapons, Allan knew what was going on. Every so often, someone would hire men like the pair to capture a man and hold him for ransom. While he and his sister lived on the streets, he remembered hearing a few times of a heralds report of a disappearance, followed a day or so later with news that the disappeared had returned home. The word on the street about the incident was always the same: someone had collected a ransom for the life of the man whod gone missing.
Allan was aware that it was a crime, and that the kidnappers made coins from the act, but he never learned why anyone would commit such a deed. It seemed risky: taking a man off the streets, hiding him, telling his family that hed be returned if the kidnappers were given enough money, and letting the man go once the money was paid. There was so much that could go wrong.
Maybe if I stop that kidnapping, Ill find out something.
Allan knew he couldnt just land and start a fight. The kidnappers were armed, and he wasnt. He would need time, and magic, to make any fight more even. He listed the possible spells in his head as quickly as he could.
He settled on a spell to blow a concentrated blast of wind at the trio. He focused on the men as they were about to leave the alley. He cast the spell.
The burst of wind sent the men sprawling into the next street. Allan aimed for the larger of the two kidnappers. He aimed his body and flew. As the man was getting up, Allan kicked at the man. His foot struck the man in the upper chest.
For an instant Allan lost control of his flight after striking the blow. He got his focus back, and landed on the street. His foot stung a bit, but otherwise he felt fine.
He glanced at the scene. The man being kidnapped was lying in the street, his eyes wide. The man Allan had just kicked was also in the street, gasping for air. His accomplice was turning to face Allan. Hed dropped one of his daggers, but had drawn another.
Allan decided that another blow of air might knock the second man down. He focused his attention on the spell, raised his right arm, and pushed his fist at the other man.
His blow landed in the mans belly. The man staggered back a couple of steps and bent over. Allan dashed at the man. He grabbed the mans right arm so he couldnt use his dagger. He yanked the mans arm. As the man fell forward, Allan pushed up his knee. His knee hit the man in the lower gut, just above the groin.
Allan jerked the mans knife from him, then turned to the other kidnapper. The man had gotten to his feet, but was still gasping. He started towards Allan with an uncertain stride.
Allan cast a third blast of air. The impact sent the man down with a loud groan of pain. Allan turned back to the second man; he was still down, and holding his body.
Allan stepped to the man the kidnappers had captured. He pulled the cloth out of the mans mouth. He went behind the man.
Why were you being kidnapped? he asked.
The man didnt reply. Allan saw that the mans wrists had been bound quickly with twine. He used the knife hed take from the second man to cut the twine.
Who are you? Allan asked. Why were you being kidnapped?
The man stood up. He looked at Allan for an instant, shook his head, and ran away down the street.
Allan shook his head. Not even a word of thanks.
A wave of exhaustion fell over him. He heard himself start to gasp. A moment later he realized that two men were slowly recovering from his blows. He drew his flying rod, tapped it, and rose into the air. As he turned away he heard voices below. He saw a lantern in the distance.
He flew away from the scene as fast as he could. He headed back to the Temple. This time he landed behind the structure. Patches of grass ran around the sides and rear of the Temple. The priestesses frowned on people trampling on the grass, but hed never known them to force someone off if they were resting on it.
Besides, its night. No one will be out tending the grounds at night.
Allan cast a shielding spell before trying to go to sleep. He was vaguely aware that, if someone found him and tried to touch him, theyd hit the shield, and that might not be a good thing. But he was tired. More tired than hed been in weeks. He needed sleep, and he needed to be safe.
When he woke up, the first light of dawn was coming over the city. It took him a few moments to realize where he was, and what time it was. He knew he couldnt fly out of the city. People were waking up, like him, and would see him.
Im at the Temple. Maybe I should hide here until tonight.
Allan stepped off the grass. He walked around to the front of the building. He waited on the sidewalk for several moments. Finally the main doors of the Temple opened.
An older woman in white and yellow robes saw him. Yes, young man?
Could I trouble you for some breakfast, Lady of the Moon?
She looked him up and down. Are you certain thats all you need, young man?
What do you mean?
You look like you need a bath, and new clothes.
Allan hadnt realized how ragged he appeared. Hed had to fix, then replace, his clothes with bits of hide from the game hed killed for food. Occasionally he went to the nearby stream for a bath, but he hadnt used soap in ages.
I suppose I do need a little more help, Lady.
Come in, then. Well see what we can do.
***
Allan left the Temple a few hours later with a full belly, a new shirt, new leggings, new shoes, and a clean body. Hed had the chance to shave, but chose to only trim the small beard he had. His face might still be on a wanted poster in town.
Once back on the street, he pondered his actions the previous night. I was adequate during that fight, he noted, but I had to rely on magic. I got winded pretty fast, from both the fighting and the casting.
Hed learned to fight living on the streets. He and his sister had to if they were to stay alive. What theyd learned, though, was no so much how to win, but how to disable an opponent enough to get away.
That sort of fighting doesnt really put a man down. It knocks him over long enough for you to run. If Id have fought more men, or had to fight to escape, I might not have gotten away.
He looked at his body. I suppose Im not quite built for fighting, either. Maybe I should learn a thing or two about fighting before I come back and try to help someone else.
It seemed to him that, aside from a guard or a mercenary, the best man to ask about fighting was a weapon-smith. Allan went to the nearest shop, but was told, Beggars arent welcome. The smiths at the next two shops told him they didnt have time for boys and their questions.
The fourth shop was tucked away along a quiet street next to a large blacksmith shop. Inside the shop was a solitary smith. The man was tall, a head taller than Allan, with dark hair, dirty clothes, huge arms, and a patch over his left eye. He was hammering on the point of a spear.
Yes, lad? he asked. His voice was loud and raspy.
I wonder if I might trouble you for a bit of your time, Allan said.
Time, lad?
Yes. I have some questions about learning to fight.
And you chose to ask me? He stopped hammering. Couldnt ask a guard, could you?
Maybe not.
Fair enough. Lucky for you that I dont need that much work.
You dont? Why?
I own the blacksmith shop next door, and the stable next to it.
How did you do that?
By being good at one I do. This patch notwithstanding.
Oh.
So, whats on your mind?
Well, sir, first, how does a man get the strength to wield a sword, or a spear?
The names Owen, young man.
Pleased to meet you, Master Owen. Im Allan.
Owen nodded. Allan. He stopped hammering again. Practice, young Allan. You get good with a weapon by using it. You get strong by using it.
Allan let out a laugh and shook his head. Of course.
Well, you being a young man, and not the son of a nobleman or mercenary, it wouldnt seem obvious till you gave it a moments thought.
No, I guess not.
Any reason why you want to know about fighting?
Just curious.
I see. Is that all you wished to ask?
Whats a good weapon for a young man like me to carry?
Depends on why you need a weapon.
To defend myself.
A daggers as good as anything.
Really? I thought it was just for poor folk and criminals.
It is. But a dagger is easy to hide. Its also easy to get good at. Owen waved his hammer at the wall, away from his anvil and forge. See those swords? Pick one of them.
Allan picked a sword at random. Yes?
Stand there, and swing it around a bit.
Allan did so for a few moments.
Feel your arm getting tired, lad?
Yes, now that you mention it. Allan put the sword back on the weapons rack.
Thats the bad thing about any weapon bigger than a knife, lad. You use it long enough, and itll tire you out. Thats why it takes years to get good with a sword, or a spear, or something like that. A dagger, on the other hand, wont tire you out as fast, so its easy to get good with it.
How do you get good with it?
Like anything. Practice.
I mean, what do you do with it, other than stab someone?
Theres your trouble right there, lad. Lets say I come at you with this hammer, and youve got your dagger. Im taller than you, so my reach is longer than yours, yes?
Yes.
Im stronger than you, so my blows are going to hit you hard.
Sure.
But, if you dodge my first blow, and slash at my arm, youll take me down. Think about it an instant or two.
Allan pictured the scene in his mind. He nodded once he saw what Owen meant. Yes, I see what you mean.
Thats how you learn to use a dagger, lad. Learn to move, learn to slash, learn to block, and learn to thrust effectively. Thing is, its not a skill you can find a teacher for.
You have to learn on your own.
Right. If you do, youll be ahead of most men. Most of them that has a dagger never learns more than to stick into someone else. You learn to fight with it, and youll keep yourself alive. Most of the time.
What do you mean, most of the time, Master Owen?
A good weapon isnt worth much without skill. A good man with a weapon wont last long without armor.
Armor? Allan nodded again. Do folk like me wear armor?
They could, if they gave it much thought. I say armor, and you think of chest plates and leg guards and shields, yes?
Yes.
What about leather?
Leather armor?
Sure. Guards and mercenaries wear leather under their plates or mail. Reinforce the leather with a bit of padding, and youre safe from glancing blows.
Maybe magic can make leather even better protection. What about the arms and legs?
Good boots will protect your lower legs. You can fashion arm guards out of leather to protect your wrists. Owen looked Allan in the eyes. You sure youre only asking to protect yourself, lad?
Yes, sir, I am.
What are you protecting yourself from?
Danger. Shouldnt every young man be worried enough to live to old age?
Owen let out a gruff laugh. I suppose. Is that the last of your questions?
For now, Master Owen. I may come back.
Come back to buy, and Ill answer any question you have.
Ill keep that in mind. Good day.
Good day to you, lad.
Allan walked out of the shop. Well, I have the dagger, and I can get the hides to make leather. Ill need to know about making boots and leather armor.
He looked up at the sky. Its almost midday. Looks like Ive found a way to spend the day. So long as I dont attract any attention, I should learn what I need to know, and then I can return to the castle. Then what?
Then come back and be better at helping people.
THREE




Allan paused.
In his right hand was a coin purse. It belonged to an older man standing a few paces away. It had been stolen from the man.
A more accurate statement of the facts was that the man had given it to a young man. That young man had put a knife to the mans back and demanded his coins. Allan had landed behind the young man, after following him for a few blocks.
Allan didnt have time to challenge the thief. He came at Allan with his knife. Allan brushed the knife back with the leather gauntlet on his right arm. He used a wind spell to blow the thief into the nearest building wall. The attack didnt deter the thief. Allan again brushed aside the knife, then struck the thiefs upper chest with his fist. That stopped him. Allan struck the thief in his gut, and used the wind spell again. The thief was sprawled on the street, gasping for air.
In the struggle the thief had dropped the coin purse. Allan picked it up. As he did, the older man said, Thank you.
Allan looked at the owner of the purse. The man was of average height with a stout build. His shirt was white and clean. His leggings were dark, as were his boots. His boots and shirt appeared to be new. He had a gold ring on his right ring finger, and two silver rings on the fingers of his left hand. It was the rings and clean clothes that gave Allan pause. Clearly the man was wealthy.
A thought came to him: Would the loss of these coins be so bad to him?
I dont know if I should give you these back. The words were out of his mouth before he realized it.
The older mans eyes widened. He shook his head. Youre a thief, too?
No. Allans mind raced. What I mean is, did you earn these?
What?
Remembering that his leather helmet covered the top half of his face, Allan took a confident step towards the man. Theres men in this city that can afford the loss of a few coins. Are you one of them?
No.
Why not?
My grandfather built our brewery. My father ran it well, and now I do the same. I work hard to earn a living.
And you pay the men you hire well?
As well as I can.
Allan tossed the purse to the other man. Here.
The man caught the purse. Thank you?
Allan shook his head. Dont thank me. Instead, give a coin or two to a poor fellow on the street.
The man waved at the thief. Who? Him?
Allan knew the young man who had tried to steal the purse. He couldnt remember his name, but he remembered his face. He had brown eyes, and two scars on his left cheek. Hed lost his father in the same plague that had killed Allans parents.
The boy was bitter about the loss, and bitter that it had left him struggling on the streets. That bitterness made him violent at times. Allan and his sister had saw the boy get his scars by taking on a bigger young man over half a loaf of bread, while they and several other youths were hiding out in an abandoned house. The boy got scarred, but the young man was killed.
It would have been just another scene, except that his sister told him not to take the wrong lesson from the fight. Stealing is always bad, she had said.
Why?
One, its against the law. You steal from the wrong man, and hell send the guards after you.
How do you know who the wrong man is?
Thats it, Allan. You wont. Two, stealing leads to other troubles. Ill bet that bigger boy stole that bread. So the guards didnt get him. That younger boy did.
What if hed shared the bread?
That might have kept him alive, but thats not a reason to steal. Think about it. First you steal from someone who has a full purse. Then you get a little desperate, and you steal from someone with a half-full purse. Then you get really desperate, and you steal from someone with a nearly empty purse. You steal once, and its easy to steal again.
Allan hadnt learned much of morality from their parents, so he relied on his sister. Back then he wasnt sure if what she was saying was true. Over time he realized that she was right. They survived as long as they did in part because they had morals and standards.
That was why Allan had followed the young man when he had spotted him. He knew the young man was desperate, and angry, and would do anything to stay alive. That was why he interrupted the theft of the coins.
Allan pointed at the young man, still lying stunned on the street. Help him? he asked the older man. No. But remember him. Being poor made him desperate. Being poor made him angry. If youd have tried to fight him, youd be dead.
Do you know him?
Ive known young men like him.
If you know hes trouble, why should I help him?
You dont have to help him. You should help who you can. Save those you can from turning into men like him. When you dont, you create thieves like him.
The older man shook his head. Who are you?
The man who saved you, and the man whos asking you to save others.
Allan didnt think he had anything more to say. He also heard noise coming up from behind him. He took out his flying rod, tapped it, and soared into the sky above the city. Feeling tired, he decided to head back to the castle.
***
His outing the previous night weighed on Allans mind as he fixed his breakfast. He was surprised at what hed said, but also not surprised by it. Thinking about it, what hed said and what hed done had felt right then, and still felt right the morning after.
Its one thing to keep a man from being robbed, he mused. Saving him didnt feel right without asking him if he needed to be saved. It didnt feel right unless he knew about the scarred young man.
Allan had been returning to Elderwood Ford, every week, for a few months now. He had gotten better at fighting; last nights adventure had proven that. Hed done a little good here and there, but it hadnt felt like hed accomplished all that much.
Until last night. Until I said what I had to say. 
Allan looked around the ruin that had become his home. What I said wasnt just what my sister had taught me. Its also what Damien had written, in his history of magic. You have to use your power to help people, or they get resentful of it. I guess its the same for money, too. If you dont use it to help people, you create boys like that thief. Boys, men, who would kill for half a loaf of bread.
Allan could see contradictions in his actions the previous night. It was obvious that using his power to cast spells, as well as his increasing skill at fighting, could protect people like the older man from becoming victims of criminals. It was equally obvious that doing so was right and just.
Yet it was as obvious that the scarred youth wasnt evil, but desperate to stay alive. No one helped him in his time of need, thus he felt no obligation to help anyone else. He had no trouble stealing, even killing, because that lack of help severed any connections had to strangers. If they had something he wanted, be it gold coins or a scrap of meat, hed try to take without a second thought.
Thats what my sister warned me about, after we saw him get his scars. You head down that path, and you dont see people. You see things, and people just get in the way.
Thats also what Damien wrote about. Many of those old mages didnt care about who they hurt when they rose to power, or picked a fight, or decided they wanted to live well. They used magic to get what they wanted. They saw things, and brushed the people away.
That left Allan with a question. Now that I understand that, what do I do about it?
The obvious answer was to continue doing what he was doing. He should return to Elderwood Ford and make it a better place.
I cant return as myself. I might still be wanted. If someone saw me, theyd know what I did. Then I might have to use my magic out in the open to save myself.
Allan caught sight of his leather helmet and face-mask. If I kept wearing that, no one would see most of my face. Im older, and my voice is different from when it was when I fled. Im taller, and getting stronger. As long as I wear that, no one would recognize me.
I couldnt do much during the day. Well, I could, but Id need spells to disguise my hair and eyes. Maybe some other clothes, too. If I kept to the streets, and avoided the guards, I might be able to move around somewhat during the day.
Doing what? I cant just fight crime. I have to fight for justice. I have to defend people like my sister and me against those who harm us, be it criminals or the rich men who use their wealth and power to get their way.
He looked at the mask again. Would anyone notice what I was doing? Should they?
He sat up straight. Yes, they should. That merchant needed to know why he was being robbed. Maybe me telling him why will make him give a little more to those who dont have anything. They cant just know that someone is standing up for them; the need to know that they can stand up for themselves, too.
That was something else Damien wrote. People rallied around mages when mages helped the people. When mages only helped themselves, no one helped them. He was sure thats what led to their downfall, once the magus diminished.
He took a deep breath. Fine. Who should they notice? Not Allan the poor young man. Certainly not Allan the mage.
What was it I thought before? Defend people.
Yes! The Defender.
He nodded. Well, its something. Now, how to I go about being this Defender?
I cant go back and try to stop every crime. I could never do that.
Memories of life on the streets of the city flooded into his mind. While some crime was carried out by individuals, other actions were directed. There were groups of youth organized into bands of thieves. There was the dark brothel someone warned them about, where women were taken into prostitution against their will. There was Conner's Crew, a group who forced some of the shops by the river to pay to keep them safe.
There are men giving orders to some of the criminals in Elderwood Ford.
He sucked in a breath. That also means that the guards arent always allowed to act against all the crime that happens. If they did, the men giving the orders would lose money. That means there must be some reason why the guards dont do more.
He let out a breath. That must be the reason for my actions. I have to find out who those men are, who are protecting them, and see to it that they are dealt with. I cant stop all crime, but maybe I can stop men from gaining power and profit from crime.
FOUR




Allan dodged.
He knew there was a risk about going into the den of one of the gangs of boy thieves. He would be outnumbered if there was trouble. He decided not to enter the abandoned store that one group was hiding out in until close to dawn. Those in the group who had been out would be tired from the nights activity. The rest would be asleep.
Allans attention focused on the boy who appeared to be the oldest. That boy wasnt the largest in the group, and that was why Allan wanted to question him. The bigger boys were the tough ones, from his experience, while the older ones acted more like leaders. He needed a leader if he was going to learn more about this gang.
He thought he had come in without much noise. He thought he had approached his target quietly. Most of the children in the group were sleeping on the ground floor. The boy Allan wanted was in the remains of a room on the second floor. Allan was aware that there were two or three other boys nearby on the second floor. His hope had been that he would be able to snatch his prey and be gone before anyone noticed.
One of the other boys heard or saw something, because just as Allan was about to open the door, he heard footsteps racing towards him. He turned; one of the larger boys was charging at him.
What do you want? the boy demanded. His voice was low but menacing.
The boy in charge, Allan snapped.
He bent down and thrust out his right arm. He cast a spell. A concentrated burst of wind struck his attacker in the gut. The impact sent the boy to the floor. He hit with a loud thump.
Allan was about to open the door again when two more boys emerged from another room. One of the boys held a club; the other, a kitchen knife. The hallway was wide enough for them to approach, but too narrow for both of them to come at Allan together. They exchanged a momentary glance.
The boy with the knife nodded and came at Allan first. Allan dodged the boys first strike, then his second. He waited for the third thrust to slap the boys knife hand to the side. He punched the boy in the belly. Before the boy could react to the blow, Allan hit him in the nose. The boy staggered back.
The boy with the club came at Allan. He tried to hit Allan with an overhand swing. Allan blocked the club with the gauntlet on his left arm. He used that arm to push away the boys arm. Once again he struck at the face, and again his fist sent an opponent reeling.
An instant later the door Allan had wanted to open did open. The boy Allan had wanted to get his hands on came through the doorway. Unlike the other two, this boy was slender and average in height. His dark hair was a shaggy mess. He already had a dagger in his right hand. He ran at Allan.
Allan let the boy thrust his weapon at him. The edge of the blade hit his chest. The spell cast into Allans leather armor held. The thrust was such that, when the magic kicked back the impact, the dagger slipped from the boys hand.
Allan backhanded the boy across his face. He grabbed the boy by his shirt and dragged him back down the hallway. He stopped at the next doorway. There was no door, so Allan peeked through. The roof was completely gone from that room, as was a chair-sized piece of the floor.
Allan looked back down the hallway. The other three boys had recovered from their blows. The boy with the knife was in the lead. This ends now, he said to Allan.
I agree, Allan replied.
He focused his energy on a fire spell. An instant later a ball of flame the size of a mans head appeared between him and trio. Allan forced the ball to the floor of the hallway. Like a raindrop hitting the street, the ball flattened and spread. The floor instantly caught fire. The three boys turned and ran from the flames.
Get us out of here! the slender boy said.
Allan swung the boy around so that he faced him. Answer my questions, or Ill toss you into the fire.
Yeah! Anything!
Who do you take your orders from?
Merrick! Merrick, on the Street of the Bass.
Who is he?
He has the pawn shop, on the Street of the Bass!
Whats his cut of what you steal?
One-quarter.
When do you give him his cut?
I was going to take him his cut tomorrow night. Tonight, I guess!
What else do you do for him?
Let me go! Well burn up!
Allan shook the boy. What else?
If you have a sister, who looks fair, hell take her in.
Fine. Sleep.
Allan cast a sleep spell on the boy. In a moment the boys face went from fearful, to dull, to asleep. Allan drew his flying wand with his left hand. He dragged the boy into the room. He tapped the wand. He wrapped his right arm around the boys left arm. The two rose through the open roof.
Allan looked around. The children had fled the building and gathered in the street. A couple of them saw him still holding their leader. He guided his flight path so he and his prisoner flew over the children. None of them did anything to stop him. They looked, stunned into silence.
Allan tried to think of what he might say to them. The weight of his prisoner shoved his attention back to flying. He carried the sleeping youth over the city in the predawn darkness. He headed for an abandoned farmhouse about a quarter of a days walk from the city. Allan had chosen the house as a hiding place for when he didnt want to return to the castle.
He pushed the front door to the house open. He laid the boy down on the floor of the cooking area. Allan picked up a chair and sat down to rest.
Hell be asleep for several hours. Still, Id better tied him up now, since I need to get some sleep. Once Im rested, and hes woken up, Ill try to get more out of him.
Then, tonight, Ill pay a visit to this Merrick on the Street of Bass. 
***
Allan knocked on the back door to Merricks shop. He knocked twice, paused for an instant, then knocked once more. He waited for a moment, then repeated the pattern.
Allan was certain, as soon as he questioned the skinny boy about his boss, that the boy would have some sort of signal to let Merrick know he was at the mans door. Rather than wait for the boy to offer the information, Allan asked. Suspending the boy upside down in the air was enough to get the boy to tell Allan the signal.
Not long after repeating the signal, the door opened. A man about Allans height stood just past the doorway. Allan cast a wind spell to blow the man back into his shop. Allan dashed through the doorway, slamming the door behind him.
The man had been through against an interior door. The room was lit with a single candle. It was a typical owners room, with a table, a chair, and parchments and small boxes on the floor and the table. The walls were unadorned.
Allan took a look at the man. There were a few lines around the mans eyes. His brown hair was thin on top. His belly appeared stout through his dressing gown. However, his arms and legs were muscular. The mans limbs were the only aspect of him that was remarkable.
Allan pulled the man away from the interior door by his ankles. He put his left foot down onto the mans right arm, so that the man could feel his boot. Master Merrick, he said, more statement than question.
Who are you? The mans voice was nasal. What do you want?
Callum told me all about you, Merrick.
Do you want a cut? Is that why youre here?
I dont want a cut. I want you to stop taking advantage of those boys.
Look, friend, Im not a bad fellow, honestly.
Honestly?
No. All Im doing is just trying to keep these children from starving to death. So what if a few baubles from rich folk go missing?
But its not just baubles from the rich, is it? Those boys steal from anyone they can. Even from those who have a lot less than you.
Merricks head bobbed back and forth, but he didnt say anything.
And if youre not such a bad fellow, Allan continued, why do you ask those boys if they have pretty sisters?
Merricks eyes widened.
If I went upstairs, would I find such a girl in your bed? Tell me, Merrick, do you keep those girls from getting pregnant? Or are you using them to make more poor children? Planning to keep your little kingdom going into old age, are you?
Merrick opened his mouth to scream.
Sleep! Allan cast his sleep spell.
Merricks attempt at a scream turned into a yawn. He was out in a moment.
Allan went through the interior door. It led to the main area of the shop. To his right was the shop counter. To his left were four tall cabinets full of odds and ends, from rings to hats. Between the shop counter and the interior wall was a spiral staircase.
Allan climbed the staircase. It let to a short corridor, that in turn led to a hallway. There were two doors on Allans left and two on his right. One on the left was partly open. Allan headed for it and pushed the door open all the way.
Sitting up in the bed was a girl. Her hair was brown and curly. She seemed to have light brown eyes and a small upturned nose. She started shaking the instant she saw Allan. Please, dont hurt me, she said in a small voice.
I dont mean to hurt you.
What do you want?
I have what I want. I came for Merrick.
Merrick? You killed him?
No. I plan to hand him over to the guards.
What about me?
Open the shop when he does. If anyone comes to buy, sell them what they want. If someone comes to sell something, tell them Merrick does that, and hell be back in a few days.
Then what?
Keep what you make, but dont steal from Merricks till. When the guards come, and they will, tell them your story. Whats your name?
My name? Um, Elsie.
Elsie, you may have to look out for yourself from now on. If theres anything I can do to help you, Ill try to find you and give you that help.
Who are you?
You may call me Defender. Thats what I do. I defend people like you from men like Merrick. Be well, Elsie.
Allan stepped back and closed the door. None of the other doors had opened. He decided not to check on what might be behind those doors. If no one came out of them, they dont matter. Getting Merrick to talk is all that matters now.
He headed back down the spiral staircase. Behind the shop counter he found a roll of twine. He used the twine to bind Merricks wrists behind his back, and to bind his ankles. Allan pulled Merricks sleeping body out to the alley behind his shop. He stuck himself through Merricks bound arms. He drew his rod, tapped it, and flew away.
***
Allan was eating breakfast when Merrick finally awoke. Hed placed the man next to Callum, who was already bound and gagged. Callum had woken up while Allan was cooking his morning meal. Allan was surprised, and somewhat amused, that Callum hadnt tried to touch Merrick, even though the older man was within his reach.
Good morning, Allan said to Merrick.
Who are you? Where am I? Merrick looked around, then saw Callum. Callum?
Callum told me all he could, Allan said. If you tell me all you can, I might let you have something to eat.
What do you want from me?
I want to know how you find your boys. I want to know if any of your customers know you sell stolen goods. I want to know how many girls youve deflowered, and what happened to them.
Merrick eyes darted around for a moment. He moved his body so he sat a bit straighter. Take me to Captain Thomas, and Ill answer all your questions before him.
Allan was suspicious of the request as soon as he heard it. The time on the streets with his sister gave taught him that no one ever wanted to go to one of the guards, much less one of the three Captains of the Guard. The only reason someone went to them was if they knew the guard.
Why should Merrick know this Captain Thomas?
Allan put down his plate. He reached out his right arm. He knew there were spells that allowed a mage to put pressure on another person from a short distance away. Damien had listed the spells in one of his books. Before telling how to cast them, Damien had written a warning. Such spells must be cast carefully, he cautioned, because without the proper control, such spells can do damage to the subject.
Perhaps just seeing that I can cast this spell will be enough. Perhaps all that I need is a demonstration of what I can do.
Allan cast the spell so that Merrick would feel hands on his throat. The instant that Merrick felt them, he gasped audibly. Magic! he whispered.
Yes, magic, Allan replied. He let go of the spell. Now, tell me, why should I take you to this Captain Thomas?
Merrick began to shudder. No, no reason.
Allan reached out again. Shall I increase the pressure on your throat this time?
No!
Talk!
Captain Thomas protects me!
Protects you?
Yes! If one of my boys gets caught, I tell him. He arranges to get them off with a small fine. I pay him for his help.
What else does he do for you?
Nothing.
Does he help anyone else?
Simon, the weapon-smith on the Street of Iron.
Why does he help Simon? Does he have a band of boys like you do?
Yes.
What about the other Captains of the Guard?
Captain Mitchell is old and doesnt care much what happens. I dont know about Captain William. He was promoted to Captain a month ago.
Fine, then. Let me finish my breakfast, and well talk some more. Allan smiled grimly to Merrick. Keep telling the truth, and I wont use anymore magic on you.
Merrick nodded. Good. Good.
FIVE




Allan held his breath.
He wasnt sure if Captain William would come. He wasnt sure if the man would come alone. Then he saw a man in a guards chest plate and helmet approach the ruined building.
The man appeared average in every way: average height, average build, average face. Allan wasnt sure if this man was a Captain, a Sergeant, or just another member of the Lords Guard. The man walked slowly, and he looked around.
The man came around the front of the burned-out structure. He stopped, and jumped back a step, when he saw the bound and gagged forms of Merrick and Callum. Do you need help? the man asked.
They need to go to jail, Allan said.
Who said that?
Up here.
Allan had placed himself on the last chunk of the second floor of the hideout. That section happened to be on what had been the street side of the structure. Part of the front wall and one of the side walls still stood. The spot allowed Allan to conceal himself until the Captain arrived. It also allowed him to safely cast an illusion spell to keep his captives hidden until it was time to reveal their presence.
Who are you?  The man gripped the hilt of his sword.
A friend.
Whose friend?
Yours. The peoples. Allan nodded at the two criminals. Not theirs. Are you Captain William?
I am.
The older man is Merrick. He owns a pawn shop on the Street of the Bass. The boy is Callum. Callum led a band of boy thieves. Merrick bought what the boys stole, and sometimes told them who to steal from.
How do I know youre telling the truth?
Theyll confess to your crimes. If you go to Merricks shop, youll find a young woman there. One of the boys is her brother. Ask her how she came to be in Merricks bed.
I see.
Its also possible that some of the items for sale in Merricks shop are stolen property.
Why should I believe you?
Allan was aware that, just because he spoke the truth to the Captain, he wouldnt be believed. He knew that he would have to convince the Captain in other ways. But he didnt have letters, or a way to show the Captain what the two had been doing. The only thing Allan could do to make the Captain take him seriously was use magic.
Which was another reason for Allan to have chosen his hiding place. He concentrated for a moment, then stepped away from the edge of the floor. He floated forward a couple of paces.
The Captain gasped. His eyes widened. Youre a mage!
Yes. Allan floated to the ground floor. He kept a few paces of distance between himself and the Captain. I use magic to help people, Captain. I used magic to find Callum. I used magic to set fire to this place, to get away from Callums gang of thieves. I used magic to carry both of these criminals away from the city.
Did you use magic to make them talk?
A little magic. Mostly, I didnt share any of my food and water with them until they told me the truth.
I see.
When Merrick confessed to me, he asked me to take him to Captain Thomas.
The Captains eyes narrowed. Why would he do that?
Because Captain Thomas protects Merrick and his boys. Merrick also told me that he protects another group of thieves, run by a man named Simon.
The Captain nodded his head. Now that you say that, it explains why the proof I had against a pair of boys disappeared.
What happened, Captain?
A few of the guards under me brought in two boys. Theyd been seen breaking into a home. The guards caught them with rings and coins. The rings and coins were taken to the barracks vault while the boys were held in jail. A few days later, when the Public Court convened, the rings and coins were gone. The man who owned the home the boys broke into never appeared to testify.
Allan gestured at Merrick. He told me similar stories about his own boys.
Are you sure that Thomas is the one?
Of course. Thats what Merrick said.
The Captain shook his head. That wont be enough, friend. It would be Merricks word against a Captain of the Guard. Even if we find the other boys in Merricks gang, they wont know enough to say who helped them go free.
What do you need to send Captain Thomas to jail?
Proof that Thomas has some connection to this Simon. That man will have to confirm what Merrick says.
Allan nodded. Youll get your proof, Captain.
How? I cant use magic?
I can. One way or the other, Ill get you your proof.
Why? Why do you care? Who are you, anyway?
Im a young man with a new gift, Captain. Others who had this gift used it to help themselves, and it led to their downfall. Allan chose to smile to the Captain. Just as it seems Captain Thomas is using his status to help himself. Im not going to follow such bad examples. I trust you wont either.
No, I dont. I take being a member of His Lordships Guard seriously.
Then know that a man, who calls himself Defender, takes his gift seriously, and intends to use it to help people. Ill send you a message when I have the proof you need. Allan drew his rod without another word, and flew away.
***
Allan pondered the matter of getting Captain William the proof he needed over breakfast the following morning. Reading through Damiens books on spells gave him the answer. One book detailed the enchanting of a listening stone. The idea was that a spell was cast into a stone to allow it to hear what was said around it. Another spell was cast into the stone so it remembered what was said, and a third that allowed the stone to repeat what it heard.
Damien wrote that mages would create listening stones to spy on their enemies, and on the enemies of their allies. When it came to the latter, they would create multiple listening stones. Most were enchanted to hear everything, but replaced daily. One, though, would hear only what the mage wanted it to when the first stone spoke. That way an ally didnt have to listen to long conversations about nothing to get the important information.
Allan chose to follow that example. He started by enchanting one stone. That night he found Simons shop. He searched for a spot where the stone could be hidden. Once he hid the stone, he returned to his castle.
The next day he enchanted another stone. That night he retrieved the first and installed the second. The following day he enchanted a third stone, and listened to the first. He heard nothing of value, so that night he swapped out the second with the third. The day after that, he heard what he wanted to hear. That night he retrieved the third stone. He spent the morning of the fifth day preparing the stone for the Captain. He returned to the city in the afternoon, and sent a message to Captain William to expect a visitor that night. 
When night came, Allan made sure to land on the roof of the Captains home with a bit of noise. He lifted off from the roof, and set down in the alley behind the house. He stood and waited for the Captain to come out. Moments later the Captain came out through the back door of his modest home.
Captain, Allan called out, as quietly as he could.
The Captain looked in his direction. Its you.
I made a promise. Now I keep it. Allan stepped towards the man. He held up the stone in his gloved hand. I have something for you to hear.
Yes?
Allan stroked a line on the stone. A harsh voice spoke. Ah, Captain, come for business, have we?
Business, aye, a man said. His voice was higher and smoother than the first. I think your business is about to get much better.
Thomas, Captain William muttered.
Been giving some thought to poor Merrick, the second man said. I think it would be good if the fellow went to jail.
I cant disagree, the first man replied.
However, youll need to sit on your boys for a bit. Make the common folk feel a little safer and all.
Sure. What about Merricks boys?
Ill see if I cant get a name or two for you.
Thats going to be more bellies to fill. Plus the fact that I have to keep my own boys at their place for a week or two.
Were impounding Merricks shop. I could arrange for some of the property in the shop, along with some of the coins in his till, to be sent your way.
 That would be most helpful, Captain.
Good. I think that concludes our business for today.
Always a pleasure to see you, Captain.
Allan stroked a second line carved onto the stone. That should be enough, Captain William. He handed the stone to the man.
The Captain looked at the stone in his palm for a moment or two. He shook his head. I thank you, friend, but I cant play this in Public Court.
I didnt think you could. You could play that to Simon, or to Thomas.
I suppose.
I knew when I made that listening stone, that you wouldnt be able to take it to Public Court. But you can play that for one or both of them somewhere else. You can tell them that someone known only as Defender heard them talk. This Defender gave you an ancient enchanted stone with their conversation about it.
Its not ancient.
No, but they dont need to know that.
I suppose not.
They do need to know that theres a man who knows about them, and knows where to find ancient enchanted objects.
Why?
Fear. Criminals fear getting caught because they fear punishment. Right now Simon doesnt fear punishment because Thomas helps him. Thomas doesnt fear punishment because hes a Captain of the Guard.
Who are they supposed to fear?
Me.
You? You may know magic, but youre hardly a fearsome figure.
You dont know who I am, do you?
No.
That means you dont know my name, or where I live. You dont know what my face really looks like without this mask. You cant be sure youre even looking at me. After all, I could be casting an illusion spell on me.
The Captain paused for an instant. No.
That also means they dont know who I am or what I look like. That means that, if they arent punished under the law, I could punish them outside of the law.
Be a vigilante? Thats not lawful, either.
No, but unless I tell you what I do, you wont know what I did, will you?
The Captain let out a laugh. Indeed not.
Allan nodded once. Thats the fear they need, Captain. They need to know that if they dont confess to their crimes, someone else is going to punish them. Someone you dont know. Someone they dont know. Someone with access to magic.
The Captain echoed Allans nod. Make confessing seem better than trying to get away with their crimes.
Just so.
The Captain looked at the stone again, then at Allan. Fair enough.
Good. Now that Ive helped you, you need to help me.
Help you with what?
Help me in two ways. First, you need to make sure everyone knows about how Thomas abused his authority. You need to make sure another guard as corrupt at Thomas doesnt take his place. The guards should protect all the people, not just their friends, or those who can pay His Lordships taxes.
How does that help you?
If the guards are honest, and protect everyone, I dont need to do things like enchant listening stones, and casting fire spells to flee from criminals.
A fair point, I suppose. Whats the other help you need?
I want to know about Conner's Crew.
***
Allan put his hand on the doorknob and pushed. He opened the back door to the shop that had belonged to Merrick. He closed the door behind him, walked through the office room, and into the shop room.
The shelves and cabinets were empty. The word around the city was that the stolen property Merrick still had was being returned to their rightful owners. The rest of the merchandise was to be sold by His Lordship to pay for the jailing of so many criminals. Allan was sure the first action was right, but not so sure about the second. He understood that filling up the city jail was an expense, and he was glad that His Lordship wasnt raising taxes to do that. He wondered if the coins raised might be better spent taking care of poor children, so that the boys swept off the streets wouldnt be replaced by more boys in need.
After a quick look around the vacant shop, Allan headed up the spiral staircase. He had taken one step past the staircase when Elsie appeared at the other end of the short corridor.
This was the first time he was able to really see her. He remembered from some night back that she had a cute face. She turned out to be half a head shorter than him with a slender build. She was wearing simple dress tied at her waist. The bottom of the dress was frayed, and its color had faded from white to dull cream, but it was otherwise clean.
You! she said. She ran at him. You ruined everything! She came up to him, and pounded her fists on his chest.
Allan grabbed her wrists. He shook her, then squeezed them just enough to turn her anger into fear. I ruined nothing, Elsie.
You sent my brother to jail! You sent Merrick to jail!
Your brother lived by stealing. Merrick sold what your brother and his friends stole.
So?
They broke the law.
Who are you to stop them? Youre a young man in a mask!
Im a young man who used to live on the streets, like you and your brother did.
Her eyes narrowed. Youre lying.
Im telling the truth.
Then why did you send everyone to jail?
Because the law has to work for everyone. Some of the people your brother and his friends stole from werent that much better off than you and he were. They worked hard to have just a little, and it was taken away from them. Do you think that would make them rich, or make them poor?
She glared at him but didnt answer his question.
I see. He loosened his grip on her wrists. Merrick was using your brother and his friends to make himself richer. But he wasnt making them richer, and he wasnt making rich the people the boys stole from. Then theres you.
What about me?
I had a sister. An older sister. I would never had offered her to a man in exchange for food, or shelter, or coins. She wouldnt have sold me, either.
Why not?
Because its wrong. You dont hurt people you care about. If your brother cared about you, hed have protected your virginity, not sold it.
Im not a whore.
No, you were just whored out to one man.
Why are you so mean?
Why are you so foolish?
She tried to wriggle free. He tightened his grip.
Dont tell me you dont know what your brother did to you. If youve spent any time on the streets, you know what he did.
She stopped wriggling. He had to.
No, he didnt, not if he cared about you. And what about all that time you spent in Merricks bed? You could be pregnant.
Im not.
Did he wear a sheath?
She opened her mouth, then closed it and shook her head.
Like I said, Elsie, you could be pregnant. What do you think would happen if you did get pregnant? Do you think Merrick would marry you? Would he give you coins so you could support the baby? Or would he toss you out of his bed so he could take up with another girl?
She looked down at the floor.
What about your brother? If you got pregnant, and Merrick kicked you out, would he keep your brother in his band of thieves? I expect hed boot him out, or make him choose between you and his dishonest living.
I hadnt thought about that, she said. Allan was surprised at how young she suddenly sounded.
Neither of you did. Yet you both live on the streets. You should have thought of that.
She looked up at him. But we had to survive.
Stealing and whoring might keep you alive today, but what about tomorrow? Not every girl survives childbirth. Not every thief gets away easy. You, your brother, and all the rest live for today. That works for a while, then one day tomorrow comes, and its not like the day before. Something goes bad, and there you are, hurt, or in jail, or dying. 
What else is there?
Theres learning from your mistakes. I dont know about your brother, Elsie, but you have that chance.
I dont have anything.
He let go of her wrists. Yes, you do. You have your experience. You have a voice.
What are you talking about?
Tomorrow morning, I want you to go to the Temple of the Moon.
I cant be one of those priestesses.
You dont have to be one, Elsie. Go there, tell them your story, and ask for their help. You know that they try to help those who ask.
Of course.
Then ask for it.
Then what?
Dont just ask for food, or a place to stay. Ask them to help you tell your story to others. People need to know what happened to you.
Why?
Because people need to know what happens when we dont care for each other. You and your brother lived on the streets because someone didnt care about you as children. Your brother became a thief to survive. You were whored out to Merrick so that your brother could survive. Your brother and Merrick abused you, Elsie.
They never hit me.
They used you, and thats the same thing. Your brother offered you to Merrick. Merrick made you bed him for his pleasure. Did either of them ask you if thats what you wanted?
No.
Do you think theyd take care of you if you got pregnant?
She was quiet for a moment, then she shook her head and let out a breath.
A brother shouldnt treat his sister that way, Elsie. A man shouldnt use a woman for pleasure, then get rid of her when she cant give him any more pleasure. People dont always see the results of their actions. You might not make your brother or Merrick see, but you can make other people see. Maybe by telling them what happened to you, theyll think before they hurt someone else, or not help someone else.
You really think so?
I dont know. I do what I do because no one else seems to be doing it. I hope Im making the city a better place. Maybe if you tell people what happened to you, youll also make the city better for everyone. You certainly couldnt make it worse by speaking up.
I guess not. She turned her head left. Is that why you came here?
Yes. I wanted to see how you were doing. I had an idea about how you might get along, now that Merrick and your brother are in jail. I came here, and I told you what I wanted to tell you.
Why bother?
He let out a breath. Because I had a sister, once. She cared for me, and I cared for her. No one seemed to be caring for you.
Youre a strange young man.
I know. Thats whats wrong with this city. He took in a breath. Promise me, tomorrow morning, youll go to the Temple.
She nodded. I will. Its not like I have many other places to go.
Good. Go to the Temple, and tell the priestesses why youre there. Tell them your story, Elsie. People need to know.
I will, I promise.
He nodded once to her. Be well.
Where are you going?
Merricks band of thieves, and Simons, arent responsible for all the crime that goes on in this city. They arent the only ones bribing guards and hurting people. Someone has to stop them, too. It looks as though that someone is me. I have men to hunt for, and information to obtain. I said what I wanted to say to you. I hope Ive helped you. Now, I need to go and help someone else. Goodbye, Elsie. Do be well.
Allan thought about touching her cheek, or even giving her a kiss. He decided not to. This is about doing whats right. Its not about saving pretty girls so I can get a kiss from them. Instead he nodded to her one more time. He turned, went down the stairs, and left the shop the way he came in.
SIX




Allan sighed.
He needed to consider the information hed gathered before deciding on what he could do to bring down Conners Crew. If was going to do something about them, he had to come up with a plan.
He started with what he had known from his days living on the streets with his sister. The Crew operated among the shops, taverns, and brothels in the river district. They would pick a shop or a tavern, and demand payment from the owner in exchange for the business not being hit by thieves. If the owner refused to pay, not only might the shop be hit with a theft, but any goods that were usually brought to the shop would be intercepted and sold elsewhere. The Crew had another weapon when it came to taverns: start fights in them to cause damage.
Usually the shop owners paid when approached. Only when someone opened a new place, or when an established place was taken over by an owner unfamiliar with the Crew, might the owner not pay for protection. The attacks on those shops taught everyone else to do as the Crew demanded.
Allan thought about trying to do something about the members of the Crew that collected the protection payments. Those payments were made during the day, however. If he was going to remain in his disguise, he had to act at night.
As much as it might be nice to be seen stopping one of those thugs, that would also mean Id be seen casting spells. That would be nothing but trouble.
Since that method of attack wasnt wise, Allan considered what he had learned over the last month from asking around, and from what Captain William had told him. The Crew was safe because two well-off businesses employed them. They in turn used their influence on His Lordship, the Lords advisors, and the Lords Guards to protect the Crew. One was the Inn of the Black Stallion; they used members of the Crew to compel those who gambled at their back room card tables to pay their debts in full and on time. The other was Fair John and Sons Riverboat Trading; they hired members of the Crew to protect their boats, and occasionally steal merchandise from rivals for them to sell.
Going after anyone hired by the trading company would be foolish. The only time they would be working would be when the protected a shipment. An attack there would look more life theft than justice. There was also the fact that Allan would have to deal with several armed men at once.
That left the thugs who collected debts for the inn. They acted alone, which meant Allan would have no trouble dealing with them. They acted at odd hours, including at night. Then there was the last piece of news the Captain gave him: because most gamblers paid up, not many in the Crew dealt with gamblers. That meant they were often used by the Crew in other jobs.
For me, that means getting my hands on one of those debt collectors might allow me to learn more about the Crew and what theyre up to.
While that suggested an approach, it also raised a problem. How do I find a member of the Crew out collecting? A few moments reflection suggested to Allan that he go to the Inn. He could try his hand at wagering, and all the while ask around.
What if no one talks?
The obvious answer to that was to get into debt. That would be easy enough; the real problem was what happened then.
I have enough coins from breaking up Merricks gang to afford decent clothes and make a few wagers. But if I wanted to get into real debt, Id have to look like the sort of young man who could afford large bets. Otherwise, they probably wouldnt allow me to make large bets.
Id also have to tell the Inn where I lived, or if I was from elsewhere, where I was staying. They might send someone with me to make sure I was who I said I was.
Allans mind paused for an instant. Yes, they might do that. That would be an easy way to capture a member of the Crew. I could pretend to be some young fop from another city. I get into trouble wagering, and tell them that I have more coins at my room at my inn. Someone goes with me to make certain I pay up. Thats when I make my move.
He rubbed his face. Ill shave, then go into the city tomorrow to buy clothes. What else do I need to do?
I need some way of disabling a man quickly and quietly. What about crafting another rod, this one with a sleep spell? Very well, then.
Be alert, Conners Crew. Defender is about to stand up to you.
***
Allan struck the back of his hand across the face of the big man. Wake up!
The man shook his head. His eyes fluttered open. What? Whats going on?
Youre my prisoner, Davy.
Who? The mans body shook. His eyes narrowed; he appeared to realize that his hands were tied behind his back. He blinked a few times, then gasped. Who are you? Why are you wearing that mask?
Perhaps youve heard of the Defender.
You? Youre the man who took out Merricks and Simons boys?
I am.
What do you want with me?
Allan reached out. He cast a spell so that he pushed against the thugs face without touching it. Are you so thick, Davy? You beat up men to get them to pay gambling debts. You force shop owners to pay you for protection from your own Crew. If they dont pay, you steal from them to make them pay.
So what? Men have to make a living.
Not by crime they dont. If you wont be honest men, then you ought to be rotting in jail.
Whos going to stop us? You?
Allan reached out again. This time his magic allowed him to lift up the other mans legs. He pulled the man up from the floor slowly until the man was hanging upside down. Allan stood up and walked around the man. He smiled. Yes, me.
Put me down!
Give me a reason why.
This hurts!
You live by hurting others, Davy. I dont care if this hurts you a little.
What if I let you in on a job?
What kind of job?
A Crew job. A big one.
Tell me more.
Set me down!
Tell me more, and Ill let you down. Tell me enough, and I wont drop you.
Fine! In the next week or so, the Crew will be raiding a warehouse.
A warehouse? By the riverside?
Where else?
What warehouse are you going to raid?
We havent been told which one yet.
What are you supposed to steal?
We havent been told, but its supposed to be the haul of a lifetime.
Why would anyone tell you that?
Boss Conners been keeping an eye on all of us. In a day or two hes supposed to pick the men for this job. Only the best men get in and get a share. If you come with me, Im sure well both get picked.
Allan let out a breath. He closed his eyes, and dispelled the magic hed used on the thug. The other man sank to the floor.
So, youre going to come with me, right? the man asked once he was on his back again.
No. You are going to keep answering my questions.
What?
Either answer my questions, or Ill use my magic to turn you into a fish and toss you into the river.
Allan had to try not to laugh. The threat was absurd. There were no transmogrification spells in Damiens books. The long-dead mage had hinted that such spells might be possible, but wrote that it might take a lifetime to come up with one.
But the big man wouldnt know that. Most people of Damiens time, the mage had written, only had the slightest knowledge of how magic worked and what mages could do. They imagined far greater feats than were possible even with a group of mages working together. Their imaginations made them fearful, and many a mage was happy to exploit that fear to his advantage.
Damien had written that, although he usually despised such fear, he conceded that it had its uses. Invoking that fear in someone who, deep down, was a coward, not only kept you safe from them, but was a way of getting the best of them. Bullies preyed on such fears, but if you made them fearful, you could bring those bullies down. One of Damiens regrets was that other mages didnt always try to invoke such fears in the nastier members of the nobility.
What a world we might have had if we were so wise, he wrote with obvious sadness.
That passage struck a nerve with Allan. He realized that criminals were bullies, and therefore cowards. Making other people fear them made them strong. Getting at their fears would weaken them.
Allan forced himself to frown darkly at the thug after making his threat. You felt me lift you into the air without my hands, he continued. You felt me push on your face without ever touching you. I can burn you or freeze you. Dont think I wont go farther if you dont answer my questions.
Fine, fine! What do you want to know?
Lets start with the names and faces of the other men in the Crew. I need to know who I might have to deal with, if Im going to do something about that warehouse raid.
***
Once Allan had time to mull over the possibility of the Crew breaking into a warehouse and stealing goods, he understood that he had a problem. Because he didnt know what warehouse the Crew had picked, or even on what day the crime might happen, he had nothing to tell Captain William. The guards might watch over the wrong warehouse. They might watch for a few nights then be away when the raid occurred. Until the crime happened, there was no reason for the Captain to have anyone arrested.
Allan needed to know more, either for the Captain to act, or for him to get involved. He had used up his disguise as a well-to-do young man. Indeed, once Davy went missing, the Crew might try to find the young man he escorted from the Inn. More importantly, he couldnt try to capture any more members of the Crew. One disappearance wouldnt be important; a second, and the attack on the warehouse might not happen.
That suggested only one other possibility: go to the trading companies in the city and ask questions. Allan couldnt do that dressed as he had when he captured Davy. For one thing, the Crew might spot him and force him to tell where Davy was. For another, men at the companies were unlikely to answer questions from a prying young man, no matter how new his clothes were.
They might answer the questions of a merchant looking to hire them, he mused.
That meant hed not only have to dress well, but hed have to use magic to change his appearance. It took him a few tries, and the better part of a day, to get make sure he wouldnt look like himself, yet still look right. The next morning he returned to the city, wearing his new and older face.
His first visit was to the Elderwood River and Overland Company. A clerk pushed him to a man whose title was Manager. The manager told Allan that the company mainly moved food to and from the domain. We have shipped other goods on occasion, the man added, but food is our specialty.
I see, Allan replied. I might need something to go out in a week or so. Would your boats be occupied?
We expect to receive a shipment of barley in a few days. Nothing will be set until then.
And you expect nothing to go out?
I expect a boat will head out a few days after that, unless your need is more urgent.
Allan shook his head. Its not that urgent. Ill return when Im ready.
He left that company and headed for the second such business in the city, Samuels Trading and Shipping. This time Allan spoke to the owner, a fat man named Nathan who explained that Samuel was his grandfather. At first Nathan was as forthcoming at the other man had been. Then Allan told him that he might want to send out a shipment in a week or so.
Nathan shook his head. I cant help you there, friend.
Why not?
Id rather not say.
Am I to guess if I might be able to hire you? Dont you want my business?
I am always looking for business, friend. But the next week or so we shall be otherwise employed. I can help you sooner, or later, just not that week.
 Allan thanked the man for his time and left. The only other company in the city was Fair John and Sons Riverboat Trading. Since it was connected to the Crew, it seemed unlikely to him that their warehouse would be the target of the Crew.
Considering what that Nathan fellow said, Allan mused on his walk through the city, or didnt say, Samuels warehouse must be the one the Crew is planning to rob. I still dont know what they plan to steal, or when they intend to carry out the robbery.
Well, if I know their target, then I know where to keep watch.
When, though? Day or night?
It would have to be at night. Guards, workers, and ordinary people would be about during the day. There arent as many guards awake at night, and the city streets will be quiet otherwise. That means Ill need to start resting during the day, so I can keep watch at night.
This is much harder than I thought it would be.
***
For five nights, Allan perched on rooftops close to the river district, keeping a careful vigil over the warehouse of Samuels Trading and Shipping. For five nights, Allan struggled to keep focused as nothing happened.
Then, after sunset on the sixth night, a boat appeared on the river. As it was coming upriver, it had a single sail open. Even with the sail, the boat looked like any other cargo boat that came or went. It was wider than two wagons, maybe as wide as three. It was at least as long as three wagons and their teams of horses. There was a post at the rear of the boat for steering.
One man was guiding the boat towards the short pier that led to the warehouse. Three men were towards the front of the boat. Allan noticed that all three men were armed with swords. Sitting under the mast of the sail was a lump of cloth, like a blanket thrown over a sleeping person.
Allan was about to fly towards the warehouse when he saw six men approach the building from the street side. Allan needed a moment to focus his vision. He recognized two of the men at once as members of the Crew that Davy had described. Allan decided to watch before he took action.
A man came out of the warehouse and onto the pier. Two of the trio on the boat helped as the man tied up the craft to the pier. The man at the rear of the boat came forward and removed the cloth. Two boxes had been sitting under the cloth.
Two of the men from the boat got onto the pier. The other two lifted one of the boxes and handed it to the first pair. They carried the first box into the warehouse, then the second. The second pair of men got off the boat and followed them into the building.
Almost at the exact moment that the men carrying the second box entered the warehouse from the riverside, the six men of the Crew burst into the building from the street side.
Allan lifted off from his spot and flew towards the warehouse. He heard cries and sounds of men being hit just before he landed. He dashed in through the open door. The four men from the boat, and the man who had helped them secure the boat, were lying on the floor by the door they had come in from. All five were curled into balls, holding their bodies.
Two of the members of the Crew were holding one of the boxes. Two more were bent over the other boxes. One of the Crew was standing over the five beaten men. The last member, the best-dressed of the group, was the one who saw Allan come in.
Who are you? he demanded.
Allan pointed at the men. Put down the boxes, and leave.
Whos going to make us? You? The man looked at his comrades. Get him!
Allan waited until the five men were charging at him. He cast a wind spell to knock them down. He cast a flight spell to leap at the sixth man. The man was still gaping at Allan when he kicked the man in the chest while landing.
Allan pulled a club from his belt. The club was something hed made and enchanted. Knowing that he was going to be outnumbered, he decided that hed need an edge. Having a weapon would be helpful. Having a weapon that cast a pain spell on anyone he with it would be much better.
One of the five men had gotten to his feet. Allan moved towards him. He ducked the mans right-arm swing. He jabbed the enchanted end of the club into the mans belly. The man fell to his knees.
Another man charged at him. Allan struck him across the face. The man screamed and bent over. Allan pushed the man at two other attackers who were closing on him.
The fifth man had drawn a dagger. Allan let him come at him. When the dagger impacted Allans charmed leather chest armor, it slid away and out of the mans hands. The thug stared dumbstruck for a moment. Allan struck the man with his club across his face, then slammed him in the gut.
With the six members of the Crew down, Allan walked from one to the other, pummeling them with his club until they were subdued. By then one of the five men whod been set upon had recovered enough to be sitting up. His eyes were wide as Allan approached him.
Can you stand? Allan asked him.
What?
Get up!
The man jumped up.
Find the nearest guards, and tell them what happened.
The man nodded and ran off.
Allan checked the six members of the Crew for additional weapons, and to make sure they werent able to resist. Once hed disarmed them, and struck a couple of men one more time, he headed out the riverside door. He slipped the club back onto his belt, and flew back home.
***
Two nights later Allan landed on the roof of Captain Williams house. By the time he reached the back door, the Captain was outside. The older man nodded to Allan when he saw his masked face.
That was quite an accomplishment, the Captain said.
I wish I could say I did what anyone would do, but I know I cant.
I dont think anyone could have done what you did.
What do you mean? A few more guards would have stopped the robbery.
The Captain shook his head. You dont know?
Pretend that I dont.
The older man let out a laugh. That boat was bringing in silver ingots for His Lordship to make coins.
That explains quite a lot, Captain.
It does, and yet it doesnt. We dont yet know why Conners Crew would attempt such a robbery.
The silver, obviously.
Thats obvious enough. But why incur the wrath of His Lordship?
Allan paused. He glanced away from the Captain for a moment. Because they have little to fear from His Lordships guards.
They shouldnt, and yet they did. Heres another question for you. How did they know the silver was coming?
Allan sucked in a breath. Someone told them they it was coming.
I think so.
Do you know who?
No one in the Crew is talking. I believe only a few men within His Lordships inner circle would have known that the silver was coming.
One of His Lordships advisors has a friend in Conners Crew.
Perhaps its the reverse thats true.
Allan paused again. The Crew was enlisted to steal the silver. Why?
I can think of two reasons right away. One is that this man intended to steal from His Lordship. He might have been greedy. He might have wanted to embarrass His Lordship. He might even have wanted silver to pay to overthrow His Lordship.
And the other reason?
The man did so on orders from His Lordship.
Why?
If the silver went missing, His Lordship would demand replacement from His Majesty. It would be an easy way to gather extra silver for some scheme, or just to be that much more rich. Its not like the Kingdom would collapse if two boxes of silver disappeared.
You realize what youre suggesting, Captain?
Ive been in the Lords Guards almost twenty years now, Defender. I know what goes on in this city. I know what goes on in the Kingdom. Im not suggesting anything that any intelligent fellow here wont suspect. If you arent that suspicious, then youre not as smart as you think you are.
I know the streets are corrupt, Captain. I know that corruption goes up to the wealthy folk. I suppose I never thought it would go up to His Lordship.
I may well go that high.
Allan nodded once. All the more reason to keep fighting, Captain.
Really?
Yes. How are ordinary folk going to be safe, if the wealthy, even His Lordship or his friends, can buy criminals?
Youre making powerful enemies.
Allan found himself smiling. A wise man once wrote that there are two tests of a man. One is how many friends he has. The other is how strong his enemies are.
Who wrote that?
No one youve read, Captain.
Youre an unusual fellow if youre well-read, friend.
Im not that well-read, but I have read a few of the right books.
Books on magic, you mean?
Magic, yes, but also history. We can talk about books and wisdom later, Captain. For now, I need to know how to keep that attempted silver robbery from happening again.
For now, nothing. So far the members of the Crew are turning on each other.
What about Boss Conner?
Were getting close. The question is, will he turn on anyone to save himself?
Whats your answer, Captain?
If someone close to His Lordship told him about the silver, there wouldnt be any letters or witnesses to any meetings. Today a few merchants came forward to give testimony about what the Crew did to them. I think more folk will speak up in the days to come. That might be enough to send the whole Crew to jail for a long time.
Without any of them having to admit to anything more serious?
Not in the least. Again, quite the accomplishment.
Allan shook his head. But not enough, Captain.
What do you propose we do?
You keep pursuing the rest of the Crew, and any other criminals on the streets.
And you?
Ive heard tales of a secret brothel, a dark brothel. Do you know anything about it?
The Captain looked down for a moment. Ive heard things.
What things?
The Captain faced him. I dont know if I should tell you. What little I know suggests that the owner is protected.
Protected? Allan sucked in a breath. By His Lordship, or one of his friends.
Probably.
What else?
The Captain pressed his lips together before answering. That a man can satisfy desires he cant otherwise, for the right price. That young women disappear there and never come out. That there are children there, children of the women who service the customers, and who end up serving the customers and their children.
And because its protected, you and your men cant go there.
Hardly anyone in the Lords Guards knows the place exists.
How do you know?
For the same reason why I couldnt be bought. I came from the streets. I know what its like to struggle. I know what its like to get taken advantage of. I know what happens to folk when they give in or give up. The only way to not end up like that is to be better than you are, or worse. I chose better.
You should be rewarded for making that choice, Captain. Everyone who does should be rewarded.
Its a nice thing to say.
Its the right thing to say. I know the streets, too, Captain. I know right from wrong. Just because wrong pays off now and again, that doesnt make it right. If half of what you said about this brothel is true, then its wrong, and it has to stop. Allan took a breath. Perhaps stopping it will lead to who wanted that silver stolen.
Perhaps.
Do you know where this brothel is?
All I know is that its hidden somewhere in the better part of the merchant district. I wouldnt be wise for me to ask around, at least not now.
I wouldnt want you to, Captain. The man, or men, who hired the Conner Crew need to feel as though theyve evaded a blow. They cant know that a bigger strike is coming until it hits them.
The Captain nodded. Theyll lash out if they suspect.
Theyll lash out at who they can find. They cant find me, and I dont have any family to threaten. You and your guards do.
Youll take that risk, for us?
Of course. Sometimes, to help someone, you have to sacrifice for them. There were times when a sibling of mine gave me more than an equal share of food and water. I was sick, and she wasnt. She told me it was what brothers and sisters do for each other. Its what folk do for whom they care about.
You care that much about me? I dont even know your name.
I care about those who care for others. I care about those who are honest, and good, and kind. Like I said, those are things that should be rewarded. This will be your reward, Captain.
Very well, then. Thank you.
Dont thank me yet.
Right.
You can tell me where I might start to look for this dark brothel.
The only men who are likely to know are wealthy. I doubt your magic could loosen their tongues, assuming you could find an actual customer.
Allan took in a breath, then let it out. Perhaps I dont have to find a customer. Perhaps what I need is a potential customer.
I dont follow.
You probably shouldnt, Captain.
No, I suppose not. I do wish I knew who you were.
Youre safer if you dont. Im safer if you dont. Besides, I might be someone no one knows. The mask might be more important than the man wearing it.
I think theyre both important.
Youre a kind man, Captain. Good night.
Good night, Defender.
Allan nodded to the Captain one last time, then flew up and into the darkness.
SEVEN




Allan took a deep breath.
He bent down over his captive. He knew that he was taking a chance. He had stolen away Neville, the son of Lord Gillam, and heir to His Lordships title, off the streets. He put the young man to sleep immediately and whisked him to the abandoned house he used as a hideout.
He had followed to young man for a few nights to make sure he had the right youth in his sights. The young man resembled his father. His nose was prominent, as his fathers was, and he was fair-haired like His Lordship. He was tall and had a solid build.
The question Allan had was whether the son was the same sort of man his father was. Word around town was that Neville hadnt yet been corrupted by his upbringing as his father had been. He was more raised by his mother and the familys servants than by his father. No one was certain if he would be a better man than his father or just the same.
Time to find out. He jerked the gag out of the young mans mouth. He shook the young mans shoulders to wake him up.
The young mans eyes fluttered open. He looked up, and saw Allan in his mask. His eyes widened. An instant later he appeared to notice that his wrists were bound behind his back. Who are you? he asked. He sounded more fearful than defiant.
I am the Defender, Master Neville, Allan answered. He smiled, and gave the young man a formal bow of his head.
What? Neville looked him up and down. Youre the fellow that broke up the bands of thieves, and stopped the men who plotted to steal our silver.
The same.
What do you want with me? Neville sneered. Do you intend to replace them with your own gang?
Indeed not, Master Neville. I fight crime. I dont commit crimes.
Neville shook his bound arms. No?
I need your attention. I plan to release you later.
Why? Whats going on?
Master Neville, havent you wondered how it was that criminals knew that a boat was coming with silver for His Lordship?
They paid off someone at the company.
No. The company kept the secret. I imagine only the owner knew that the silver was coming, and when it was coming. The criminals were powerful, but they never tried to bribe anyone at the company. So, I ask again, how did they know the silver was coming?
Father didnt tell them.
Are you sure?
Of course!
What about the men around your father?
Neville opened his mouth, then paused.
Allan tried not to smile at the reaction. Not so certain, are you?
You lie. Neville sounded only partly sincere.
I speculate. I ask the question, and try to find the answer that makes the most sense. Neville, the answer that makes the most sense is that someone near to your father told Boss Conner about that silver. The attempt to steal the silver wasnt by chance, but by design.
Allan bent down again. This time he pushed Neville onto his side. He united his wrists, then his ankles. He helped the other man to stand up.
What do you want from me? Neville asked once he was on his feet. He had a look in his eyes that told Allan that he wasnt about to run away, but instead wanted to know what was going on.
The truth. Who among your fathers advisors would know about the silver?
Master Kenneth, the Lords Treasurer. I believe Captain Mitchell was told. Neville shook his head. I dont know of anyone else, but that doesnt mean that no one else around Father knew.
I see.
Do you think it was one of them?
Captain Mitchell is not a good man, but he has no connections to criminals on the street. What of Master Kenneth?
Neville shook his head. His body shuddered. I dont like that man.
Why not?
I believe he has dark tastes in amusement.
The dark brothel thats rumored to exist? Master Kenneth goes there?
I believe so.
What do you know about it?
Im told its in an opulent residence next to the merchant district.
Youve been there?
Ive heard things, Defender. I didnt think I should learn more.
Why not?
Im betrothed to Lady Juliet of Hillview. The marriage arrangement is a chance to forge peace between rival domains, so I was told. His Majesty suggested the engagement to Father, to maintain the peace. Her family are pious members of the Temple of the Moon, and frown upon brothels and mistresses.
Why should that matter to you?
Like Father, I would rather not displease His Majesty.
This Lady Juliet, do you like her?
Neville nodded. We havent met, but we have been corresponding. She seems to be nice girl. Why do you ask?
I ask because I wanted to know if youre a good man. A good man wouldnt cheat on his bride-to-be, or his wife.
You sound like Mother.
If so, then shes a wise woman. Far wiser than your father.
Neville pressed his lips together. He glanced at the dirt floor for a moment. Ill tell her you said that.
In private, and later. For now, you need to keep your distance from your father, and from Master Kenneth.
Why?
Think about it, Neville. Assume Master Kenneth told Boss Conner about the silver. Why would he want to?
Coins? Neville shook his head. No, they were bars. The Lords Treasury would stamp them into coins.
Thats right. Why steal bars of silver?
Neville was silent for a long moment. To embarrass Father?
Thats one reason. Your father would look bad in His Majestys eyes if he wasnt able to secure two boxes of silver bars.
That seems like a great deal of trouble to go to, just to make Father look bad.
It would be, but there are other reasons for the attempt that might link to that one.
Such as what?
Your father would look bad, but two boxes of silver wouldnt be a burden for His Majesty to replace. That would mean that theres double the amount of silver in Elderwood than there should be.
More coins, you mean?
More coins. Someone would have silver to spend, silver that they didnt have to account for to His Majesty, or anyone else.
Like criminals?
Like criminals, yes, but also, say, His Lordships Treasurer.
Neville gasped. Kenneth would be a wealthy man, without a day of work.
He would be a wealthier man, Neville, but yes, youre right.
Still, it seems like quite an effort just to get a stack of silver coins.
Men do less to get fewer coins in their purse, Neville. But it might not be only about one man getting richer.
How so?
As I said, someone would have silver to spend. A man could buy a few thieves. Hire a few arms-men looking for work. Pay off a debt. Perhaps buy the affections of a young woman. Theres many ways to spend several bars worth of silver coins.
I had no idea. Neville frowned. You must think me foolish for saying that.
You dont know criminals, Neville. I do. I lived on the streets. I know what men are capable of, from observation and firsthand knowledge. Allan pointed at Neville. You need to learn those things.
Why? Wouldnt I be tempted?
Good men can resist temptation. I could use my magic to make myself rich and powerful. I could use it to remove your father, kill you and your brothers, and make myself Lord of Elderwood.
Why dont you? Why do you wear a mask, and fight criminals?
I wear the mask so no one knows my face. I fight criminals because they represent whats wrong with us. Theyre selfish and cruel. Thats not how we should live.
As to magic, I dont use it for my own gain because thats what many mages did long ago. They used their power for their own gain. They made enemies, not friends. So when the force that allows mages to cast spells ran low, they turned on each other, and princes and people turned on them. If you dont care about anyone else, no ones going to care about you.
How do you know that?
I found spellbooks. Theyd been preserved by magic. The mage that preserved them wrote down his spells, but also wrote down his observations during the last days of the great mages. He knew what led to their downfall. He wanted whoever found his books to avoid the mistakes they made. He wanted magic used for the good of all, not for the good of a few.
Do you believe what he wrote?
What applied to mages applies to us, doesnt it?
If you dont care about others, theyre not going to care about you?
Wise words, dont you think?
Neville nodded. Yes, I do.
Good.
What now?
I can fly you close to the city, but youll have to get home on your own, since its now past dawn.
Very well.
Otherwise, say nothing of our chat to anyone. Allan paused for an instant, then smiled. Strike that. You may speak to Captain William. Hes an honest man. But dont seek him out if you cant find a reason to give to others.
Sure. What are you going to do?
Find out the reason for that attempt to steal that silver, and get to the bottom of this brothel that everyone fears, but no one closes.
***
Once Allan knew what Master Kenneth looked like, it was easy to keep watch on him. For three nights following his conversation with Neville, Allan followed the Lords Treasurer from the Lords Manor to the mans home.
On the fourth night, as soon as the man was on the street, he turned in a direction other than the one hes gone the previous nights. Allan kept above and behind the man as he walked. The man went to a tavern to eat, then went up one street and down another.
His journey ended at a house. The house appeared to be the residence of a prosperous family. It was white with brown trim, much like every other house around. It was two stories tall, much like its neighbors. It seemed utterly unremarkable.
The man knocked on the door. There was a sound, and the man bent down ever so slightly. The door opened, and the man went into the home.
Allan sighed. That must be the place.
He knew he couldnt knock on the door. Whether his knock was right or wrong, hed never be allowed in. He landed on the walkway leading to the front door. He drew his club and held it in his left hand. He held out his right hand so his palm faced the door. He took several deep breaths, then grunted.
A concentrated blast of wind blew the door off its hinges and into the house. Allan took another breath, then dashed for the house.
The front door opened onto a short hallway. Allan had just stepped through the open door when a large man stepped in front of him. The man was about to draw some sort of weapon; the sheath hinted that it was a knife or a short-sword. Allan jabbed the big man in his belly with his club. That stopped the mans momentum. Allan struck him in the leg to bring him down, then hit his head to keep him down.
A second man, as big as the first, appeared through an interior doorway. Allan charged at him. The man tried to take a swing at him. Allan dodged the blow and landed one of his own on the mans leg. He then struck the man in the groin, then in the upper chest.
Allan paused through the doorway the second man had come out of. The doorway led to a parlor room. Master Kenneth was standing in the middle of the room, next to a shorter man wearing a robe and leggings. Cowering at the foot of a long couch were three young women and a young man.
Who are you? the man in the robe shouted.
The Defender, Allan replied.
Master Kenneth tried to run around him. Allan slammed his club into the mans gut. The man spun wildly and fell to the floor.
The man in the robe came at Allan. Hed drawn a small dagger from somewhere. Allan let the man take an ineffective stab at him. He struck the mans hand with his club. The dagger fell to the floor. Allan struck the man in the gut once, then twice. While the man was bent over in pain, Allan hit him twice in the back.
Allan turned to the quartet by the couch. Dont hurt us, the young man said. His voice shook, and he sounded younger than he looked.
Im not here to hurt you, Allan said. Im here to make sure no one hurts you.
The young man and two of the girls exchanged glances. The third young woman stood up. She was shaking, but some of the fear had left her face.
If I told you where I live, would you take me home? she asked.
Of course.
What about us? the young man asked.
One of the Captains of the Guard is a friend. Ill send him here.
What do we do until they come?
Sleep.
The young man frowned. What?
Allan focused on the young man and cast a sleep spell. The young man went out instantly. Allan put the two girls still kneeling to sleep. He did the same with Master Kenneth, the man in the robe, and the two big men.
The young woman remained in the room while Allan cast his spells. He returned to the room. He slipped his club back in its place on his belt. Give me a moment to catch my breath.
The young woman nodded. Yes, of course.
Whats youre name?
Delilah.
Allan nodded to her. While he caught his breath he looked at her. She was half a head shorter than he was. She had brown hair and brown eyes. The most noticeable thing about her was her figure. She had full breasts and a round bottom. She was wearing tight white dress made of a cloth thinner than Allan thought was possible.
Still winded, he turned to the other young women and the young man. Both women and the man were about Delilahs height. One of the women had red hair and a slender build. The other was curvy, like Delilah, but had dark skin. Both women wore dresses similar to Delilahs. The young man was bare-chested, wore brown leggings, and had fair skin and hair. Allan thought the young mans build was like his when hed first fled to the castle.
Finally he felt his strength return. He held out his left hand for Delilah to take. She took it. He led her outside. He drew his flying rod with his right hand.
Take hold of me. She complied, and Allan felt warm.
He tapped the rod, and they lifted into the air. Where do we go? he asked once they were a good distance up.
My house is on the Street of Maple.
They flew for four blocks. When they were over the street, he asked which way they should head. She was uncertain for a moment, then told him to go left.
They flew for a block and a half. He noticed that they had left the prosperous neighborhood where the brothel had been hidden. The houses along this street were plainer than those of the other neighborhood. Homes of only one story sat between two-story ones.
They landed in front of a one-floor home. As soon as her feet touched the ground, Delilah ran to the front door. She pounded on the door, and called for her father. A moment later the door opened.
Father! Ive come home! She started to embrace the older man in the doorway.
Allan was stunned to see the man push her away. Delilah! What are you doing here?
The Defender brought me home.
This isnt your home, girl.
Allan stepped forward. Your daughter didnt run off, friend. She was kidnapped and made a whore. He looked at the man. The man was tall, gray-haired, and his face was creased with lines. He appeared to be older than Allan thought he ought to be, considering how young Delilah seemed.
She wasnt kidnapped, the man replied.
What are you talking about? Delilah said. It seemed like she was going to start crying.
I already paid for the weddings of two daughters, girl. You knew my business was struggling, yet you didnt take the hints to get out.
You sold your own daughter? Allan asked.
A man has to do what he can to survive.
No, he doesnt.
What do you know, you masked fool?
I know a criminal when I see one.
Hah! No ones going to send me to jail for getting rid of a girl.
Take your daughter in.
And do what? Take care of her all her life? No ones going to marry a whore.
Youre her father!
Not anymore Im not. You want her, you take her.
I will.
Good. The man started to shut the door.
If His Lordship wont punish you, I will.
Get out of here, boy, and take the whore with you.
Allan brought up his left hand. His first impulse was to cast a large fireball and throw it in the mans face. That would be murder, not instruction. He cast a small one, no wider around than the span of his hand. He moved the ball of flame up and over the house, then let it drop onto the roof.
Youre setting my house on fire! the man yelled.
Put it out yourself, Allan replied. He looked at Delilah and held out his right hand. Without hesitation she took it. She embraced him. He used his rod to lift them back into the air.
He flew her to Captain Williams house. This time he landed on the street in front of the house. He pointed to it and said, Thats where Captain William lives.
Your friend?
Yes. Tell him who you are, and what happened to you. Guide him and his men back to the brothel. Tell him that Im going to question Master Kenneth before handing him over.
About what?
About his many misdeeds.
Will I see you again?
I dont know. I hope so, but if not, be well. Let people know what your father did to you. They need to know that men like that exist, and that they cant be allowed to be cruel to their own flesh and blood.
If you want me to, I shall.
He touched her face. Only if you want to, Delilah. Be well, and take care.
***
Two days later Allan walked through the city gate he usually came through during the day. In the past the two guards on duty barely gave him more of a glance. This time one of them stopped him while his companion looked him up and down.
Something wrong? he asked.
Master Kenneth was taken by that masked outlaw, the guard in front of him answered.
Do you think Im him?
Were supposed to check every man who enters the city. Dont know if well find the fellow, since most of his face is masked.
Why bother?
We dont want to get into trouble if a sergeant or one the Captains comes by, the second guard said.
Allan smiled. I see. May I enter now?
The first guard stepped out of his way. Welcome back, and conduct your business. If you see anything suspicious while youre here, report it.
Allan bowed his head. Of course. Thank you, and good day.
He hadnt gotten more than a block into the city when he saw the first poster. It was nailed to a tree in front of a house. In the center of the poster was a rough drawing of what a young man wearing a mask covering the top half of his face looked like. Above the drawing were the words WANTED: MASKED OUTLAW More details were below the drawing.

The masked outlaw who calls himself The Defender is wanted in the kidnapping of Master Kenneth, the Lords Treasurer. This outlaw is also wanted for arson and theft. He is known to move about the city at night, and claims to know magic. If you see this outlaw, or any man acting strangely, alert the Lords Guards immediately.

Something that struck Allan as soon as hed read the poster was that no reward was established. Experience told him that when a man was wanted, a reward would be offered for help in his capture. For a time, after he fled the city a few years back, there were posters with his face on them. They hadnt been up for more than a few months, and had only offered a few gold for him, but there was a reward.
As he continued his journey into the city, he tried to think of why there was no reward for the Defender. Perhaps His Lordship believes that only the guards would be able to handle me. That makes some sense; he wouldnt want folk attempting to capture a mage.
Now that I think about it, it makes more sense that he wouldnt want folk finding out that the Defender was a mage. The might be fearful, but they also might think the Defender was stronger than His Lordship. He might also not want folk to know what the Defender is doing.
I suppose thats the real reason why these posters are up. His Lordship doesnt want his subjects knowing what the Defender knows. Better to make them afraid of the Defender, than angry about what hes been doing.
It was early in the afternoon when Allan entered the city. His plan was to buy some supplies, speak to Neville, then return to the castle. He still had to buy supplies, but the posters he saw around the city made it clear he couldnt approach Neville as the Defender. While he didnt think Neville would call his guards to arrest him, he was concerned that someone else might see him and call out.
The guards arent my enemy, so I shouldnt do anything to provoke them. But I still need to speak to Neville.
Allan decided to take a room at one of the city inns. Thanks to his prisoner, he could afford the expense. He then went out to buy the less perishable items he needed. He also bought a piece of parchment. He scribbled a message to Neville, ostensibly from his bride-to-be. He knew the other man would see immediately that it wasnt from her. He hoped that the note would make Neville curious enough to come to the inn. He hired a boy to carry the message to the Lords Manor. He returned to the inn for supper, then waited in his room.
At the appointed time, there was a knock on the door. Allan cast an illusion spell over him, so that he appeared to be an old man. He opened the door. Neville was in the hall, alone.
Forgive me, I must have the wrong room, Neville say.
No, my boy, Allan replied, doing his best impression of an old man. Come, come.
Neville stepped into the room. Whats going on?
Allan allowed the spell to disappear. Beforehand hed dressed as the Defender. Neville turned to see the illusion fade. He gasped, then took a step back.
I have news, Allan said, news that you must hear.
Youre a wanted man.
Ive seen the posters. Tell me, why is there no reward for me?
Neville frowned, then his eyes widened. You noticed?
Of course.
Thank your friend Captain William. He told Father that it would be unwise for the common folk to attempt to capture you.
What did he tell you?
That, if you were seen, youd have time to get away.
Allan nodded once. Express my compliments to him, when you see him again.
I shall. What is this news you spoke of?
First, you must make certain that nothing happens to Boss Conner while hes in jail.
Why should something happen to him?
Kenneth confessed that he met with Conner, on the orders of your father.
Wait. Are you saying that Father wanted his own silver stolen?
I am.
Thats insane.
Its not insane, Neville. Its evil, and goes much deeper that consorting with criminals, or stealing silver bars from His Majesty.
What are you talking about?
The robbery was to be the first part of the story, Neville. The arrangement was that Conner and his men were to take a third of the silver for themselves. The rest would be delivered to Kenneth. He would, in secret, stamp the silver into coins. With that unknown stack of coins, Kenneth was to enlist a member Conners Crew into being an assassin.
An assassin? Who was he meant to kill?
You, my friend. You and your bride on your wedding night.
Neville shook his head. No. Thats cant be true. To what end?
Kenneth already has a coin stamp from Hillview. The murderer was to be caught with Hillview coins in his possession. Boss Conner was to deal with the murderer directly, so that he wouldnt know who paid him. When he was arrested, he would admit that a man from Hillview, an advisor to Lady Juliets father, hired him to do the deed.
Neville shook his head. No, I cannot believe that.
Believe it, Neville. The incident would be the pretext your father would need to break the peace between Elderwood and Hillview. His Majesty would have no choice to but to accept the evidence. Either through Royal Decree, or through war, your father would acquire the Domain of Hillview.
But to have me murdered?
You are not like your father.
Well, no.
Would he have accepted an arranged marriage to a daughter of the Lord of Hillview?
No.
Is he kind to you? Does he think that youll make a good Lord of Elderwood?
We speak very little on such things.
Because he thinks you are weak, Neville. He wants one of your younger brothers to follow him. Disposing of you would allow him to raise one of his other sons in the way he thinks is best.
I cant believe Father would think such things.
He does, Neville. Kenneth told me this scheme came into your fathers head a few months ago. You know that I captured Kenneth at that brothel?
The one of the dark rumors? Of course.
Do you know the man who ran the brothel?
No. His name has not been revealed in court yet.
Thats probably because the man is a cousin of Master Francis, the brewer your father is such good friends with.
No.
Yes. The brothel has existed for years. Your father used his influence to keep the guards away. Francis used his connection to your father to find clients, like Kenneth.
How does that relate this scheme to murder myself and Juliet?
The reason you told me that you didnt want to seek it out. Your father was afraid that he couldnt keep that brothel protected with your new wife present. Hes profited well from it. Hes also used it gain information on several important men in the city. Kenneth told me that he did use what he knew about one of the clients to compel the man to drop a charge hed made against another of his advisors.
What are you talking about?
It seems that your fathers friend failed to pay the full price for a wedding dress for his daughter. He paid two-thirds, then tried to show some flaw so he didnt have to pay the rest.
Are you talking about Master Victor, the dressmaker?
The same.
Neville nodded his head. I remember the incident. Master Randolph, as I recall. He frowned. Are you saying that Master Victor was a client of the brothel?
He has a fondness for girls who are about to enter puberty, so Kenneth said.
Father used that to help Randolph?
He did. Then there was what happened to Delilah.
Whos she?
The girl Captain William is taking care of. Her father made a few bad business decisions, and held opulent weddings for his two older daughters. Delilah was his youngest, and quite attractive. Kenneth told him that he would pay the mans debts if he was allowed to take the girl to this brothel. Obviously she couldnt be taken in broad daylight, nor have it seen where she was taken. Your father arranged for guards, in disguise, to abduct her at night.
I cant believe that, Defender. I cant!
Her father admitted to me, and to her, that he sold her off, when I returned her to him. Thats why shes with Captain William.
Neville sucked in a loud breath. Would that be the man whose house you burned down?
It is. Why?
Father has put the man up in our manor.
No doubt to keep him quiet.
How can I know that any of this is true?
You and Captain William must question that man, Boss Conner, and Master Francis cousin. You must do so without letting your father know.
What if they wont confess?
They have all committed crimes that carry a punishment of life in prison, or execution. You would have the power to spare them, if you were Lord of Elderwood.
Replace Father?
Why not? If their stories match what I told you, what Kenneth has told me, your father is a criminal many times over. Your father has conspired to murder you and the woman you plan to marry. All this is enough to condemn him. If you are a good man, Neville, you must replace him. Otherwise, your father will continue to corrupt this city and his subjects. Your own life is in jeopardy while he holds the title. You must stand up to him. You must make him pay for all the evil hes done, and all the evil hes allowed to have been done.
Neville was silent for a few moments, then he said, Its him or me, isnt it?
Allan shook his head. No, my friend. Its him, or us.
You and I?
All of us. The subjects of the Lord of Elderwood, from the poorest child to the honest merchant who got rich from his hard work. Weve all suffered, thanks to your father. Either we stand up together and replace him, or we continue to suffer.
Neville nodded his head. I suppose so. If we get the truth from these men, then what?
Then we face your father, together, in public. We face him, and we bring him to justice. Captain William knows the law. Whatever he wishes to do, well do.
Ill speak with him first thing in the morning. How will we get word to you?
Allan paused to think. Send Delilah out on west road. Ill keep an eye out for her.
Very well. Neville glanced at the floor, then looked at Allan. Part of my prays youre wrong, but part of me suspects youre right.
Allan let out a laugh. That you think both is a good sign, my friend. Take care, and good luck.
EIGHT




Allan smiled.
He saw Delilah coming up the road from his vantage point in one of the abandoned houses he would hide out in. He pulled down his mask and left the house.
She smiled and appeared to sigh when she saw him. She walked towards him. I wasnt sure when or where Id find you, she said.
I said I would look for you, Allan replied.
And now youve found me.
He stepped in front of her. So I have. He glanced at the ground for an instant. Id like you to take hold of me.
Oh?
I want to take you somewhere safe, where we can talk.
Oh.
She put her arms around him. He felt warm again. Fortunately, he didnt need all his mental power to concentrate on flying to the castle. He was able to use his spare faculties to keep himself from reacting to the fact that a shapely young woman with a pretty face was holding onto his body.
She didnt try to engage him in conversation while they flew. When he looked at her, he noticed that she was keeping her eyes shut tight. The notion came to him that she might not be having the same reaction to flying that he had. Until then hed never thought that someone else might not enjoy the freedom of racing through the air, or the grand and sweeping view of the earth below. Maybe its something Im used to, and no one else is.
At last they reached the castle. He chose to land in front of the main doors, rather that go through an opening in the roof, in part because she hadnt seen them approach it. Once his feet touched the stone walkway leading to the entrance, he said, Here we are.
She opened her eyes, let go of him, and turned around. This is where you live?
Most of the time, yes.
Its in ruins.
It was vacant for generations, Delilah. Even a castle will start to fall apart, if its left alone for that long.
Is it safe?
Quite safe. Ive been here almost two years now.
I see. All right, then.
Allan bowed. If you will follow me.
She laughed and nodded to him. He led her through the front door and to what had been the dining room. Hes used his time, and his new skill at carving wood, to fashion a crude table and two chairs. He invited her to sit down across from.
Do you know who built this place? she asked.
The last mage who lived here wrote that it had belonged to his teacher, and to his teacher before him.
The last mage? Wrote? You can read?
Yes. My sister could, too.
How?
We had parents before we were forced onto the streets.
What happened to them?
They died of disease. One of the diseases that strikes the city every now and again. We had no other family to help us, just each other. Anyway, our parents taught us to read. My sister more than me, to be honest. But she kept teaching me after they died.
Why?
Being able to read was a special skill. It meant that we could ask for little jobs that hardly any other children on the streets could get. When you have nothing, any skill, any talent, is as useful as food and shelter.
Oh. What about this last mage, then?
He was a mage at the time when the mages were in decline. He already had books of his spells, what they were, how to cast them, that sort of thing. He also wrote down what had happened. He wanted whoever found his supply of spellbooks and enchanted items to know why the mages disappeared.
They were defeated, werent they?
Yes, but thats not the whole story. You see, the force that powers magic spells is, well, its like a barrel of rainwater. Every time you dip into the barrel for water, theres less in the barrel. At some point, you have to have it rain, or the barrel gets empty.
Thats what happened to magic?
Something much like that. The more spells that were cast, the less power there was for new spells. The more powerful the spell, the more it consumed, and that left less power for other spells. There were so many mages, casting so many spells, that the magic, well, dried up.
Didnt they know that was happening?
That mage, Damien, wrote that most did know it was happening. He said that there was less power for his generation than there had been in his fathers generation, and less than in his fathers fathers time.
Why didnt they stop using magic, or at least so much of it?
Damien wrote that several mages used their spells to live twice as long as normal folk lived. Others used their magic to control folk, mainly princes and lords, but also young women like you.
Like me? She nodded. Like why my father sold me.
Yes. Those mages treasured their positions, and the lives their spells gave them. The temptation to use magic to make yourself as powerful as a prince is strong.
How do you know thats what happened?
I know because what Damien wrote makes sense. Right now, I have a beautiful young here, in a place that no one knows about. He was pleased to see her blush. A beautiful woman that I saved from a secret brothel. A woman whose life might have been very short, had I not saved her.
She stopped blushing. Oh.
Yes. It would be tempting to use magic on her to make her so happy that I saved her that shed do anything to thank me.
Her eyes narrowed. Why dont you?
He held up two fingers on his right hand. Two reasons. One is that its wrong. Its the same sort of sentiment that allowed your father to sell you in the first place. It puts my needs before yours. Id be treating you like a reward, not a person like me.
Good. Whats the other reason?
He smiled. I dont know the spells. He took a breath to dismiss the smile. Damien wrote that he knew of such spells, but chose not to learn them, because of that first reason I gave you. If you dont know the spells, youre not tempted to use them.
Could you learn them?
I think so, but learning new spells now wont be easy. Spells build on each other. Take how we got here. I needed a spell to lift us in the air, a spell to move us through the air, a spell to control our direction, and a spell to dismiss those spells in the right order. If I wanted to turn quickly, or go much faster, Id have to concentrate on what I needed to do, figure out how much more power such a spell would need, then try it out until it worked.
Would that take much effort?
Quite a bit, and it would take time. Time that I could be spending helping folk like you.
I see.
Speaking of helping folk, I presume that Captain William sent you with news.
She nodded. He and Master Neville questioned Boss Conner, my father, and the others. They confirmed the parts of the story that you told Master Neville. Captain William also said that Master Neville found a coin stamp in the Lord Treasurers strongbox. He said it was a stamp he shouldnt have. Does that make sense to you?
It does. What else did he say?
He said that Lady Juliets family is expected late this afternoon. Tomorrow morning they will present her formally to Master Neville. They will announce their engagement, which will be the formal start of the wedding celebration. Captain William thinks that might be the time to confront His Lordship with the evidence. He said he would need Master Kenneth present to confirm the testimony of the others.
Allan nodded. He will have him.
Where is he?
Safe. Not happy, but safe. For now. Is that all?
Thats all Captain William wished me to tell you.
Good.
Delilah glanced down for an instant. You didnt ask if I had anything to say to you.
Oh. Did you?
She smiled. Thank you for what you did, saving me. Thank you for what you tried to do, get me back to my home. Thank you for sending me to Captain William. He and his wife have been very kind to me, these last few days. She paused for a breath. Its the most kindness Ive had in a long time.
Good. Im glad youre safe. What about the others?
The others? Oh, yes. Captain William sent them to homes of a few of his guards.
Good men, I hope.
Married men, with families.
Are they being helped?
Yes. The families theyre living with are helping them. So am I.
You?
I wasnt there as long as they were. I didnt suffer as much as they had. Someone they know has to tell them that what was done to us wasnt right. I decided that someone ought to be me.
Thats very brave of you, Delilah.
She smiled again. I had a good example.
Who?
She laughed. You, young man in the mask. You and Captain William.
Oh. Good. They were quiet for a moment.
Are you going to take me back now? she asked.
I cant take you back until after sunset. Will you be safe getting around the city at night?
Captain William said that, whenever you brought me back, to go to the guards at the nearest city gate, give my name, and ask for him.
Very well, then.
What do you intend we do until sunset?
Allan hesitated for a moment. I liked talking to you.
I did, too. What should we talk about now?
You could tell me more about your life.
I could, but would you tell me about yours?
He let out a deep breath. I could tell you about my life, and you wouldnt know who I was. Until I came here, I was just another poor boy living on the streets.
Thats a sad thing to say.
Sad, yes, but also true. Much of what happened to me and my sister happened to other poor folk. The only difference that I can think of is that my sister wasnt willing to sell herself, or me, to survive. Well, that, and that we werent supposed to break the law if we didnt have to.
She sounds like a young woman Id like to know more about. I can think of two other young women who ought to know about her, too.
Fair enough. He let out another breath. Should I take off this mask?
She shook her head. I shouldnt see your face.
Why not?
As long as you wear that mask, well, you dont seem like a real man, but a fairy tale hero. Women dont try to marry the heroes of fairy tales. I think if I saw your face, youd stop being that hero to me.
He leaned forward. Id be a man you could fall in love with?
Youd be a man that Id want to love me, and not be a hero. Right now, I prefer the hero to the man. I think were better off with the hero. One corner of her mouth turned up. It would be selfish of me to take away the hero so I could have a husband.
He leaned back. I dont think Im a hero, Delilah.
You rescued me from a terrible fate, didnt you?
Yes.
Then that makes you a hero. So does everything Ive heard you do for the city. I think we need a real hero more than I need a man to fall in love with. So, tell me about your sister. I think she might be a hero folk need to know about, just like the Defender.
***
The following morning Allan flew over the city with Kenneth as his prisoner. He wasnt afraid to be seen. He was pleased, when he had a spare instant to notice, that folk were looking up at him. He knew the sight would get them talking about him, or more accurately, the Defender. He wanted them talking.
Im about to give them something real to talk about. Why not make the day memorable for everyone?
He coasted over the homes and shops to the Lords Manor. The guards watched as he flew over the wall. Fortunately for his intention of making an impression, the main reception room of the manor hall had a large window. Allan lowered himself so that he and his prisoner were a single pace above the ground.
Through the window he could see that Lord Gillam was addressing his guests. Neville was next to him. Beside the young man was a woman, tall and slender, with a pleasant face. Allan judged that those in the room were far enough from the window that they wouldnt be hurt by flying glass.
Hed considered using a spell to shatter the window. The problem with that is that it would drain energy. He was already using up some to fly. He might need more to escape if something went wrong. He also felt that inflicting a little pain on his prisoner would keep him telling the truth. He shifted Kenneth so that he was behind the man. He guided them forward and through the window. Once through he aimed for the platform that Gillam and the others were standing on.
He was halfway there when Gillam shouted, Guards! The Defender! Arrest him!
Hold! Neville shouted.
What?
He has Master Kenneth! someone in the crowd called out.
Allan landed. He forced Kenneth to his knees. My Lord, Master Neville, pardon my interruption, but I have news I think you must hear.
He gave some thought to what he would say when this moment came. He was aware that he had to impress the important men and women in the room. He also had to make them wary about challenging him, and to understand the reasons for his actions. Most of all, he realized that he had to make them believe in his power, not only as a mage, but as a man who stood for certain ideals and beliefs.
What news is that? Neville asked.
Allan was pleased to see that Neville appeared somewhat curious. He was more pleased to see Gillams eyes darting around. The most pleasing sight was that, out of the corner of his eye, he saw Captain William whisper something to a guard. The guard nodded and left the room.
I think Master Kenneth should speak for himself. Allan jerked off the cloth that had been tied around Kenneth to keep him quiet. Master Kenneth, how was it that criminals knew when His Lordship was bringing in more silver to make coins?
I told them, Kenneth answered, his voice harsh and low.
Allan gripped the mans right shoulder as hard as he could. Speak up, so everyone can hear you.
I told them.
Why did you do that?
Kenneth closed his eyes. His Lordship instructed me to.
Allan waited for the gasps and head shaking to end before continuing. Why would His Lordship want his own silver stolen by criminals, Master Kenneth?
He wished their help in a job, a special job.
Allan squeezed again. What job was that?
To murder Master Neville and Lady Juliet.
At that, Neville turned on his father. He pushed the man back, and drew the older mans sword from it scabbard. Father! Why would you do such a thing?
Its a lie, by this outlaw, Gillam replied.
Its not a lie, Master Neville, Captain William called out.
Coming in behind the Captain were more guards. With them was Boss Conner and the man who had run the brothel that Allan where hed captured Kenneth. The two men had their arms and legs in shackles.
The Captain pointed at Conner. This is Conner, the boss of a gang of criminals. It was his gang that the Defender caught attempted to steal the shipment of silver. Hes confessed that Master Kenneth hired him to attempt the theft. Hes also confessed to his role in the conspiracy to attempt to murder Master Neville and his bride.
What other evidence do you have? Neville asked.
This. William turned to another of his guards. The guard tried to hand him two items. William shook his head. Hold them up. The guard complied. These are coin stamps, found in Master Kenneths room. They bear the seal, not of our Domain, but that of the Domain of Hillview.
A tall man with fair hair stepped away from the crowd. Let me see those. The guard approached the man. The man, whom Allan guessed was the Lord of Hillview, looked at them for a moment. By the Goddess! These are the very coin stamps that disappeared from the hands of my Treasurer, three months ago. He turned to Kenneth. Why did you have them?
Allan bent down. Answer His Lordship.
Kenneth let out a breath before answering. The murderer was supposed to be caught with silver coins, cast from those stamps. It was to be proof that His Lordship was involved in the murder of his daughter and Master Neville.
Proof that Lord Gillam would use to provoke a war, yes?
Yes.
Allan heard murmurs through the room. He was pleased at how angry some of them sounded. Captain William, you brought in another man in chains, he said. Who is that man?
He is the owner of the brothel where you found Master Kenneth, William replied.
Why have you brought him?
To further condemn Lord Gillam. This man bought a young woman who was not otherwise a slave, but the daughter of a free man. He forced this woman to become a whore. He also removed a young man and a young girl from the streets, and forced them into having sex, even though both were not of age when taken in.
Thats outrageous! the Lord of Hillview said.
How is that the crimes went unpunished? Allan asked.
Master Kenneth was a patron of this brothel. He conspired with Lord Gillam to make certain the guards didnt know the location of this brothel, and couldnt shut it down.
You are a sick and twisted man, Father. Neville jabbed the point of his fathers sword against his belly. Perversion, crime, stealing from His Majesty, plotting to murder your own son. You dont deserve a trial. I should run you through.
Wait! The word was out of Allans mouth before he had the full intention of saying it. An instant later, he was aware of everyones eyes on him.
Why? Neville sounded hurt, and a little angry.
Allan took a breath to focus his thoughts. Your father is a criminal, like these other three men. That he is Lord of Elderwood makes no difference. He has the same right to a trial as any of them. He paused. He ought to face the same punishment as them.
Again, why?
Because his crimes, their crimes, were born of the view that they are above the law. They are men of power, be they the Lord of Elderwood, or the master of a company of criminals. Up to now the law has only punished those who didnt have the means, or the power, to get away with their crimes. The poorest subjects of Elderwood have gone to jail, while those who had powerful friends, or enough coins to pay off a guard, went free.
I use my magic to help the good people of Elderwood. I wanted to end the worst of the crime and vice. Thats what brought me to this day, Master Neville. But what I did means nothing if you kill your father, no matter how much evil he was behind. We have to use our power for good, whether that power is magic, wealth, or a title.
All well and good, friend, Neville replied, but what of it?
Using our power for good means holding ourselves to a higher standard, Master Neville. For you, it means putting your father on trial for his crimes. For me, it means not using my magic to kill, or get revenge, or to harm innocents. If we want folk to do good, then we must do good ourselves.
You burned a mans house down, Gillam said.
I burned down the house of a man who sold his daughter to a brothel, Allan replied. A man who made his own daughter into a whore. A man who made his daughter think she was kidnapped. A man who, upon having her brought back to him, rejected her because it would cost him coins to help her. I may have let my anger get the better of me, but I didnt kill him for what he did. His daughter is now being cared for, and hes facing trial.
What the Defender did hardly compares to your crimes, Neville said to his father. What he said has persuaded me to spare your life long enough for you to go to trial for all that youve done. Guards, take my father into custody. Master Kenneth, also.
Four guards came through the crowd. Two took hold of Gillams arms. The other two took hold of Kenneth and stood him up. The four of them marched them to stand with the other two prisoners.
For now, Neville said to the gathering, I shall act as Lord of Elderwood. My father no longer holds that title, and does not deserve any respect. My first action, as Lord of Elderwood, is to dismiss the charges made against the Defender, and to thank him for his service to us. He turned towards Allan and started to bring up his right hand.
Allan raised his own right hand. Your Lordship, I thank you for dismissing the charges. As to accepting your thanks, I ask instead that you be a better man than your father. He turned to the crowd. I ask that all of you be better than Gillam. I will be watching.
He turned away from them, and from Neville and Juliet. He walked to the window that he had broken open. He concentrated. His feet rose from the platform. He coasted through the window, rose straight up as quickly as he could, and flew away.
NINE




Allan cleared his throat.
Instead of landing on Captain Williams roof, he chose to land behind the house and knock on the mans back door. He lifted back into the air and waited. When the Captain came out, he made a noise and landed on the ground in front of the Captain.
Playing the bard, as well as the hero? the man asked Allan.
I didnt want to alarm your wife. Not all masked men try to be good men.
No. You, however, have done a great deal of good.
How so?
Truly?
I have a hiding place far away from the city.
I see. Well, Kenneth and the others confessed to their crimes. Lord Neville has already sentenced them to long terms in jail. They agreed to testify against Gillam in exchange for not spending the rest of their lives in jail, or being executed.
When will Gillam be put on trial?
In six or seven days. Lord Neville wanted the trial sooner. I advised him to wait a bit. Give his father time to realize how much trouble he was in, and how severe his punishment might be.
Good advice, Captain.
It might be Major soon.
Indeed?
Lord Neville thinks there should be a leader of His Lordships guards. The Captains would still be allowed to report to His Lordship, but there would be an officer above them. His duty would be to make certain they were doing theirs.
That would be you?
I havent decided whether to accept the commission, if its offered. Its an opportunity, but it might also be a burden.
Power is always an opportunity, and a burden.
William smiled. Spoken like a man beyond his years.
Allan nodded. Ive had some growing up to do.
So you have. Tell me something.
Ill try.
You assumed a great deal when I sent Delilah to find you. I could have been lying. You could have been set up to fall into a trap.
I did. But seeing as you and Lord Neville know that Im a mage, I also know youd be concerned about trying to trap me. If I could set fire to a house without much effort, what might I do if I tried?
Good point.
Besides, you gave me no reason not to trust you, Captain William. Neither did Neville. I lived on the streets, before I became the Defender. I learned early how to spot folk you could and couldnt trust.
A fair point. I suppose we wont see much of you now.
You wont, but not for the reason you think.
What do I think?
You think that, with the Conner Crew removed, the boy thieves dispersed, and Gillam and his corrupt friends in jail, there wont be much for me to do. Youre right, but not completely right. Crime will go down. Its up to you, and Lord Neville, and Delilah, and everyone else to keep it down.
Honesty and compassion, you mean?
Yes. I can fight criminals, but I cant fight hunger, or poverty, or men losing their jobs. If Ive cleared the city of the worst men, its so the better men, and women, can improve things without any obstacles.
That is what I thought. Whats your reason for not staying?
Elderwood is one domain among a whole kingdom. There are other cities, other domains, that have problems like this one did. Worse problems, perhaps.
We all hear tales, friend. How can you be sure?
Can you believe that Gillam, an ordinary ruler of an ordinary domain, on the periphery of this kingdom, was the first to think of all his corrupt schemes? Either hes the cleverest Lord in history, or he has bad examples to follow.
William let out a breath and nodded his head. Sound reasoning, I fear.
Dont worry, Captain. If you need me, Ill return. This is my home, for all its faults, and everything I suffered.
How will we contact you?
You wont have to. If theres trouble, Ill be back.
Well, if youre going away, then I ought to give you something. William went back into his house. He returned a few moments later with a bag in his right hand. He stuck out his hand. A gift, from His Lordship.
Allan carefully reached for the bag. It felt heavy, and metallic sounds came from inside. He shook his head. A reward? I dont think I should accept it.
I think you should. If youre going to travel the kingdom, you need to look like a man who travels, when youre not wearing your mask. That leather might be enchanted, but a bit of steel cant hurt. You wont always be able to hide in abandoned homes and ruined castles. You might have to stay at a proper inn.
You know where I was hiding?
Delilah said you talked with her in an old castle in the country. Kenneth, Conner, and the rest told of where you questioned them. William smiled. Your secret is safe, for now.
Allan let out a breath. He hefted the bag of coins in his hand. I shouldnt accept this, but youre right. I might need armor, and better disguises. Who knows about this?
Only Lord Neville and myself.
Make sure no one else knows. I didnt do all I did to become rich.
Why did you do it?
Its like what I said to Delilah. I discovered that I had this fantastical power. I could have used it to help myself. Not only did that seem wrong, but it would be short-sided. Thats what led to the downfall of the mages so long ago, Captain. They used their spells to help themselves, to coins, to power, to women, to more spells. They did little to help anyone else. When the magic started to fade from their overusing it, they had no one they could rely on for help.
Not even each other?
Especially not each other. Fighting among mages was so established that, when they needed to work together, only one mage could see that the fighting had to end. The rest kept on fighting, even at the cost of their power as mages.
Thats the choice we have, I suppose. We fight with each other, or we fight for each other.
Indeed it is, Captain.
Take care, Defender.
You take care, Captain.
I shall. He smiled again. Ill also make sure everyone knows that, if youre needed, youll come back.
Allan bowed his head. He tied the bag of coins to his belt. He took a breath, and rose up into the night sky. As he looked over the city he thought, Ive taken on a huge burden. I pray to the Goddess that Im up to it.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR




Robert Collins is the author of three science-fiction novels: Monitor, Lisas Way, and Expert Assistance. Hes also author of the fantasy novels Monitor, Cassia and The Opposite of Absolute, and the young adult novel True Friends. He has several short-story collections available: The Sagas of Surgard the Traveler; Fun Tales of Fantasy and the Future; The Frigate Victory Collection Volume 1; Better Tomorrows; and The Fantastic Cases of Gwen Conner. Hes sold over 80 genre stories to magazines such as Marion Zimmer Bradleys Fantasy Magazine; Tales of the Talisman; Space Westerns; The Fifth Di...; and Sorcerous Signals.



Connect with Me Online


At my blog I post my schedule, my short fiction sales, the occasional book review, and I sometimes write about my work and my life. There are links to my Goodreads page, my Amazon Author Page, and my Smashwords page. You can find it here: One Kansas Author

I also have a Facebook Author Page

Find me at Goodreads

Read some of my other works at Wattpad

