
Purenet

The Sanction Series Book 1

HJLawson

~~~
Smashwords Edition

Copyright  2014 by HJLawson. All rights reserved.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents


Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter TenDax
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen.
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Chapter Thirty-Three
Chapter Thirty-Four
Chapter Thirty-Five
Author's Note

Chapter One


Ladies, time to wake up. We need to be at the gate in one hour, Madam Enid announces, interrupting my sweet dream of running around outside in the crisp, green fields. I could almost feel the sun's rays beaming down on my face as if they were real.
The beds beside me creak annoyingly as the other girls begin to rouse.
But it's the middle of the day... my best friend Madison protests from the bunk beside me.
Correct, as always, Madison. You know that where were going we can walk around in the daylight. Please wear your best dresses, we cannot disgrace our your Sanction.
A soft laughter rumbles from the other girls. We each only have one dress, which the Chancellor provided us for our last year of school. The dresses are heavy, coarse, and dark greyjust like our future.
Madam Enid smiles softly without creating a wrinkle on her soft skin. Although she is an Outsider, banished from Purenet, she is more like a member of the Cueva.
Ladies, please tidy your hair and clean your bodies and teeth. With that, she leaves. Once we moved into the dorm for the oldest girls, they began allowing us a little freedom unlike the younger girls' dorms where my sister, Callie, lives.
One hour. That gives me enough time to check on my mother before we go. I cannot wait till Im seventeen just a few more days. Then I will be classed as an adult, and I can move out of the dorm and be home with my mother. I will be sad to leave the girls, as they have been my family for all my life. But my mother needs me.
I jump down to the ground, and my bare feet land on the cool, dusty floor. Most days I hate where we live, hidden away from daylight to protect our skin from the suns harmful ultraviolet rays. It's better than being a Grounder, up in the sunlight all the time just the thought of being one of them sends a shudder through my body.
Cueva people used to spend most of their lives in these caves, protecting themselves from the sun. Then that all changed; my mothers generation and the generations just before her began spending longer in the daylight. The old Chancellor ordered them to go outside because women started to have babies with rickets, or with legs that bowed out. He didn't want the children of Purenet to be deformed. The Chancellors daylight rules poisoned my mothers veins. Cancer courses through them now.
There are only two ways for me to move out of Cueva and into Purenet. My first option is to become a Host and live in a compound. Females may live there until we birth three babies, who are then handed over to the wealthy Purenet families. In return, we get to live in the compound for free. Well, not totally free we have to give up one baby for that. The next babies we receive payment for, and the allowance to live in Purenet foreveras long as we dont break the rules and always obey the Chancellor.
The second option is to be a bazi. Both males and females can do that sell their bodies to the highest bidder. Both options sicken me. Why should I have to sell my body to gain a better life?
My mother told me she fell in love with my father, so they both decided to stay in the Cueva, underground and away from the rest of the world. I hope one day I will have the same love they shared... I do miss my father.
Ive been thinking about going up for the Host selection and moving into the compound when I turn seventeenbut only to help my mother. I know it would be pointless; we wouldnt get the money until a year after I had the second baby. It disgusts me that they have the medicine in Purenet to cure her, but they use it to blackmail all the people in Cueva instead.
The only hope for medication is for Rian, my younger brother by one year, to get selected for the Sanction games. We'll use the money he receives to buy the medicine. Were sure hell get in, as hes one of the fastest and strongest in Cueva. The only thing that worries me is the fact that no one else in our family has ever made it past the selection phases.
He has wanted to be in the Sanction games since he was a child. Our Sanction has some of the biggest and strongest men. Father said it's because we were born into a fight and never got out. Because of our natural strength and Sanction bonds, we are heavily monitored by the Chancellor's armywe are a threat to them.
Most of my friends are going to the compound to get money for their parents medicine or simply to leave for a better life. There is no work down here anymore. Its an evil circle the Chancellor has trapped us in. But there are also beautiful things about the Purenet the clean air, the light, and the freedom.
Dropping my nightgown to the dusty ground, I put on my uncomfortable, heavy dress. Its completely the wrong material for the heat down here, with its ugly buttons up the front and two pockets on the hips. All the people in our Cueva have the same clothessimple, like the life we try to lead.
The dress is a lovely gift from the Chancellor. It's worn so people know we are from the Cueva so they can look down on us.
Once a year we go to Purenet city. I hate the way the people from Purenet stare at us, in their pristine white garments, showing us how well-off they are and that they dont need to get their hands or clothing dirty. Unlike us.
They all work in the labs and offices. The school says we should be grateful for the Purenet, because without them we wouldnt have the technology we need in order to survive. Some of my friends believe it... well, most of them. But not me or Madison. We hate the way they control us.
The Grounders dont have a uniform; they are a power unto themselves. They are always waging war on one Sanction or another.
Cueva community is shrinking in size when people get the chance to leave, they do. I understand that. Who wouldnt want to move to a place where you can see daylight under the safety of the dome?
Where are you going? Madison asks from under her cover. Shes not going to leave until the last minute, and I will have to sprint to the gate.
To check on my mother.
Madisons parents died a few years ago from cancer. There was nothing the healer could do. One of the best things about living in Cueva is the sense of community. We all watch over one another, so Madison will never be alone.
Mother said hundredsmaybe thousandsof years ago, people used to all live like the Purenetone family in each home. This was before the wars, which scarred our planet. We don't live that way anymore. Parents are on one side of the caves in their own rooms, and children are in dorms.
This has been the way of the Cueva from the time it began from when the elders were out fighting and hunting. It was better if all the children were in one place; that made it easier to keep us safe.
As the years went on, there was less fighting as the populations began to shrink. Only the Purenet population grew, as they had the technology, our children, and the Empire to help them win the wars....
Chapter Two


I raise my hand to the scanner, just as I do every time I move around the Cuevamonitored since the day I was born.
A thin red beam shines from the control monitor. I hold my arm still, as this helps it get a clear read of the black barcode of numbers on the back of my hand.
We all have themeach one is unique, storing all the information about us, from our ages and what Sanctions we are in, to how much money we have... which is currently nothing.
I know they have more information on us. I hate it.
It's like someone else is in my body, watching everything I do. This is another one of the Empires rules the Grounders are the only ones without a barcode. Sometimes I wish I could be one of them, a Grounder. They live on the land, as their ancestors were able to withstand the radiation from the nuclear war, which poisoned the planet.
Over time, their bodies became stronger at fighting against it, but also mutated as a result. Or at least, thats what weve been taught Ive never actually seen them.
6719 appears on the control panel. Thats me Im just a number to them. The heavy, cold metal door opens, allowing me to exit our dorm. The door is a stark contrast to the rest of our homethe Cueva is carved out of a red rock, which is textured to the touch, with sand fragments that fall into your hand when you stroke it.
The original settlers found the caves and expanded them. Then, over the years, the Chancellor started to add technologies from Purenet as directed by the Empire. The Empire is the governing body of the Senate, which has six Chancellors who descend from the original founding fathersthe untouchable blood line. Each Chancellor has his own Sanction to rule over.
My father said that the Senate was created to prevent the Chancellors from waging war against each other, and repeating history. That part makes sense, but the rest doesnt. Specifically, why they cant share the technology with us.
Send her my love, Madison adds sweetly, as I begin to walk out of the room. A beam scans over me as I leave, as it does every morning and evening. The heavy door closes back into place.
It's nice being up at this time. It's peaceful, and the only noises I hear are the humming sound the cave makes and the lonely drips of moisture from the rocks landing on the hard floor. Everyone else is sleeping except the two grades of students going to Purenet. Rians class is one of them.
Looking over to Rians dorm across from mine, I see the gaping drop between them, which prevents me from walking across. I wish they would put a bridge there. I would be over in one minute instead of having to walk halfway around the cave.
Beneath us is the commercial area where we get our food. I dont have time to check on Rian to make sure he gets out of bed todayMother comes first.
Today we will get food on the shuttle on the way to Purenet. That is one thing I look forward to on this trip. They have fruits and other delicious treats from the different Sanctions.
Our meals in the Cueva are very plain, and the same most daysgrains, vegetables and bio meat from Purenet. The meat is pumped with vitamins, and I think other stuff, to make sure that we will be the best Hosts for their children.

*****

6719 appears in red on Mothers control panel. All children are allowed access to their parents' living quarters.
As the metal door opens, the outside light shines down on my mothers tiny silhouette beneath her thin bed sheet. I take a deep breath and brace myselfeach time I see her, she looks weaker. I know she doesn't have long left to live. No matter how many times her lips lie to me... her appearance doesnt.
Mother Mother, I say softly. Her eyelids flutter in the last light as the door closes.
My eyes instantly adjust to the pitch black of darkness I am at home.
As I kneel beside my mothers bed, the sound of her lungs struggling for breath fills the tiny room, creating an insane pressure of lost hope.
I move my hand up and down her arm. Her body has covered itself in tiny soft hairs, as if its trying to warm itself. I can feel the toxic veins running through her delicate skin, as if they are ready to explode at any given moment.
Mother... how long did the healer say you had left?
Weeks her mind replies.
Skylier Skylier, is that you?
Yes, Mother.
Skylier, please turn the light on, dear child let me see your face. Instantly I wave my hand over the light panel, creating a soft glow over the room.
Her body looks even frailer in the dim light.
Skylier... Please dont enter into my mind, she says, embarrassed, because she knows she no longer has the strength to block me.
Then you have to tell me the truth. Our roles have been reversed. For many years she and my father were part of the leading group in the Cueva. Then Mother became sick. Father tried to help her the only way he couldby selling his kidney in Purenet. But he never came back. That was months ago.
I did, Mother says soberly. Skylier, you are turning into a beautiful lady. Your pure white skin, sparkling light blue eyes it's as though you havent see the sunlight. As natural as the day as you were born.
She begins to move her tiny body into a sitting position. Swiftly, I take the blankets and pile them up behind her head, up against the cave wall, to protect her paper-thin skin.
Her lungs inhale and exhale, and just that small movement has stolen all her energy. Maybe I was wrong to wake her I shouldve left her to get more sleep. But thats all she does now.
Every day after class, Rian, Callie, and I sit with her, and often she will fall asleep. Rian has been coming around less, saying he has training. But I know really it hurts too much to see her in this state, a powerful woman crumbling like our cave walls before our very eyes.
Skylier, pass me my comb. Let me help you get ready for your journey today.
I do as requested. Kneeling beside the bed with my back facing my mother, I feel her begin to comb my hair.
Your long, shiny, blonde hair would look perfect with a white Purenet uniform.
Really, Mother, do we have to have this conversation every time?
You know it's for the best. You need the daylight you are radiant when you see the sky. I remember when you were a small child, always hiding in the gardens. I would find you on your back, staring up through the dome to the heavens above.
That was a happier, more innocent time.
For me, Skylier my last wish.
Chapter Three


Scanning the back of my hand against the monitor, I can see there is no one at the gate. Damn, Im late.
The glass and metal doors with the Chancellors crest slide open, allowing me to get through. Madam Enid had us put all our numbers on the schedule. The Chancellor only allows us into the city for a few things, and those trips all have to be planned well in advance.
They can send whomever they want into our Cueva; normally its an Outsider banished from Purenet. They have to be really bad to be thrown out completely, and have no choice but to live with the Grounders and thats only if the Grounders will accept them.
Skylier, quickly the shuttle is about to leave! Madam Enid yells, as she steps off the shuttle. Let her through she is with me, she shouts down to the guard.
I slow down as I get closer to him. Once I stand on the platform, I am on the Purenet property.
The Empire insisted that there be a connector between the outer communities, like Cueva. Father said they came in one day with their soldiers when everyone was sleeping and basically began working. This happened before he was born I think even before his father was born.
Some of the Cuevas helped work the tunnel for money. They were powerlessmany of the guards and soldiers used to live here in the Cueva, and they were selected for the Sanction Games when they were young. Then, after the fame, glory and money ended, they needed to find workand what better than to work for the Chancellor in his own personal army.
When the Gate was built, the soldiers left and only the guards stayed. The Chancellor said it was for our safety against the Grounders. Which, to me, never made sense, because in all our history the Grounders have never made it down to the Cueva. We have our own guards.
Over the years, boundaries have been put in place as a kind of mutual agreement to help stop the bloody war between our communities.
The President of Cueva didnt stand in the way; he merely agreed with the fact that the soldiers would stay here. Our once quiet, peaceful community had become our very own prison overnightwith no one standing up to the invaders. This is how it has been down here my whole life, feeling like we are intruders in our own homeand at any point it can all be taken from us.
I quickly grind to a halt as I reach the guard dressed in his protective white uniform. They dont need to worry about getting blood on their clothes; no one will dare attack them here. He has his gun firmly placed across his body, always ready for action, even though Im a sixteen-year-old girl running for a shuttle. Bloody ridiculous.
Shes with me, I said! Madam Enid yells once again. The other teachers look out their windows over at her in disgust for helping me. The other Outsiders wouldve just left me. Madam Enid is differentshe cares for us, and because of that she is an outsider from the Outsiders.
The guard steps sideways to allow me to pass. His eyes are covered up with an eye shield, and the rest of his face doesnt move. I dont blame him for covering his face bet some of his family lives here.
I take a deep breath; I always feel weird stepping onto the shiny platform that is in stark contrast to the red, dusty cave walls. Its blinding white surface is almost unbearable.
Skylier... come on! Madison screams to me. I can see her head peeking out from under one of the Outsiders' arms. With a leap of faith Im on the shiny platform; my shoe instantly wants to slide off the unusual surface, but I have to keep moving.
Before I know it, Im at the shuttle. I made it!
Beep...Beep. The doors begin to close, and I quickly grab the cold silver handle of the shuttle and jump on to it.
Whew! I let out a sigh of relief. All this so I can see the sky and mountains in their full glory. From our little dome we have for the garden, I can see just a small section of the planet. In Purenet I can walk around as if were not enclosed, like we are free. Fresh air fills my lungs; even the air on the shuttle is different.
Boy, Skylier, you were cutting it close... hows Mother? Rians voice rings through my head.
Shes not good. You have to get into the games
I know... I know.
As I walk down the carpeted shuttle, I see the back of Rians head with the usual suspects. My feet squash down in the carpetI would love to have that in the cave instead of the dust.
Hey, sis, Rian says, before even seeing me. He is sitting down with three of his friends; they are always together.
Hey, Skylier, Lowell, one of Rian's friends, adds with a cute grin on his face. Cueva children are not allowed to date until after selection. It's one of those rules we have to obey they cannot have their Hosts pregnant before the selections. If a bazi or another male fathers a child before the games, they are automatically thrown out of selections. I can feel my cheeks begin to blush at the thought of Lowell and myself being together.
Hey mmm so are you nervous about today? I mumble, trying to prevent Rian from embarrassing us like he normally does.
Yep, my brother replies, as he nervously bites the bottom of his lip. They will find out today whether they have been selected.
Rian, you have nothing to worry about. You are the strongest and fastest in the class, Lowell adds with a twinkle in his deep brown eyes. I have always liked Lowellhe stands up for my brother.
But you know  Rian says as he looks around the shuttle. We are all aware that we are being watched. They hid the cameras in the vent panels, but we can see the red blinking lights.
No one in our family has ever made it all the way to the games, even though we are one of the strongest families. Father said it's because of our bloodline dating back to our ancestor, that he was an architect for the original Purenet buildings, and that he was banished from Purenet. He became one of the founding fathers of the Cueva.
Don't think like that, Rian. I believe it is your time
Chapter Four


I have never felt this way before. My stomach feels stretched beyond what is humanly possible.
I think Im going to explode! Madison laughs, as she rubs her belly and slouches back into the comfortable seat.
Me too, I agree.
This has to be one of their best meals Ive had on the shuttle, and they gave us ice cream, chocolate cake, and fruit for dessert. We cannot get any of these things back home. This is a taste of life in Purenet.
I cannot wait to get out of the Cueva! Madison is so excited, and I let out a huff. It's funny that she and I are best friends, because we are completely opposite in every way, including our physical appearance. Her brown hair and eyes and her olive skin are a stark contrast to my pale features. In the Cueva most people look like heronly a handful of us have the pure features, almost as if color was not added to our DNA.
Her personality can be overpowering at times, especially with the amount of time we spend together. She helps bring me out of my comfort zone, as I like to hide in the darkness.
Are you still not sure? Madison asks.
Sometimes I wish she could read my mind too, just like my family.
I want to stay and look after my mother and I dont want to be a Host, I whisper softly.
Madison quickly looks around to see if any of the Outsiders are watching us, but they arent Ive already checked.
I know, trust me thats the last thing I want to do. But what choice do we have? We cannot live underground for the rest of our lives. Everyone is leaving the Cuevait will be empty soon.
Madison is right. Everyone is leaving, either through selection or death, or by just disappearing. They have lost the fight, simply given uplike the generations before us.
Silently I stare out the window at the blurry white tunnel. Then, before my eyes, it changes. Now we are above ground. I know it will only be for a second and I have to take it all in.
I see bright blue, cloudless skies. Mountain tops break the skyline. There is a silhouette standing proudly on top of the peaks, but it is not a human it looks like an animal with horns. I have never seen anything like this before except in history books.
Today the landscape looks different from what I remember. It no longer looks like a desert, and there is a hint of green. Is life growing back?
Before I can finish taking it all in, we are back in a tunnel. And as quickly as it appeared, hope is gone again.

*****

Ladies, gather your belongings. We are here, Madam Enid announces. Some of the girls gather up their satchels. Most of us have nothing but the clothes on our backs, and our bar code. Normally Father would add a couple bitcoins to our accounts for trips like this now we have no money.
The shuttle comes to a halt, and the girls mumble in excitement.
Hush hush, ladies, please do not bring any disruption to the Cueva. We are here as the Chancellor's guests. Please remember that, Madam Enid announces proudly, as the shuttle door opens.

*****

As we exit the gate we are greeted by heavily armed guards, and they do not look pleased to see us.
We are guests of the Chancellor; it is the class' school trip, Madam Enid informs one of the guards.
We will be your escort today, he announces, to our surprise. Normally we dont have an escort, except for the Outsiders.
Escorts? Madam Enid repeats.
Correct. Chancellors orders.
Madam Enid doesnt look happy. Shes grinding her teeth together, but she is powerless if she wants to move back to Purenet.
May I ask why? I blurt out. They have no power over me.
An eerie silence fills the gate. Everyone else wanted to ask the question but didn't have the guts to do it.
Excuse me? The guard takes a step closer. Are you disobeying an order? Before you even get out of the Gate?
Excuse me, sir, I didnt realize asking a question is disobeying the order, I snap.
Easy, sis my brothers voice rings in my mind.
I know I know.
Outsiders, keep these Cuevas in order! Or the trip will be over very quickly, and you will be staying in Cuevas forever. The guard squints his eyes, creating craters of wrinkles in his face as he sneers at Madam Enid.
Madam Enid takes a step closer to him. She is very much like me, not willing to stand down when something is wrong.
We understand, Madam Uris deep voice rings out, cutting Madam Enid off before she can reply.
She is an Outsider, and it's clear to everyone that Madam Uri hates living in the Cueva, even more than the other Outsiders. She will do anything to get back into Purenet. Because of this, I trust her the least. Everyone knows shes a mole in our Cueva.
She has her hand firmly gripped onto Madam Enids petite shoulder. Madam Uri is almost double the size of Madam Enidif it wasnt for her long, dirty-blonde hair, youd think she was a man.
There is a silent standoff between the guard and Madam Uri. She would clearly win in a fist fight.
Madam Uri steps forward to the control panel to scan her hand, taking control of the situation.
The guard steps to the side indicating we can pass by. One more wrong move
Chapter Five


A red laser beam scans our bodies. This is the last checkpoint for us to get into Purenet. They are checking to make sure we dont bring any diseases or viruses with us. They dont want us to infect their precious people, while ours are left at home to die.
A guard with white gloves signals for me to move forward I pass his exam. Part of me wants to fail, making my decision for me.
Come on come on keep moving, the guard orders as he points toward the silver doors.
Standing motionless for a moment, I gather my thoughts. I thought the Cueva were meant to be smart, one of the guards mumbles under his breath to the man next to him.
I squint my eyes together and shoot him a vile look. I know the insults will come, but the first one always hurts the most.
You ready? Madison asks as she stands by my side.
I nod.
We scan our hands, and the double doors begin to open to the center of Purenet. This is the hub for their citythey get to go to restaurants, and it's the connecting point for their homes and offices.
My feet are frozen to the ground as I watch the sea of people quickly moving around with hassles of their everyday lives. The sounds are overwhelming.
Before I can cover my ears, Madison takes my hand and squeezes it tightly. We need each others strength today.
Come on, girls, they will not bite. Madam Enid smiles as she walks past us.
I can do this I say to myself, taking in a deep breath. I begin to walk forward.
My eyes automatically move up toward the glass dome surrounding the Purenet compound. My eyes well up with the brightness of the clear blue skywith the sun blazing in its full glory.
My body shudders at the sight of the sunlight, as Im always aware of the terrorizing harmful rays, but yet I still yearn for them.
Skylier... Skylier, look. Madison nudges me in the ribs, breaking my trance.
The normal sea of bright blinding-white has changed. They are still wearing their normal white clothing but there is color. My mouth falls open in surprise.
Their hair is pure white like mine, but theirs isnt natural they strip all the color from theirs. Only now, they have slices of different, bright colors running through it.
Madison reaches up to my chin to close my mouth.
Look at their hair! she squeals.
Purenet looks so different from the last time we were here, and that was only a year ago.
There have been a few changes since the Chancellor's son Xander got married to an Untouchable from Rubin Sanction. She has brought her very own brightness here, Madam Enid announces. She seems so happy here. I wonder what she did to get banished.
Skylier, you would look beautiful with the color highlights, Madam Enid adds as she softly strokes my hair.
Less of the chit-chat. We have a schedule we need to stick to, Madam Uri snaps, instantly dampening the mood.
Always on a schedule I would just like to wander around. I could spend the whole day in the hub looking at the beautiful flowers. And no one is even stopping to smell them.
Quickly I walk over to them, before the rest can notice Im not with the group. The soft petals brush across my nose as I take in a deep whiff of the sweet-smelling flower.
I wonder what they are called I will have to ask
They are roses rings in my mind.
Rian, how do you know that?
Whos Rian? Wait can you hear my thoughts?
What, thats not Rian in my mind who is it?
Quickly turning around, I see a young guard around my age standing next to me. He looks as confused as I am.
Did you just read my mind?
Get out of my head, you are not welcome in here! I snap at him.
We both jump back in surprise, our eyes locked on to each other in shock. How can we read each others thoughts?
Im Dax, I mean you no harm we have to get back to the group before they notice we are gone.
His voice rings softly through my mind like a rhythm that has always been there.
Chapter Six


That was freaky! I will have to speak to Mother when I get back. Im going to stay as far away from him as I can, and block him out of my mind.
I thought only families could read each others minds, and not every family can do it females are stronger than males.
Father said it was because females are nosy, always wanting to know whats happening. It's also limited to a handful of families born in the Cueva. Mother said it's because of all the years spent together in a close, dark place somehow we became connected on another level. But still, I don't like the idea of other people entering my mind.
As we take the tour of the food plantthe Chancellors way of showing us how grand they are and how grateful we should beI feel Daxs eyes watching me.
I find the tour interesting, but I try not to let on. The food is grown from cows' stem cellsthey call it "bio meat." Cows used to roam the land before the wars, and people would eat the animals. Now there are few left, as most are dead from the chemical fallout.
They show us where they add in the vitamins, and there is a long, impressive list on the wall in the lab, explaining what each one does. The list also explains why age and sex determine which meat you get. When the bio meat arrives at the Cueva once a week, it's divided up into these different sections, and the cooks job is to heat it up. I never understood why our food had our numbers on the lids.... Now it makes sense.
Ive always had an interest in science, like my mother. One day I hope to work in the labs.
Are we nearly done? This is boring, Madison whispers to me. All she wants to do is go to the shops in the hub.
You may learn something. I smile back at her.
What, that our ancestors were crazy people trying to blow up the planet and now we live in caves? Oh wait, I already know that, she says smugly.
All right you are right. I shrug.
She frowns and looks toward the ground. I wish I wasnt.

*****

The rest of the day moves pretty fast. After the bio lab we have lunch, and they let us try the different bio meats. Normally we dont get a choice, but today they have food laid out for us. It looksand tastesdelicious.
Their food is from all the different Sanctions. Many of these treats we have never heard of or tasted before. Once again my stomach feels uncomfortable. If I became a Host, every day I could try something new, and smell the roses. As I look around the room, it's clear that my classmates are thinking the same thing.
Daxs gaze connects with mine. His eyes have a soft, calming element to them they are the same color as mine. His face looks like someone I know, even with the hard-shell of the helmet.
Dont believe them his voice rings in my head.
Okay, class, the time has come to explain why we are here, Madam Uri announces, with an element of joy I havent heard before.
Everyone quickly moves their plates back to the table, leaving the eating area as though weve never been here. That is part of the Cueva way we are one family.
I look back toward the wall where Dax was previously standing, and see him heading toward the door.
Gentlemen, please line up in your number order, Madam Uri announces. We are people, not numbers!
All the boys line up in order. We are used to this in class we sit in order. Over the years, the Chancellor's rules have taken over most of the Cuevas way of life.
Ladies, please do the same.
Everyone falls into place.
Madam Uri extends her arm, then rolls her hand out, pointing her finger toward the door, and looking over to a younger Outsider. Madam Jen lifts her hand to the monitor.
The door doesnt open, and her face quickly turns as red as the cherries I just tasted for the first time in my life.
I I cant, Madam Jen says, embarrassed, moving away from the door. Madam Uri smiles, revealing her crooked yellow teeth the only trace that she was once a Cueva like the rest of us. Luckily, I was born with straight teeth. The same cannot be said for most of my friends.
She knew all the time that Madam Jen wouldnt be able to open the doors. Her hand code has been degraded.
Please, can you open the door? Madam Enid asks one of the guards, breaking the tension from Jen.
There is silence for a moment, as we wait for the guard to respond. Its Dax he just stands motionless, as though he hasnt heard her. The he reaches up to his helmet, and brings the eye cover down and looks away from her.
How rude.
Please Madam Enid begs to the guard next to him. He scans his hand, and the creak from the metal door fills the room as it opens.
Chapter Seven


As the door opens, sunlight floods the room. The powerful rays hit my body, instantly warming me.
Ouch Madison says from behind me. Ive accidentally stepped on her foot.
Sorry.
Come on, ladies and gentlemen, its as though you havent seen sunlight before, Madam Uri laughs, as she walks through the door.
The line starts to move into the glowing sunlight. I have never been through this door normally after the bio lab tour we head back to the Hub. Today is different, because we are the graduating class.
You okay? I ask Madison. I feel awful.
She laughs. Yeah, no worries. Your petite body cannot hurt me.
Before I know it, Im standing in the doorway with one foot on the shiny white floor and the other hovering over it cannot be its grass.
Madison gives me a soft nudge, and my foot lands on green blades that collapse when I stand on them. I quickly lift my foot up to see what damage Ive done; the strands pop quickly back up to attention as though the Chancellor has already trained them.
Gingerly, I continue to walk into the room. But is it a room, or are we outside? A breeze blows across my face.
Panic washes over my body, and I tilt my head back and look up. Phew It's there, the dome is there. They have the windows open, allowing the late afternoon breeze to float through the room.
The line comes to a halt, and we are in our positions. The males are standing in numerical order at the front, with the females at the back.
There is a buzz of excitement in the room. In front of the males is a raised white platform.
Hush hush, Madam Uri commands. We all fall silent.
Good luck, Rian
Come on, sis, you know even if Im selected I will not get through to the actual games our bloody ancestors put a stop to that. What did they do that was so bad?
I can tell you Daxs voice rings through my mind.
Rian, did you hear that?
What?
Someone else is in my mind.
Rian quickly turns around to look at me, his eyes wide. I motion over to Dax. Him...
He glances over at Dax, who remains frozen, his shield covering his face, same as the guards.
Suddenly a large door opens.
An image of beauty appears in the doorway it is the Chancellor's son, Xander, and his new wife, Shristi, from the Rubin Sanction.
Bow, Madam Uri commands.
We all quickly do as she says. Ive only seen Shristi on the screen on her wedding day, and it was the most beautiful thing Id ever seen. Her Sanction is full of color, and it was very present in the wedding.
We have a screen in the food area to display the important information from the Chancellor, normally new rules to obey even though they are not on the scripture.
I wonder if the Empire knows or cares.
Also for special occasions well, thats what they call the punishment allowing people to be punished instead of banished. I never watch. Most of the people in the Cueva dont watch. We are against violenceunless it is justified.
For the wedding, we all turned up. How can you not be happy when two people are in love? It's one of the most natural and strongest elements we have.
Even the wedding cake was covered in edible, hand-painted flowers they were delicious. I can still remember them melting in my mouth.
The brides wedding gown was stark white, her new Sanction element, and her headdress was made of colorful flowers that the lab had made especially for her. Xander was wearing the Sanctions highest soldiers uniforma fitted jacket with matching white pants. It really was a dream-like ceremony, much grander than what we do.
Our tradition is that the male gives the female a token of his love. This token is passed from mother to son, showing their love for one another, and then on to his bride. The token is normally a jewel of some type that she can wear.
Father gave Mother a silver ring. She called it her twig ring, because it looked like branches from a tree like our ancestors drew. But she was wrong. It was the same as the antlers I saw on the animal today.
Chapter Eight


People of Cueva, we bring you here today to announce the selection for the Sanction games, Xanders deep, powerful voice rings out through the room.
And to select my new Host and maybe a new bazi. Damn, Im getting sick of this!
Dax, get out of my head! I shoot him an evil look.
It wasn't me... can you hear him? Dax replies.
Rian, was that you?
Hush I'm trying to listen. I can see Rian shaking his head, then freeze for a moment. He turns back to me.
I can hear two people in the room
And then it all falls silent. Xanders blue eyes are bulging, and he quickly begins to scan the room.
Block block block. I signal out to Rian, and his mind turns black; I can no longer read him, and more importantly, no one else can either.
Xander rubs the bottom of his lip, clearly confused.
Who is here who dares enter my mind? A deep voice echoes out. His eyes swiftly move around the room once again, clearly hoping someone will answer.
Everyone is now staring at him, a little confused, as he stands there silently.
The games, Shristi says softly, breaking his silence.
He shakes his head as he rolls his eyes, smiling, and waves his hand.
Where was I?
About to make the announcement, Madam Uri calls. Xander shoots her a poisonous look If I wanted you to speak I would give you permission, you filthy Outsider.
A lump appears in my throat. I know Im the only person who heard him. Females have the ability to block and listenI can hear Xanders thoughts.
Then he follows with a fake smile. As I was saying, we are here today to announce which Cueva will represent our Sanction. They will never be part of it.
I can feel the sweat entering my fists, each time I squeeze them tighter I want to stop listening to his thoughts. But I want to know more.
The games were started hundreds of years ago by our founding Fathers and the Empire. Winning the Games brings great pride to our Sanction. Power and money
You have been training all your lives for these Games. You stupid lab rats, sacrificing your lives for us, and you will never be accepted here. Over the years, people have died in the games, but that is part of the battle... for freedom.
You have been selected for your strength, your speed and your brains. You are our sacrifice.
I can feel the blood boiling through my body, as though Im about to explode.
I dont want Rian to be selected not after that. But we have no choice.
Xander looks over at his personal security officer, and the guard quickly comes to his side, holding out his hand computer device.
Staring down at it for a moment, Xander then begins to call out the numbers, one after another. Thirty will be selected today. They will go straight to the male compound and begin training. Then, once training is completed, the top ten will be selected.
Good luck, I love you I say to Rian.
I love you too
The numbers stop being called out. Then Xander quickly lowers the little computer and climbs down from the platform. Shristi reaches for him, and he brushes her hand away. An angry look appears on her beautiful face.
He begins to slowly walk along the line where Rian is standing, looking at each male in his eye, as if he is trying to read their minds. But it doesnt work that way!
He looks at his screen and then calls out a number. It's not Rian, but the male next to him. Chancellor freezes as he waits for an answer.
I hold my breath as I wait.
7202.
It's Rians number. Madison nudges me and is smiling at me, unaware of what is happening.
Xander turns to me. I can feel him trying to enter my mind. I cannot break his glare... he will not enter.
He pushes past my brother, and the row of males behind him. He is standing in front of me now, our eyes locked together.
My mind is strong, but my body is not. I can feel it shrinking under his presence. He tilts his head, and his eyes move up and down my body.
Are you in my head, pretty little girl?
I stand frozen to the spot. He peers down on me, and his nose is almost touching mine. I can feel the tension in the air. I dont answer.
Xander. We have a luncheon with your father, Shristi announces, clearly not happy with how close her husband is to me. He breaks his glare.
Later, my pretty one I select you to be my Host
I stifle a gasp.
Think think I will own your whole body and mind.
Arh arh. Swiftly raising my hand to my nose, I pretend to sneeze. Xander quickly moves out of the way.
Yeah, you'd better run from my virus. I will never be your Host.
He quickly looks over at the guard, who says, They were all checked for disease or viruses.
Xander rubs his hand across his milky-white face. Where was I? He looks back at his computer, and then back at me. I can feel his eyes burning into my cheeks. Here.
He continues to call out the numbers, and he walks back to the platform.
Congratulations to those who have been selected. Gentlemen, please go with the guard. Time to say goodbye to your loved ones.
With that, the selection for the Sanction Games is over. The chosen males fall into line, and have their bar codes scanned and upgraded. There are three levels: level three if you are selected for the Sanction Games or as a Host, level two if you are born here, and finally, level one if you have the untouchable bloodline.
Rian follows the others, not looking back once. I know he wants to, but it's not safe here. I want to give him a hug and wish him good luck. I will not see him until after the Games. Is it him? Is it him? Xanders mind rings out, mocking me, as each one walks by him.
My heart feels broken. We cannot even use our special bond. I have to get out of this room. My body moves forward, out of the line.
You okay? Madison whispers as she pulls me back.
Chapter Nine


With all the males gone, I am standing in front of Xander and Shristi. I can feel his eyes willing me to look up.
Instead, I look over to Dax. Do you know him? Xanders voice echoes once again.
Slowly I move my eyes over to Madison, and smile softly as though I have not heard him. From the corner of my eye I see Xander moving toward his wife and whispering something to her.
They both turn and look at me. I cannot control the urge to look back at them. His wife nods, almost in agreement, with a smile on her face, creating cracks in her makeup.
She also chooses you as our Host.
Im going to be sick. I can feel the bile moving up into my mouth.
Ladies, welcome to our wonderful Sanction. What a joyous time this is in your lives. Like the men, you have the choice to join Purenet. You were given the power to be a Host and earn your way in, Shristi says, with a fake smile plastered across her face.
My stomach turns as I force the bile back down.
Please step forward, those deciding to join our beautiful Sanction, she says with a happy tone.
And those who dont, go to the back of the room, she snaps, showing her true colors.
Goodbye, Madison whispers, as she lets go of my hand and moves toward the stage with the others.
This is my freedom, going back to the Cueva. My body is filled with sadness and relief.
Quickly I turn around on my heels and head to the back of the room, with the males from Cueva. I can feel Xanders eyes on me, and Daxs as well. I can barely breathe.
Where are you going!? Xanders voice questions angrily, stopping me in my tracks.
Where is she going? I can hear the pleading tone in Shristis voice. Nervously I look to my side and there are just a couple of other females heading to the back of the room, looking as nervous as I.
Hush, Xander whispers.
Make your life easy now join your sisters, his disgusting voice pours into my mind.
I breathe a sigh of relief as I stand behind Lowell. His broad shoulders can protect me from Xanders life-sucking stare.
Go hide, little girl....
Chapter TenDax


His dirty eyes watch her as she walks to the rest of her people, not willing to surrender her body for their greed. He will crush her soul until she submits to his demands. I hate my brother for that; he is the same as my father, rotten to the core.
My father had the chance to make this place fair and peaceful for everyone, but instead he chose power and greed. Xander is the same. Im glad they banished me when they did.
If she can hear me, then she must be able to hear his thoughts too. No wonder the poor kid looks terrified. Ive never seen someones skin turn that white before. She already stood out among the other Cuevas, with her pale features and piercing blue eyes.
Xander spotted her to be the Host for his new bride the moment she walked through the door. I'll bet Shristi has wanted a child for her newest accessory since the wedding night.
The fact that the girl didn't stand to be selected as a Host will make him want her even morethey will not give in.
I need to think of Ayah. Now is not the time to think about this mysterious girl.

*****

The Cueva Hosts are having their scan upgrades and leaving through the door, for their new lives.
The last girl walks through everything is going according to plan. The door closes behind her and half of the guards.
Leaving the unselected Cuevas at the back of the room with the Outsiders, Xander, his wife, and two Purenet guards begin to exit.
I give the nod toward the Purenet guards. At the same time, they each swing their guns back, and then with all the force they can muster, hit Xanders personal security on their heads, knocking them down instantly.
Xander looks on in shock. What are you doing? his wife shrieks.
Shut it, he snaps at her. She folds her arms together, angry. This already looks like an untouchable couple. Nothing but hatred running through their bloodlines, forced together for the greater good of the Empire.
Xander looks over at me and the other guard as we point our guns toward them. They are on their own. They are weak.
What do you want? he asks me, as he looks around the room.
Medicine, I reply.
I need medicine as well her soft voice runs through my mind once again.
Xander and I both turn to look at her, and the other people in the room look terrified.
Damn. Xander looks back at me swiftly. He knows I can hear her.
Show me your face, Xanders voice booms through the room.
I will gladly show you, brother.
Xander takes a step back in amazement.
I slide up the eyepiece to reveal my face, and a smug grin appears on his lips as he nods.
Ah... dear brother. I thought the Grounders would have killed you by now. They cannot do even a simple job. They truly are the most worthless people on the planet. Father is not going be happy you are alive. It's going to be fun hunting you.
The guard nudges me, knocking me out of the mind games with Xander.
I quickly slide my mask back down and wave my hand toward the two guards. They instantly stand at Xanders side.
Xander does move, surrendering to them for now.
You are their leader haha, now this is going to be fun little brother comes back for revenge.
Open the door, I order to Xanders wife. She has a level one pass.
She stands motionless.
Just do it. They will not get out of here alive. Xander makes a hand signal, ushering her compliance.
The guards push them both over to the door. You'd better watch what you are touching, Xander orders.
Please take me I need medicine for my mother she is dying Her soft voice rings like music through my mind.
Xander stops.
Go on, Dax, go get your girl. It will be more fun hunting both of you
Shut up! I explode.
He lets out a roar of laughter, and I whip my gun across the back of his head. His body jolts forward, and the laughter stops.
I will kill your precious girl and her brother and mother because of you. I will make you watch. The whole Sanction will watch, and I will show them all that I am the new Chancellor.
Chapter Eleven


Wait there, Dax orders the guard.
He is moving over toward us do I want to go with him? His brother is Xander? And Xander wants to kill my family? Too many questions are flying through my head.
What if Rian isnt going to be selected? Then I have to be a Host for the Xander child, and his evil spawn will be growing inside me. I think it would be better to be punished than to let my mother die.
The crowd of Cueva males move closer together to protect the weaktheir females. Lowells body is blocking me from Dax.
I can see his feet; he is standing in front of us. I dont mean her any harm, Dax says to reassure Lowell, and I believe him.
I prod Lowell in the back with my finger, and he quickly turns around to face me.
I place my hand up to my mouth, and Lowell lowers his ear toward my lips. I want to go with him, for my mother, I whisper so that only he can hear.
He swiftly raises his head and shakes it in defiance. I slowly nod up and down.
I thought you wanted Xander and medicine leave the poor girl alone! Madam Enid yells, taking us all by surprise.
I take the chance, and squeeze through the wall of bodies. I cannot believe I'm going to do this.
Taking in a deep breath of air, I sweep my hair across my face, trying to compose myself.
Take my arm like you are forcing me.
What?
Do it!
Dax obeys my order. They have to believe hes taking me against my will, so theyll let me back into the Cueva.
Get your hands off her! Lowell shouts, as he reaches for Daxs gun.
Dax is quicker than Lowell and moves out of the way, dragging me with him.
She is coming with us. Dax holds the gun out toward Lowell.
Lowell steps toward Dax. I raise my hand to Lowell and rest it on his chest. Lowell, dont, I plead.
Stay here if you dont want to get hurt, Dax orders. Did I make the right choice?
Dont hurt him, I beg.
Chapter Twelve


With that split-second decision, my life has changed forever.
Welcome to the party... Xanders voice hammers inside my head.
Shut up! You dont scare me! I snap back at him with my newly-found courage.
He just laughs at me.
Over here, Dax commands, and I do as Im told. Dont talk to him dont let him in your head, he whispers.
Dax smiles over toward Xander in a playful way, and Xander smiles back. This is weird are they playing some horrible trick on me?
Xander, you know what Im going to make you do next, don't you? Dax says.
Of course, little brother. You are so predictable, Xander replies, shaking his head. You know Father and I will hunt you down. And kill you all. Even your sweet little girl, once she has served her purpose.
This is a family argument; why are they bringing me into it?
Unless I kill you first, Dax says, no longer joking, as he pulls his gun toward Xanders face. Then he points to a cupboard in the corner of the room.
Xander rolls his eyes. Big man, now you have a gun.
Get them in, Dax snaps to the guards.
Xander climbs into the cupboard before the guards can push him in. They must have played here when they were children.
His wife isn't quick enough, and the guards push her in. Her screams bounce off the walls. Control your wife! Dax orders, as the doors quickly shut on them, blocking out her cries for help.
He bends down to a lower cupboard and pulls out some bags.
What medicine do you need? Dax asks.
Something to treat blood cancer, I reply.
Dax grabs a handful of medicine jars, springs, and a square device about the size of my hand. You will need these. He shoves them into a bag and passes it to me.
Grab what you can from that shelf. We do as requested. Finally, I will be able to give my mother her life back.
I go to reach for one of the last jars, and one of the guards does the same. Our hands brush together, and an electric charge flies up my arm from his touch. I swiftly move away, and so does he. Did he feel that as well?
Sorry after you. He lifts his face shield to reveal piercing blue eyes, instantly drawing me into them.
Beep... beep... My body jumps as alarms ring out from the other room where my friends are.
Bloody Outsiders, some of them are worse than the Purenet. I knew we shouldve tied them up. We have a few minutes to get out of here, Dax says. There is no doubt in my mind that Madam Uri tripped the alarm. I bet she forced Madam Jen to open the door.
We have to leave now. You will have to come with us. Dax looks at me with a concerned and puzzled look on his face, as though he hasnt worked the next part out yet.
Neither have I what did I think would happen once I got the medicine? That I could just walk back to the shuttle with my friends, and then get the healer to make my mother better? How could I have been so nave? The guard at the gate was right I am stupid!
Dax rummages through his pocket and quickly pulls out pieces of oh my goodness Im going to be sick  it's a piece of skin.
I back away from Dax and he smiles, waving the flap of skin up and down.
The other guard smiles with Dax. What kind of animals are you? Ive made one big mistake here.
Pig, Dax says, smiling, as he walks toward another door.
Its pigs skin. The guard laughs.
Dax throws the piece of pig skin through the air toward me. A shudder sweeps across my face as the skin lands on the floor.
Come on, you, pick it up we need it to get out of here.
Im not touching that! Pigs are animals our ancestors used to eat. They are vile creatures that eat their own feces.
Pick it up.
I bend down and prod it with my finger it feels like human flesh.
Science class is over, just pick it up. I can hear the urgency in Daxs voice.
Well, next time don't bloody throw it at me! I pick it up with my finger and thumb, with my arm stretched out so it's as far away from me as possible. There is a bar code inked into the skin, the same as what we all have. Great, even a piece of skin has a higher-level clearance than I do.
I pass it over to Dax. Where did you get pig skin from? I ask, as he holds it up to the monitor and the doors slide open. The rays of sunlight hit me. Instantly I move away from the danger.
You dont need to be scared of the sun come, I will show you, Dax says softly.
He holds out his hand and I take it without hesitation.
Chapter Thirteen


Dax takes us through the maze of doors and corridors; it's clear he used to play down here when he was younger. But this is not a game. If we get caught they will punish us, probably with death.
We are walking as quickly as we can without running. Im getting a level one view of the inner guts of Purenetlab after lab, hidden away from the world. I wonder what is happening behind the doors. Actually, its probably better if I dont know.
What is the plan? I ask Dax. He has been firmly by my side since we left the lab and my old life. The other guards are surrounding me, as though Im their prisoner. I asked them to do this.
We have to get to the main hub, then to the workers quarters. Then we will climb over the wall, Dax explains as if he's telling us a playful story.
How are we getting over the wall? I ask, puzzled.
You will see.
Im getting tired of this you will see crap. Just tell me.
Hush, we are here. Dax swipes the monitor with the pig skin one more time, and double doors open, announcing us to the Purenet hub.
Great bloody entrance, this is clearly the Chancellor's door. We freeze for a moment, almost waiting for what will happen next. But nothing does, and the people quickly get bored of staring and waiting, and continue on with their business.
Phew, I let out a sigh of relief.
Its not over yet. Sorry, kid, this is just the beginning, the guard next to me explains in a concerned tone.
As I look up, I can see why a giant, ten-foot screen in the middle of the hub has a picture of me on it.
I turn around to see if a camera is on me, and then back at the screen it's just a photo. Panic riddles though my body.
Dax Dax.
Stay calm do as I tell you.
I nod in agreement.
Now.
With that, our little pack of guards begins to move through the hub with me, in the middle, trying to be invisible among the people.
The image of me on the screen disappears did I really see it?
Another image appears. Oh no... Its the Head of the Purenet army, standing with his arms folded. This is really happening.
People of Purenet we need your help. One of the visitors from Cueva has gotten lost. Please help us find her.
Whats going on? I think, and Dax hears me.
It's a trap, they don't want anyone to panic
Everyone is hustling past as if nothing happened. But the guards, on the other hand, are quickly moving around.
More guards are appearing with every step we take toward the workers quarters.
The guards around me come closer, pressing my body against theirs. The air is being swallowed up by their pressure. I feel dizzy.
Quickly, they spotted us, Dax whispers, and then looks toward me with fear in his eyes, but with a smug smile on his face.
We all take off running; the force of their bodies pulls me along, as though my feet arent touching the ground. They are fast and really strong.
Within moments we are at the workers quarters.
Dax places the pig skin over the scanner, and the doors open. I can hear the Chancellors guards trying to get through the people. It will not be long before they reach us.
Chapter Fourteen


Everyone in the workers quarters stares at me like I have two heads, as Dax and the others barricade the doors.
Whos she? a voice rings out from the small crowd of workers.
Shes with me, Dax announces, as he stands proudly by my side.
She's not part of the plan. A man steps forward. Hes dressed as a Purenet, but it's clear hes with Dax.
She is now! the guard I had the electric touch with yells out. I think he likes me.
As Hayden said, she is now, Dax states, as he walks through the crowd of confused workers on break.
Hayden nice name.
Not the time! Daxs voice angrily rings through my mind.
Reznor is not going to be happy about this, another voice chirps up.
When is he ever happy? Let me worry about him, and you worry about our getting out of here. Dax looks around and notices the workers staring at us with their mouths gaping open.
I am the Chancellors son, Dax. I ask for your help, not as his son, but as a man in need. Looking around, I guess most of you were born in the Cueva or have family from there?
Many of them nod.
My brother wants this Cueva, Dax says as he looks over at me. Everyones eyes land on me. Someone from your original family. I ask that you once again protect a fellow Cueva as your ancestors taught you. Your bond for each other is one of your strongest powersone that my father fears the most. Dax rubs his hands together and continues. This is not an order you have to obey because I gave it to you, but because it is the right thing to do.
The room falls silent.
What do you want us to do? a soft voice asks.
Dax smiles at the young woman in front of us. She is only a few years older than I; it seems she is a former Host. All we ask is that you distract the guards and tell them there's something lodged between the doorswhich you are fixing. And the rest of you, please just deny seeing us.
Go now, the young woman orders.
Thank you.

*****

Dax flings open the exit door in the workers quarters, and we all pile out to the view of a grey stone wall. We are at the Purenet boundaries; this is all that stands between us and our freedom.
As my eyes trail up the wall to find the top, a soft breeze floats across my face. I continue looking upthere is no dome anymore. My naked skin is out in the open. It feels so different from when were ordered to go outsidestanding there with others, terrified that we are killing ourselves. Today I feel free, alive. There isnt a look of fear on Dax's face.
The sun will not hurt you not anymore, Dax states.
Why not?
Because it stopped hurting us about twenty years ago.
What? I shake my head. But people in Cueva still get sick from it.
It's not from the sun, it's from the food.... he admits.
The food?
Yes. When my father found out that the sun was no longer harmful, he had to find another way to control the people in the Cueva. He had the labs inject diseases into the bio meat. I found out a few years ago and I wanted to stop it. Dax throws his guards helmet on the ground, revealing his whole face for the first time. He has pure white hair like mine, and his eyes are blue with a green warmth around the pupil, just like my mother!
You are my brother!
Dax stares at me for a moment.
Now is not the time. Then his mind goes blank. He has blocked me.
Dax and the other men pull out what look like guns, but with hooks on top. I dont like the look of this.
Step back, Dax instructs.
Then, one after another, they shoot each gun; instead of a bullet, the hook comes flying out and attaches itself to the top of the wall.
You will have to come with me, Dax says. He turns to the group. Everyone ready? Even though he is the youngest, he is clearly the leader. Everyone nods, and I can feel the tension in the air as we wait for the door to open and the guards to come running through.
Lets get the hell out of here their pure white crap is giving me head pains. One of the guys from the workers quarters next to me laughs. His white uniform is somehow already dirty. I know what Dax means it's blinding in there.
With that he holds the gun up, presses his hand inwards, and then his body flies up the cord to the hook at the top.
Skylier, you want to come with me? Not sure if little Dax can hold on to you all the way up, Hayden laughs, as he fires his gunwithout looking upto the top of the wall.
Cut the crap, Hayden, Dax snaps. It's clear that Hayden is a few years older than Dax, and he is definitely more muscular, like Lowell I hope Lowells okay.
You ready? Dax asks me softly.
See you guys up there. Hayden winks at me as he flies up the rope.
You sure Ive got no other way out?
Nope. Dax shrugs and smiles. He waves his hand, indicating for me to move closer to him. Okay, you have to hold on to me tightly. Whatever happens don't let go the drop will kill you.
Quickly I place the bag of medicine on my back and grab hold of Dax so Im facing him. He raises his hands and gun in the air.
Ready? he asks, taking in a deep breath. From the corner of my eye I can see something moving. It's the guards they have gotten through the door.
Yes, go theyre here!
With that, Dax presses the button. Our bodies fly upwards through the air, taking my breath away, as my arms grip tightly around his waist.
Get them! one of the guards below shouts.
Our bodies spin around from the force, smacking us into the textured stone wall.
Arh I scream out in pain. I can feel the skin ripping from my arms as Im dragged up the wall. My grip becomes weak, and I cannot hold on for much longer.
Zoom zoom rings by my ears. They are shooting at us.
No...! the man next to me yells. His cord wiggles out of control, taking him with it, as they both crash to the ground. The guards shot out his cord they are trying to bring us down to our deaths.
Zoom zoom fills the air, followed by screams of pain.
The ride comes to a stopwe reach the top. Help Skylier, Dax yells out to Hayden, who is standing on top of the wall.
He grips hold of me, ripping me away from Daxs body, and sets me on the wall, as if I am a childs doll. Hes so strong.
Dax, Hayden, and the others begin firing down toward the guards.
We have to get out of here! I yell out over the bullets and screams of pain.
Not until everyone is up stay down, Dax orders, as he tries to shield my body.
As soon as I look at the ground beneath me, I wish I hadnt. Bodies lie lifeless on the ground, with pools of blood staining their white uniforms.
We will be like that too if we dont move soon.
One after another, the people scaling up the walls are dropping, Dax takes a few guards outbut we are just outnumbered.
Zoom Zoom. Ahhhhh! screams one of the men next to me. His body flies backward, with blood spurting from the back of his shoulder. Dax dives toward him and grabs hold of him before he falls off the wall.
Go go, guys, we are all up! Dax orders.
Chapter Fifteen


Dax latches the hook to the wall. Without being asked, I grab hold of him I want to get the hell out of here.
We fly down the wall. Aaaah!
Daxs body lands on top of mine as we crash to the ground.
His elbow pushes down into my ribs as he wobbles to get up. Every muscle in my body burns in pain. Hayden reaches out to help me off the ground, and I let him. My hand is the only part of my body thats not in pain.
My arms are raw and dripping blood where the flesh has been torn. Just looking at them makes me feel dizzy. The rest of my body would also have been ripped to shreds if it wasnt for this awful grey dressironically, the one the Chancellor gave me.
Sorry, are you okay? Dax asks.
He looks like he's dancing around in front of me as though there are two of him. I shake side to side, as I try to lose the weird visual.
Here, drink this. Dax passes me his flask.
I hadnt realized how thirsty I was, as I pour the sweet, delicious liquid down my throat.
Hey, save me some.
I pass it back, licking my lips to savor the last taste.
What is it?
Cider. I will tell you more about this stuff later. Now we have to go get our bikes.
Come on, you three, someone yells back to us. In my confusion, I hadn't realized everyone else left us. Their silhouettes quickly become a blur on the dry desert horizon.
Can you run? Dax asks as he looks at my raw arm.
I want to say no, but what other choice do I have? I chose this life, now I have to take it to run for my freedom.
Yes, I say strongly, in a tone Ive never used before.
Dax releases my hand as we take off running on the uneven, red ground that reminds me of the floor in the Cueva. I have a new feeling in my body I feel alive. Freedom is keeping me moving.
I glance back over my shoulder, and the Purenet city looks tiny. Just a dot on the world. I cannot see any guards, but they will be here soon on their trucks and bikes.
Keep going, Skylier, just around the rocks. Dax points to the huge mountains of rocks that look as though theyve been here since before the wars, when man first stepped onto the planet. We are the only people out in the open; it's as though we are the last people in the world.

*****

My lungs feel like all the air is being squeezed from them. Placing my hands on my hips, I breathe in and out slowly, as salty sweat pours down my face.
Out of breath, Cueva? Hayden laughs. Looking up with at him with my burning red face, I squint my eyes in disgust. Neither of them are out of breath.
Let her be, Dax says, as he climbs on to his motorbike. Theyd hidden them in a cave behind the rocks. I wish I could lie down in the cave and take a nap. My body is exhausted.
Come on, you can ride with me, Dax says.
Ive never been on a motorbike before. Ive seen them a few times when the Grounders would speed past the Cueva when we were having our UVA ray therapy.
Just watching them excited me, and now Im going to ride one. I want to squeal with excitement. It has a beautifully streamlined design, matte-black with aqua detailing. The shiny silver pipes look like mirrors as they catch the suns rays.
Dax swipes his finger over the control panel, and the bike begins to hum softly. I lift my body onto the seat, automatically wrapping my arms around Dax.
Are you ready? he asks me over the rhythmic humming sound.
Yes, I say, excited.
Hold on tight she goes fast.
Ahhh! I squeal, as the bike starts moving.
He was rightit does go fast. I grip even tighter around his waist. If I fall off at this speed therell be nothing left but my bones.
My hair flies back into the sky behind me; the wind blows hard in my face, stealing my breath.
Hayden rides next to us, and we exchange smiles of joy.
So this is what it feels like to live.
Chapter Sixteen


Dax lowered his mind block from me when we took off, but I dont bother him with questions. I just want to enjoy the rideand Im not sure Im ready for the answers.
I love the humming sound the bike makes, and it feels like were flying.
I havent seen the others for the last hour; they took off before us, and I have a feeling Dax is going slower because Im on the back.
Every so often a sign of the deserts harsh conditions comes to light in the shape of a body stripped dry from its human form, with only its skeleton remaining. Wild animals roam this land, searching for the weak.
The blazing orange sun is setting, and it looks as though it is burning the ground around it as waves of heat blur the horizon. This is the first time I have seen a sunsetthe color is breathtaking. The moon is rising in the north. This is the time I would normally be getting up for school, not getting ready to go to sleep; but Im worn out.
It's lovely.
I know you never get used to the natural beauty.
Are we nearly there? Im losing the feeling in my hands and butt.
Ha ha, yes, nearly there, and you can give your butt a rest.
Damn... I hate that it's hard to remember someone can hear my thoughts. Rian used to do it all the time to me when we would chat before lights out.
I love the family bond we have together; it's as though we are one. I wish he was closer so I could speak with him. By now they will have figured out Im his sister. I hope hes okay.

*****

The desert has turned pitch black. I can tell Dax is having problems riding, but my eyes are used to the dark.
In the distance I can see an orange flame dancing in the evening wind. Over there, I yell out to Dax. My mind block is up since the butt comment. I need to work out how he thinks and when hes in my head. It's hard to concentrate now.
Dax nods as he rides in the direction of the flames.
Fffff mmppp softly rings out in the silent desert. Bang Bang.
My body tightens up, as I know what is coming
Ahh! someone screams.
Did you hear that? I ask Dax.
No What?
They are here. We are too late.
Daxs body tightens up, as he moves the bike in another direction away from the flames, dimming his lights as low as he can, allowing just enough light to see. Hayden does the same.
Looking over toward the flames, I can see even from far away that they are raging too large.
Dax moves speedily away from the enraged flames, toward another rock formation.
Once we are hidden, Dax turns the bike off, and the desert is silent.
I want to climb off the bike, but my body is frozen in the seated position. But I have to move. So I lean sideways to allow my weight to help me lift one leg over. My feet land on the ground with a thud, and my body feels heavy, as if my legs cannot even hold my weight.
I start breathing in slowly to relax my body and mind.
Dax steps off the bike and heads over toward the edge of the rocks, where Hayden is already standing.
I follow.
We peer around the edge. The blaze is raging high, almost as high as a Purenet building.
Breathing in and out, I try to compose myself.
I focus on listening  I can hear mumbled voices,
They have to be close we cannot go back to the Chancellor without them.
Anyone for chargrilled Grounders? one of the voices laughs. My legs buckle beneath me as I realize what they mean.
Dax bends over to me. What did you see?
It's not what I saw, it's what I heard. I cannot tell him the words cannot come out.
They killed them, they burned them to death they are laughing about it.
Dax slumps his body down next to mine.
What else did they say?
They cannot go back to the Chancellor without us.
Chapter Seventeen


Dax and I are frozen to the cold, rough ground that reminds me of home. I would be in class now if I hadnt decided to go with Dax. And, just maybe, his friends would still be alive.
Ashamed, I rest my head on my knees as I try to conserve the last bit of body heat I have.
Haydens voice breaks the silence. We have to wait here until the sun rises. We cannot ride in the dark, and if we turn our lights on they will see us for sure. Or we can wait for them to leave, whichever comes first.
Dax nods in agreement.
I can see in the dark. And read minds. I lift up my head proudly.
Really? I heard some Cuevas can do that. What else can you do? Hayden asks.
I can hear the softest whispers.
You can do both? Dax asks.
Yes. It took years of training my mind to stay calm and focus but there is nothing much else to do in the Cueva school work... eat... sleep. It's kind of boring. Most people dont bother now; they just focus on getting out of Cueva.
But you were going to go back. You werent going to be a Host, so you would have spent the rest of your life there, Hayden says.
Thats true but I prefer to be bored rather than to become a Host; at least then I would own my own body. The Cueva is a better option for me. Well, it's my only option. I rest my head on my knees again. Where will I live now?
Whats wrong with your mother? Dax pauses as he asks.
I tilt my head at the puzzled look on his face.
She has blood cancer. She doesnt have long to live just a few weeks. My heart breaks as the words pour from my mouth. We were hoping my brother, Rian, would get selected for the Sanction Games, and then the money would pay for the medicine she needs. But in all the years of my family trying to get into the Games, weve never been selected. It's like someone is holding our family back.
Dax lowers his head in shame.
Your father did this to her spills out of my mind.
Daxs eyes widen as he hears me. I know.
Sorry, I know it's not your fault. It's just you know horrible that hes doing that to my people.
Hayden stands there looking puzzled. Did I miss something?
Dax and I glance at each other; weve been alternating between mental and vocal conversations. No wonder Hayden is confused.
Dax remains silent for a moment. We can read each others minds, he says, as he waves his hand between us.
Hayden stands back in surprise. Cool, can you read mine? he asks me, and squints his eyes as he stares at me.
I burst into laughter, and so does Dax. Hayden folds his arms, clearly upset.
Screw you two! Hayden walks off to another rock formation.
Come back, were only joking, Dax laughs.
Hayden raises his middle finger to us and disappears.
He will forget all about it after a nap. Dax smiles.
So why did your father banish you? I've been dying to ask him this question since I first found out.
Because I heard my father talking with someone about the poisoned bio meat. I told him I was going to tell everyone. Dax frowns a little as he says it, as though hes embarrassed.
Who was he talking to?
Someone from another Sanction, or Outsiders. I think the Empire is making all the Chancellors do it. To be honest, I think the Sanction Chancellors are enjoying it. It will give them power for another century.
Do you trust President Tyler? Dax asks me, referring to the leader of the Cueva.
Yes, Ive known him since I was a child. Hes my parents' best friend. They all grew up together.
Dax falls silent for a moment. Where is your father?
My father went to sell his organs in Purenet and never came back.

*****

My mother begged him not to go, but he insisted. He refused to allow the disease to kill her. He would have preferred to die himself.
Please, Kaso, dont go. I beg you, Mother cried out from her bed. This was the place she spent most of her time, as her legs were too weak to carry her.
Surely there is another option? Rian asked the same question I wanted to.
Son, there is none. We all know that. Lets enjoy these moments together. I will be home before you even realize I have gone. A fake smile was pasted on my father's face.
I wished I could read his mind, like Callie and Rian could. It was always weird that I could not. Mother said it was because of my other special gifts. I would have given them all up that day if I could have just heard the thoughts running through his mind.
But I was sure it wouldn't have done much good over the previous few months Rian and Callie had been blocked, even when they played games. It was as if he was worried some thought would slip away from him.
Please, can you take Callie to her dorm? Thank you, Father said.
As we walked silently along the path carved out of the rocks, many thoughts ran through Callies and my minds. Will he be okay? What if he never comes back? I wonder what a kidney looks like. I bet it's all gooey. She hadnt learned to block yet; I wished she had question after question
He will be fine.
What if hes not? Then what?
Callie, stop thinking, you are giving me a headache. Block.
Hey, thats not fair!
Hell be fine. Get some sleep. He will be back before you know it. I hoped he would. I was asking the same questions she was; I just didnt want to admit it.
Okay. Callie slumped her shoulders down in defeat.
Come here. I grabbed her around her waist and squeezed her tightly. A seven-year-old shouldnt have to go through this, and she wouldnt have to if they just gave Mother the medicine. Why did things have to be so complicated?
Group hug. Callie laughed as she dragged Rian by his arm. She was strong, like Rian. He had no choice but to join in, and he threw his arms around us.
Arh I need air, Callie squealed, laughing.
Rian and I jumped back, giving our little sister some space to breathe.
Good night, Callie, sleep tight see you tomorrow. I softly kissed her on her head.
Rians question broke the silence as we walked back to our parents' room. What if he doesnt come back?
He will.
You are talking to me now, not Callie, he muttered.
He has to
Youve heard about others not coming back, right?
Of course. But they were sick before they left. Fathers not sick.
But were they?
What?
Rian looked around the Cueva; we knew we were being watched.
Why would they let you sell your organs if you were sick? That doesnt make sense, even for them. And think backdo you remember any of them being sick before they left?
Dont think like that we have to stay positive for them.
All right, kids less of the sad faces. Father smiled warmly, creating wrinkles around his eyes. Mothers illness had aged him. He had also lost weight from the stressor was he sick like the others?
Without thinking, my arms wrapped around his waist, hugging him tightly. I didn't want to let go I didn't want him to go. My eyes welled up with tears; I could no longer be the strong one.
Why can one of us not go with you? I blurted out.
Skylier, my dear, you know the rules. One has to be invited to Purenet.
I hate the rules! My screaming voice bounced off the cave walls.
Hush, child, you know the rules stopped the wars. We have to be grateful to the Chancellor for that. At a time like this he used the same line as always, be grateful to the Chancellor. It was as if he was programmed to say it.
I would be grateful if he gave Mother the drugs she needs, instead of your having to sell your organs. Are we not worth more than that? I yelled, unable to control my anger anymore. It was just wrong!
Hush! Father snapped loudly, Its your curfew time. I will see you tomorrow.
Fine!
Watch that tongue of yours. Remember the ways we taught you Skylier, remember.

*****

Tears roll down my cheeks onto my dress as I rest my head on my knees and remember that day. That was the last time I spoke to him. I was angry and stormed back to my room. Each night I waited for the shuttle to return and bring my father homebut it never did.

*****

Dax wraps his warm arm around my shoulders. But I still feel cold inside.
Chapter Eighteen


Whats your mother like? Daxs voice drifts into my mind.
She's beautiful, with hazel-green eyes that have sparkling blue edges, just like yours. Her hair is bright-white, like mine. Her heart is warm and joyful her love for us is almost overwhelming, it's so strong. She is smart, way too smart for Father She is the image of what a mother should be.
But that was before she became sick. She is still all those things, but in shadow form her skin has a grey tone as she fades from life to death. The joy in her voice is gone, rough, as if the cough has ripped the last bit of happiness away from her.
Sometimes it's hard to recognize her, but the bonds of love will always be there.
Whats your mother like? I allow my thoughts to drift into his without hesitating.
Daxs mind goes blank for a moment, but he hasnt blocked me its more like hes frozen in time.
Wiping my tears from my face, I turn to him.
He tilts his head and stares back, a puzzled look on his face.
What is it? I ask.
Was your mother a Host?
No well, thats the part thats not adding up. I was thinking the same. She said she wasnt but I feel like she was. Can you read other peoples minds?
Yes, my brothers'Xander and Neroand my fathers. Dax looks to the ground in disgust. But most of the time I block Xanders and my fathers thoughtsthey are both evil and twisted, always preying on the weak seeking ways to become stronger and more powerful. Could your father read yours?
Nope, could yours?
Nope. He hated the fact that I could read his, but loved that Xander could it made it easier for them when they were attacking people.
What about Nero? He is the second-oldest son. He moved away to another Sanction a few years ago. He will never be the Chancellor of Purenet because Xander will take that role.
Dax picks up the little sand particles off the ground and rubs them between his fingers.
He is the smart one in the family. He learned quickly about Xander and Fathers twisted ways he pretended he couldn't hear them. He told me to do the same, but I was too young and stupid to listen to him.
Could you read your mothers mind? I ask.
No... Could you?
Yes she also blocked me, until she got too sick and weak. I hate referring to the strong woman I grew up with as weak.
What was your mother like? I ask.
Like my father. He sighs. We had staff that raised us my parents liked Xander and his twisted ways, the complete opposite of me. Daxs face turns into a scowl.
I always thought that the Host received the egg and sperm from the sponsors, and the Host just hosted the baby, then gave it over to the genetic parents. This is what weve been told.
Thats what I thought as well... but what do we know? This place is built on lies. Dax shrugs his shoulders.
One thing I do know is that only blood relations can read each others thoughts. I think my mother has some questions to answer.
Dax falls silent for a moment and then nods in agreement. We will go to the Grounders first, and then to your mother. I really want to go home first, but the Grounders home is before our committee. I guess thats why he joined the Groundershe got there first. Most people dont last for the entire walk.
Try to get some sleep. He stands up, clearly not wanting to talk anymore.
I curl up in a ball on the rough ground, just like at home but this different. I feel like one of the newly-born stars in the sky, breaking through the dark night for the very first time.
Chapter Nineteen


Dax wake up.
Weve taken turns doing the look-out in the middle of the night. He is awake in an instant.
They are packing up and going back to Purenet, I quickly mumble as I try to get all my words out. And another team is already approaching Grounders base. I didnt want to tell him what I heard, but I have to.
What!?
I nod. That's why they can go back to Purenet.
No! Reznor was right all along. Hed said theyd come after me.
Whos Reznor?
The leader of the Grounders, Ayah's brother.
Are the you know, the Grounders, like, crazy? Cant they fight them off? I say bluntly.
Dax stops walking and turns to look at me. Do I look crazy? He angrily waves his hands in the air.
Mmm well, right now you do.
Dax shakes his head. Most of them are sick, which is why I had to get the medicine.
Whats wrong with them?
We think our crops were poisoned.
How?
Normally the Purenet aircraft flies over us in the daylight about once a month, checking up on us.
I nod. They are lucky it's once a month we have it every second of our lives.
Then one day, the hum of the plane came in the evening. I remember because there was also a sound like rain tapping down on my roof. But when I looked outside, it wasnt raining. At the time I didnt think much of it, because the weather can vary. Once the new crops were ready to harvest and were eaten, people began to get sick really sick. Dax starts walking once again, impatient for the guards to leave.
Hayden. Wake up. Dax rouses his friend.
Why didnt you get sick? I ask.
You are nosy, arent you? Dax smiles softly, with a playful twinkle in his eye. A few of us were okay. Mainly those who were originally from another Sanction I guess from the immunizations we received as children.
So the ones that left to get the medicine were only the ones who werent sick?
He just pulls in his bottom lip and nervously nods.
We both fall silent; there's simply nothing I can say. We are sitting here waiting, with nothing we can do knowing that an army will soon be here.
Hayden walks toward us, stretching his arms out wide as if he had a good night's sleep.
Can you get in touch with them? I ask.
Dax nods with his eyes closed.
Is the radio with the others?
Again, Dax just nods.

*****

As the guards ride off to Purenet, I want them to come back I dont want to have to leave to see if the radios survived the blaze.
Are you sure you want to come with us? Dax asks, as he prepares to leave. The guards are a faint blur, and they will be back inside Purenet in a minute.
Yes. And no.
Which is it? Dax asks bluntly.
She said yes, Hayden adds, shaking his head toward Dax like he is stupid.
Yes, I said. I jump onto the back of the bike. Im not staying here, just in case they come back.
Fine.
Dax swipes his finger over the panel, and the bike takes off, flying over to the other rock formation, a lot faster than before almost like hes trying to throw me off. I grip my fingers into him tightly, not caring if it hurts. Im not falling off this bike!
Before I even have the chance to prepare myself for the sight Im about to see, we are at the rocks. Dax slows the bike down to a crawl.
A sweet, acrid smell floats up my nose. It's so strong, I can almost taste it. My stomach beings churning, making me gag. My tongue folds up against the roof of my mouth as it tries to block out the taste. Swiftly I place my hand over my nose and mouth this smell is burning flesh.
Dax turns off the bike and we come to a halt in front of the bonfire made of bodies. Im unable to peel my eyes away from the horrific sight how could humans do this to one another?
Dax bends over and vomits uncontrollably, and Hayden just stands there, totally stunned.
I jump off the bike.
Find their bags
I try to look past their burning corpses, but the cracking of their flesh keeps drawing me in.
I look around, but the bags are not here, and the guards didnt take themthere must be some caves.
Focus on the bags I tell myself as I step around the fire.
Placing my hand on the rugged wall, I follow the rock for a few moments to where it stops.
Perfect they hid them in a slim dark cave, which you would only find if you were looking.
I squeeze my body between the jagged edges of the rocks and the bikes, and sweep the bags up from the pitch black cave.
Ive found stuff! I yell out proudly, as I hold up the remaining personal belongs of Dax's friends. My heart sinks, as the burnt flesh fills my nostrils once again.
Dax wipes his hand across his face, removing the last traces of vomit from it. 
Lets get out of here. He shakes his head in disgust.
Chapter Twenty


Reznor, can you hear me? Dax repeats, as we stand behind the rocks we slept by last night.
Dax Where are you? a voice crackles through the old black radio.
The guards are on their way get out! Dax begs.
I knew it! Reznor snaps. Get back here with the others.
They already got them. Its just me and Hayden left, Dax admits shamefully.
There is silence.
Reznor, are you there? Hayden yells.
Reznor? Dax is gritting his teeth now.
Silence. And thenIm here everyone is too sick to leave we have to fight
No, you will lose! Dax shouts.
What choice do we have?
I am coming. I have the medicine. Dont shoot I will surrender Do you hear me, don't shoot! They want me.
Silence.
Reznor? Reznor?
He doesnt reply.
Screw this! Dax gets up and shoves the radio into a bag pocket on the side of his bike. Get on, we are leaving!
Hayden jumps onto his bike.
I quickly do as Dax commands I have a feeling hed leave me if I didnt. Even though he doesnt want to be like his brother or father, it's clear their blood still runs through his veins.
As we speed off in the new morning, the sky looks like it has rips in it as the clouds break free, allowing the suns rays to shine through, lighting the path for us.

*****

The sun rises to the middle of the sky, its heat burning down on my already-raw flesh. I know its midday, and we are close.
Thick black smoke bellows up into the beautiful sky.
Dax slams on the breaks, nearly sending me flying. Damn it!
As quickly as he stopped, he starts again, swerving sideways and thrashing my body against his.
Quick, Hayden It's a plane, it's heading our way! I scream, as I see the white object emerge from the black plumes in the sky.
Dax spins his head around. Hold on! He presses a button on the control panel.
The force of the air pressure pulls me back if feels as if we are flying. We speed off toward the red rock formations, our only protection in the open desert.
The plane gets closer. They will see us in matter of moments, if they havent already.
The bike slows, and then comes to a halt. Pass me the bag, Dax orders, as I leap off the seat.
Dax takes it from me and retrieves two blankets, throwing one over to Hayden.
Get up against the bike. Sit down, make yourself small.
I do as Hayden says.
Hayden shakes the blanket, unfolding its full glory it's painted to look just like the rock.
Hayden crouches down next to me, nudging me as he does. It's not that easy to make yourself small when you are a muscular male. Dax is sitting by his bike, wrapped up in the blanket.
With a fling of his arms, the blanket is over us and the bike.
There are tiny gaps through the coarsely woven materials, giving us mini peep holes to look out of.
The plane roars above us.
It's getting closer, push the blanket under your feet, Dax hisses.
As the roar of the engine increases, so does the wind pressure. It's pulling the blanket outwards, like a dome.
Hold on! Hayden yells over the sound of the plane.
I grit my teeth as I wrap my fingers tightly around the blanket. My knuckles begin to turn white, and sweat drips from my forehead. The heat is unbearable.
Pushing down, I can feel the blanket coming away from under my feet.
The pressure pulls stronger and my hair whips forward, as the pressure from the plane intensifies.
I can feel my grip loosening... Im going to reveal us. Dread fills my stomach as my fingers peel away from the blanket.
A split second before my fingers lose their grip, the wind forces stop pulling. The plane has passed by.
Only now the blanket has a reverse effect and it begins to suffocate us.
Skylier, you can let go now, Hayden says after the sky becomes silent.
Instantly I let go. My arms are burning from holding them up, and were already weak from yesterdays fall. I shake my hands to get the blood flowing again.
Dax rummages around beside me as he looks inside the bag for the radio.
Reznor. Can you hear me?
Nothing but silence follows.
We have to go, Dax orders.
Chapter Twenty-One


The expansive rock formation is a blur as we drive back to the Grounders settlement.
Then the color begins to change and the rocks merge to brown, then to a crisp, fresh green.
Life isnt only growing here it is flourishing. The red, rocky ground has little sections with grass sprouting out of it flowers, with delicate milky-white petals.
The higher we ride, the greener it gets, and my lungs feel tight as the air gets thinner. If we carry on like this we will be able to touch the clouds.
To the unknown kingdom the freedom of afterlife.
Mud is flying up as Dax and Hayden try to ride through the almost-impossible ground, which has now turned to a thick sludge.
We have to go on foot from here, Dax states, as he pulls the bike to a halt.
Hayden nods, then shrugs his shoulders in disappointment and smiles over at me. I can feel heat instantly washing over my body. I know my cheeks are turning pink. It's like Ive never seen a boy before. Well, Hayden is more like a man, and a good-looking one at that! There is no way he is an original Grounder he must be a banished Purenet. I wonder what he didmustve been bad to be subjected to all this.
Quickly I look over at Dax, so Hayden cannot see my glowing cheeks. Unfortunately Dax does, and he gives me a disapproving scowl, just like my father would.
Damn, can a girl not get a break?
What about the bikes? I quickly ask, before I get some smart comment from Dax.
Dax rolls his eyes, knowing full well Im just trying to change the subject.
He smiles smugly as he continues to push his bike. Turn after turn the path gets tighter and darker as the sunlight is being blocked by the overhanging rocks. The bikes can only just barely fit through at some places.
Dax steps to the side, and the blazing sunlight crashes into my eyes, blinding me. I swiftly jump back and move my hand up to block the light. My ankle twists on the jagged, uneven ground, as my body moves in another direction.
Hayden's arms wrap around my waist, stopping me from landing backwards on the ground.
His hands dont move they just stay firm around my waist, longer than necessary. Sorry, I add softly, as I look up at him.
He smiles down at me warmly. Not every day a beautiful girl falls in your arms, is it? This time, both of our cheeks glow. Ha He lets out a nervous laugh. Maybe hes not as confident as he likes to think. I like him even more now.
A sweet fragrance reaches my nose. As I look up to where the scent is coming from, it hits methe most beautiful sight I have ever seen.
The bright array of flowers scattered between the lush green grasses are swaying in the afternoon breeze along a winding stream.
This is the Grounders home, hidden between the canyons their very own oasis surrounded by the forest. This is the place I dream about at night it's like the drawings we are shown at school from before the wars. This is a place that time forgot.
Im excited and nervous all at once. What the? I yell out, as something hits me on the top of the head. Looking up, I see a handful of silhouettes on top of the canyon Grounders with guns. In the excitement, Id forgotten why we are here.
Looking through the canyon once again, past the beauty of the oasis, the true horror takes its form. Bodies are lying motionless on the ground, and crimson red flows through the stream, down the canyons, and though their settlement.
We are too late...
Chapter Twenty-Two


We had no choice but to run. We were outnumbered they took Reznor, one of the Grounders yells down to us, as they make their way through the canyons. Rocks and dust fall with every step they take.
Have they gone? Dax yells frantically.
Yeah, they took hostages, another shouts down. As they get closer it's clear to see that they are part of the original Grounders they were born here. They are bigger than Dax and even Hayden, their tattooed and tanned arm muscles trying to break free from their clothing. Dax and Hayden have similar tattoos it looks like an old style of handwriting. Everything about them is bigger, from their jaw bones to their hands, making their guns look tiny.
Did they take Ayah? Dax asks nervously.
We dont know, one replies, as he jumps down the last section of the canyon. Daxs bike slams to the ground as he drops it, and he takes off sprinting toward the settlement.
The Grounders take off running behind him.
Come on, we have to help them. Hayden grabs hold of my hand and takes off running, pulling me with him in one swift movement.
An electric buzz flies up my arm at his touch.
Ayah Ayah! Daxs voice echoes in the valley as he screams for his loved one.
As we get closer, the sounds of painful groans ring out, making me stop in my tracks. Hayden doesnt stop, and painfully pulls on my arm.
Ahh! I yell out.
He quickly lets go of my hand and looks over his shoulder at me. Sorry, whyd you stop?
I dont want to get sick I need to get back to my mother. I feel selfish admitting this.
You cannot get sick. Like Dax said, it's from the food. So youre good. Hayden shrugs his shoulders, a soft smile on his face.
Why didnt you?
He just stares at me blankly, as if he hasnt questioned why he hadn't gotten sick before. Guess it's because Im so strong. He shrugs. Youll be fine. I wouldnt have let you come here if I didnt think it was safe for you.
All right. Come on then, lets go help, I add as I take off running.
Each step I take reminds me of playing in fields as a child, running free. Yet this is the first time Ive run on grass.
The natural, earthy fragrance wanders up my nose, and I get lost in the moment as I take in a deep breath, allowing it to fill my lungs. Oh no, the fresh smell has been replaced with a nasty odor like something is rotting. I cover my mouth. This is the smell of death.
Help cough help cough, a tiny voice rings out.
The stream in front of me is poisoned with red blood as a woman's lifeless body lies face down. She is still holding the knife she mustve been using to defend herself.
Other bodies lie on the ground, not moving, not groaning for help Where are the cries coming from?
I stand for a moment with my eyes closed, as I clear my mind.
There it is
It's coming from one of the structures, a type of hut made from the branchestheir homes. All scattered around the valley in little groups.
I start running toward it and the groans instantly get louder. Hayden follows me.
Taking hold of the rope on what looks like a door, I pull it open to reveal people laid out on beds groaning in pain. Survivors of the attack, it appears.
The medicine, we need the medicine, I scream out. Hayden takes off running back to the bikes where the bags are.
Chapter Twenty-Three


Dax, over here! We need you! Hayden yells out frantically as he runs back with the bags.
Dax and Hayden both arrive at the hut at the same time. Some of the other Grounders follow Dax, clearly looking confused and hoping for one of them to tell them what to do next.
Did you find Ayah? Hayden asks as his passes Dax the bags.
Dax begins to speak, then just shakes his head.
Dax, it looks like they left some of the sick people. I open the hut door for him to see inside.
He quickly glances in, and then begins to rummage through the pack, pulling out the medicine.
We need water.
We cannot use the stream. It's got bodies in it, I tell him.
You go to the waterfall. Only collect fresh water. Dax waves his arms to a group of Grounders. They do as he orders, grabbing buckets as they run off.
We need to give everyone one tablet with water, Dax informs us. We all nod in agreement.
Dax Dax a voice mumbles out. We all look at each other, and the remaining Grounders just shrug their shoulders in confusion.
Oh, the bag! I quickly take it off him, and pull out the radio.
Dax Dax Come out, wherever you are
It's Xander. I instantly drop the radio on the ground, and Dax scrambles to pick it up.
I know you are there. Is your precious friend Skylier with you?
My heart sinks as he says my name he knows who I am.
Are you entranced by her beautiful face? Or the special bond you have? Come on, you can share your feelings with me. What is family for, after all?
Daxs fingers grip around the radio so tightly it looks like it will break in his hands. My stomach twists in knots.
Does Ayah know you have already replaced her? Xander asks. I can sense he's smiling as his says it.
You leave Ayah alone! Dax snaps.
There you are. You were never very good at hide and seekalways too quick to react. Xander laughs smugly. Are your Grounder friends with you? If you are, listen closely you will be interested in this.
The Grounders instantly move closer to the radio, making me feel uncomfortable. Instead of moving closer, I take a step backwards, and Hayden does the same.
I will trade you your precious leader Reznor, and his sister Ayah, for my brother Dax and his pretty little friend Skylier. I want them alive.
The radio in Daxs hand begins to move as his hand starts to tremble.
This is an order from the Chancellor's son. Disobey and you will all die
RUN Run to the bikes! Daxs voice rings through my mind.
I look up at his eyes; they are wide and full of fear. The Grounders stand behind Reznor, not Dax. They will trade us.
Without thinking, I drop the medicine container to the ground, and the pills slip out. Please, can you help me? I ask in my girlish voice.
As the Grounders lower their heads and shoulders to pick them up, I take off running as fast as my legs can take me. Hayden and Dax do the same.
Our bodies react quicker than theirs, but we know they are faster and stronger than we are. I can hear their feet pounding on the ground.
Get to the bikes! Dax yells as he sprints past me.
Please dont leave me.
Never.
I can feel the Grounders all around me they will get me within a second.
In front of me all I can see are the barrels of a gun.
Duck Rings through my mind. Instantly I do as Dax orders, squatting my body to the ground. I look up as a bullet flies out of his gun. Bang bang
Arh! one of the Grounders yells out in pain. No time to look back; I just keep on moving, and hide behind Hayden as he stands in front of his bike.
The Grounders have stopped running, and their angry, overgrown faces are glaring at us.
Skylier, get on Haydens bike! Dax orders.
Gently I nudge Hayden in his back. He slowly looks over at me, trying not to make any sudden movements. With my eyes, I indicate I need to get onto the bike.
You know he's lying, he will kill us all! Dax yells out loudly, taking us all by surprise. I know it's a decoy, and so does Hayden - we are both on the bike before the Grounders can reply.
Hes your brother? You are the Chancellor's son? The Grounder rubs his hairy chin as he asks. Oh damn they didnt know. In the background, I can see the other Grounders coming back from the waterfall.
The others are on the way back, we don't have long, I message Dax.
Yes, and? Dax says confidently, as he steps onto his bike and swipes his finger over the monitor.
The Grounders take a step closer with the sound of the humming engine. Dax instantly holds the gun up toward them.
I have saved each one of your lives, Dax says as he points the gun toward each of them.
They have Reznor! one of them growls, letting his rotten teeth show.
And Ayah! Dax snaps. I will get them back!
Go now!
I squeeze Hayden tightly. Go, I whisper almost silently in his ear. The bike engine roars to life before Ive finished whispering. The wind slams against my face as if Ive been slapped.
Get them! growls one of the Grounders.
Hayden swipes the panel on his bike to go as fast as Dax did on the way here, but now we are fighting the muddy ground and it's pulling us down each time we try to go fast.
Dax, weve got to shoot at them! Hayden yells over at Dax with sadness in his voice. Yesterday they were family. Today, we are being hunted by them.
Hes right they are gaining on us quickly.
Hold on to the handlebars, Hayden orders. He turns with one hand on the bike, the other holding a gun.
I release my arms from Haydens waist and grab the handlebars. With my body pressed against his, I can feel each of his muscles through his top.
Bang Bang The sound of the gun rips through my ears, and my flesh. I can feel burning pain in my shoulder They shot me! What part of alive did they not understand!?
Like a lightning bolt, the pain rushes down to my fingers, and the bike weaves to the side as I lose control.
Hayden's body sways sideways, almost taking me and the bike with him.
Hold it in place, Hayden orders, as he gets back into position.
Ive been shot, you jerk!
He quickly turns and sees the blood seeping from my arm.
Well get you out of here.
Hayden continues to shoot, and Dax joins in, round after round firing down at their friends.
Then silence surrounds us.
Chapter Twenty-Four


Once we are out of the canyon and the valley, Dax and Hayden slow down their bikes.
Skylier, they hit you. Are you okay? Dax rolls up next to us.
I dont know how to answer; my body has started to feel numb, and my grey dress is stained with blood.
I just nod my head, but I can feel it's more like a wobble. I am getting weak.
Whats the plan, Dax? Hayden asks.
We ride to the Cueva. We need supplies, and I have friends who will help us, I mumble, not sure if Im making sense.
Dax squeezes his lips together. I dont think it will be safe.
We will all die out here without any water, and Im bleeding to death. Anyone got any other plans? I ask.
She's right, Hayden says.
Can you really trust them? Dax asks.
Yes.

******

We dont have long they will all be up soon. And I dont think I will last much longer Over here I point to the mound surrounding the Cueva, and we run toward it. We had to hide the bikes and walk the rest of the way, otherwise the Cueva guards would see us. Every part of my body aches in pain. I wish I could just curl up in my bunk and pretend none of this ever happened.
Up soon? Hayden asks.
We sleep through the day and are up at night, unless we have to go out to catch the morning rays for our UVA cancer treatment rubbish! All this time I couldve been enjoying the sunlight instead of hiding away. It makes me so bloody angry! Hiding all my life when I didn't need to. A little spit flies out of my mouth in my anger, as the last bit of energy is drained from me. The boys look at me, surprised.
Skylier, Im liking this side of you. Not sure you are pure and innocent anymore. Hayden laughs with a smug grin on his face.
You guys have corrupted me. I smile playfully and deliriously.
Quit it, you two! Dax snaps. Whats the plan?
Here, pull on this. I point to the door.
Years ago, when we were outside, I stumbled well, fell into a concealed door. It must have been here from when the caves were first created, with it being made from woodnot like the metal doors we have inside. All these years it was hidden by rocks and dirt.
Once I got the door open, I found a small corridor with a door to the other side. I figured out the location of the door; it comes out by the bathing holes. It's locked from the inside, and has rocks concealing it.
The door opens ahh, darkness. I never thought I would miss you.
Callie Are you awake? It's Skylier I message her.
No thoughts come back. Shes either still asleep, or I need to get closer.
Close the door, I tell Hayden.
Jeez, I cannot see anything its pitch black, Hayden says.
It's not too far, I say. Use the walls to guide you. My eyes instantly adjust to the darkness, and Im grateful for that ability.
I walk off ahead, messaging Callie as I go. I can hear the boys stumbling behind me, but now is not the time for me to be their guide.
Callie, I need you, I plead.
Skylier, is that you? Callies soft voice dances in my mind.
Yes! Oh, I have missed you Please go get Lowell and run to the bathing holes try not to let anyone see you. My mind runs away from me, as I try to tell her everything.
Skylier, where are you? Where have you been? Everyone has been looking for you. There are guards everywhere.
Do you think you can get safely to Lowell? I have medicine for mother.
Yes! Callie's little mind snaps at me. I love her spirit.
Okay. Pretend that you are going out with the others for the treatment. Then slip away in the grounds and head over to Lowell. If it's not safe, don't do it.
I got it, we are leaving now.Hand scan Out of the room.
Oh, good...
The guards are not outside Mothers quarters. Maybe they are sleeping.
Why were they there? Whats happening? Callie Callie
Chapter Twenty-Five


What did she say? Dax asks.
What? Who? Hayden asks, confused. Oh, mind games. I can hear the smile on his face.
She blocked me! I say. Did she block me or did something happen to her?
Callie, answer me now! This is not the time for games.
Skylier, calm down it's hard to think when you are screaming questions at me. I need to think. Ive got Lowell we are at the bathing hole. Where are you?
Raising my hand to the wooden door, I softly knock. I want only them to hear, not the whole Cueva.
Dax and Hayden are silent, and even with the sound of the rushing waterfalls into the bathing holes, I can hear their footsteps.
They are coming, I inform the boys.
Where are you? Callie asks one more time.
Follow the sound you are close. There is a door behind some fallen rocks, I tell her. Listen I bang on the door once again.
Lowell, over here, Callies tiny voice rings out.
I can hear Lowell rushing toward the door, then the door begins to vibrate.
Stand back, hes going to kick it in, Callie says.
Quick, move back, I warn the others.
The door flies off its hinges, landing with a thud inside our tunnel, revealing Lowell standing proudly with my sister, Callie.
They both rush toward me as I climb over the door. Callie instantly wraps her arms around me, almost knocking me off my feet.
Lowell no longer looks proud his eyebrows push together in concern. Skylier, youre injured. Did they do this to you?! Lowell places his arm around my waist, like hes trying to protect me.
No No, they didnt do it, I quickly respond, trying to break the tension in the air.
Skylier, they have been looking for you. Why did you have to go with them? A tremble runs through Lowells voice.
It was the only thing I could do to save my mothers life, I say proudly, holding up the medicine.
But, Skylier, Rian got through he couldve gotten the medicine. You didn't need to do this.
You know he wouldnt get through to the actual Games. Anyway, it's too late now We need to get to my mother. I disentangle myself from his grip.
Come on, this way, I say to Dax and Hayden. They follow me immediately. Lowell and Callie just stand there with blank looks on their faces. Thank you for your help, Callie. Catch up with the group for your treatments enjoy the sunshine. Lowell, thank you. You can go back to bed.
Yeah, we can take it from here, Hayden adds.
What? Lowell says. Im not leaving you with them. He pushes past Dax and Hayden to be at my side.
Enjoy the sunshine? Are you crazy? Callie asks, confused.
Theyre fine, I reassure Lowell. Yeah, they lied. Its not the sunshine anymore, it's the food.
Lowell quickly reaches over to grab my shoulder to pull me back. Dax swiftly grabs his hand before he touches me.
Be careful, she's been shot shes telling the truth, Dax adds as Lowell pushes his hand away.
I'm coming as well, Callie chirps up. I dont want her to come, but I know there is no way of talking her out of it.
The wet path around the bathing hole is narrow, with just enough room for one person. Normally we wouldn't walk around this side, which I guess is why no one else ever found the door.
A scuffling sound echoes around the cave. I turn to see where it's coming from and see Hayden and Lowell pushing each other. Dax is just rolling his eyes. Apparently they both want to walk next to me; just the thought makes me laugh. I like them both for different reasons, but now is not the time.
Chapter Twenty-Six


Peering out from the bathing quarters, I can see that the paths and bridges are clear of guards. Looking down over the edge at the eating hub, I notice a few guards wandering aroundand guards at the stations, as always.
Okay, the path is clear. Follow me. Moving as closely as I can to the edge of the cave, I silently begin running something that is hard to do with five sets of feet. Lowell and Callie know how to be quiet, but Hayden and Dax sound like the shuttle pulling into the station. I look over at them and shoot them a glare. Hayden just shrugs his shoulders.
What? he mouths. I shake my head in response.
I go to wave my arm in front of the monitor, and Callies tiny hand comes flying up, pushing it down. How could I have been so stupid? That wouldve woken up the whole Cueva.
Callie looks up at me as if Ive lost my mind, then smiles as she waves her hand in front of the panel.
The red light flashes and the door opens. Quickly we all pile into Mothers tiny, dark quarters.
What's happening? Mothers voice croaks.
Callie rushes over to swipe the light panel before Mother can set it on dim. All of our bodies block the light from escaping to the outside.
Callie, who are all these people? Her voice sounds so weak.
Skylier came home.
I stand out from the crowd to see my mothers frail body covered with a thin bed sheet.
Skylier she mumbles slowly, as she tries to sit up in her bed. I rush forward to help, placing my hand under her back. Shes like a baby now, unable to do anything for herself.
Skylier, what have you done? The guards have been looking for you I heard them saying the Chancellors son wants you. Worry sweeps over her face. Her once-soft skin now wrinkles up like used tissues.
Ive got medicine for you, I say bluntly, as I try to change the subject.
How?
Well, thats why Xander wants me. She doesn't need to know the real reason.
Dax, do you know how to use this? I ask, as I pull out the stuff he told me to grab.
He nods and takes it from me.
Mother looks at Dax, and then looks at me and smiles. I knew you would find each other, she says happily.
Dax and I stare at each other. Who is he? I question her.
Hes your brother, mother says. Actually, hes your twin brother. A twinkle appears in her eye, like it used to before she was sick.
Our eyes bulge out in surprise at the same time. Twins!
It's very nice to meet you, Mother says warmly to Dax.
Mmm nice to meet you too, Dax says.
An awkward silence fills the room.
Wait, so if you two are twins, do I have a twin? Is he my brother? Callie blurts out. Mother just smiles warmly at her youngest child.
Dax, would you mind giving me the treatment? Im guessing we dont have long before everyone wakes up, and I will tell you all a story, Mother says, as though shes been wanting to tell this story for a long time. Oh. Boys, would you mind watching the door for me? I don't want any surprises when I get to the good bit, she adds to Lowell and Hayden. They both nod in response, then give each other the evil eye.
Mother and I catch them doing it, and she smiles warmly at me. I just shrug my shoulders and can feel the heat rising in my body. Im not used to two people liking me.
Callie takes a seat at the end of Mothers bed. I carefully sit next to her, and Dax kneels down.
Dax, you have grown to be a handsome man, with kindness in your eyes, Mother says. Dax looks toward the medical monitor. I never thought we would meet. I always hoped Skylier would find you, as you have a special bond.
Dax nods.
Yeah, we can read each others minds, he says in a matter-of-fact way.
Mothers expression changes to one of confusion. What? You can read each others minds? But how?
Because we are twins, right? I add.
Mothers eyes begin to well up. But I was just the Host, not your biological mother. Do you have other siblings? Can you also read their minds?
Dax shakes his head. I dont think my mother could have children too much evil runs through her veins. He is emotionless, like hes already come to terms with the fact that his mother could not be his. I have two older brothers, and yes, I can read their minds. They can also read mine, except when I block them.
Please, can you lower the bed sheet, and lift your nightgown I need to apply the medicine to the skin on your stomach, he adds quietly.
Mother doesnt respond, and Dax lifts his head toward her. Im sorry, son. I didnt know; if I had known, I would have come looking for you.
Dax pushes his lips forward as he holds his emotions in. My father is the Chancellor, and I know he is my father, unfortunately, because I can read his mind. He would have sent his army to hunt you down and kill you."
He holds out the needle. Let me inject this into your arm.
Mother nods and falls silent for a moment. He tried to kill me and Skylier once beforewell, he left us for dead.
Chapter Twenty-Seven


Skylier, you are an Untouchable, a pureblood Mother blurts out.
Mmm, a what?
Your grandfather was a pureblood he was among the original founding fathers. His area was science, and he worked in the labs. There was an explosion one day, and his life was taken from us. The Empire blamed him, and his family was banished to Cueva. Mother stops for a moment. Callie, can you pass me a cup of water?
Callie leaps up and pours Mother a cup from the metal jug.
Thank you, my dear you look older each time I see you.
Callie smiles. It's funny that, when we are young, all we want to do is get older; and when we are old, all we want is to be young again.
Where was I? Mother asks.
Empire had banished your bloodline, Dax adds, as he watches the numbers go up and down on the monitor.
What number do you need? I ask him.
Not sure, but it beeps when it's ready I'm just waiting on the white blood cells to get into her bloodstream. Then I can inject her with the treatment. But Im not sure how long the treatment will last.
What? I yell out.
Dax looks at me, then places his hand on his head. Stop reading my bloody mind!
Skylier, be easy on your brother, hes trying to help I would take five extra minutes with you if thats all I have.
Carry on with the story, Mother, Callie blurts out impatiently.
Okay... child, your ancestor was a strong figure in the community. Always trying to be fair with those not living in Purenet, in the outside communities. And we think he had found something out, which is why they killed him and blamed him for the others' deaths. Mother stops to take a sip of water.
You see, a pureblood is an untouchable they are very special, and they can only be punished by death if they kill someone. Then the family is punished with banishment. There are many rules in place to protect the untouchables. Mother catches her breath for a moment, and her tiny ribs go up and down.
How did your father get away with throwing you out arent you an untouchable? I ask Dax, as I give my mother a moment.
He told people that I was out serving my time in the army and he informed me that he would say I died protecting our great sanctions and all that rubbish, Dax said soberly.
I glance over at Hayden and Lowell, and they are silently listening to the story.
I wonder why Hayden was banished.
Is he your boyfriend? Callies playful voice rings through my mind. I softly push her so she lands sideways on the bed.
Beep Beep rings out from the monitor. Okay, time for the next injections. We are nearly done, only one more after this one. Dax quickly takes the needle and sticks it in Mothers arm, making my stomach twinge at the sight.
Over the years, the story of our ancestors was watered down or changed, but I always remember knowing him as a good man who was wrongfully punished. It became clear that the Chancellors were instructed to keep our family living in Cueva, and that we would never return to Purenet. Mother takes a deep breath in, as though the injection has started to flow through her blood. She looks calm.
None of the Hosts were ever allowed to stay in Purenet, which was fine we never wanted to. We wanted the money so we could move to one of the other Sanctions. The males never stood a chance at freedom; they always got through selections for the Games, as though it was the Chancellor's very own personal game. Then, when ceremony day came, they were never selected, and had to return to Cueva as failures.
I shoot a quick look over to Lowell. He just shrugs his shoulders and rolls his eyes.
But for me it was different, Mother says softly, immediately bringing me back to the story. I birthed two children, two boys
Dax nods. My older brothers. His eyes stay fixed on the numbers on the monitor, even though he doesn't know what they mean.
Yes, your brothers, my sons The first payment was for my cost of living in the compound. The second payment for the second child, I gave to my brother he had longed to get out of the Cueva and move to Cadar, the Sanction past the mountains where you are so high up you can touch the sky. Mother smiles fondly at the thought of her brother. She had spoken about him many times when we were younger, and how he was a great man. He had what he needed for a new barcode from the black market and for traveling costs.
She hadnt told us that part before. Mother was always one for following the rules.
Then I found out I was having twins for my final Host. This was when things began to change. They informed me that the parents didnt want a female, only the boy.
A weird sadness washes over me everyone wants to be wanted.
That would be because my mother is so vain, the thought of any other female stealing her beauty from her would just not be acceptable, Dax explains.
She was right not to take you, Hayden blurts out, taking us all by surprise. You would have stolen her beauty. Everyone would have been looking at you and not her. He playfully smiles, and I smile back.
Well said, Mother says, breaking the awkwardness Hayden is feeling.
When you were born, Dax, they swept you away from me, as they had with the others. Then they placed Skylier in my arms even then you were beautiful, Mother says lovingly.
Yeah yeah, we get it. Skyliers beautiful, get on with the story, Callie adds as she folds her arms importantly.
All my children are beautiful.
Callie smiles; clearly thats what she really wanted to hear.
The doctors told me my Host duties were over, and that I had to leave the compound. Normally the Host goes back to the compound for one week to recover, then moves into Purenet. But not me. I was laid on the hospital bed with you bundled up in my armsI could tell that the doctor was upset. And I quickly found out why.
Beep...beep rings out. Last shot. Dax announces as he injects my mother.
Anyone out there? Dax asks Hayden.
Not yet, but we cannot have much time, Hayden replies.
We just need to monitor for a few more minutes, then she will be good for a bit, Dax adds as he stares back at the screen.
I will keep it short; I want you kids to get out of here safely.
Where will I go? I hadnt thought that far in advance.
Within moments of the doctor telling me, the guards were there to escort me out of Purenet. They literally lifted me off the hospital bed, with you in my arms, and carried me out of the hospital and toward the compound exit. They were not taking me to the hub where I could get a shuttle home. Instead, they took us to the Purenet boundary wall, and threw us out onto the desert waste ground. Tears begin to drip down my mothers face. Dax raises his hand to wipe the tears away.
Mother takes hold of his hand. Please, always protect her.
I will. I give you my word.
Mother, this is too much you dont need to tell us anymore. Selfishly, Im not sure I want to know more.
Oh, Im nearly at the good part. She smiles as the tears slow down. So there I was, with less-than-one-hour-old Skylier, stranded in the desert wasteland. I knew there were coyotes out there, and that most people didnt live long out in the desert. They were eaten, or died from dehydration.
Dax, Hayden, and I all nod in agreement.
Oh, you survived the wasteland? Mother asks.
Yes, and by the sound of it, not for the first time, I announce proudly. Im stronger than I thought I was.
How did you get through it alive? Lowell asks.
With the power a child brings to you. I wouldnt let her dienot out there, and not in my arms. I walked solidly for a day before I got to see the sunrise for the first time without fear. By the second day, my body felt as if all the moisture had been drained from me, my milk had dried up and you were screaming with hunger. Mother takes another sip of water, as if the memory dries her mouth.
My muscles began to give up on me. I could see huge red rock formations in the distance that was my goal, the Grounders community. The closer I got to it, the weaker I becamemy legs were burning in pain, ringing headaches drilled through my head, and I guess thats when I passed out. Mother stops, aware that everyone is waiting to hear what shell say next.
I woke up in the Grounders Community. Oh, they were lovely people so caring. They instantly took us in as one of their own. They lived in an oasis, away from the Chancellor and his rules. But the Chancellor was always present in some form, even flying above the community or sending in spies. Newcomers had to go through many tests to be allowed to stay, and those who didnt pass the tests were thrown out or killed, Mother adds bluntly, with no remorse in her voice.
How did we end up here? I ask.
Chapter Twenty-Eight


Mother smiles at the question. One day we were at the black market, trading clothes I had made. Your father came to take a look at them. I knew he had no intention of getting the clothes Id seen him a few times, and it looked like he had finally built up the courage to speak to me. Mothers eyes drift off for a moment, to happy memories.
People are starting to move around down by the food area, Hayden announces.
Quickly, Mother, I blurt out.
Well, after a few more visits, he asked me to join him in the Cueva. The Grounders had made us feel at home in their community, but the UVA rays scared me, even though they said they were safe. I had to keep you in the hut when the rays were at their brightest which you hated.
Well, get this, Mother it's all a bloody lie. The UVA rays dont hurt us anymore. They havent for years. Isnt that right, Dax?
Dax nods as he stands to his feet, shaking his legs a little to get the feeling back.
Skylier, Im sorry, but we have to go now before the guards get here. Are you staying or coming with us?
I freeze for a moment. I hadnt been thinking about what I was going to do next. I dont want to leave my mother and family, but if I stay, the Chancellor will take me anyway.
Skylier, you have to go go find my brother, Otis, in the Cader Sanction. He will protect you, Mother says, making the decision for me. Callie, kiss your sister goodbye you will meet again.
Callie dives toward me, hugging me with all her strength.
Lowell, you go back to your room, I order him. He looks at me, a little confused.
Im not staying here, not without you, he says, puffing out his chest.
Do we have to bring the kid? Hayden asks as he nods over to Lowell. Hayden is a few years older than Lowell, but Lowell is bigger. Lowell takes a step toward him.
Guys, really, this is not the time. There is probably going to be an army in here soon, which you will be fighting if we dont get the hell out of here, Dax snaps.
Go now, Mother orders, and Callie runs out of the room, wiping her face.
Mother, I love you I will come back for you, I say as I hug her.
She pushes me out of her arms. Dont come back for me. Go live your life they will kill you if you come back.
But
No buts I will go see the healer. We will work on keeping me healthy. Thank you, Dax, for giving me a chance. Now go fight your battle. Keep my daughter your sister safe.
Dax takes my hand and pulls me toward the door.
I can feel tears pouring down my face. Mother, dont eat the meat. Dont eat anything from Purenet it's poisoned with cancer. Keep Callie away from it I love you.
I love you too I love both of you, Mother says proudly.
I want to stay, but I know I cannot. Dax pulls me forward as we leave her room. Will I ever see her again?
Skylier, the guards are moving around down there, Hayden says as he looks over the edge and down to the food quarters. Whats the plan?
We need power for our bikes, and some food supplies, Dax answers for me, and Im glad too many things are running through my mind at the moment, including the question that if the Chancellor is Daxs father, does that mean hes also mine?
We are going to have to split up battery packs are over to the right, and food is to the left, I announce, without even thinking. Hayden, you come with me. Dax, you go with Lowell.
Lowell scowls. Skylier, you are not going with him!
Really, this is no time to argue with me. They don't know where the stuff iswe do. And if you two go off together you will end up killing each other. Once youve got the stuff, meet me back at the bathing hole. With that, I take off running before Lowell can say anything else.
You know it's just because you want to spend more time with me, really, Hayden smiles, but he may be right.
Quit your games. Now is not the time.
Chapter Twenty-Nine


Over there, I tell Hayden, pointing. Ready?
Born ready, he replies. He is fun to have around, and pleasant on the eyes.
We both look around. There are no guards here, and we take off running to the food storage area.
Stuff it in here. I hold out my bag, and he does as I order. It's hard to realize that they are poisoning our food. Everyone I love will die if they stay here Im glad Lowell decided to come with us.
Okay, lets head to the watering hole. I raise my head over the storage counter. Damn! Madam Uri is standing in the middle of the food quarter staring right at me. Of all the people
Run! I gasp, and quickly take off.
Shes here shes over there! Madam Uris voice bounces off the cave walls. Get her! She takes off running toward us, and for a big woman she can move fast. The guards are quickly following her orders.
Shoot her! I yell to Hayden. Hayden? Where has he gone?
Dax, where are you? They are coming for me. Ive lost Hayden!
What? Were coming. Run and hide, we will find you!
My feet feel like they aren't touching the ground, Im running so fast. I have to get away!
Get the little bitch shes my ticket out of here! Madam Uri yells, breathless. Her voice begins to fadeclearly she cannot keep up with me. But the guards will.
Quickly looking over my shoulder, I see several of them running at me with guns.
Oh no! My body slams into someone, knocking them to the ground. Damn, its Madam Enid. Sorry!
Keep on running get out of here! she yells as she gets back to her feet.
A loud crack echoes through the cave. I turn back once more to see Madam Uri swinging her arm through the air as if shes just slapped Madam Enid in her face. Madam Enids body is on the ground. She's been dying to do that, and I gave her the reason to do it.
Skylier, hide more are coming Before Daxs words can leave my mind, the guards appear in front of me. Theyve come down from the main entrance to the Cueva, and have blocked off my exit through the watering hole.
Dax, Im trapped, where are you?
Skylier, we are outnumbered. We hid when the guards ran past. Is there another exit?
No.
Quickly changing directions, I have nowhere to run now. They are going to catch me soon.
I have no choice Dax, Im going to our leader to tell him everything. Maybe he will protect me.
Skylier, what if he doesnt?
The guards will get me either way. Get out of here Find our uncle and come back for me.
Skylier, I cannot lose you I just found you.
I am here, go now.
Skylier, no!
Block.
Chapter Thirty


I want to see President Tyler! I yell out to the guards standing in front of the Presidents quarters as I run toward our leaders door. Why does he have guards here? Surely not to protect him from me.
President Tyler, come out! I shout with my newfound confidence, to the guards surprise.
The metal door opens slowly. Whats all this noise about? President Tyler peers around the door.
President Tyler, I need to speak to you, I mumble out quickly.
Of course, child. His bushy eyebrows rise up in surprise.
Tyler waves his hand to the waiting guards at the end of the corridor, signaling for them to leave. I smirk at them smugly. I knew he would listen to me.
Come in, child. He opens his door wider. Deep wrinkles shoot across his face as he gives me a friendly smile.
He follows me in. Ive never been in his private quarters before. Whenever we met him it was in the food quarters, or at functions with my family. His place is double the size of my dorm twenty girls could fit in here easily.
His walls are covered with photographs from around the world theres a beautiful picture of Cadar Sanction's dome covered in snow. Ive never seen snow, and I doubt I ever will.
Please sit, child. President Tyler points to a chair, and I oblige him. The seat is so comfy, and the cushion wraps around my buttocks as if it's hugging me.
He sits next to me. Now, dear child, what have you been up to?
I lower my head in shame. I dont understand why I feel this way.
Mmm I needed to get medicine for my mother, I say as I rub my head. My body feels like the adrenaline was stolen from me once I entered the room.
Did you give her the medicine?
Why does he care? I stay silent for a moment. Instead of answering, I let my eyes scan around the room. Things seem out of place as though they dont belong here. It all looks too clean, too Purenet. Then I see ita picture of the Chancellor and President Tyler smiling and shaking hands, proudly placed on his shelf. I dont see any other photos of his family. Only the one with the Chancellor.
How is your mother? Im very sorry about your father he was a dear friend of mine.
She has cancer.
Yes, I know.
Do you know how she got it? I ask, still staring at the photo.
He turns his head toward this photo, and looks back at me with a completely new expression. His bottom lip curls upwards, and his forehead wrinkles.
No, I dont know, dear child why don't you tell me? His voice sounds like a creepy young boys.
It's in the bio meat. But you already knew that, didnt you? I state bluntly to him. My hands begin to tremble.
He just smiles back at me. You, child, are just like your father always meddling in other peoples business. It's a shame Xander wants you alive, for some unknown reason. I wish I could kill you like I did your father.
My mouth dries up as he speaks.
So, child who told you about the bio meat?
I can feel my eyes widen in fear as he moves his body closer to mine. Pulling the remainder of saliva from the back of my throat, I force it forwards and phlegm comes flying out of my mouth and onto his face and glasses.
Before I can react, his hand launches across my face, knocking me to the ground. My cheek stings in pain.
His long, awkward body bends over me. Dear child, it looks like you are hurt, he says as he pushes his bony finger into the bullet wound in my arm.
Arh stop!
Oh, sorry does it hurt? President Tyler mocks. How about this? He jabs his finger quickly into my open flesh.
Arh... leave me alone! I scream in agony.
Who are you with? Tell me, and I will stop. He jabs me once more.
Dax, get out of here. They are coming for you! Go now. I have to tell them you were here.
Skylier, wait no.
I cannot. GO!
Arh Arh okay, I will tell you, I cry.
Good child.
A Grounder told me, I reply, as I struggle to sit up.
And his name?
Dax.
Tell me more about Dax. He wiggles his finger in front of me.
Hes the Chancellor's son.
President Tyler stands up straight, like a bolt of lightning hit him.
His son?
I just nod.
Guards... take her to the shuttle. We are leaving now!
Then his arm swings back again, and his knuckles come flying toward my face.
Chapter Thirty-One


The brightness burns through my eyelids as I try to peel them open. My head rings out in pain. My limp body is being carried somewhere. Disoriented, I raise my head to see guards carrying me down toward the gate at a brisk pace.
President Tyler is walking alongside us, his grey hair swept across his forehead.
Arh, you gave us a fright. Thought you were out for good. Xander would not be happy with that. Hes smiling, and sweat rolls down to the top of his lip. His repulsive tongue creeps out and licks the drops away.
You like that? I do wonder what Xander has in mind for you His fingers reach out and grab hold of my chin. Your pure little family finally gets the punishment they should have gotten years ago, he says as he squeezes my cheeks together.
I push my head away from him and toward the shuttle.
Oh no! Mother Callie! Mothers body lies out on the ground, with Callies arms around her.
What have you done to her? Xander wanted me, not them! Anger courses through my body, and I begin to thrash my limbs around. I kick a Guard in the legs, and his body slams into President Tyler. His head knocks against the side of the gate wall, and his glasses fall to the ground.
Knock that little bitch out! President Tyler orders, as he turns to face me, gripping his nose as blood pours out.

******

What the My body springs up too quickly, and my head begins to spin. I go to place my hand on my head, but I cantthey've strapped my arms down. I frantically pull and twist, but Im stuck.
Nice of you to join us, President Tyler says, as he sits down in front of me. We are on the shuttle. There is just a table and the hand restraints stopping me from attacking him. My body slumps down. I will not win this fight. I have to save any energy I have left.
Where are my mother and sister? What have you done to them? I shout.
Mother Callie where are you?
They dont answer.
Skylier, this is no way to speak to the President. You make me sound like an animal. Im merely following Xanders orders. But can I tell you a little secret? He edges toward me.
I lean a little closer to him, half wanting to know what he's going to say next, half wanting to run and hide.
He opens his mouth to speak, revealing dark, yellow-stained teeth. Repulsive breath flows from his mouth. Im enjoying it, he whispers, and then begins laughing. I would like to know what it is that Xander has in mind for you he continues, his head tilted as he looks me up and down.
Maybe a new bazi Oh, how I do love the bazithe most beautiful people from our Sanctions.
The thought repulses me, how people sell themselves as bazisexual toys for the rich in Purenet. The Chancellor hand-selects them, and normally they get to live with him in his quarters and go on visits to other Sanctions. It's a sign of the Chancellor's wealth and power over the Sanctions. A few of my friends went up for selection a couple of weeks ago, when they turned eighteen.
Maybe he would like little Callie to be his new bazi?
I just scowl in disgust and glare at him.
Oh, the thought sickens you? Are you better than they?
I want to spit in his face once again, but I cannot handle any more hits across my head. Between the motion of the shuttle and the vile face, its all I can do to not get sick.
You know they cannot, shes too young! And she's not volunteering. Those are the rules you have to be over eighteen, and you must volunteer. And no one in my family would volunteer for that.
Mother Callie where are you?
Your mother and sister cannot hear you I wouldn't waste your time. He smiles smugly.
What have you done to them?
Tell me more about Dax. Wheres he been? Tell me, and I will let you see your precious family.
I look to the side and out the window at the blurry white walls. Occasionally there is an odd turquoise light, as if it's guiding us to our final destination.
What harm will it do if I tell him about Dax? Dax and Lowell will be out of the Cueva and away from danger. If I tell him, then I will be with my family.
The white blurry image of the shuttle walls is replaced with darkness. The glass window has been blacked out, and it looks as though theyve painted over it blocking the view of hope and natural beauty. Hiding it all from the people in the Cueva.
We are having a bit of work done on the tunnel dont want you Cueva people thinking there is anywhere else to go, do we? He rubs a finger across the bottom of his lip.
What do you mean, you Cueva people? I thought you were one of us You are our leader after all! Does that mean anything to you? I can feel the anger burning through my veins, as he just sits there smiling at me.
You really are your fathers daughter so passionate, so stupid.
He waves his hand in the air, and a staff member comes running over with a silver tray filled with food.
They do make the most delicious food in Purenet, he adds as he cuts into his bio-meat. Then he puts it into his mouth and starts to chew.
I hope you poisoned your own meat as well!
He spits it out, and it flies across the table and over to me. I want my hand to get it off my dress.
Guards, get her out of here!

*****

Time to face my fate. With a guard on either side of me, we exit the shuttle.
Up ahead, I can see my mother and Callie walking with guards at their sides, same as me. They had them at the shuttle farthest away from me so we couldnt message each other.
Whos that with them? I hone in toward the other silhouettes its Madam Enid. She is also surrounded by guards and her hands are tied behind her back. Madam Uri stands proudly next to them she almost looks happy. She finally got her ticket back into Purenet.
Mother Callie are you okay? Im so sorry.
Mothers head turns back to face me.
My dear child, it is not your fault.
Oh, Mother, Im so sorry I just wanted you to get better.
And you did. Somehow she can still stay calm.
What do we do now?
Do as they say try not to upset them anymore. What does Xander want from you?
He wants me to be his Host.
Mother stops in her tracks.
You cannot be his Host you are his sister!
The guards push her to walk faster.
What shall I do...? I think quickly as Mother begins to disappear into the hub.
Mother! I yell out. I pull the guards forward as I try to run, but it's pointless their rigid bodies are firmly locked to the ground.
Ha...ha. Did you really think we would make it that easy for you? President Tyler mocks. Did your mother have any words of wisdom? Or just tell you that you have brought shame to your family?
I lower my head. My fight is disappearing, just like my mother.
Ahh, shame it is Guards, lets take her to Xander.
Chapter Thirty-Two


Through one white corridor after another, we walk around the edges of the hub, away from any prying eyes. I felt the anger and hatred from the second we arrived. Theyve already condemned me whatever happened to "innocent until proven guilty"? I guess in my case that simply doesnt apply.
The pain in my arm is the only thing that reminds me that Im still alive.
Finally we stop at the end of a corridor, and a guard reaches over to open a door.
Waiting at the other side are cars. Ive never been in one before. They are like mini-shuttles with wheels, and I climb in as instructed.
Guests of Xander, President Tyler announces.
Scan, a female computer voice says from the car panel. President Tyler waves the back of his hand over it.
Welcome, President Tyler. Xander has been waiting for you, it says.
Perfect, he says, as he sits back in the seat. With that, the car begins to move through the tunnels. The tunnels are not like the glamorous ones around the hub. These are dirty, almost rusty, old metal panels with a damp smell to them. I'll bet he doesn't show these off when it's Sanction Parade Week, when the other five Sanctions make their visits.
The car drives itself like the shuttle, but it doesn't give me the same thrill as riding on the back of Haydens bike.
Why did he leave me?
Are you excited? the President asks, breaking me away from my daydream.
About what?
To see the Chancellor's quarters. This really is a rare treat. He grins.
Yeah, Im over the bloody moon. I really cannot think of anything else that could possibly be more fun.
You'd better watch your tongue, President Tyler snaps, making me jump. I think you need to remember, it's not just about you now they have your family.
I dont want to admit it, but hes right. I will stay silent for the remainder of the journey.

*****

President Tyler. Welcome to Xanders home, a female voice announces. My gut drops before the car can come to a complete halt.
Prefect, lets get this over and done with, then I can go and see my bazi, he says, licking his lips. Just the thought of him and a young girl sends a shudder through my body.
He stares at me for a moment. Maybe if you are lucky, when Xander is done with you, you can be one of my bazi.
Thats it, get me out of here. I would rather see what Xander has in store for me than spend any more time with you! I retort. I climb out of the car, taking the guard with me.
He just laughs. Ha ha. Go ahead, little girl... go see what Xander has in store for you.
Chancellor, President Tyler says into the car control panel.
The Chancellor has been waiting for you, President Tyler, says the computer panel, as the car begins to move.
Tell Xander you are my gift, he yells out from the car, leaving me with the guards.
Get down Daxs voice rings through my mind. I instantly drop to the ground.
Suddenly bullets fly above me from every angle. I place my hands over my ears to block out the loud whizzing sound.
Then silence follows.
Skylier, get up. Thats Hayden voice. I look up and only three guards remain; the other bloody bodies are laid out around me.
Hayden, is that you?
The guard lifts his mask up to reveal his handsome face.
How could you? I cry, as I swing my hand across his cheek with one loud crack. He stumbles back and his face instantly turns red.
Dax lifts his helmet mask. What did he do?
He left me!
He thought you were right behind him. He lost you give the guy a break, Dax says.
Come on, lets get out of here. Lowell grabs hold of my hand.
Skylier! Callie screams out.
I look up to see my little sister standing in Xanders doorway, with tears rolling down her face. Xander has a gun to her head, as he drags her forward.
Well hello, little brother. You should have said we would be having a family get-together. I know Father would love to see you. Xander stands proudly in front of his giant quarters, with its own private dome. Flowers surround the marble staircase that leads up to his rotten home.
Leave her out of this, it's me you want. I release my hand from Lowells grip, and I step forward to the staircase.
Ahh very good, Skylier. Xander waves his hand to usher me up the stairs.
Skylier, don't go with him, Lowell pleads.
Xander, leave them alone. Dont bring Skylier into your cruel games. She didnt volunteer. Shes my sister she's your sister, Dax says bluntly.
Guards! Xander yells out. Instantly there is a sea of white helmets behind him.
Come peacefully, and this little one will not get hurt, Xander adds as he playfully swings the gun around.
Dax still has his gun up toward Xander. Dax, we are outnumbered.
Hayden lowers his gun. Shes right, mate.
Anger and guilt wash over Daxs face as he lowers his gun. Lowell reluctantly follows.
Very good, finally listening to orders. Xander smiles.
The guards run down the stairs quickly, before the boys can change their minds.
Chapter Thirty-Three


Be careful with that one, shes mine, Xander says to one of the guards, as he takes hold of my arm, squeezing it tightly.
Shes ours, a female voice orders. Its Xanders wife, Shristi. She is standing proudly next to her husband as he rounds us up. What are you going to do with the others?
I will let Father decide about Dax, and the other two well, what do you think? Xander asks her.
Life for a life? she says, giddy.
Xander shrugs. Sure, why not?
May I present it? I have the most beautiful outfit Its crimson red, with gems along the bust
Yeah yeah, Xander cuts her off mid-sentence, but she doesnt notice and walks back into the house.
Theyre going to kill them live, so everyone can see.
I glance over to Lowell. He begins to force the guards off him, once he realizes what they are going to do to him. More guards come running down the stairs, knocking him over.
Xander! Hayden yells out, as he takes off his helmet and throws it to the ground.
Xander stands back for a moment. Yes?
I had a deal with your father, Hayden mumbles under his breath but I hear him.
What? Speak up, let everyone hear you, Xander says joyfully, enjoying every moment of this.
I need to speak with your father, Hayden says, staring directly at Xander. My eyes burn into him.
And why is that? Dax questions, as he pushes his body forward to get through the guards.
Yes, why is that? Xander adds.
Shut up, Xander, for once in your miserable life! Dax yells. Xander just smiles and folds his arms.
Why, Hayden? I ask.
Because the Chancellor offered me my life back in Purenet if I gave him the Grounders, Hayden says proudly.
And how did you do that? If I recall, it was our airships that dropped the poison. We also had to collect their bodies. What part did you do? Xander asks.
I led the healthy people back here, thinking it was for the medicine. In fact, it was to leave it open for your troops, Hayden explains.
How could you?! They treated you like family, Dax shouts, shaking his fist.
They treated you like family! You were the great warrior I was only your sidekick! Hayden fires back.
Now now, ladies. This is fun, but some of us have work to do. Xander laughs. Guards, take them both to my father. I think he will have questions for them. Hayden, thank you for your services to Purenet.
Chapter Thirty-Four


My sweet Host, what have they done to you? Xander asks, almost concerned, as he takes me into his office. Please take a seat, I will get someone to tend to you shortly.
This office is one of the grandest rooms Ive ever seen. There is a huge desk in the middle, and it looks like a wooden hand-carved table. The office has high ceilings, with beautiful chandeliers.
My mother designed this room. Its a little over-the-top for me, Xander says casually. Can I get you some food or water?
Water, I mumble. My throat feels as dry as the desert. Xander smiles as he pours me a glass. I drink it almost too quickly. It's hard to catch my breath.
Better? Xander asks.
I just nod.
So now, what is this Dax was saying about you being his sister? Xander leans
towards me.
I stay silent.
Do you prefer mind games? We can do that instead?
Come out, come out, wherever you are, Skylier
His haunting voice jumps into my mind.
Block.
Now now, Skylier, that is not very nice. Two can play that game, Xander says. Guards, bring the old one in!
Leave her out of this, shes sick, I plead.
Oh, so you do have a voice? The office door opens, and my mother walks in with a guard. I leap out of my chair and hug her.
How lovely, mother and daughter reunited once again. Xander laughs. Now ladies, please take a seat.
Mother walks over and sits down.
Im starting to lose my patience, and your daughter is not being very helpful, he says.
Mother shoots me a concerned look.
Were you Daxs Host? Xander asks her.
Mother nods.
And Dax and Skylier are twins?
Mother just nods again.
Where you my Host?
Mother moves closer to Xander.
What do you think? Mothers voice rings through my mind. Xander jumps back
he hears her as well.
Guards. Take her away!
No, Mother! I yell out as the guard drags her away. Leave her alone! With all
my force I run at Xander. He sees me coming and raises his arm, knocking me to the ground.
You are no son of mine! Mother yells as the guard drags her out of the office.
She is right. I will never be her son. People can never know about her.
So, little sister, are you ready to be a good little girl, keep the bloodline pure? Be our Host?
I shake my head. The thought repulses me.
Guard, bring the Outsider in! Xander yells.
The door flies open once again, and Madam Enid walks in with a guard by her side, shadowing her tiny frame.
She stops for a moment and the guard shoves her in the back, knocking her to the stone floor.
Ahh, perfect. Stay there, Xander orders, as he gets up from his chair and walks toward her.
Madam Enids eyes fill with fear, and she wraps her arms around her body as if shes trying to make herself smaller.
Now then, Outsider, I hear you were helping Skylier escape, Xander says as he pulls his gun from his holster. He starts stroking it with his hand, as if it's his pet.
Skylier, do you understand what you have done to this Outsider? Xander asks.
She didnt help me escape, I ran into her. Leave her out of this! It's between me and you, no one else! I yell.
Oh, a nice bit of fire in you I like it. Maybe you should be my bazi. Xander laughs again. Anyway, the time for games is over. Her life, for our new lives. Xander points the gun directly at Madam Enids head. Her body begins to tremble.
You cannot take her life from her, it's against the law! I cry out.
Skylier, you are a dumb Cueva. I make the rules. This is my Sanction. One two
Madam Enids eyes bulge, and sweat begins to pour down her face.
Surely, you cannot do this...
Play time is over... Xanders voice rings in my mind.
Three.
Pop!
Crimson blood appears at the edge of her mouth, as her lifeless body falls sideways onto the ground. He killed her.
Such a waste. Oh well, on to the next one shall it be the little one, or Mother Dearest? He shows no emotions at all over what he has done.
I cover my face with my hands as I try to control myself.
I think the little one next, Xander adds. Guard!
I will do it I will do it! I blurt out.
Xanders face lights up.
Yes, Xander? ask the guard as he enters the room.
Clean the mess up, he says, pointing to Madam Enid. The guard just nods and does as hes told, no questions asked.
Xander tilts his head sideways as he stares at me, and then he smiles. Okay, lets get you cleaned up and over to the compound, he says with excitement in his voice.
What about my family? I mumble, still in shock.
We will hold them until your Hosting duties are over. We cannot have you backing out, now can we?
My stomach clenches.
And my brother, Rian
Oh yes, the one in the trials for the Games. He can continue we will carry on watching him in there.
I want him to be selected for the Games, I blurt, sitting up proudly. Like Im in any position to negotiate.
Ha. Why not? He is quite good.
What will happen to Lowell? I almost don't want to know the answer.
Who? Oh the other guard with Dax... Sorry, life for life. Cannot disappoint the wife, he adds as he shrugs his shoulders.
Chapter Thirty-Five


Oh, dear. Lets get you cleaned up, a nurse in the compound murmurs to me. I can hear her, but my mind is not registering. I am really here.
Please remove your dress well, whats left of it.
I slowly unbutton my dress, and it drops to the ground, revealing my underwear.
Ouch!
The nurse looks at my body, covered in cuts and bruises. What happened to you? she asks.
My legs buckle beneath me, and I collapse in a heap.
Emotion pours out of me, as I begin to cry uncontrollably. My mind cannot take anymore. I am here in the compound. I am going to be my brothers Host.
There there, child it will be okay, we will take care of you, the nurse says as she kneels down next to me, hugging me like my mother would.
I sent messages out for my mother and Callie, but I received no reply. Will I ever get to see them again?
Let me tend to those wounds, the nurse says softly as she lets go of me.
She carefully wipes my arm, cleaning the blood and grit away from my open wounds. Then she stops, confused. Youve been shot!
I dont even have the energy to agree.
She carries on, cleaning me up. My arm burns in agony each time she touches it, but the pain will never be close to what I felt when I saw Madam Enids body fall to the ground.
Okay, I understand this is hard. But we are on a tight schedule. Xander would like you with the other girls as quickly as possible. He asked us to take good care of you how sweet is that? She smiles. Please remove your underwear. And step into the shower. We need to remove any possible germs.
I do as requested, like a robot following orders.
The cold drops of water hit my naked body. Soap, the nurse says as she passes me a bar. I take it from her and clean myself, washing my old life away from me.
Like a mindless guard, I follow the nurses orders. Wash myself. Dry myself. Dress myself in my new, crisp, white uniform. And then take a seat on the chair in the middle of the room.
A door swings open. On time as always, Frances. I will take it from here, a flamboyant man announces.
Good luck, the nurse says as she leaves the room.
Haircut time. Looks like it's already the perfect color. People would die for this shade, he states, as he begins to comb my hair.
The Chancellor likes his Hosts to all look the same, united in the Purenet family. But you already look like family. Oh, how rude of me what is your name?
Skylier.
Dont worry, Skylier, everyone is nice here so long as you follow the rules, he whispers into my ear.
Three years will go fast It always does.
Author's Note


I hope you found the story interesting.
If you have time to write a review, please know that I will read it and take the feedback seriously.
Every review increases the chances that other readers will discover this novel and influences what I write in the future.
www.goodreads.com
You can sign up for pre-release specials at www.hjlawson.com
Contact me directly at hjlawson1@gmail.com
Twitter @hjlawson1
	Facebook www.facebook.com/hjlawson1	

Other books by HJLawson.

If you would like to find out more about the how the war started, check out War Kids.
Available now.

War Kids Description.

When Jada wakes up in a hospital, the last thing she thinks is that her life has completely changed forever. But when the very real civil war forces her to flee from every open space, she must use the firearm skills her father taught her to reunite with him and protect herself.

Armed with a single gun and a key to an unknown locker, Jada crosses Syria on a journey with a group of children called the Fearless Freedom Fighters.

With the leader, Zak, they mount a plan to rescue their fathers while they try to cope with the merciless murders of their families. As Jada and Zak lead the group together, love blossoms, but with soldiers hot on their tail, they need to stay vigilant in the face of war.

War Kids is a story about the Syrian Civil war through the eyes of a group of teenagers.


