Praise for THE GOTHIC SHIFT


Bruns creates well-imagined, realistic settings for his lively characters a delightful balance of whimsy and the grotesque, with a glimmer of moonstruck romance. 
- Kirkus Reviews

Bruns has the science of tension building down to an art form. I was squirming in my seat to find out what would happen in the end.
- Readers Favorite Reviews

A juicy collection of stories, with great character development and a lot of original ideas.
- Horror After Dark	

Bruns builds each piece with subtle tension rather than in your face horror. But do not misunderstand that statementthe horror is very real. 
- Horror Novel Reviews

The stories in this volume are little nibbles at the edges of your mind that show the Gothic style can resonate with even hardcore horror lovers. Recommended.
- Hellnotes






THE FINGER PEOPLE


Excerpt From

The Gothic Shift



B.D. BRUNS





All war is deception

Sun Tzu





1

FEBRUARY 4, 1862




HE WATCHED THEM from the blufftiny, dark figures on the beach opposite, down below. They crept over the sand and debris like termites on rotten wood. They also moved with a purpose, but Frank couldnt imagine what it was.
Perhaps a dozen in number, they moved outside the walls of Fort Henry, so at first he thought they were other cooks gathering water. Details were hard to see in the gray predawn, and the mist didnt help. They wore coats particularly dark and particularly shaggy. That wasnt too uncommon for the Confederate army, however. Frank pulled off his own beaten straw hat, noted its appearance, and shrugged. In the beginning, hed wanted nothing more than to get a gray coatshaggy or notbut none were available for non-soldiers. Now empty coats were in abundance. 
The view over the Tennessee-Kentucky borderlands was magnificent from the tree-covered bluff. Far below snaked the Tennessee River. The view was bold, but cold and rainy. Franks breath puffed out to further obscure his strained view of the dark figures skulking at the rivers edge. The sun was rising somewhere over there, behind the hills and forests, behind the oppressive clouds. Vapors rose sluggishly from the Tennessee itself, already swollen from the rains.
Were they looking for something, maybe? The slender man pondered deeply, tugging upon his bushy beard. A moment of flurried activity commenced, and then suddenly the little black figures streamed over the ugly beach in unison. Apparently they saw something more to their liking in a log-filled, wooded inlet. 
Franks curiosity was piqued, but he had work to do. 
He returned to his own area of influence, tired of the puzzle. There were so many things he didnt understand. This was just the latest, if particularly odd. He circled behind a partially built wall that sheltered his equipment. He did not enjoy rising before dawn, but was slowly adjusting to his role. Considering the labor and the risk, the boys were fed daily and he could hardly complain. They were heroes. Frank was a cook. But if waking to a cup of coffee gave them a good outlook on the day, well, then he was glad to get up early. 
Now if only he had some coffee!
Frank gazed down at the open pot with its bubbling contents. The fire below was weak and snapped lightly as the bits of ice and snow clinging to the wood protested their consumption. Large brown objects jostled about inside the battered pot. This made Frank smile. 
A noise caught his ear. It came from outside his camp, down below the construction of Fort Heiman. At the bottom of the hillpast all the clumps of snow, ice, dead leaves and fallen logsthey kept the bodies. The noise came from there. Franks smile quickly vanished. The sound did not repeat, and he found himself studying a pile of fallen Confederates.
Those unfortunate men were heroes, too, though not slain in battle. Disease had spread through the ranks like a wildfire, blazing through far too many good men. Sad indeed that they would fall while he, a simple cook, was still here. But this wasnt among the things that baffled Frank. He was positive that a lack of good food was the cause of the withering and wretched deaths, and he was damned sure to change it if he could. He may not be big and brave like the boys, like Jimmy, but he could make a difference. Jimmy said so, anyway.
Perhaps an animal had caused the noise down there. No, Frank reasoned. He saw people. What would someone want with pestilent human bodies before dawn, no less?
A small number of figures crawled about the pile of frozen, stiff bodies like flies on fruit. The dead were partially hidden beneath a tarp as a matter of respect: they had not yet been buried. The tarps edge had been yanked open to reveal the remains, though he could see no details from his vantage. Frank was surprised to note that the men, here on the west side of the river, were also wearing dark, shaggy coats. Their behavior and appearance were much the same as those odd men near Fort Henry.
What work could possibly be necessary down there in the dark? He saw a few glimpses of pale white faces. They must be wearing gloves, then, because their hands were as black as their worn, tattered coats. Perhaps they wanted to move the bodies before the majority of the other men observed them, for morales sake. Spirits certainly were very lowand, like the weather, only threatened to deepen.
Franks eyes wandered back across the river. One little figure in a long gray overcoat walked to the river from the fort. Bearing a large pot, he dropped to the rivers bloated, dirty edge. He was obviously a Confederate soldier, because he wore a gray frock coat. Of the others in ragged black there was no longer any sign. 
Good morning, Francois, a deep voice called. 
Frank turned to see the approach of his best friend, his hero, his guardian, Jimmy Gambauer. He huddled deep within his gray coat, shivering in the chill. Frank had already gotten used to it. 
Not so cold today, Jimmy lied brightly, even as he shivered. He stepped over the unfinished wall and stood beside Frank to regard the majestic view of the vapor-crowned Tennessee River. 
How many bodies you think are down there? Frank asked, gesturing to the gulch.
Jesus, Frank, Jimmy retorted. Good morning to you, too.
Franks narrow shoulders drooped. He felt like an idiot. Why did he always say such stupid things? Feeling the fool, he said, Im sorry, Jimmy. I just dont know what theyre doing down there.
Jimmy, too, regarded the bodies of the fallen. Now less of the dark, tattered figures were visible. Within moments all vanished into the woods, like roaches into cracks. 
Dont know, Jimmy said, scratching the weeks growth of stubble on his chin. He was one of the few men so well groomed. Frank was not alone in awe of Jimmys ability to shave his face dry. Though in the last week theyd been too busy for that even. Army does all sorts of things I dont get.
Hmm, Frank agreed, mimicking Jimmy by tugging on his unkempt beard. 
Cant wait to see what Tilghman says, Jimmy murmured, concern evident upon his frosty breath. Hes gonna tell us today when the Yanks are a comin and what were gonna do about it.
Jimmy scanned the hills to the north. His squinting eyes gave voice to a fear his lips would never dare reveal. With forced brevity, Jimmy turned and slapped his companion on the back. So, Francois! You actually got coffee, like you said? You promised, you know.
I do indeedy! he replied. So excited was Frank to show off his worth, his pot of bubbling something, that he leapt over the half-finished wall. Rather, he tried to. An ill-fitting leather boottaken from a fallen Confederatecaught on the wall. Frank tumbled to the ground, masonry crumbling over him in retribution for ill treatment. 
Jesus, Frank, the much larger and less excitable Jimmy muttered. He lumbered around the bulwark to help his friend back to his feet. In a moment, both were standing over the small pot, staring down. It boiled over with a rich brown liquid. Jimmy initially was most pleased at the sight, but a frown teased his heavy brow. 
Whats that? he asked, confused.
This, Frank replied proudly, is the best morning brew youre gonna get. Come on, now, get it in you.
Jimmy was not convinced. His thick shoulders hunched under the burden of dashed hope. What are those brown things in there?
Now, dont you worry bout that none, Jimmy, Frank continued. Excitedly he grabbed a dented metal filter and poured his big companion a cup of the steaming brew. Jimmy accepted it with a nod, and brought it to his rather large nose for a sniff. He raised an eyebrow, just like he always did when confused.
Reeber said were out of coffee, Jimmy muttered. A second sniff brought a smile, however.
Reeber! Frank retorted, offended. Reeber aint half the cook I am! Why, him an his messmates aint had nothing but boiled water for a week!
Jimmy nodded grudgingly and continued to sip the hot brew, judging. Frank watched intently. Jimmy grimaced slightly at first, but slowly his taciturn features relaxed. 
I have sugar! Frank blurted impatiently. Though a grown man with an unkempt beard, his behavior was most childlike. If its too strong, I mean. 
Before Jimmy could reply, Frank broke off a chunk of red cone sugar and plunked it into the cup. Surprised, Jimmy stalled by watching it crumble and dissolve in the hot brew. A smile touched his lips after another sip had. Judgment had been made, and Franks work had passed muster. Still, Jimmy was ever suspicious. Francois, what is this?
Do you like it? Frank asked, eager to hear the words. 
It aint coffee.
But do you like it? he pressed. 
Jimmy nodded, then gave the fidgeting man what he yearned for. Yeah, I like it. But it aint coffee.
Frank danced a victory jig. With great ceremony, including a flourish of his hands dramatic enough for the boards, he cried, No sir, it sure aint! Its better than coffee!
So Reeber was right, Jimmy repeated. 
Frank stopped his self-congratulations to look up at the large, powerful Jimmy Gambauer. He idolized this man in the Confederate gray frock coat, this man with a large, wandering nose and heavy brow. His knuckles were crisscrossed with scars and calluses from a long ago youth of fighting and toil. Jimmy was a monument to sheer force andfortunately for manyself-restraint. He was a middle-aged, quiet man now, careful in words and deliberate in action. However, when his anger was stoked, he exploded with all the spectacle of the Fourth of July. There was no one alive who Frank wanted to please morenot because he was worthy, but because Jimmy Gambauer was his only friend. 
Yes, Frank admitted, crestfallen. Reeber was right. Of course he was right, we aint got no coffee. Butbut tell me this aint better! Reebers messmates are gonna wake up this morning to nothin but cold February chill, and they aint gonna have nothing to help. Not so with us!
Not so with us, Frank repeated with a defiant pout.
You did good, Francois, Jimmy acknowledged kindly, Really, you did good.
He put his huge arm around Franks slender shoulders and roughed him up as if he were a younger sibling. Frank beamed under the treatment. Jimmy wouldnt let him off the hook, however. So tell me, chef, what is this stuff? 
With obvious pride, Frank explained, I found some acorns a few days ago. I waited til they was ripe, then I washed em in the shell. Then I sun dried em so they opened. I took the shells off, roasted em with a little bacon fat, and just brewed it up this morning!
What are those brown things in the pot, then? Jimmy asked, mixing amusement with alarm. Acorns?
Yeah! Frank said. I tossed in a couple. You know, a garnish.
Garnish?
Yeah.
Jimmys brow pulled up nearly all the way to his hairline. Frank waited in silence. Finally Jimmy repeated, A garnish? 
Yes, Jimmy. A garnish.
He chuckled into his bent tin cup and said, You really are an odd one, Francois.
Seeing Franks face fall again, Jimmy quickly added, But you did good.
The others were starting to rise. The sun was yet hidden behind the forested hills. A light breeze chased away the mist lazing over the river. It was warm for early February, and the chill was already leaving with the warmth in the breeze. A handful of tired, slender men shuffled toward the unfinished bulwark where Frank and Jimmy stood. 
Hey, a soldier named Kent called, Frenchys got some coffee, just like he promised!
Really? I thought he was lyin.
Kent rushed forward and eagerly shoved his battered cup at Frank. Skinny arms stretched to extend the mouths of clinking tin cups like a nest of hatchlings fighting for their mothers morsel, gullets extended, selfishly awaiting a worm. With pleasure Frank distributed the morning coffee to all. 
Those brave men had an overwhelming task ahead of them. Just yesterday, General Tilghman had come to the camp for review. He had not seemed pleased with the situation, undoubtedly knowing something of Yankee movements. 
All knew a battle was coming a big one. The Confederates were outnumbered and outgunned. Their fevered preparations in building Fort Heiman were fueled by this acknowledgement. Though Fort Henry was fully built across the river, it was poorly designed. If the river remained low, its dry backside was at best exposed to ground troops. And every day the enemy neared, every day the river rose, and every day their hopes dwindled. 
But not today. Franks messmates started the day with shining morale! Even better than their smiles and horseplay so soon after waking to a day of dire news, was Jimmys smile. This was why Frank rose before dawn. Now, more than ever, did the little things matter. Frank had so little to offer. To see it accepted gratefully made his heart soar. 
Generals a comin!
All the boys scattered at the words, racing off to the far end of the construction. A small crowd was forming around the half-finished walls further from the bluff. Frank could only see the occasional glimpse of the generals hat as the soldiers flocked around him. Within seconds he was standing alone by the pitiful little campfire. Even Jimmy had gone. 
Frank looked down at the now-empty pot roasting over the fire. Quietly he removed it from the heat, his back to the men clamoring over their leader. Frank was not so interested to hear what the general had to say. Everybody knew what he was going to say, anyway. They were all going to die.

* * * * *

Brigadier General Tilghman was a strong-looking man, with long, wavy hair combed back to reveal a wide forehead and a thick beard hiding mouth and chin. He looked splendid in his gray coat with ornately gilded cuffs: a gem among rubble. Perhaps he was not unaware of the difference in his appearance from the men surrounding himwho were not well fed, not well armed and not many.
Finally Franks curiosity overcame him. He worked his way into the crowd, found Jimmys massive form and squeezed up under. Frank looked up to his hero, but his hero looked up to his own. 
Men, General Tilghman said simply and clearly to the fidgeting group, Fort Heiman is not far enough along to be of any help to us. Further, today we are losing all the slaves to Fort Donelson. The enemy is taking advantage of this warm weather and is on the move. I am abandoning Fort Heiman to consolidate our forces at Fort Henry.
The group stirred uncomfortably. 
Fort Henry is not as vulnerable as it seems, the general said, seeking to reassure. The winter roads are in awful shape, especially with these warm rains to turn them to mud. It is doubtful the Yanks can attack from land, and the weaknesses of Fort Henry lie from the land. From the river, the fort is more easily defended. This is what it was designed for. This afternoon we must all be at the ready across the river. The forces there are already shorthanded in stemming the flooding. Between both forts we will have close to thirty-five hundred men: more than enough to stop Admiral Foote from advancing up the Tennessee.
The soldiers said nothing. They were ominously silent, waiting, sensing more was to come.
We must stop their progress into Tennessee, Tilghman emphasized. They will be here tonight.
How many? someone asked.
The general shrewdly scanned the clustered faces.
Foote has half a dozen gunboats at his disposal, maybe seven. They will have upward of one hundred fifty sailors each. But if Grants behind him
Absolute silence waited with Tilghmans breath. 
If Grant is behind him and doesnt march directly on Fort Donelson, the general finally revealed, He leads another three divisions.
Silence reigned for a solid minute. Everyone was too shocked to speak, too numbed to think. Tilghman met as many gazes as he could, but even his stalwart presence was not enough to reassure everyone of their fears. Frank had no idea how many men that was, but he keenly sensed the enormity of the situation. 
Jimmy! Frank whispered fiercely. How manys that?
Jimmy looked down at his companion, face more grim than Frank had ever seen it.
There are five thousand men in a division, Frank, Jimmy explained quietly. He stared once again to the north. Somewhere over there, beyond hills of pine, below clouds of purple, was enemy blue. Theres sixteen thousand Yanks a comin.




2

THE FLOODING OF FORT HENRY




THE longboat pitched and rocked, making Frank exceedingly nervous. The waters were dramatically higher than usual, thanks to the incessant rains. Not only was there no end of rain in sight, but the clouds were grumbling above with particular menace. Apparently they had a whole lot more to unload. It was unusual to hear thunder during the winter months, and it did not bolster anybodys good spirit. The Yanks even had nature on their side. 
Frank hunched uncomfortably in the corner of the longboat while his messmates rowed into the current. The water surged over shrubs and around trees, creating eddies and spirals everywhere. Oars dipped in, and he noticed with alarm how quickly the brown water swallowed any sight of them. Franks features hardened. He could not swim. The boat was rocking madly, and if it tipped, he would suffer problems indeed. 
Nearby loomed the massive presence of Jimmy Gambauer, always reassuring, always in control. He could swim, Frank knew, and wouldnt abandon a less fortunate comrade. The bigger mans impassive look brought calm to the lesser. Frank detested how hed been a burden on Jimmy for so many years. Hed never spoken a word of complaint or annoyance. Surely Jimmy didnt have any such feelings. He did, however, have other responsibilities.
Suddenly the longboat pitched to the side. Frank stifled a cry as he was thrown into Jimmys body. He flailed his arms in panic, pathetic and helpless. At least he managed to bite off his yelp. 
Their boat had collided with something large and invisible beneath those horrid brown waters. Something scraped along the entire underside of the twenty-foot craft. The screeching was long, distinct, unnerving. Frank was sure whatever was beneath sought his place among the men. He could hear it, sense it, dragging along the hull and heading right for him. Finally it broke the surface, right at his side. A log had been struck and pulled loose from the bottom. He watched warily as it disappeared back into the depths, like a beast prematurely awakened but opting to return to slumber. 
Who knew what secrets lay beneath those choppy waters? Untold horrors were right below him, unseen, waiting. Frank hated rivers. Boats were such fragile, insignificant man-made means to cross over those ancient paths to death. Hed always hated boats. He still remembered his brother scaring him with the ancient myth of a living skeleton ferrying souls across the River Styx to the land of the dead. Frank saw little difference between the Styx and the Tennesseeor any river for that matter. 
If they tipped, he decided suddenly, he would not seek aid from Jimmy. He would sink down, down into the muddy, ugly brown depths. Like the log, lying for ages in that ancient muck, Frank would remain submerged. He didnt want to cross to the land of the dead. He somehow always knew in his gut that hed die in the water. 
Inevitability was nearing, and he could feel that major things were going to change soon. This war of ideas was about to become much more. The very way of life in the South was at risk of eternal change, as were the men themselves. If there was a time for him to stop being a burden to his only friend, it was at hand. 
Frank glanced again at Jimmy, who stared at the log as it drifted downstream. He seemed visibly relieved, which was surprising. Jimmy was usually like a stone. Yet he pulled a flask from his coat pocket and drank a long, needed shot of brandy.
What? Frank asked, alarmed anew.
Just a log, Jimmy replied with a slight grunt.
What else would it be? Frank asked, growing downright frenzied. 
Well, the rivers got about a dozen torpedoes in it for the Yanks, Jimmy explained. Theres worry theyve been torn from their moorings in the current. Who knows where theyre at by now. You know, from the rain.
Franks eyes bulged. Torpedoes?
Explosives. For them, Jimmy intoned, nodding in the direction of the advancing steam. There was no mistaking the source of the far-off, but nearing, plumes. The Yanks were indeed coming. They were still a long distance away, but their steam trail snaked for miles and miles to mark their approach clearly. It was disheartening, to say the least. 
The charges are in a waterproofed barrel and fixed to the bottom, Jimmy continued, with a pole stickin up. When a boat pushes in the tiprod, they blow. One of the boys said he saw a few torn up from the rains and floating downstream. Dont worry, Frank. Look, were here.
Unnerved even further, Frank stared at the surface where the log had slipped under. Now the river was hiding explosives? It was yet another deadly thing beneath the waves. Already he felt his conviction slipping. He needed Jimmy. Even if they had been thrown in the water, Frank didnt really think hed have been brave enough to sink to the bottom on his own. He hoped he would never get the chance to find out. 

* * * * *

The longboat pulled up to the ugly, mottled bank of the Tennessee. The hugely thick walls of the pentagonal Fort Henry rose up strong, but far closer to the waters edge than just that morning. Frank craned his neck to look up at them. Strong as a mountain they were. But hed heard the boys say they may be strong, but positioned badly. Frank didnt know what that meant. He glanced at the tall bluffs of the other shore, up to the top where Fort Heiman waited for workers who would never return. How he wished it had been ready! Fort Henry was already half-sunk in the swelling, living river, and its earthworks were sodden and weak. 
The boat rocked as they unloaded men and materials. Frank splashed off into knee-deep water and held the bucking side. He could handle the river as long as it was below his knees. Yet he eyed the current warilywhat if it pulled him in deeper?
His boots sank into sand, the same sand he saw this morning from atop the bluff. Those strange, darkly clad men had been racing across it toward the wooded inlet. Frank glanced that way, wondering if he could see what had excited them so. Now that he was closer, he saw nothing but a thickly tangled pile of loose logs and drowned shrubs. He spied a splash of whitewash, however, and identified the commissary wagon behind some trees. Surely thats what they saw in the wooded inlet.
Look, Jimmy, Frank called. Theres the commissary wagon.
Jimmy grunted without really hearing and continued to focus on unloading cases. Frank tried to hold the boat steady as his gaze raced downriver. The line of gray steam, clearly different from all the other gray of this depressing place, was snaking ever nearer. Frank had no idea how many Union ships were approaching up the swollen river. It seemed like an awful lot of steam for just seven gunboats. Were Grant and his men behind? 
After a few minutes, the longboat was cleared. 
Now, Frank, Jimmy said, grabbing his companions shoulder. Our whole companys been assigned to water control. Were gonna be making sandbags all day. The boysll have a lot on their minds. The Yanks are close. I need you to be strong today. I need you to handle things on your own. Can you do that?
Yes, Jimmy, Frank said, eager to please.
Good, he said. He raised a brow for a moment in thought, then added, Now, the boysll be hungry later, so maybe you can do somethin for em, right? Thats your responsibility.
Of course. I wont let you down, Jimmy.
His bulky features relaxed into a smile. I know you wont. See if you can find some meat. We havent had any for a couple weeks. Maybe they have some here.
Ive already found the commissary wagon, Frank offered excitedly.
Good, good, Jimmy said. Youre smart, Francois. Youll figure somethin out. After all, you thought of the coffee, eh chef?
I did! Frank said proudly, with outthrust chest.
But just minutes later, Frank had already failed. He buttoned the flap closed on his haversack with disgust. There was almost nothing in there. Jimmy let him hold all of his rations, but otherwise he was on his own to gather the food from the other soldiers. All their bags were piled in the tent their group was assigned. Frank recognized the shelter as having once been the food storage tent. How ironic! It was empty now, except
A wine bottle! Excitedly Frank snatched up the bottle, but then dropped it in exasperation. The contents had soured. 
Would anything go right? Certainly the haversacks they brought from Fort Heiman were empty, except for some hardtack filled with weevils. Then his eyes widened again. His pulse quickened, and a devilish grin crossed his features. Frank stepped over to look down upon Reebers haversack. 
Reeber was the only other man who had taken the responsibility of cooking for his messmates. Usually a group of about four men took turns being the cook, but both Frank and Reeber supplied food for a dozen men. Reeber had some source for provisions that Frank had yet to figure out, and always had something a little extra for his messmates. Frank wanted desperately to figure out Reebers secrets. He hated that smirk beneath Reebers quivering mustache!
Frank pawed hurriedly through Reebers haversack, continually looking over his shoulder. He did not want to be caught. His quick search revealed very little: he only managed to steal a small tin of ground cayenne peppers.
The boys were sent off to handle the problem of the rising water, and Frank was left to forage for food. After the success of that morning, he was intent on more of the same. It had taken days to prepare the acorns to make them into coffee, not to mention the time to think of itsomething Reeber aint never thought of! Frank felt emboldened by the success, and struck out for provisions. 
Fort Henry was pentagonal in design. Each corner was reinforced with a triangular fortification that made the whole thing look more like a star than a pentagon. The walls were easily thirty feet tall and sloped slightly inward. Protected by those walls was a large, open yard filled with row upon row of tents. Most were large enough to house almost a dozen men. The yard was so saturated with moisture that it was more mud than grass.
Frank departed the fort by exiting through the sally port to the beach. He scrunched over sticks and sands. The beach was only about a dozen feet wide now, whereas just that morning it had been quadruple that. Frank was intent on the commissary wagon near the wooded inlet. He would have to round a bend of clumped woods, which meant he would be out of sight from the fort. That was not a comfortable thought. But he had to be on his own. Jimmy said so. Reluctant, but determined, Frank waded into the debris-filled floodwaters toward his destination. 
The river aggressively attacked the forest, pushing the sides of the wooded inlet wider and wider. The path was now a muddy morass, if not overrun by the river completely. A whole tree had been uprooted and covered the muddy track. Soon Frank was stepping over a jumble of fallen limbs, trying to pick the water-filled holes between the tangled branches. Slimy bark rubbed against his trousers and his boots sank into cold muck. Yet onward he slogged. 
Finally he reached the wagon, which faced a road leading into the forest. Its narrow wheels sank deeply into the saturated earth. Frank squished over to the soldier in charge. He was a pale, sickly man with a horribly unmanaged beard. A large, flat brown mole dominated his cheek, only partially obscured by the beard. He wore a straw hat that made Franks look new in comparison. Frank explained his needs, but the man only offered a fifty-pound bag of cornmeal and a quarter-pound of salted bacon. Frank could clearly see the man had nothing else to give, but felt compelled to ask.
No meat?
Meat? the man croaked, You kiddin? We aint had no meat here for three weeks!
He gestured up the trail leading into the forest. 
Fort Donelson, he continued, is gettin all the supplies. We aint stayin in Henry too long. Waters a risin, and Yanks is comin.
Disappointed, Frank said nothing. 
sides, he added, bacons meat.
Frank thanked him and shouldered the provisions. Rather than take the unkempt and all-but useless beach route, he opted to take the longer road to the fort. A muddle of ruts and footprints filled with icy puddles led into the forest. He was told the road took a direct route to Donelson before branching off to Fort Henry. Encumbered with the provisions, his boots sank alarmingly deep into the muck. The road was nearly as ruined as the river!
Frank rounded the first curve of the road and stopped dead in his tracks. Before him rose the most atrocious sight he had ever witnessed.
A veritable pyramid of corpses sank crookedly into the sludge, lapped at gently by the fetid backwaters of the swollen river. The stench was deep and as unmanageable as the muck surrounding the whole atrocity. The mound was nestled among fallen logs and slimy bark. There were so many men it was hard to distinguish individual features. Even arms and legs were entwined. Franks eyes finally settled on the splayed fingers of a youth, half immersed in the water. Ice clung between them, his knuckles smeared with mud and bits of debris. 
A single bored soldier sat upon a rotting log. He didnt even nod at Frank, and certainly did not comment upon his reaction to the scene. A rifle sat across his knees, absorbing his attention. Absently he traced the grain in the wood with a dirty finger.
Obviously Fort Heiman was not the only place destroyed by disease. These men had been struck down too fast for burial. There were even more dead here than across the river in the gulch. Frank gagged with sorrow at the sight of so many heroes taken in the prime of their lives. 
But worse was the awful manner of their storage. With the frantic efforts to prepare the fort, no one had given any time to the situation of the dead. The tarps of heavy canvas that lay over the bodies had been pulled back and in places even shredded. Further, the whole thing was unnecessarily and alarmingly close to the commissary wagon. 
It was the most awful, sorrowful, and disrespectful scene Frank had ever witnessed in his life. 
Tears stung his eyes as he stood there, ankle-deep in icy mud and encumbered by fifty pounds of cornmeal. He just managed to gulp the revulsion down when he suddenly had a flash of memory: the shaggy figures clambering all over the dead bodies at Fort Heiman. They were the same odd men on the beach here at Fort Henry, too. They had all raced in this direction, disappearing into these very trees. Frank fought off nausea at the thought of what theyd been doing. Certainly he was mistaken! Good Lord Almighty!
Sure enough, Frank realized the canvas tarp had not blown loose. It had been torn loose. Unmistakable were the marks of ravaging: deep lacerations and rent flesh. He grimaced in deeper loathing. Frank would normally assume such were the marks of animals, but after seeing the black-clad men this morning, he wasnt so sure. 
The soldier just hung his head low, fighting to not acknowledge anyone or anything.
The road led through the thick, wet forest. Naked limbs of bunched trees shivered in the wind, dousing Frank with fat drops of icy water. Clouds growled threateningly, unstoppable like the Union army. Lighter gray tendrils of vapor trailed down from the angry purplish-gray mass above. He shivered as he slogged through the quagmire of mud, ice, and dead leaves. Finally the tall walls of Fort Henry rose anon.
Frank entered through the sally port and immediately hopped into the lee of the wall to escape the chill wind. He was nearly felled by an awful smell. He stood at the edge of an open pool of brownish, foul water filled with what was surely human excrement. He wrinkled his nose in disgust, having heard the stories of such poor sanitation in some forts. Frank didnt know much, but he knew living in shit was not good. No wonder disease was so rampant!
Across the way were his messmates, mercifully protected from the smell by the wind blowing through the sally port. The boys were coatless from hard labor. They stood clustered in small groups, many paused and leaning on their shovels. They had been filling sandbags from a huge stockpile of sand occupying a corner of the outer walls. They were dirty beyond belief, exhausted and overwhelmed. Frank eyed their weapons stacked in a corner. How could a dozen old hunting rifles and shotguns stop sixteen thousand Yanks?
The boys saw Frank standing near the weapons and called out to him. Frank couldnt help but blush at the attention. Such a greeting almost made leaving worth it if only he had the courage to venture out more often. 
Hey, Frenchys back! Whatcha got for us tonight, Frenchy?
Yeah, Frank. Can we count on two miracles today?
We could use more than two! a voice shouted from afar. 
Though surprised by the cheerful greeting, that didnt stop Frank from drinking it all in. He smiled broadly and hefted the heavy bag of cornmeal on his shoulder. Jovially he taunted, Just came back from the commissary!
Any meat?
Yeah, they got any meat here?
Frank was barraged with images of rent corpses. His smile faded. He tried to shake it from his mind, but it lingered. 
Frenchy, you all right?
Y-yeah, Frank called, forcing back the grin. You boys do your thing, and Ill do mine. Ill have somethin for ya tonight. Dont you worry about that! You take care a those damned Yankees, and Ill take care a you.
Some of the boys laughed good-naturedly, but more than a few stared morosely at their boots or shovels. An awkward moment passed as no one said anything. Frank stared at his mismatched boots. Did he say something wrong again? He wished he would learn to keep his mouth shut. Jimmy didnt say much, but he never said anything wrong! But the tension was soon interrupted.
The shelling had begun.

* * * * *

The blasting came from the river, immediately followed by the shouts of soldiers calling to arms throughout Fort Henry. The boys dropped their shovels and raced to their positions, many doing so without their coats. Explosions rocked the fort from everywhere all at once. Several detonations erupted on the walls in a shower of smoke and debris. Frank was pelted with sharp bits of stone, but the thick walls were mostly undamaged. Tents began to smolder.
Terrified, he stood there, frozen, not knowing what to do. Jimmy wasnt there. Frank watched his messmates race to gather shotguns, rifles, and the odd carbine. He watched the soldiers atop the walls already preparing the return fire. He watched the tents begin to flame. All he could do was watch. 
Fort Henry blasted back immediately: fire erupting, smoke billowing, and thunder barking from the guns as the Confederates returned the violence. The yard inside the fort instantly filled with the haze. Franks eyes stung, his ears rang. 
Unlike the Yankee guns, the defenders of Fort Henry fired at will, and the air was continually filled with their sharp reports. Franks attention was arrested by the big Columbiad gun, which threw further and yelled louder than all others. Its rage was staggering to behold. Frank couldnt even fathom what it would be like on the receiving end of such a beast. Of like ferocity was the rapid-fire six-inch gun. The cacophony of just those two cannon was numbing. Still more men ran to still more positions to fire still more cannons. Frank yet watched. 
The Union flotilla fired their cannon simultaneously with tremendous effect. Moments of silence provided an opportunity to prepare for the next onslaught. But such cover was merely an illusion, for when next came the noise, death followed. Split timbers flew through the air, erupting from explosive shot, while solid shot punched through inner brick walls like butter. It was a one-two punch that was as unstoppable as death. Thrown beams and falling rock crushed the tents surrounding Frank. The second blast from the Yanks finally rattled the slender cook from his stupor. 
He dropped the cumbersome cornmeal and raced up to the top of a wall. Emboldened by the actions of such heroes around him, Frank felt more confident of action. Mostly, though, he had to see what was happening!
The bloated river snaked away into rain-shrouded, heavily wooded hills. About two miles distant and past a slender curtain of rain were a huge number of Yankees. They blocked the entire Tennessee. Franks jaw dropped as he counted the ironclad gunboats three, four, five in all. Two more were made of wood.
Despite the enormity of danger being hurled at him, all Frank could think about was why the boys called the boats turtles. He finally got it! They were low to the water and rounded at the edges, just like a long, iron-shelled turtle with two great smokestack spikes rising out of its back. They were close enough that Frank could just barely see their sides bristling with cannons. That reminded him more of a porcupine than a turtle. Whatever animals they were, they were all abreast to fill the entire width of the river. An uncountable number of other boats piled up behind them.
My God! Frank cried. How can we compete with that? 
Frank started running along the crowded ramparts, slipping in and out of the groups of soldiers manning the guns. At first he ran because he was panicked, felt the need to fleea primal instinct. But that soon changed. He became exhilarated at every shout, emboldened by every cluster of artillery passed. He was part of the action! Frank paused as an artillery team lit a fuse and turned away from their gun. Smoke and fire belched from the barrel; the cannon leapt backwards as if bit by a snake. The smoke washed over Frank, bitter, hot, then rolled off the rampart. All the men simultaneously leapt into action: the boys reloading the cannon, Frank rushing by. 
He passed several cannon and artillery teams this way, as close as he had ever been to the action. The guns fired at the flotilla of gunboats constantly, and there he was! Frank Billinghouse, rushing about the ramparts of Fort Henry with the boys, the heroes of the Confederate States of America! His heart pounded with pride and excitement. 
Hey, you there! a voice called. Grab that shot!
Franks eyes flew open wide. The boys needed his help!
He had been racing past an artillery group when they called. Nearby was a stack of heavy iron solid shot. Frank grabbed the nearest ball and lumbered toward them. It was awfully heavy and rough in his soft hands. A short, stocky soldier took it and shouldered him aside as others readied the gun. Frank stepped away and watched. The boysno, Frank and the boyswere about to blast the enemy into oblivion. Yes, with his help, the Yanks would run back to momma. Ha! If only Jimmy could see him now!
But the euphoria was cut short, for on came the next barrage. Frank had never before seen a coordinated volley. He would never forget the sight. The wide row of gunboats disappeared into smoke. A second later came the deafening wave of the guns. Then came the terror. 
The ramparts erupted in smoke, splinters, sparks, and shrieks. Frank dropped in panic, crying like a child. Sparks bit his skin, shrapnel pierced it. Pain engulfed his body like hed rolled naked in nettles. He could see nothing through the haze of tears and smoke. When it finally cleared, he saw the artillerymen had already risen and were lighting the fuse to the cannon. It barked back, spitting a solid shot at the enemy.
Frank didnt know much, but he knew he had to get off those walls. It appeared the barrage had in fact done little damage to the walls, but he didnt care. Adrenaline flared through his body and he leapt to his feet, intent on escape like before. He raced across the outer wall until he reached the ramp leading down into the yard. He thundered downward, oblivious to all but flight. 
Finally the rush was depleted, leaving him spent and shuddering. He trudged through the jumble of tents, body numbed with pain, mind numbed with shock. Frank winced at every blast of cannon, whether North or South. He didnt want to be near any of it. He was not the stuff of heroes. He was not one of the boys.
Dejected, he retreated ever further. To his surprise, he saw that the forest sally port was still open. Mist shrouded the wet trees outside, and the dark between them was deep. Frank fought the urge to run into the forest, to flee that stone prison of terror. But those dark woods would soon hold hordes of Yankee troops.
He leaned against the wall of a rickety shed and panted. He was not safe there, or anywhere. Though the ramparts took the brunt of the broadsides, many shots sailed over the walls and struck the yard. Tents everywhere were smashed or burning, and there was no shortage of bleeding men. One small stone magazine had been completely crushed, and Frank noted poor Kent half buried under the rubble. He had tried to crawl to freedom, but had succumbed. Beside Kent sat a mustached soldier, dazed. It was Reeber! Blood streamed down the side of his face from a head wound, and his leg appeared broken.
Then happened the most shocking thing of allcertainly the strangest. 




3

THE FINGER PEOPLE




FROM THE SALLY port, Frank stared across the clear-cut  perimeter surrounding the fort, to the looming forest. Pouring across the distance came a score of men, erupting from the darkness between the trees. They dashed over the forty-foot perimeter in seconds. Like ghosts, swift and silent, they were swathed in long black, shaggy coats and wore oddly long-fingered gloves. They entered Fort Henry in droves. 
Another barrage made Frank jump. As a single unit the strange men cringed at the explosions all around, flapping their tattered sleeves over their heads to fend away the pelting stones. Like smoke, they slipped into nooks and corners of the fort, into sheds and magazines. They occupied all but the flaming tents. They were everywhere, yet nowhere. 
Frank rubbed his grit-filled eyes. Where had they gone? What did they want? Certainly they werent Yanks. Frank knew that much. Hints of them were everywhere, but he could not get a clear look at any of them. These were definitely the mysterious figures from the morning, figures with white faces and wearing black, shredded coats and gloves. How could he forget them crawling atop the dead bodies? Flashes of black teased him, maddened him, as if the fort were infested with man-sized roaches. 
Surely it couldnt be his imagination, could it? Frank glanced at Reeber to gauge his reaction. The soldier had passed out, but his mustache still twitched in pain. 
Yet another barrage exploded overhead, this time much closer. Frank was thrown to the earth under a shower of debris. Splinters rained like arrows, piercing everywhere, and a huge scrap of smoking timber thudded mere inches away from his head. Smoke rolled over him in a wave, burning his lungs with each ragged pant. 
Frank groaned and just lay there, twisted and pained. A heap of smoking rubble and blazing timber lay over him, which he shivered off like an unwanted blanket. Echoes of explosions resounded in his head; whether real or remembered he no longer knew. Through stinging, tear-filled eyes he saw a splinter piercing his shoulderfive inches deep. It was pure agony pulling it out. He nearly swooned. 	
Oh, Jimmy would be so angry with him! He had just stood therewhat did he think would happen? Frank hadnt seen Jimmy angry very often, but knew he would get the worst of it after this idiotic move. The only time Jimmy had ever directed his formidable anger toward Frank was after hed stupidly run out in front of a teamsterright after Jimmy had just saved his life, no less! Frank had nearly been killed. At least this time Jimmy was mostly uninjured. His left shoulder, though bleeding badly, did not hurt. The only thing that hurt was his skinall of it. It must have been broken in a hundred places. 
Frank used the fallen logwhich had nearly crushed him to deathto pull free. He had been thrown over beside Reeber. The soldier was awake again and weakly struggling with his broken leg. Frank rose shakily to his feet and finally came to Reebers aid. He dropped to his knees beside the man just as he passed out again. Frank brushed hair away from Reebers bleeding forehead. It didnt look cut too deep, but it bled a lot. His mustache hid a bloodied mouth, too. His leg was badly broken.
When Frank looked up, three of the men in black descended upon poor, dead Kent. They clustered around the limp form with their backs to him, quickly pulling the body free of the rubble. With the precision and cooperation of ants, Kent was carried away towards the forest. Within seconds Frank was alone with the unconscious Reeber, frowning in confusion.
What the hell just happened? 
He comforted Reeber by cradling his bleeding head. Though Frank hated the man, he deserved help the same as anyone. His attention was a mile away, though. All the fears and danger of the battle were gone, replaced by wonder and confusion. His thoughts swirled with the smoke.
Then Frank saw another one. How is it that the fort held over three thousand men, yet all he could see were those figures in black? His stomach soured with the truth. They all avoided the actual combat, like he did. Smoke wafted away to reveal one crouching behind a tent, white face gazing away. It turned to look at Frank.
Its round face was white as a bleached sheet and strangely flat. Both the nose and ears were nonexistent except as tiny slits. The mouth was amazingly tiny, the size of an infants. Its eyes were huge and very round, and with the exaggerated sockets surrounding them, like an owl. What Frank had thought was an old, black coat was in fact not clothing at all. It was covered in thick, coarse fur with random greasy patches and unkempt tufts. Further, what he had assumed were black gloves were especially long fingers, or rather, claws. They were unnaturally long in proportion to the rest of the creature.
It met Franks gaze and held it. Those pale, round eyes froze him motionless. They were ice blue, just like a mans would be, had they not been perfectly round. Frank sensed intelligence, something perhaps more than an animal but less than human. It just sat there hunched beside a tent. Its feet were surprisingly short certainly compared to those creepy fingers! 
Long, black claws reached around Frank. He wanted to jump, to flee, but was frozen with fear. It was too late anyway: they were all around him. The bizarre fingers delicately probed Reebers face, brushing lightly over closed eyes, slipping through his thin hair, poking his mustache. A rank smell wafted over Frank, and his nose wrinkled in protest. He detected the sickening sweet odor of old sweat, but mixed with something else. Was it ammonia? It was putrid. 
Still entranced by the ice blue eyes, Frank only peripherally noticed the details of the claws. Each segment between joints was exceptionally long. Further, there was an extra joint altogether. 
Frank finally broke from the gaze of the blue-eyed thing. With amazing agility the creatures plucked Reebers head from his lap. The scavengers had the tenderness of a mother with her child, and the grace of a troupe of dancers. With fine precision, Reebers body was born up and away, cradled in the arms of three of the creatures. They gripped him by the arms and legs, their oddly long fingers completely encircling his limbs as if designed for such purpose. Reeber woke once he was aloft. He struggled weakly. His eyes flashed in terror as his face was wrapped beneath those disgusting four-jointed fingers. 
Frankie! he shrieked. Oh God, please help me Frankie!
His scream was muffled and he was carried smoothly out of the fort. They crossed the clearing and slipped into the forest. Shaken, Frank looked back to the first one who had met his gaze. 
It, too, was gone.

* * * * *
	
Frank was then running through the blazing, smoking tents. He couldnt recall when he began fleeing. Flashes of the figures could still be seen everywhere in the yard, behind smoldering tents, inside charred sheds. He rushed to the only place he thought the long-fingered things fearedas he didthe wall. For Frank, the fear of the unknown surpassed his fear of the known. 
He raced up the ramp to the curtain wall. Soon he was hugging the stone beneath the ramparts, halfway between death on the wall and death in the yard. Smoke billowed over him from the cannon above, wave after wave. Then he noted the distinctive voice of Brigadier General Tilghman. He and the artillery officers were shouting to one another over the pandemonium.
Looks like the boys have found their range, eh? Good. Aha! Look at that ironclad on the far left. See it? Thats the Essex, under Dirty Bill Porter. Give me those field glasses.
Frank listened on, fascination replacing fear. 
I see Grants men landing back there. Damn it! Hell be slow in marching through the swamp, but we cant handle any land assault.
Frank nearly choked at the thought their situation could actually get worse. Good God!
I wonder if Admiral Foote is on the Essex, the general continued. Aha! See those two men on the spar deck? I think the bearded one is General Grant. Yep, I heard hes in command of the Army  of West Tennessee. Some say hes a drunk, but theyre fools. The other ones Porter. Give me a shot from the six-inch right through that son of a bitch.
The unmistakably powerful roar of the rapid-fire gun shook the walls. Even more smoke poured down over Frank from above, and as the echo died he heard a jubilant shout from General Tilghman.
Aha! That got him! Look, the shell punched right through!
Frank just hugged the wall while the boys earnestly fought off the attack. Soon the fighting slowed, and he overheard that the Union gunboats were retreating. General Tilghman strode along the ramparts shouting encouragement to the boys. 
A new, more powerful roaring resounded through the skies. It was not from cannon, but from heaven. The thunder pealed so loudly it dwarfed the puny noise of men. Within moments a hard, cold rain slashed down over the fort. Frank stood there, stunned and shivering, not knowing what to do. All he wanted in the world was for Jimmy to be there. He always knew what to do.
Yet it was over. The rain immediately doused any joy in the boys for having repelled the first attack. They all knew that more rain meant disaster for the flooding fort. Frank cautiously made his way up the final steps to view the river. The attacking gunboats slumped away in the mist and rain. It was a powerful rain, a hurtful rain. He shivered in the chill, helpless to combat the biting drops. He couldnt see the whole fort, but sensed those mysterious things were gone, too. He sensed they had simply taken advantage of the attack as a distraction. 
The whole thing seemed surreal. He was just glad it was all over. Of course, it wasnt. 

* * * * *

Night had descended with the storm. Both were overwhelming, awful. The tarp over Franks cooking fire was barely able to protect the coosh he was making. The saturated ground refused to secure the tarps poles, so they leaned in more and more. A pool of water would grow in the middle of the tarp, prompting him to lean directly over the smoky fire to push the water off the far side. It was too smoky to remain under there, so in the icy February rain he stayed.
The boys were waiting for him in one of the few surviving tents. It was cold and muddy in there, too, but at least the drops were not actually striking them. But Frank knew this small torture was the least he could endure for them. He gave the deep pan a shake. The bacon hed gotten from the commissary wagon was mostly grizzle and fat, but was finally frying up enough. He added some water. It sizzled in protest, and the grease snapped back at him. Mechanically he added the corn meal. He gave the whole thing a few stirs, then let it be.
He regarded a small bowl silently. It was filled with vinegar. The soured wine from their tent had, in fact, turned to vinegar. He figured hed use it. That wasnt what stopped him. What made him pause was the small tin in his hand. 
Reebers ground red pepper.
Frank couldnt label what he felt, but was overcome by emotion. He hated Reeberhated him!and had plotted nasty things to do to him for months. But Reeber was never a bad man. Far from it, actually. Frank hated to admit it, but hed merely been jealous of him. Oh, Frank knew he was a better cook, but Reeber was not a cook at all. He was a soldier. Reeber had other, greater responsibilities than did Frank. While he was out performing those duties, what had Frank done? 
Hed stolen his pepper. 
Did Reeber deserve to die? Did any of the boys? And for that matter, was poor Reeber even dead? Jesus, Frank hoped the poor man wasnt lying cold and scared in the forest, surrounded by those creatures. There would be no help for him. Frank shuddered while recalling those long, weird fingers closing around his mustache. The Finger People. 
Mechanically, Frank mixed the red pepper with the vinegar. He tasted it and was rewarded with a nice burn on his tongue. The spicy sauce was tossed into the frying pan with the coosh. The brownish gravy began thickening to the consistency of oatmeal. It was almost ready. 
Frank wondered who was cooking for Reebers messmates. 
Inside the tent, the boys lay in various states of apprehension and exhaustion. A single lantern hissed on the floor in the center, barely illuminating them all. There were nearly a dozen lean men inside, but Frank could not find Jimmy among them. He wondered where he was. Hed been agonizing over Jimmys absence for hours. This was probably the longest theyd had been apart in years. When Frank entered bearing the steaming pan of coosh, several men perked up. 
Now be careful, boys, Frank called out. This here cooshs got a kick as strong as General Lee.
A few accepted their dinner in silence. A few others remained dejected on their wet, stinking bedrolls. Without a word, the downtrodden men spooned the coosh into their mouths. Frank waited.
Hey, Frank, a voice finally called, surprised. This is good.
Yeah, said another, perking up after a few more mouthfuls. This has got a lot of flavor.
The somber mood cracked, everything lifted. Despite the rain, despite the cold, the hunger, the death, the doom, something lifted. If not joy, it was at least a well-earned measure of comfort. The gathering of tins, the jostling of elbows. Smiles. Frank was downright proud that he could so cheer the boys. He cackled good-naturedly, You sound surprised, boys, but I dont know why!
Even the sullen figures in the dark corner fumbled forward. Enthusiasm replaced dejection. 
Thats our Francois, the finest French chef in the Confederate States, another of the boys called.
Whats in this, Frenchy?
Red pepper, my friends, Frank replied. Healthier and tastier than black, it is. Prevents dysentery, you know. And cures colds!
That true?
Red pepper? called another. Where in tarnationd you get that?
Franks smile faltered. No one noticed, so focused were they on their dinner. Renewed compliments were no longer received as adulation, but barbs of accusation. Hurriedly Frank delivered the last of the coosh to the anxious, extended tins. Those who came late were disappointed when he ran out. It always took two batches to feed all twelve of the boys. Triumphantly, Frank turned back to face the rain. In that moment of joy, Frank had no reason to believe he would never get to finish the second batch. 

* * * * *

Frank marched back to the anemic fire, pleased, if troubled. He hoped Jimmy would get his dinner. Frank resolved to save him some, even if he didnt get to eat at all. Where was he, anyway? Frank felt naked and weak without Jimmys reassuring presence. Frank threw some bacon in the pan and hugged himself in the rain. The boys had said Jimmy was not hurt in the attack, but maybe they were wrong. What if they were wrong? What would he do? Jimmy had to be safe! But then, this was war. And war killed good men all the time. 
All the time. 
He leaned over the fire, held his breath, and closed his eyes to the burning smoke. The awkward position was still preferable to being fully doused in the rain. To his surprise, Frank could hear a conversation from across the yard better that way. General Tilghman was speaking. His voice was easy to identify.
Now, there are only four of them. The Rains brothers are making more, I understand, but these are all I could get for now.
Yes, sir.
There are five ironclads out there, and two timbers. I want those ironclads out of commission. Weve already lost nine of our guns to the rising river. Only two are big enough to damage ironclads, and the river is about to overrun the Columbiad.
Yes, sir.
Now, just drop one of these in the coal bins, and get the hell out of there. Try to start with the Essex, if you can. If you cant get onboard, try for the trailing coal barge. It will not be as well guarded, but it will also not buy us as much time. They shouldnt think anything of it when they shovel them into the boilers. They wont even notice. Even if one of them blows up tonight, theyll never think of checking the coal bunkers. And even if they do, they wont recognize these.
Frank squinted against the smoke, trying to identify the figures in the dark. General Tilghman was easy enough to identify, because of the light glinting off his brass buttons and such. But the other man was mostly lost to the dark. He was a big man, but no more could Frank discern. His few words didnt carry well in the thumping rain. 
The rain doesnt look like its going to stop, but I dont want to take the chance of you losing its cover. Now, the Yankee army has been landing troops all afternoon behind the gunboats. You can imagine how long it will take to land three divisions into the marshes. They will be distracted but everywhere. With luck theyll all be far behind the gunboats and not an obstacle. 
Noting the size and bearing of the unidentified man, Frank concluded it was Jimmy.
If you cant get back to the fort for whatever reason, make for Fort Donelson twelve miles away. I am moving everyone there tomorrow. Only a skeleton crew of maybe a hundred will remain here to buy us some time. Its no secret we cant keep the fort. Its almost entirely flooded already, anyway. Understand?
Yes, sir.
The two men parted ways. General Tilghman disappeared into the darkness, while the soldier trudged toward Frank. Within a moment there was no mistaking who it was.
Jimmy!
The man looked up from the ground, which had occupied his attention. He smiled a bit when he saw Frank. For his part, Frank was so excited that he rushed through the rain to the big man. Jimmy gave Frank a resounding slap on the back. It hurt immensely on Franks shrapnel-shredded skin, but he said nothing. 
Frank, Im glad youre all right, Jimmy said as he unslung a new, heavy knapsack. 
Sure, Jimmy, Frank excitedly replied. I knew youd be okay.
The big man nodded. Together they marched right past the cooking fire and into the tent. Frank wanted to tell him about the red pepper more than anything! His encounter with the Finger People was pushed out in favor of showing off to Jimmy. But Jimmy was too busy for any petty displays. 
Whats that? Frank asked, referring to the new bag. 
Jimmy said nothing, but rather gently set the knapsack upon his still-bound bedroll. He then began removing articles of extra gear and clothing. First his gray coat, then his belt, and finally his ring. Frank had never seen him take off his ring before. Jimmy stood in his dark shirt and trousers, looked himself up and down with intense scrutiny, then slipped the bag back around his broad shoulders. Frank noticed Jimmys rifle remained beside his bedroll.
Jimmy, Ill have some dinner for you real soon, Frank said. Its good tonight, ask the boys! 
Murmurs of agreement rose from the dark. One of the boys added, I hope the next batchs soon! 
No dinner for me tonight, Frank. Jimmy said.
Why not?
I have something I need to do. Orders.
Spontaneously he searched through his folded frock coat. Pulling free his flask, he brought it with him as he stomped out of the tent. Hurriedly Frank trailed after. 
Orders?
Jimmy paused before the cooking fire, staring at the flames. Rain pounded on his broad shoulders, which seemed a little low. Frank, you were on your own all day today. I see you have done well.
I sure did! I told you I wouldnt let you down.
The flames reflected in Jimmys eyes. A single brow angled up. You made a good dinner, eh? All the boys I talked to said you did.
Yes, sir, the best! Frank affirmed. Spicy, Jimmy, its spicy! Red pepper. Cures colds, stops dysentery.
He chuckled. You did good Frank. You did good.
Jimmy turned and looked at Frank with a deadly serious expression. He grabbed Franks arm in earnest. His hand was so large as to encircle the smaller mans entire arm. The memory of long, delicate fingers winding around Reebers limbs flashed before Franks eyes. 
Frank, Jimmy intoned. I have a special mission tonight. Its dangerous. It will take me out of the fort. I need you to stay here and do what you did today.
Out of the fort? What do you mean, out of the fort?
Im on a secret mission, planting a surprise for the Union. Theres nothin to worry about.
Youre coming back, though. Right?
His stern features softened slightly. Of course, Frank, of course. But until I come back, youre on your own. You did good today. You just keep doin what youre doin. Im proud of you. Why, even Reeberll be jealous of this dinner, eh?
Franks range of emotions was finally complete: excitement to joy to disappointment to disgust. Jimmy was complimenting him, though, so he couldnt help standing a little straighter. But Frank was confused and feeling somehow hurt at Jimmys departure. Concern dashed the reference to Reeber from his mind. Well, if you say so, Jimmy.
I have no choice, Frank. Now, listen closely. If I dont come back tonight
Jimmy!
If I dont come back tonight, he repeated more strongly, Youll have to meet me at Fort Donelson. Thats where youre goin anyway. General Tilghman is takin everyone there tomorrow. Do you understand?
Frank stared at the ground, lit ruddy red in the firelight. The heavy rain pummeled the mud into different shapes. He didnt know what to say. It all sounded so final. Jimmy took a drink of brandy from his flask, winced, and offered it to Frank. He declined.
Can you put this back in my coat, please?
Sure, Jimmy.
Frank, do you understand? Weve got to do what were ordered to. Honor is all weve got left.
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Yes, Jimmy.	
OK. I have to go right away. Im sorry I cant try your dinner tonight.
And then Frank was alone.

* * * * *

The day was too much for him to bear. First was the horror of discovering entire piles of human remains. Shock followed that they had probably been cannibalized. Then came the terror of war. As if that were not enough, some bizarre creatures out of a nightmare were plaguing the fort. And now Jimmy was gone.
He felt so alone. The only other time Frank had ever felt so desperately alone was the very day he met Jimmy in Kansas City. Jimmy had saved his life, the life of a stranger, simply because it was the right thing to do. Ever since then, Frank had never been alone.
Until now.
Frank mechanically worked the coosh, desperately seeking normalcy. The bacon was mostly ready, though he had to cut it up a little more finely. The fat was dissolving nicely and creating a thick layer of grease in the bottom of the pan. He noted a small black spot in the grease: a weevil from the last batch, apparently. Frequently the hardtack was filled with the small insects that had burrowed inside. It was impossible to pick them all out. The cornmeal was also evidently infested.
Picking the dead weevil from the grease, Frank burned the tip of his finger. He sucked on the burn while adding both water and cornmeal to the pan. He left it to thicken. The rain was finally starting to hurt his shoulders from the ceaseless pounding. He held the tin of red pepper carefully under the tarp and oh so gently eased it open. The soft powder was surprisingly fine. Frank tilted the tin and watched the silky red crawl toward the lip. 
He stared at that tin for a long, long time. Reebers peppers. All that was left of the man was his stolen peppers. Franks stomach felt strange. It didnt really hurt, but it wasnt right. He felt jittery, too, as if he had drunk a whole bunch of coffee. Images of poor Reeber flashed through his head, followed by the fire and smoke, the dread, the loathing. 
Frank straightened up stiff. Replacing the lid tightly, he slipped the tin into his jacket pocket. The coosh still had some time before it would be ready. He would not be there when it was.
Slowly but surely Frank spun about to face the back of the fort, toward the forest. Jimmy had disappeared into the darkness and rain with that new knapsack. A spontaneous conviction came over Frank, much like when crossing the river in the longboat. He knew what he had to do. Jimmy would never ask for help, certainly not from Frank. He had stopped even offering it long ago, in fact. But he was sure Jimmy needed him now. 
Frank rushed off into the darkness after his friend. 




4

SABOTEURS




THE WALL WAS MASSIVE, WET, ugly. The sally port to the forest had finally been gated and guarded. Two shadowy figures wavered in the downpour, hunched against the rain. Beside the entrance was the large pool of waste, human and now otherwise. The charred remains of burning timbers and blackened debris had been cleared from the path and tossed in. Such extra volume, added to the incessant rain, threatened to flood the whole area with the foul stuff. The sand pile opposite had slithered across the main path.
Warily, Frank approached the guards. He was here for a reason, he muttered to himself. His attempt at bolstering resolve was only partially successful. Mechanically, he pulled off his tattered straw hat. It was habit to remove his hat before authority and grip the brim with both hands. Jimmy was very critical of such habit, noting the act made him look like a child, or even an imbecile. Frank blinked uncontrollably at the water streaming down his face and felt like both, and a fool to boot. Finally he rammed the hat back on his head and stared at the men through the waterfall dribbling off the brim. 
Whats yer business? a voice called out of the rain.
The rain was too heavy, the night too dark, for Frank to identify which man challenged him. Suddenly Frank had the wild idea of running up and somehow pushing both men into the pool of excrement, then rushing out the gates. But he would never do such a thing. He couldnt. They were soldiers. He wasnt. Instead he focused on not stammering, answering, IIm assigned a special mission. My partner was just here.
Yeah?
Panic suddenly flared in his chest. He hadnt thought about how to handle this! What if they didnt let him out? If he ran back to the tent right now he could still finish the coosh. The boys had loved it. He was already a hero tonight. It would be so much easier, so much nicer. The sentries hadnt identified him yet. It wasnt too late! 
Yeah, Frank retorted falteringly. Didnt he tell you?
No, came the voice. A sudden rush of wind temporarily silenced them all. Sheets of water rippled and warped, but still struck. One guard stepped forward to finish, saying, Neither did Brigadier General Tilghman.
The sentry knew General Tilghman? How did he know General Tilghman? Frank nearly cried. He was still in the fort and already out of his depth! Of course the sentry would know important people. He was a soldier. But then Frank had an idea. Mustering his courage, he said, I dont know you.
Yeah, well I dont know you, neither.
I came from Fort Heiman this morning, Frank hastily answered. After losing the slaves to Fort Donelson, my men were assigned to shoring up the walls. You shouldnt know me, but should recognize a superior officer.
Energy tickled within. He was doing it! He was negotiating. Why, he was commanding! This was even better than when he was on the wall!
The sentry was clearly unconvinced by Franks babbling, and said so. He also added, General Tilghman aint said nothin about no special mission.
Oh, really? Frank retorted with false bravado. Even as he said it, he recognized that he sounded anything but official. But onward he pressed. Then how come Private James Gambauer just passed?
The sentry paused. The rain did not. Frank began to fidget in the silence. Finally the second sentry stepped forward to speak to his partner. He was a small man with a huge floppy hat and a shotgun. The left sleeve of his gray coat was shredded and wrapped in bloody bandages. The wounded man whispered something to the sentry, whose face warped into a smirk. 
Of course the general didnt talk about the special mission! Frank blurted, desperate. Youre just guards. Let me by! 
All right, said the sentry, stepping back. You sure as Sunday aint no superior officer, but Ill let ya by. Keep yer britches on. 
Frank watched anxiously as the sentry stepped towards the gates. The wounded man disappeared in the downpour. Was he calling for more guards? Frank cursed his own stupidity. Of course he wasnt: they didnt need more guards to stop a lowly cook! The sentry pulled open the gate just enough for Frank to slip through. 
I dont blame ya, called out the second guard from right beside Frank. The timid cook nearly jumped over the wall. He stared at the man, unsure of his intention. But he just massaged his wounded arm and said, Wish I could run, too. Good riddance. More food for me.
Frank said nothing. Instead he squeezed through the gate so hurriedly that his hat was knocked off. Sheepishly he grabbed it from the mud. Laughter followed him out the gates, which then closed behind him. 
He had done it! Oh, if Jimmy had seen him in action just there! Why, he was amazing. All he did was keep his head on his shoulders, just like Jimmy. Oh, he would have been proud. But then, Frank realized, Jimmy will know, wont he? When he showed up to help. Wont he be surprised!

* * * * *
	
The area directly outside Fort Henry was sparsely lit. The rain was too much for even bonfires to stay alight. A few brands blazed in shelters along the wall, but nothing more. The cleared perimeter was dark, but discernible. The swollen river had poured into the open space, creating an ankle-deep moat. Rain frothed the surface. 
As quickly as Franks courage had been kindled, it died. He didnt want to stand exposed in the perimeter, but he sure as hell didnt want to leave the light and enter the forest. He hadnt been prepared for the forest being so loud. The drum of rain was anything but an even tempo, punctuated by clattering branches and groaning trunks. Lightning flashed and, for one bold moment, Frank saw mile upon mile of seething discontent: naked claws grasping and raging at the deluge. 
The forest terrified him. Worst of all, it was filled with them.
Strange how he feared them more than the Unionthe Finger People. But they werent people. Frank had no idea what they were, but they werent people. Now Yanks, they were just men. They were just like him. In fact, Frank was from the Union, from Iowa. Not even Jimmy knew that. Jimmy thought he was from those tough Missouri border towns like him. He was used to living in fear of a lynching or a border raid from Kansas. Not Frank. No, Frank may have been afraid of the world, but it wasnt like him to fear man. Well, maybe Father. Or his brother Randy. Definitely Randy.
The forest was huge and black and unbroken. Frank was alone, exposed. He ran. 
He rushed away from the fitful light, splashed across the watery perimeter, and entered the seething dark. He immediately slid down a slope, which had become a stream with the flowing mix of rain and flood. Already he was careening blind and out of control, muck and water rushing past, branches slapping and stabbing. Finally, with a painful jar, he slammed into somethingsomething big.
Water flowed over him to cascade below. He was hanging over a deep, jagged gulch, caught up in a network of branches and fallen logs. He sobbed in the night. Raindrops absorbed all warmth from his tears. 
He was alone, in the dark, in the forest. It was raining; it was winter. 
What had he been thinking? Why hadnt he just stayed where he was, where he was the hero? His shoulder blazed with pain. Every inch of his skin crawled with discomfort, as if he were in a mass of hot worms. He needed Jimmy now more than evereven more than in that Kansas City bar where the big man saved his life. Frank hadnt asked for help then, but Jimmy was there. Now he was begging for it. But he was alone.
Spying movement nearby, Frank froze. A massive form was visible through the web of sticks. He knew instantly it was not one of the Finger People. They were slender and delicate. This was thick. Jimmy! He was crouched at the edge of a creek that fed into the Tennessee River, apparently trying to figure out how to cross. Like everything else, the creek was swollen with all the rain, and it raged over unseen tangles. Eventually he found a way to ford it, using branches over his head to pull himself across. The rush of water was so strong, it pulled his dangling feet nearly horizontal. 
Frank watched in awe. Jimmy wasnt lost in the dark; he was so close! Renewed with hope, Frank extracted his aching body from the tangle and slid deeper into the gulch. Had he not fallen there, Frank would never have found Jimmy. He hadnt really thought about any of that. Hed had no plan. He wasnt a soldier. But found him he did! Maybe fate was on his side after all. Frank crossed the short creek just as Jimmy did and raced through the woods behind him.

* * * * *

The Yankee flotilla was huge. Not just huge, but hopelessly huge. Heavy ironclad gunboats dominated the river in a long line extending into the night. They moored side-by-side, nose to the current, creating a floating bridge of iron turtles. Frank could walk across the river upon their backs! Shadowy figures wavered atop, obscured by the downpour but outlined by a handful of hooded lanterns. Behind the gunboats were dozens and dozens of troop ships. They had all gathered in a mass to consolidate their strength.
Jimmy did not seem to react. He was so brave! He was up ahead of Frank, hiding in the tangle of an uprooted tree. His form was almost impossible to discern, and had Frank not known where to look, he would surely have lost him again. Frank had followed his hero the whole way, meeting the same challenges andeventuallyovercoming them in the same manner. He was as much a part of the mission as Jimmy now. Together but apart, they squatted in the frigid muck at the rivers edge. 
Around the rivers bend Frank could plainly see the unloading of Grants men. They were too numerous to count. Only a few gargantuan firesmade of a dozen tree trunks eachcould compete with the rain. Around the pyres moved many figures. They looked busy, but were not yet marching on Fort Henry. They were on the right side of the river, however. The awe that Frank felt at seeing such a huge operation eclipsed momentarily his fear of the forest.
The first gunboat was not far away. It was tied in several places to a large clump of trees at the rivers edge. The river had already risen so high and so fast that the Yanks were wary of being too close to the shore. Even Frank could see the danger of that, with all the sunken shrubs and stumps. However, the strength of the current had risen, forcing them to moor extra carefully, lest they slip downstream. Thus numerous lines extended from the shore at varying heights above the water, seemingly attached at random to the ironclad.
All the ironclad gunboats were identical in design: long and narrow with sides angled sharply upward. The roof held several structures and two smokestacks. Along the angled front were three closed gun ports, each iron shutter hinged from the top. Four closed gun ports ran along the sides. There was no purchase near the waterline of the sides, just the incline all the way up to the roof. In the front was a short deck, almost a pool in the rain.
Jimmy was moving. 
Frank held his breath. Jimmy had chosen the lowest mooring line and slipped into the waters. Frank quailed at the thought of that icy plunge. He could never understand how people could enter water like that. How were they not scared of drowning? Jimmy progressed with only his head above the water. His whole body, down below, beneath, subject to malicious currents. It would take so little to pull him all the way under. Yet there he was, pulling himself through the icy flow with only one hand! His free hand secured the knapsack above his head. 
Finally Jimmy crawled onto the bow of the gunboat. The very front of the boat had a lip over which he clambered to the deck. On the roof above paced a soldier bearing a hooded lantern. His rounds brought him closer to the bow, closer to the spluttering and shivering Jimmy. Frank watched, his breath caught. As the rain-battered globe of light neared, Jimmy huddled lower beneath the bottom of a leaning iron ladder. But in the heavy rain, the soldier did not see Jimmy from his high vantage. He moved away. 
The gun ports of the turtle were closed to keep out the rain, but were not locked. Jimmy pulled the nearest open and simply slipped inside. He made it look very easy. 
Frank was alone again. He had to follow! 
Awkwardly, Frank worked his way along the shore to where the lines met the cluster of trees. It was not easy navigating because he couldnt walk and he couldnt swim. There were trees, logs, branches, and who knew what else beneath the chilly waters. Though afraid, Frank was able to handle the river so close to the bank because of all the branches to cling to. Once he had to actually thrust himself across six feet of still backwaterno branches to grab, no footing to push. It was almost like swimming! He spluttered to the far bank, shivering but exalted. Frank had successfully made it to the mooring line Jimmy had used to cross over to the gunboat. 
He eyed the waters warily. Now he was scared. If he lost his grip, he would drown. Water flowed by with alarming speed. But there was a rope, he told himself. A rope. He didnt have to swim. 
Unbidden memories assaulted him, of drowning, of fear, ultimately of hate. His brother Randy had been taunting him again, cruel as always, this time over swimming. It had been a beautiful, sunny, and warm dayexactly the opposite of this one. They were on the familiar cliffs overlooking the Missouri River. They lived at a point near Council Bluffs, Iowa, where the landscape was less than cliffs but more than rocks. 
Its just water, Frankie, hed said. You drink it every day. It wont bite you.
Twenty feet down was a sluggish area of current, a swimming hole all the boys played in. All but Frank. 
Im scared. 
Youre always scared. Dont be such a child.
After so many hours of jumping off those very rocks, Randys skin was dripping wet and sunburned. He was so much bigger than Frank. Countless hours working the fields had made his muscles strong as iron. Randy grabbed little Franks arm tightly and pulled him closer to the edge. 
I cant swim, Randy, Frank pleaded. He tried to squirm out from his grip, but Randy was far too powerful. 
You know the best way to learn, right? Randy gloated. His muscles bulged as he hurled his terrified little brother over the edge. 
No, Randy, please! Please dont!
And now, so many years later, Frank actually intended to enter the water, with no one to help him. No devil Randy. No angel Jimmy. 
Reluctantly, Frank slid into the painful embrace of the Tennessee. He gripped that lifeline with everything he had. Hand over hand he pulled across the distance, wincing against the cold. He kept his head above water at all costs, but, like Jimmy, tried to keep everything else submerged. 
It was a horrible, unnatural sensation, being in water so deep. His legs kicked freely, not meeting ground at all! It could have been a mile down into those depths, and he would have never known. Choppy waves slapped his head, making his ears ring. Larger swells began actually topping his head. He coughed and gasped and burbled for breath. Prayers were forced back into his lungs with the icy water. With nothing else to do, Frank grimaced and pressed onward.
The current was so strong and his hands were so numb! He could see himself being ripped from the line and hurled into icy oblivion. The deadly river was so widea vast plain of turbulent peril. He sobbed aloud as he crossed those twenty feet of dread. Hot tears slid down his cheeks, slapped away by brutal waters. 
Give me Yankees! Give me Finger People! He didnt care. That horrible gulf was worse than them all. It was the most terrifying moment of his entire life. 
But he did it. Despite the powerful forces pulling at him and his weak, numbed hands, he braved those waves. Just like Jimmy. He pulled up weakly onto the flat edge of the bow. Somehow he resisted the urge to lie there and cry. He was exposed, and the task was not yet completethis was only the beginning! Frank crawled through the rain and darkness to hide beneath the lip of the angled ladder Jimmy had hidden behind. Unlike him, Frank was small enough to be fully hidden beneath. He was sorely tempted to stay right there. 
Frank squinted up into the rain, seeking the glow of the guards lantern. It was close, so he didnt move. He stuck his hands into his armpits to keep them warm. Thus Frank shivered and waited, having no idea what to do next. The river extended in darkness several miles to the south before reaching Fort Henry. He wondered what the boys thought when they discovered their dinner was unfinished. Certainly they never would have dreamed of their stupid cook braving a secret mission, deep in enemy territory!
The attack was sudden, and something straight out of a nightmare.
A huge black shape loomed up from the turbulent, night waters. A giant black monster rushed straight at Frank with amazing speed. It was a gargantuan beast with flailing tentacles. What the hell? Franks heart leapt into his mouth, preventing his cry for the Lords mercy. Seconds after emerging from the blackness and rain, an entire uprooted tree smashed into the gunboat. 
The whole ironclad gunboatall five hundred tons of itshuddered from the blow. Faring no better than cannonballs, slimy branches were rebuffed and shredded upon impact with the metal sides. But so powerful was the force of impact that the entire bow was hammered down, down into the water. The river poured over the lip of the deck, gobbling everything loose, everything not loose, everything. Down further went the bow, swallowing the deck as far up as the angled ladder. Frank, huddled beneath the ladder, was instantly submerged. Then the current ripped him loose, too. 
Cast into the swirling turbulence, Frank was free-falling, but not free. The huge tree clung to the gunboat like a kraken. Black tentacles gripped everythingdeck, gunwales, ladders, allwith impossible strength. Their reach was vast, clawing into the sky, into the depths. Frank, too, gripped and grappled, desperate to cling to whatever he could, anything to keep the current from pulling him into oblivion. Somehow his hands closed upon a mooring line. 
Voices shouted from the roof. Yanks raced to the front, and Frank had mere moments to act. Fighting the surging waters that now immersed the whole bow, he used the mooring line to haul himself back toward shore. He shrugged off and through the ruined tree, using it and the chaos to hide his presence from the enemy. The mooring line was his salvation, but not for long. It no longer wriggled in the water, but grew tight. He could feel, if not sense, the gunboat pulling away. The whole line of iron turtles was starting to waver and disperse. The gunboat was leaving the shore!
Behind him Yanks mounted the submerged ladder. Some carried lanterns mounted on poles, others wielded axes. Lethal soldiers, lethal waters, lethal trees! How could so much terror happen to such an insignificant man? The mooring line became taut as a bowstring. 
The rope snapped. 


Im scared.
Youre always scared. Dont be such a child. 
I cant swim, Randy.
You know the best way to learn, right?


The mooring line had hung several feet above the turbulent waters, but now he dropped like a rock. The water closed up tight over his head. He screamed. Water filled his mouth and lungs. When he bobbed to the surface, he began choking and gagging and spluttering. He wanted to scream further, but couldnt. He lost grip of the rope like a helpless child.
The current tossed him about effortlessly, but he managed to keep the line within loosened hands. He tried so hard to squeeze the rope with enough strength to save him, but seemed incapable. The current was too strong, his hands too numb, his will too weak. His greatest fears were realized: no man was strong enough to stop a river. The ironclad raced past his blurred vision, even as he slapped a hand to it in a vain attempt for purchase.
Memories came flashing through his mind in rapid succession. Too fast they came, too fast to identify before being replaced by another. He was assaulted by childhood Fathers death running away meeting Jimmy joining the Confederacy because Jimmy did. The one thing Frank recalled fully was his earlier thought in the river, when he was scared of the boat tipping. He had wanted to drown rather than burden Jimmy. He was far too saturated with fear for any such noble thoughts now. 
Then came a jarring halt. He collided with somethingbranches he guessed. It saved his life. In that split second of eased current, Frank gripped the rope with a strength born of terror. He hung in the current, then thumped into the gunboat. As he scrambled, his feet found purchase. Miraculously, hed made it to the end of the mooring line. It had been attached to a thick branch, but all had ripped apart when the flooded tree struck the gunboat. Now the freed mooring line flapped loosely in the current, and Frank stood upon the once-securing branch. The rope, originally wrapped around the branch, had unwound to a length of one hundred fee. This placed Frank right beside the stern of the gunboatright beside the lip of the stern deck. With unbelievably good fortune, he lurched over the rail and fell onto the deck. All attention was elsewhere, and he spluttered in the darkness alone. 
More memories flooded over, unrelenting and unwelcome.
My God! his mother had cried. Randall, what happened?
Nearly frantic, she took the weakened and sobbing young boy from his brother. Randy had carried him all the way from the swimming hole to the house. Even his rock-hard muscles were stretched to their limit. He was unyielding as he handed handing his little brother over.
I tried to teach him how to swim, he muttered with disgust. Hes so stupid
Randall Billinghouse! Mother screeched. You be quiet this instant!
He looked defiant, but did as told. 
Francis, Francis, are you all right? she demanded, patting his face and frantically wiping back his damp forehead. Finally safe in his mothers embrace, Frank wagged his finger accusingly at Randy. 
He threw me into the river! the boy cried. 
Randy exploded in protest. Hes scared of everything, Mother! I thought he could at least learn to swim!
Randall! You know you scared him half to death last night with your stories of skeletons and the River of Death. Leave him be!
And you, Francis, she said looking to the boy. Should thank your brother.
Frank stared at his mother, mouth agape. He looked utterly betrayed. Thank him? He did this to me! I hate him!
We dont hate in this house, young man.
She turned to regard Randy coolly. You pulled him from the water?
He nodded glumly.
You will not always have someone there to save you, Francis, his mother chastised. Not everything in this world needs to be frightening. Would you rather be scared of water your whole life, or simply learn to swim? Then you wont have to be afraid ever again.
I dont want to learn to swim, Frank whined. 
The day you face your fears, Francis, is the day you defeat them.
Randy, Frank whispered fiercely to the rain, You smug bastard. This time I pulled myself out.




5

ESSEX




FRANK FLOPPED ONTO THE STERN like a fish. The rain fell carelessly upon the sobbing, overwhelmed man. He slithered up under the angled ladder in the stern exactly as he had in the bow. No one came by, as all free hands had been called to the fore. 
He lost track of how long he lay there. Eventually he recognized voices, but could not detect from where they came. The gun ports, he finally realized. A crack of light split the night where the heavy iron door met the armor. He shifted and shuffled to hide directly beneath it. Cocking his head in the rain, Frank strained to hear what was being said. 
 starboard with Steele, the carpenter. We need you both right away. Lines are snappin, too. The whole formations gone.
Franks eyes widened in fear upon hearing those words. He squinted through the rain to the dark immensity of the forest edge. It was almost out of sight. Several mooring lines trailed in the water, but there was no question the entire configuration of gunboats was separating. The waters of the Tennessee River surged and swelled all around, locking in Frank as securely as a prison door.
He heard the men leaving, complaining, and exclaiming about the collision of the uprooted tree. The crack of light wavered, then shadowed. After another moment of silence, Frank was sure they were gone. He gingerly tested the gun port, checking if it was unlocked. It was.
Jimmy had made it look easy, but when Frank tried to squeeze beneath the iron shutter, he thought it was going to crush him. To survive an attack by a tree, only to die in a window! But through he got, even managing to prevent the heavy shutter from clanging shut behind him. He nearly broke his fingers doing so. The sill of the window was amazingly thick, measuring some sixteen inches of wood behind a full inch of iron. No wonder the tree hadnt crashed through the walls! Once inside, Frank relaxed a bit. The driving patter of rain had finally quit his ears. Only his panting was loud now, and the echoes of pandemonium from afar. 
Alone in the dark. Again. 
Nearby a door was bolted open, providing a glimpse of a paneled hallway. Light from within spilled outward. He dared not enter yet, not until he understood better where he was. Darkness receded with time. Frank was not actually inside a room, but rather crouching on one enormous interior deck. The entire vessel was encircled by it, thus allowing both guns and men to move freely to any side, at any time. The heart of the boat had a conventional layout with rooms and such, with only the outer, iron-skinned walls angledto deflect cannonballs and trees, apparently. The back wall, through which Frank had climbed, was pierced by three gun ports. An indeterminate number extended up the side. He couldnt imagine the scene during an attackthe deafening roar of the guns, the roiling smoke, searing heatall contained inside a can. Old smoke hung yet in the air, as did the tang of oil.
Frank was in no hurry to explore further. He had been through more stress than hed ever endured in his life. He would be content so long as he was in the darkness and silence. But he had to keep going. Jimmy needed him. Jimmy had entered the gunboat from the front. Thats where all the Yanks were going, to fight the tree. Thats where Frank had to go, too. 
Frank worked his way down the side of the ship. He crept between the cannon and the closed gun ports, so if an interior door opened suddenly, he would not be exposed. There he was, surrounded by enemies! He was a spy, sent on a secret mission for his country. Grimace turned to smile. He skirted a dim pyramid of stacked shotthen tripped over an iron ring in the floorboards. He nearly cried out.
This was no time for games, Francis Billinghouse, no time for that at all! 
Considerable noise was being generated from the front of the ship. Echoes filled the corridors. He could hear men running above on the roof, could hear them shouting before on the bow, and could hear them now quietly discussing what to do with the captured spy.
Franks heart leapt into his throat, and he nearly gagged. 
They had Jimmy!
Frank crouched beside a heavy cannon wrestled up by a wooden transport. The thick iron smelled still warm, somehow, though it no longer was to the touch. Sound carried through the gunboat easily. The voices were quite clear. Safe from wandering eyes, he listened. 
What was he doing when you found him, Mr. Kellogg? a gravelly voice said. 
He came from the bow just before the tree hit, replied a voice yet marked with the timbre of youth. I think he was heading toward the boilers.
The boilers, eh? What were you planning on doing there, Reb? What, no answer?
He only had a knife, sir, the high voice offered. And these.
Thank you, Mr. Kellogg. 
Silence followed. Frank could only hear voices, not actions.
So what are these? the gravelly voice wondered aloud. 
Mr. Rosenmiller figured explosives, Kellogg answered. 
Bah! They just look like lumps of coal. Of course, not even a Rebs stupid enough to sneak onto an enemy ship and add more coal to their bunker.
Jimmy! Frank had an urge to scream like a maniac and rush through the halls until he found him. But that was idiotic. He was no warrior. He didnt even have a weapon. The reality was that Frank was too cold, wet, and scared to act on his own. Until he sensed the right moment and overcame his fear, Jimmy would be on his own. But Frank owed Jimmy everything. He would rescue himhe would! Jimmy had more than earned that much. 
Sir! another voice called from further away. Captain Porter, sir!
What? the gravelly voice growled. 
Weve snagged a torpedo!
What? Tell me details, man!
It may have been pulled up from the rains, but its currently surfaced and tangled in the tree. 
Tangled in the tree? That buys us time, but if it gets loose, it could still explode when it hes running! Kellogg, catch him!
Frank gripped the belly of the cannon tightly. Jimmy was making a run for it! Oh, Jimmy, Godspeed!
Careful, yet another voice cried. Hes a big one! It took four men to hold him.
Grunts, thumps. A cry of pain. The sudden thunder of a slamming iron shutter jarred through the ship. As it echoed throughout the gunboat, the Yankees started screaming to one another. Hes overboard! Starboard! Starboard!
Footsteps pounded on the floorboards. Jimmy had made it! He was an amazing swimmer; he showed them! Pride filled Franks cold and inactive body. He just hunched beside the cannon, grinning like a fool, when the light approached. Shadows stretched on the walls, swaying wildly as lantern-bearing men neared. Only then did Frank realize that he was about to be captured. 
He scrambled backward and pushed against the nearest gun port. The iron shutter was incredibly heavy, but Frank had no difficulty opening it. No doubt that fear made him strong. He leaned over the thick ledge and poked his head out, trying to find the rivers edge in the dark. He could not. All he saw was wildly bucking and pitching water, frothing right below him. No ropes led to the bank anymore. The vessel was out in the middle of the river. 
The River Styx!
No, the Tennessee River, Frank reminded himself. He whispered terse encouragement to himself. You already survived this once, Francis Billinghouse. You can do it again. 
He had only a split-second to take the plunge. Jimmy was already swimming to freedom. Frank had to join him, now or never. He took a few deep breaths, gripped the ledge but just couldnt do it. He was just too damned scared. With great caredespite the severe lack of timeFrank eased the iron shutter closed. 

* * * * *

Frank raced toward the back of the boat. He ran for all he was worth, though he knew that was so very little. He didnt care if he was seen running. He just wanted distance from the enemy. He wanted darkness. Behind him, several soldiers rushed to the foremost cannonright where Frank had beenand pushed open the gun port. One stuck out a hooded lantern, the other the barrel of a rifle.
You see him?
Naw, cant see nothin in this damned rain.
Terrified of capture, Frank squeezed below a cannon. Its warm bulk seemed to press down on his chest, yet deeper below he dug. Each ragged pant of fear made him feel more claustrophobic. The space was so tight he could not take a full breath.
Now he heard more men. They were everywhere. Doors were opening, vomiting men with lanterns, men with rifles. Frank slid further and further beneath the big cannon, squeezing into more and more pain. A light-bearing soldier ran past, so close Frank felt the wind rush. Any chance he had of escaping was completely gone. Every soldier on the gunboat was mobilized. Whimpering quietly, Frank waited for his capture. 
More memories came to him, unbidden, still unwelcome. He focused on his breathing. With each deep breath, the crushing weight felt closer and closer. It was so hard to breathe, he wondered if drowning felt like this. His mind sank in memories.
Father had died from an accident on the farm, crushed beneath a team of oxen. He had never liked his younger son, but had bowed to Mothers fierce protection. After years of unsuccessfully trying to make a farmer out of the boy, he had finally allowed him to help his mother in the house. Randy had laughed. But after Fathers death, Randys years of sneaking abuses matured into true torture.
Mother, Randall had said. If Frankie cant work on the farm, hes not welcome in this house.
Of course hes welcome, Randall. Dont be absurd.
With one less man in the house, there is too much work. Ill give him one week to prove his worth. If not, Ill use his space for someone who can.
Franks mother had fought tenaciously, but ultimately Randall ran the farm. After four excruciating days of unrelenting toil, Frank realized the truth. He knew what would happen. Rather than let Randall have the satisfaction of driving him out, he ran away. 
It was a terrible time to leave Council Bluffs. The town was still abuzz with President Lincolns visit with Grenville Dodge. They had decided that Council Bluffs would be the launching site for a new railroad. A transcontinental railroad, they called it, all the way to the ocean! But they didnt need workers for months yet. Frank had no choice but to make his way south to the meatpacking town of Kansas City. 
Kansas City was a frontier crossroads of sorts, filled with meatpackers, cattlemen, and teamsters. It was a rough town with rough peopleand a whole new world for Frank. He was unafraid of the prospect of living there because he was unaware. That soon changed. 
His very first day in Kansas City had nearly been his very last day on earth. While simply having dinner in the boarding house, alone at a table, a brawl broke out. A small but seasoned group of dust-covered teamsters had been mouthing off to a larger and younger crowd of Irish meatpackers. Frank had been ignoring them all in favor of his soup. Suddenly the whole table was flipped over. Frank was thrown backwards, chair collapsing beneath him. He landed awkwardly on his back, the table flat on his chest. His lungs were soon struggling for air, but he was unable to remove the table. Nor was he able to call for aid. There was a dreadful screeching and then the table pressed downward even harder. Frank was being crushed to death. 
Slowly the world had faded. His choking breath was hot, made hotter as it pushed back in. Soon he no longer felt the wood in his face, but only a tingling. It enveloped his entire body, his entire being. He tried to ignore it, tried to focus on his breathing. He challenged his chest to move. It did less and less. Stars glimmered at the edge of his vision. Soon they were streaking across it.
Theres someone under there, damn you!" The voice bellowed, but sounded so far away. 
Knock it off, or Ill bloody every last one of you! You want a brawl? Ill give you a brawl!
Crashes. Cries of pain, fleeing footsteps felt through floorboards. Blackness
You two! Help me lift these shelves, or Ill do the same to both of you, by God, and to all your friends! Now, lift! And the table!"
A stranger had saved Frank. A stranger had fought and bested an entire group of men. Yet here Frank was, giving up on his own life, pressed up under a cannon. Was that any way to thank his savior? But what could he do? Frank could only hide. And hide he did. Over time, voices lessened. All grew quiet. Hours of silence commenced, but he was still too scared to move. Every time Frank worked up the courage, he would see a guard stomping around the gun bay. 
Hours of agony later, the black of night eased into gray. Two Union men wrestled open the heavy ports all along the gun bay, one by one. A deep, warm mist filled the view outside. They stomped right next to Franks covering cannon. He held his breath, but realized they were intent on other matters. Their work took them further away. He was still safe, but not for long. Morning had finally come. 
The Union flotilla was mobilizing for battle. 
Frank cursed himself for having squandered umpteen opportunities to escape. Once again, time was running out. Once again, he was only acting at the very last second. He pulled his aching body out from beneath the cannon. He massaged the two dead lumps of clay that were his legs. When feeling finally returned, it did so with a vengeance. Pain exploded through his entire body; a hot blaze rushed in his legs, all over his skin. Every inch burned with lacerations, clearly revealed through the shredded ruins of his clothing. What cloth remained was stained reddish brown with dried blood.
He shuffled from corner to corner, hiding behind open doors and stacks of shot. He just didnt know where to go. With great dread, he stared at the open gun ports. With great fear, he nuzzled up to an opening. The waves flashed by as this and a half-dozen other gunboats all steamed up the river, intent on destruction. Voices neared. 
Once again, time was running out. Once again, it was now or never. 
Once again, Frank couldnt do it. He just couldnt brave those awful waters, not even for freedom. 
Men began filling the gun bays. Thinking quickly, Frank fled the only direction left to him: deeper inside. If everyone were preparing for war, no one would be in his bunk, right? Shuffling through the corridor, he slipped into an empty sleeping berth. Within moments, he was lying below a cot, mercifully able to extend his legs. Better yet, he could breathe! In the darkened chamber, he wriggled his toes, still trying to get feeling in them. 
The sounds of activity met his ears, muffled through the walls. He felt the gunboat moving up the Tennessee. He sensed the business-like attitude in the air consuming everyone. Rumbling and shaking and readying turned into attack. 
All the guns fired simultaneously, just as they had before. The entire 500-ton gunboat recoiled at the amount of energy being hurled at Fort Henry. Frank whimpered, knowing full well the dread his companions must be feeling. Jimmy was surely on the ramparts right now.
Volley after volley was thrown, but Fort Henry was not accepting the attack lightly. Her cannon barked back a mighty protest. Frank heard the explosion of shells, the shouts of men, the fear, the pain. Occasionally the gunboat would rock as if it were a mere toy struck by a giant hammer. 
Surprisingly calm in his hiding spot, Frank mentally addressed the situation. He knew he had to act. He couldnt cower under the cot forever! A flash of hope crossed his mind. What if he revealed he was from the North? He was from Iowa! But no, a rebel was a rebel, no matter his origins. Frank was obviously not a Yankee soldier, and how would he have gotten there? No, he was a spy in their eyes. 
Frank wished Jimmy were there. He would think of something. He always did. But Jimmy wasnt there. It was just Francis Billinghouse. If he was going to get out of this situation, there must be no more fear, no more pretend heroism. He had to act. 
On his own.
	
* * * * *

The bedraggled cook eased out from beneath the berth. He heard the chaos of the gun bays. It sounded worse than he even imagined it. The boat shuddered with raw power. Yet his salvation lay within. The challenge was not to get past themthey were all busy attacking the fort, not looking for an unknown spy. The challenge was not even to get through an open gun portsurely there were some in the rear open and currently unused. Frank had to swim to shore. 
He breathed in deeply, focusing. No more false heroics. It was time to swim. Not for damned Randy. Not even for Jimmy. For Frank.
He stepped to the door and halted, listening reflexively. He cursed himself for a fool. It was pointless to listen for soundsthe cannon had deafened everyone onboard! Further, the smoke was thick. But sneaking around wasnt the challenge he feared. Stepping into the hallway, he crouched in the smoke. Which way faced shore? He imagined the gunboat was facing Fort Henry, which meant the left side would be closest to the shore. 
Look! a voice shouted above the din. 
Frank, terrified, dropped into a full crouch. The smoke obscured him, but did not hide him. 
The voice referred not to the stowaway, however. It came from afar, borne by the swirl of smoke. Theyve got barely half a dozen guns left! The restr all drowned!
Curious, Frank eased forward. 
Mr. Riley, swing her around, a gravelly voice responded. Frank recognized the voice as the one hed heard the night before. It continued, Shes only got what, that one Columbiad left thatll harm us? Lets give her a full broadside, then. Put all the port guns on her.
A broadside, Frank thought. Hed forgotten about that. The man said a port broadside. Wasnt a port a city on the sea? Frank didnt know it was a side, too. So which side was it? Which side was facing shore? 
Aye aye, Capn Porter, sir.
Suddenly a memory hit Frank. Captain Porteras in Dirty Bill Porter! Frank had overheard General Tilghman mention he was captain of the Essex. It, too, had been amid smoke and noise. How ironic that the very next day Frank would be overhearing the opposite commander!
The gunboat shifted beneath Franks feet. With the swirling of sight, the pounding in his ears, and now the very floor moving, he fell into the wall.
No, no! the voice continued. Keep her nose to the main, for Gods sake, Mr. Riley! Port broadside.
Aye aye, sir.
Pour it into her, Mr. Riley. I will return in a moment.
The roaring of the guns suddenly dulled as the gunboat steamed around. Frank felt the throbbing of the engines and boilers beneath his feet. Still swaying from the movement of the boat and the incessant noise, he did not realize how precarious his location was. He could just imagine how angry Jimmy would be for his just standing there like a bump on a log. Just like the one time he got angry, right after saving Franks life.
The gravelly voice continued, Like taking candy from a babe.
Suddenly two men materialized from the smokedirectly in front of Frank. One was apparently a junior officer and the other was obviously none other than Dirty Bill Porter himself! 
All three men froze in shock. Despite the smoke, there was no mistaking that all three were looking at the enemy. 
Porters hand dropped to his revolver. 
What happened next, Frank would never, ever forget. 
The junior officers head exploded in a gory burst of blood, bone, and teeth. A huge solid shot dropped through the ceiling, through the mans head, and on down through the floor. A split second later, it punctured a boiler. A ghastly mix of fire and gallons of boiling water burst forth.
The world erupted in a wall of super-heated steam and pain. The gunboat literally lurched out of the water, sixteen-inch, iron-clad walls crumpling outward as if they were made of papier-mch. Screams rose, but not as fast as the steam that destroyed everything in its path.
Both men were hurled aside like rag dolls. Frank saw flashes of chaotic imagery as he tumbled along like any other piece of debris. A man on his knees, in the act of extracting a shell from a box, took the flashing steam square in the face. He melted in just the half-second Frank saw him. Captain Porter was jettisoned off the gunboat when a whole section exploded outward. Frank would have been, too, had he not collided with an intact wall of the gun bay.
	
* * * * *

Frank lay mangled in a tangle of boards and wreckage in the gun bay. All around were men, some living, most not. The few pitiful survivors tried to extricate themselves from the chaos. Many had been struck directly by the steam and were now only gruesome ruins. One man was nothing more than a hideous, skinless corpse still standing beside a cannon that had been knocked askance. How the explosion could shift a bronze cannon but not topple a corpse was a marvel. 
Franks back was ablaze in agony. The pain was so intense it actually aided his clarity of thought: he was spurred into action. He could see the gunboat spinning wildly out of control. Through the mist and smoke, he saw the rivers edge nearing fast. 
Groaning pitifully, he wriggled free of debris and lay flat on the floor. Looming beside him was a massive cannon, radiating heat and smoke. Hot water dripped from its pitted bronze surface. Frank lurched up to its open port. The river had risen to amazing heights, and the forests edge was flooded, dangerous, close. The gunboat careened toward the trees, obviously at the mercy of the current. 
Like a fishermans catch mindlessly flopping to the edge of the boat, Frank slumped onto the wide lip of the gun port, then dropped into freedom. He landed not in the dreaded river, but into a nest of tangled branches.
The gunboat, out of control and badly mauled, rammed the trees. Splinters, twigs, branches, and boles were all cast aside like leaves in a tornado, trunks snapped like toothpicks. Somewhere in the nightmare was Frank. The Essex recoiled from the collision and drifted helplessly downstream, mortally wounded.
Frank only knew was that he was actually alivehalf-submerged and thoroughly injured, but alive. Breathing hurt, his flesh crumbled, his mind spun. He vaguely recalled seeing red, and that his eyes stung. Scrunching them shut, his whole world kept spinning and spinning. He lost consciousness.




6

SPOILS




HE HAD ESCAPED THE RIVER Styx, but upon which shore had he awoken? Earth or Hades?
Six Union gunboats steamed toward Fort Henry, churning the swollen river into a wild, frothing beast. They were so close their gun elevations were nearly flat. White smoke belched out repeatedly, spitting fire that punched cleanly through the sodden earthworks and shattered the walls mercilessly. The four remaining ironclads were right at Henrys doorstep, pushing to within two hundred yards, while two timberclads remained in the rear, firing aloft. 
The ugly waters of the Tennessee had enveloped the beach that once fronted Fort Henry, and they had swamped the entire front array of cannon. Frantic Confederate soldiers ran erratically along the bulwarks and walls, while others waded through the flooded ramparts seeking safety. Fort Henry was no longer a stone fortress, but a sinking battleship. 
The sounds of chaos were faint and reached Frank only after some delay. He was not so far away, however. Everything seemed unreal. His hearing was off. A ringing echoed in his head, pulsing in time to a throbbing headache unlike anything hed ever experienced. 
But he was alive!
Frank untangled himself from the nest of ruined branches and mauled trunks. Broken boards and bits of flotsam littered the area, and several bodies of Union men floated nearby. Upriver, perhaps twenty feet away, lay Captain Porter. He, too, slept partly immersed in the water and tangled in the branches. 
The blasts of Union cannon commenced even faster now. Fifteen-second fuses were cut to ten, then soon to only five-second delays. The massive stone defenses of Fort Henry disintegrated under the systematic onslaught. Smoke pulsed from the ironclads, white gunpowder clouds mingling with black from the boilers in a light breeze. The Stars and Stripes snapped gleefully from the machines. The flotilla pushed ever closer, fighting the rushing current with ease. 
His eye burned, and he realized it was bloody. A cut above his brow bristled with congealed blood. Dirty river water eased the sting. He speculated that he had slept for some time. Yes, the sun was much higher in the sky. 
Frank felt the urge to giggle but was far too stiff to actually do it. He was alive! His entire body ached to the point of madness, but he was alive! Attacked by a tree, smashed under a cannon, mauled by an ironclad, and nearly drowned, but alive!
The fort was not faring well. Floodwater streamed through the sally port. In the air was absent the call of the Columbiad. It was one of only two cannon powerful enough to damage an ironclad. It had certainly proven disastrous for the Essex. Five iron beasts yet remained, however. Clustering around the fort were no troop transportsthey werent even needed. The armored gunboats alone had been more than a match for the Confederates. Fort Henry was ruined. Everyone was dead.
Now Frank knew upon which shore he had awoken.
Fighting pain with every movement, Frank lurched over to Captain Porter. Though mostly submerged, his shoulder and head were held above water by a tangle of branches. Amazingly, he yet lived. His chest moved, if irregularly, causing an uneven suction in the mud. Franks eyes fell on the captains revolver, still in its holster. The man hadnt had the chance to grab it when he discovered the stowaway.
Frank scrambled away from the rivers edge and worked through the forest. He had no hope of finding the boys alive. After all hed been through, Frank just wanted to find a sunny, dry patch of ground and sleep! But another, very different feeling was burning within him. His fear had faded. He had been through hell and backand survived. Frank was no longer the man hed been just yesterday. 
He gazed through the edge of the woods to the fort. The silence was oppressive, perhaps amplified by his own cannon-blasted hearing. But no more did smoke roll from the ramparts. No more did the boys fight. Yet some Confederates survived. Behind Fort Henry, men gathered in the flooded perimeter. Upon further observance, Frank saw they were more organized than he had initially thought. This was a strategic retreat. Tilghman was no fool: he had known all along that Fort Henry could not withstand the Unions advance. Yes, thats rightJimmy had mentioned it last night. They had intended to make their stand at Fort Donelson. 
Fort Henry was drained of its lifeblood: its soldiers. Soon nothing was left but an empty, lifeless shell. The boysdowntrodden, filthy, exhaustedrambled as hastily as possible down the muddy road. Frank moved to join them. He didnt know how he could manage the twelve-mile hike, but he had to try. He slogged through the ankle-deep water of Fort Henrys perimeter, intent upon the road and stopped dead in his tracks. 
The figure of a huge man lay crumpled in the mud at the forests edge. Hed been abandoned by the others, just another fallen comrade, just another dead body. Franks stomach fluttered, and he felt queasy. That massive form looked very much like
Jimmy!
Frank sloshed as fast as his beaten body would allow. He no longer felt any pain, only a stinging in his eyes. He pushed his body past all endurance but was not the first to reach Jimmys body.

* * * * *

Frank stared, transfixed in denial. Flashbacks of yesterday overwhelmed him. He had been stricken motionless then, too, when the strange creatures with the white faces and long fingers stole corpses. He saw them racing through the fort, he saw them crawling over the stacked cadavers, he saw them in his nightmares. Now he saw them with Jimmy. 
Three of the shaggy, greasy beasts emerged from the trees and circled Jimmys motionless form. They crouched down at his side, ready, but with their round eyes glancing about nervously. Frank was again struck by the resemblance of their faces to those of owls: white and round, with huge rounded eye sockets and a tiny mouth. He was also struck by their behavior. Though horrible, they were not predators. They were skittish, like prey. 
Frank could not see what they were doing, but he knew nonetheless. He had seen it before, had seen those bizarre fingers working over a body, over a face, with disgusting tenderness. Frank still saw them playing with Reebers mustache. He still saw the look of terror in his eyes as the man was taken to God only knows. He still saw Reeber cry his name. The images were all different, suddenlywashed in red. Conviction enervated Frank. They would not have Jimmy!
But the soldiers had already moved on. The Finger People had waited until the men had departed down the road. How would hea mere cookstop them? Frank tore his glance away from those horrid, creepy fingers wrapping around Jimmys arms and legs. With his deafened hearing, the image was strangely unreal. 
He scampered over to another fallen Confederate face down in the muck. Frank couldnt see who it was. He didnt want to. At that moment, he didnt care. Frank snatched up the soldiers fallen rifle.
It was heavy, perhaps ten pounds, and over a yard long. Frank put the weapon to his shoulder and aimed it at the back of the creature closest to Jimmy. It was not far away, perhaps fifteen yards. Franks body throbbed with anger, with fear. He had aimed many rifles in his life, but never a military musket. It was so heavy! The sights shook, but he knew what to do.
He pulled the trigger. 
Nothing. 
It wasnt loaded! Frank scanned its length, desperately seeking how to reload the weapon. Why didnt this man have a simple rifle or shotgun like so many others? The weapon looked like a normal percussion lock, but nothing like a hunting rifle. The brass buttplate was stamped Royal Small Arms Factory. This was one of those Enfield rifles. He didnt know how to fire a British musket! 
He dropped the weapon in the mud and hauled on the Confederates heavy body. Pulling him partially over, Frank tugged a cap pouch from beneath. A shoulder strap held another pouch, heavy with paper-wrapped cartridges. They were slick with mud, but not actually wet. Would they still work? Furious at his ignorance, Frank squeezed them impotently in his fist. 
Once all those awful creatures fingers were wrapped fully around Jimmys beefy arms and legs, three Finger People hauled him up onto shaggy shoulders. Despite his huge size, they did not have difficulty lifting him. And then they were gone, disappeared into the forest with their prize. Their prize, Franks friend! 
Just before the forest swallowed them all, Jimmy feebly struggled. He was still alive! Oh, Jimmy, whats going to happen? 
Nausea overwhelmed Frank. Guilt struck him dumb. First Reeber, now Jimmy! He could not accept this! He would not accept this! By God, even if he was already dead, there was no way Frank was going to let them take Jimmy Gambauer! Jimmy had risked his life to save others. Frank owed him enough to see his body rest in peace.
Resolve grappled with self-loathing.
Frank turned and ran the other direction. 

* * * * *

Sloshing frantically through the swampy forest at the rivers edge, Frank took to the snarled branches. He was almost surprised when he heard the cannon continuing to blast from the Tennessee River. He was in another world, his own personal world of sheer awfulness. Mere moments ago he had escaped the doomed Essex with the aid of these branches, but now he cursed them. 
A bullet sped past his head. Another struck the water, splashing with a pop. Droplets struck Franks face. Sudden fear pulsed through him as the realization of his complete vulnerability took hold. 
The whole line of Union gunboats now encircled Fort Henry. The nearest was only forty yards away! The Carondelet, it was called, its roof teeming with armed Yanks. Barrels bristled in Franks direction, and puffs of white smoke erupted. A barrage of bullets zinged past, perilously close.
A boat was already approaching, halfway between him and the gunboat. It was loaded with armed soldiers. They rowed in perfect unison, revealing the precision of experienced fighting men. Those not rowing were pulling muskets to shouldersaiming at Frank. 
He leapt behind a clump of trees and fought the fear blossoming inside. He peeked cautiously. The skiff was not directed at him, but angling further downstream. The soldiers examined the rivers edge with sharp eyes, like birds of prey scanning for rodents. Franks own eyes followed the boats apparent course, and he growled. It just wasnt fair! They were heading directly toward his destination.
Anger swept through him. He didnt have time for thisthe Finger People were taking Jimmy! But he couldnt move. He was thoroughly rooted to the spot as if he were just another stump in the swamp. Panting, his mind raced. Was it worth the risk? He had to! 
For Jimmy!
Frank launched off the tree and raced along the chaotic edge. Water splashed, but he slopped through. Branches snagged, but he tore through. He had to beat the Yankees. It was a race, then. A race to Captain Porter. 
The man appeared partially conscious, shifting slightly in the tangle just ahead. Muskets fired behind, bullets thumped ahead. 
Cease fire! came a faint cry, barely heard through the buzzing in Franks head. Youll hit him! Dont let the Rebs capture that officer!
Regardless, another volley of fire screamed through the air. The water boiled with bullets. The Union boat was merely twenty feet away now, and nearly every soldier stood with rifle aimed. Yet they withheld their fire. The turbulent Tennessee was finally an ally as it rocked their boat wildly. The Union soldiers could not dare fire their weapons with such erratic movement, lest they hit Porter. 
Suddenly the boat struck a submerged log and everyone aboard tumbled forward. While the soldiersso maddeningly close!scrambled for their footing, Frank leapt over the fallen captain. Without ceremony, he struggled with the unconscious man. Behind him, too silent for his buzzing ears to detect, the boat slid up to the shore. Frank found the prize he sought, and turned just in time to see a rifle swinging at his head. 
He dropped flat, crying out. A Union soldier had leapt off the boat before the others, and in his hurry had overreached his mark. The Yank stumbled in the marshy water and dropped his weapon, clutching at branches. Frank scrambled away, nearly hysterical with fear. Seconds later he was slogging through the woods to safety. The Yankees did not follow, but instead continued with their objective, which was to gather up the fallen Captain Porter. Mercifully, they did not shoot the fleeing Reb in his back. 
Frank rushed through the sodden forest. His nearly fatal encounter with the Yanks left him giddy, which he used to fuel his pursuit. He rushed through the mossy, damp trunks recklessly. Where was Jimmy now? Frank knew the road to Fort Donelson was on his right. Surely the Finger People would avoid that, considering the whole remainder of the Fort Henry garrison had gone that way. 
There!
In the distance, a dark cluster of movement. The three Finger People appeared, so very slender beneath their burden, yet moving with amazing swiftness. Frank followed, pushing his battered body as fast as he could. He leapt from tree to tree, desperately seeking a hint of Jimmys condition, a clue of what to do. Their swift pace could nearly outdo Frank. To keep up, he pushed harder, panted louder. He didnt care if he revealed himself. Somehow, he knew any encounter would not end in combat. They did, however, move faster to escape with their treasure. Frank began to lose ground. 
More movement. Frank slammed against a tree, breath ragged, burning. There, in the far gray of the forestmore Finger People approached. They, too, were laden with spoils. Franks stomach roiled in disgust, in despair. Two of the creatures held a motionless Confederate on their shoulders. Sure enough, the two groups met up and consolidated into a single line.
Frank against five? Impossible!
He trailed along after, now more cautiously hiding his presence. He had seen a full score of the creatures in Fort Henry. What if they grew aggressive when reinforced with numbers? Was the entire group here, too? He didnt want to fight them all. He didnt want to fight any of them. He just wanted Jimmy back. 
A mile passed, over foothills and through gullies turbulent with flood, then another. Dampness began taking a toll, making his aches more unbearable with each ugly mile. The approach of noon did not bring added warmth. The temperature was plummeting. Each sawing, panting breath added to the clouds.
The forest opened to a clearingonce farmland, now swamped. The Finger People traced a winding path through clumps of vegetation and around shrubs, toward a collapsed building. Nearly level with the earth, the remains were now nothing more than a huge jumble of broken, split timber. 
Frank hid behind the ruins of a lean-to, roof heavy with fallen leaves, slats knotted and mossy. The flimsy structure was wide but shallow. An old still was covered in dirty cloth, an old stove covered in grime. Surprisingly, the shelf held a collection of tins still dry, despite the storm. Through missing slats, Frank sought his quarry. They had vanished!
Frank frowned. All five had gone from his sight. He scanned the wet trunks of the forest, the soggy clumps of the swamp. Nothing. Behind the ruined structure, the clearing stretched uninterrupted, clearly revealing its emptiness. They obviously had gone into the woodpile. Frank waited several minutes, but all seemed quiet. No more Finger People came or went. Whether or not he liked it, Frank would have to investigate the close confines of the woodpile. He didnt know how much time Jimmy had. Hell, he didnt even know what they would do to his friend. 
Frank crept forward, hunkered low, edging closer and closer to the woodpile. Boards stabbed the frosty air in all directions, the whole jumble a truly intricate mess. Beneath it, hidden by tufts of yellow grass, were the moss-covered stones of a foundation. Occasional gaps between the boards revealed an inky blackness beneath. Trembling with fear, Frank peeked into that black. He saw no movement, no light. Nothing. 
Paralleling the foundation, he discovered where the Finger People had gone. Mossy steps led into blackness down an old cellar entrance. Fear bubbled up, threatening to boil over him. How could he possibly go in there? There could be any number of those creatures in there! And how would he see? He recalled their owl eyes with a shudder. Was he really prepared to do this?
Frank retreated to the lean-to in order to think. 
Should he get help, reinforcements? No, the boys were well on their way to Fort Donelson by now. Who would believe him, anyway? And the whole area would be flooded with Union troops in the morning. The thought sunk in. Of course! Grants men would be marching on Fort Donelson the moment they fully secured Fort Henry. When the attack on Fort Donelson commenced, maybe the Finger People would again emerge. If they all left their lair, Frank could walk right in. But Fort Donelson was much bigger than Fort Henry. The battle would be a big one, a long one. Yes, that was itjust wait and everything would be easier!
Excitement dribbled away. Frank knew he couldnt make excuses anymore. If he waited, it would probably be too late for Jimmy. 
Snow began to fall in small, fleeting flakes. They settled atop the roof of wet leaves, but dissolved upon Franks bloody, shredded coat. He stepped deeper into the lean-to. He hit his head on a rusty lantern hanging from a pole. He had seen it, and thought hed moved accordingly. His body hadnt responded as bidden. He couldnt take much more. He was a bloody mess, and exhausted from seesawing between glories perceived and despair very much real. He barely had enough strength left to watch the snow fall. 
In the last twenty-four hours, he had nearly been blown to bits by cannon fire, nearly drowned twice, been attacked by a tree, spent an entire night awake beneath a cannon, survived a boiler explosion on the Essex, and been shot at by Union soldiers. On the longboat yesterday morning, while rowing from incomplete Fort Heiman to doomed Fort Henry, Frank had pondered how the world was about to change. He felt it coming, and preferred to die rather than face it. But now, twenty-fours later, it was not the world that had changed. It was Frank. 
Since yesterday, everyone had gotten something: Tilghman had gotten the time he needed to retreat, the Yanks had gotten Fort Henry, even the Finger People had gotten more dead than they could probably handle. Certainly the damn ghouls got Jimmy. What did Frank get? 
Split lips smiled. Frank had gotten courage. 
He yanked the lantern off the pole. Though badly rusted, the reservoir still held oil. There was no wick, though, and half the wire handle was busted off. It was useless for an underground foray. Fortunately, Frank found some dry tinder in a little box on the shelf. He peeked into each tin. One held baking soda, another clumped salt. He saw a small cloth bag with stale cornmeal. He opened the only clay jar. His nose wrinkled at the rancid smell of putrid vegetable oil. 
He chuckled. Whoever lived here used to make Johnny cakes. Add a little milk to the ingredients on the shelf, and hed have the staple of the south. The thought of Johnny cakes made his stomach grumble. He hadnt eaten in twenty-four hours. He wished he was just back at camp with Jimmy, making up some Johnny cakes, and
Frank froze as it all fell into place. He knew exactly what to do. 
With sudden alarm, he clawed at his jacket. After all that had happened, what if he had lost what was needed? He pulled out Captain Porters heavy service revolver and set it on the shelf. Hed nearly died to get that, but it was not what was needed. After another pat to his pockets, he found it. He pressed a small tin to his chest in silent thankfulness. Inside was what Jimmys salvation depended upon.
Reebers peppers.




7

THE SWAMP HIVE 




FRANK WAS LOATH to venture to the bottom of the moss-covered steps. Gritting his teeth, he eased down into the cellar, down into the black. In his right hand wavered the heavy revolver, in his left blazed a torch. Quietly he waded into the depths, into the lair of the Finger People. 
He bent forward and thrust the torch ahead. Frank had greater use for that torch than merely to light his way in the dark. He had taken great care in creating it: shredding strips of the stills cover and tying them each around the end of a wooden pole. He could not risk having a single strip drop off and leave him in darkness. Indeed, bits of flaming canvas pieces dropped regularly from the brand, leaving a trail of glowing embers. 
On the bottom step, he paused to review the new, horrid world he was entering. The cellar was one large chamber not only roofed by the collapsed structure, but filled with it. Wreckage formed a wide, bristling column-pile in the center of the chamber. The floor was earthen and damp. Everything smelled of rot and urine. Frank could not see beyond the jumble of boards, but faint paths circled around it in both directions. Earth rose in the corners of the cellar, giving it a cave-like feel. 
Sounds emanated from the far side, behind the bulk of wood. Scratching tickled Franks bleeding ears andwas that cooing? The cooing was gentle, timid. Frank was reminded of pigeons. Or owls. To think, he used to be scared of the big old owl that lived in their barn! Hed give anything to be facing that barn owl instead. He whisked his torch back and forth nervously. He didnt want to miss anything. Rotted shelves hunched against the wall, and broken masonry jars were strewn about the area. 
Frank crept around the massive, central pile of debris. Random boards pierced the darkness at every imaginable angle. He had to focus far too much attention on not hitting his head again. He squinted into the billowing smoke, which wriggled through the shattered beams and shredded planks. Above him, the wreckage groaned. The peril of collapse felt as great as any danger from the ghouls. After skirting the entire chamber, he spied them.
Four of the creatures drooped from broken rafters, hanging casually as monkeys in a tree. Their extra-long fingers seemed naturally suited to this behavior, and they appeared quite comfortable off the ground, claws dangling. Eight huge, owl-like eyes of bright blue swiveled to lock right on Frank. There was no more scratching or cooing. They were motionless, staring at his torch. 
Though still hunched over, Frank found himself standing a bit taller under their scrutiny. The revolver no longer shook in his hand. As he had hoped, they were mostly scared of the fire.
The creatures hadnt been just hanging around, Frank realized. They were digging. The stone foundations had fallen away, or been pushed away. The Finger People clawed at the remaining earth with their feet, all while hanging from the rafters above. He recognized now that their feet were designed very much like a dogs paw. Mounds of loose earth had been pushed to the side. Franks heart sank. This was not just some abandoned one-room cellar. 
It was a hive. 
The torch hissed, struck from above. Frank glanced up in alarm, yet saw nothing but boardsboards dripping rainwater. Fear washed over Frank with full force. If his torch died now, he was doomed. He had no way of protecting the flaming brand from the rain. He had to hurry.
The four Finger People still made no movements toward him, so he eased sideways with the wall to his back. Beyond them was one more chamberor were there many? It was black as ink back there. Is that where they kept the bodies? To Franks right was another opening, somewhat triangular. He decided to investigate that area first. Faint sounds emanated from within, and he didnt want to have the space at his back. But did he want the four known Finger People at his back? They stared so intensely he almost felt guilty. He wondered if they had ever had their own home invaded before. He gave the torch a final shake, which brought a satisfactory cringe from the creatures. 
He reached the mouth of the triangular opening. In thrust the torch. No reaction. After a deep breath, Frank entered. The earth ramped downward, at some points severely. The ramp was contained by the dirt being shot through with root filaments, but the surface was slick with mud. Frank slipped several times, especially when the ramp veered toward vertical. After a ways, he saw light ahead. 
Frank grew exceedingly confused, and more nervous than ever. Light, down here? How could this be? He slipped again, this time with painful results. He gasped, despite himself, and nearly dropped the torch. From ahead came movement, scrambling. Something clattered to the floor. With any sense of surprise completely gone, Frank just blundered ahead.
The earthen tunnel opened into a chamber. This new room was much larger than the cellar. Roots dribbled down from above, water following suit. At a glance, it appeared the chamber was empty of the creaturesbut it was not empty. Oh, no, it was not empty at all. Frank nearly vomited on the spot. 
The chamber was filled with dead bodies, heaped one atop another carelessly. This was far more disrespectful than even the shocking display at Fort Henry. But that was not what made Franks stomach roil and flop.
It was the fungus. 
Blossoming from the corpses was a strange, faintly luminescent green fungus. Swollen, bloated abdomens were coated with it, with huge shrub-like blooms sprouting right out of dead human flesh. In its smaller state, the fungus was fuzzy, like mold on food. Only when grown to a large size did it become solid and firm. It resembled a brain, with intricate patterns and swirls and cavities. 
Nearest Frank lay a twisted Confederate soldier, his shirt torn off. As an early frost might delicately sheath each blade of grass, fungus fuzzed over his every chest hair. A massive fungus shrub was anchored to his exposed, white belly. This was the ultimate desecration of the body. He had obviously been there a long time, for the brain fungus was a full six spherical feet. 
Frank stared into the swirling brain pattern, mesmerized at the intricate detail. He stepped closer. Something beneath his feet crunched. He froze, then looked down with a grimace. Surely he had just stepped on the brittle bones of devoured men. But there were no bones. Rather, the floor was heaped with small black shells. Frank toed a mound of them, curiously. They were the size and shape of pecan shells, but shiny. The floor was literally coveredheaps of them had been pushed to the corners. 
Confused, disgusted, and feeling all-around dreadful, Frank scrunched through the chamber. Each dead body need be viewed individuallyan odious task made all the worse by being so repetitive. Yet soon enough it became apparent the vast majority were all long dead. Several had completely putrefied, resulting in the apparent death of the brain shrub. With the host gone, the delicate green glow had turned dark. Most of the fungus, however, was thriving. 
Frank worked his way around the large chamber. He hated the thought of finding Jimmy there. He hated worse the thought of not finding Jimmy there. The bodies stank of urine and rot. Ironically, the fungus itself exuded a faint flowery scent. Like lilac, in fact. Frank shivered, consciously fighting the urge to be sick. 
Jimmy was not here. Frank would have to pass the four digging Finger People and enter that horribly dark, deep blackness beyond. He slogged up the muddy ramp, happy to leave such awfulness behind. Once back in the cellar, Frank saw with concern that the four diggers had disappeared. The boards and rafters, though a three-dimensional labyrinth, appeared empty. Frank passed where they had been diggingbeginning another tunneland faced the opening that was so black. 
He paused to gather emotional fortitude. Near the opening was an overturned, rusty meat grinder. It reminded him of his first job off the farm: he cleaned the floors of a packing plant. That was in Kansas City, where Jimmy saved him. Onward he delved, into the depths of the hive. 
The entrance turned abruptly, revealing the telltale green glow ahead. Frank pressed onward and into a huge chamber, one far too large for his torch to light in its entirety. He gasped, despite himself. The chamber, though horrific, was also magnificent. Here the Finger People had dug both outward and downward. The round chamber was nearly a hundred feet in diameter, shaped like a giant, shallow funnel. Downward sloped the earthitself a maze of stacked bodies and glowing parasitic brain shrubs. The ceiling was nothing less than a logjam of broken boards and beams. The jumble followed the slope downward, an awe-inspiring pile floating in the air all the way down. Head clearance was barely eight feet high, despite the bottom of the funnel easily being twenty feet below the entrance. 
Frank detected unseen movement in the corners beyond the perimeter of his torchlight. He occasionally spied a flash of round, baby-blue eyes watching. Bodies were everywhere: mostly Confederate soldiers, mostly fresh. Gray frock coats glowed dully in the torchlight. A veritable forest of brain shrubs lined the funnels descent. The odor burned hot in Franks nose. Yes, this was the smell of the Finger People he had first noticed in Fort Henry: the sharp ammonia smell of cat urine. 
The sight, the smellall of it was overwhelming. And, unlike the previous chamber, this one was not empty of ghouls. Frank skirted the edge of the cavern, wary of Finger People but relieved they appeared frightened of him. In the distance, he spied one urinating on a dead soldier. After ducking beneath a particularly nasty cluster of boards, Frank was brought up short by one of the creatures. 
Directly before him, a Finger Man hung from the rafters by one long hand. The other extra long hand adeptly fished inside the nook of a fungus bush. Its unusually long fingers expertly plucked from the depths a fat, tick-like insect. Frank watched, disgusted, as it brought the organism to its tiny mouth. The insects legs kicked frantically as the Finger Man regarded its fat abdomen. Then it popped the insect into its mouth. The mouth moved in an odd, rotating manner, then suddenly the ghoul spat out the remains. All that was left of the insect was the hard black shell, spat upon the floor like a sunflower seed. 
The creature noticed Frank. Its round eyes opened wide and it trilled with alarm. With stunning grace, it swung from one board to anotherjust like a monkeyits dog-paws barely clearing the bodies and fungus shrubs. In a blink, it had disappeared into the dark.
Setting his features hard, Frank descended into the pit. He crunched over thousands of black shells, even slid down piles of them. He was even more disgusted now that he understood what they were. If there were anything more lurid than devouring human dead, it was this strange relationship among corpse, fungus, and insect. 
The huge brain shrubs bloomed out of old, decayed corpses, but many of the gray-clad bodies were yet untouched by the mold. These were newly fallen men. Mercifully, Frank did not recognize anybody. He would have preferred to not look at any of their faces, but it was necessary. Deeper and deeper he waded into the forest of fungus. Some of the shrubs towered over his head; a few growing so high they brushed the broken boards. The intricacies of the brain-like patterns were mesmerizing, as was the throbbing, luminescent green. They seemed to grow brighter and thicker from the bodies with the strongest stench of urine.
Frank detected alarm in the cooing at the far edge of the chamber and sensed great movement in the dark, just out of sight. He felt the owl-like eyes upon him. Then he saw a face he knew. He had found Reeber. 
Frank stumbled towards Reebers lifeless body. He was on his stomach, with just a hint of mold staining the back of his gray coat. His face was pressed to the earth, mostly obscured by the shiny black shells. His mustache peeked from the mound of black, and one dull eye stared into the floor. Dirt covered his face, streaked where he had been urinated upon. He was obviously, mercifully, dead. 
Frank choked a sob. Could he have saved Reeber? 
Now frantic, he continued his search. Sounds of discontent grew all around. The Finger People promised a reckoning on the way out. Frank skirted another body, this one laying awkwardly upon a corpse fuzzy with fungus. 
It was Jimmy.

* * * * *

The big man lay halfway down in the labyrinthine pit, just another body among the crowd of corpses. Above loomed the ponderous cloud of fractured boards and twisted planks, ready to rain wooden pikes upon them. Frank rushed to his friends side, thrilled and panicked. Jimmy lay on his back, head and shoulders sinking into the earth, legs draped up over another dead bodyone already sprouting a throbbing fungus shoot. His eyes were closed, his heavy brow soft. He looked peaceful. 
Frank looked his friend over hurriedly. Hed never felt so exposed in his life. The exit was so far away, through a maze of corpses and dozens of brain shrubs. A ghoul could be hiding behind any one of them. A collective cooing trilled throughout the entire huge chamber. They could be anywhere. They were probably everywhere. Frank set the revolver on the heap of black shells, ready.
Jimmys broad chest was damp with blood. His gray coat was ripped open near the shoulder. Black powder stains clearly revealed that hed been shot. Sobbing, Frank pushed a bloody finger to Jimmys neck. Please God, let him be alive! The reassuring presence of a pulse tickled his hand. He was alive! Tears of joy streamed down Franks face. Though alive, Jimmy had already been processed. He stank of urine, and where he was wet with it, the faintest of fuzziness grew. Frank hauled him off the corpse and onto a shifting cushion of insect shells. The cooing continued to grow, filling the entire chamber. The Finger People were angry. And numerous. 
Frank urgently called Jimmys name. The big man stirred slightly. Growing frantic, he began gently slapping him. Jimmy slowly cracked his eyes. Recognition widened them further.
Frank, he grunted. What?
His huge nose wrinkled at the strange mix of ammonia, lilac, and rot.
Later, Jimmy! Weve got to get out of here!
Jimmys eyes wandered the bizarre pit. The scene was so ghastly and alien, his mind didnt appear to register what he was seeing. Only the looming network of boards caused a reaction. He recognized that threat. Jimmy struggled to rise, but failed. Im Im weak, Frankie.
Jimmy! Frank pleaded. Youve got to get up!
Frank pulled and prodded enough to convince him, and the man struggled to his knees. Frank could feel how weak he was. Jimmy had never before needed to rely on Franks strength. It was sobering. 
Handing him the revolver, Frank urged, Take this, Jimmy. Shoot anything that moves!
Together they fumbled up. The soldier was staggeringly heavy. Jimmys huge arm around his neck made Frank feel as if he were shouldering a butchered leg of beef. They struggled and stumbled, but began a slow exit. The darkness around them shifted, slowly at first, but soon began to boil in the greenish glow. Frank waved his torch before them, feeling utterly insignificant within the pressing menace. At first Jimmy carried the revolver drooped at his side, but his strength grew with awareness of their peril.
Frank and Jimmy hauled themselves awkwardly up and out of the shallow pit. Their boots slid constantly in the slippery heaps of black shells, and they frequently dropped to their knees. But finally they made it to the rim of the pit. As Frank hauled Jimmy around the perimeter toward the exit, the swelling cooing morphed into a chamber-wide tense trilling. The looming, wooden avalanche vibrated with it, ready to fall, eager to fall. Motion flapped above, and Frank looked up just in time to see a ghoul swinging through the beams. The torch blinked out in a shower of urine. 
Frank screamed. He dropped Jimmy in favor of cradling the torch. He protected the sputtering, smoking brand from the dousing with his body. Smoke stung his eyes, but he saw it was not fully extinguished. A slight flame crackled yet along its ashy end. 
The trilling erupted into a storm of angry warbles. Darkness seethed with motion as the Finger People swooped upon them en masse. Two sharp reports of the revolver made Frank jump. He was blinded by the muzzle flash. A heavy weight thumped to the ground beside him, scattering shells. The stench of urine wafted over him from a ghoul, shot dead by Jimmy. 
The darkness surged toward them. Obsessively Frank blew on the torch, praying for it to reignite fully. Another gunshot blasted through the chamber, another flash from the muzzle. Fear of the flash caused more shrieks than that of bullets. The creatures slowed, but did not stop. Jimmy fired again and again. Within seconds, he had run out of bullets. 
Frank! Jimmy shouted, More bullets!
But there were no more bullets. Blackness swooped in. And with it, came the Finger People. 
Frank was bludgeoned by heavy bodies slamming into his back, claws shredding it. Screaming in pain, in terror, he kept to his hands and knees, protecting the torch at all costs. It was slowly crackling back to life, but far too feeble yet to save them. The flurry of blows kept comingthudding, ripping, hurting, weakening. Nearby, Jimmy roared and flailed. Ghouls squealed as they were thrown off him, but more jumped in. After hurling yet another creature back into the dark, Jimmy reached up, seeking to free a board from the tangle to use as a weapon. Once exposed, he was tackled to the ground by two of the monstrous scavengers. 
They were going to die. It was now or never. Frank reached into his pocket and pulled out a small tin. Despite thunderous blows upon his body, he uncapped it with great care. Grabbing a pinch of his secret weapon, he flung it on the torch. 
Sparks flashed through the air. The moment of brilliance revealed Jimmy wrestling with the two ghouls and exposed a dozen more reeling through the air above like acrobats. They howled at the sparks, some even dropping to the ground in a clatter of panic. The torch finally blazed back to its full strength as Frank threw pinch after pinch of powder into the flames. 
Screeching, the Finger People disengaged and fled in a skittering of insect shells. The sparks flew far and wide, blazing brilliantly for but a moment, then burning out. Frank kept at it, repeating the motions to cast a dizzying whirl of sparks. Jimmy lumbered awkwardly toward their escape, and Frank followed. Angry warbling reached a crescendo, but the Finger People did not leave their cavern. Before Frank knew it, they were rushing into the cellar. 
They were going to make it! 
Jimmy, no! 
Jimmy struck his head on an unseen beam. He dropped like a stone. 
Panicked, Frank looked back to the entrance of the fungus cavern. From the blackness, the warbling neared. He gripped his torch tightly, but was not ready for the attack. He wished to God he could set the whole damned place on fire, but it was too wet. White faces bounded into the radius of the firelight. Frank tossed in the last of his secret weapon, creating a final, dazzling display of sparks. Warbles turned to shrieks, buying desperately needed timebut only seconds. The sparks twinkled out one by one, leaving them in darkness again. 
It was over.
So close! Frank saw daylight streaming through the huge central pile of beams. But Jimmy was far too heavy to carry to safety, and the task was certainly too daunting in the few seconds they had. He had to think of something right now. His eyes fell on all the masonry jars near the broken shelf. There had been a still in the lean-to outside. What if the jars held moonshine? 
Franks hands scrambled over the glass shards, desperately seeking an unbroken jar. White faces and greasy fur rushed in. At the last second, Frank found one! He unscrewed the lid and stuck the jar to his nose. Peach preserves. Furious, Frank hurled the jar at the lead ghoul, mere feet away. The throng washed over them. 
Frank hurled himself atop Jimmy, even as the ghouls landed all around them. A ghoul pounced upon him, knocking his breath out. It instantly grabbed his arm. It only took a split second, but in Franks panicked, heightened awareness he felt each and every segment of its fingers wrap around his arm. The creature ripped Frank off Jimmy with stunning strength. Frank flailed madly and felt the grip slacken. He shrugged it off and dropped back onto Jimmy. 
A second ghoul grabbed his leg. Franks worst nightmare was realized as countless joints locked around his limbs. He struggled, kicked, bellowedall to no avail. He was lost in a crush of grappling, stinking bodies. Desperate, he rolled directly onto the torch. His clothing was far too wet to catch, but the creatures fear gave him an opening. He leapt back onto Jimmy a third time, only now he was not intent on merely covering the big mans body. He patted and ripped at Jimmys clothing until he found what he was looking for: his flask! 
Even as the Finger People pounced upon him anew, Frank splashed brandy all over the torch. Flames blazed up, searing monsters, searing him. The ghouls shrieked and cowered, but did not retreat.
The whole torch was soon in flames, handle and all, but Frank continued held it fast, swinging it at their attackers. His hands were crippled with pain, but he did not let gohe dared not. Sparks spun outward as the brand flew through the air. Still on his knees, he spattered brandy onto the earth around them. Flames flashed when he touched the torch to it. They flared out quickly, but it was enough. 
The attack was over. The Finger People fled back to the darkness. 
Jimmy, wake up! 
He splashed brandy on his face. Jimmy winced but did not wake. Exasperated, Frank opened his mouth with a blackened hand and dumped in the last of the brandy. The pain was so intense he dropped the flask right on Jimmys face. The big man choked awake. A moment later, the two men staggered together up the moldering cellar steps and into the glorious, snowy day. 
 
* * * * *

Frank and Jimmy limped through the swamp grass until they fell into the lean-to. Frank sat heavily upon the cast-iron stove, too exhausted to move any further. Jimmy leaned against the knotted pine slats. Together they watched the snows indecision. Whether snow or rain, the sky fell. Jimmy fingered the engraved side of the revolver, then suddenly frowned. 
Whered you get this, Frankie?
Just yesterday, Frank would have hopped up and down with the excitement, hoping to please Jimmy. Now he had earned the right of reserve. Just moving his lips seemed a struggle, but he answered, Thats Captain Porters.
Jimmy cocked his head to the side, scrutinizing. Finally his brow rose, signaling confusion. And just how did you get Union Captain Porters revolver?
I followed you last night.
You what? Jimmy exploded.
I thought youd need me, Frank hastily explainedthough without his usual self-deprecating posture. So I followed you onto the gunboat. After you escaped, I I stayed longer.
Ive never known you to lie before, Jimmy chided with a scowl. 
Im not lying, Frank defended. He was far, far too tired to argue. I was on the Essex when it blew up. 
Jimmys brow wrinkled from disdain to anger. Quit lying, Frank. Whats gotten into you? You cant even swim, for Christs sake!
Frank winced beneath Jimmys growing ire, but, again, did not adopt his conciliatory habit. He just said simply, I can now.
Jimmy stopped suddenly, mouth open to retort. Something was indeed different with his companion. After a moment, he chuckled. Finally he said, You follow me around like a puppy for years, scared of your own shadow. And then one nightwhen the boys tell me you deserted at long lastyou were actually following me on a secret missionbehind enemy lines, onto a boatwhen you cant swimand then you come save me from some godforsaken underground swamp nightmare.
Franks swollen, broken lips smiled. 
Jimmy pondered to the snow, Remember how mad I was back in K.C. when you ran out?
Franks grin faded.
I had just risked my life fighting a whole damn band of Irish no-gooders to save you. You were so scared when I pulled the table off youso scared, whatd you do? You ran right into the street, right in front of a goddamn teamster wagon!
Frank remained silent. He had always been ashamed of his past, but had never before acknowledged it to himself. But Jimmy was not being accusatory. Rather, he was building up to a moment. The big man handed over Captain Porters revolver. You never stop surprising me, Frankie. Here, this belongs to you. Youve earned it.
Yesterday I wouldnt have even wanted to touch it, Frank commented.
Yeah, Jimmy agreed. But you did better with that gunpowder, anyway.
What gunpowder?
Back there, when you scared off the things.
Wasnt gunpowder, Frank explained. It was pepper.
Pepper?
Yeah. 
Jimmys brow pulled nearly all the way to his hairline. Frank waited in silence. Jimmy repeated, Pepper? 
Yes, Jimmy. Red pepper. Some spices burn.
He chuckled and said, You really are an odd one, Francois. But you did good. You did good.
Dont miss the other four novellas from 
The Gothic Shift

A BEGUILING COLLECTION OF 
SUPERNATURAL THRILLERS

The Ghost of Naked Mollytakes us back to old New Orleans on the eve of the Louisiana Purchase, where the ghost of a gorgeous octoroon slave mistress complicates the political schemes of a local grandee by parading around his house in the nude.

Blue Caribouvisits the crew of a ship stuck in the Arctic ice over the bitter winter of 1859 as they slowly go mad from hunger. The ultimate solution - prompted by a stitched, velveteen toy wolf - gives a completely new twist on survival of the fittest.

The Swamp Hive- a fine study of Civil War squalor and carnage - spotlights the Union attack on the Confederate stronghold Fort Henry, where a timid rebel cook discovers something even grislier than the usual horrors of war: the Finger People.

Wax and Wayneisa contemporary fable about a man who comes into a restaurant every day to gulp down vast quantities at the shrimp buffet, while his forlorn waitress seems to gain weight on his behalf. Here Bruns achieves a delightful balance of whimsy and the grotesque, with a glimmer of moonstruck romance.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR




ADVENTURING IN OVER 50 countries to gather material for his bestselling books, Brian David Bruns has won international awards for travel humor and thriller fiction. He has contributed toYahoo Travel, BBC,CNN, The Daily Beast, andThe Travel Channel.
B.D. abandoned everything at age 30 to chase a woman who worked at sea, becoming the only American waiter in Carnival Cruise Line history to complete a full contract without quitting. His Cruise Confidential series chronicling the debacle has on two separate occasions been featured on ABCs 20/20.
After residing in Draculas hometown of Sighioara for several yearsa mere kilometer from the house where Vlad the Impaler was bornBruns moved to Las Vegas with his Romanian wife. They live with two cats, Julius and Caesar.


For photos, art, musings, and his latest books, 
go to www.BDBruns.com



Also by B.D. Bruns

Cruise Confidential Series
Cruise Confidential
Ship for Brains
Unsinkable Mister Brown
High Seas Drifter

Rumble Yell
Comstock Phantoms

Fiction
The Gothic Shift
In the House of Leviathan
The Widow of Half-Hill (2016)








Copyright  2014 by Brian David Bruns
All rights reserved

Cover design by Brian David Bruns
Interior layout by Steven Urban
	
www.BDBruns.com

Produced in the United States of America. No part of this publication may be reproduced in any formexcept quoting brief passages in a reviewwithout permission in writing from author or publisher.
Library of Congress Cataloguing-in-Publication Data
	Bruns, Brian David
	Bruns, B.D.
	1st ed. 
	Produced by World Waters

ISBN (The Gothic Shift print edition): 978-0-9856635-5-1
ISBN: 9781311322807
Library of Congress Number (PCN):  2013956679

1.  Gothic 	2.  Thriller/Suspense  3.  Supernatural Thriller
ALSO BY B.D. BRUNS


