The Bodies Out Back
 
by
 
Joseph E. Wright


Copyright 2009 by Joseph E. Wright
All rights reserved

Cover design by Joseph E. Wright

Smashwords Edition January 2009
 
 This novel is a work of fiction. All characters and events portrayed in this novel are either fictitious or are used fictitiously. All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book, or portions thereof, in any form. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping or by any information storage or retrieval system, without permission in writing from the Author. 
 

The Bodies Out Back

by

Joseph E. Wright

Chapter I
 
Dusk arrived on Manning Street the same time Phillis Toner did. She checked the number on one of the houses, then rang its bell. The sounds of traffic seemed excluded from this street, one of the oldest in the city of Philadelphia. She wondered if such intrusions had been banned by Molly Montgomary, the woman she had come to see. Phillis told herself not to be ridiculous. And not to be nervous. 
A uniformed maid, an old woman with a halting walk, admitted her to the house, then quickly disappeared behind a sliding door. She immediately reappeared. "Miss Montgomary will see you," the maid told Phillis, pointed toward the open door, then shuffled off, mumbling to herself. 
"Good evening, my dear." Molly was standing in the middle of a small parlor, a woman of white hair, stern features, and perfect posture. She was wearing a simple black wool dress and a single strand of pearls, which Phillis immediately recognized as being quite expensive. "Do come in." Molly reached out, took the younger woman's hand, and led her toward one of a pair of chairs in front of the bay window. 
Phillis was in her mid-twenties. Her auburn hair was cut short and her deep, almost-plum-color eyes were busy taking in both the room and the woman who was speaking to her. 
"Please be seated," Molly said as she sat down. 
The maid reappeared with a small silver tray bearing a decanter and two glasses. 
"Thank you, Margaret," Molly said, then addressed Phillis. "I know you're coming from work, and you should take a moment to relax. A spot of sherry is just the thing, don't you agree?" 
Phillis smiled. How quaint, she thought. Just what I'd expect, the dear offering sherry. I'd rather have a vodka gimlet. She thanked her hostess. 
"I have the answer to the question you asked on the telephone today. Let me see now." Molly took her reading glasses from the table next to her and began reading from a small notepad, which had also been on the table. "All the utilities will be paid--heat, electricity--so you see you don't really have to worry about them." She put the pad aside and replaced her reading glasses in their case. "I understand Mr. Sutton-Sponge arranged to have someone show you the house in Society Hill. I believe you saw it yesterday?" 
Phillis nodded. 
"Very well, then. You know what it looks like. You would be renting the third floor. Quite handsome, if I do say so myself. And large. I daresay a dozen people could live in that house and not feel crowded, so you and Pat should have no trouble." 
"I understand your niece Pat won't be back from Europe until the fall." Phillis was beginning to feel uncomfortable. There was something about the way the old woman was staring at her with her dark brown eyes, as though she were more than appraising a prospective tenant for her niece's house. It seemed--so Phillis felt--more like the witch in the woods wondering how Gretel would taste, once roasted in the oven. 
"Pat is due back in a few months, my dear. And I just know you'll like one another." 
"That's one problem. Actually, it's the only problem I have. I really don't think it's very intelligent going into a sharing arrangement like this, even sharing such a large house, without first meeting the person I'm going to be living with. One should be... well, careful, you know." 
"Oh, I know, my dear." She reached out and patted Phillis' knee. "You are right. Absolutely right. One should always be very circumspect in such matters. But, as I explained to you the other day, the rent is so reasonable because Pat is away so very much of the time and would like to have someone--the right someone, of course--living there. Sort of insurance, you might say. So, you see, it will be rented before Pat returns and I'm afraid if you don't take it, someone else will. And I do so wish you would. I like you. I don't mind admitting it. I do like you very much and I think you'd be the right person." 
Phillis stood up and stared out the window onto Manning Street with its old Philadelphia cobblestones and its narrow houses--some of them stone, most brick, with flower boxes and painted front doors. There were hitching posts, no longer for horses, but practical just the same. Since the street was so narrow, they protected both pedestrians and houses alike from careless drivers. 
She had only a few days left before she would have to be out of her present home. She had returned to Philadelphia little more than a year ago, partly to stay with her aunt, the only family she still had left, and partly to search for some roots. At least those were the reasons she gave others and tried hard to believe herself. She never knew her father. A dozen years before while in her mid-teens, she had been uprooted from this city when her mother died and an aunt by marriage had taken her to Texas to live. Aunt Beth tried hard to be a mother to Phillis. After high school, Phillis got a job as secretary in a small office. She liked it. What she did not like was the interest her boss took in her: subtle remarks at first, then outright propositions. Compounding the problem was the boss' son, Ron, with whom Phillis fell in love. As she stood at the window, she remembered with bitterness the lost baby, the lost lover whose family sent him away--paid him off to forget her--and finally, the day she went to see Ron's father in that hotel room. She knew it was a mistake even as she walked the hall toward his room, but she wanted to plead with him to bring Ron back. She didn't care. With the recklessness of youth, she had been ready to swallow her pride for the man she loved. Flashing before her was the scene of herself running down a fire escape behind the hotel, the blood on her dress, her trying to burn the dress, and the fear that the police would find her. 
Aunt Beth might have suspected something had happened. Then, two days later, she died in her sleep. Phillis wrote to her Aunt Olive, her mother's sister, and spoke of coming back East. Olive urged her to come to Philadelphia and said she thought Phillis would have no trouble getting a job. She came. She found a job. She was happy. Then Olive, like Phillis' mother and Aunt Beth, died. There had been times lately when Phillis wondered if she were somehow to blame for their deaths. Why was it , she asked herself late at night when she couldn't sleep, that those close to her, those who cared for her, were all dead? 
Olive's heirs--of which Phillis was not one--sold Olive's house, giving Phillis very little time in which to find another place to live. In the past few weeks, she had contacted what seemed to her to be all the real estate offices in the city of Philadelphia and had answered dozens of ads for apartments, only to have nothing to show for her troubles. The places she liked, she couldn't afford; those she could afford, she either disliked or they were too far from where she worked. 
This house, the one she and Molly Montgomary were now discussing, the one she saw yesterday, the one she'd have to share with someone else, was much more than she had ever hoped to find. It was perfect. There was an enormous living room, which left her near speechless when she first saw it, with its sixteen-foot-high molded ceiling and sweeping staircase leading up to the upper floors. On the first floor, there was also a formal dining room and an ultra-modern kitchen, both of which, she had been told, she could use whenever she wished to entertain. Off the kitchen, there was a garden with a lilac tree in full bloom, the scent filling the air. The garden floor was red brick and the walls were cement with built-in planters and benches along two sides. 
The second floor of the house contained a library; Pat's--her possible housemate's--bedroom and bath; a sitting room; and two guestrooms. Off the end of the long hallway was a pair of French doors opening onto a balcony. Perfect for sunbathing, she decided when she saw it. The entire third floor was to be hers, if she decided to rent it. She'd have a sitting room the width of the house, a bedroom, a functional and sunny kitchen, bath, dressing room, a second bedroom or den, and more closets than she could ever fill. There was a fourth floor which, she was told, was not being used and was originally intended for servants. And the rent, that was the almost impossible thing about this whole proposition. It was less than she had allowed herself to spend. She'd have a little left over each month without having to worry about the cost of heat or electricity. It seemed too good to pass up. 
There were only two drawbacks she could think of. First, she had not yet met Pat. Second, she would not have a private entrance. She would enter through the front door, use the staircase common to all floors, and there was no door to the third floor to ensure privacy. Still, she did not have to share the other floors, if she did not wish to, and would not really have to see any more of Pat than she wanted to. What the hell.... 
She spun around and almost startled Molly. "I've decided to take it, Miss Montgomary." 
Molly Montgomary beamed. "You have no idea, my dear, how happy that makes me. You've made the right decision, I just know that." 
Phillis signed the lease Molly placed before her, wrote a check for the first and last months' rent, wished Molly a pleasant evening, and left the house. What Phillis could not see as she walked away from the house on Manning Street was what Molly Montgomary was doing at that precise moment. With a smile on her face, Molly was tearing Phillis' check into small pieces and watching them fall like a mini snowstorm into her wastebasket. 
 
*****
 
Two days later, on Friday, with the help of several friends (all of whom told her she was making a big mistake), and a rented truck, Phillis moved into the four-story house on Spruce Street in Society Hill, with its dusty-rose brick front, its cream-colored shutters, and its Wedgwood-blue front door. When the last piece of furniture and the last box were brought up to the third floor and the last friend had left, Phillis threw herself into one of her living room chairs and knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that she had made the right decision. They were all wrong, those well-intentioned friends of hers. It was not a mistake. She loved her new home and she knew she would be happy there. The deaths of the past year and a half were now all behind her. 
 
*****
 
	The same day Phillis moved into her new quarters, Molly Montgomary was on the telephone with Nathaniel Sutton-Sponge III, Esquire. "Now, Mr. Sutton-Sponge, you do understand what it is I want, don't you?" 
"Yes, Miss Montgomary, I understand fully." Mr. Sutton-Sponge and his father before him had been Molly's legal advisors these past fifty-one years since she had reached her majority. 
"You'll let me know when you have the papers drawn up and I shall come into your office and sign them. You have the spelling correct? The young woman's name, I mean. It's spelled with an 'i' and not with a 'y.'" 
"Miss Montgomary, the document you requested will be drawn up and I shall personally stop by your home for your signature." He didn't need her to remind him how to spell the young woman's name. After all, wasn't it he who found Phillis Toner for her? And wasn't it also he who told Molly that the young woman in question had been followed into a real estate office, that the information had been gotten out of the receptionist at the aforementioned real estate office that Miss Toner was looking for a place to live? 
"That is most considerate of you." 
"I do trust, Miss Montgomary, that you have given this matter sufficient thought." Mr. Sutton-Sponge could not keep a tone of legal concern out of his voice. 
"Yes, yes, I have," Molly said, a bit too firmly. "This is what I want and I know it's the right thing to do." 
Mr. Sutton-Sponge III, Esquire, felt an urge. It was seldom that Mr. Sutton-Sponge felt any kind of urge, and when he did, his legal discipline always prevailed. His present urge was to pursue the matter further with Molly, having nothing more in mind than the welfare of his client, but experience had taught him one thing over the years: when Molly Montgomary made up her mind about something, neither he nor his father--and probably not even the Supreme Court--could change it. He sighed and bid her a good day. 
Bertha Belmont was sitting at the opposite side of the table which held the telephone. After Molly replaced the receiver, Bertha took a sip of her tea and addressed her lifelong friend: "I do hope you know what you are doing, Moll. I remember an uncle of mine who had considerable money and he got it into his head to go to Pakistan--or was it Paraguay? I do get those two countries confused, don't you? I mean, they sound so much alike. Really, they should make the names of countries simpler and not similar, so people wouldn't mix them up, I always say. Anyway, he...." 
"Bertha, this is not some fool idea I've gotten into my head. And, I'm not going away to some remote part of the world like your uncle. Let us say that what I am about to do is merely payment for service rendered by that young woman. Miss Toner doesn't know it, but when she agreed to rent Pat's third floor, she also took on a lot more than she bargained for." 
"Just the same, Molly, I trust you know what you're doing. I most certainly do. I for one wouldn't care to interfere with other people's lives the way you obviously are doing. Yes, indeed, I do hope you know what you're doing." 
 That makes two of us, Bertha dear, Molly said to herself. Yes, I most certainly do hope I know what I'm doing. 
 
Chapter II 
 
On Friday evenings, Francis Heisler customarily came home several hours later than the official quitting time at Burgess and Burschak. This particular Friday evening, it was ten o'clock when he pressed the button on his car's visor and waited for the garage door to open. He drove his Cadillac in, turned off the engine, got out, and went up the three steps to the kitchen door. Sarah, the Heisler maid and cook, was sitting at the kitchen table. 
"Eve-ning, Mr. Heisler," she said as she went on with her sewing. 
"Mrs. Heisler still up, Sarah?" Francis opened the refrigerator and took out a bottle of Perrier. 
"I do believe so. Leastwise, she was no more'n a half hour or so ago. Fix you some dinner, Mr. Heisler?" 
"No, thank you, Sarah," he said as he poured himself a drink. He wanted to ask the woman he was staring at what kind of mood Mrs. Heisler was in. Was his wife talkative? he wondered. If so, that would be bad. Gertrude Heisler, when her tongue was wagging, was at her worst. She was known to go on talking hour after hour when in that mood, especially on the occasions he came home late. He would not ask Sarah, Sarah who had worked for them the past what? eighteen, twenty years? who had heard all their fights, who probably--he corrected himself-- definitely --knew them better than they knew themselves, was one of the few women in his life for whom Francis had respect. His daughter, Emily, he loved. His wife, Gertrude, he sometimes feared and sometimes hated. His secretary, he admired and depended upon. His mother, dead these past ten years, he had never really known. Becky, his mistress of seven years, he lusted after. Sarah, he respected too much to put her between himself and his wife. He placed the glass on the drain board. 
"Good night, Sarah. Don't stay up late." He pushed open the swinging door and headed toward the staircase leading to the second floor of the house, toward his bedroom, which was adjacent to his wife's, toward--as though he needed to remind himself--the inevitable lecture. He went into his bedroom and began to undress. 
"Is that you, Francis?" the old, too-familiar voice called out to him from the next room. 
"No, it's the Society Hill Strangler." His tone did nothing to disguise his annoyance at such a stupid question. 
"You need not use that tone of voice nor attempt sarcasm." 
 Good God, it's one of those moods, he mumbled, loud enough to make himself think he was being brave in speaking his mind, yet low enough so that she could not hear. I should have left Becky's place a couple of hours ago, he continued, lecturing to himself, and smiled without being totally aware he was smiling as he remembered Becky. Or not at all. He threw his trousers on the back of a chair, followed by his necktie and shirt. He stopped for a moment in front of the mirror over the dresser and looked at himself. The gray hair at the temples was perfect, he thought. "Should be. Been paying Antonio a fortune for it," he said as he turned his head from side to side. "Distinguished. Definitely distinguished." He ran a hairbrush over each side of his head. 
"...and don't insult my intelligence with one of your usual excuses." 
 Had she been talking all this time? he asked himself. He wasn't sure. He hadn't been listening. God, I've got that talent down to an art, haven't I? She could talk for seven hours and I could shut her voice out the whole time. Not many husbands can do that, I'll bet. 
"I know you were out with that tramp," the voice continued from the other room. "Oh, don't act surprised. I know all about her. She's...." 
 ...a thousand of you, he mentally finished her statement. She's beautiful, young, considerate. Everything you're not, you... you.... 
Becky had not been happy this evening. That's why he was later than usual. Ordinarily, they would meet at a bar on Friday evenings after work and have one or two drinks before he left for home. Mondays and Thursdays were their regular evenings to be together. Today, she had called him at work and said they had to talk. That wasn't at all like Becky. She never made demands on him or his time. She was grateful for the hours they had together. In that way, he told himself more than once, she was the perfect mistress. No strings. No ties. No demands. They had gone to her apartment on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway, the apartment that was in his name. 
Becky had a problem. Someone had been around the building asking questions about her. The concierge had discreetly told her about it, gently hinting that her position in the building was not unique, and that her privacy would be protected at all times. Just the same, Becky told Francis, she didn't like it. This came on the heels of what she had been refusing to believe the past two weeks, namely that someone had been following her. She had tried to convince herself that it was all in her imagination, but now with this, she was sure someone was prying into her life. "It must be your wife," Becky said as she sat curled up on one end of the sofa. 
He shrugged and smiled as he moved closer. He took her hand in his and kissed it, then told her not to worry, he would take care of it all. This was not the first time Gertrude's irritating amateurish snoops had tried to get something on one of his amours. The procedure was always the same: A fumbling job of trailing, so badly done that even someone as naive as Becky could spot it, then came the questioning of neighbors. Typical of his wife, always looking for a bargain. In a matter where most wives would want only the best that money could buy, Gertrude shopped around until she found the cheapest private detective available. 
On his way out of Becky's apartment building this evening, he had made it a point to see the concierge. Francis knew his script only too well. He had played this role before tonight. He would greet the apartment manager; the texture of a hundred dollar bill crumpled in the palm of his hand could be felt as they shook hands. Rising to the demands of his own role, the manager would ask him if everything was all right with the apartment, and taking his cue, Francis would assure him that everything was indeed to his satisfaction... well, there was one thing. A minor point, to be sure, but... well, you know how women are. His cousin had mentioned that someone had been in the building asking about her and, well, being a very shy and private person, she didn't like having her privacy invaded. 
At this point in the drama, the manager would insist in the strongest terms possible that no one--absolutely no one--would be allowed to disturb any of the building's tenants. 
"Thank you," Francis said, moving to upper stage right, prepared to make his exit. "I know I can count on you to take care of the matter. And, in the future, should anyone else ask concerning Miss Brown, please tell me about it. Don't bother my cousin. I prefer she not know." 
"I fully understand," the concierge said with a knowing smile and a gracious, albeit unnecessary, bow. 
And that was that, Francis told himself as he went into his bathroom to brush his teeth. Through the walls, even with the water running, he could hear Gertrude's voice droning on and on. He hoped their daughter, Emily, couldn't hear her. He didn't want Emily upset. He turned off the bathroom light, walked over to his bed, and turned down the cover. He was tired. It had been a hectic day at work, and no matter what others said about his getting his job thanks to his wife being one of the Burschaks, Francis Heisler always gave as much as he got from the company. He was tired, too, of Gertrude and her picking, her unending questioning, her infuriating self-righteousness. 
 I should have stuck my head into Emily's room and said good night to her, he reprimanded himself. He'd make it up to her in the morning. Emily, dear, dear Emily; the only good thing to come out of this marriage, he said to himself as once again the waves of guilt came over him. The pain had not let up as the years had gone by. He had hoped it would. He had hoped that the day would come when he could forgive himself for what he had done to his child, forgive himself for sending her away to that school at such a tender age, not letting her home even for summer vacations. How could I have let her come home? He dared not trust himself. He dared not give in to the temptation. He knew his own weakness when it came to his daughter. He knew that if he had let her come home, he would never have been strong enough to send her away again. Finally, the day came when she had to come home. School was over. She was a young woman. Still, the pain he felt never left him. 
Tonight, the pain acted like a soporific, sending him off to sleep, thanks also to the constant sound of Gertrude's voice coming from the next room. In his state of semi-consciousness, he wondered if he would dream again tonight, dream his favorite dream, the one in which he leisurely places his hands around his wife's neck and in something approaching a sexual orgasm, presses and presses until her voice leaves her and her eyes begin to bulge and her tongue protrudes from her mouth, and then the neck and the whole body go limp, like a broken cornstalk he remembered as a child on the farm, and as with that broken cornstalk, he would casually throw Gertrude's body to one side, free at long last of that voice he swore was recorded in hell. 
"...and if you think for one moment that you're going to continue seeing that slut, well, I have news for you, Francis Heisler," Gertrude was saying. She was seated propped up in bed. A book, not looked at since she had heard Francis' footsteps on the stairs, lay next to her. The room was warm, the window was closed, and outdoors there was barely a breath of air stirring, but Gertrude was wearing a flannel nightgown buttoned tightly around her neck. She looked at her hands, always her pride and joy when she used to play the piano. She should have been a concert pianist the way her parents had wanted her to be, she told herself for what could have been the thousandth time. Her hands were now wrinkled and covered with age spots. Creams, prescription lotions--nothing had helped bleach away those ugly spots, and that made her both sad and angry. She hated growing old. It wasn't fair, she said to herself this Friday evening as she picked up a hand mirror from the table next to her bed and looked at her face. Her face was growing blank, as though the years had washed over it, leaving the marble still hard but the once sharp edges worn, smoothed over, with the suggestion that before long the features would disappear completely. 
 He was still handsome, she told herself as she continued her solitary orgy of self-pity. Handsom er , if you ask me. Just like a man. They don't age. Her once-blue eyes looking back at her from the hand mirror were now nearer to a slightly tinted white. She wondered why life had been so stingy with her, giving her nothing more than money. If only she had had a pretty face or a nicer figure or one of those smiles people can't resist, or even a sense of humor. But, no. Only money. And one child. Emily. Plain, unwanted Emily. That's all life had found in its bag of treats to give her, that and nothing more. She herself had been no raving beauty, as they used to say back in the days when she was of marriageable age, but her daughter was even plainer. If it had taken her father's money to get Gertrude a husband, it seemed now that her daughter, Emily, wasn't going to get a husband, not even with the help of all the family money. 
"Serves her right," Gertrude said aloud. "She doesn't deserve a husband. Just as well she never marries and never brings a child of her own into this world." Emily had caused so much agony to her, the thought of a grandchild--a reflection of the daughter Gertrude had come to despise--was too much to bear. And the way Emily adored her father. "They deserve one another, those two. He still dotes on her, as though he was the only man in the world to have a daughter, and she thinks he's so wonderful. Her 'Daddy,' as she calls him. Let them have one another. I don't need either one of them." 
She leaned over and turned off the light next to her bed. She resolved she would not waste another word on him tonight. Why should she? He wasn't worth it. 
Moonlight came into the room through a slit where the drapes did not quite reach the window frame. Gertrude studied the light illuminating a strip of pattern in the wallpaper. Something had happened today. What was it? Oh, yes, she remembered now. A young woman moved in next door. Imagine, a young, attractive woman. Into that house. Why would any young woman want to live there? And with Pat Montgomary? Who is she? Gertrude wondered. Whoever--or whatever--she is, she'd better keep her hands off Francis or I'll pull that young hair of hers out by the roots. With these charitable and neighborly thoughts, Gertrude Heisler fell asleep. 
 
*****
      
As Francis and Gertrude slept and the night wore on, Emily Heisler sat cross-legged on her bed, propped against the pillows piled high against the headboard. She was staring across the room at her favorite toy, Kodi, the brown stuffed Kodiak bear sitting atop her bookcase. She had heard her mother talking a few hours earlier. Although she had not heard her father come in, she could tell he was home. She could always tell when her father was home. Tonight, her mother was--as her father often said--on her soapbox. She hated it when her mother treated him that way. He didn't deserve that treatment. He was kind. He had always been kind to her. Now, she too remembered the school her father had sent her to, remembered the other girls who made fun of her, taunted her, never included her in their games or their activities or their girlish secrets. Emily remembered the seemingly countless hours spent there, longing for her father to come take her away, yet at the same time afraid to go home with him, glad when she didn't have to go back to their house. She was afraid of something there, something she did not understand as a child. With age, she came to know what it was she had feared as a child, she was able to put a name on it, and it was that name which caused all her bitterness, allowed her hatred to grow over the years. 
Even now, that fear sometimes reappeared and changed her daydreams into the old nightmares. 
As she sat propped up in her bed, Emily played with her long mousy brown hair. During the day, she wore it tied in a bun, the hair plaited and swirled like an old-fashioned braided rug. She had seen such hair styles in an old book and she liked them. She wanted to look like those women in their hoop skirts and ruffles around their necks and at the ends of their sleeves. Before going to bed each night, she undid the hair and let it fall halfway down her back. 
She kept her eyes fixed on Kodi, the soft, cuddly bear Daddy had brought back with him the time he went to Alaska. It had been all arranged; she was to go with him, just the two of them. He had promised. But, she --the one who had finally stopped talking and gone to sleep hours ago--wouldn't let them go. She said Alaska was too rough, too unladylike for their daughter. He had promised to bring her back something, and he kept his word. Emily could still remember how he came home from his trip and had teased her about not having anything with him, but she knew him better, she knew he would never do that. She watched as he unpacked his luggage and there it was, a brightly wrapped package she knew had to be for her. He spent that whole evening telling her about Alaska, about the Eskimos, about the bears that roamed the woods, and about the mountains, some of which were snow-covered all year round. He always brought back things with him, but not much anymore. Of course, she reasoned with herself, he doesn't go away on business trips much anymore. Not like he used to. She saw to that. She had called the office where Daddy works--Emily heard the whole conversation her mother had on the telephone--and told Daddy's boss not to send him on so many business trips. 
"Poor Daddy." 
Emily's mind wandered. She thought about the young woman who had moved into the house next door today, the attractive young woman in blue jeans. She wondered what her new neighbor did for a living. She wondered why she was moving into that house next door. Pat Montgomary was away and wouldn't be back until the end of summer, so why was someone taking over that house? 
"I'll see what she's like in the morning," Emily told herself as she reached over and picked up her drink from the night table and took a sip. She made a face. The ice had long since melted, leaving a lukewarm, sweet, insipid liquid. "Of course, I don't have anything in common with her. She's younger than I am. Doesn't look more than in her early twenties. I'll be thirty this year. Thirty. Goddamned, stinking, rotten thirty." 
She flung her drink across the room, hitting Kodi. He fell to the floor and landed propped up against the foot of the bookcase, his head cocked to one side, staring at her. A stream of the liquid, which had been in the glass, ran from a corner of one of his eyes like a solitary tear. 
 
Chapter III 
 
Phillis looked forward to returning to her new apartment each evening after work in the human resources department of WDVI, one of Philadelphia's independent television stations. It was not the job she wanted, but there had been promises made to her that she would soon do occasional writing pieces and make some on-air appearances. In the apartment, there were pictures and mirrors to be hung, linens and the silver service Aunt Olive had given to her to be put away, and furniture to be arranged and rearranged until finally she felt the place was home. 
She loved having the house to herself and pretended it was all hers, although the rooms on the second floor were not for her use. That didn't bother her. She had been brought up to respect both the privacy and property of others. She wondered often, though, what her new housemate was like. When she thought about it, Molly Montgomary hadn't really told her much about this Pat except that she was in her thirties and was the most wonderful person in the whole world to get along with. Phillis didn't even know what kind of work Pat did. 
"She must have a great job or bundles of money to be able to afford a place like this," she more than once said to herself. 
 
***** 
 
	It was Thursday evening of the third week since moving in when Phillis came home from work at her usual time to find a letter waiting for her. It was in the pile of her other mail inside the front vestibule. It had no postage stamp on it. She went into the living room of the silent house and sat down. The particular envelope had beautiful, almost calligraphic, handwriting. The return address showed the name "Molly Montgomary" and her address on Manning Street. Phillis opened it and read: 
 
My dear Miss Toner, 
 
 I do so hope you are happy in your new quarters. It is such a lovely house, so spacious, I don't know how anyone could not be happy in it. 
 I want to let you know that I have just heard from Pat, who will be arriving from Europe tomorrow morning, and should be at the house sometime around mid-afternoon. I fear this will come as something of a surprise to you. I know it did to me. 
I tell you this so that you will not be alarmed should you come home from work on Friday and discover someone in the house. 
 I just know you and Pat will get along splendidly. I do hope the three of us might have dinner together some evening soon. I should enjoy that so very much. Until then, I am 
 
Sincerely, 
 
Molly Montgomary 
 
Phillis was more than surprised. She was annoyed. She distinctly remembered the old woman telling her that Pat would not be back from overseas until the fall. She put the letter in her purse and went up the stairs to her rooms. So, I'll meet my new roommate tomorrow, she said to herself and settled down on the sofa in her sitting room to sort and read the rest of her mail. So much for the peace and quiet of having this whole house to myself. Now comes the acid test. 
 
*****
 
The following evening, Phillis came home directly from work, full of curiosity about the new housemate she was about to meet. She let herself in and headed up the stairs. Music was playing on the second floor. Evidently Pat had arrived home from her trip abroad. Should she stop on the second floor and introduce herself? Or wait until she changed her clothes and come back down later? Better do it now and get it over with, she decided. As she reached the second floor, instead of going up another flight, she turned and followed the sound of Mozart's Jupiter Symphony. It was coming from the second room on the right. She stopped outside the door and knocked. 
"Come in," a deep voice called out. 
Phillis opened the door. The sight which greeted her was undoubtedly the last one she was prepared to see. Standing across the room from her in front of a mahogany dresser, facing the doorway where Phillis now stood, was a man. A handsome man to be sure, she noted, but a man nonetheless. Phillis could not help but gasp. Not only hadn't she expected a man, still less had she expected a man who would have been naked had it not been for the towel around his waist. 
"Who the hell?" they said in unison. 
He had the good sense to grab the robe which had been lying on the bed and put it on. 
"I didn't expect to see a woman," he said. "And by the way, who are you? What is it you want? And, while we're at it, how did you get into this house in the first place?" 
"For one thing, I live here. And in the second place, while we're at it, who are you? If you're a friend of Pat's, then someone should have warned me she'd be having semi-nude boyfriends running around the house. And just who did you think was knocking at your bedroom door?" 
"For your information, lady, I am not a friend of Pat's. I am Pat . I don't know what kind of a game you're playing telling me you live here. This is my house. Has been my house for the past six years. And to the best of my knowledge, neither you nor any other woman lives here with me. I live alone. Besides which, I am not running around the house semi-nude as you put it, although I could if I so choose. I'm in my own bedroom, minding my own business. So, whatever you're trying to pull off, I'll be glad to escort you downstairs and out the front door, unless of course, you'd prefer to wait until I call the police and have them do it instead? And, not that it's any of your business, but I thought it was the man I recently hired to take care of this place. He has a key." 
Phillis clutched her purse in front of her. This was altogether too much, she decided, threatening her with expulsion from her own home. "See here," she said with all the determination she could muster, "I do live here. The entire third floor is mine. Has been mine for the past several weeks. I share the house with a young woman who... Oh, my God, something's beginning to dawn on me. You... you're Pat? Don't tell me"--She pointed a finger at him--"you have an Aunt Molly, Molly Montgomary?" 
"I do. Ever since I was a child. Where does she come into this? Did she...? 
Phillis nodded. "She did. Signed, sealed, delivered. I paid her a month's rent and a month's security. The whole third floor." 
"I'll kill that woman, so help me, I will," he shouted from the bathroom where he was in the process of getting fully dressed. 
When he came out, Phillis was still angry, but calmed down enough to realize how handsome he was. She guessed he was about six-two, using Carl's height of six feet as a measure. Carl wanted to marry her. He was also on the police force. Maybe she should call him right now? No, she did not need the police. Not yet, at least. What she needed was a good lawyer--only she didn't know any lawyers, good or otherwise. She hoped this man standing in front of her with his curly black hair and jet black eyes and.... She stopped herself from examining him further. 
"I think it would be a good idea if we got your Aunt Molly on the telephone, don't you?" 
"I'll call her this instant. There's an extension in the guestroom across the hall. Why don't you get on the line and we'll both get to the bottom of this." 
Phillis did as he suggested. 
A gentle voice came on the telephone. 
"Aunt Molly!" Pat said rather severely 
"Patrick, dear, you're home." Phillis recognized the voice as belonging to the woman who had caused all this trouble. "It is so nice to hear--" 
"Aunt Molly, what the hell have you gone and done this time? Honestly, can't I go away for even a short while without you getting into trouble?" 
"Whatever do you mean?" Molly sounded genuinely innocent. 
"Don't play the sweet little old lady, Auntie Dearest. You know perfectly well what I'm talking about. You rented... The young lady--I don't even know her name--is on the phone with us and she tells me you rented my third floor to her. You've got some explaining to do." 
"Phillis Toner," Molly said in her calmest, most charming tone of voice. "I do so hope you are comfortable in your new surroundings, my dear. You'll see, Patrick, that she's a nice, pleasant young lady. I'm so glad you two have met and I just know that you will soon be getting along so well together you'll wonder why you didn't take my advice sooner and--" 
"Auntie," Pat screamed. "Knock it off. You're in trouble. Big trouble. You took this woman's money, you rented her property which doesn't even belong to you and, if I understand this Miss... Miss...." 
"Toner, dear," Molly said. "You'll have to learn her last name if you're going to live together in that house." 
"We're not going to... Oh, hell!" 
"Now, don't be angry," Molly said. "It's not good for you and you mustn't get yourself so excited, and most certainly not like that. Your father always used to get himself so very upset over things that were relatively unimportant, but of course you don't remember that. You were too young. You're just like him in so very many ways and...." 
Phillis heard Pat swear under his breath. 
"I'm coming right over to your place and we're going to talk about this," he said. 
"I'm sorry, Patrick, but that won't be possible. I'm leaving in just a few minutes. Bertha Belmont's granddaughter--you know her, Melanie? Such a sweet thing--well, Melanie is getting married tomorrow and Bertha and I have to catch a train from Thirtieth Street Station in forty-five minutes. We're a trifle late already. The taxi is waiting outside. I must run. It is so nice having you back from overseas and do try to get along with Miss Toner. I'll call you when I get back on Tuesday and we'll have dinner some evening next week." 
"Never mind, Auntie," Pat said in total resignation. "I'll handle this myself." 
"That's a good boy. I knew you would," Molly said. 
Pat hung up and was coming out of his bedroom as Phillis was coming out of the guest bedroom. "You and I better sit down by ourselves and discuss this situation rationally. Downstairs?" 
"Let me run upstairs first. Then, I'll join you. But I'm warning you, I'm in the right." 
She went up to her bedroom and threw her purse on the bed. As she changed into jeans, all she could think of was that her new housemate had arrived and now what was she going to do? She had no intention of living with some guy she didn't know. Just as bad, the very last thing in the world she felt up to right now was hunting for another place to live, repacking her belongings and moving again. She remembered how difficult it had been to find this place. She pulled a sweater over her head, picked up a brush from the dresser and ran it over her hair, took a deep breath, and said aloud, "Off to battle and may the best one of us win. Scratch that. May Iwin." 
She was almost to the bedroom door when her telephone rang. It was Carl. She had forgotten she was supposed to see him this evening. How was she going to explain Pat to him? All she needed now to make the whole situation perfect was Carl's jealousy. Hearing she was living with another man would be too much for him to accept. She'd be lucky if he didn't kill her and this Pat who turned out not to be a woman. She greeted Carl with a weak, "Hello?" 
It was Carl who was apologetic. He explained that he had to work this evening, something about taking somebody's shift on homicide. 
Phillis felt relief. "If you have to," she said and tried to sound like the understanding fiance she knew she wasn't. She said nothing about the latest development in her life: the man waiting downstairs to talk to her. 
When she got to the first floor, the aroma of coffee was filling the rooms. She found Pat in the dining room. He suggested they sit at the table. 
"The coffee will be ready in a few minutes," he said. 
She sat down at the table across from him. She hoped he wouldn't be too difficult. Like she said, she was in the right. 
All this time, Pat was wondering why his Aunt Molly had done what she did. Molly wasn't senile. She certainly wasn't vicious. She was the kindest person he'd ever known. His parents died when he was ten years old. Molly brought him up and always loved him so very much. So, why, he asked himself, had she done this? She frequently did things he didn't understand, and he wrote them off as the fancies of an old woman, but actually putting someone in his house without his permission? And an attractive young woman at that. Surely, Molly didn't think... No, Molly knew better. If one thing was certain about Molly Montgomary, it was that she never nurtured illusions. She was so very down to earth, unless... unless Molly's memory was beginning to fail her. 
"First of all, my name is Pat Montgomary. But I guess you've figured that out by this time. I know your last name--Aunt Molly impressed it on me enough--but I didn't get your first." 
"Phillis. Everyone calls me Phil." 
He smiled. Yes, Aunt Molly was right, he thought. Phillis was attractive with her light hair and deep purple eyes, and she certainly did have a nice figure--not that those things mattered at the moment. Would never matter, he felt certain. 
"I guess I should start off by explaining Aunt Molly," he said. "Only, I can't. Explain her, that is. No one can. No one who knows her would ever try. I certainly don't have an explanation why she did what she did to you. And to me, for that matter. Molly's really a dear. Wouldn't hurt a soul or even do anything to inconvenience anyone. That's why I just can't understand why she'd actually rent my third floor, drawing up a lease. I'm not even sure I'm allowed to." 
"Zoning?" 
"Something like that. I've owned this house for the past six years. It's a single family house, even though it has a kitchen on the top floor, but I doubt I'm even allowed to rent it." He stood up and went out into the kitchen. "I can imagine what some of my neighbors would say if they found out I had a tenant living here." He came back into the room with the coffeepot and two mugs. 
"It puts both of us in a very inconvenient position, doesn't it?" she agreed. "I mean, I took this third floor because it seemed perfect. The rent was reasonable. I moved all my things, including some pretty heavy furniture, into that apartment. At some expense, I might add." 
He nodded. "Didn't Aunt Molly tell you I live here? You didn't think you were renting the whole house, did you?" 
"Oh, no. Your aunt told me I'd be sharing it with her niece, Pat." 
"Damn! That puts the kick in the old pants, doesn't it? I can't imagine what was going on in her mind, why she would do a thing like that. It's not like Aunt Molly to lie. And you mean to tell me she actually said I was her niece?" 
"I think so. That is... You know, I'm really not sure she did. But I would never have rented a place that meant I'd be living with a strange man. Do you think she's playing matchmaker?" 
Pat laughed. "No, Aunt Molly's not senile." 
She pulled back and stared at him. "Senile? Who said anything about... and why would anyone have to be senile to think that you and..." 
"Don't take it personally," he said. "Nothing against your feminine charms. When I said she wasn't senile, I didn't mean someone would have to be a bit bonkers to think you were attractive. On the contrary. You're very good-looking. It's because I'm gay. Aunt Molly knows that. She's known it since I was in high school. I told her. She was always the kind of person you could tell anything to. No, I don't think she's planning on changing me." 
"Why don't you demand she tell you?" 
"That shows you don't know Molly. She'll tell me when she's ready and not half a second before. You heard her on the phone. When she wants to, she has a way of acting like the sweet little old lady, deliberately misunderstanding you and driving you to distraction. She wouldn't go through this... this fiasco... unless she had a good reason." 
"In the meantime, she plays around with my life." Phillis couldn't help but let a little bitterness creep into her voice. "I move in here, and now what's going to happen to me?" 
"That's simple. I'm sure you'll be able to find another place right away. Of course, I'll reimburse you for whatever expenses you incurred moving here." 
"That's very kind of you," she said, the bitterness growing more noticeable. "And all the work, and inconvenience, and time I spent? Who's going to make that up to me? Of course, I could always have my maid do the packing and my secretary make arrangements for the move and my chauffeur and butler do the actual moving and I'll stay at the Four Seasons while all this is going on." 
He raised a hand. "Okay, I'll make it up to you. We'll come to some kind of arrangement. Whatever is satisfactory to you. But please don't bite my head off." 
She smiled. "Fine. That's the easy part. Now, want a real problem? I have a boyfriend. Carl. He's on the police force. A great guy. We'll probably get married one of these days. But, you see, he comes from a very strict family. He doesn't even approve of women working. Something of a dinosaur. Wasn't too thrilled when I took this place to live. Tell me--you and your Aunt Molly--got any ideas how I can break the news to him that I'm now living with another man? You can say you're gay until you turn purple, it won't make any difference to him. You're a man and I'm a woman--the woman Carl says he loves. I just don't think he'll break out laughing when he finds out you're my new roommate." 
"I agree that does make it worse." 
"Have you any suggestions what I can do about Carl?" 
"I've already suggested: that you find yourself a place as soon as possible. In the meantime, tell this boyfriend of yours that you've met your new housemate and you don't like her." 
Phillis stood up. She excused herself and went up to the third floor. 
"Aunt Molly, if I could get my hands on you this minute, I'd... I'd...." Pat mumbled to himself. 
 
*****
 
	"But, Molly dear, do you still think that what you did was wise?" Bertha asked as they sat side by side on the train, watching the scenery fly by. "You did it while your nephew was out of the country." 
"I know what I'm doing," Molly answered and watched her own reflection on the window, superimposed upon rows of houses in the distance. She moved back a strand of her white hair, which she had had done that day. She couldn't as easily brush away the look of worry on her face. 
"But the neighbors," Bertha protested. "In that neighborhood...." 
"In that neighborhood," Molly said firmly as she turned away from the window and looked at her friend, "you have mostly yuppies, I believe they're called, who couldn't possibly care less. When you have the money it takes to live in Society Hill, your neighbors don't tell you who you can live with or who you can't." 
Bertha leaned sideways in her seat and whispered in Molly's ear, although there was no one close enough to hear their conversation. "Do you think it will help? What I mean, with Pat's... well, that phase he's going through and all... will it actually...?" 
"If you mean will he jump into bed with her, Bertha Belmont, frankly I'm sure he won't. And it's hardly a phase he's going through. He'll be thirty this year, so if he hasn't found our sex attractive by this stage of his life, there's damned little chance it'll happen now, even with a beautiful woman living in the same house with him." 
"Then, why...?" 
"Why put this Miss Toner in his house?" Molly finished Bertha's question for her. Molly, too, had by now lowered her voice, barely audible over the clickety-clack of the train's wheels. "Bertha, dear, I'm going to tell you something. You must promise me you won't repeat it." 
Bertha straightened up. "Molly Montgomary, have I ever, even once, repeated anything you told me not to? I have never betrayed a confidence of yours, not even that time--" 
"I know, I know. Forgive me. It's just that... well, that this is so very important to me. I want the young lady in that house with Pat. It's important to me. I don't know her well--yet--but my instinct tells me she is perfect for what needs to be done. Please don't ask me more. All I can tell you is that it is imperative that this Miss Toner be in that house, at least at this present time. She has to be there." Molly became lost in thought. When she spoke again, her voice was distant, trailing off, as though she were alone. "It's important that I learn certain things about my nephew and I don't know any other way to find them out." 
"Well, be careful, please," Bertha urged Molly. "It can be dangerous butting into other people's lives, even if it is your own flesh and blood. Especially your own flesh and blood." Bertha opened the small case she had on her lap and proceeded to offer her traveling companion a sliced chicken sandwich. "Anyway, Molly, it is wonderful of you to decide to accompany me at the last minute like this to Melanie's wedding. I wasn't looking forward to this trip alone. When you told me a few months ago that you couldn't go with me, well, I was disappointed, but yesterday, when you said you'd go, I was so delighted, especially with Patrick returning from Europe. I thought sure you'd want to spend some time with him. I feel so very much better having you with me. You're a very kind person." 
 Ain't I, Molly said to herself as the train sped through the night. 
 
*****
 
	As Pat lay wide awake, going over everything Phillis had told him earlier, trying to figure out in his own mind what must have been going on in his Aunt Molly's mind when she took it upon herself to rent his third floor, he suddenly remembered something. He expressed his own stupidity by hitting the area between his forehead and top of the head with the open palm of his right hand. 
"Demey! I should have called Demey and told him about Miss Toner. He'll start here tomorrow morning and probably run into her. I hope that won't be a problem. I've had more than my share of problems the past two days." 
Tonight--like his next door neighbor, Emily Heisler, had done the evening before--it was Pat's turn to go back in time to his boarding-school days. He had been a problem to his Aunt Molly, and boarding school seemed the only sensible solution. He had his problems there, too, and in later years he realized he probably would have been expelled if it hadn't been for Franklin York, the Latin instructor who knew what it was like to be twelve years old, away from home, trying hard to put up a good front, all the while feeling inside like a frightened child. Franklin made those first few months tolerable. Over the years, whenever he was in trouble and needed another man's help, he had turned to Franklin. 
Pat began to feel drowsy as he thought over the events of the past two days: Hiring Demey to take the place of his former servant; the telephone call yesterday from Franklin; and finally coming back to his own home and finding a stranger living there, a stranger his Aunt Molly had rented part of his house to. 
With his thoughts ending on that preposition, Pat Montgomary fell asleep. 
 
Chapter IV 
 
Phillis came downstairs at seven-thirty the next morning. Anticipating finding the Philadelphia Inquirer in the front vestibule where it usually was, she was disappointed to see it wasn't there. Maybe it was outside, she thought. She opened the front door and looked. No sign of a newspaper on the top step or anywhere in the vicinity. A man seated in a gray Buick across the street looked at her, then quickly turned his head away. 
"Damn!" she said under her breath. She especially wanted to read the classified ads for apartments. She headed toward the kitchen to make a pot of coffee. She had forgotten to do her usual shopping after work on Friday in anticipation of meeting her new housemate. And when she did meet him, all thought of food shopping disappeared from her mind. As she now walked through the dining room, she noticed a place set at the table. No doubt , she said to herself and smiled, Mr. Montgomary must be a very meticulous person, putting out a place setting the night before, even for Saturday morning. More remarkable was the presence of this morning's newspaper neatly folded and lying next to the place setting. 
Someone came out of the kitchen as she approached the doorway. It was a man. 
"What th--?" she managed to ask in a cracked scream. Her heart was beating so rapidly, she thought she could hear it. 
The one to whom she addressed this question stood in front of her and half a foot taller than she, attired in white. He had a scowl on his round face. His dark eyes glared at her from under bushy eyebrows. 
"I am Demey. I work here. If you're a guest of Mr. Montgomary, then I do so wish he would tell me such things. I had no idea." 
"I... er... I live here," she said, trying hard to sound sure of herself. She knew she hadn't succeeded. 
"You live here? I was assured there was only Mr. Montgomary. If I had known...." 
"You don't have to worry about my being more work for you," Phillis told him. "I'll be out of this house just as soon as I find another place to live." She pulled a chair away from the dining table and sat down. 
"A good idea," Demey said. "From what I hear of this place.... Can I get you some breakfast?" 
Phillis stared at this man who was still standing in front of her. His massive weight, barrel chest, frightened her. Still, there was something.... "Just what do you mean, 'What you've heard of this place'?" 
"It's not important, Miss... er...." 
"Toner. Phillis Toner. But I want to know, what's wrong here?" 
"Nothing, really," Demey said and leaned against the kitchen doorframe. "One hears things, that's all." 
"What kind of things?" She was determined to find out what he meant. 
Demey shrugged. "I've said too much already." He turned to leave the dining room. "I'll fix you some breakfast." 
"But you didn't hear anything to keep you from coming here to work, did you?" she asked. 
"I'm a man. It's different." 
Before Phillis could find out what that statement was supposed to mean, the sound of footsteps hurrying down the staircase and into the dining room stopped her. 
"I see you two have already met," Pat said as he rushed into the room. 
Phillis nodded. "Mr. Demey doesn't believe I live here, even if only for a short while." 
"That's my fault. I should have forewarned both of you. I recently hired Demey to take care of this house." To Demey, he gave an abbreviated account of his Aunt Molly renting his third floor to Phillis. 
"That reminds me, Mr. Montgomary, if I might make the comparison--I don't know the woman in question, your aunt Molly--to the mother of a former employer of mine. From time to time, she would do such things to her family. They never knew what to expect from her next. She did something almost identical, renting a portion of the family's house to someone she met on a train." 
"Older people can be unpredictable," Pat agreed, trying to make a joke of the situation. "No harm done, I suppose." 
"In her case, I'm afraid there was," Demey said. "The person she rented the rooms to turned out to be wanted by the police. For murder. I'll get breakfast," he added, and disappeared into the kitchen. 
"I'm told Demey's a gem," Pat said to his newly acquired tenant, "so don't be disturbed by anything he says or does. He's supposed to work here a few days a week, and if I'm extra nice to him, when I have guests. You might hear him on the fourth floor. I told him he could use a couple of rooms up there." 
"Demey... that's an unusual name, isn't it?" 
"Demetrius. Demetrius Jones. British. From what I'm told, his parents were poor; his father taught school in a mining town, I think. Illusions of classical aspirations or something like that, I suspect. Demey's done just about anything anyone can do, according to his resume. Safari guide, archaeologist, personal valet to Lord Somebody-or-other, rickshaw driver, forest ranger; the list goes on and on." 
Demey came into the room with a place setting for Phillis. He poured coffee for both. 
"Like to read the paper?" Pat asked and handed it over to her. 
"Thanks. Want to see if there are any apartments." She turned the pages and began reading. 
"Anything interesting?" Pat asked after sitting in silence for several minutes, watching her read. 
"Doesn't look that way," she mumbled. 
"Tell me about yourself." 
She looked up from the paper. "Why?" 
"Well, for one thing, it is customary to know a little about the person who's moved into your house while you're away." 
"Mr. Montgomary," she said as she folded the paper and placed it to one side. "I resent the implication in your words that I took advantage of your absence to move into this house. You know as well as I do that--" 
"I was just trying to make conversation and be friendly, that's all," he protested. "If you don't wish to talk about yourself or talk at all, that's okay with me." 
"I'm edgy," she apologized. "I'm really much pleasanter than you've seen me. It's just that I wasn't prepared for all this." 
"I know my aunt is to blame. But I hope you won't be too angry with her." 
"I'm not. I'm angry with myself. All my friends told me I was crazy to move in here without first getting to know the person who lived here. But I had to find a place right away and you weren't supposed to come back from Europe until the fall. If I had done a little investigating, this whole situation would never have happened. I blame myself, not your aunt." 
Demey returned with a tray laden down with breakfast: fresh fruit, eggs Benedict, and freshly baked apple turnovers. "Only a minor masterpiece," he said. As he left the room, he could be heard mumbling over his shoulder, "On such short notice." 
"We might as well make the best of the situation," Pat said after they began eating. 
She stared at him. "What's that supposed to mean?" 
"It's Saturday. Anything worthwhile by way of apartments to rent will be in tomorrow's paper, not today's, so why don't you relax until then. First thing Monday morning, if you find any in the paper, you can start looking at those you think might be of interest to you. I'll help. I have a car and I can drive you to any places you want to see." 
"Thank you, that's very generous of you. Now, if only you could come up with such an easy solution about Carl. What do I do about him in the meantime?" 
"Oh, him. Well, you could call him and say you're sick and can't see him." 
"He'd insist upon coming here to take care of me, and his mother would be on your front doorstep with a pot of her German soup so thick and greasy, you'd have to slice it." 
"Tell him you have to go away for the weekend." 
"He'd have a thousand questions and probably try to go with me." 
"You have tons of work to do and won't have a minute to spend with him?" 
"He'd want to help." 
"Dump him." 
"Huh?" 
"Dump him," Pat repeated. "He doesn't sound like a boyfriend to me. More like a millstone around your neck." 
"Some people may just happen to like millstones," she snapped back. "Mr. Montgomary, I shall try to keep Carl away from here all weekend. In the unlikely event he does get into this house, I would appreciate it if you'd not let yourself be seen. If he does see you, there's no telling what he'd do. He's terribly jealous." 
Pat shrugged. "Sure, glad to. I'll hide in my closet." 
She looked at him with raised eyebrows. "If that was supposed to be a joke...." 
"Be careful. You almost smiled just then." 
She didn't want to admit it, but she knew he was right. She did almost smile. And she realized Pat had a great smile himself. He showed teeth to make a move star envious, and wherever he had been in Europe, he certainly had gotten a great tan and.... 
"More coffee?" 
"That would be nice." 
Pat called Demey, but got no answer. He got up and went into the kitchen to return a few moments later with the coffeepot. "Sorry. Demey has disappeared. Guess he went out the back door for something." 
"I was told I could use the sundeck on the second floor. I have to go out on an errand. After I get back... do you mind?" Phillis said as she finished the last of her coffee and got up from the table. 
"By all means." He, too, got up. 
He walked up the staircase behind her. They reached the second-floor landing. Phillis started up the stairs to her apartment, then stopped. 
"Demey doesn't like me," she turned and said to Pat. 
"What makes you say that?" 
"He implied I didn't belong here." 
"That could be a touch of resentment on his part," Pat offered. "I did engage him to take care of a household of one. He may think two people would be twice the work." 
"He thinks even less of your home." 
Pat stared with a look that said, "See here, that's going too far." 
She repeated what Demey had told her earlier, about the things going on in this house. 
Pat looked puzzled and a bit hurt. "I'll take care of him," he said, more to himself than to Phillis. "I'm going out for a while." He turned and headed toward his bedroom. 
Phillis shrugged, then continued on her way to the third floor. Fifteen minutes later, she left the house. 
Shortly after that, Pat went out the front door and got into his car. 
For all the world, the house was now empty. Even the gray Buick with a man seated in it, which Phillis had seen when she first came downstairs, was gone. 
 
*****
 
It was almost eleven o'clock that same morning when, having returned home and changed into a bikini with a robe thrown over her shoulders, Phillis left her apartment, went down to the second floor, and walked to the end of the hallway. As she passed Pat's sitting room doorway, she heard him talking on the telephone. She went through the French doors leading out to the sundeck, arranged a reclining chair, draped her robe over its back, and put her bottle of sunscreen on a small table next to it. She stood at the railing for a moment, took a deep breath of the warm air, then looked down at the garden below. 
Pat replaced the telephone receiver when he heard footsteps hurrying along the hall. There was a loud, impatient pounding on his door. 
"You better come down to the garden with me," Phillis said excitedly as soon as he opened the door. "Something down there...." 
She stepped aside and he came out of his room and ran down the stairs. She caught up with him as he squatted down in the middle of the garden off the kitchen. 
"Who is she?" Phillis asked. 
"Mrs. Heisler. She lives next door." He stood up and went into the house. She heard him use the telephone. 
A door opened someplace and footsteps came toward her. A man came through the door connecting this garden with its neighbor. He stopped in his tracks and looked down. "Gertrude!" he shouted and knelt down beside the woman who lay on her back staring up at the sky, her arms above her head. She was wearing navy blue slacks, a light tan golf jacket with a small area of red on its front, and lying next to her on the ground was a white sun hat. Pat came out through the kitchen door. 
"Is she...?" Phillis mouthed the question. 
Pat nodded. "I've called 9-1-1," he told his neighbor who most likely did not hear him. 
It wasn't long before sirens were heard. Pat hurried to answer the front door and returned with two paramedics. They took over and began examining the body. From the looks on their faces, it was clear there was nothing they could do to help her. 
"This your house?" one of them stood up and asked Pat. 
Pat told him it was. 
"Don't move the body, don't touch anything. The police will have to be notified." 
"What...?" 
"She's been shot," the young man in white explained. 
The shock of the news barely had time to sink in when a second set of sirens was heard. Within seconds, the back garden and the alley, which ran along behind it, were filled with police cars. Immediate neighbors as well as the inquisitive from blocks around came to see what all the excitement was about. Phillis noticed one policeman in particular. He noticed her, too, and came toward her. 
"Carl," she said and wondered why she suddenly felt nervous. She had done nothing wrong, but had she herself pulled the trigger that killed Mrs. Heisler, she couldn't have felt more guilty. 
"I knew you should never have moved into this house," Carl said. He had a shock of blonde hair and light blue eyes showing his Germanic ancestry. "Know anything about her?" he asked and nodded in the direction of the corpse. "Who found her?" 
"I did," Phillis said. There was something accusing in Carl's tone, she thought. Why should he blame her? And her moving into this house certainly had nothing to do with this woman getting herself killed. 
"Who's he?" Carl asked as he stared at Pat, who was busy answering questions from Carl's superior. 
Phillis was proud of the way she thought fast. "Mr. Montgomary. He owns this house." 
"And your roommate? Wasn't she supposed to arrive yesterday?" 
"Something held her up," Phillis lied. 
"Well, I'll have to get in touch with her. What's her name? Know where I can reach her?" 
Phillis stuttered. "Her... her... name?" 
"Yes, you know, what people call her." 
Phillis didn't like the new tone creeping into Carl's voice. She'd never known him to indulge in sarcasm before. She thought desperately and tried hard to come up with an answer that wouldn't exactly be a lie, yet one which would satisfy him. She was saved by Carl himself. 
"Never mind," he told her. "I can get that information from the owner." He headed in Pat's direction. 
Phillis intercepted him. She reached Pat's side in time to say, "Mr. Montgomary, this is Carl Wilhelm. He wants to know where he can contact your other tenant, my roommate." She prayed Pat would get the message she was screaming at him with her eyes. Pat hesitated and stared at Carl. Phillis felt her heart stop. 
"You mean Miss Knockenspiegel?" Pat asked the policeman. They were a study in contrasts: Pat with his jet black hair, dark brown eyes, and deep tan; Carl with his light blond hair, light blue eyes, and exceptionally fair skin. "She's still in Tibet," Pat went on to explain. "Studying in a monastery there. Got a letter from her only yesterday. She won't be coming back. Afraid I can't give you her address. Threw the letter away. Sorry." He turned and addressed the senior police official. "As I was saying, Mrs. Heisler has lived in the house next door for the past twenty or so years, I understand. Mr. Heisler, is he all right? Someone with him?" 
"His housekeeper," Detective Sylvester replied. He was in charge of the scene. He was slightly taller than Pat, and heavier.
"Will there be anything else?" Pat asked. 
"Just Miss Toner." He looked at Phillis. "I understand you're the one who found the body?" 
"I didn't exactly find it," Phillis told him. "I went out on the sundeck upstairs--" She pointed overhead to the deck which projected out from the second story of the house, covering approximately half the garden area. "--and stood at the rail for a moment. I happened to look down and I saw... saw someone sprawled out on the bricks down here, looking up at me. When it registered that something was wrong with her, I told Mr. Montgomary and he was the one who came out first and discovered she was dead. That is really all I had to do with finding the body." 
Someone approached and whispered in Detective Sylvester's ear. They walked away. Before leaving to follow his superior, Carl frowned and stared first at Phillis, who was still wearing nothing more than a bikini, then gave Pat an equally inquisitive glance. 
"Thank you," Phillis whispered to Pat as soon as Carl was out of earshot. 
He bowed slightly. "You know, it's not smart lying to the police anytime, but it's especially stupid to do it in the middle of a murder investigation." 
"I didn't lie. Not really." 
They were both talking through clenched teeth and pretending to be interested in what the police were doing. 
"I said this was your house and Carl presumed I meant you were nothing more than just that, the owner," she tried to rationalize. "I wonder now, though, when is it going to occur to him to ask what you were doing here this morning." 
"As soon as it sinks in that you just told Detective Sylvester that when you saw Mrs. Heisler, you ran to tell me." 
"And, Miss Knockenspiegel. Where did you get that name?" 
They both giggled nervously. Pat had to turn away. "Here comes Sylvester," he quickly turned back and warned her. 
Detective Sylvester pointed toward the back of the house directly behind Pat's house. "Who lives there?" he asked. 
"No one right now," Pat answered. "The owners are the Rhynns. They're currently in South America. He's with the State Department." 
Detective Sylvester told Carl to get working on it. Carl tore his gaze away from Phillis and Pat and hurried off. 
"What's that house got to do with Mrs. Heisler's death?" Pat asked. 
"From the trajectory of the bullet and according to the M.E.'s preliminary examination, it looks as though the bullet that killed your neighbor came from one of the upper floors of that house. Either of you hear a gunshot this morning or see anyone in or around that house lately?" 
Pat told him they hadn't heard a gunshot, that he had been out most of the morning. As for "recently," he had just returned from Europe yesterday. When asked, Phillis said she, too, had been away from the house for most of the morning. 
Sylvester had no further questions, he told them, and added that for the next day or two he'd appreciate it if they would not use the back garden. It was still technically the scene of a killing and would be cordoned off to everyone. 
Inside the house, as they stopped in the kitchen, Pat said to Phillis, "Welcome to rich, exclusive Society Hill, where the elite meet to be killed." 
Phillis shivered. 
"Want to get away from here for a while?" 
"Where?" 
"There's a flea market today at Old Swedes Church, if you like such things." 
"I go a bit crazy at flea markets. Give me a couple of minutes to change." She ran up the stairs to her apartment. 
Pat sat in the downstairs living room waiting for her. As he sat there, he remembered Gertrude Heisler. He had never gotten to know her, her husband, or their daughter very well. He wondered what she had been doing in his garden. Was she coming to see him? Maybe. They used the back door as a rule when either wanted to speak to the other. Or, it could be she had come looking for Fred. Fred was the Heislers' cat. He often came into Pat's garden to sun himself on the wrought iron bench under the tree and curl up for a nap. They'd probably never find out why she was in his garden. He looked up as Phillis came down the stairs into the living room. 
"Oh, my God!" he exclaimed as he slowly rose from his seat. Phillis was coming toward him. "Look at yourself." His bewilderment frightened her. 
"What's wrong? What's the matter?" 
"Here, come here!" he said and almost dragged her out into the hall and stood her in front of the full-length, gold-leafed, elaborately molded mirror which stood against the far wall. "Look at yourself!" he shouted. 
"So, I don't look like--" 
"Phil, the way you're dressed." 
She spun around. "And what's wrong with the way I'm dressed?" 
He put his hands on her shoulders and turned her back to face the mirror. "Those blue slacks. That tan golf jacket. That white hat. Don't you see?" 
The blood drained from her face. "No... no, it can't mean anything. Coincidence. Lots of women have blue slacks. And these beige golf jackets, you see them everywhere. Even men wear them. As for this hat.... " She pulled it off and threw it on the hall table. 
"Phillis, you're dressed exactly like Mrs. Heisler. With her back to that house the gunshot came from, she could easily have been mistaken for you. Isn't it possible that whoever shot her thought it was you? Have you worn this same outfit around here before today? Think! It could be very important. Maybe we should tell Detective Sylvester." 
"You're being ridiculous. I happen to be dressed somewhat like a woman who gets herself shot and now you think that the killer was after me? That's impossible." 
"Just the same, I don't think you should go out. Not until the police find out why Mrs. Heisler was killed." 
"Whoever killed her is miles away by this time. And if you think I'm going to stay a prisoner in this house until the police find some madman, you're crazy. With the number of senseless killings that take place every year, they may never find him." 
"Just the same, I think we should stay home. It's lunchtime. I'll get Demey to fix us something to eat. By the way...?" 
Phillis shook her head. "I haven't seen him either, now that I think of it." 
 
Chapter V
 
It was mid-afternoon when Demey returned, coming in the front door, his arms loaded with groceries and a puzzled look on his face. 
Pat heard him and came down to meet him at the foot of the staircase. 
"Why all the police cars in the neighborhood?" Demey asked. 
Pat told him what had happened. 
Without comment on the events, Demey said, "I must start dinner. Miss Toner will be here too, no doubt." 
Pat had succeeded in convincing Phillis she should stay in the house for the remainder of the day. She was unnerved, but would not admit the killing of Mrs. Heisler had anything to do with her uneasiness. Pat had a small library of videos and she spent the afternoon watching movies. By dinnertime, she was hungry and was about to fix herself a light dinner when Pat called up the staircase to tell her Demey had fixed a dinner for them bordering on the gourmet. 
"The condemned ate a hearty meal?" she said as she came into the dining room. 
"I would like you to have at least one pleasant memory of this house," Pat corrected her. "Hope you like what Demey has prepared." 
"I'm sure I will." She took her seat at the opposite end of the long mahogany table. 
The room was generous and could easily have accommodated much larger furniture. There was a chair rail around the room. The walls were covered in silk: the lower portion in a pale green, the upper in a soft beige. There was a fireplace along one long wall opposite the windows, which looked out onto a narrow extension of the back garden. Over the mantle was an oil painting of an English garden. A gold-plated and crystal chandelier hung over the table. Classical music was playing softly in the background. Candles gave off a subtle lavender scent. 
"Are the police still here?" she asked. 
"There's a patrol car in the back alley," Pat answered her. "I spoke to Detective Sylvester while you were upstairs. By tomorrow, or Monday at the latest, the garden should be ours again." 
"Did they find anything? I mean, what they used to call 'clues,' like in that Charlie Chan movie I watched this afternoon." 
"You watched Charlie? When I'm in the mood, I enjoy his old movies. Which one did you watch?" 
" Charlie Chan at the Opera. "
"One of my favorites. That and Castle in the Desert . They were all good. Campy." 
"But you still didn't answer my question. Did the police find anything more?" 
"'Fraid so," he finally answered. "They got into the house in back, the one--" 
"The one the gunshot came from?" 
He nodded. "The Rhynn place. There's evidence someone has been in there. Only...." He stopped, seemed to have trouble deciding to continue. "Only, they're positive the gun wasn't fired from the second floor. It was fired from the third." 
She stared at him and when he did not go on to explain, she said, "So?" 
He looked at her. "Is there anyone, anyone at all who might wish to harm you? I know that's a bit melodramatic and all, but damn it, Phil, would anyone want you dead?" 
"Why do I have the feeling that I dozed off during that movie this afternoon and any moment Charlie Chan or his Number One Son will come into this room? You're right, it is melodramatic. Corny, actually. Sorry to disappoint you, but I don't have any enemies. And what's that got to do with which floor the gunshot came from?" 
"Because, whoever was in that house was positioned to fire directly across to the third floor of this house, your floor, not the garden on the ground level. In fact, it's surprising he was able to hit Mrs. Heisler where she was standing in my back garden from up there, and that the bullet actually killed her. By the way, don't be surprised if Sylvester stops by here this evening to talk to you." 
She wiped her mouth and put down her napkin. "Look, Pat, I moved in here in good faith. We don't have to go over all that again, I trust. I'm a working girl who never made any enemies, unless you count swearing a few times at those city drivers who almost run over pedestrians. I'm twenty-six, never been married, I don't cheat at cards, don't even cheat on my income tax. So who's out there to gun me down? It's your house. Seems to me it would be more likely that madman is out to get you than me." 
"Just the same, please be careful. I told Detective Sylvester about what you were wearing today and he agreed it wouldn't hurt not to go out walking the streets for a while. Could be some lunatic who has you mixed up with someone else or who imagines you did him some harm. You don't have to actually injure someone to make an enemy. It suffices if someone thinks you did. For your own sake, lie low for a while." 
"While I'm apartment hunting? Maybe I could arrange for them to bring a few apartments here for me to inspect." 
"I'll be available all day Monday. If there are any interesting places in tomorrow's paper, I'll drive you to see them." 
Demey brought in coffee accompanied by a chocolate torte. 
"It's nowhere up to my usual standard," Demey said as he cut slices. "I'm still shaking from that... that gruesome, cold-blooded murder. And right in our own backyard!" 
Phillis found herself relaxing for the first time since meeting Pat the previous evening. He wasn't a bad sort, she decided, and under different circumstances.... But he's gay, she reminded herself. 
"Carl called," she said, coming out of her reverie. "Wanted to see me later tonight when he gets off duty, but I told him I was too tired with the excitement, that I wanted to get to bed early. I got the impression there was something on his mind--something he was worried about but didn't want to discuss over the phone. He did say one thing, though, that I've been mulling over ever since. He said he interviewed Mr. Heisler and got the impression he wasn't that broken up over his wife's death. Could it be he killed his own wife?" 
Pat wrinkled his brow. "Possible, I suppose. I always had the impression that theirs was a somewhat cold marriage, not much affection shown there. He could have gotten into the Rhynn house in back and.... But why shoot from the third floor? Why make it more difficult to hit his mark?" 
The doorbell rang. Demey answered it and returned with both Detective Sylvester and Carl. Pat offered them coffee. Sylvester accepted and sat down at the table. Carl declined and indicated he would remain standing. Demey poured. Phillis had the uncomfortable feeling Carl was staring at her. 
"I have a few questions, if you don't mind," Sylvester said as he looked across the table at Phillis. I need to know where both of you were this morning, up until the time you discovered Mrs. Heisler's body, Miss Toner." 
"I went shopping. A working girl usually only has weekends for that." 
"What time did you return?" 
"I wasn't gone long. About eleven, I'd say." 
"And you, Mr. Montgomary?" 
"I had to get something fixed on my car. You can check with the gas station I use." 
"I also need some personal facts concerning yourself, Miss Toner, if you'll be so kind." He asked how long she had lived there, her previous residence, place and length of employment. He also asked, as Pat had already done, if she knew of anyone who might wish her harm. 
She denied this last question even more vehemently than she had when responding to Pat's questions. "And I do wish everyone would stop trying to frighten me." 
"No one is trying to frighten you, Miss Toner," Sylvester assured her, using his best fatherly tone of voice. "We just don't want anything to happen to you, that's all." 
"Did you ever find out why Gertrude Heisler was in my garden?" Pat asked. 
"That's the very reason I've questioned Miss Toner concerning anyone wanting to harm her." The detective turned and addressed Pat. "According to Mr. Heisler, his wife was on her way over to this house to speak to Miss Toner." 
"To me?" Phillis was surprised. "I didn't know the woman. Don't think I ever even saw her. Why in heaven's name would she want to speak to me?" 
"Mr. Heisler said his wife told him she was coming over here to talk to you about something. He said he remembers quite distinctly what she said to him just before she went out their kitchen door to come over to this house. She said...." He referred to a small notepad he had taken from his inside jacket pocket. "She said, 'I must speak to that young woman next door. I don't like what I've seen and I think someone should warn her.'" He flipped the cover shut on his notepad. 
Phillis' face blanched as she stared at the policeman, unable to take in fully what he had just told her. 
Eventually, she spoke. "Then... what you're telling me is that Mrs. Heisler was killed because of me? That if she hadn't started out to come here, she wouldn't have been killed?" 
"We can't say that, Miss. All we know for any certainty is that she was killed on this property and that, according to her husband, she was here to speak to you about something she felt was important." 
Phillis knew Carl hadn't taken his eyes off her, except to glare at Pat. She was afraid he knew the truth, that Pat was her "roommate." The dessert, the coffee, the lighted candles, all bespoke of an intimate dinner for two. 
"Mr. Montgomary," Carl said and took a step toward the table. "Do you live here?" 
"Actually, I...." 
"Mr. Montgomary lives here," Phillis said before Pat was forced into another lie on her account. "He's my new roommate or should I say, 'housemate'? The whole thing has been one colossal misunderstanding. Mr. Montgomary's aunt rented me the third floor of this house while he was abroad, along with the use of the rest of the place. I presumed when she called him Pat, she was talking about her niece. I never suspected it could be her nephew. Besides, he wasn't due back from Europe until the fall. Anyway, I shall be moving out just as soon as I find a place." 
"I see," Carl said and backed away. 
Phillis was sure he did not see. She was also sure that her answer had not satisfied him one bit and that he would have said more if his superior weren't in the room. 
"Captain Sylvester," Phillis said, deliberately ignoring Carl, who was no longer looking at her, "does Mr. Heisler have any idea at all what his wife thought I should be warned about? I mean, didn't she give any indication of what she had seen or heard that she thought was important enough to come over here to tell me?" 
"Not to me. Carl?" 
Carl realized his superior was addressing him. "Ah, there was one thing he told me. Said his wife had seen someone in the Rhynn house in back, watching Miss Toner." 
"While I was sunbathing on the deck?" 
"I don't think so," Carl answered her question, but continued to look at Sylvester. "Someone was evidently looking in Miss Toner's rooms during the daytime while she wasn't home." 
"But that doesn't make any sense. Why would someone want to be looking in my rooms when no one was there?" 
"Most likely casing the property," Sylvester suggested. "The more professional burglars find out as much as they can about a place and the inhabitants' habits before they break in." He stopped talking, took a deep breath, looked down at his coffee cup, then up at Phillis. "I was talking to someone today, Miss Toner," he began deliberately. "Sheriff Wilkens. In Texas. You know him? He knows a great deal about you and your relationship with the Lord family there. You worked for Mr. Lord, right? And you were involved with his son, Ronald Lord. Gossip in that little town--and believe me, Miss Toner, I'm not one to believe in gossip, still one never knows for sure how much of it might be true--gossip had it that you became pregnant. The Lords wouldn't let their son go on seeing you. Then Mr. Lord was found shot to death in the town's hotel, and a young woman, a woman who fit your description, was seen running down the fire escape. The witness, a dimwitted soul according to Sheriff Wilkens, couldn't swear it was you he saw. Care to tell me about it, Miss Toner?" He waited in silence for Phillis' answer. 
"You don't have to say anything, you know," Pat told her. 
"I don't mind," Phillis said softly. "I've been all through this before and I guess I'll go through it again and again. I went over everything--the whole damned mess--a dozen times with Sheriff Wilkens. He thinks I did it, killed Mr. Lord. I didn't. I went to that hotel room to ask Mr. Lord--no, to beg him--to let me see Ron. When I got there, he was already dead. I didn't know it at first. He was lying on the floor and I thought he was sick, so I knelt down next to him to see if there was anything I could do. When I realized he had been shot, I also realized how it would look for me. A lot of people knew what had happened and they might blame me for his death. I got out of there as soon as I could. Before I left Texas, I was assured the case was closed." These last words she spoke with venom. 
Sylvester nodded in acquiescence. "But one last question, if I may. Why did you meet him in a hotel room? Why not his office? His house?" 
"Because it was Sunday. Meeting Mr. Lord in his office on Sunday would have looked strange. I couldn't go to his house. His wife despised me--and not just because her son was involved with me. It went further. Her husband had made more than one pass at me when I first went to work for him. It got so bad, I had to finally quit that job." 
Sylvester looked at Pat. "By the way, Mr. Montgomary, why were you in Europe recently? 
"Purely for pleasure," Pat answered him. "I spent time in France and Germany, then a couple of weeks with friends in England." 
"I understand you cut your trip short?" Sylvester asked. 
"Something came up with those friends in England. They had to go away for a while. They offered to let me have their place, but I didn't want to impose, so I came home earlier. Why?" 
"Not important. Just for the records, you understand. You got back when? Friday?" 
"I told you that already." 
"Your... er... housekeeper, Mr. Demey? I would like to ask him a few questions." 
Pat called out, "Demey." 
Demey appeared immediately. 
Detective Sylvester got right to the point. "Where were you when Mrs. Heisler's body was found?" 
Demey answered without hesitation. "Since I don't know exactly when that was, I can't say where I was." 
"Let's say all morning, starting with right after breakfast," Sylvester snapped. 
"After cleaning up here, I left to do some food shopping. There was virtually no food in this house. I needed a number of things for this evening's meal, especially with the unexpected presence of Miss Toner." 
"And you returned when?" 
"Around three or so this afternoon." 
"That many hours? You must have bought a great deal of food." 
 "I did other shopping. I went to several stores for a few personal things I needed. Since I wasn't needed here, I had lunch at the Reading Terminal. Possibly someone can remember seeing me. I presume everyone else can account for their activities?" Demey shot a lightning glance in Phillis' direction. 
"That, Mr. Demey, is something we intend to find out," Detective Sylvester said and stood up. "Well, I won't disturb you anymore this evening." He turned to leave, Carl at his heels. Demey led the procession to the front door. Pat and Phillis followed. 
"There is one other thing I think I should mention to you, Miss Toner," Detective Sylvester said as he stood in the hall, his hand resting on the vestibule doorknob. "We spent most of today questioning the people who live in this neighborhood. Most knew Mrs. Heisler. Most did not know much about either of you two. There was one person who knew you, Miss Toner. Mr. Peterson, who lives across the street. Perhaps you know him?" 
Phillis shook her head without answering. 
"He told us he works in the same building you do, at Fifth and Market." 
"A lot of people work in that building." 
"I know, but Mr. Peterson knows you, knows where you work. He told us that a while back--he wasn't exactly sure of the dates--someone was around that building, asking questions about you: how long you worked there, about where you lived, if you had any family, questions like that. Does that mean anything to you?" 
She shook her head. 
Sylvester opened the front door. "If you have any ideas about it, let me know. Call me anytime. Anytime." 
"I've got the willies," Phillis said to Pat after the two police officers had left. "Everyone seems to think I'm in some kind of danger. Someone's prying into my life. And Carl, God only knows what he's thinking this moment. I couldn't let you go on lying. This is your house and I don't think you should be put in the position of having to lie about living here." 
"You may have the willies, but I'm scared." 
"You? Why are you scared?" 
"Didn't you hear him, what he said about the way they spent the day, questioning our neighbors?" 
Phillis shrugged. 
"They asked them about us. What does that tell you?" 
"I don't know." 
"It sounds to me as though our Detective Sylvester thinks you and I are somehow involved in Gertrude Heisler's killing. He considers us suspects, otherwise why question the neighbors about us?" 
Phillis was leaning against the wall in the downstairs hall. "This is just what I need. First, I rent an apartment that wasn't supposed to be rented, in a house with a strange man, and my fianc doesn't like it, then someone gets killed in the backyard and everyone tells me I'm in danger, that the killer made a mistake and really meant to kill me. Plus which, someone's nosing around where I work, asking about me. If all that isn't enough, now you tell me that the police think one of us could be a homicidal maniac. If they're right and I'm the killer, I'll end up in a state hospital for the criminally insane. If it's you, I'll be murdered in my bed or bath. Either way, it promises to be an interesting next couple of days." 
Demey began putting out the lights on the first floor. He watched as Pat and Phillis began climbing the staircase. He shook his head. 
Before putting out the lights in the living room, Demey parted the curtains and looked out. It was dark. Cars were parked along the curb on Spruce Street. From the streetlight falling on one car--a gray Buick, almost directly across the street--he could see a man seated in that car. Demey turned off the light nearest the front window and stood in semi-darkness for several seconds. The gray Buick started up and drove away. 
 
Chapter VI
 
Of the many apartment listings in the Sunday Philadelphia Inquirer , after eliminating those out of her price range and those out of walking distance to work, Phillis found only two which suited her. Both had business telephone numbers, so she wouldn't be able to get any information until Monday morning. She was indoors in her third-floor sitting room, although the sun was shining brightly and she would so very much have liked to go out on the second-floor sundeck. From what both Pat and Detective Sylvester had said to her the evening before, she doubted if she'd ever again be able to relax outdoors on that deck. 
She looked at the telephone on the table next to her. Should she call Carl? she asked herself. No, that would only involve more explanations, and frankly, she didn't feel either like offering them or being put in the position where she would be forced to give them. 
It was Sunday and she had the whole day ahead of her with no special plans. Even going out for a walk seemed less than exciting after Pat's suggestion that whoever killed Mrs. Heisler had made a mistake and could now be out there waiting to correct that mistake. She wondered what Ginny, her best girlfriend, was doing today. Maybe she'd call her later. 
She heard her name called from below. It was Pat's voice. 
"It's Sunday and the sun's shining," he said to her from the second floor as she leaned over the top banister. "Some friends of mine are going for a ride to New Hope. Why don't you join us? Provided, of course, you don't object to that kind of company." 
She came down several steps until she could see him at closer range. "What kind of company would that be?" 
"My kind," he said. "There'll be Dan and Peter. They've been together almost fifteen years. And Philip. He's an old friend of mine. Lots of fun, all of them. If you don't, we'll understand." He suddenly realized she didn't know what he was talking about. "Gay friends," he explained. 
"Oh," she said, then realized she sounded surprised. "It sounds wonderful. I love Bucks County. How soon?" 
"One okay with you?" 
She told him she'd be ready. 
Pat turned and headed toward his sitting room on the second floor. It wasn't that he especially wanted Phillis to join him and his friends. He wasn't even sure she'd fit in well with them. What was important to him this Sunday afternoon was that he know exactly what his new--if unwanted--tenant was up to. The questions had been nagging at him since yesterday: Where was Phillis Toner when Gertrude Heisler was shot? Was she really out shopping all that time? Did she have some way of getting into the Rhynn house? Growing up in Texas, he reasoned, she might be an expert with a rifle. But why kill Gertrude? For that matter, why rent part of a house and have to live in it with someone you've never met? And with what Detective Sylvester said last evening, was she a murderer? Had she killed that Mr. Lord in Texas? 
On the other hand, he reasoned, if she was not a killer, if someone else was trying to kill her and had killed Gertrude by mistake, then it would be an equally good reason to keep an eye on Miss Toner this afternoon. He wasn't ready for another murder in his backyard. 
The only thing of which Pat Montgomary was absolutely certain today was that he had to have that young lady where he could keep an eye on her. 
 
*****
 
As Phillis walked back up to her apartment to get ready for the ride to New Hope, she was grateful for the opportunity to get out of the house. She didn't want to stay in, especially now that she knew Pat was going out. She didn't want to be left alone in the house with Demey. Just as important to her was that by going with Pat and his friends, she'd know where Pat Montgomary was all afternoon, what he was up to. Where had he been yesterday morning when Gertrude Heisler was murdered? And if he was the killer, had he intended to shoot his neighbor or had he thought he was aiming at her, Phillis? But why? Why kill her? One doesn't usually murder someone over a simple misunderstanding such as renting his third floor. At least no normal person would. 
This evening, she told herself, she'd make sure to lock her bedroom door and keep the telephone next to her bed. She could always call Carl if Patrick Montgomary tried anything. 
 
*****
 
The day was warm, and the sky was clear with only an occasional truant cloud. The countryside was green everywhere, so different from the city with its dull grays and drab browns. They stopped at a flea market where Phillis bought a bracelet and a framed print she said would be perfect in her office at work. In New Hope, they joined the other tourists looking in the shop windows at the gifts, crafts, clothing, and gourmet foods. They went into many of the stores. Philip bought some spices he said he couldn't find elsewhere. It was Peter's idea that they indulge themselves in gigantic ice cream cones, which they ate as they strolled along the canal. Later, they stopped at a well-known gay restaurant and had dinner, then headed home. 
After getting out of the car in front of Pat's house in Society Hill and saying their thank-yous and good nights, Phillis and Pat walked up the stone steps to the front door. 
"I had a really wonderful time," she told him. "I enjoyed everything." 
"Even my friends?" He unlocked the door. 
"Especially your friends. They're very nice people, all of them. And Philip is funny, isn't he? You should feel lucky having such good friends." 
"I could tell they liked you, too." He pushed open the heavy front door and stepped in ahead of her. "Oh, and what's this?" He bent over. When he stood up, he had an envelope in his hand. He tore it open and took out a piece of paper. "What th--? This is for you. Sorry, I opened it out of habit." He turned over the envelope and pointed out her name scrawled on the front of it. 
"Aren't you going to let me see it?" She held out her hand. 
The paper read: 
 
Phil, 
 
Please call me when you get home, no matter how late it is. 
 
Carl 
 
"Oh, dear. I'll get it for sure now. I should have called him before we left. I enjoyed myself so much this afternoon I must admit I forgot all about Carl and about the killing. Now, it's back to reality." 
"Maybe he has something new to tell you about Mrs. Heisler's death." 
They were on the staircase going to the second floor. 
"I'll let you know if it's anything about that," she told him. In her bedroom, she put on a robe and sat down next to the telephone. "Here goes," she sighed. 
Carl answered before the second ring. "Thank goodness you're home," he said. "I've been trying to get you all evening. I was afraid something had happened to you." 
"Was out for a ride this afternoon with some friends. I had to get away and forget all the unpleasantness here." 
There was a pause before Carl spoke again. When he did, his tone changed. She felt there was the tinge of accusation in it. "About Mr. Montgomary and you living together in that house," he began. "What I would like to know, Phil, is what is going on there. Why are you living with someone? After all we've been to one another, I think I deserve an explanation, don't you?" 
"Yes, you do, Carl." She knew she had been unfair to him not to have told him the truth from the very moment she herself had discovered it last Friday. "I explained it all to you last evening. It's all quite simple and innocent, a misunderstanding. You knew I was taking this place. I rented it from a seemingly nice old lady who lives on Manning Street and who is evidently not quite right in the head. She told me 'Pat' wouldn't be back until the fall. I don't honestly remember if she referred to this Pat as her niece or not, but I presumed that it was her niece. As I told you last week, I got a letter from that old woman telling me that Pat was coming home from Europe on Friday. I fully expected a woman to arrive. I was more surprised than anyone when I found out this Pat was Mrs. Montgomary's nephew. Again, as I told you last evening, I am looking for another place to live, but I can't take my belongings, my furniture, and move out into the street. I'll have to stay here until I can find a place. And there's one other thing. You don't have to worry. Pat is gay. If it weren't for your family and your prejudices--if it was totally up to me--I could live here indefinitely." This last remark she made as much to assuage Carl's concern as to alleviate her own fears. 
"That would look just great," he immediately snapped. "The guys on the force would get a kick out of that, my fiance living with another man, and a faggot at that." 
"Carl, I frankly don't give a damn what 'the guys on the force' think about anything. I would be surprised to find out some of them have ever tried thinking, from what I've seen of them. I said I'm looking for another place, so let's drop it at that, all right? And one other thing: Mr. Montgomary is not a 'faggot.' He's a kind, considerate person. Anyone else who came home and found a strange woman living in his house would have thrown her out, but he said he's willing to wait until I can find a suitable place." 
"Then maybe he's not queer. Maybe he only told you he was. Maybe he's got his eyes on you." 
"Carl," she screamed. "And just maybe you might start being a bit more sensitive. If you don't stop using language like that, I'm going to hang up on you." 
"Sorry," he said and lowered his voice. "You drive me crazy; you know that, don't you? The idea of you living in the same house with another man is too much. I'm sorry. I just wish I could do something, like take you away from that place, that's all." 
"If you really want to do something, why don't you try doing something about that irrational jealousy of yours? Anyway, let's just drop the subject. So what was that note about?" 
"What note?" 
"Your note, the one you wrote me." 
"I don't know anything about a note, sweetheart. I wasn't anywhere near that house today." 
"Pat found it. It has your name on it." The envelope containing the note was on the table next to her. She picked it up and opened it. She read it to herself as she was speaking. 
"I didn't send you a note. Like I just told you, someone's playing games with you. That's another reason I'd like you out of that house. It's dangerous. There's a killer on the loose and you're there where he's already struck once. No telling when he'll strike again. If you won't leave there right away, then at least be careful, sweetheart. You know you don't have to go on looking for another place to rent. I've told you a thousand times, you and I should--" 
"I know, Carl, and that's sweet of you, but not right now. Later. In the meantime, I've got to do this my way, all right? And I want to get ready for bed now. I'll call you tomorrow." She hung up and stared at the slip of paper that was still in her hand. She got up and went down the stairs. 
"Pat?" she called out as she got to the foot of the stairs on the second floor. 
He appeared at the doorway of his sitting room. 
"This note you found in the vestibule when you got home. Carl says he didn't write it, hasn't been here since yesterday evening." 
Pat came toward her and took the note from her. He studied it, then looked at her. "Does this look like Carl's handwriting?" 
She shrugged. "Could be. I'm not that familiar with his writing. Besides, it looks like it was written on a rough surface. It's not that clear." 
"Who else would write a note, use Carl's name, and have you call Carl? It doesn't make much sense, does it? I mean, unless there was someone who especially wanted you to call Carl this evening. Did Carl say anything, anything at all, that made it important for you to call him and speak to him this evening? Guess what I'm getting at is, was your phone conversation with him worthwhile?" 
"I explained the situation here." She was leaning against the wall. "I think I calmed him down somewhat on that score. He repeated his marriage proposal for the umpteenth time. Other than that, the call didn't accomplish anything." 
"Maybe that was it? The proposal." 
"You mean Carl went to all that trouble just so he could propose to me again? But why? He's proposed so many other times without going to such lengths. Sounds more like something his mother would do, if you ask me." 
"Whatever or whoever, I think we should show this paper to Detective Sylvester." He slipped it into his robe pocket. "I know it's easier said than done, but you should get a good night's sleep. I'll drive you tomorrow to see those apartments, all right?" 
She assured him that after taking a bath she intended to do just that, get a good night's sleep. 
As she lay in her bed, light from a lamppost in the alley behind the house filling the bedroom, she wondered why some men are gay. Especially why Pat Montgomary was gay. He was gentle. He was kind. He was certainly handsome. In a word, she said to herself, he was everything a woman might imagine in her dream man, plus he was wealthy, so why did he have to go and be gay? 
Did she lock her bedroom door as she had promised herself she would? She stared at it. Of course she did. She remembered locking it. She rolled over and closed her eyes to go to sleep. It was no use. She got out of bed and checked the door. It was locked. Before finally going to sleep, she reluctantly had to admit that she had enjoyed herself today, especially Pat's companionship. 
 
*****
 
Pat also was awake. He had spent time reading in the chair by his bed. Now as he lay on the bed on his back, he stared at the ceiling. He thought of Phillis upstairs. She was attractive, she had a sense of humor, she was certainly intelligent, so why did she have to go and be a female? 
He was unable to think about Phillis living in his house without thinking also about his Aunt Molly, who was the one responsible for Phillis being there in the first place. The years of Molly being patient with him, understanding him, helping him. Above all, her acceptance of him and what he was. She had understood when he went to college and studied dramatics. In her own wise way, she had pointed out his unsuitability for such a profession. After college, he got a few parts in some local productions, but he soon discovered he was hired for the money he could invest rather than for any talent he might possess. Molly was understanding there, too. Then the few years he dabbled in real estate, buying properties in run-down neighborhoods so that he might renovate them, only to discover that his tastes necessitated sums spent which far outweighed the prices realized. The past few years he had spent traveling, roaming about--a month here, a half year there. She knew as well as he did that he was searching, searching for the one place in life and the one job in life that would make him happy. 
He thought, too, of Carl. An hour or so after Phillis had gone upstairs to her rooms, Pat had gone out back through his garden, under the yellow police bands stretched across the back gate, to the patrol car parked in the back alley. He had brought a Thermos of coffee with him. Carl was in the patrol car with the officer on surveillance duty. Carl refused the coffee, but the uniformed policeman was grateful for it. 
Carl was handsome and sexy, Pat was now thinking, but there was something cold about him. That coldness was based on jealousy, Pat realized, but still.... He thought, too, of that note left for Phillis, and Carl's denial that he had written it. Something was all wrong. Why would anyone else write such a note to Phillis? 
 
*****
 
Carl Wilhelm, too, was staring. He was staring at the rear of the house where he knew Phillis and Pat were. Sylvester had given orders that Pat's house and the one behind it were to be kept under surveillance. He had not assigned Carl to that duty. Being in the police car this night was Carl's idea. 
 
*****
 
Detective Captain Irving Sylvester, too, was awake. His wife lying next to him knew his restlessness was because of a homicide case he was working on. She knew from twenty-six years of marriage and his twenty-eight years on the force not to question him about current cases. She loved her husband for all the usual reasons, but she also respected and admired him. Here was a man who had worked his way up the beurocratic ladder, from rookie cop to his present position, studying hard, doing extra work and long hours on the job, and all the while coping with more than his share of racial bigotry. She knew he'd want to tell her later, when he would be able to close the book on a solved homicide. Obviously, this was not the time. 
 
*****
 
Molly Montgomary was not awake. She was in a deep sleep and had been for several hours. Bertha was in the next bed in their hotel room. A few late stragglers got off an elevator somewhere at the other end of the hall and walked past Molly and Bertha's room, talking and laughing. There was, however, a faint smile on Molly's face as she dreamed of her nephew Pat, his new housemate, Miss Toner, and herself seated around a special table. Molly was wearing a new gown, one she had bought especially for the occasion; pinned to it was an orchid Pat had given her. Pat and Phillis were also bedecked in formal attire and it was a very happy dinner for Molly. This was the dream she dreamed so many times lately. 
It was at the end of her dream that Molly suddenly sat up, shaking. She reached for the light next to her bed and poured herself a drink of water. She fell back against her pillow. "Oh, my," she said. "I do so hope I haven't gone and done the wrong thing." 
 
*****
 
Demey was not only awake, he was out of bed. He was standing at the window of his room on the fourth floor of Pat's house. He could look down past the second-floor sundeck, past the garden at ground level, to the alley, which ran between the row of houses on Spruce Street and those on Cydelpan Street. He could see the roof of the police car parked in the alley. He stood there for several minutes, then turned away from the window and picked up the telephone and dialed. He was wearing a plaid flannel robe, which evidently caused him to itch. 
"She's in bed," he said into the telephone. "Her door's locked. I've already checked it. Get some sleep yourself. If there's any noise, I'll hear it. No, Montgomary won't get to her." 
He listened in silence, then spoke again. "This afternoon? She went for a ride. With Montgomary. Calm down and shut up. She was with him and some of his faggot friends. No, there was no way I could have tagged along. She got back all right, didn't she? And from what I can tell, she still knows nothing. If she did, I'd see a change in her actions, you can be damned sure of that. You couldn't do a better job, so get off my back. I'm doing my damnedest to get her out of this house. I'll call you in the morning." 
Demey replaced the receiver and threw himself into a chair. He was restless. He jumped up again and began pacing. 
The night was still young. 
It progressed. 
 
Chapter VII
 
Officer Wilbur DiAngelo was now alone in the police car parked in the alley behind Pat's house. Carl had left him a couple of hours earlier. There was a full moon high in the sky, the moonlight flooding everything, making clearly visible anything which moved. A stray cat, out for a night of excitement, came down the alley, stopped, stared at the alien vehicle in its path, turned and headed in the direction from which it had come. A drunk walked past the far end of the alley, stood there for a moment, shook his head, and continued on his trek. Officer DiAngelo saw none of this. His head was tilted back against the headrest, his mouth open. His chest was heaving and falling, sounds of snoring shattering the silence surrounding him, something his spouse swore would surely someday be grounds for divorce. A Styrofoam cup, with a few drops of coffee at the bottom of it and a white powdery residue clinging to its sides, sat in the holder on the floor. 
By three-thirty, the silver light of earth's satellite flooded Pat's bedroom. He rolled over, twisting the sheet around him mummy fashion. He lay there face down in the pillow. Gradually, he came up from the depths of sleep and one eye--his left--fluttered and sent a message to his brain that moonlight was flooding his room. He turned on his back and opened his eyes. He took a deep breath, then sat up. He thought he heard a noise, listened, then told himself that he must have heard it in his sleep. There were no sounds, not even those of traffic on the street. 
He sat there for several minutes, then decided it was useless. He got out of bed, slipped on a pair of slacks, which he had thrown across a chair the night before--he always slept nude--and pulled down a cotton sweatshirt from the top shelf of the closet. Slippers on, he opened his bedroom door and headed toward the staircase to the first floor, then stopped and turned. Unable to explain his action to himself, he headed toward the other end of the second-floor hall, the end where the French doors led out onto the deck. He stopped at the doors, and with the sheer curtain material tickling the tip of his nose, looked out at the deck and house in the rear. Everything seemed quiet. Of course it was, he told himself. After all, wasn't there a patrol car down in the alley? No one was going to try anything with a policeman keeping watch. 
Moonlight flooded the deck and the idea flashed through his mind that someone ought to start a new fad: Moonbathing. He wondered what kind of suit one would wear. No doubt one which permitted one to moon. He smiled to himself and was about to turn away when he felt certain something moved in the corner of his field of vision. He stood to one side of the French door, in the shadow, and looked out again. There was no roof on the deck to block his view of the third floor of the rear house. Someone was standing at one of the windows. He couldn't make out whether it was man or woman. Whoever it was wore dark clothing. Height was impossible to tell from this distance and this angle, although the figure seemed to fill most of the height of the window. Arms were raised. Pat suspected whoever it was had some kind of eyeglass--probably binoculars--and was studying this house--his house. Pat slipped back, and keeping close to the wall, went along the hall to his sitting room. He lifted the telephone receiver and dialed the three-digit police emergency number. He gave the voice on the other end his name and location, and explained that there had already been one killing on his property and that there was a police car in the alley behind his house. No doubt, he told the police dispatcher, from where the officer on duty was seated, he couldn't see the third-floor window of that rear house. He insisted Detective Sylvester might be more than a little interested in knowing someone was in that empty house at this hour of the morning. 
He hurried back to the French doors. The figure was still standing at the upper window. Pat studied him--by now, he was confident it was a man. He saw the figure move one arm as though adjusting something on his belt. Then the man turned and disappeared from sight. 
"Damn!" Pat hoped the figure up there hadn't seen him. If so, their peeping Tom would get away before the police could catch him. Pat went downstairs to the kitchen. He quietly opened the back door and stepped out onto the brick floor of the patio. A strong, cool breeze had come up. A cricket was busy making cricket noises in the garden. The only other sound puncturing the air was a crackling, unintelligible voice on the radio in the patrol car. He waited to hear the car door open and shut, but no such sound came. He walked to the end of the garden, opened the solid wooden door, which led out onto the alley, and looked to his right. The police car was there, and with moonlight beaming down on it, he could see the police officer was still seated. 
"Asleep, I'll bet." Pat stepped out into the alley and walked toward the car. He went around to the passenger's side and knocked on the window, but Officer DiAngelo merely moved slightly and brushed away an imaginary fly from the tip of his nose. Pat tried the door and found it locked. He had nothing with him he could use, so he reached down and found a stone on the ground. He tapped on the glass. Officer DiAngelo opened his eyes, but was unable to focus them. He closed them again and folded his arms on his chest. His head fell to the side away from Pat. 
Pat banged harder with the stone and saw the glass begin to "spider-web." "In for a..., et cetera," he mumbled as he pounded away until the glass fell inward and he was able to reach in and pull up the lock. He swung open the door, reached in, and shook the policeman. 
"Huh?" was the extent of Officer DiAngelo's reaction. Pat slapped him on the face, and unlocking the driver's door, backed out of the car and ran around and opened the driver's door. He pulled the policeman's legs out, then grabbed both arms and using all this strength, brought the limp blue mass out into the air and propped it against the rear door. 
"Wake up!" 
Officer DiAngelo slumped and threatened to fold up on the ground under his feet, but Pat pushed upward, managing to keep him upright. He didn't need to worry much longer about reviving the policeman. Another car, white with blue and gold band along its side, light atop flashing, pulled in from the opposite end of the alley. Two policemen jumped out, squatted behind their opened doors with their weapons pointing directly at Pat. One of them shouted, "Police. Step back and put your hands over your head." 
Pat did as he was ordered, allowing Officer DiAngelo to slump to the ground. 
The two armed officers came slowly forward, one going around Pat's back and with the dexterity to make any magician envious, pulled Pat's arms behind him and snapped on a pair of handcuffs. The other cop knelt down to study the crumpled Officer DiAngelo. 
"What did he do to him?" the handcuff expert asked. 
"He's been drugged," his partner said as he pulled back the unconscious officer's eyelids. He reached in and used the car radio. When he took his head out of the car, he turned and took a good look at Pat, then pulled the other officer to one side. They spoke and studied Pat, one glaring, the other nodding. 
Pat heard the word, "Pre-vert." 
"If you laid a hand on him," the first policeman said to Pat, "we'll see to it you never do it again. It's disgusting when an officer of the law isn't safe from your type. I've a good mind to... They oughtta cut you guys balls off and...." 
Before the policeman could continue his list of appropriate punishments for queers, a third car approached. Detective Sylvester got out and walked toward them. The two upright policemen stood almost at military attention while Officer DiAngelo continued to ignore the events taking place around him. 
Sylvester did not ask the obvious. He learned all and more than he would have asked. The officers told of answering a dispatch to investigate a disturbance at this address and found Pat molesting Officer DiAngelo. Officer Cisiak (aka the Houdini of Handcuffs) strongly suggested Pat was engaged, when he and his partner arrived just in the nick of time to put a stop to it, in some kind of pre-version involving Officer DiAngelo, no doubt the same kind that goes on in "them adult bookstores." 
Sylvester stared at Pat. "Serious accusation." He managed to keep a straight face. 
"I'm the one who called the station," Pat explained. "I reported someone in the Rhynn house, the house behind mine, the one you said the gunshot came from. I heard the call come on the radio to the car here. When the policeman didn't answer his radio, I came out to investigate. I couldn't wake him, so I smashed that window on the other side." Pat nodded in the direction of the broken window on the passenger side of the patrol car. "I got the officer out into the air and had him propped up, trying to revive him, when these two meter maids showed up. Now, if you want to know anything more, you'll have to take off these damned cuffs." 
Detective Sylvester nodded almost imperceptibly. Officer Cisiak begrudgingly unlocked the cuffs and pulled them off Pat's wrists a bit too roughly. 
While Pat was being unshackled, Sylvester poked his head into the police car. When he withdrew, the ambulance arrived and the medics helped Officer DiAngelo into their vehicle, then sped away to Pennsylvania Hospital, only a few blocks from there. Immediately on the heels of their departure, another car arrived and pulled up behind the original patrol car. It was Carl. He walked up to his superior and said something about not being able to sleep and hearing of the disturbance on his scanner. Detective Sylvester pointed to something inside Officer DiAngelo's car. Carl looked at Pat. 
"Mr. Montgomary brought the Thermos of coffee out earlier in the evening. I was here with DiAngelo. I didn't drink any of it. Fortunately." 
"Bag the Thermos and the cup and send them to the lab," Sylvester told Carl. He turned to Pat. "You and I have some talking to do, Mr. Montgomary." 
"My house?" Pat pointed along the alley. 
Captain Sylvester gave a series of orders. The two uniformed policemen were told to investigate the premises directly behind Pat's house for signs of entry. If they found any, they were to enter themselves, being careful not to touch anything--there may be fingerprints. He told Carl to post someone in the hospital with Officer DiAngelo and get a statement from him the minute he was coherent enough to talk. He then directed Pat to precede him as they headed toward the door in the wall, which opened onto Pat's garden. 
They stood in the kitchen. 
"Tell me about it," Sylvester said to Pat. 
"I just did." 
"Tell me again. Everything." 
Pat repeated what he had said outside. "And I did not put a mickey in the officer's coffee, if that's what you're thinking. I was glad we had someone to keep an eye on these two houses, so why would I put him out of commission?" 
"You would, if there was something you wanted to do and didn't want anyone, especially the police, to see you do it. By the way, where's Miss Toner?" 
"Surely you don't--" 
"I just want to know where she is, that's all." 
"Sleeping, I presume." Pat looked away in disgust. 
There were footsteps outside in the garden. One of the uniformed policemen came in. It was Houdini. 
"Someone broke into that there house," he said as he jerked a thumb behind him in the direction of the Rhynn house. "Basement window jimmied open. No electricity in there, but from what we could tell someone was on the third floor. One of the curtains pulled over. Dust on the windowsill disturbed. Smell of some kind of perfume. Charlie thinks it's men's cologne." He gave Pat the once over, sniffed audibly, and then looked at the captain for further directives. The captain told him that would be all, but to be sure to put it in his report. 
"I was right," Pat said. "There was someone up there. Looked like a man to me." 
"Those two officers are not experts on smells. It could be a woman's cologne, for all they know. First thing in the morning, I'm going to get a court order and go over that house in the back with a fine-toothed comb. We'll have the lab boys there. If they don't find something, then there's nothing to be found." He turned to leave, then stopped. "And you stay nearby, understand? You're not out of the woods, not by a long shot. There's still the question of what was put in Officer DiAngelo's coffee and who did it, and we won't be able to question him until he regains consciousness." He departed, leaving both the kitchen door and Pat's mouth open. 
Pat cursed under his breath as he fixed a pot of coffee. It was brewing when he heard what seemed to be a gentle scratching at the back door, followed by someone calling his name. 
He walked over to the door and saw a woman standing out there. She was wearing a skirt and blouse and house slippers. Her hair was pulled back and tied with a piece of yarn. 
"Mr. Montgomary?" she asked. "I am sorry to disturb you, but I saw the police out back and I wondered if.... Oh, I am sorry. It's Emily Heisler." 
Pat recognized her. He had seen her from a distance on a number of occasions, but doubted he had ever been in her company before. He opened the door and invited her in. She resembled her mother, he realized, but without her mother's height or large facial features. He offered her a seat at the kitchen table. 
"I couldn't sleep," she told him. 
"I understand," he said and expressed his condolences. 
"It's not that. Not like that. Mother's death has been... well, been disturbing. It disturbed the house, as Daddy says." 
"Were you very close to your mother?" 
She nodded. Then, contradicting that head motion, said, "No, not like some daughters and mothers I read about. I do quite a lot of reading, you know. It helps. I tell Daddy about the books I read. He wouldn't approve of some of them, so I don't tell him about those, but I am old enough, you know. Daddy doesn't read much. I guess he reads a lot at work. He's an executive and I know that executives have to do a lot of reading in their work. He likes it when I tell him about my books. He won't miss her, either. Neither of us will, but it does disturb the house, just the same. We're alone now, Daddy and I. I prefer it that way." She studied a print hanging on the far wall, a silhouette of a cat looking out a kitchen window. "I like cats," she said, looked down at the floor, then up again at Pat. "I read a book the week before last about a woman who had a cat, and she did all kinds of strange things. The woman, not the cat. The cat was nice, but the woman wasn't. I liked her, though. The woman, not the cat. Not that I didn't like the cat, too. I saw all those policemen out back and I wondered if...." 
"There was someone in the Rhynn house." 
"Could it be the one who... who killed Mother?" 
"Do you ever go in that house?" Pat tried to sound disinterested, for he was beginning to wonder about Emily Heisler and he didn't like the thoughts that were in his head. 
She shook her head. "I was in it once," she admitted. 
"Recently?" 
"Oh, no, years and years ago. I was a young girl then and Mother and Daddy and I were invited there. I met a young boy. He and I went to the basement to play and I showed him a game I had read about in a book where we took turns taking off our clothes. We were never invited back. I guess they didn't like Mother. He's not there now, is he?" 
"Who?" 
"The man you were talking about, the one the police were here looking for," she said somewhat exasperatedly. 
"Whoever it was got away." He wanted to change the subject. "Miss Heisler, I was wondering...." 
"Call me Em, please. I don't have any friends, but if I did, they would call me Em." 
"All right, Em. Do you know why your mother was in my garden? Did she say anything to you, give you any indication why she was coming over here? Your father said it was to see Miss Toner." 
"Mr. Montgomary," she began hesitantly, looking about her, studying the walls and the ceiling as though she had never seen a kitchen before. She was fingering the cuff of her sweater in her left hand. "Mother told me she was fond of you and enjoyed having you as a neighbor. Do you have a mother?" 
He told her he did not. 
"That's nice. Now I don't, too. Mother told me a week ago that she thought something was going on around your house. You weren't here. They told me you were out of the country." 
"What was going on?" 
"Mother was vague. People around asking questions. Snooping, as she put it. With what one reads and hears, all those horrible things drug dealers do and all, I think Mother was afraid something like that was going on in this neighborhood." 
"In my house?" 
She nodded. "Oh, no, not here. Mother said that. She seemed to think... well, to think that that young lady who moved in here was somehow involved. Mother said it all started the weekend she moved into your house. Mother said she was positive someone was in the Rhynn house in back and that whoever it was, was watching Miss Toner. She told me she was coming over here to speak to Miss Toner, to warn her." 
"Whoever it was in the Rhynn house a little while ago was watching this house," Pat told her. "I'm positive he had binoculars and had them focused on the third floor here, on Miss Toner's rooms." 
"That does sound dangerous, doesn't it? I'd rather be mugged on the streets than to have someone watching me in my own home. Much worse, don't you think? I think so. I do hope Miss Toner will be careful. You can't be too careful. Does she know someone is watching her?" 
"Yes. In fact, she knows that whoever killed your mother may very well have mistaken her for Miss Toner. Your mother was dressed in an outfit similar to one Miss Toner owns." 
"But Mother was much older." 
"I know, but from the rear that wouldn't have been noticed." 
"Yes, I suppose you are right. I see what you mean, but Mother was also taller than Miss Toner." 
"The bullet came from the third floor of the Rhynn house," Pat explained. "From that height, the few inches difference in their heights wouldn't have been at all noticeable." 
"You may be right." 
"You don't sound convinced." 
"I was wondering, Mr. Montgomary. Do you believe in retribution? Don't look so surprised. I know a lot of words like that. Retribution is when someone, like God maybe, gives someone what they have coming to them. Sort of like getting even. Anyway, maybe that's why Mother was killed. Retribution." 
"You think someone hated your mother enough to kill her? Or was trying to get even with your father?" 
"Not Daddy. Everyone likes Daddy, I think. No, more like someone thought my mother was too weak." 
"In what way?" 
"I've got to run," she said and jumped up from the table. "Everyone thought Mother was a strong person, but she wasn't, you know. No, she was a very weak person. Very weak." 
With that last unexplained comment, Emily Heisler rushed out through the back door. 
 
Chapter VIII
 
Phillis awoke the next morning and looked at her clock. Not quite seven. She pushed the button in on the alarm and lay there for a moment. She had decided to take the day off. Her boss was out of town and her work was caught up. Besides, Pat had offered to take her to see a couple of apartments. An hour later, showered and ready, and with a cup of instant coffee to arm her, she appeared downstairs. Pat was in the kitchen. 
"Maybe today I'll find a place," she said to him as she came into the room. 
He looked up, seemingly startled. "Huh? Oh, apartments, yes." 
"Sorry if I surprised you. Time maybe to come back to this planet?" 
"Thinking about things." 
"Mrs. Heisler?" 
"And the events last night. You slept through the excitement." He filled her in as he prepared breakfast for both of them. 
"He was looking into my rooms?" she asked as he placed the food on the kitchen table. "That's... that's disgusting. It's like I've been...." 
"Visually raped?" he suggested. "While you're here, I think it might be wise if you keep your blinds closed on the back of the house. If he sees it's impossible to look in, maybe he'll go elsewhere. And there's more." He told her what Mrs. Heisler's daughter had told him during her early morning visit. 
"Demey's not here?" Phillis asked. 
"Said he had to go out for a while." 
After a couple of phone calls, by late morning they were busy finding addresses the agencies had given her. They saw two places. The first had a breathtaking view of a dumpster, which did indeed take one's breath away. The second was in a brownstone on the third floor, rear. On the second floor, someone was practicing the drums, and as they came back down to the first-floor hall, they were met by a drunk lounging on the front steps, who asked them for a handout. Disgusted, they sat for a moment in Pat's car. 
"I'm sorry they weren't nice," he said to her. "But I have an idea. Starting tonight, you're going to sleep on the second floor and--" 
"Oh, no! If you think I'm--" 
"Calm down. Your virginity is safe. There are two guestrooms on the second floor. If anyone has an idea about that third-floor bedroom, I'd feel better knowing you weren't up there. That way, we'll fool whoever it is who's been watching your floor." 
She thought for a moment about what he had just said. "How dare you imply that I still have my virginity? I'll have you know that--" 
"Okay, okay, I get the message." 
"And what if Carl hears about it?" 
"You going to tell him?" 
"No. Still, he seems to have a way of finding out things." 
"It's the policeman in him. You two really serious?" 
"He is. If he had his way, we'd have been married a long time ago. His mother feels the same way. Why? You got your eyes on him?" 
"He's attractive, I'll grant you that, but not my type. I won't try to steal him away from you." 
"Pat?" she asked, then fell silent. 
He waited for her to continue. 
"I'm scared." 
"I know. I don't feel like going back to the house. What say we have lunch? Ever eat at Maxie's Grille on Front Street? There's a magnificent view of the river." He dialed the car phone. Demey answered. Pat told him they were having lunch at Maxie's in case anyone was looking for them. 
The maitre d' greeted Pat by name. He seated them at a window with a view of the Delaware. Phillis ordered a vodka gimlet. Pat asked for coffee. They watched a freighter slowly make its way toward the sea. Phillis could feel her spirits improve. 
"Thank you." 
He looked puzzled. 
"First of all, for taking me to see those two apartments. I would have had to go alone, on foot probably. They were pretty bad, weren't they? Not exactly 'Luxurious,' as the ads described them." 
"No, but the buildings were selective in their clientele. The tenants are music lovers and enjoy lunch al fresco , provided it comes in a plain, crumpled brown bag." 
Pat deliberately kept the balance of the conversation light. He could tell she was more than a little uneasy and he couldn't blame her. The idea that possibly--even if that was all it was, a slight possibility--someone was bent on killing you could make you uneasy, to say the least. 
They finished their lunch. Phillis did not want dessert. As they were leaving, she excused herself and went to the ladies room. Pat took the opportunity to talk to the maitre d'. 
"I trust everything was to your satisfaction, Mr. Montgomary?" Enrico asked. 
Pat knew him better as Henry Albright from New Jersey, who had worked hard cultivating a pseudo-Italian accent. 
"As always, it was perfect." Pat slipped a bill in Henry's hand. "We especially liked the seat you gave us. The view was fine." 
"And I trust the young lady...." 
"She thoroughly enjoyed herself. By the way, I think--not certain, mind you--but I think an old friend of mine was seated two tables from us. Alone. A gentleman about sixty or so? Gray suit, thinning gray hair? Glasses. I would have gone over and spoke to him, but you know how it is when you're not really sure it's the person you think it is." 
Enrico looked at Pat, touched the tip of his lips with a menu, looked around again, and lowered his voice. "The gentleman in question, Mr. Montgomary, is a Mr. Elias. Theodore Elias." Enrico shrugged. "Still, I wouldn't give you odds that's his real name." 
"His business?" 
Enrico coughed and if Pat had not been listening intently, might have missed Enrico's two words: "Private Detective." 
"I guess I was mistaken," Pat said, and added a bit too loudly as Phillis approached them, "And say hello to your wife." 
"She'll be pleased you were asking for her, sir," Enrico said and smiled at both Pat and Phillis. 
Outside, instead of walking toward his car, Pat suggested they go around the building to the verandah, which looked out over the river. They stood leaning on the railing for several minutes, the warm breeze blowing so hard it was difficult to hear one another. 
"Oh, look over there," Phillis shouted. She was pointing to a small boat coming up the river. 
Pat had his back to the view, his elbows resting on the railing, not sharing her interest in the water, but facing Maxie's parking lot, most of which was visible from where they were standing. 
"You're not looking at that boat," Phillis said and tugged on his sleeve. 
"What's so special about it?" 
"The name. Can't you read it?" 
"You read it for me. I can't see that far away," he lied. He had turned partially to face the water to suit Phillis, but he was still watching the parking lot. 
"The name on the boat, it's The Little Phil ," she all but squealed. 
"That's nice." He watched Mr. Theodore Elias with his gray suit and gray hair get into his gray Buick and drive away. Pat's eyesight was actually quite good. He was able to read the license plate, and he memorized it. 
"Shall we?" he asked. "It's your day off. Want to do something?" 
They were walking toward Pat's car. 
"You'll think I'm crazy." She stopped momentarily. "But I've made up my mind to do it, if at all possible. I don't know exactly how, but I'll find a way." 
"Mind telling me what that might be?" 
"You've been very nice to me." Pat was driving out of the parking lot. "Even though you know so very little about me, you've tried to help. You don't know the way I think, what happens to me when I get a bug inside my head. I've been known to get a little crazy until I get to the bottom of something. I've been thinking about what you and Detective Sylvester have been saying about someone taking aim with a rifle from that house behind your place, aiming at me. I want to see the room he was standing in when he pulled that trigger. Don't try to stop me, because I've made up my mind." 
"So, who's trying to stop you?" Pat asked as they stopped for a traffic light. 
"It's all well and good for you to sit there and tell me I can't or I shouldn't or I'll get into trouble, but no one's shooting at you! I'm angry. Damned angry. No bastard is going to do this to me and get away with it. If the police don't find him, I will, and God help him when I do because I will and he'll wish he'd never started with me when I get through with him and what's more.... You're not going to try to stop me?" 
Pat shook his head. "I didn't say a thing about stopping you. You realize, though, the police--" 
"Don't take kindly to such things. If we don't get caught, I'll never tell them. What about you?" 
"Never, never, hope to die!" He crossed his heart. "Besides, I'm going with you." 
"How are we going to get in?" 
"Someday I'll tell you about my Uncle Nate, the black sheep of the family. We don't talk about him, least not in mixed company. He never got caught once in his entire life, and you should have a nickel for every place he got into. He showed me a few tricks I bet you never heard of." 
"That's how your family made its money?" 
"What money came from mother's side was in coal. Father and his family had money, too, but they also enjoyed an additional kind of wealth, my father and Molly: Life." 
"The magazine?" she asked with a touch of awe in her voice. 
"No. Life with a lower case 'l.' They enjoyed life, knew how to have fun. They were really wealthy. That's why Molly's the way she is. Shame you didn't meet her under different circumstances. She's a wonderful, fun-loving person." He parked the car a few doors from his house. 
Phillis got out and headed up the front steps. 
"Where are you going?" he asked. 
She stopped with one foot in mid-air. "In the house and out through the back garden." 
"Fine. Say 'hello' to the cop stationed in the back alley. C'mon, we'll take a leisurely stroll around the block and just happen to go by the Rhynn house." 
They went to the corner of the block and turned right along Fourth Street, past the long sides of the houses on Spruce and Cydelpan Streets, and turned onto Cydelpan. 
"Don't stare," he cautioned her. "I know which one it is. If no one's in sight, we'll slip down the alley between the Rhynn place and the house next to it. Be prepared to turn quickly and follow me." 
They kept walking. With no warning, he turned abruptly, she at his heels. They hurried along a narrow alley. It was dark and cool between the two houses. He stopped at a gate, reached into his pocket, and brought out a ring of keys. He unlocked the gate and opened it enough to look into the rear yard. 
"The policeman on duty in the alley can't see this gate, but we better keep low just the same." He squatted and she followed his example. 
A projection was built out from the back kitchen. There was a door in the middle of the wall facing them. He tried it. It was locked. Using another key on the same ring, he opened this door, too. 
They stepped up and into a small rear shed in which there was an old vegetable sink, a short counter, and several overhead cabinets. To Pat's left was another door, unlocked. He went into the kitchen, a generous size room with three walls of overhead and counter-height cabinets, the usual appliances, and a dinette table and two chairs along the fourth wall. Pat led the way past a small room containing laundry facilities and a pantry, then went into the dining room. He ignored this room and went directly to the living room, which looked out onto Cydelpan Street. They stopped in the middle of the room, surrounded by clumps of sheets draped over sofa, chairs, tables, each a different shape with arms and hunchbacks and flattened heads, like so many unborn monsters in the womb of the earth where monsters are created. 
"Still want to see the rest of the house?" 
"If it's like this room, I'm not sure it's worth it. Do the Rhynns cover all their furniture with sheets?" 
"Just about. They're fastidious about keeping the place clean." 
"How do you know?" 
"They're good friends of mine." 
"While we're at it, how'd you manage to open those two doors with keys?" 
"That's one of the secrets Uncle Nate taught me. If you're friendly with your neighbors and they're going away for any length of time, they'll often give you a set of keys so you can keep an eye on their place for them." 
She headed toward a flight of stairs leading to an upper floor. "And I was enough of a fool to believe all that stuff about your being able to get in here illegally. I was looking forward to a bit of housebreaking." 
They reached the second floor. 
"This house is laid out pretty much like mine," he explained. "Same number of rooms up here. The third floor is almost identical to what you're using these days." He led the way to the third floor. 
They walked along a hallway, off which there were two bedrooms on their right. Along the left wall was another bedroom, a sewing room, and a cedar-lined walk-in storage room. They were sparsely furnished. Straight ahead was a large master bedroom taking up almost a fourth of the floor and running from side to side of the house. It was this room which faced Pat's house and had an uninterrupted view of Phillis' third-floor bedroom. Projecting from the right wall of this bedroom was a massive bed with four turned bedposts and canopy. To the left as Pat and Phillis stood in the doorway was a door leading into a dressing room, and beyond that, a private bath. A recessed area along the side wall was filled by a long dresser which took up most of the wall. Over the dresser was an enormous mirror reflecting the bed. Underfoot, like the rest of the third floor, was thick white carpeting. 
They stopped at the window and looked through the sheer curtains, studying the windows of her apartment across the way and looking down at the second-floor sundeck, and below that, the garden. Fred was asleep on the iron bench under the tree. 
"I gather your friends are not on welfare," she observed. 
"They're comfortable. He has a good position with the State Department and she has enough money of her own to support half this city. Still, they're very down-to-earth people, once you get past the money. See anything here that interests you? Any Sherlockian clues, like cigarette ash or a strand of hair or a tell-tale footprint?" 
She sighed as she sat down on the edge of the bed. "I don't know what I really expected to find once I got here. Maybe I just wanted to see the place where he'd been standing, see the place where he stood as he watched me." 
"And, does that make you feel better?" 
She shook her head. "No, not really. Just more frustrated and more disgusted." 
She looked up at him. "Pat," she said slowly, "what kind of person does things like this? Is he sick or just... just what our grandparents would have called evil, sinful? I wonder, does he... does he do... things... while he watches my place?" 
Pat had his back to the window. "I don't pretend to know. I don't know when sin ends and mental illness begins. I've always felt that there are sinful people in this world who are not really mentally ill, can't be helped professionally, but are truly evil. There is so much evil in this world, it can't all be written off as mental illness. When I see what people do to one another, what they do to animals, how they totally disregard future generations all for the sake of money or fame or power, I get sick. But, there I'm lecturing again." 
"I'm sorry I wasted your time. There's obviously nothing here of any help." 
"Now, don't be so quick to jump to conclusions. There could just possibly be something here, something someone who knows the Rhynns could recognize as wrong or out of place and the police wouldn't." He began a systematic search of the bedroom. "The Rhynns' bedroom is on the second floor. The bedroom we're standing in now belongs to Josh, their son. He went to South America with them. I've known Josh most of my life. In fact, he's the reason I own that house of mine. Josh heard it was going on the market and I got it directly from the owners. Anyway, let's see what's in here." He opened the dressing room door. The shelves held a number of clear plastic boxes containing sweaters and socks. The rods suspended from the shelves held suits, jackets, slacks, and shirts. He looked into the bathroom. Sterile. 
He came out and went over to the dresser and began rummaging through the drawers. Under a stack of underwear, he pulled out a magazine. Its cover showed a nude female, legs spread, one of them folded under her. In her hand was a flower, which she was sniffing suggestively. She was wearing a heavy leather collar, from which a stretch of chain reached up to a ring embedded in a stone wall. The inside contents were less prudish about the activities of its models. He threw it on the bed. 
"Does this answer your question about what a Peeping Tom does when he's up here?" 
Phillis stared at the magazine, but did not touch it. "How do you know it belongs to him? You found it in your friend's dresser; surely that most likely means--" 
"That could only mean someone else put it there, not Josh. Believe me when I tell you this magazine does not belong to Josh, never did belong to Josh, and will never be looked at by Josh. Besides, the date on the cover is too recent. No, someone else put it in that dresser and my money's on our voyeur-hyphen-killer. Detective Sylvester should see this." He picked it up with one of Josh's undershirts, careful not to get any more of his fingerprints on it than were already there. 
"What say we get out of here and drive right to the station and drop this off?" 
She was ready to leave. "I don't like being in someone else's house when they're not home." She went down the staircase ahead of him to the second floor, then to the first. 
They walked through the living room with its sheet-clad furniture and continued along the same route they took coming into the house. 
 
Chapter IX
 
They were shown into Detective Captain Irving Sylvester's office almost immediately. 
"What can I do for you?" he asked as he looked from one to the other. 
Pat began by relating the conversation he had earlier that morning with Emily Heisler. He then explained their exploring the Rhynn house and how he had a set of keys to the place. He unwrapped the magazine and, his hand still in the cotton undershirt, placed it on the desk in front him. 
"Just why are you so convinced this magazine doesn't belong to the young man whose bedroom you were in?" Sylvester asked while staring at the magazine without picking it up. 
"Look at the date on the cover," Pat told him. "The Rhynns were gone long before that issue hit the stands. I think this magazine belongs to whoever has been standing at that window watching my house. He keeps the magazine there so he won't have to carry it on his person." 
The captain pressed a buzzer under his desk and a young uniformed policewoman came in. She was given orders to bag the magazine and take it to the lab to have it checked for fingerprints. 
"There is something else I would like to talk to you two about," Sylvester addressed his visitors. He assumed a look sterner than usual as he seemed to be studying the two people across the desk from him. His voice no longer had a fatherly tone, but instead had an edge to it that bordered on the threatening. His large, rough hands were interlocked and resting in front of him on the desk. "I don't like to be lied to," he began. "I'm funny that way. Somehow or other, I seem to think that in a homicide investigation I'm more likely to be able to do my job better when everyone tells the truth. I get upset when people don't. You see, if someone lies to me about one thing, they'll most likely lie to me about another, and then I can't believe anything they tell me. I would appreciate it if you'd both tell me what's going on in that house where the two of you live. Just what's the living arrangement? First, you tell us, Miss Toner, that Mr. Montgomary owns the house, that you have a roommate who's wandering off someplace around the other side of the world, then I find out that Mr. Montgomary is the roommate. How many of you live in that house? And what's your relationship to one another? I'm not the least interested in your sexual arrangements, if any, unless of course, it should have some bearing on this case." He leaned back in his seat. 
Pat looked at Phillis. She nodded. 
"It's all quite simple," Pat began to explain. "In fact, I thought we had gone over all this Saturday evening at my house. I own that house. I've been in Europe for several weeks. Just got back on Friday. While I was away, my aunt, Molly Montgomary, whom you might know--everyone in City Hall certainly does--decided my third floor should be rented. She had been after me for some time to cut down on my expenses, and when I didn't, she decided to run an ad advertising part of my house for rent. Miss Toner answered that ad, met with my aunt, and took the place, believing she'd be sharing it with another woman--one named Pat. By the time I returned from abroad, I found Miss Toner in residence. The whole misunderstanding has been cleared up and Miss Toner is presently looking for other living arrangements. Only this morning I drove her to look at a couple of apartments. And there is no other roommate, here or in Tibet." 
When Pat finished, Detective Sylvester looked at Phillis. "You agree with that?" he asked. 
"I do," she said simply, but firmly. 
"Then on Saturday, when Mrs. Heisler's body was discovered, why did you mislead me and Sergeant Wilhelm by telling us there was someone else living in that house?" 
"Because Carl and I are sort of engaged," Phillis answered. "I didn't think Carl would understand." 
The captain nodded. "Now, as for your sexual arrangements...." 
"As you yourself said, Captain," Pat interrupted him, "you're not interested in them. And we both feel very strongly that that is our business." 
Pat and Phillis were seated close to the front of the detective's desk. He could not see their feet. Pat quickly tapped Phillis' foot with the tip of his shoe. She got his message. 
Sylvester smiled. "Very well, we'll skip that subject for the time being." He glared at Phillis. "I trust, Miss Toner, that this... this living arrangement will not have an adverse effect on Sergeant Wilhelm or his work." 
Phillis returned his stare. "I can't be responsible for how Sergeant Wilhelm reacts. I have to presume he is mature enough and trusts me enough to tolerate this situation until it is resolved. It is no more pleasant for me than it is for him." 
Sylvester looked down at his hands, then looked up again. This time, he directed his attention to Pat. "Officer DiAngelo has regained consciousness," he began. "He confirmed Sergeant Wilhelm's statement that it was you who brought the Thermos of coffee out to him in the car on Sunday evening. He also says that no one else came near the car as far as he can remember; that is, until he lost consciousness. It would seem, Mr. Montgomary, that the coffee you brought out to Officer DiAngelo was responsible for his passing out. I could hold you for further questioning, you understand." 
"Was Officer DiAngelo still conscious when Sergeant Wilhelm left him alone in that car?" Pat asked. 
Sylvester nodded. 
"Then, Detective, it is his word against mine, right?" He knew the captain wouldn't attempt to arrest him or even hold him for questioning solely on that flimsy evidence. Someone else, someone Officer DiAngelo didn't want to admit seeing, might have been in that car later and administered the drug. 
Sylvester stood up. "Let's just let that matter rest for the moment." He headed toward the door of the office. Pat and Phillis followed him. "There is, however, one more important thing I think we should clear up, Mr. Montgomary. We checked with the airline you used for your return flight from London. According to their records, you returned on Thursday, not Friday as you told us. An oversight?" 
Pat smiled. "No, not an oversight. And not jet lag. If you had checked further, you would have found out that I arrived in New York on Thursday and spent the night in a hotel in that city. On Friday, I took the limousine service to Philadelphia. So, you see, Detective Sylvester, when I said I returned home from Europe on Friday, I was telling the truth. And you can check with the hotel and limo service, if you like." 
It was Sylvester's turn to smile. "No need. We already have. Good day." 
Outside, Phillis asked, "What was that all about, kicking me under the desk? I thought you didn't care who knew you were gay." 
"Ordinarily I don't. Sometimes I make an exception to that and that's when it involves the police. I've been around this City of Brotherly Love long enough to know the police do not have a very good record in their treatment of gays. Things are better now. A great deal better. You should hear the stories they tell of the time only a few years ago when a gay or lesbian couldn't have a drink in a gay bar without worrying if the place was going to be raided, and they'd have to spend the night in jail, and the next morning their names would appear in the newspapers. More than one person lost a good job because of that. Besides, I have an instinct; I've always had one. And my instinct told me at that moment not to trust Detective Sylvester. At least not right now. There's something about the man that makes me a bit distrustful of him. I don't know what it is, but I make it a rule never to go against my instinct in those matters. Now, if that doesn't sound too pompous...." 
As he started up the car engine, he went on, "What's more, I'm positive the good detective already knows I'm gay, just the way he knew I spent last Thursday night in a New York hotel room. He plays games, and I don't like that." 
"It might have helped my situation with Carl, if you told him you're gay. I've already told Carl that, but Sylvester knowing it, he might have been able to calm Carl down a bit." 
"Calming down that jealous detective boyfriend of yours is something he'll have to do himself. It shouldn't be up to me or his superior. It shouldn't even be up to you. If you ask me, it should be up to him to grow up." 
"I don't remember asking you." 
"Ah, but you did. Just now, you said it might--" 
"I know perfectly well what I said. You don't have to remind me." 
"Are we having our first fight?" He turned to look at her. 
She stared straight ahead, then shot a lightning glance in his direction, then looked back toward the street. A smile began to take shape on her face as though an invisible feather were tickling her around the mouth, and she fought to stop it. She lost the fight. 
"There, that's better," he said as she began to laugh. "Anything else you'd like to do?" 
Phillis told him she had to get home. She had promised Carl she would see him this evening. 
"Good. I won't have to worry about you. You'll be safe with a policeman." 
"Just why are you so concerned? I'm not your responsibility, you know." 
"I know, but I do feel responsible for what happens to you. After all, if it weren't for my Aunt Molly, you wouldn't be in this predicament." 
"You were in New York last Thursday evening." It wasn't exactly a question, more a musing aloud. 
He was silent. Then, he spoke. "I had something to attend to." 
"Sorry, didn't mean to pry," she said softly. 
He did not acknowledge her apology. 
 
*****
 
Sergeant Carl Wilhelm awoke somewhat later than usual that morning. If there was one thing he had learned about his superior in the two years he had been working with him, it was that Detective Captain Sylvester was intolerant of one thing in those who worked under him: tardiness. As he showered and shaved, Carl thought of Phillis. Why was she doing this to him? Why was she living in that house with another man, in that house where someone had been murdered? And why was she still refusing to marry him, rejecting him? Only two days ago, his mother had been talking to him on the telephone and when she asked him when he was going to marry Phillis, he couldn't answer her. Imagine, he couldn't answer his own mother when she asked him such a simple question. 
He arrived at the police station less than a minute before his superior. 
With the murder of Gertrude Heisler, plus a backlog of other homicides, Carl was behind in his paperwork. He spent the morning filing reports, reading computer printouts on other cases, and making telephone calls. He told Sylvester he was going out on a lead on another case. It was while he was away from the station that Pat and Phillis arrived. He returned just in time to see a uniformed policewoman come out of Captain Sylvester's office carrying what looked to Carl like a magazine. 
"What's that?" he asked Officer Nulty. 
Officer Nulty told him it was to go to the lab for fingerprints. 
Carl held out his hand and took it from her. "I'm on my way to the lab," he said and walked away with the plastic envelope containing the most recent issue of Women in Chains . He was not at his desk when Pat and Phillis left Captain Sylvester's office. 
 
*****
 
At seven-thirty that evening, again shaved, again showered, and smelling sweeter than he had while on duty, Sergeant Carl Wilhelm rang a doorbell, then waited. A moment later, Pat Montgomary opened the door. 
"Well, good evening, Sergeant Wilhelm." Pat swung the door open wider. "Please do come in." 
"Miss Toner ready?" 
"I'm sure I wouldn't know if Miss Toner is ready or not," Pat answered and stepped aside. He noticed the sergeant did not make eye contact. "Why don't you go upstairs and find out?" 
Carl brushed past Pat and headed toward the staircase, then stopped midway up and turned around. "She is still on the third floor, isn't she?" 
Pat shrugged, then smiled. "I can only presume so," he said and went into the dining room, chuckling silently. 
Carl got to the third floor and called out Phillis' name. She came out and met him in the hallway. He gave her a kiss on her cheek. 
"Well, how do you like the place now that my things are here?" she asked as she realized it was the first time he had seen the apartment since she moved her belongings in. He had been there once, after she signed the lease and before she moved. She noticed the frown on his face. "Bright. Airy. Certainly in a posh part of town." Her attempt at cheerfulness did not impress him. 
He walked into the living room. It ran the width of the house, with three floor-to-ceiling windows facing the street. Phillis had hung simple white mini-blinds on them. The furniture was mostly her Aunt Olive's: a Chinese oriental rug over the dark parquet floor, a simple burgundy velvet sofa and dark wingback chair with cherrywood tables and desk, looking understated against the plain, off-white silk wallpaper which had--in certain light--a hint of mauve to it. 
"Actually, you could change the rooms around quite easily." She was talking nervously, feeling not quite responsible for the words coming out of her mouth. "You could make this the bedroom, if you liked, and put the sitting room at the rear, but I prefer it this way. This room is somewhat larger than the rear one, and besides the bath is nearer to the back of the house." 
Carl walked over to one of the windows and looked down onto Spruce Street. "Where's the bedroom?" 
"This way," she answered and stepped out into the hall. She led him to the other end of the floor. "It's almost as big as the living room," she pointed out as she walked into the room. 
Carl went directly to one of the windows and moved the curtain to one side. "That the Rhynn house?" 
She told him it was. 
Holding the curtain away from the side of the window at arm's length, he looked at the Rhynn house, then moved his head slowly, seemed to be following an imaginary line from the house in the rear, through the window, to a spot in the middle of Phillis' bedroom. 
Phillis suddenly felt cold. "What are you doing?" 
"Whoever it is who's in that house back there has a perfect blind, with an unobstructed line right into this room, and that makes you a..." 
"That makes me a sitting duck. Is that what you're trying to tell me?" 
"I'm not trying to tell you anything." He let the curtain fall back into place. "I am telling you, Phillis, I want you out of this house as soon as possible." 
"I want to be out of this house as soon as possible, too. I hope I can find a place this week. I looked at a couple of apartments today, but they were awful. I'll just have to keep looking. Now that you've scared the bejeebers out of me, let's go to dinner. Where are we going?" 
"How about Maxie's on Front Street?" 
Before Phillis could stop them, her lips were busy telling Carl that she had had lunch there today with Pat. She would gladly have taken each and every word back. 
"I see. Of course, I don't have that kind of money. Reason I suggested it was because Maxie's been after me to eat there. His treat." 
"And I would love to go there. I ate so little for lunch, I didn't really get to find out if it was good or not," she lied and took his arm. "C'mon, let's go." 
 
*****
 
Pat watched from his second-floor window as Phillis and Carl drove away. It was better not having her underfoot this evening, he told himself, considering the thing he wanted to do. He was beginning to discover that Phillis--as much fun as she could be at times--could also be a bit too inquisitive, like the way that afternoon when she tried to find out what he did in New York last Thursday. 
 
*****
    
    Maxie was pleased to see Carl and the young lady he introduced as his fiance. He insisted upon personally showing them to their table. Phillis coughed and partially hid her face as she walked past Enrico. It didn't work. Enrico gave her a look only a maitre d' could give, one which said: "If the young lady chooses to have lunch with one young man and dinner with another, that, after all, is the young lady's business." He would, of course, file this information away for future reference in that tip-producing file all head waiters keep. 
Members of the Philadelphia police force were always welcomed at Maxie's and were treated, if not to a full dinner, at least to a special drink. This evening, Maxie whispered in Carl's ear, after seating Phillis, that dinner was his treat. 
Phillis hoped desperately that the evening would improve, that Carl's attitude would soften. She was determined to do her part to see to it that it did. She began the conversation by asking him how things were going at the station. That was her first mistake. 
"You and your detective partner ought to know how things are at the station. I understand the two of you were there today, talking to Detective Sylvester. He said later he wondered why you went to him, seeing you and I are so close. I didn't know what to tell him." 
"Carl," she began, praying she'd find the right words. "Mr. Montgomary and I went to the Rhynn house today at my insistence. You know that when I get an idea in my head, there's no stopping me. He knows the Rhynns and has a key to their house. I wanted to see the spot where someone has been standing, watching my apartment. I found nothing. Pat... er, Mr. Montgomary... found that magazine and he insisted it did not belong to the young man whose bedroom we were in. Afterwards, he suggested we take the magazine to the station so that it could be checked for fingerprints. By the way, were there any? Fingerprints, I mean." 
Carl smiled. "Of course there were. Your friend's, for instance. Your Mr. Montgomary's, nice and clear." 
"And that was all that was on it?" 
"Some smudges. And one thumbprint. It belongs to a newspaper vendor on Market Street, no doubt where Montgomary bought it." 
"What makes you so sure Pat bought it?" She began to feel herself shaking. 
"Who else? He's the one who found the magazine, after the lab boys had been all over that place this morning. It couldn't have been anyone else." 
Their food arrived. 
"I'm sorry, Phil," Carl said after a brief silence while they both played with their food. "It's just that sometimes I don't understand you. I thought you loved me. I thought you were going to marry me one of these days, but now, when I see you living in that house with another man, I... I see red. I go crazy." 
"Carl, Pat Montgomary is gay. I've told you that already. He has no interest in me sexually and I can assure you I have no such interest in him. One thing which he is, is kind and considerate and concerned. When I told him I was going out with you this evening, he was happy and said he wouldn't have to worry about me since I would be with a policeman." 
"You're trying to tell me that that queer is a nice guy? They're all alike, believe me. I've seen it enough in my line of work. We bring them in for groping a cop in a theater. We nab them for hanging around some of the cruising blocks in Center City, bothering the residents there. We see how the public feels about them, too, when some concerned citizens go a little bit too far and attack them and they cry like babies." 
Phillis was frustrated. She didn't know where to begin. "I'm both surprised and ashamed of your primitive views. You need some education, sensitivity training. And I see the police are still wasting taxpayers' money. If you didn't assign attractive policemen to sit down next to some lonely guy, you wouldn't be very busy, would you? And thank God you keep our city safe from faggots standing on street corners. That's far more important than tracking down drug dealers, isn't it?" She put down the fork she had been waving in the air. 
"Well, you'd feel the same way I do if you could see them for what they are," Carl argued. "And as for that guy you're living with, I've made it a point to thoroughly investigate him. Was put on probation in boarding school for having sex with another boy. Few years ago, got picked up several times for protesting in some of those gay-rights marches. I think you ought to spend all of your time with me, not him. Did you know he lied about when he returned from Europe?" 
"I know all about it. He spent last Thursday night in a New York hotel." 
"Is that what he told you? He checked into that hotel, all right, but there's a young lady who works in that same hotel in the car rental concession, who says he took out a car. He returned it the next morning at ten-oh-five, checked out, and took the limo to Philadelphia. Did he tell you that? What we don't know yet is where he went during the night. But I can assure you, I intend to find out where he went with that car. You know my past record, Phil. You know that when I smell something's rotten, I'm usually right; and I smell something extra rotten this time." His blue eyes were dancing about in his head. Phillis could see clearly that he was agitated and, as she said to herself, hell-bent on proving Pat Montgomary a criminal, one way or another. 
"And don't forget," Carl continued, "he's the only one as far as we know who has a key to that house behind his. Finally, that note that was in the front vestibule when you got home last evening, the one supposedly from me, who was it who found it? He did, didn't he? Oh, I know you went out with him and his friends. I never wrote that note. He's a slick operator. I could tell that from the very first time I saw him." 
"Nothing you've said so far this evening has convinced me Pat is anything but a very nice guy," she said when Carl had finished. "I really don't feel like going on with this conversation. I'm sure he had a perfectly good reason--and a personal one--for renting that car last Thursday night. It's no one else's business why he did." 
The conversation for the balance of the meal was light and involved nothing heavier than the fall mayoral election. It was still early when they got up from their table. A valet attendant got Carl's car. As they drove away, a middle-aged gentleman presented his ticket to the valet. 
"A gray Buick," he told the attendant. 
 
Chapter X
 
Pat went to his upstairs sitting room as soon as Phillis left with Carl. He was seated next to the telephone. Something Emily Heisler said to him had been nagging him. She said her father was not very broken up over the death of his wife, that she herself would not miss her mother. He asked himself several times since that conversation what if there was a motive next door for someone there to want Gertrude Heisler dead. What if there had been no mistake and the killer had truly found his--or her--intended victim? 
He made a telephone call to his friend Philip. "Know anyone who works for Burgess and Burschak? It's a big outfit; someone we know ought to work there or know someone who does." 
"It'll take a while, but I'll try," Philip replied. "I'll call back if I find someone." 
It was a quarter of an hour later when Philip called. "Found someone for you. Neville Innings. Got his name from Bob and Sean." 
"Do I know him?" 
"He was at their New Year's Eve party last year. You probably don't remember everyone who was there but...." 
"I don't even remember my being there. What does he look like?" 
Philip gave him a description. "I got him on the phone just as he was going out the door, and he said if you want to talk to him about something, meet him at Butch's." 
A few minutes later, Pat walked into Butch's on Eleventh Street. He said hello to Dave, the bartender, and asked if Neville Innings was there. Dave pointed out a thin, slightly graying man sitting alone at the far end of the bar. Pat sat down next to him and introduced himself. 
"Philip said you want some information." He stubbed out a half-smoked cigarette. 
"About someone you work with. Francis Heisler. Know him?" 
"Know him? Worked for him a few years back, just before I got my present promotion. Heard his wife was killed. Philip says you live next door to Frank. Papers said she was killed in a neighbor's backyard. That wouldn't be your...?" 
Pat nodded. "But it's the husband Francis I'm interested in." 
"I know it isn't nice to speak ill of the living." Neville lit another cigarette. "Depends on what you want to know about him." 
"Instead of us playing twenty questions, mind telling me anything you can about him?" 
"That's easy. Heisler's the head of marketing. Been with our company since you were in Pampers. Makes about six times what I make. Everyone knows he got where he is through his wife. Her family owns the majority stock in the company, and she probably owned most of that, for all I know, although that free ride may end for him in the near future. For all of us. Company's for sale and when the sale goes through--and rumor has it there's a buyer ready to buy--ain't none of us safe no more. Scuttle has it that most of us will get the ax, and if what I hear is true, Heisler's name is at the top of the list. Nobody I can think of I'd rather see it happen to. 
"Anyway, he has a piece on the side, you know. You don't know? Don't look so surprised, my dear. It's done in the best of families. I'll bet Society Hill's population would explode if all the mistresses suddenly showed up one day and moved in with their sweeties. What else can I tell you?" 
"He could be out of work soon," Pat half-mused to himself. "Know anything about his financial situation?" 
"Are you by any chance connected with the police?" Neville asked, then told Dave to refill his glass. 
Pat assured him he wasn't. "But I can't just sit back and do nothing, not since Mrs. Heisler was killed. I didn't know her or her family well, but I somehow got myself involved in this mess and I feel I have to do something, even if it's nothing more than find out what the people who live next door to me are really like." 
"Financially, I can't help you very much. I've always suspected--and it's nothing more than a suspicion--that Heisler lives up to every penny he earns, maybe even more. His girlfriend has a condo on the Parkway. Very nice, from what I hear. I can also bet her wardrobe approaches the national debt. She sells cosmetics in a shop on Rittenhouse Square; so you tell me, how does she do it? Watches her pennies, no doubt. She must cost him a bundle. And like I said, his job is shaky at best." 
"So far, this is all more or less public knowledge," Pat said. "Guess what I'm looking for is something a bit juicier, something the police aren't likely to find out, something only us girls might know about. Any kinky sex, underhanded dealings? Any real inside dirt?" 
"Company picnics aren't what they used to be," Neville laughed. "I've been around long enough to remember when you could pick up plenty of dirt at one of those shindigs without ever getting into the three-legged race, the real rotten kind of dirt you could hold over someone's head for a long time, or until they got something on you--which was usually at the following year's picnic. Eventually, everyone had something on everyone else, so it washed itself out in the end, but it was fun while it lasted." 
"Did he ever say anything to you about his wife? His daughter?" 
"The usual kind of stuff all my dear, loving, fellow executives say about their wives. They all think they're Henny Youngman. Heard him refer to his wife as 'Moneybags' and frequently did a take-off of Rumpole by calling her 'She Who Must Be Repaid.' As I understand it, he was supposedly in her debt on a couple of scores. It's public knowledge she got him his job at B & B through family connections. She also had money in her own right, so maybe he owed her some." 
"And the daughter, Emily?" 
"Funny, that. I only once remember him saying something about his daughter. She's not a kid anymore." 
"Thirty-ish." 
"Never married, from what I gather. Anyway, one time he and I went to lunch. It was a day he must have been feeling low and didn't have anyone else to go with him, so he asked me. Needed a shoulder, I guess. Ever notice how many of those tough, butch, straight-as-Robin-Hood's-arrow guys turn to us faggots when they can't cry on some twat's boobs, and they use us to tell their troubles to? He hated himself and the company and the entire world that day and sounded as though his whole life was crumbling down around him. Maybe his girlfriend was giving him trouble, I don't know. He had one drink too many for lunch that day. He started talking about his daughter and became a bit sloppy, saying something to the effect that I was lucky I didn't have any kids, all kids are trouble, all except his Emily. He said something about her I didn't understand and like drunks the world over, every statement he made he would ask me if I understood. After this statement about his daughter, I said I did not understand. Don't ask me why I wanted to know. I was bored out of my mind by that time. Anyway, he did me the great honor to repeat what he had just said. He said Emily had gotten a raw deal out of life, ever since she was a child. 'No child,' he said--and I can remember those were his exact words and he had tears in his eyes as he spoke them--'No child should be used. Children aren't for using. They're for loving, the right kind of loving, not the dirty kind.' What does that sound like to you?" 
"That she was sexually abused, if you ask me." 
Neville leaned back and looked at the part of Pat's anatomy that was in contact with the barstool seat. "You bet your cute ass it does. And they call us queer." 
"You think he's the kind to sexually abuse a child?" 
"Francis Q. Heisler is the kind of person who would sexually abuse himself standing in the middle of Independence Square, if it got him what he wanted," Neville said as he stared directly ahead across the bar. 
"Ruthless, you'd say?" 
"I guess. But maybe not much more than most in today's corporate world. Everything is so... so greedy, so impersonal, there's not much left in business today that's noble. Ah, yes, where are the noble executives of yesteryear?" This last question he uttered in a fairly good imitation of W.C. Fields. 
"You sound like a pessimist." 
"I guess. They make you that way, my dear. When they say it's dog-eat-dog out there, don't you believe it. It's not that nice. I'd take my chances with a pack of wild dogs any day." Neville swung around on his stool. "Got to go to the john. Besides, I've had my eye on that cutie pie on the other side of the bar ever since he came in." 
Pat thanked him for the information. "I owe you one." He, too, got off his stool. 
Neville took a step away, then stopped. "There is one more thing. Francis Heisler's wife was shot, according to the newspaper, from a distance. Is that right?" 
"From the third floor of the house behind mine. Why?" 
"Maybe you already know this. Maybe the police know it. I don't know, but it's worth the telling, just the same. I was in the Heislers' house once. Three, maybe four, years ago. Sort of a company party. His wife... Moose Face, we used to call her. Not very nice, I guess, now that she's... She played the gracious hostess. The rest of us came with spouses, all except me and one other gay guy who heads billing. Anyway, the Lord of the Manor took us on a tour of his estate. We had to see everything and were expected to ooh and aah over everything he showed us. He has an interesting library on one of the upper floors. First editions I suspect he's never read. The de rigueur globe of the world on a stand and the animal's head--an anteater, for all I know--protruding from the wall over the fireplace. And since no Great White Hunter's library would be complete without a gun case filled with his weapons and his trophies, they too were there. Here's what I'm getting at, Patrick, my boy. Francis Heisler may be a phony. Who knows? I suspect he is. He may show a face to the world that isn't true, but one thing is true: the trophies, the blue ribbons he has in that library, are all authentic. I have that from an impeccable source. He earned every one of them. Heisler is an expert marksman. He could shoot the balls off a tsetse fly at a hundred yards while needing to pee, which is what I have to do this minute or I'll embarrass both of us by wetting my pants." 
Pat stepped out into the night air, his head, if not spinning, as least had enough in it to think about, from what Neville had told him concerning Francis Heisler, the quiet, friendly neighbor Pat had known slightly these past few years. 
"So, things have been going on next door to me I never even guessed," he said to himself. "Really, Patrick Montgomary, you are so very naive." 
His house seemed deathly quiet as he let himself in. While walking though the archway to the living room, he heard a noise. It was coming from someplace on the first floor at the back of the house. It momentarily made him freeze, sounded as though someone was out there opening drawers in the kitchen. He wished he had a weapon; even a stick or a bat would help. He tiptoed through the dining room, holding his breath for fear of detection. As he neared the doorway to the kitchen, a voice called out, "That you, Pat?" 
He exhaled and relaxed. He still wasn't used to her living in his house. "You scared me," he said as he entered the kitchen. "Late snack? Thought you went out to dinner." 
"Lost my appetite," Phillis said as she finished fixing a bowl of cereal. "Hope you don't mind?" She gestured with the bowl. 
"Of course not. In fact, I'm going to join you. Didn't have any dinner, either." 
They sat at the table in the kitchen. 
"Had an interesting evening." He proceeded to relate what Neville had told him. 
"Any man who'd sexually molest a child--not to mention his own child--is in need of help, to put it kindly," she said when he finished. 
Pat agreed with her. "The idea's been going through my mind that maybe the killer didn't intend you at all; that maybe someone might have wanted Gertrude Heisler out of the way, and who more likely than her husband?" 
"Or her daughter." 
"Or her daughter," Pat echoed, remembering how Emily Heisler had sat at that same table and described her mother's murder as virtually nothing more than a slight inconvenience to her and her father. "There's one consolation...." 
"What?" 
"If nothing else, it should make you feel a bit better. No fun thinking you'd be dead now if someone hadn't made a mistake. The Heisler family may prove more interesting than I ever gave them credit for."
"Could Mr. Heisler be the one using the house in back?" 
"It's possible. If he wanted to kill his wife and make it look as though someone was trying to kill you, then watching you from the third floor out back would make sense. Making sure his wife saw him, being deliberately careless about being seen, would be the way to go about it. Even planting that porno magazine in Josh Rhynn's dresser drawer would give the impression that some pervert was watching you and looking at those pictures as a way of getting his kicks." 
They ate in silence for several minutes, then Phillis spoke up. "Then it could have been Heisler's gun that killed his wife?" 
"Could be. I should tell Sylvester about Heisler's marksmanship. They may be able to match the bullet that killed his wife to one of his guns." 
"Wish you had gotten to know Mrs. Heisler a bit better." She took her dish to the sink. 
"She can't tell us anything now." 
"Oh, no? Maybe she can. Give me the names of the neighbors on your other side and the ones in back, the ones on each side of the Rhynns." 
"What good would that do?" 
"Because tomorrow, one way or another, I'm going to get some of our neighbors to talk about her. I'm going to get information on that dead woman only another woman can get; information the neighbors aren't likely to give to the police." 
"You're going knocking on doors? That could be pushy, not to mention risky." 
"I can take care of myself. Been doing it for years. If Heisler killed his wife and if there's any dirt I can get to prove it, or at least strengthen our case against that child molester, I intend to do just that. Besides, I want to know one way or another who the killer was after. If not me, then I can rest easier. See you in the morning. Oh, and do me a favor: leave the names of your neighbors on the table there before you go upstairs." She headed toward the living room and the stairs to her apartment. 
"Thought you had a job to go to," he called out after her. He heard something rather indistinguishable, but he suspected it indicated an indecent action which could be taken involving her job. 
The telephone rang. Pat took it off the wall and answered it. "Auntie! Where are you?" 
"At the hotel. Bertha and I just got back from a delightful show. Dirty, I must admit, but lots of fun. And great music." 
"Coming home tomorrow?" She had told him she'd be back by Tuesday. 
"Yes, dear, Bertha and I shall take a midday train and be in Philadelphia by dinnertime." 
"Then why are you calling?" It was unlike Molly to call on the eve of her return, unless.... 
"Wanted to hear your voice." 
"That's very sweet of you, Auntie, dear. It's a lie, but a sweet lie, just the same. Care to tell me the real reason you called?" 
"Young man, you're getting too smart. I've a good mind to--" 
"I learned it from you. You could always tell what I really meant, no matter how hard I tried to disguise it, and now I can do the same thing with you. You have a reason for calling, don't you?" 
"I really did want to hear your voice. And to check that everything was all right." 
"Why shouldn't things be all right?" 
"Of course, foolish of me." She attempted to laugh. 
"There has been some trouble, Auntie." He proceeded to tell her about Mrs. Heisler's death. Molly had met Gertrude Heisler on one occasion. 
"That is terrible. And Miss Toner, how did she take it?" 
Pat had not mentioned the theory that the killer may have intended Phillis as his victim. 
"She's tough. But there's something else that concerns Miss Toner. Today, I took her to lunch at Maxie's. While we were there, there was a gentleman, a man about sixty or so, gray hair, glasses, who strained to hear every word we said. Know anything about him?" 
"A man? Why no, dear, why should I know... I mean, I couldn't possibly...." 
"Since you're the one who put Miss Toner in this house while I was away, I thought maybe you might also know why someone is following her." 
"I'm sure I don't know what you mean." 
"Then get a good night's sleep and call me when you get back home." 
He replaced the receiver and headed toward his bedroom upstairs. 
 
*****
 
Molly hung up her phone and sat on the edge of the bed in their hotel room. 
"Molly Montgomary, you look as though... as though you've seen... What's wrong?" Bertha asked and came over and sat down next to her. 
"Oh, Bertha, I'm such a fool, such an old fool. I've done a terrible thing." 
Bertha was too good a friend to say, "I told you so." Instead, she patted Molly's hand and said, "It will be all right. I'm sure of it. Patrick will take care of whatever it is. He always does." 
 
Chapter XI
 
The next morning, Phillis came downstairs while Pat was still asleep. She headed toward the kitchen, hoping Pat had remembered to leave the names of his neighbors as she had asked. For the second time within the past few days, she reached the kitchen only to be subjected to a shock, which she was sure made her heart skip several beats. 
"Sorry if I startled you," Demey said as he turned away from the stove where he was occupied. 
"It's my fault," she laughed. "I'm jumpy these days. Did Mr. Montgomary leave a list of...." she started to ask, then saw a piece of paper on the kitchen table. "Ah, here it is." 
"Our neighbors' names? I saw them and wondered why they were there. You want their names? Whatever for?" 
"I, Demey, am going snooping." She read the names, hoping to memorize them matched up to their locations. "If there's any dirt out there to be got, I intend to get it." 
"Dirt? Like who sleeps with who?" 
"That, and any other information about Mrs. Heisler I can dig up that might help." 
"Disgusting. I totally disapprove of you doing that, Miss Toner," Demey said severely. "Yes, indeed, totally." 
"This is something I feel I should do." She wondered why she felt she had to explain. What right did he have to tell her what she should or should not do? "If I meet anyone this hour of the morning, I'm hoping to get a little information--gossip, if you will." 
"That can be dangerous, poking your nose in where it doesn't belong. One can get into serious trouble. Ask me, that's what that Gertrude Heisler was doing, coming over here butting into something that didn't concern her, and you saw what happened to her." 
"If you're trying to scare me to death, Demey, you're doing a good job of it." Phillis was trying hard not to let him frighten her. "No one's going to do anything to me in broad daylight." 
"And what time was it when Mrs. Heisler was shot? Wasn't it in what you call 'broad daylight'?" 
"That's different." She had no idea in this world why in her case it would be different, but it was the only thing she could think to say. She was standing at the back door. 
"Just the same, I think I ought to tag along, in case you need--" 
"That won't be necessary, Demey. Take my word for it." With that external show of bravado, she went out the kitchen door and into the garden. 
The police had removed the yellow strips that had cordoned off the garden and the alley behind it. The squad car also was gone. She silently cursed Demey for saying those things. She had gotten up this morning set on talking to any neighbors she could meet. Now, she felt herself shaking slightly. Besides, she asked herself, what was there about Demey that intimidated her? Why was she almost afraid of him? 
Determined to put Demey out of her mind for the time being, she took a deep breath. She had read that deep breathing calmed the nerves. The air was magnificent this morning and the smell of flowers all around her made it a perfect day for breakfast outside. At least one of the neighbors, she hoped, would take advantage of the cool, early air and would be eating al fresco. She opened the back gate and went out into the alley. She turned to her left and walked leisurely past the rear gate of the property next door, the opposite side from the Heislers, and casually glanced into the garden. Empty. "Neglected, too," she said to herself. She crossed the alley and did the same to the house on that side. That garden was also empty. Then came the garden attached to the Rhynn house, showing signs of neglect. She next approached the gate of the garden belonging to the house directly across from the Heislers. Luck. The gate was an elaborate wrought iron affair through which she could see a woman seated on a chaise lounge, a table next to her on which were a coffeepot and a tray of Danish pastry. Phillis shot a glance at Pat's note cupped in the palm of her hand. 
"Good morning, Mrs. Kirsten," Phillis called out. "Delightful morning, isn't it?" 
The woman folded the newspaper she had in her hand and squinted in the direction of the voice she seemed unsure she had heard. She managed to focus on Phillis. "Yes, it is. I'm sorry, I don't seem to..." 
"It's Phillis. Phillis Toner. From 'cross the way. A friend of Pat Montgomary. Remember, we met once last summer?" 
"Oh, of course. I didn't recognize you for a moment. Lost in thought, you know. The news. So depressing, isn't it? Honestly, I don't know why I bother to read it sometimes. Habit, if you ask me. And how have you been?" 
"I've been fine. Been away, you know. I just got back a few weeks ago. And you?" Phillis played a hunch. There was more than a little in the woman's round face with too much powder on it and her meticulously coiffured pink hair, the expensive silk and lace powder-blue negligee covering mounds of fat, the satin slippers she was wearing, and the rings sparkling on most of her fingers, that screamed self-indulgence. "I do hope you are feeling better. If I remember correctly, the last time we spoke, you were complaining that...." 
Phillis' trick worked perfectly. Mrs. Kirsten stood up, supporting her generous weight against the table, and, lifting her bosom with a sigh, managed with a display of great effort to walk the dozen or so feet to the gate. She opened the lock. "Do come in, my dear," she said and with a look of pain suddenly filling her face as she clutched her chest, stepped aside to let Phillis enter. She offered Phillis a seat, then rang a small crystal bell, which was on the table. A uniformed maid appeared and was told to bring out some fresh coffee and another cup. 
"You look well." Phillis had the impression the woman's eyesight was poor, to say the least, and her vanity was too great to submit to wearing glasses. Fortunately for Phillis. Otherwise she might not have been able to pull off this charade. 
"Oh, my dear, don't you believe it," Mrs. Kirsten immediately contradicted her. "These doctors know nothing. Absolutely nothing, I tell you. I sometimes think I could diagnose myself better than they can. All they know how to do well is take your money. If it weren't for my own inner strength and determination and Raj, I don't know what I'd do. You do remember Raj, of course. He is such a comfort to me. I couldn't go on without him, I just know that. If I didn't have him next to me in bed each night, if I ever woke up one morning knowing I'd never see him again, I know I would expire on the spot. Life would no longer have any meaning for me. But I've resolved not to bore my friends by always talking about my problems no matter how bad they might be. Tell me about yourself, my dear." 
Phillis didn't want to talk about herself. And who the hell is Raj? No, she'd get directly to the point. "As I said, I've been away and just got back a while ago. Been meaning to stop by and see you but you know, I'm sure, what it's like when you've been abroad and come home. There are thousands of things to do. And then, this... this tragedy. Poor Gertrude Heisler. I still can't believe it, can you?" 
Zena Kirsten placed a pudgy, jewel-encrusted hand on Phillis' arm. "Oh, my dear, I just can't talk about that. I haven't had a full night's sleep since it happened. I fear none of us are safe anymore. You shouldn't be walking alone, not even in broad daylight. I know I won't go anyplace--anyplace at all--without Raj to protect me. He would attack anyone who laid a hand on me." 
Phillis felt better now that she knew who Raj was. She was afraid she might have made a faux pas on that one. Of course, Raj was Mrs. Kirsten's dog. "But I guess no one in the neighborhood really knew Mrs. Heisler. I don't suppose any of us ever got to know her." 
"Don't you believe that, not for one blessed second, either," Zena said with a knowing nod of the head. "I knew her. Yes, indeed, I was the only one who really knew Gertrude Heisler. She confided in me, you know." She sighed once more. "It is a burden, carrying others' cares, but people just naturally come to me with their problems. Poor, poor Gertrude." 
"Of course, everyone knew she did not have a happy marriage." Phillis said, and she too, sighed. 
"You don't know how unhappy, my dear. Some women are truly martyrs." 
"But he never... never struck her, did he?" 
"Of course not!" Zena actually raised her voice. "We are not living in the slums, my dear. At least he has some breeding. No, there are other ways of inflicting pain on an unfortunate woman like Gertrude. Unfaithful." Zena whispered the last word as she looked furtively around her own garden. "For many years. I used to hear them when they didn't know I was sitting here and they would be in their own garden or their windows were open. Sometimes, their voices would get... well, a bit loud... and one just couldn't help but hear what they were saying. She'd remind him--as indeed she had every right to do--that the money in that family was hers, that if it hadn't been for her, he wouldn't even have that job of his. And I just know they did not have... well, have any romance left in their marriage. She once said, and I heard every word of it, that he never touched her anymore, hadn't in years, not since he took up with that tart of his." 
"Consolation for her that she had her daughter, Emily." 
"Humph!" was Zena's evaluation of that consolation. "That one! All she ever had time for was him ." 
Phillis looked puzzled. 
"Her father. That one!" Zena explained. "Two peas in the same pod, if you ask me." 
This wasn't making much sense to Phillis, based on what Pat had told her last evening. "I was under the impression there wasn't much love lost between father and daughter." 
"Oh, no, my dear, you've got it completely wrong there. He's crazy about Emily and she fairly worships him. The two of them cut Gertrude out of their lives. I know that for a fact. It's terrible being shut out like that. I know because...." 
As Zena rambled on about the injustices she had suffered out of life, Phillis decided it was time she moved on. She stood up and walked toward the rear gate. 
"...and some of us always receive the back of life's hand." Zena was on the verge of summing up her life's story. 
"I was wondering if the neighbors or friends are planning on doing anything," Phillis asked. "Do you think any of them would like to? Any of them know Gertrude well enough to plan something? I don't suppose she has much family left." 
"You could ask, of course," Zena said, a bit miffed at having the saga of her life's travails cut short. "I would be the logical one to do something, of course, having known her so well and for so long, but my health... you do understand?" 
Phillis assured her she did understand. "I was thinking of someone else, really." 
"A friend of hers lives west of Broad Street," Zena went on. "Not what you'd call a neighbor. She knew Gertrude quite well, I understand. Not as well as I did, of course." 
"Do you know her name?" Phillis was standing with her back against the iron gate set in the back wall of the garden. 
"Let me think. Trenton? No, that doesn't sound right. Patterson. Yes, that's it. No... no, I lie. That's not right, either. Your brother would know her name. She lives on Delancey Street, I think. Yes, I'm sure of that. She must be in the book. Or is her name Brunswick? Oh, dear, that sounds more like a city, doesn't it? I just can't think when Raj isn't with me. Ask your brother. I'm sure he could tell you." 
"Well, I really must be go--" As Phillis spoke, the largest animal she'd ever seen without the safety of a zoo's cage between her and it, came rushing toward her. It was a Great Dane that easily measured over four feet to the top of his head. He stopped within inches of Phillis as she cringed against the gate. "N... nice Raj," she managed to say. 
Zena came to her rescue. "Go on, Dumpling," she said to the animal as it began to express its affection for Phillis by placing its two front paws firmly on her shoulders and licking her face. The dog obeyed, got down, and turned away. 
"You really shouldn't call him Raj," Zena said to Phillis in a conspirator's whisper. "It is funny, but Raj might be offended. Let me call him." She turned and bellowed, "Raj, come out here. There's a friend of mine I want you to meet." 
Raj came out of the house into the garden and walked toward them. Phillis gasped. She could not help herself from staring. He came toward her, all six-feet-four-inches of him. She looked up and saw the straight black shiny hair, the dark, Indian skin of his face, and the jet black eyes. Her own eyes continued their examination over the massive shoulders, the muscular arms, the exaggerated pectoral muscles, the thin waist, down the long legs with their hardened thighs. Even his bare feet seemed to exude power and sex. She tried unsuccessfully to avoid looking at the only article of clothing he was wearing: the smallest bikini she had ever seen, every thread of which was straining from the pressure of its contents. Phillis gulped. "How nice of you to meet me," she managed to mumble as she undid the gate lock behind her, turned, and hurried along the alley to the safety of Pat's house. 
She rushed into the kitchen and sat down at the table. 
Demey turned away from the stove and stared at her. "What happened?" he demanded to know. 
"Do you think I could have some coffee?" 
"Looks to me as though you need something stronger," Demey said as he poured. "Someone chase you?" 
"No. I was talking to Zena Kirsten and...." 
Demey waited for her to continue. "And...?" 
"Nothing," she said as she took a sip of coffee. She put the cup down. "Some things don't make sense sometimes," she said aloud, but to herself. 
 
Chapter XII
 
Pat waited until he heard Phillis go upstairs to her apartment, then he hurried down to the first floor, slipping out the front door and into his car, and drove toward Broad and Locust Streets. He stepped off the elevator on the eleventh floor of the Penn Building and looked for a special door. He found it. In the lower right corner of the frosted glass window was the name he wanted. Two names and nothing more. 
Pat opened the door and entered. A young lady with the whitest platinum hair any drugstore bleach could produce looked up from her desk. She gave Pat a rubber-stamp smile. 
"Mr. Theodore Elias, please," Pat said. 
"May I ask...?" she responded with the usual request concerning his having an appointment. She spoke the words mechanically, as though unaware of or uninterested in their meanings. 
He was tempted to walk behind her seat and search her back for the wire which, when pulled, elicited such a question. He gave her, instead, his name. 
"Mr. Elias doesn't usually see anyone without...." 
Where were these humanoids manufactured? Pat wondered. How much did they cost? Expensive, surely. Then Theodore Elias and his partner--the names on the window showed there was a partner by the name of Gordon--must be doing quite well in their business, and in their particular business of private investigating that meant one of two things: They were highly competent or highly dishonest. Pat told the would-be Jean Harlow, this green-eyed, big-bosomed young lady that he would wait all day, if necessary, to see Mr. Elias, and that in fact, if Mr. Elias is as intelligent as Pat gave him credit for being, he would see Mr. Patrick Montomary and see him immediately. 
"Will you please take a seat and...." 
Pat wondered if he should ask her where he should take the seat, but decided that would go over her head. He obediently sat down, determined to see Mr. Theodore Elias. 
Miss Robo-Secretary got up from her desk. Pat marveled at the ease with which the machinery worked: the waist swiveling, the rear rotating, the front swelling as air filled the lungs. He wouldn't have been at all surprised had he heard a motor grind away and one or two squeaks come from someplace inside her internal motorized workings. She opened a door directly behind her desk and entered a sanctum sanctorum. A little over a minute later she came out again. She stood next to the open door. 
"Mr. Elias will see you now. This way...." 
As he walked past her, the thought occurred to him that it might be instructive to lift one of her arms to see if one part could be moved when the other parts were at rest and the motor was idling. He resisted that temptation, too. 
The inner office of Elias and Gordon--at least the one Pat now entered--was quite posh. There were deep, pale green carpeting, a brocade sofa along one wall, and three low, off-white linen upholstered stuffed chairs facing it. The ubiquitous desk was noticeable by its absence. The room's walls were soft pink, trimmed in shades of plum; there were several healthy green plants; simply-framed watercolors of abstract mists and lights broke up the sameness of the walls. All this gave the impression one had entered a dream chamber where one's cares and worries should be left outside, that the occupant of this room would miraculously take care of whatever it was that troubled its visitor. 
Mr. Elias came toward Pat, right hand extended. Pat wondered if he had wings tucked under the jacket of his gray suit or a magic wand up his sleeve. 
"Do come in, Mr. Montgomary," the suave Mr. Elias said as he shook Pat's hand, and with the other hand on Pat's elbow directed him toward one of the stuffed chairs. "May I get you something? Coffee? Or possibly...." 
Pat held up a hand. "No, nothing, thank you." He looked about him, although he had thoroughly taken in the entire room within seconds of entering it. "You seem, Mr. Elias, to have quite a successful business going here, you and Mr. Gordon." 
Mr. Elias smiled, thanked him, then said, "Mrs." 
Pat raised an eyebrow. 
"Mrs. Gordon, not Mr.," he explained. For the better part of the next two minutes, Mr. Elias went on to give an abreviated history of Elias and Gordon, hinting at their part in some of the country's more famous and infamous criminal cases. 
At the same time, Pat took the opportunity to study this man he had come to see. Mr. Elias was, Pat guessed, in his early sixties. There was an air of meticulousness about him. One could cut a stale bagel on the crease in his trousers. Speaking of which, the suit he was wearing, as well as its accessories, told the world, "Here is a man who has succeeded." The ring on his right hand would make a nice down payment on a house. In summary, Pat told himself, here was a man who, despite the soft wrinkles on his face giving the effect of a kindly grandfather type and which might lead the unwary to trust him, knew how to charge hefty fees. 
"...and justifiably proud of our record," Mr. Elias concluded. 
"Then I take it your rates are, shall we say, in line with your accomplishments?" 
Mr. Elias smiled and nodded slightly. "Shall we say, in line with the services we provide. And speaking of services, how may we be of service to you, Mr. Montgomary?" 
Pat had come prepared. "There is a young lady...." 
"Ah, yes, a young lady. Say no more, Mr. Montgomary. A person of your... ah... social standing, eligibility. Marriage? Or is it a case of eliminating a certain kind of nuisance?" 
"Nothing like that. I just wish to get some information about her--her background, her family." 
"Her name?" Mr. Elias had taken a small black notebook from his inner jacket pocket. 
"Phillis Toner." As he gave the name, Pat studied Mr. Elias--not just his face, but his entire frame, for signs of reaction. There was no reaction from the man seated across from him. He's cool, I'll grant him that, Pat said to himself. 
Mr. Elias put the notebook away. He put away, too, that grandfatherly expression on his face. "I am sorry, Mr. Montgomary, but I fear I can not take this case. I suddenly realize we have quite a workload at this time and only my partner and I work them. We never take on operators." 
"Maybe we can clear up this particular case in just a few minutes." Pat returned Mr. Elias' stare. "We can, if you will be so kind as to tell me why you've been following Miss Toner, why you listened to our conversation yesterday in Maxie's, why you've been watching my house where Miss Toner is living, questioning those who work in the same building she does. Who hired you? What do they want with Miss Toner? Someone has been spying on her from the house directly behind mine, watching her apartment, watching her. If you've been in that house, I would like to know how you got in. The owners are friends of mine and I have a key to the property and I'm sure no one else does." 
"A man of your intelligence and worldly experience," Mr. Elias took up the verbal fencing, "must realize that I am not at liberty to disclose anything connected with any assignment I may take on. You know I cannot tell you if I am observing anyone or, if so, who hired me to do it." 
"So far, I have not told Detective Sylvester of the Philadelphia Homicide Division about your involvement. I trust you are aware that a murder has taken place in my own backyard. My neighbor, Mrs. Gertrude Heisler, was found shot in my garden. Detective Sylvester is in charge of that investigation." 
Mr. Elias nodded. "I read the newspaper accounts. I can assure you, Mr. Montgomary, that I have not been inside the house you refer to, the... what was the name?" 
"I didn't give it. But it's Rhynn." 
"Yes, Rhynn. I have not been inside that house or any other house in your immediate neighborhood. Although we pride ourselves at being resourceful, Elias and Gordon does not stoop to breaking and entering. We leave that for the... eh... more glamorous fictional private investigators...." 
"The police get a bit uptight when murder is involved," Pat countered. "They become myopic, suspicious of anyone in any way connected with the crime. Your trailing someone like Miss Toner, the possibility of your being in the Rhynn house--even though you deny it--makes you someone the police, especially Detective Sylvester, would want to question. Did I mention that the shot which killed Mrs. Heisler came from that house behind mine?" 
Mr. Elias straightened up in his chair. "I don't take lightly to threats, Mr. Montgomary," he said without changing expression. "If you feel you must notify the police of my imaginary presence in the house behind your house, by all means feel free to do so. I--we--always operate within the law. I have nothing to hide from the police." 
"Do I understand that you do not intend to tell me why you've been interested in Miss Toner?" 
"You understand correctly." 
"Then," Pat slowly rose from his chair, "be prepared to answer first to the police, then if anything should happen to Miss Toner, if you should harass her, you will have me to answer to. Do I make myself clear, Mr. Elias?" 
"Perfectly, Mr. Montgomary," Mr. Elias too rose from his chair. 
As Pat stood in the open doorway of the office, he addressed Mr. Elias. "I have the feeling, sir, that you and I have not seen the last of one another." 
"That is quite possible," the private detective said with a gracious smile. 
Pat glanced at the decorative secretary seated at her desk as he went through the reception area. He wondered how she was programmed for departing clients. He was not to be disappointed. 
"Have a nice day," she called out after him as he went through the outer door. 
Pat had the satisfaction of knowing for sure what he came here to find out, that Mr. Elias had indeed been following Phillis and, he was equally certain, was still doing so. 
He also knew he had two tasks ahead of him: To find out why Mr. Elias was following Phillis and, probably even more important, to find out who had hired him to do so. 
 
*****
 
When Pat returned home, he found Demey in the second-floor sitting room, busily vacuuming. His housekeeper was not in a very good mood. 
"And now I suppose you'll be wanting a late breakfast or an early lunch?" Demey asked as he struggled with the sofa. Pat helped by taking one end and sliding it back into place. 
"I wouldn't dream of hurting your feelings by not." 
"You won't hurt my feelings." Demey put the vacuum cleaner away and headed down the stairs to his kingdom by the sink. 
A half hour later, Pat was seated in the dining room, lost in thought and eating a leftover masterpiece consisting of eggs, bousin cheese, and a few other ingredients he couldn't identify. As he ate, Phillis came into the room. He looked up as she stood next to the table. 
"Please sit down," he said to her. "Would you like some breakfast? If so, maybe Demey...." 
"No, nothing. Just some coffee." 
"I saw someone this morning. A Mr. Theodore Elias. Name ring a bell?" 
She shook her head. 
"He was seated two tables from us yesterday when we had lunch at Maxie's. Almost fell off his chair several times trying to hear what you and I were saying. Remember him?" 
Again she shook her head. 
"He certainly knows you. Probably much better than he has any right to. He's been following you, asking people about you. In general, butting into your life." 
"But why? Why would he want to do that? And what gives him the right?" 
"He's a private investigator. Someone has hired him to follow you, snoop into your life and your background. I was hoping you might have some ideas along that line. Can you think of any reason at all? Have you applied for a job, especially with the government?" 
"No." 
"Is the company you work for involved with government contracts?" 
"I work for Channel 41. We're a small, independent television station." 
"You don't have anything to do with a reality television show, do you?" 
"Pat, this isn't funny. I've got to get to the bottom of it all. No one has the right to--" 
"I told Elias I was going to report him to Detective Sylvester. I'm not sure if that's the right thing to do at this time or if we should wait and see what Elias does next, after my visit to him this morning." 
"He might show his hand?" 
"Precisely. There's something about this guy I don't like, apart from his profession. He's a little too successful for a two-person team. I'm skeptical of someone who puts on a show of having so much money. Ask me, if a PI has that much money, he didn't get it all through legitimate means. But enough of Mr. Elias for the moment. You were up and out a bit early this morning. Accomplish anything with that list of names I left you?" 
"Talked to Mrs. Kirsten." 
"How is the neighborhood gossip? Raj still there?" 
"Mr. India? Yes, I met him. Amazing, isn't it, the things money can buy?" 
"How did you get her to talk, not that it's difficult to get Zena to talk, but she doesn't know you." 
"I told her we had met before. She's as blind as a bat--a baseball bat--and as vain as anyone could be. Funny how people believe what they're expected to believe. She actually acted as though we had known one another for years. She told me something important, I think." 
"That's hard to believe. I don't think Zena Kirsten has ever said anything important in her entire life." 
"This is. She said Mr. Heisler and his daughter Emily are inseparable, absolutely devoted to one another. And I believed her when she said it. That contradicts what you said last night about his sexually abusing Emily as a child, doesn't it?" 
Pat thought for a moment. "Sounds that way, when you first think about it. Unless... unless Emily is... or has become... as perverted as her father. Is it possible that through exposure from an early age she knows no better, has become her father's... concubine?" 
"Haven't heard that word in ages. Don't think I've ever heard it spoken, except in quotes from the Bible." 
"Some of the Egyptian pharaohs, when their eldest daughter came of age, used to discard their wives and replace them with the daughter who took the wife's place, not only next to him on the throne, but in his bed as well." 
"Didn't that complicate matters sometimes?" 
"In-du-bit-a-bly. If there were offspring from that relationship--as there sometimes was--the child born had a father who was also his grandfather and a mother who was also his sister. Try explaining that when filling out an application." 
"She mentioned someone she said was close to Mrs. Heisler, but she couldn't give me the name. Sounded as though she was going through a list of the cities in New Jersey: Trenton, Brunswick, Patterson." 
"Flemmington. She must mean Adelaide Flemmington. She and I worked together a couple years back on a citizens' committee. Shrewd woman, Adelaide. I remember her telling me she knew my next-door neighbors very well. They grew up together. She's nothing at all like Zena. If you like, I think a visit to Adelaide could prove quite interesting, to say the least. I'll call and see if she can see us today." 
Demey appeared at the doorway to the dining room, his arms folded in front of him. "Will anyone be here for dinner?" he demanded to know. 
"Hard to say who'll be here and who won't," Pat answered. 
"Always a pleasant thought," Demey chuckled. 

Chapter XIII
 
As they stood on the front steps of the mansion on Delancey Street off Rittenhouse Square, Pat and Phillis looked like two proper young people making a very proper courtesy call at a very proper address. Phillis was wearing a simple white cotton smock with one small violet embroidered on the breast pocket, deliberately understated. Pat had brought out his white ducks, which as he put it, along with his blue blazer qualified him to apply for the position of social director aboard the Good Ship Lollipop. 
"We look right out of the twenties," Pat said as they waited. "Adelaide Flemmington will love us. She still lives in that decade herself." 
A butler answered their ring and ushered them through the cool marble foyer into a downstairs parlor with massive pillars on either side of the archway. There were a pair of sofas in front of an intricately carved soapstone mantle, a baby grand piano in one corner, a screen made of authentic Egyptian papyri partitioning off another corner. Phillis thought the room was large enough to make a perfect auditorium for the Philadelphia Orchestra. Before they had a chance to sit, Adelaide Flemmington came into the room. 
"Patrick, how are you?" She held out both hands and took his in hers. "And that marvelous Aunt Molly of yours, how is she?" 
Adelaide Flemmington wore her dark brown hair shaped severely around her head, flapper fashion. Her even darker brown eyes sat deep back in her head, and her face, accustomed to the finest in cosmetics and weekly facials, was evenly wrinkled, placing her in that category of women seen so often around fashionable Rittenhouse Square. They eventually become so old they appear to be ageless. The thing which betrays their age is often the degree of dependability they are forced to show upon their paid companions. Adelaide might have been in her sixties. She might equally as well have been in her nineties. She admitted to neither. She had to tilt her head back to look up as she spoke to Pat. 
"Auntie is doing splendidly and was asking about you only a few days ago," he lied. "Adelaide, I would like you to meet a friend of mine, Phillis Toner." 
"How do you do, my dear," Mrs. Flemmington said and indicated they be seated. She nodded to the butler, who left the room. 
Phillis found herself taking an instant liking to this woman, something Phillis always tried not to do. First impressions and all that. Maybe, she thought to herself, after the phoniness and shallowness of Zena Kirsten, Adelaide Flemmington comes as a refreshing change. 
The butler reappeared, followed by a young woman in uniform who was carrying a tray weighted down with a tea service. Another, even younger, girl was carrying a tray bearing tea biscuits, butter, and jam. 
"I do hope you both enjoy teatime," Adelaide said. "Some people find the ritual pretentious and, I suppose, there are those who engage in it for that very reason. I do it because I enjoy it. I like tea and at this time of the afternoon, I think it 'hits the spot,' as they say." She poured as the younger maid passed around the biscuits and jam. When the servants had left the room, Adelaide's gracious smile instantly disappeared from her face. 
"Now, Patrick, what's up?" she asked. "I know you only too well. I know you have more pressing interests in this world than to call up an old lady and invite yourself to tea. You're not here because you crave either me or my scones, however tempting both may be. When you and I worked together a while back, I got to know when something was bothering you. Out with it." 
Patrick looked at Phillis, then at their hostess. "Women like you and Aunt Molly shouldn't be allowed to come in contact with mere mortals like the rest of us," he began. "Years ago, they would have burned you at the stake. Okay, there is something. It concerns what happened to Gertrude Heisler. You knew her much more than casually. We're trying to find out whatever we can about her and her family to see if there is any reason someone would want to kill her. We thought you could help." 
Adelaide Flemmington sat in silence studying her lap for several seconds, then looked up at Pat. "Don't try to play the role of amateur sleuth with me, Patrick. You want to know more than whodunit. It's in the tone of your voice. It is written on your face. You're worried about something. You're trying to dig deep. Very deep. If you just wanted to know about Gertrude's background and family, you didn't have to look me up. I don't know if I can help you. Why not try telling me the whole story?" 
Pat told her. He told of how Phillis had rented his third floor from Molly while he was away, of how Phillis "found" Gertrude's body, of how he and Detective Sylvester thought it possible the killer had mistaken Gertrude for Phillis. He told of the voyeur using the third floor of the house behind his to watch Phillis' apartment. 
"And last evening, I found out something very unpleasant," he summed up. "Someone told me something which leads us to believe that as a child Emily Heisler was sexually molested by her father." 
Adelaide had remained silent the whole time Pat spoke. She put down her teacup and placed her folded hands on her lap. She studied both of her visitors intently. Her eyes had a way of seeming to penetrate. "You two make a handsome couple. I suspect you are not. A couple, that is. I don't pretend to know your relationship. I do, though, sympathize with you, Miss Toner. It must be horrible to think that someone may have wished to kill you. I pray that is not the case. As for you, Patrick, I think I should get on the telephone this very minute and call Molly and tell her you're misbehaving again. Really! Is it that important you dig out the dirt of someone's life, someone you never really knew, someone who is dead? If I didn't know you better, I'd say this was a shameful pastime, such prying." 
"Adelaide, you must believe me. We're not prying. It's just that we feel so... so helpless and frustrated. The police don't seem to be doing very much, and we can't just sit back and wait to see if that theory is correct and if someone is going to try again to kill Phillis. We were hoping you'd help us. We don't know of anyone else we can turn to." 
Adelaide's shrewd eyes went from Pat to Phillis, then back to Pat again. "First, answer one question for me. Why did Molly rent part of your house to Miss Toner?" 
"That's the biggest question of them all. I have no idea. I couldn't get a sensible answer out of Auntie on that point when I got home last Friday. Since that time, she's been away. She's been insisting for some time that I spend too much money and should cut expenses and the best way to do that would be to take in a tenant. It makes no sense, actually." 
"If there is one thing that one can say about Molly Montgomary, it is that Molly always makes sense." Adelaide picked up the tray of biscuits and offered them to her guests. "I've known her long and well enough to know that. She must have her reasons. My advice to you, young man, is that you pursue that answer. It is possible that at least some of the questions bothering you might be answered once you find out why Molly did what she did." 
"I intend to do just that, just as soon as she gets back to the city." 
Adelaide took a deep breath. "Well then, here goes. God help me if I do the wrong thing, but I will try to help. I knew Gertrude Burschak my whole life. We were distantly related and saw so much of one another as children, you might say we were more like sisters. Our parents thought it wise to let us go away to school together. We were sent to Switzerland. That was many years ago, my dears, many years before either of you were born, back in the days when proper young ladies, as we were then referred as, left home to be 'finished.' That was the word they used, 'finished.' I always thought it somewhat like coming out of a factory. One was hammered out of raw materials, then put together on an assembly line, and the last step was to be polished, or finished. 
"Anyway, I do ramble on so. We kept in touch as the years went by. We saw many things happen, many changes in our own lives. It began to look as though neither one of us was going to marry, but eventually I met Herbert and we were soon married. A few months later, Gertrude announced her own engagement. I was not fond of Francis Heisler. No, I take that back; I disliked him very much. I thought him opportunistic, interested in Gertrude solely for her money and social standing and the family business. I think she knew that was why he was marrying her, but it didn't seem to bother her. Some people--and Gertrude was one of those people--find it difficult to accept the fact that someone might actually like them for themselves, much less love them. Her family made no attempt to hide the fact that they thought she was unmarriageable and that they would have her on their hands; that she would end up as everyone's 'Aunt Gertie,' the old maid aunt. She felt, I am convinced, that if she did not marry Francis, no one else would ever ask her; that he was her one and only chance. 
"I can remember it as though it were only a month ago when Gertrude told me she was expecting their child. She was so excited. Well, at least as excited as Gertrude could ever be. She was not a... a demonstrative person. She thought, although she never expressed this in so many words to me--we didn't have to tell one another things, we knew what the other was thinking--that the advent of their child would make everything right in their marriage. Their child was born. A daughter. Emily. I was her godmother. Even I thought--or I should say, 'hoped'--that things would get better. They got worse. 
"Francis Heisler had had a mistress virtually from the day they were married. He never loved Gertrude. Through her, he got the position he still holds with the company. She owned, and I presume still owned when she... she died, a large share of the family stock in Burgess and Burschak, so naturally her husband would have such a position. There was so little sex in their marriage, it was remarkable she ever became pregnant. Once Emily came along, even that little disappeared. That was something Gertrude told me. Such a sexless arrangement doesn't bother some women, especially women in Gertrude's position. By that, I mean holding the financial reins. Such women often do not miss sex in their lives. They substitute sex with power and castration. But not Gertrude. She was a bundle of contradictions. Although she was not, as I said, openly demonstrative, she was nevertheless a... healthy... woman. Sex was important to her. She once told me she considered taking a lover. I don't honestly believe she did. I don't even think she so much as had an affair, however brief. Her bashfulness, her reticence, would have stood in the way. She was too timid, especially around men. 
"You told me, Patrick, that you suspect Emily Heisler was molested by her father when she was a child. Whatever else one might say about Francis Heisler--and heaven knows, in the past I think I've been as negative about him as any one person can be about another human being--one has to give him credit for being a good father. He adored that child. Still does, I'm told. She eventually became the only thing, I am positive, that kept him with Gertrude. 
"He and I rarely talked, even at social functions, but one day he came to see me. He said he knew I did not like him, but that I was the only person he could think of who knew Gertrude well and who could be trusted with what he was about to tell me. I listened to his story, dumbfounded, unable to believe what he was saying to me. I fought with him, denying all he said, accusing him of making up such horrible lies. Finally, he convinced me to speak to his daughter. I agreed. I found out that what he had told me was the truth. I agreed with him that sending the child away--far, far away--was the only sensible and kind thing that could be done." 
Pat stared at Adelaide after she finished speaking. Finally, he had to say, "I don't understand. Why did she have to be sent away?" 
"When I began, I said I prayed to God I would not do the wrong thing," Adelaide continued. "Maybe I have no right to tell you. Gertrude is no longer with us, but Francis and Emily are and it does concern them. I am sometimes, I fear, a foolish woman. I am probably one today. All I can do is ask that you treat what I am about to tell you with the utmost confidentiality. What I have to say must never leave this room unless it becomes... becomes a matter of life or death. Do I make myself clear?" 
Pat and Phillis both nodded, half-mesmerized in anticipation of what Adelaide Flemmington was about to tell them. 
"I have already told you Gertrude was sexually frustrated in her marriage," Adelaide said. "She managed, God help her, to find an outlet for that frustration. Patrick, you said you came into information that makes you believe Emily Heisler was sexually molested as a child. You are correct about that, but I see I shall have to spell it out for you. She was molested sexually, but not by her father. By her mother." Adelaide was visibly shaken by her own words. She took a small handkerchief from her pocket and wiped the corner of one eye. 
"The abuse had gone on for several years. When Emily finally had to come home from school, things were different. She was older and wiser. She no longer permitted Gertrude to do the things she once had and her fear of her mother turned into hatred. Emily understood, too, the great sacrifice her father had made in sending her away and in not letting her come home on holidays or even summer vacations." 
"I'm sorry," Pat said. "We had no idea. We never meant to... to invade. We will not repeat what you told us today, Adelaide. All we can do is to thank you for trusting us. Maybe knowing this, we will be able to understand other things better. I do hope so." He stood up. Phillis followed his example. 
Adelaide silently reached over and pressed a button next to the fireplace. Almost instantly, the butler appeared. She held out her hands to Pat and Phillis. They both kissed her on the cheek. None of the three of them spoke as the butler turned and showed his mistress' guests to the front door. 
Phillis stared at Pat as he turned the key in the car's ignition. "Where does this leave us? Or get us?" 
He drove to Pine Street, then headed toward Society Hill. "It leaves us in one helluva mess." 
"You do realize, don't you, that we now have two people with motives for killing Gertrude Heisler: Her husband who would finally be freed from a marriage that never was a marriage. And her daughter. Years and years of resentment could have welled up inside Emily and overflowed. Emily Heisler wouldn't be the first person in history to keep such hatred bottled up, then years later let it all out in violence." 
"I wonder about the terms of Gertrude Heisler's will. With the company about to be sold, along with the money his wife already had, Francis Heisler could be on the verge of becoming a very wealthy, as well as a very free, man." 
They had just come through the front door of Pat's house when there was heavy pounding at the kitchen door. Demey's voice could be heard and a moment later he appeared in the living room where Pat and Phillis were standing. 
"The Heislers' maid, Sarah, is in the kitchen and wants to talk to you," Demey told Pat. 
Pat headed toward the rear of the house. "Hello, Sarah," he said as he entered the kitchen. 
"Oh, Mr. Montgomary, I'm sorry to bother you like this." She was in a noticeably agitated state. Her round face was contorted with anxiety. She was wringing her hands. 
"What's wrong, Sarah?" 
"It's Mr. Heisler. He's... he's...." 
"Did something happen to him?" 
"Oh, no... Not really. It's Miss Emily. She's missing and...." 
"Missing?" 
"She's gone, and Mr. Heisler, he just sits in the living room, staring like his soul's gone and left his body." Sarah looked pleadingly from Pat to Phillis, who was standing behind him. 
"What would you like us to do?" Phillis asked. 
"I was... I was thinking, if you, Mr. Montgomary... if you... Oh dear, I don't know what I was thinking. I shouldn't bother you like this. It's not...." 
"Would you like us to come over and see him?" Pat asked her. 
"Oh, if you could? I didn't tell him I was coming here, but he shouldn't be left alone, not in the state he's in." 
"Lead the way, Sarah." Pat motioned toward the garden door. "We'll be right behind you." 
The three of them went out through the garden, then through the connecting gate and into the Heislers' kitchen. Sarah went directly to the front living room. 
Francis Heisler was seated there, staring across the room, seemingly unconscious of their presence as they entered. Pat spoke to him. He looked up at Pat, but there was no sign of recognition on his face. Pat stepped closer and placed a hand on his neighbor's shoulder. 
 "Mr. Heisler, it's Pat Montgomary. Are you all right?" 
"Huh? You're...." 
Pat introduced himself again. 
"Oh, yes, yes, of course. How kind of you to...." He looked first at Pat, then Phillis. "You know my daughter, Emily?" 
Pat told him he had had a conversation with his daughter the previous day, but that Phillis had never met her. 
"She's disappeared." Suddenly, he seemed ready to speak and the words came out without pause. "We had the funeral for her mother this morning. Strictly a family affair, you understand, under the circumstances. Emily seemed quite all right when I left her shortly after noontime. I had to go out for a few hours. When I got home, she wasn't here. I presumed she was out shopping or had gone to the library or was on some errand or other. We eat early when I'm home. When dinnertime came and I still hadn't heard from her, I began to worry. It's not at all like her. The house seemed so empty and I began pacing the floor, worrying something may have happened to her. Finally, I went upstairs and looked in her room. I found this." He took a small piece of paper from his shirt pocket and handed it to Pat who read it. 
 
 
Daddy, 
 
Please don't worry about me. I have found someone who loves me and promises to take care of me. I want you to be happy now that mother is gone. I took only Kodi with me. I shall think of you every time I look at him. 
.
Emily 
 
 
"Who is this Kodi?" 
Francis looked away. "Kodi is the name of her stuffed teddy bear." His face was haggard and his eyes seemed incapable of resting upon one object for more than a second or two. 
"Who is this person who will love and take care of her? Does she have a boyfriend? Was she seeing someone?" 
Francis shook his head. "No. She had no friends, not even girlfriends." 
"But you were at work most days," Pat pointed out. 
"I know, but Sarah is here all the time. She can vouch for what I say." 
"That's right, Mr. Montgomary," Sarah spoke up. "Miss Emily, she never went many places. The library, two, maybe three times a week and came home with her little arms filled with all kinds of books. Sometimes, when we needed something for the house, she would go to the store, but not often. And that's about it." 
"Then how explain the note? That note sounds to me like an elopement note." 
"Could she have gone off by herself?" Phillis asked. "What I mean is, could she have just written those things so that no one would worry about her? She said she wanted you to be happy, now that your wife was gone." 
"You mean, she only said...." Francis mumbled. 
"It is possible," Phillis went on, "that she had to get away for a few days, by herself. Maybe her mother's... death... shook her up more than anyone realized. I went through something almost as traumatic this past year." 
Francis stared at Phillis. "I can accept that, Miss Toner, but there is something wrong with that. You see, after I read this note, I looked in her closet. I'm quite positive nothing is missing. My daughter is not the kind to have many clothes. Fashions mean nothing to her. And her suitcases are still on the top shelf of that closet. Besides, her purse is still lying on the top of her dresser with money in it. Wherever she is, she has no change of clothes and no money." 
"Could she have gone to visit a relative or someone she knew?" Pat asked him. 
"We have no relatives in the city other than a sister of Gertrude's, and Emily was never fond of her aunt. As for anyone else, I'm afraid my daughter had... social... problems. So very shy, you understand." 
"Then you definitely should call the police," Pat insisted. 
"But if I do, would they do anything? I mean, doesn't a person have to be missing for a longer period of time before the police will...?" 
"Even so," Pat interrupted him, "in light of your wife's death, I think Detective Sylvester ought to be notified of your daughter's absence." 
"Surely, you're not implying...." Francis tried to protest. 
"I'm not implying anything, Mr. Heisler. But I am saying that it sounds to me as though Emily should be found, and found as soon as possible. Why don't you call Detective Sylvester right now?" 
Francis stared bewildered at Pat, then at Phillis. She nodded. 
"If you think I should." He got up and walked over to the telephone. 
Sylvester was prompt to respond to Francis' telephone call. Within the quarter hour, he drove up outside the Heisler property and was admitted. 
"Mr. Montgomary and Miss Toner were kind enough to stay with me," Francis Heisler explained to the policeman as he came into the living room and seemed surprised to find Pat and Phillis there. 
Detective Sylvester asked to see Emily's note, asked if that was her handwriting, and was shown to her bedroom. Pat and Phillis discretely remained behind, downstairs. When Heisler and Sylvester returned to the living room, Pat addressed the former. 
"Unless you need us for anything else," Pat said, "Phillis and I will be leaving." 
Outside, as they walked through the adjacent gardens and entered Pat's kitchen, Phillis asked what was the urgency for them to leave so abruptly. 
"Because there's nothing else either you or I can do there except hold Francis Heisler's hand, and I'm not in the mood to do that. There is something we can do, though. We can start looking for Emily Heisler or at least put our thinking caps on and try to come up with a few logical explanations of her whereabouts." 
"Won't the police do that?" 
"Maybe, but I wouldn't rely solely on them. The sooner it's started, the better. I'm worried. I don't mind telling you I think Emily Heisler is looking for trouble. I hope she hasn't found it. Or it hasn't found her." 
 
Chapter XIV
 
"Where do you suggest we begin to look for a thirty-year old woman roaming the streets with her teddy bear?" Phillis asked, after they were seated in Pat's living room. 
"I don't think she's roaming the streets," Pat answered her. 
"Oh, then where?" 
"I think she's someplace." 
"Everything is someplace." 
"I shall tell you where I think Emily Heisler is. I stress the word think , because it's nothing more than a feeling--a hunch I have. I think she went someplace with someone, someone who said he loved her and promised to take care of her, just as her note said. I hate to think of the motives such a person might have." 
"For her money?" Phillis suggested. "She'll probably come into some money with her mother's death." 
"I only hope that's the reason behind it. I hope I'm wrong and that she went off alone. It is possible. In many ways, Emily is still a very small child. Witness her taking her stuffed bear along for company and protection. Children have hiding places. Many have actual places or at least can find a place when they want to. The first--and probably the most logical--place is one I wish I had thought of before we called Sylvester. If I had, we could have looked there. The basement of the Heisler house." As he finished speaking, he was in the process of dialing Francis Heisler's telephone number. When he got an answer, he told Francis of his idea that Emily might be right beneath them in the basement. 
"Detective Sylvester already thought of that," Francis told him. "One of his uniformed police searched the basement. She's not there." 
Pat hung up. "Well, so much for that brilliant idea. I should have known that if I thought of it, even if a bit late, the police would have, too." 
"I do hope nothing's happened to her," Phillis said. "Two tragedies in the same family." 
Pat quickly picked up the telephone again and pressed the redial button. Francis answered. 
"Is Detective Sylvester there?" Pat asked. 
He was. 
"We've been here talking and the idea occurred to us that possibly Emily Heisler went into the Rhynn house," Pat told the policeman. "It was by someone in that house that her mother was killed. Yes. Yes, I do. Right." He replaced the receiver. "Sylvester agrees. I'm going there with him." 
" We are going there," Phillis corrected him. She followed him to the kitchen and out the back door. 
As they stepped thought the gate and into the alley, they were met by Detective Sylvester. 
Pat sorted through a ring of keys until he found the right one, then proceeded to unlock the gate in the garden wall of the Rhynn property. Sylvester, Phillis, Francis Heisler, and a uniformed officer followed Pat as he unlocked the back door and went into the utility room, then the kitchen. It was dusk, with barely enough light for them to see. They went through the kitchen, then walked through the downstairs rooms, and headed up the staircase leading to the second floor. Francis was calling out his daughter's name. Phillis clung to Pat's arm. 
On the second floor, the party broke up and each person went into one of the rooms on that floor. They were empty. Sylvester led the way to the third floor. The rooms opening off the hallway on that floor were also empty. They reached the large bedroom at the rear of the house--the room which directly faced Pat's house, the room which they knew had been used by the one who shot Emily's mother and the same person who had been watching Phillis' apartment. 
"She's not here," Pat said. "Sorry. Thought it possible she might have come here, seeing that...." He did not finish what he was thinking. 
"We should investigate the basement," Sylvester said, and turned toward the doorway. When they reached the first floor, he took the uniformed policeman aside and told him to stay in the living room and search under the sheet-covered furniture. 
There was less light in the basement. What little of it there was came through two small windows at ceiling height. At the foot of the stairs, the party stopped and looked about them. In a corner ahead of them was a gas furnace, a water heater, and a clothes washer and dryer, separated from the rest of the basement by a partial wall. They could see that the remainder of the lower level had a tile floor; in the center was a pool table. Around the walls were chairs, a television, and a wet bar with shelves loaded with liquor bottles. The entire basement was one large playroom. Again, Pat shook his head. 
"It's no use, I guess," Pat said. "I am sorry, Mr. Heisler. I thought we might be able to find your daughter." 
"I know," Francis said. "I appreciate your concern and your trying. Well?" he asked Sylvester. 
"We'll get a description of her on the streets as soon as possible." 
Outside once more, Sylvester and Francis Heisler went back to the latter's house to get a photograph of the missing Emily. Pat and Phillis crossed over to his garden. 
"I feel like staying out for a while," Pat said. "Like a drink?" 
She nodded. He went inside and came out shortly with two glasses. Demey was not to be found. They sat for a while in silence. Phillis was the first to break that silence. 
"You're upset not finding Emily." 
"I never really knew her. Said hello to her once or twice, then yesterday morning she came into my kitchen and we spoke for a while. The best way to describe her, I think, is to say she's like a lost, hungry sparrow in the middle of winter, helpless, defenseless, grateful for any crumb. And like many animals when they become confused, she may have done the senseless thing: run away from the only real safety she has, her own home." 
The first stars were beginning to appear in the early evening sky. A couple of fireflies were flashing their lights on and off as dusk gave way to night. 
After they sat in silence for a while, Phillis said, "Pat, I've been thinking about something in Emily's note. She said, 'I shall think of you every time I look at him.' My first thought was that she meant she'd remember her father every time she looked at Kodi. But maybe Emily wasn't talking about her teddy bear. Suppose she meant the man who was taking her away, or at least convinced her to go away." 
"And you know who that could be, don't you? What if the one she said loves her is the same one who killed her mother? I think that same fear has been in the back of my head, but I didn't want to admit it. Emily's mind rambles, I'm sure, just the way her speech does. From the conversation I had with her the other morning, you can tell her mind wanders, jumps around. It's logical, I suppose, that she writes the same way. I also thought she meant she'd remember when she looked at Kodi, but you could be right about her meaning when she looks at a person and that person may have lured her someplace. Maybe to kill her. Pray Sylvester finds her--and finds her before it's too late." 
"That's the second note in the past two days." 
"Huh?" 
"First, the note Sunday evening, the one that was supposed to be from Carl, but wasn't. Now this one from Emily." 
"And isn't?" 
"I didn't say that. Her father told Sylvester it was Emily's handwriting, but when one is in an emotional state, one's judgment isn't always quite what it should be. Besides, do we really know the handwriting of those who are closest to us? I mean, how often does someone we live with write to us? Heisler could be right and it could be his daughter's handwriting, but just the same...." 
"There's another possibility, you know." 
"I know. We have only Heisler's word that it's his daughter's handwriting. Maybe he wrote it himself?" 
Pat struck a match and lit a candle encased in glass on the table next to him. 
"By the way," she asked, "what did you do with that note that was supposedly written by Carl?" 
"The note? Oh, sorry. Must still be in my dressing gown. I meant to give it to Captain Sylvester. Remind me." 
"It's very peaceful here," she said after a while. "I shall be sorry to leave it, in spite of the unpleasantness of the past few days. Don't get me wrong; I am looking for an apartment. I'll call some more real estate offices in the morning. You should be very fond of this house." 
"I am. I think I fell in love with it the first time I saw it, but what sold me on it was this garden. I sometimes imagine I'm in an old-world monastery when I'm out here. We don't get any of the traffic noises that are in the front of the house." 
"It must be nice for entertaining." 
"It is. Funny thing about a garden like this." 
"What is?" 
"This is the perfect place to have all your friends. It breaks down inhibitions. I've seen people sitting around out here become talkative, outgoing, the same ones I bet you couldn't get to open up when sitting in someone's parlor. But out here.... Must have something to do with our primitive instincts, sitting out in the open, around an open fire--even if it is only a candle--the tribe or hunting group feeling safe and protected from what lurks in the darkness outside, that unknown forest out there. And it's also the most wonderful place to be when you have to be or want to be alone. There is something about growing things in the middle of a busy city, like these few shrubs and plants, that affect us. We, too, are growing, living things and are related to these very plants. There's a distant, primeval relationship between us that we so often forget. I can think, or not think, or just be, when I'm out here." 
"Someone was telling me that Society Hill wasn't always like the way it is now. They said they can remember when it was rather run down. Awhile back, people began reclaiming these houses and rehabbing them. I understand some of these houses are pre-revolutionary, is that right?" 
"Very definitely. We're right on the Delaware River and I think much of this area was developed shortly after Old City was. At one time, many of these houses were connected to the river for purposes of smuggling--smuggling weapons, gun powder, all kinds of contraband." 
"Connected? How were they connected?" 
"Underground. Honeycombed with tunnels. A lot of houses have sub-basements under the present basements, and some of those sub-basements are connected to one another. There are tales that they're still filled with revolutionary weapons, and things like furniture. A few years back when people bought these houses dirt cheap and began redoing them, there were articles in the newspapers about them uncovering wine cellars, lower levels no one remembered were there. This area, with Independence Hall where the delegates to the convention signed the Declaration of Independence, Christ Church which still has the pew occupied by George and Martha, the first bank, the first just-about-anything, is so seeped in history, you can't walk a block without seeing several plaques of some kind telling you of an event which took place there. As long as I've lived here, I still haven't seen half of the things I would like to and should see. In fact...." 
"Pat?" Phillis interrupted his spiel for the historical society. 
"Yes?" 
"Pat, does the Rhynn house over there have a sub-basement?" 
He stared at her as he reached out and placed his drink on a table, which wasn't there. The glass fell to the ground and broke. "Oh, my God!" he exclaimed. "Yes, of course it does. Why the hell didn't I remember that?" 
"Should we tell Sylvester?" 
"I'm sure he's left and there isn't time to wait for him to get back here. No, I'm going there right away." 
Phillis stood up. "And I'm going with you." 
"You stay here and try to get him on the phone." 
"Why? If you find Emily, you can bring her back to her father's house. If she's not there, why bring Sylvester here a second time?" 
"I guess you're right. But I don't like you going back into that house." 
"I'm going just the same. You still have the keys on you? Then, let's go." 
Pat went back into the house and got his flashlight. 
"If Emily is there, then how did she get into that house? It's locked all the time, isn't it?" Phillis asked as he unlocked the Rhynns' back door. 
"I understand from one of the policemen who was here yesterday that someone broke a basement window," he told her as he opened a door in a corner of the Rhynn kitchen and started down the basement steps. 
Phillis was close behind. They reached the lower level. It was in total darkness, save for the beam from Pat's flashlight. 
"If I remember correctly, Josh Rhynn told me there's a trap door in the floor. In one of the corners. I doubt if it's under the staircase we just came down or under the water heater or washer or dryer." He directed the light to the corner behind them. There was a water pipe taking up that corner. He swung the light to a far corner. A built-in bookcase filled that one. The other far corner had a low table with a pair of matching chairs, forming a conversation grouping. 
"Let's try that one." He walked over to it, moved one of the chairs, then the table. "It should be about.... Yes, see the outline in the tiles? Let's see, yes there's a ring over here under the other chair, and if it isn't too heavy, no... no... it's...." He pulled and the trap door swung upwards with ease, revealing a set of steep steps disappearing into darkness. He cursed under his breath that there was no electricity available. 
"I'm going down a few steps and see if I can make out anything," he announced as he began the descent, the flashlight clutched in one hand as he held the sides of what was not much more than a ladder. 
"See anything?" she called after him as he descended. 
"A lot of junk in one corner and water pipes and electrical wires all over the place. Looks surprisingly dry down here." His voice took on an echo-like quality. He had reached the floor. "It's not very big, no more than fifteen by fif--" He stopped talking. 
"Pat, what is it? What's wrong?" 
She heard his footsteps as he and the small beam of light disappeared. 
"Did you find something?" 
Still, he did not answer her. 
"If you don't answer, I'm coming down," she announced and put her foot on the first rung of the ladder. She continued down until her foot felt cement under it. She turned and saw Pat ahead of her, his back to her, outlined in a halo of light from the flashlight. "Pat, what is it?" 
He turned and looked at her. In the light which dangled from his right hand and reflected off the floor, she could barely make out his face, but it was enough for her to realize something was wrong. She came closer to him. He put out a hand to stop her. 
"Don't!" 
"Why? What is it?" 
"It's Emily." 
"Is she... is she dead?" 
He nodded. "Been strangled, I think." 
Phillis pushed Pat to one side, reached down and pried the flashlight from his hand and directed its beam toward what appeared to be a pile of clothes in one corner. She bent over enough to see Emily's face. A piece of rope was tied tightly about her neck. Cradled in her arm was the worn stuffed Kodiak bear, smudged with soot. Phillis had the feeling for a fleeting second that there was a look of shame on the toy animal's face because he had failed to protect the mistress who had so trusted him. Phillis turned away. 
"We have to call Sylvester. Got your phone with you?" He put his hand on her arm. 
She shook her head. "That damned phone and I are never in the same place at the same time."
In Pat's kitchen, she fixed them each a drink while Pat called the police station and spoke to Detective Sylvester. 
"That poor soul," Phillis said, as much to herself as to Pat. 
"One thing we now know for sure," Pat said. 
Phillis didn't ask him what that one thing was. She knew what he was about to say. 
"At least whoever killed Emily certainly did not mistake her for you." 
 
Chapter XV
 
The excitement generated by Gertrude Heisler's murder was as a church social compared to what happened after her daughter's. The entire block of houses was cordoned off and anyone attempting either to enter or leave any of the houses was stopped and required to produce identification. Patrol cars blocked off vehicular traffic on Fourth, Fifth, and Cydelpan Streets. Technicians were all over the Rhynn house as though it was a mound of sugar and they were ants. Pat and Phillis were ordered by Sylvester in the strongest terms possible to remain inside Pat's house--in the living room, to be precise--to speak to no one, not to use the telephone, until he, Sylvester, returned and personally questioned them. 
"Somewhat unconstitutional, isn't it?" Phillis asked. 
"Entirely," Pat agreed. "Do you wish to tell him so?" 
"Tell me what?" Detective Captain Sylvester asked as he came into Pat's living room. Obviously not expecting an answer, he sat down on the sofa and took a notepad from his pocket. "Now, let's get down to facts--and I'm warning both of you, that's exactly what I want, facts, not fiction. First of all, what did you two do from the time I left you earlier this evening, after we left the Rhynn house?" 
Pat described how he and Phillis sat in the garden, had one drink each, talked, how the talk got around to Society Hill and the houses there and how many of them have rooms beneath their basements. "That's when I remembered Josh Rhynn once telling me that they had such a room below their basement playroom. He told me access was through a trap door in one corner of the basement. It was a few years ago. I hadn't remembered it earlier. We--Miss Toner and I--were so anxious to find Emily Heisler that we didn't wait to call you or anyone else. We went back to the Rhynn house. We found Emily's body in that lower room." 
"Were either of you out of the other's company at any time?" 
They both said they had not been. 
"You told me you both went and sat in the garden," Sylvester said. "Did one of you go into the house to make the drinks?" 
Pat admitted he had. 
"Then, weren't you alone in the house while Miss Toner was in the garden?" 
"Well, yes, but...." 
"Then you were alone for a few minutes," Sylvester said, then turned to Phillis. "You agree with everything Mr. Montgomary said?" 
She nodded. 
"It's people like the two of you who make our jobs difficult. Impossible, in fact. Your fingerprints must be all over that house out back. You lifted the trap door in the basement floor. For all we know, you probably covered the prints of the murderer, the one who strangled Miss Heisler and took her body down there. For that alone, you should be charged. Destruction of evidence is a serious crime. I'm sure you used the handrail going down to the sub-basement. There, too, more prints gone." 
"If there ever were any," Pat said. "My money's on gloves. Anyone who lured Emily Heisler to that house with the intention of murdering her, had gloves on, I'll bet." 
Sylvester's own face took on the appearance of a strangler. 
"Was she sexually attacked?" Phillis asked. 
"We won't know that for a while. Has either of you seen Francis Heisler?" 
"Not since we left you and him this evening," Pat answered. "Is he missing?" 
"He's not home. That doesn't make him missing." 
The telephone rang. 
"Am I allowed to answer my own phone?" Pat asked as he got up and walked toward it. 
Sylvester ignored Pat's sarcasm. 
Pat picked up the receiver and listened, then said, "As soon as I can, Auntie. There's been more trouble." 
"Not another murder?" Molly Montgomary asked her nephew. 
"'Fraid so. If the police let me, I'll be at your place in a little while." 
"Who?" Molly fairly shouted the word. "Who was it? Was it Miss Toner?" 
"No, Auntie, not Miss Toner." 
She sounded relieved. "Then who?" 
Pat told her about Emily. 
"Patrick, I must see you this evening. It's urgent. Can you hurry?" 
"I think so, but...." 
"Please come, Patrick. As soon as you can. And Patrick?" 
"Yes?" 
"Please come alone. It's imperative that I see you alone. Promise?" 
"I promise." He hung up, then addressed the policeman. "My Aunt Molly has just returned from a trip. Am I allowed to leave my own house?" 
Sylvester stood up. "You are not charged with anything. You're free to go anyplace you like. I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't go any distance without letting me know." He left the room and let himself out through the kitchen door. 
"Aunt Molly says she has something very important to discuss with me," Pat told Phillis. "Urgent, she called it. Will you be all right here alone?" 
"Of course. As you pointed out, the killer wasn't after me when he killed Emily. I'll be fine." 
"Don't let anyone in. In fact, don't even answer your telephone. I'll be back as soon as I can." 
Pat watched as Phillis went up the staircase to her apartment. He suddenly felt very protective. He headed toward the front door. 
Phillis felt tired. It had been a long day for her. 
 I'm just not used to murder, I guess, she said to herself as she ran the water in the tub. The pure luxury of a warm bath was all she craved at the moment. She went into her bedroom, undressed, put on a robe, and returned to the bathroom. The water felt like warm velvet against her skin. She leaned back and let it envelop her. 
"I intend to stay here until I turn into a prune," she said aloud. 
Her pleasure was soon terminated by thinking of Emily Heisler. Once more, she saw that pathetic face, chin pressed against her chest, eyes looking at nothing, her hand holding onto the bear in her arms. The bear. Phillis could see the face of that guardian who had failed, a furry face covered with grime like a child who had been eating blueberries, his eyes, too, staring at nothing. A shiver ran through her and she knew it was not because the water was cooling down. It was the realization that there was someone--probably someone not far from her at this very minute--who thought so little of human life that he could place a rope around the throat of a helpless young woman like Emily and deliberately pull and pull until all life had fled her body. 
She got up and reached for the towel. She stood in front of the mirror and began combing her hair. Where she was standing, she could see the hallway outside the bath and outside her bedroom. The house is quiet, so very quiet, she thought to herself. When Pat was home, there was always music playing on the second floor, coming from his sitting room. She wondered what his aunt wanted to see him about. 
She'd have to go to work tomorrow morning, she reminded herself. Another good reason to get to bed early. She couldn't take another day off, not if she expected to keep that job of hers. It wasn't the greatest job in the world, but at least it was hers. She straightened out the bathroom, turned off the light, walked to the other end of the floor, and went into her sitting room. 
"A half hour of reading, then it's off to bed," she cautioned herself and stretched out full-length on the sofa. The book she had been reading, which had been interrupted by the events which had taken place since Pat returned from overseas, was lying face down on the coffee table in front of her. 
She began to read. Her eyes moved over the line of printed words, reached the end, swept to the next line and repeated the process until she was three quarters of the way down the page. Then she realized she had not understood anything of what she had read. She was thinking no longer of Emily, but of Pat. Something she had told herself a moment earlier was echoing in the chambers of her memory. "...since Pat returned from overseas." The house had been so pleasant the first few weeks when she had it to herself. Then he came home, and within hours, Mrs. Heisler had been murdered in the garden of this house. And someone had been watching her, Phillis, from the house out back. It was a horrible, creepy feeling, she realized, to think that someone was spending time watching her. 
And today, Emily had been murdered. 
"That's ridiculous," she said aloud. "Pat couldn't have had anything to do with any of those things. Thank goodness he's here. I wouldn't like to be alone with Demey with these things taking place. No, he couldn't, absolutely couldn't, have had anything to do with those terrible things. He's kind, considerate, gentle, and certainly has been understanding of me. I shouldn't even think such things." She shook the traitorous thoughts out of her head and tried once more to read the same page. 
She laid the book down in her lap and closed her eyes for a moment. "Besides, when could he have done them? He was with me all afternoon today, at Mrs. Flemmington's place, then back here and we both went to Mr. Heisler's, then through the Rhynn house and after that, we were together the whole time--well, practically the whole time--until we went back to the Rhynn house a second time. I can easily account for six or so hours. I'm being an idiot!" 
She made one more futile effort to read, but this time after only one sentence, she flung the book onto the coffee table and sat upright. "Carl doesn't think much of Pat, and he's a policeman. But, he's also jealous. Damn, I wish I knew what to think." 
The telephone rang. She looked across the room at it, where it was sitting on the table next to one of the chairs, looking so very innocent. 
It rang again. Pat had told her not to answer it. Why? Why shouldn't she? It could be Carl. She hadn't talked to him today. But shouldn't he be with Sylvester right now? 
It rang again. It could be Pat, calling to tell her what was so urgent his aunt wanted to tell him. Why should he tell her? And why before he got home? It could be Detective Sylvester. 
It rang once more. No, she decided, she did not want to talk to the police again. She got up from the sofa and walked over and looked down at the small white plastic contraption that was forcing her to make a decision. She put her hand on the receiver. 
It rang once more and she pulled her hand away. 
"I am being an out-and-out imbecile," she said and picked up the telephone. "Hello?" 
It was Carl. "Sorry, sweetheart, I know it's late. You weren't asleep, were you?" 
She told him she had been reading. 
He apologized. "We didn't get a chance to talk today, and I miss it when we can't talk. We're about to call it a day here at the station. Nothing more we can do tonight. It's been hectic. Pressures from several quarters. There's money and influence in Society Hill and some of the residents are screaming for quick results. And speaking of money, where's Montgomary?" 
"He went out. To see his aunt. Any leads yet as to who killed Emily Heisler?" 
"We know precisely who killed Mrs. Heisler and her daughter, make no mistake about that. We've known for some time now. Sylvester is not stupid. Only thing is, we don't have the evidence we need, not yet, not to hand over to the D.A.'s office. Until we do, our hands are tied." 
"Surely not her father, is it?" 
"Heisler? No, not him. Your gay friend, Montgomary." 
"That's impossible," she snapped at him. 
"Think so? Everything points to him." 
"And his motive? I'm no detective, but I've read enough mysteries to know you have to have some kind of motive." 
"There are motives. And then there are motives." 
"Brilliant observation. Just what the hell is that supposed to mean?" 
"That there are motives for money or for sex or for power or for revenge. There are those who kill to quiet a blackmailer. There are those who kill for the most difficult motive in the world to prove: because they are insane and must kill. That's where Montgomary comes in." 
"You're saying Patrick Montgomary is insane? Really now, Carl, aren't you letting your jealousy get the better of you? He's not insane. I'm positive of that." 
"You don't have all the facts, sweetheart. As we speak, authorities in France and Germany are comparing Patrick Montgomary's itinerary in those two countries with murders that took place when he was there. We know of at least two murders of women that occurred in two towns in Germany on the very days he was there. And, remember that incident of his renting a car last Thursday night? Since I spoke to you about it last, we found out he put one hundred and twenty miles on that rented car. That means he made a round-trip to someplace within a radius of about sixty miles. And guess what? In the little town of Orchardville, New York, a woman was found strangled. It happened during the night he had that car. And Orchardville is exactly fifty-six miles from New York City. We got this information no more than five minutes ago. That's why I'm calling you now, Phil. The evidence is piling up. It's only a matter of time; maybe by morning, when we'll make the arrest." 
"He couldn't have killed Emily Heisler," Phillis said, a bit proud of herself and the proof of Pat's innocence she was about to produce. "I was with him for the six hours before Emily's body was found." 
"The medical examiner's report shows she was dead anywhere from six to nine hours prior to discovery of her body. Remember that note you said was in your vestibule Sunday evening when you got home? The one that was supposed to be from me, asking you to call me no matter how late? You called me and asked what I wanted and I told you I never wrote that note?" 
"Of course I remember. What's that note got to do with all this?" 
"He wrote the note. I didn't." 
"You forget I was with him when the note was found." 
"That doesn't mean a thing, darling. Just remember what happened when you got home. Did he open the front door himself?" 
"Yes." 
"Did he walk in ahead of you?" 
"Yes." 
"So all he had to do was bend over and pretend to pick up something he already had in his hand or up his sleeve and act surprised at finding a note on the vestibule floor. I want to see that note." 
"Pat probably still has it. He meant to give it to Detective Sylvester, but forgot. Maybe he's already given it to him." 
"No, he didn't, Phil, and he never will show that note to Sylvester or me or anyone else on the force. And remember, too, that he was the one who brought coffee to Officer DiAngelo while on surveillance duty, the coffee that was drugged. What I'm about to tell you isn't going to be released to the press." Carl lowered his voice to little more than a whisper. "And it isn't very nice, either. The M.E. always examines for signs of rape. 
Emily Heisler was, sort of. Raped, I mean. But not by any normal man, if you know what I mean. No trace of semen. There was something inserted in her vagina. I haven't seen it, but I'm told it wasn't very pretty. A rolled-up porno magazine." 
There was silence as neither Phillis nor Carl spoke. She felt a chill. Finally, she broke that silence. 
"I know I should trust you when you tell me something--even something as difficult to believe as this is--but... I find it so... so... impossible to believe." 
"Then I guess that settles it, doesn't it, Phil." His hurt and bitterness were clear in his voice. "Someone you met only a few days ago, someone who is about to be arrested for a series of hideous crimes against women, him you will believe, but not me." 
"Please don't say it like that, Carl," she pleaded. "What do you want me to say, that you're right and that Pat Montgomary is a cold-blooded murderer? Just what do you expect of me?" 
"You don't have to believe me, if you don't want to, Phil, but there is one thing you should do, you must do. I feel strongly that you should. Sylvester shares my belief, too. If he were there with you right now, he'd tell you the same thing." 
"And what is that?" 
"Get out of that house. Tonight. Right away. I can be there in ten minutes or less. Get dressed. Don't pack anything. Watch for me. I won't find a parking place. When you see my car, come out, but not before. Please, do this for me, even if you don't think you're in any real danger. Get out of that house before he comes back." 
"Well...." 
"Please?" 
"I'll think about it," she said. 
She replaced the receiver and stared straight ahead across the room. She felt more confused than ever. What should she do? Go with Carl, or listen to Pat and her own good judgment and stay put? She made up her mind. She would stay in the house. It was that simple. She would tell Carl when he got here that she decided to stay put, get to bed early, and get up tomorrow morning and go to work. Having made that decision, she felt relieved, as though a great weight had been lifted off her. 
 
Chapter XVI
 
Pat managed to find a parking place two blocks from his Aunt Molly's house on Manning Street, and waited as she turned all three locks and opened the door after first looking out through the lace curtain on the window. 
"Patrick!" she exclaimed and let him lean down and kiss her. "I'm so glad you could make it. I sent Margaret to bed early. She needs her rest. Besides, I want us to be alone. Here, let me clear away these things," she said as she went into her living room and began picking up two cups and saucers. "Bertha came back here with me directly from the train station and she left only a little while ago, but not before she had her tea. Bertha can't go for very long without her tea. I'm afraid we finished the last of the applesauce cake, but I think I do have some--" 
Pat reached out and placed a hand on one of hers. "Let it wait, Auntie. I don't need anything. Now, what is it that's so important?" 
She sat down. "Of course, Patrick. I'm so very glad you came right away. There's something you and I should discuss." 
"You're right. And since this is really the first time you and I have had together since I got back from Europe, I think you owe me an explanation. It concerns that young woman you installed on my third floor. So far, I've been more than understanding. I realize it wasn't her fault. She took the place in good faith. What does bother me, Auntie, is why you did it. Why did you rent my house to a total stranger? And don't give me a lecture about my spending too much money. You hop on my expenditures, but I'm not in debt. I admit I don't put anything away for a rainy day, but then I don't need to, do I? I have more than enough for my needs and someday when... when you are no longer with me, I'll have more than I could possibly use. One other thing: I'll get the balance of my father's estate in another few months. So, I'll ask one more time, why did you do it?" 
"Oh, dear." Molly rested her elbow on the arm of her chair and her head on her hand. "Originally, I was hoping I wouldn't have to tell you so soon. First, you tell me a couple of things. What do you think of Miss Toner?" 
Patrick quickly lifted his two hands, palms facing, in a gesture of noncommittal. "She's all right, I guess." 
"Do you get along with her?" 
"Auntie, I've only known her for... what? ...four days, so what can I say? Besides, these past four days haven't been exactly what you might call normal. We've had some very unusual excitement on Spruce Street." 
"But you think she's all right?" 
 "I suppose there's nothing wrong with her." 
"For a woman?" Molly smiled and her eyes twinkled. 
"Well, if you're going to put it that way, I guess for a woman she's not bad at all." 
"Could you ever be friends?" Molly's smile and her twinkle disappeared. 
"In a way, you could say we're already friends. The killing of Mrs. Heisler and what's happened since then has sort of thrown us together quite a bit. I feel responsible for her, but that's only because she's living in my house and I wouldn't want anything to happen to her while she's there. What're you getting at, old woman? I learned a great many years ago to read your face, and when you're like this, it means there's something serious--very serious--afoot." 
"There's been another murder next door to you," Molly said, half-questioningly. 
Pat filled her in on how they learned Emily was missing, then how he and Phillis found the body. He told her, too, of someone watching his house, especially the third floor--Phillis' floor. 
"Oh, dear me," she said. "I had no idea. I never expected anything like this. No, nothing like this at all. Then, maybe it is better I tell you now what's behind it all. 
"Patrick, you lost both of your parents when you were a child. That's a terrible thing to happen to any child. It was all because of that... that terrible aeroplane your father insisted upon buying. I warned him, but he wouldn't listen. He wanted to be able to fly back and forth from the family summer house in Maine. You were scarcely ten years old, if I remember correctly, when it happened. Thank God you weren't with them. John was my only brother, and we were very close, as you know. I think that sometimes happens with siblings in families where there is money. We really didn't see much of our parents. Nursery maids and governesses practically brought us up. As a result, we felt we had only each other for family and so we became very devoted to one another. 
"Your parents were married, not to put too fine a point on it, for certain practical reasons. It was more of a business transaction, like the merger of two successful companies, rather than a marriage of love. Your mother was a sweet soul and she and your father were truly fond of each other. I don't think either one would ever have deliberately done anything to cause the other pain, but still there was no spark there, they were not in love with one another. I knew that from the beginning. A few years after they married, your father met a young woman. Her family lived in Fishtown. Needless to say, coming from such a poor section of town, she would not have been considered socially acceptable to our parents and their circle of friends. Even if John were not already married, marriage with the young woman in question would have been unthinkable as far as our parents were concerned. They were truly a throwback to the Victorian era. I felt very sorry for John. I knew the pain he was going through because I, too... Anyway, the inevitable eventually happened. The young lady became pregnant and gave birth to a child. 
"You must remember I was in on all this. John kept nothing from me. The woman's name was Jennie. John made arrangements to support her and the child--nothing formal, unfortunately. When he died, I continued to send money. I felt it was due her. From time to time there would be a telephone call. You may remember when you were in your teens I would occasionally get a call and leave the room to take it in private. You used to ask me if the call was from a boyfriend and we used to laugh about it." 
"I remember. You mean they were from this... Jennie?" 
"Precisely. Then Jennie died. I didn't tell you, of course. It was ten years ago. After Jennie died, her child disappeared, went to live with relatives. In Texas, I believe. Anyway, my letters and the money I sent to the address here in the city were returned to me. I tried a private detective, but without success. I swore someday I would find that child--and this summer, I did. Mr. Sutton-Sponge, my attorney, never really stopped helping me look for her. A couple of months ago, I got a telephone call from him telling me the child had been found." 
She leaned forward and placed her hand on Pat's. "Mr. Sutton-Sponge told me the child was back here in Philadelphia, had returned to the city a year or so ago and had been living with a sister of her mother's. He wanted to know if I wished to contact her. I told him I did not, but asked if certain discreet inquiries might not be made. They were made and it was discovered that this child, now a grown woman, was working in the city. I don't know how they go about doing such things, but it does go to show you how they can find such personal information. People talk, I suppose, and repeat the most confidential things imaginable. They found out this young woman was looking to rent an apartment near where she worked. Well, you know how expensive apartments are in your neighborhood, especially when one is living on a rather modest salary, so Mr. Sutton-Sponge placed an ad in the newspapers for me, advertising your third floor. 
"The rent was so reasonable, we got so many responses I was fairly worn out talking to people, dissuading them from taking the place, until I received a call from her. Arrangements were made for her to see your third floor, then she came to see me. I couldn't believe my eyes. She looked so much like your father I couldn't help staring at her. You've always favored your mother's side of the family. She rented your third floor, not knowing who I was." 
Pat spoke slowly. "You mean, Auntie, that Phillis is my sister?" He jumped up and began pacing the floor. "I can't believe it," he repeated several times. 
"It is true, Patrick," Molly said. "Now, do sit down, dear. There's more I want to discuss with you. You mentioned a moment ago that you'll be coming into the balance of your father's estate later this year. That money--and I understand from Mr. Sutton-Sponge that it is considerable--is yours, all of it. Since you would no doubt discover someday that you have a sister, albeit a half-sister, I want you to know right from the outset that this Miss Toner has no legal claim to your father's estate whatsoever. I have checked with Mr. Sutton-Sponge and he assures me she would have no right to that money. I think it is important that you realize this. Should you decide to tell her who she is--and the relationship you and I have to her--I want you to know that you have my blessing to let her also know she has no legal claims whatever. Do you understand what I'm saying, Patrick?" 
"What I don't understand is why you wanted us to live in the same house." Pat slowly sat down again. "Why was it important that she move into my house?" 
"Because, dear, I thought it would be nice if the two of you got to know one another before you were told who she is. Maybe that wasn't the proper thing to do, but at the time I thought it was. I thought you should know her before making the decision you're soon going to have to make concerning the family money." 
Pat jumped up a second time. Then turned around and stood directly in front of Molly. "You're suggesting, aren't you, Auntie, that I share my inheritance with someone I've only just met, someone who was never a part of this family, someone who...." 
Molly looked up at her nephew, the young boy she had brought up, the man she loved so and admired so very much as he grew into manhood. She reached up and held out a hand. He took it. 
"Oh, quite the opposite, my dear. The decision, Patrick, is entirely yours. No one else's. You and only you must decide what is the right and proper thing to do in this case." 
"You are something, you know that, don't you?" Pat almost shouted. "You're a devil in lace and lavender. Right out of... of... Oh, hell!" 
He stood with his hands in his pockets, looking out the window at Manning Street. He stood there for several minutes, then swung around, almost violently. Molly shrank back in reflex. Then she saw it, the look on his face, a look she had seen only a few other times since the day she took the young lad into her home to raise as the son she never had. That look had been on his young face the day he came home from school and was told Teddy, his dog he loved so dearly, would have to be put to sleep. That look was there the time he told her he was gay. She saw it, too, when he learned his best friend was told he had AIDS. A strange look, bringing up from the photo album of her mind the face of her only brother's wife, mixed with a combination of her own calm acceptance of life's dealings. He stared at her and she wondered desperately what he was thinking. Then it happened. That same face broke out in a smile. 
"I'll be damned!" he roared and threw his head back. "I have a sister!" 
He moved toward Molly and put his hands on her shoulders--a bit too roughly, but she didn't mind. The man who was more son than nephew was happy. He had discovered he had a sister. 
"And she knows absolutely nothing about all this?" 
Molly shook her head. "No, my dear, I told her nothing. I thought that if she is ever to know, it would be your place to do that." 
"Do you know the name of the private investigator who was used?" 
"I do believe Mr. Sutton-Sponge mentioned his name to me. It was... it was...." 
"Elias?" 
"Yes, that's it. But how did...?" 
"Not important, Auntie. And he's still in your employ? You're still having him follow Phillis?" 
"Oh, no, not at all. That was months ago. He was paid for his work and discharged. I remember distinctly Mr. Sutton-Sponge telling me so. Why?" 
"Not important. Just wondering." 
"You never just wonder for the sake of wondering any more than I do. You must have a reason." 
"He's been spying on Phillis the past few days." 
"I see." Molly seemed reflective. "I shall speak to Mr. Sutton-Sponge about it first thing in the morning. If anything unethical...." 
"I'll take care of it." He leaned over and gently kissed her on the cheek. "Thank you, Auntie. For the millionth time in my life, thank you. Now, I must go home and break the news to her." He turned and left the living room. 
A moment later, Molly Montgomary heard her front door open and close and she took a dainty lace handkerchief from her pocket and wiped her eyes. Life, she felt confident, had been so very, very good to her. 
 
Chapter XVII
 
Since she had tacitly agreed to go out to his car when he arrived, Phillis quickly put on her jeans and an old sweater and headed for the first floor. As she went down the staircase, she was conscious of footsteps behind her. She turned around abruptly. 
"Oh, it's you." 
"Yes, Miss Toner," Demey said. 
"I didn't hear you come in." 
"I arrived a little while ago." 
"Then you heard what happened?" 
"When I got here, I saw more police. One of them stopped me as I was about to enter this house. He told me what had happened." 
"Terrible." 
"Yes, Miss, it is terrible. She was young, I understand. About your age." 
"Thirty, I think." 
They had reached the first floor. Phillis moved as though headed for the front door. 
"You're not planning on going out, are you? It's dark and, well...." 
"Sergeant Wilhelm is coming here. He wants me to go with him, but I've decided to stay here and get a good night's sleep. I have to go to work in the morning." 
"Very intelligent decision, if I do say so. Why don't you go back upstairs? I can give him your message when he gets here." 
She assured him that wouldn't be necessary. 
"Is Mr. Montgomary home?" 
She told him he had gone to see his Aunt Molly. 
"Then there are only the two of us here this evening?" 
She felt a chill. What was there about Demey, she asked herself, that intimidated her so much. It wasn't his voice. That was not deep. Raspy, almost a whiskey voice. The eyes? No, they were hard, granted, but not threatening. His carriage? He walked and carried himself more like a woman than a man. She knew. It was simple. It wasn't how he said things. It was the things he said. She looked back over the past few days and realized that Demey had not said anything openly unkind, but had always said--or at least implied--things that held a heavily veiled threat, like his last statement about only the two of them being alone in that big house. 
"Mr. Montgomary will be home very soon," she told the housekeeper, hoping that would put her own mind at ease. It didn't. Because she had no idea at all when Pat would be back, her saying he would return soon did not help her feel any safer. 
"I was told Emily Heisler was strangled," Demey said, going back to that subject. "A horrible death. I once saw someone, a young woman, strangled. She was black in the face, her features twisted, her tongue sticking out. It made me ill. Afterwards. Not when I saw her, but afterwards. When I remembered what she had looked like." 
Phillis moved toward the door leading to the front vestibule. Demey moved closer to her. She reached behind her and turned the doorknob. 
"I had heard a rumor, Miss Toner," Demey went on, "that whoever killed Mrs. Heisler had mistaken her for you, that you were both dressed alike. I do so hope that was false." He was now breathing heavily. "I would hate to think that was so. And Miss Emily, as I said, she was about your age. Do you think whoever strangled her thought he was strangling you? A horrible, horrible thought, isn't it? That's why I don't think you should go out this evening. You should stay home. I'll be here to protect you." 
A horn blew outside. 
"That's Carl." She threw open the vestibule door, then the front door, and ran down the outside steps. She hurried over to the car. Carl had opened the passenger's door. 
"C'mon, let's go." He reached out for her hand. 
She pulled back. "No, I've decided to remain here. Besides, I have to go to work in the morning." 
"I see." His bitterness was apparent. 
"I don't think you do. It's that...." 
"It's that you've fallen for this guy, that's what it is. I won't try to fight you on that point, but I still insist you're in danger in this house. Even Sylvester says you are." 
"He does?" 
"He does. And I promised him I'd get you to leave this place. Fool that I am, I thought you'd leave if I asked you to." 
"Pat asked me not to leave the house until he got back." 
"And you do everything he tells you to do?" 
"It's nothing like that at all. Only...." 
"Only, if you love me the way you say you do then you'd go with me, get out of this house this very minute--come with me where you'll be safe." 
She had resolved to get to bed and get up for work the next morning. She was determined not to weaken, no matter how Carl pleaded, no matter how Demey threatened. Besides, she told herself, Demey's danger was solely in her own overworked imagination. She would lock her bedroom door again tonight and she'd be perfectly safe. 
 
Chapter XVIII
 
Pat slammed on his brakes, and leaving his car with its tail sticking out into the street, ran up the front steps of his house. There was only one thought on his mind. He walked slowly through the downstairs hall and began climbing the steps to the second floor, quietly, deliberately. He stopped at the foot of the flight leading to Phillis' floor and called out her name. No answer. Maybe she's in the bathroom or the back of the house. He went part way up the stairs and called again. Still no answer. He continued to the third floor, and from the head of the stairs could see her bathroom door open. So, too, were the doors of the other rooms on the floor. This time, he shouted her name. No response. 
"She's got to be here," he mumbled, and turned and retraced his steps hurriedly to the first floor. He checked the dining room and kitchen. No Phillis. The kitchen door leading to the garden was bolted on the inside. She couldn't be out there. Only one place left to look: the basement, although why she'd be down there, he couldn't say. She was not down there. 
"Now's the time to worry," he said to himself. "Where the hell can she be?" He had told her not to let anyone into the house. Certainly she wouldn't have gone out knowing there was a killer on the loose nearby. If she did go someplace, then did she go by force? Did someone convince her it was better for her to leave this house? His house? He was getting angry. No one had that right to take her away from him, not tonight. There was something he had to take care of, and no one, absolutely no one, was going to deprive him of that pleasure. 
He thought he heard a sound at the front of the house. He hurried to the living room. No, it must have been his imagination. He walked over to the staircase and stood there for a moment, his hand resting on the newel post. Lost in thought, he glanced upwards. What was that? Could it be? Yes, it was. 
"Demey, is that you up there?" Pat shouted. He heard footsteps coming down. 
"Yes, it is I." 
Pat was angry and his voice showed it. "Didn't you hear me come in?" he demanded to know. "Didn't you hear me calling for Miss Toner?" 
"Sorry, Mr. Montgomary. I was in my room with the door shut." 
"Do you know where Miss Toner is?" Pat reached out and attempted to grab Demey by the shoulders to shake him. The latter backed away. 
"Thank goodness you're home, Mr. Montgomary. I was so worried. Yes, I know where Miss Toner is and where she went." 
"Where, Demey? Where did she go?" 
"She drove off with that young sergeant she's in love with." 
"Sergeant Wilhelm?" 
"I think that's his name." 
"But why? I thought she had agreed not to leave this house this evening." 
"Heaven knows. I tried to keep her from going out, Mr. Montgomary. Believe me, I tried, very hard, but she was determined to leave with the young man. Young women at that age can be stubborn. Sometimes, there's no reasoning with them, I find." 
"Did she say why she was going with him? Where were they going? When she'd be back?" 
"She did not confide in me." Demey raised his eyebrows. "As to why, where, or when, that is something you'll have to ask her when you see her. I did my part, trying very hard to make her stay here." 
Pat ran back out to the kitchen. He picked up the telephone on the kitchen wall and dialed the police station. He was told Detective Sylvester had just left for the day. He asked for his home telephone number and was told it could not be given out. He asked for Carl. After much transferring of calls, he was told that Sergeant Carl Wilhelm, too, had left for the day, and no, his home telephone number was not available. He went to the telephone book and found thirty-seven Sylvesters and twenty-one Wilhelms listed in the Philadelphia directory. He closed the book in disgust. Why the hell did she go out? And where? It was getting late. Was there someone else who would know? He stopped pacing. Was there still a police officer out back in the alley? The one stationed had been removed yesterday, but since Emily Heisler's murder, maybe.... 
He hurried out the back, through the garden, unlocked the gate and looked in both directions. No police car. "Damn!" he mumbled. He went back into the house. Demey was standing in the kitchen. 
"Looking for the cop who's been out there?" Demey asked. 
Pat told him he was. 
"I was told they put him on duty out there earlier, after Miss Heisler's body was found, but they had to pull him off. Something about a shortage of men." 
"Who told you that?" 
"Officer Ciciak. Roman Ciciak. He was the one who told me about Miss Emily's murder. He also told me half his life history, and believe me, it's a dull one. But if you want to talk to him, he has orders to ride through the alley every twenty minutes or so to keep an eye on the place. He's about due anytime now. Would you like me...?" 
"If you would. Speak to him. Try to get Detective Sylvester's home phone numbers. Tell him it's important. No, tell him it's vitally urgent that I speak to Detective Sylvester. If you can't get his number, see if you can get Sergeant Wilhelm's." 
As soon as Demey went out the back door to wait for Officer Ciciak, Pat went to the front door and looked out. The street was deserted. No one he could ask. The idea occurred to him that maybe Mr. Heisler might know, presuming the latter was now home. But would he dare ask? The man must be grief-stricken, probably incoherent, at the death of his daughter. 
"I'm sorry if he is," Pat mumbled to himself, "but I've got to find Phil." 
He went next door and rang the front doorbell and waited. It was more than a minute before he heard a sound in the vestibule on the other side of the Heisler door. A chain rattled and a bolt moved. The door opened. It was Sarah. 
"I'm sorry to bother you, Sarah, but is Mr. Heisler home?" 
Sarah moved aside and made a gesture for him to enter. Her eyes were red and swollen from crying. "He came home a little while ago, Mr. Montgomary," she answered. "But I'm afraid he's not... not able to...." 
"I must speak to him. Miss Toner is sort of missing, too." 
Sarah let out a scream. "Oh, no. Oh, merciful God." 
Francis Heisler appeared behind Sarah. 
"I'm trying to find out if anyone saw Miss Toner leave earlier," Pat told him over the housekeeper's shoulders. 
Francis Heisler, looking more his age than he ever had before, stared uncomprehendingly at Pat. "Miss Toner?" he parroted. 
"Yes. Miss Toner. You remember she was here today with me. She's gone and I want...." He did not finish his sentence. 
Francis shook his head. "She's not here. I haven't seen her, but.... Sarah, have you seen the young lady? They're so difficult to keep tabs on, aren't they? Young girls, I mean, always getting into trouble." 
"I heard someone leave your house," Sarah said to Pat. "I heard a car out front, then your front door open and close--you can hear through these walls--and the car drive away." 
"Did you see who was in the car? What the car looked like?" 
Sarah shook her head. "Sorry, Mr. Montgomary. I didn't look out. As I said, I heard your front door open and shut, then a car door open and shut, but who it was or what the car looked like, sorry I can't help you none." 
Pat nodded. "Are you sure she rode off in that car? I mean, did you hear her come back into the house?" 
"I did hear someone in your house after that, but I thought it was your housekeeper." 
"How long ago was this?" 
Sarah thought. "About an hour ago, I suspect, but I've always been bad about times, Mr. Montgomary." 
"Emily always liked to go for a ride," Francis Heisler said to the air. "In the country especially and I was always promising to take her, but too busy, you understand. Too busy to take her. She won't...." 
"Mr. Heisler, please try to get some rest," Pat said to his neighbor. He thanked Sarah and turned to leave. At least Sarah had confirmed what Demey had told him. He stopped with one foot on his front step. He wondered about something he had just done and why had he done it. Instead of taking Demey's word for it, he, Patrick Montgomary, had gone to his neighbor's house seeking confirmation. Did that mean he did not believe Demey? That he did not trust Demey? Come to think of it, why was Demey standing at the top of the staircase on the fourth floor while Pat was searching for Phillis? Surely, he must have heard Pat calling out her name. 
Maybe he'd find something upstairs in her rooms. An address book or a telephone number might help. He went upstairs to her sitting room. There was a book lying on the coffee table. Otherwise, everything seemed perfectly in order. He wandered down the hall to the bath, which seemed so different with her living here, so different from his own. Why is it, he wondered, in order not to wonder about what he refused to let himself wonder about, that girls' bathrooms are always so different from boys'? 
He went into her bedroom. A robe had been thrown and landed in a pile on the bed. One drawer of the dresser was only partially shut and a closet door stood open. This room was not neat, not like the other rooms. She must have left in a hurry, he concluded. Why in a hurry? What was so important to her that she had to rush out of the house? On the edge of the dresser were several letters, which he picked up and leafed through. There was an address book. He fanned the pages, most of which were blank. He hoped he'd find Carl's name. He didn't. He turned off the light and left the room. 
As he stood in the hall, he experienced a strangely familiar sensation. He had felt the same thing a couple of nights before. Only that time, he wasn't up here on the third floor, was he? No, he was on the second floor of his house, standing at the French doors leading out to the sundeck. That time, something had caught his eye. He thought he saw the same thing this time. He stepped back into her bedroom, but did not flick on the light switch. Keeping in the shadow, out of the light from the hall, he went over to the window. There was a moon tonight, flooding everything with a natural light that, as his eyes became accustomed to looking out at the house behind his, seemed unnatural. Someone was standing at the window in the Rhynn house, watching this room where he now stood. Suddenly, he felt like a new guppy in an old tank, being watched to see his reaction to the new sand, the new miniature castle, the plastic greens swaying in the current. In his own house, he was now under the observing eye of a Cyclops. He held his breath, lest someone know exactly where he was standing. He couldn't take his eyes away from the form that was silhouetted in the wooden frame of a window across the way. The silly idea invaded his mind that if he could draw a pitchfork on the windowpanes, he could have half a Grant Wood painting. 
He wanted to leave the room, but did not want whoever it was who was watching him to know he had left. He got down on the floor. He was sure that if he crawled to the hallway, the bed would block the observer's view of the floor and he could make it to the other side of the doorway without being seen. It was worth the try. He got down, and doing an imitation of an Indian he had seen in so many movies as a youngster, he began his snake-like squirm through the underbrush of carpeting to the safety of the hall. Once there, he straightened up and headed quickly for the lower floors. 
While Pat was upstairs on the third floor in Phillis' rooms, looking for anything that might help him find her, Demey was standing at the back gate in the garden. He wasn't there long when a police car drove up the alley. It was Officer Ciciak who stopped his car when he saw Demey. 
"Anything wrong?" the policeman asked. 
Demey smiled. "No, just out here getting a breath of fresh air." 
"Everything all right inside?" Ciciak asked. "Everyone home and accounted for?" 
"My, yes," Demey said. "All tucked safely in their beds. And that's where I am going in just a few minutes." 
Without further comment, Officer Ciciak stepped on the gas and drove to the other end of the alley and turned onto Fourth Street. 
Demey stayed outside for a few more minutes, then went inside. He heard footsteps in the downstairs hall, then the front door open and slam shut. He hurried to the front of the house in time to see Pat go down the steps to the sidewalk and turn right. 
Smiling to himself, Demey headed toward his rooms on the top floor. 
 
*****
 
Phillis had always prided herself on her strong will. Once resolved, nothing could shake that resolve. Yet, as she stood in the middle of the street at the open door of Carl's car, bending over to talk to him, she was beginning to see that resolve melt. "Maybe," she said. She turned her head slightly. Through one of the curtains on the front windows of Pat's house, she could see a large shadow. She knew it was Demey. She remembered how he sounded, what he had just said to her. She didn't want to go back into that house. 
"Please?" Carl spoke only the one word. 
She got into the car and Carl reached over and closed her door. She had to admit to herself that she already felt safe for the first time in several days. Carl--big, strong, masculine Carl. She knew, without seeing it or having to ask, that he had his revolver under the sport jacket he was wearing. He reached out and squeezed her hand. 
"Where are we going?" 
"Someplace where I can prove to you once and for all that your Mr. Montgomary is not what you think he is. We're going to get a chance to see him in action." 
Carl drove to the corner of the block and turned onto Fourth Street. He next turned and went up Cydelpan Street. There was a space between two cars in which was sitting a trash can. He stopped alongside the can, got out, and put it up on the sidewalk. He got back in the car and parked it in the now empty space. 
"Very clever of you," Phillis said as he turned off the ignition and the lights. 
"You can't get a parking space in this block." He opened his glove compartment and took out a pair of binoculars. 
"It was also the shortest ride I think I've ever had," she said as he opened the car door for her. "I don't suppose by any chance we're going in there?" She stepped out of the car and looked up at the Rhynn house. 
"That's the place." He took her by the arm, and walked briskly, a little too fast for her. 
"I don't think I've ever seen so many people coming from and going into a supposedly unoccupied house before," she said as she followed him through the alley between the houses. "By the way, how are we getting in?" 
"Stay here. I'll be with you in a minute." With those words, Carl reached down and pushed open a basement window. Remarkably for his size, he disappeared in a matter of seconds. 
Phillis found herself alone in the dark alley. "Now what have I got myself into?" she asked the night air. "Maybe I should have--" 
Someone was opening the gate. Carl's voice spoke to her in a whisper. "Have it open in a second." He did and held it open for her to enter. He led the way into the house. 
"Even if you are a policeman, this is still illegal, you know." 
He smiled. "So arrest me. But seriously, love, this is no joke. There's a killer walking these streets, and if I have to, I'll break into Independence Hall, if that means catching him. Let's go upstairs." 
She followed him--or to be more exact, she followed the pinpoint of light coming from his pocket flashlight playing on the stairs--to the third floor. He went directly to the rear window and focused his binoculars on Pat's house. 
"You told me he went to see some relative?" 
"His Aunt Molly. The woman I rented his third floor from." 
"Well, he's not home yet. Sit down and make yourself comfortable. If he told you the truth, then maybe he won't be long. You rest, sweetheart. I'll let you know as soon as there are signs of life over there." 
"I still don't know what you expect to prove by all this." She was sitting on the edge of the bed. This was all wrong, she told herself, being here in this stranger's bedroom, her sitting on a stranger's bed, waiting for Pat to return so they could spy on him. 
Phillis thought time was dragging unbearably slowly. So slowly, she got up, paced to the window where she stood next to Carl, to the hallway, then back to the bed. She did this several times. 
"Hold it!" Carl said excitedly. "I think... yes, he's home. He just came out into his garden. Opening the back gate. Looking up and down the alley, probably checking to see if the coast is clear, if there's a squad car in the alley. Going back into his house." 
In spite of what she was feeling about the impropriety of what they were doing, she got up and walked over to the window. The fascination of spying with immunity was too much for her to resist. 
"See?" Carl directed Phillis' attention to the garden below. "Your Mr. Montgomary is coming back out. No, I'm wrong. It's that effeminate houseboy of his, what's-his-name." 
"Demey." 
"And here comes Officer Ciciak. The car's stopped. He's talking to Ciciak. Wonder what that's all about?" After a while, Carl said, "He's going back inside." He turned to Phillis. "Let's wait a little while longer and see what your Mr. Montgomary does next." He placed his arms around her shoulders." At least you're here with me, where you're safe. Aren't you glad you're not still in that house with that madman?" 
She did not answer. 
"There, a light just went on. The third-floor hall," Carl said as he took his arm away from her shoulders and now held the binoculars with both hands. "I see a shadow. Lights in the front of the house up there. I think... yes, see? Stay to one side so he won't see you."
She could see the pair of lamps on her dresser go on. She watched as Pat stood in her bedroom doorway for a moment, then walked into the room. He went over to the dresser. She couldn't believe her eyes. He was picking up her mail and looking at it. And her address book. How dare he! 
"Seen enough, darling?" Carl asked. "Or would you rather wait and see him try on some of your dresses?" 
She turned away from the window. "I wish I hadn't come here. Let's go someplace, anyplace, but not stay here." 
"In a couple of minutes. He put out the lights in your bedroom. I want to see, if I can, what he does next." 
Carl stayed at the window as Phillis stood in the doorway to this bedroom in the Rhynn house for several minutes. Twice she asked him to take her out of there. Each time, he asked her to be a little patient. She tried to be patient, but she saw no merit in such a suggestion. 
"If you're not leaving, then I am, even if I have to find my way in the dark." She turned away from him and stepped out into the hall and into the darkness she thought was so heavy she could feel it pressing against her. She felt her way along the third-floor hall, staying close to the wall, then stopped as she reached the top of the stairs and listened. Something had caught her attention. She backed away, turned, and ran blindly to the bedroom she had just left. She could see Carl at the window silhouetted against the moonlight. She rushed over to him and grabbed his arm. 
"Darling, you're trembling," he said and took her hand in his. 
"Carl, there's someone downstairs," she said. She couldn't stop shaking. "Whoever it is, is coming up here." 
 
Chapter XIX
  
Phillis and Carl stood with their backs to the window, facing the bedroom doorway, listening to the footsteps getting louder and coming toward them. She could feel his arms tight around her, his chest heaving with heavy breathing. She couldn't stop shaking.
 
"Don't say a word," Carl whispered in her ear. "Get behind me." He moved away from the window a couple of feet toward the center of the room. 
The sound was now on the third floor. Their eyes were accustomed to the darkness and they could make out a human form behind the light of a flashlight in the hallway walking toward the room in which they stood. Phillis sensed Carl reach inside his jacket and she knew he was taking out his gun. 
The figure came to the bedroom doorway and stopped. Moonlight fell on his face. 
"It's Pat," Phillis gasped. 
"So it is," Carl agreed. "Don't come into the room any more, Mr. Montgomary. Just stay where you are." 
"Phillis, are you all right?" Pat asked. "Why did you leave the house and what are you doing here? I saw someone at the window here and I came over to investigate. I thought it was our Peeping Tom. I didn't expect to see you here. Or Sergeant Wilhelm, for that matter." 
"We were watching you, too," Carl said. "I wondered how long it would take for you to come here. I was telling Phil all about you." 
"Oh? And what's that supposed to mean?" 
"That we are onto you," Carl answered. "Even as we speak, the authorities in at least two countries are tying you to crimes committed there recently. And in New York State, the woman who was killed in Orchardville." 
"What the hell are you talking about? Have you gone completely insane? I sincerely hope you haven't believed any of this... this garbage, Phillis. I think he's lost his mind." 
"It's not I, Mr. Montgomary, who has lost his mind," Carl corrected him. "It is you. A long time ago. It's unfortunate we did not catch up with you long before this. Maybe now we'll clear up some other crimes committed in this city, now that we have you." 
"Phillis, I swear I don't know what he's talking about. Can you make out his rantings?"
"He is convinced you killed Mrs. Heisler and Emily," she answered. 
"And do you also believe that?" 
"I... I don't know what to believe. I'm so confused." 
Pat took a step into the room. Carl waved him back with the gun. 
"Have I treated you like a killer?" Pat asked her. "Since I came home and found you in my house, have I been anything but considerate?" 
"No... no...." 
"Don't listen to him," Carl snapped at her. "That's what those other women did. They listened to his sweet talk. He gets on their good side and kills them. Tell us, Mr. Montgomary, how did you lure Emily Heisler to this house? She must have trusted you, came here because you convinced her it was for her own good, promised her something, right? What did you promise her? She was a lonely, pathetic thing. Did you offer her love? Companionship? Did you dangle before her even the prospect of marriage? That's what you do with some of your women, don't you? And other times it's so convenient, isn't it, to pose as a homosexual. Harmless that way--at least that's what older women think. Other men like you have to sleep with old, disgusting, dried up middle-aged women in order to romance them, but not you. You let them mother you, let them think they can help you with your problem of being a homosexual, or appeal to their sense of adventure, trying something different. You've got it all laid out so neatly; then when they least expect it, you kill them. Other faggots are content just to hate all women, but not you. You have to work out your hatred, you have to kill the things you hate." 
Phillis had not taken her eyes off Pat all the time he had been standing in the doorway. She felt sorry for him, then reminded herself that was precisely what Carl was saying, that Pat Montgomary got women to feel such emotions: pity, maternal care, the desire to reach out to him. Then he would take advantage of their kindness. 
"Now, move over there," Carl said to Pat and pointed again with his gun, this time toward the dresser against the wall to his and Phillis' right. "Stand right there. Now, throw that flashlight you have in your hand on the bed. Phillis, I don't suppose you have your phone?"
She shook her head.
"Go back to his house and call Sylvester." He told her his superior's home telephone number. "Tell him I've caught the killer. I know he'll want to bring him in himself. Go ahead, pick up that flashlight."
"Can't you call?" she asked.
"I have something much more pressing. Go ahead, please."
Phillis grabbed the flashlight, all the while keeping an eye on Pat,  and started to walk toward the door, then stopped. "But, isn't there a policeman on duty in the back alley?" she asked Carl.
"There was. But we couldn't spare him any longer. Needed him for other duty. Hurry, and if you still think this suave gentleman is so great, you better pray he doesn't do anything stupid, like trying to make a run for it, because there's nothing I'd enjoy better tonight than to put a pound of lead into this pervert's guts. One move, Mr. Gay, and it'll be all over for you. Now, please get going, Phillis." 
She left the room and raced down the hallway to the stairs and took them as fast as she could, the beam from Pat's flashlight bobbing up and down in front of her on the carpeted steps. As she reached the last few steps before the first floor, she began to change her pace, moving as if in slow motion. She came to a stop as she entered the living room. She felt faint. Maybe, she thought, it was from running so fast. She swung the light in an arc around the room. The sheet-draped figures stood their ground and did not retreat from her. Would they attack? she wondered. Why was her head spinning so rapidly? She leaned against the archway between the living room and the short hall connecting with the dining room. Something, a sort of faint voice, was trying hard to tell her something. If only she could hear it. 
She continued now to walk toward the dining room, knowing only that she had to get help, had to contact Detective Sylvester. Carl had told her to do that and she had to do what Carl told her to do. She bumped into the table in the kitchen and hurt her thigh. The pain shot through her, reached her brain, but couldn't make itself completely felt. Something else was there ahead of the pain, something far more important. It was all coming to her, that voice inside, repeating over and over the same few words. She stepped outside into the fresh night air and her brain let up some of its thumping. "Yes, yes, that's what I must do," she said aloud. 
The gate in the back wall was locked. Of course it was. Why did she even try to open it? That only slowed her down. She raced through the alley to the front of the house, to Cydelpan Street, to the end of the block, then turned, heading toward Spruce Street. 
The air was rapidly lifting the fog from her head and everything, she knew, was now clear to her--so very, very clear. She had been such a fool all this time, she told herself, such a damned stupid fool. A few words spoken in an unguarded moment and everything, every part of the puzzle fell into place. Of course, she would call Sylvester. He'd have to get there and get there as soon as possible, but there was someone else far more important who should be there. She would, she knew, have to get that person up to the third floor of the Rhynn house as soon as her feet and her power of conviction could get him there. He has to be home, he simply has to be home, she prayed as she turned onto Spruce Street and hurried to Pat's house, then past it. She took the front steps two at a time, rang the doorbell, then immediately began pounding on the front door. "Oh, please God, make him answer!" 
She heard a sound inside, then the rattle of a chain and the door opened slightly. 
"Sarah!" she cried out and roughly pushed herself past the startled woman. "Mr. Heisler, I must speak to him immediately." 
"Mr. Heisler's asleep," Sarah said and stepped in front of Phillis who was by this time looking up the staircase. 
"Then I'll awaken him," Phillis said and raced up the staircase calling out his name, leaving a frightened Sarah standing, mouth agape, at the foot of the stairs. 
 
*****
 
"Well, alone at last," Pat said to Carl as Phillis' footsteps disappeared down the hallway. "Now that she's gone, tell me just for my own satisfaction, how you intend to handle this? I know that you know and you know that I know that you can't make any of your accusations stick. You don't have a thread of evidence, nothing whatever to connect me with any murders, here or overseas. You can't take me in because you know that the minute you bring me into the station, I'll walk out scot-free and the only time you'll see me in a courtroom after that will be because I've brought a case of false arrest against you. We both know that you've got to kill me now, here in this room, and make it look as though I was trying to escape." 
"You're so very right, Mr. Montgomary," Carl said. "I never for a moment thought you were stupid. I give you credit for that, although everything else you do and represent disgusts me." 
"Why don't we adjourn this meeting of The Mutual Abhorrence Society for a moment and discuss this calmly," Pat said. He was leaning against the dresser, his arms folded in front of him. "I wish I could sit down." 
"Stay where you are!" 
"Very well, but at least let me know how you got wise to me. Where did I slip up? Was it something I said? Something I did or didn't do? I know, it must have been not taking everyone down to the sub-basement of this house this afternoon when you and Sylvester and Phillis and I were here. Yes, that must have been it. It was a bit too dramatic, my waiting until later and having just Phillis and me find the body. Oh well, Aunt Molly always said I was too theatrical, always looking to be 'on stage,' as she puts it. You don't agree? Maybe you have other ideas, something I didn't think of. You'll go a long way, Sergeant. You'll make a fine detective. And all the while, I thought I was so clever no one could possibly find out the truth, but you--" 
"Shut up! You're getting on my nerves," Carl shouted. He raised the gun. "Just stand there and keep your mouth shut or I'll let you have it right now. I have to think and I can't think with you babbling away like an old woman. Now, shut up!" He sat down on the edge of the bed. 
Pat watched him in the semi-darkness. He could tell Carl was a worried man, in over his head. If he killed Pat, even if it looked to all the world like self-defense or to keep him from escaping, Internal Affairs would come down on him before Pat's body was cold. Pat felt he could read Carl's mind. His thoughts went something like this: The Commissioner of Police is a close friend of the Mayor who just happens to be running for a second term in a few weeks. No one likes it when a policeman kills a citizen and in Pat's case, it would be a fairly wealthy citizen from Society Hill whose aunt also happens to know most of the city's political machinery on a first-name, they'll-come-to-dinner-next-Tuesday-if-I-ask-them basis. 
Carl looked up and from the expression on his face, it was quite possible he was thinking along the same lines Pat was thinking. 
"You should have thought it out in advance," Pat said to him, injecting a taunting element into his voice. "You can't just sit there and pull the trigger. You know that as well as I do. Try it and before you know it, you'll be the blushing bashful bride of Big Bad Benjie, the terror of cell block B. But don't let that scare you. Who knows, you might like it. They say life in prison can be quite romantic, if the right man loves you. Maybe some of my friends could visit you from time to time and give you a few pointers on how to keep your man happy." 
"Shut up, I said!" Carl screamed and moved nearer the edge of the bed. 
"It's not easy staging the killing of someone who was supposedly fleeing," Pat went on, ignoring Carl's injunction to be quiet. "There's the angle the bullet would have to enter my body. Can't be straight into my side. You wouldn't want it to look as though I was running sideways, now would you? No, no." He added two tsk, tsks and shook his finger metronome-fashion in warning. "Too, the way my body falls will have to indicate I was headed--running, in fact--toward the doorway of this room. I'm afraid the same goes for self-defense, as though I was attacking you. In that case, the bullet would have to be fired at very close range, not halfway across the room. There would also have to be some indication that I was attacking you, otherwise, what kind of policeman would shoot me just because I happened to be standing close to him? It is a shame, Carl, but there are some rather difficult logistics involved. Really, it would have to be choreographed, you might say, and I know all us faggots are supposed to be fond of the ballet, but I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you there. No way am I going to do any complicated footwork just to make your task easier. As I said, you should have thought it all out before you staged this amateur production. You'll never be able to take this show on the road. Needs too many rewrites. Now, if it was up to me and I was trying to salvage this turkey, I'd--" 
"You'd what?" Carl said as he got to his feet. 
Even in this modicum of light, Pat could see Carl was smiling. His voice, too, betrayed both the calm and the pleasure he was now experiencing. 
"We won't need to worry about angles of bullets entering your body, or directions of your fall," Carl was saying in a now calm, collected tone. "You are right, it is dangerous to try to stage a killing of a suspect who's fleeing and I thank you for pointing that out to me. No, we'll do something quite simple, something no one will possibly question, something a faggot like you would typically do." 
"Oh? And what's that supposed to be?" Pat did not like the air of confidence in Carl's voice. It worried him. 
"You are going to commit suicide. It's that simple." 
Pat laughed. "I am? I'm going to accommodate you and kill myself?" 
Carl nodded. "Why not? Phil will testify I told you we had caught up with you and that it was all over for you. When Phil gets back here, she'll see that you couldn't face prison and you took your own life." 
"You really think you can talk me into killing myself?" Pat laughed nervously. "Now I know just how crazy you are." 
"Not crazy. Clever. I'm going to walk over to you with this gun raised, about level with your temple." He took a step toward Pat. "I shall press it against the right side of your head. You are right-handed. I saw that tonight the way you handled the flashlight, for example. After I press it there, I shall simply pull the trigger. Afterwards, I shall press your fingers on it. When questioned, I will simply say that I misjudged you, that when I went to put cuffs on you, you spun around and got the gun from me. You made me back away, then in a last-minute confession, you admitted everything, asked me to tell your Aunt Tilly or whatever her name is, that you are sorry. I was helpless to stop you and before I could even attempt to get the gun from you, you pulled the trigger and blew your brains out." 
"Sounds interesting," Pat conceded. Carl was now no more than three feet away. He wondered if he should try to tackle him. Dangerous, certainly, with that gun raised like that. Maybe that was precisely what Carl wanted him to do, attack him. That would be self-defense on Carl's part. He certainly couldn't make a run for it. That, too, would be playing directly into Carl's hand. No matter what, Carl would come out in the clear. He prayed Phillis would hurry back. What was taking her so long? She should have been here by now. She was his only hope. Carl couldn't go on with his execution if she was there to see it and he couldn't very well kill her, too. He'd never be able to explain both deaths. 
"You expect me to stand still while you put that gun to my head and pull the trigger?" 
"Suit yourself. Either that or try to stop me. That would be just as effective. Better, even. You see, either way I win, you lose. If you do nothing, I blow off the top of your head. If you try to stop me, you'll have to attack me and that way I can show it was self-defense." 
Carl was now almost touching Pat, he was so close. He brought the gun around and Pat could feel the cold metal pressing against the skin on his temple. 
"Three." Carl laughed aloud. "Shall we count backwards? Fitting way for a queer to leave this world, wouldn't you say? You guys do everything else backwards, don't you?" He laughed again. "Here goes. Three. Two and a half. Two. One and a half. One and a quarter. One. Three-quarters. One-half. One-quarter. Zero." 
The explosion and the flash of light seemed to be simultaneous. Pat slumped and fell to the floor. 
 
Chapter XX
 
Pat lay on the floor, his head turned so that he was facing the door of the bedroom. He saw two pairs of feet, four legs, standing there for a moment, then come rapidly toward him. He couldn't move. Something was holding him down. What it was, he did not know, but he did know there was a heavy weight, a mass that was almost crushing him. He tried to move, but couldn't. 
"Here, I can move him," a voice said. 
Pat couldn't be sure. He thought he knew whose voice it was. 
"Is he?" another voice asked. 
Pat knew that voice. It was Phillis'. 
"No, just winged. I deliberately aimed for his right shoulder. He's more stunned than anything else," the first voice spoke again. 
That first voice was so familiar. Yes, now he knew. It belonged to his neighbor, Francis Heisler. What was he doing here? No matter, the weight that had been pressing down on him was now lifted. He was able to move. Phillis knelt down next to him. 
"You're all right," she said to him. It wasn't a question. It was a positive statement. 
Pat sat upright. "Yes, yes, I'm sure I am." He was able to see her face only inches from his. "What hap--?" 
"Mr. Heisler shot Carl," she told him. "Not seriously. He fell on top of you. We'll explain later. Right now...." 
She was interrupted by the sound of many feet running toward them. Detective Sylvester appeared in the doorway and behind him, several uniformed policemen. 
Pat sat propped against the dresser. He watched as Sylvester and his men went into action. They were soon followed by white-clad medics bearing a stretcher. Carl was carried out of the room. 
"Let's get out of here," Sylvester said to the rest of them. "If you don't mind, could we go to your house, Mr. Montgomary?" 
"Best idea anyone's had in days," Pat said as Phillis helped him to his feet. 
Pat, Phillis, Sylvester, and Francis Heisler were seated in Pat's living room. Two uniformed officers discreetly stood in the doorway. Sylvester wanted to be filled in on all points. Pat told of coming home and finding Phillis gone, seeing someone in the Rhynn house, and going there. He gave a detailed report of all Carl had said and done. Phillis repeated the telephone call she got from Carl earlier in the evening, his convincing her to leave the house and go with him, and their going to the Rhynn house and watching Pat from there. 
"Where did you come in, Mr. Heisler?" Sylvester asked. 
"Miss Toner came banging on my door, in quite a state," Francis replied. "She told me that the young police officer, Sergeant Wilhelm, had Mr. Montgomary at gun point and was about to kill him, that it was this Sergeant Wilhelm who had killed my wife and daughter. I took a rifle and followed her to the Rhynn house. We entered as quietly as we could and tiptoed to the bedroom on the third floor. I saw Wilhelm had a revolver pressed against Mr. Montgomary's head and heard him tell Mr. Montgomary that he was going to kill him. He was counting. I aimed for his right shoulder and brought him down. I trust I won't be charged with anything?" 
Sylvester shook his head. "No. If I had a rifle aimed at the man who murdered my wife and child, I'd have blown his brains out." 
"Phillis, why did you go to Mr. Heisler?" Pat asked her. "I mean, what convinced you Carl was lying and that he was the killer?" 
"I was afraid he was the one who killed Mrs. Heisler and Emily when I discovered he had lied to me. It took me a while to come to that realization. Something had been nagging me--something about this whole evening that was so wrong. Carl had said something to me earlier when he was trying to convince me to leave here that didn't register at the moment. He was telling me of all the things that you had done and he mentioned porno magazines, like the one we found in Josh Rhynn's bedroom. He claimed you had left it there." 
"Of course." 
"You mean like the kind that was insert--" Detective Sylvester stopped himself in time. 
"Then, too, Carl brought up once more the note we found here when we got home from Bucks County," Phillis continued. "He insisted again that he never wrote it. That was when he made a slip, a slip I didn't pick up right away. It wasn't until much later, when he told me to come back here and call Detective Sylvester that it came to me. I was going down the stairs in the Rhynn house when it hit me like the proverbial ton of bricks. Carl described the note as being the one I said we found lying on the floor of the front vestibule of this house, and I remembered clearly that I never told him where we found it. All I said was that it was here when we got home. It could have been almost anywhere--in the mailbox, inside the house, in my apartment. Yet, he knew precisely where it was, which meant he put it there. But that wasn't all that gave him away. He said the note said I was to call him when I got home, 'no matter how late it was.' But I never told him exactly what the note said; I didn't read it to him. He couldn't possibly have known what it said unless he was the one who wrote it. He couldn't have seen it later because you forgot to give it to Detective Sylvester the way you said you would." 
"There's always a slip," Sylvester said. "Even cops, even smart cops like Carl, make them." 
"What will happen to him?" Phillis asked him. 
"The gun wound from Mr. Heisler was superficial. As soon as he's released from the hospital, I'm afraid I'm going to have to charge him. Believe me, it's going to be the hardest thing I've ever had to do since taking over this job. I liked Carl. He had so much promise. He could have been a great detective. I'm sure there'll be psychiatric tests. I can't tell you if he'll ever go to trial. That's out of my hands." 
"I'm sorry," Pat said to her. 
"Thank you." Phillis looked down at her lap. "I liked him, too. I don't know if I loved him the way he said he loved me. I wish I knew why he did what he did. Was there a motive, do you think? Did he have his reasons, or is he so... so ill that he didn't know what he was doing?" 
"He spoke to me after you left the room," Pat told her and the others in the room. "From the things he said to me, the accusations he made against me, I was able to get a pretty good psychological profile on him. First, his homophobia is the worst I've ever witnessed or heard of. As most people know, homophobia pushed to such an extreme is most likely a cover-up for doubts and fears about one's own sexuality. I know he was afraid that he, too, was homosexual. As for... Mr. Heisler, maybe...." 
"Please, I would like to know," Francis Heisler said. "It would help if I knew why he killed my daughter. Don't worry about my feelings. I'm numb now. Please go on." 
"From what I learned--and I'm piecing together things that he said; I trust a psychiatrist will be able to probe deeper--I got the impression that he was playing a role, the very role he attributed to me. It's quite possible, I think, that this evening he was totally and honestly convinced I was a murderer who had killed a series of women both in this country and overseas. If one can envision an Everyman, then Carl pictured this Everyhomosexual, the living, breathing embodiment of all gay men in the world. And this Everyhomosexual to Carl was also the embodiment of evil. He used all women, then killed all women. When Carl became this... this Great Faggot, he had to destroy, not himself, not other men, but what he, Carl, erroneously perceived to be the enemy of all homosexuals: Women. That was his pathetic and pathological mistake. 
"It's sad. It's also one of the most graphic indictments of society I've ever heard of. Carl himself was actually an Everybigot, if you will, containing within himself all that is wrong about bigotry, its complete reversal of the truth, turning everything upside down or inside out, making the true false and the false true. He played out the role-- as he saw it --of the avenging homosexual, ridding the world of women. I'm sorry to say this, Detective, but I do fear that before this is all over, you may find out that Sergeant Wilhelm has more than two murders on his record." 
"Then why did he keep pressing me to marry him?" Phillis asked. 
"For the same reason," Pat responded, "that he had that porno magazine. Actually Carl Wilhelm was two people: The avenging homosexual, and the desperate would-be heterosexual. By asking you to marry him--and subconsciously knowing he was safe, that you wouldn't accept--he was fooling himself and his family and his co-workers and society into thinking he was one-hundred-percent straight. It's sad. If only he could have accepted himself for what he really was, none of this conflict would have taken place within him." 
"Was he the one who was watching my place from the Rhynn house?" Phillis asked. "And if so, why?" 
"He was," Pat told her. "The 'why' is not so easy to explain. I think we'll discover that it was all part of the other Carl Wilhelm, the Carl who asked you to marry him so many times, the Carl who thought he could be a perfectly happily married heterosexual. If he was acting perverted by watching this house with binoculars and looking at that porno magazine--in his mind at least--it was a perfectly normal heterosexual kind of perversion, not the homosexual kind he so despised and so feared he was guilty of." 
Sylvester stood up. He looked not only tired, but very depressed. "Sometimes," he said to no one in particular, "I wonder if I should look for another job." He turned and left the room. 
Francis Heisler also rose from his seat. He walked over and stood in front of Pat. "There is one thing, Mr. Montgomary," he said. "Do you know why Emily went with Sergeant Wilhelm to the Rhynn house?" 
"I can tell you why I think she did," Pat answered. "Wilhelm accused me of taking your daughter there by offering to marry her. In reality, he was the one who did that. For whatever it's worth, I'm sure Emily believed him. In her note to you, she said she had found someone who loved her and would take care of her. She was referring to Carl, and that means that she believed that some man loved her enough to want to marry her. It was unspeakably cruel, but she was happy for a while before she died." 
"Thank you." Francis looked relieved. He left. 
"You look tired," Pat said to Phillis. What he still had to do, he decided, could wait. "Why don't you go upstairs and try to get some sleep?" 
She agreed she would. "Don't know how I'll make it to work in a few hours," she said as she started up the staircase. 
 
*****
 
It was a little after seven-thirty the next morning when Pat was awakened by the telephone jangling in his ear. After the second ring, it stopped. "Good. Demey is downstairs," he said to himself and rolled over. A few seconds later, he was sound asleep again. 
There was a knock on his bedroom door and it opened. Demey came into the room, placed a cup of steaming coffee on the night table and leaned over the bed. 
"You've got to talk to someone," Demey said as Pat partially opened his eyes. 
"Dohnwanna," Pat said between lips that wouldn't open. "You taycarrit." 
"This is important. Sit up!" 
Pat pushed himself up onto his pillows and managed to look in Demey's general direction, albeit without focusing. "It better be important," he said slowly, putting all the threatening force he could into his words. 
"It's someone who calls himself Mr. Elias. Says it's imperative." 
Pat opened his eyes. "Say what it was?" 
Demey nodded a bit smugly. "I told him I wouldn't wake you unless he did. All I got out of him was that it concerned Miss Toner and that it would be to your advantage to talk to him immediately. Said it could prove quite expensive to you if you don't." 
"He's still on the line?" 
Demey reached over, picked up the telephone next to the bed, and with his hand over the mouthpiece, said, "Shall I tell him you'll be right with him?" 
Pat mumbled and reached out for the instrument. 
"Mr. Montgomary will be right with you," Demey said to the phone. To Pat, he said, "Drink some coffee first." 
"This is Patrick Montgomary," Pat said into the phone. "What is it you want, Elias?" 
"I want to save you a considerable amount of money." 
"There's no way you and I can conduct any business, least of all...." 
"I really don't think you should assume that attitude, Mr. Montgomary. I have only your welfare at heart." 
"And, of course, not your own?" 
"Naturally, I expect to be recompensed for my efforts. But I assure you that what little you pay me will be minuscule compared to the amount I can save you." 
"How much do you want?" 
"A mere fifty thousand dollars." 
"You're insane." 
"Hardly. After you hear what I have to tell you--and especially what I have to show you concerning Miss Toner--you'll consider that amount a mere pittance." 
"Go ahead. Let's have it." 
"Not on the telephone." 
"Then come here in half an hour." 
"Sorry, Mr. Montgomary. I prefer what one might call neutral territory." 
Pat thought for a moment. "Meet me at Maxie's. In an hour. Tell Maxie I'm expecting you." 
Pat sat there for several seconds, looked at Demey and smiled. "Demey," he said as he threw off his bed covers and jumped out of bed, "get my shower ready!" 
Demey backed away and hurried to the bedroom door. "Sorry, I have something... something on the stove." He disappeared through the bedroom door. 
"I'll bet you do," Pat mumbled and headed for the shower. 
At eight forty-five, Mr. Theodore Elias entered Maxie's Grille. Maxie was standing to one side and came over, a gracious smile on his face. 
"Mr. Montgomary, please," Mr. Elias said to the owner. 
"Certainly. Please follow me." Maxie brought him to a table in a corner. There were no patrons at any of the adjacent tables. A window was at Pat's back, and a wall next to the seat Maxie held out for Mr. Elias. 
Elias attempted a few banal formalities about Pat's graciously seeing him. 
"Let's eliminate the b.s., shall we, Elias? I personally find you and the way you conduct your profession both repulsive and degrading for all those who come in contact with you. Now, let's get on with whatever it is you want to tell me." 
Pat's companion smiled. "A man of few words and directly to the point. I admire that. Very well, this then is what I propose. I am in possession of certain written information concerning Miss Phillis Toner I think is of value to you. In return, I expect the sum of fifty thousand dollars. Understood?" 
"Understood. Just what is this information?" 
"It is quite simple," Elias began. "Several months ago, I was hired by a lawyer to investigate this young woman. I obtained the routine data, such as where she worked, where she lived, whom she associated with. The usual. Nothing special or really confidential. I did, however, find out one thing about her I think would affect you seriously: Her family. Her mother was one Jennie Putney. She died ten years ago. Miss Toner was whisked off to Texas and grew up there. She came back to Philadelphia a little less than a year ago, no doubt to trace her mother's family. And that, Mr. Montgomary, is where you come in. Are you following me so far?" 
"Perfectly. I know all this. Miss Toner told me about her family. So, how...?" 
"Please. Allow me. I told you earlier that what I have to tell you is worth a fortune to you. I do hope you brought your checkbook with you?" 
Pat took a small blue covered checkbook out of his inside pocket and slapped it down on the table between them. 
"Fine. Miss Toner, Mr. Montgomary, is your half-sister. Her father was your father. I see that shocks you. As of this moment, she is not aware of her relationship to you, so for the time being, you have nothing to fear from that quarter. Until someone tells her, she is oblivious to the possibility that she might be able to get her hands on some of the Montgomary money, if not legally, then surely, shall we say, in exchange for her silence, lest scandal cause you and your aunt, Miss Molly Montgomary, a certain about of discomfiture." 
"How do you know she's related to me? Who told you?" 
"Please, Mr. Montgomary, do not insult the resources of Elias and Gordon. No one tells us; we find out. We make it a point to go well beyond our routine assignments. In Miss Toner's case, I personally made it my business to find out as much about her background as I possibly could. When I found out my client, through a slip made by her attorney, was Miss Molly Montgomary, my instincts told me something was afoot. 
"I am in possession of a letter, a letter written by the late aunt of Miss Toner, addressed to the young lady in question, detailing the relationship of the said Miss Toner to your family. The letter was to be given to Miss Toner upon her aunt's demise or when Miss Toner reached age thirty, whichever occurred first." 
"Why wasn't the letter delivered to Miss Toner?" 
"A mere oversight," Mr. Elias said. "Shall we say someone else in the family, one of her cousins, thought it was advisable to hold on to it a bit longer? He sold it to me for a... a favor returned. People can have a fortune in their hands and not recognize it. But enough...." 
"And now that letter is paying off for you, right?" 
"Only you can decide that. If you consider the letter to be worth the sum requested, I shall personally hand over the letter here and now in your presence." 
"Otherwise?" 
"Otherwise, I shall have to tell Miss Toner about this letter, and since I would still be in possession of it, she would have no recourse but to take me in as a partner. No doubt, a sixty-forty share of whatever you and your family should part with." 
"And you would be the sixty percent, I presume?" 
Mr. Elias merely smiled and shrugged. 
"You have the letter with you?" 
Elias took out an old envelope and slipped out a yellowed piece of paper. He laid it down on the table and spun it around to face Pat. 
Pat reached into his inside pocket and took out a pen. He opened the checkbook. "I presume you want this made out to cash?" 
"If you will be so kind." Mr. Elias bowed his head slightly. 
Pat wrote the check and tore it out of the book. He then held the check out toward Mr. Elias. "Here you are, Mr. Elias, a check for fifty thousand dollars. In exchange, I expect you to do two things. First, keep confidential this information you have concerning Miss Phillis Toner's relationship to me and my family. Second, that you now give me that letter." 
"You have my word as a gentleman," Mr. Elias said as he inserted the check in his billfold, "that I shall consider the case now completely closed. And here is the document." He handed the letter to Pat, then stood up from the table. "Money well spent, Mr. Montgomary," he added as he patted the side of his jacket over the spot where he had just put his billfold. 
Pat looked up and addressed Elias. "I think I can safely say that I have seldom, if ever, been happier to write a check." 
Mr. Elias made one last bow and wished Pat a good day. 
Maxie walked past the table where Pat was seated. "Everything satisfactory, Mr. Montgomary?" 
Pat asked if he might have a telephone. One was immediately brought to the table. It took a while and several transfers before Pat made contact with the first person he wanted to speak to this morning: Phillis' boss. 
His second call was to Detective Sylvester. "Just wanted to check in. Yes. Yes. Sure, I'll be home this afternoon. You'll pick her up if she tries to get away? Have someone keep an eye on the house, and the airport. It wouldn't surprise me if she tried to leave the country." 
He made a final call. "Time to get up," he told the other end of the line. 
"Why? What happened?" 
"Never mind. Be ready when I get there!" 
Pat sat for a few minutes enjoying another cup of coffee, looking out at the river: wide, powerful, a force that had helped make this city great. He glanced at his wristwatch and stood up. 
As he walked through the waiting area, Maxie wished him a good day, but Pat did not hear. He had something much more pressing on his mind. 
"Yes, it's time I took her there," he said to himself as he walked out the front door of the restaurant. 
 
Chapter XXI
 
Phillis put down the receiver. It took a few seconds for her memory to activate and reintroduce into her consciousness the events of the previous evening. With a rush, pictures flashed before her: pictures of Carl picking her up outside the house, driving her to the Rhynn house, the wait upstairs on the third floor, seeing Pat in her room. Then she saw Pat appear at the doorway of Josh Rhynn's bedroom, the feeling of Carl tensing as he spoke to Pat, her leaving to telephone Detective Sylvester, convinced Pat was a murderer, and Carl's last words to her, words threatening to kill Pat if he attempted to make his escape. At this moment, the pain of realization hit her again, realizing that Carl had lied to her, that it was Carl, not Pat, who was the killer. 
She saw again Mr. Heisler raise his rifle and take aim. She saw Carl, unaware of their presence as he stood in front of Pat, with the barrel of his gun pressed against Pat's temple. Then the shot, deafening to her, as Mr. Heisler felled his quarry. 
She suddenly sat upright in her bed, drew her legs up, and clutched her arms around them. She buried her face against her knees and began to shake. Carl, the killer. Carl, the man she had almost agreed to marry. It was impossible for her to completely accept that. She had known Carl too long, he had been tender with her, if a bit pressing in his insistence that she marry him. But it had been Carl who told her Pat was the killer. That was something she could never have fully accepted: Pat Montgomary capable of killing anyone. She lifted her face and turned slightly, just enough for the clock on the night table to catch her eye. 
"It's nine-thirty," she exclaimed. "I'll be fired for sure, if I don't go to work today. I better call...." She dialed a number. 
"Mr. Hershey, please," she said. There was a pause, then she said, "Mr. Hershey, this is Phillis Toner. I am sorry I'm late, but I will be in just as soon as I can make it. I hope you'll--" 
"Miss Toner," Mr. Hershey said and she could visualize his round, ruddy face with watery blue eyes and the few strands of white hair atop his head. He addressed her through clenched teeth. "I don't know what kind of game you are playing, Miss Toner, but I certainly don't appreciate it. You had someone call me only a short while ago to tell me you wouldn't be back to work anymore, and now you tell me you'll be here in a few minutes." 
"Someone said--but who?" 
"A Mr. Montgomary called. He was positively rude, told me to... to.... Never mind what he told me to do, but he said you were quitting your job. Miss Toner, I simply cannot have such behavior. Your check will be sent to you in the mail. Good day, Miss Toner." 
Phillis sat there, the telephone receiver dangling from her hand, not accepting what had just happened. Pat had actually called her boss and quit her job for her. 
"That son of a.... Wait till I get my hands on that bastard." She jumped out of bed and began dressing. 
She was standing in the archway to the dining room when Pat arrived. She was wearing jeans, a sweater with one elbow missing, and her hair looked as though she had combed it with a food processor. 
"I overslept," she said to him. "When I called my boss, he told me someone by the name of Montgomary called and quit my job for me. Know anything about that, Mr. Montgomary?" 
"Don't worry about it." He grabbed her arm. "I want you to go someplace with me. C'mon." 
"But... my job?" 
"We'll talk about that later." He held the front door open for her. 
In a few minutes, he was driving north along Interstate 95. 
"Where're we going?" she asked. 
"You'll see when we get there. Sorry. Don't mean to sound abrupt, but I have something planned for you. Don't spoil it." 
"Did you by any chance find out from your Aunt Molly last evening why she rented your house? I mean, why I'm there in the first place?" 
"Oh, yes, she told me all about it." 
Half a minute went by in silence. 
"Well, damn it all, are you or aren't you going to tell me? If anyone has a right to know, I think I do, or don't you agree?" 
"Oh, I agree, all right. But first, let's talk about you. I want to know everything, growing up in Texas, coming back to Philadelphia. Everything." 
"Why is it that all of a sudden everyone is interested in me? People snooping around asking questions about me at work, where I live, and now you wanting to pry into my life. I went over all that with Detective Sylvester in your dining room last Saturday evening. There's nothing I can or care to add." 
They crossed the Philadelphia city limits, got off I-95, turned left onto Street Road through Bensalem Township, heading west. They continued until they reached Southampton. He pulled off the road and drove through a pillared entrance. All around them was green: grass, shrubs, trees. The air smelled remarkably clean, filled with the aroma of freshly-cut lawn. The road climbed and twisted. Finally, he pulled onto the shoulder and turned off the motor. He got out. 
"What's this place?" she asked as he held the door for her and she got out. "It looks to me like a...." 
He took her arm and walked under an immense oak tree until they reached the edge of a small cliff. "It is. Oak Hill Cemetery is right down there below us, at our feet, you might say. Look!" He pointed downward and she could see rows and rows of headstones of various shapes and heights, broken by paths and trees and dotted with white iron benches. 
"It is beautiful here," she said. "But why bring me to see a cemetery?" 
"Down there, to the right, and a little past that largest clump of trees, is the Montgomary family plot. My grandparents are buried there, and so are my parents. I wanted you to see it from up here first, then take you down there and show it to you up close. There's a path just over there and it's not too bad a walk, but do be careful." 
He started and she followed. The path, which led down from the cliff was steep, but she was surefooted enough not to slip. About ten minutes later, they were standing at the edge of an iron-railing enclosed square. There was a small ornamental gate in the middle of the one side. Pat stepped over it. 
He stopped in front of one particular stone, the one which read: 
 John Montgomary 
There was a small cement bench facing it. He gestured for her to be seated and he squatted down next to her. 
"My father," he said and brushed away a couple of birch leaves, which had clung to the stone. 
She stared at it briefly, then turned and did the same to him. "It's very nice, Pat, but why...." 
"It's important that you see this tombstone today. This is the most appropriate place in the world for what I have to tell you. I want to tell you why my Aunt Molly rented those rooms to you." 
He proceeded to tell her all that Molly had told him the previous evening. 
She sat spellbound and silent as he spoke. When he finished, she said nothing, but looked upward. The sky was blue, almost its primordial cobalt blue. Everything around them seemed pure. She felt numb and slightly giddy. None of what Pat said had as yet fully sunk in. She heard his words and she knew their meaning, but so far she did not understand what it meant to her, how it would change her life. 
Finally, she spoke. "That is my father, too?" She pointed to the tombstone in front of them. 
Pat told her it was. 
"My mother is buried in a simple grave somewhere in Northeast Philadelphia," she said softly. "I saw it once, shortly after I came back to this city. Thank you, Pat. Thank you for telling me who my father was. I never knew. Neither of my aunts would ever tell me. They said they didn't know, but I always suspected they did. I'm glad now, knowing something about him. Maybe later, you and your aunt will tell me more about him. I'd appreciate that." 
"There is one other thing," he said to her. "We--Aunt Molly and I--want you to have what is rightfully yours. My father and your mother truly loved one another, probably more than he and my mother did. Society said they shouldn't, but they did and you were the physical proof of their love. Our lawyer will let you know how much money is yours, but it is quite a lot." 
They stayed there for several minutes longer, then Pat suggested they leave. They walked back to the car. 
"Smile," he said as they got back into the car. 
She looked at him and smiled. 
"I'm dreaming," she said. "That's it. I remember going to bed after all the excitement last night and now, to make everything easier for my poor frazzled nerves, I'm having this wonderful dream about finding my father and about coming into money. Every working girl's dream, you know. Just to make this dream perfect, tell me before I wake up and find I have to put on a fresh face and rush to make it on time for work: is this supposed to be a lot of money? Please make it a lot. Tons and tons of money. Make me the richest woman in the world. Otherwise, this dream won't be as good as it could be." 
"It's no dream," he told her. They were headed back toward Philadelphia. "But you're not the richest woman in the world. If I'm not mistaken, that title might still belong to Queen Elizabeth. But you are wealthy. You'll never have to work for someone else again. You'll have enough money to do all the things any normal, well-bred, rich young lady would like to do." 
"Can I buy a new car?" 
"A dozen, if you like." 
"Take a really great vacation?" 
"Around the world. And as often as you wish." 
"Buy a new outfit?" 
"Buy as many as you like." 
"And have them delivered?" 
"By personal messenger." 
"Wait a minute. There's something wrong here. What if... what if I go over the limit on my credit card?" 
"Throw your credit cards away. From now on, all you have to do is say, 'Charge it' and sales clerks around the world will smile, say, 'Yes, Madame,' and proceed to fall over themselves waiting on you." 
"Can I buy myself a gorgeous hunk the way Zena Kirsten has?" 
"Buy all the Mr. Olympia contestants, if you like." 
"You're pulling my leg." She moved to the corner of her seat. 
"No, I'm not, but if that turns you on, you can now afford to pay someone to pull it for you." 
She was silent for a while. Pat saw there were tears in her eyes. One escaped and ran down her cheek. 
"What's the matter?" 
"I was thinking of my mother," she answered him softly. "I wish she could have been here. She didn't have much of a life, you know, and the only thing making this less than perfect is not being able to make it all up to her. And there's something else. In my greed, I forgot something, something wonderful." 
"What's that?" 
 "I got more than money, didn't I? I got myself a brother. I never had one, you know. Hi, bro!" 
"Hi, sis! You've also got yourself a wonderful aunt. Aunt Molly brought me up, and even though she's always insisted my mother was a fine person, I doubt if she could have been a better mother to me than Molly was with all the trouble I caused her. You'll love her, I know. And I also know how much she already loves you." 
"I would like to see her soon." 
"This evening? I thought we'd take her to dinner. All right with you?" 
"I can't wait." 
"I know she bought herself a new gown. I'll pick up a corsage for her. Molly loves orchids." 
They pulled up outside Pat's house and a familiar car was parked in front. 
"I see the police got here a bit early," he said as they walked up the front steps. 
Detective Sylvester got out of his car and joined them as they went through the front door. 
"Thank you for coming," Pat said to Sylvester as they entered his living room. "Do you have the tape with you?" 
"We have it," he answered. "We'll have a hard copy made and ask you to go over it and sign it, if you will." 
Phillis asked, "What tape is that?" 
"A tape recording of my breakfast this morning," Pat told her. "Detective Sylvester arranged to have someone stationed with a tape recorder behind the partition next to my table at Maxie's. My companion was Mr. Theodore Elias, the private detective who's been spying on you lately, the one my aunt hired. He thought he could make himself some extra money bleeding me. You see, he thought that I'd pay him for not telling you you're my sister. He had a letter from your aunt explaining everything to you. I gave him a check for fifty thousand dollars for it. He said that would be an end to the whole affair, but there are always photocopy machines and I'd be expected to go on paying for years to come. Will it hold up?" he asked Sylvester. 
"I'm pretty sure it will. We've already called the D.A.'s office, and, with the right kind of pressure applied, at the very least Mr. Elias will lose his license for starters. His accepting your check will help a great deal." 
"Did you find her?" Pat asked Sylvester. 
"A very alert security guard at Philadelphia International Airport spotted the two of them ready to board a plane for Rio," Sylvester told him. "No doubt to stay there for a while until things cooled off here. She gave us a hard time, but I think we'll be able to make it stick, maybe even more for her than for him." 
Phillis looked from Sylvester to Pat to Sylvester. "What the hell are you two talking about?" 
"Didn't we tell you?" Pat asked with a devilish grin. "Demey was trying to leave the county." 
"Why wasn't he allowed to leave?" she asked. "Don't tell me he was running off with the family silver." 
"Don't call him he ," Pat corrected her. " She . Our houseboy for the past few days was no house boy at all. A house girl would be more like it." 
"You've lost me. I'm completely confused." 
"Let me go back a while. You knew I was staying with friends in England when something came up that took them away. I've since checked and discovered it was a phone call advising them to look into some investments they had in Germany. It was a hoax. I don't know how--probably through fellow investigators in England--but Demey got just enough information about my friends' personal finances to sound convincing. He took the chance that I would leave, which of course I did. 
"Next, my former servant got a bogus letter from a supposed lawyer in Florida telling him he had come into a sizeable inheritance, but that he'd have to go there in person to identify himself and to collect it. 
"Finally, I received a letter from an old friend recommending Demey. I since found out my friend never wrote that letter." 
"I've heard of people going to extremes to get a job, but wasn't that going just a bit too far?" 
"It was all geared to get me back home and to get Demey in this house. And that's the whole point. Demey is... er... was... none other than Eleanor Gordon, Mr. Theodore Elias' partner. You see, when Elias found out Aunt Molly was interested in you, and he got his hands on that letter your aunt intended you to receive, he thought he had a sure thing. By that time, you were already living in this house. Now, Elias and his partner, Gordon, had to be very careful. They were walking on the proverbial eggs. They wanted me back here, but the last thing they wanted was for you to discover your relationship to this family. As long as you didn't know, they thought they could go on blackmailing me. They wanted to keep an eye on both of us; get you out of this house, if possible, and away from me. What they never planned on was a murder. In a way, that helped them. It kept everyone's attention on something else. Then, as soon as the killer was exposed, Elias made his move this morning." 
"What made you suspicious of Demey?" 
"In the beginning, a number of little things. He knew how to cook and clean house all right, but there was something missing in someone who supposedly worked in some fine households. He was too familiar, for one thing. A servant who claimed to have been in the employ of a member of the British aristocracy would have had an air about him that was more in keeping with such a household. I would have expected him to be a bit more snobbish." 
"But that didn't mean he was connected with Elias. Still less that Demey was a woman, and especially that she was Eleanor Gordon." 
"That's right. This morning, Demey came into my bedroom and told me I had a call. Pretended it was someone he did not know, said the caller was someone who called himself Elias. I was already positive that it was no coincidence the other day when Elias followed us to Maxie's right after I called home here and told Demey you and I were going there for lunch. Demey must have told Elias where we were going and that meant he had to be working either for or with Elias. I tried a little experiment. I always sleep in the nude. I jumped out of bed and you should have seen the expression on my so-called houseboy's face. It turned crimson, not to be expected from an experienced man's man. I asked him to get my shower ready for me. He became so flustered, he damned near tripped over his own feet getting out of my bedroom." 
"And because of that, you deduced Demey was a woman?" 
"That, and the fact that after I got dressed and while Demey was downstairs in the kitchen, I went up to his rooms on the fourth floor. What I found in his dresser drawers convinced me Demey was no gentleman." 
"And you knew all about this?" Phillis asked Sylvester. 
"Mr. Montgomary called me this morning," he explained. "We had to work fast to lay that trap for Elias." 
Phillis moved toward the edge of her seat. She opened her mouth as though to speak, then seemed to hesitate. Both men stared at her. 
"I was... was wondering, Captain, if... if you have any news about Carl," she said. 
Detective Sylvester looked at her, then looked toward the floor. "Carl broke down during the night and admitted he had killed Mrs. Heisler and her daughter, Emily, that the porno magazine was his, that he did indeed write that note to you, Miss Toner, the one asking you to call him. He cried as he related how he put something into the coffee Mr. Montgomary brought out to Officer DiAngelo so that he, Carl, could spy on this house from the Rhynn property without being seen. It was then the dam broke. He claimed to be responsible for a string of murders throughout the city over the past few years. We can't be sure, of course. In his state, he may claim to have done many things that he did not do. The D.A. has requested that Carl be handed over for intense psychological testing and I agree that's the best thing right now. It's sad, what we as a society do to one another, isn't it? I think it's the only true distinction that separates us from the rest of the animal kingdom. We destroy one another with labels. Carl could never accept the deep, painful longings in his own being because he would then have to admit that he was one of those he had been taught to despise. God... I loved that boy." 
"Could I see him? 
"I'll let you know," Sylvester told her. "Wait a few days. Someone will contact you." 
Pat and Phillis said goodbye to Detective Sylvester at the front door. 
 
*****
 
Pat, Phillis, and Molly were seated around a table in one of Maxie's intimate and private dining rooms above his restaurant. They had a view of the river below with ships' lights playing on the water. Molly was wearing her new dress with Pat's orchid pinned to it. She was beaming. 
"My dear," she said to Phillis, "we are a family at last." With that, she raised her glass of champagne. After everyone had drank, Phillis excused herself, saying she had to go to the ladies room. She did not ask Molly to join her. 
"She's somewhat overcome," Molly said. 
Pat nodded. "It's a bit much for someone to swallow in one dose, getting me for a brother and you for an aunt. Poor thing." 
"She could do much worse. And I presume you've given her some idea how much she will inherit?" 
"Told her our lawyer would. Which brings up a delicate subject, Auntie dear. Don't you think you should add her to your will? Mr. Sutton-Sponge could--" 
"That was taken care of weeks ago, before you returned from Europe." 
Pat was puzzled. "But... but all this about getting her to rent the house, having us get to know one another first? That makes sense when we're talking about my inheritance, but you said--or at least implied--that it was up to me to decide about your money. I don't mind, but...." 
Molly reached over and placed her hand on her nephew's. "Patrick, dear boy, I never for a second thought you'd decide otherwise." 

*****
 
It was close to eleven o'clock that evening when Pat and Phillis returned home after dropping Molly off. 
"Well, sister dear, what plans do you have now?" Pat asked as they came into the living room. "You're certainly not going to look for another place to live, are you? This house is enormous. I never use the third floor. I'd really like you to stay here, unless...." 
"I would consider it a pleasure." 
"I have to go away for a day or two. Last week, when I came back to the States, I thought I'd spend a day in New York, shopping. When I got to my hotel, there was a message. It was from Franklin York. He was a teacher of mine and I've kept in touch with him all these years. He tracked me down through friends and found out where I was staying in New York. He lives in New Jersey. Asked me to call him, no matter how late I got in. I decided on the spur of the moment to rent a car and drive down to see him. When I got there, he seemed a bit flustered, insisting I shouldn't have gone to all the trouble of driving there, that he just wanted to talk. I would have believed him except that he seemed so very jumpy. The slightest noise and he damn near hit the ceiling. That's not at all like Franklin. He's the most relaxed, laid back, self-assured person I've ever known. I questioned him at length, and the most I could get out of him was that he had a feeling something wasn't quite right in the little community where he lives. Nothing he could put his finger on, but that something or someone wasn't what it should be. 
"Anyway, I told him I'd be back sometime over the weekend, and... well, with all that happened here, I couldn't, of course. But I'd feel better if I went there tomorrow, if only to check up on him." 
They were standing at the foot of the staircase. 
"Why don't you come with me?" 
They began to climb the stairs. 
"Maybe." 
They reached the foot of the staircase leading to the third floor. "Together, you and I might be able to get to the bottom of whatever it is that's bothering Franklin." 
"We sure as hell can try," she agreed as she started up the staircase toward her apartment. 
 
The End

