
SALERAS STORM
AT THE THRESHOLD OF DARKNESS

by
J.R. Marro


COPYRIGHT

Title: Saleras Storm
Published by J.R. Marro
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2009 by J.R. Marro

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED INCLUDING THE RIGHT OF REPRODUCTION IN WHOLE OR PART IN ANY FORM.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any meanswhether virtual, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written permission of the copyright owner, J.R. Marro.
Throughout this publication, trademark names are used. Each name is the property of its respective owner.

ISBN 978-0-615-34097-5

Cover image courtesy of iStock.com/forplayday/NASA

This book is available in print at most online retailers.

Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


TABLE OF CONTENTS

Acknowledgements
Quote from Charlotte Bronte
Prologue

Chapter 1................Chapter 18
Chapter 2................Chapter 19
Chapter 3................Chapter 20
Chapter 4................Chapter 21
Chapter 5................Chapter 22
Chapter 6................Chapter 23
Chapter 7................Chapter 24
Chapter 8................Chapter 25
Chapter 9................Chapter 26
Chapter 10..............Chapter 27
Chapter 11..............Chapter 28
Chapter 12..............Chapter 29
Chapter 13..............Chapter 30
Chapter 14..............Chapter 31
Chapter 15..............Chapter 32
Chapter 16..............Chapter 33
Chapter 17..............Chapter 34
Chapter 35


Acknowledgements

Id like to first thank my family for their encouragement and support to go on even when I wanted to stop. A special mention goes to my precious grandchildren who loved everything I wrote even when it stunk.
I would like to thank all those individuals at the United States Geological Survey: Gertrude, Brian, David, and Marie. They were patient, kind and answered all my questions without making me feel stupid.
An important thank you goes to the people who invented the internet. Words cannot express my gratitude. I humbly bow to them.
Last but definitely not least, a very huge thanks goes to my editor, Summer, who practically whipped the words out of me. Her continued support and toughness are what kept me going and I cant thank her enough.

J.R. Marro


Something of vengeance I had tasted for the first time;
as aromatic wine it seemed, on swallowing,
warm and racy: its after flavor, metallic and corroding,
gave me a sensation as if I had been
poisoned.

Charlotte Bronte, 1847


PROLOGUE


There are a total of six aboard. Shall I order the Envil to power down their weapons? asked Lieutenant Ruce, his pure white skin and crown of protruding spiked bones made the Teven-human a fearful sight.
Negative. Its just Awler and his friends trying to let off steam again, said Captain Haron. Just make sure were out of his scanner range.
Haron carefully studied the small vessel on the screen. Awler was in a Messer-craft, the kind put together with leftover junk. Every imaginable color spotted the hand-made ship. Life was hard on the poorer planets, especially on Wecton B, where these kids were from. However, the Ripton and its crew had been assigned by the Federation to monitor this quadrant of the galaxy and Awler was at it again. The kid never gave up.
Another beam vaporized an asteroid. The vessel had only enough power to blast small asteroids lingering outside the field, so no major damage could be done. However, teroid blasting was forbidden under Federation law and for good reason; over sixty million lives were at stake on Aven III, the only populated world within the five-planet star system. Avens blue-green waters and patches of green and brown land were beautiful but the Aven-humans were primitive when it came to technology. They had no idea their small planet and two moons were surrounded by an asteroid field so thick it took days to maneuver through it. Unfortunately, Awler had ignored the previous six warnings, so now a short stay in a Federation jail was in order. He sighed. There was no choice.
Let them have their fun for a little while then well bust them, said Haron. Just watch for drifting asteroids. 
Aye, Sir, said Ruce, adjusting the controls in front of him.
Haron sat back and rubbed his chin, feeling his long fangs. He wondered if his green skin and three eyes were just as intimidating as Ruces spikes.
Nah.
Captain, said Ruce, Im detecting an unknown ore within an asteroid, close to the Envil.
Is it volatile? asked Haron.
I dont know, Sir, replied Ruce. Ive never seen properties like this. There is approximately eight ounces of pebble size stones. Its located in the center of a half-mile asteroid.
Whats the proximity to Awlers ship? asked Haron. Its coming within his firing range.
Inform base were taking the Envil, said Haron.
Aye, Sir.
Ahead slow, said Haron. Prepare to send out a probe. I want to know what that stuff is.
Aye, Captain.
Haron felt the ship move forward. Whats our ETA?
Fifteen minSir! Theyve fired on the asteroid.
The asteroid exploded with an enormous flash of light. The screen turned white and Haron grunted, covering his eyes to the blinding pain. When he opened them, speeding their way was a giant yellow cloud of fire and gas.
Shields! he shouted.
The wave hit the ship with a loud boom, sending it tumbling. Haron and his crew were thrown to the floor. Sparks and mini-fires burst throughout the bridge as the vessel rumbled and shook. Breathing was arduous as the pressure on his chest was squeezing the air from his lungs. Haron glanced at the screen. The stars were rolling. They were in a spin and moving fast. Loud creaks and groans resonated throughout the ship. They had to get control or the Ripton would be torn apart.
Steady her! shouted Haron, gripping the leg of his seat to keep himself from rolling.
Aye, Sir! yelled Ruce, who was already on his knees working the controls.
The Ripton gradually leveled off, but they were still moving backwards at a tremendous rate. Streaks of light filled the screen.
Whats our speed? yelled Haron, struggling to breathe from the crushing force.
Theres no way to tell, Captain, shouted Ruce. The instruments are faltering.
Within moments, the ship slowed down, grumbling to a stop. Haron strained to pull himself into the seat.
Damage report, he said, coughing from the smoke.
Levels ten through thirteen have minimal damage, said Ruce. Forty-six have been injured and no deaths have been reported. All weapons and engines are fully capable.
Take us to those kids, he said.
Aye, Sir, said Ruce. ETA is thirty minutes.
What? Why so long?
The explosion pushed us over a light year away, Captain.
Haron sat up, shocked. Are you sure? Nothing has that kind of power.
Yes, sir, said Ruce. There is no mistaking.
If it pushed us that far away...Harons breath caught in his chest. Find those kids. Warp three.
As they approached the area, the center of the screen displayed a white gaseous ball.
What is that? asked Haron, staring.
That is our destination, said Ruce. 
Instantly the screen switched to where the Envil lay. Nothing was there. The thick asteroid field was gone.
What you see are the remains of the young ones, the asteroid field, and the five-planet star system, said Ruce, his eyes studying the data before him. He turned to Haron. Captain, they have all been vaporized and there are no survivors.
Haron felt his muscles go limp as he stared at the screen. 
How? he asked in disbelief. It was only eight ounces.


CHAPTER 1
Kalin

No life at all? asked Kalin.
No, Captain, answered Marante, his First Officer. All communications with Nisor II stopped three hours after the discovery of the alien mechanism.
Kalin squirmed in the captains chair, his stare anxiously fixed on the forty-by-sixty-foot, three-dimensional wall screen. The blue and green planet was perfect for sustaining human life, so where were the colonists? Who or what could take out five hundred people and leave nothing behind? he thought. He recalled the mission to Cetion 4, the remote planet near the galactic axis. An uncomfortable feeling rose up within him. Are these creatures also invisible? Undetectable by scans? He hoped not. The Uly creatures had slaughtered ten men, setting their bodies on fire with just a touch. He and Marante had barely made it out alive. Are there any signs of a battle?
Marante waved his hand through a three-dimensional hologram emitting from a yellow recessed orb. 
No, sir, he replied, his clipped accent smooth and eloquent. All their ships are intact. There are no bodily remains. I cannot detect any traces of Ondor-human blood. Whatever attacked them wiped them out completely.
Kalin ran his fingers through his thick black hair. It was happening again. Something inside telling him not to teleport to the surface, but what choice did he have? The continuous Ancis signal had stopped three days ago, a sure sign of an enemy attack. The Federation was concerned. 
Inform Baskka and Muab were going down, he said.
Marante swiveled in his seat. Although considered handsome by Chaslean-human standards, his boney, angular frame wrapped in a skin-tight black tunic and pants, and his oversized round head made him look like a popsicle. Taking up most of his face were almond-shaped eyes that pointed inward to a coin-sized nose, which at present was white and slightly larger than usual.
Perhaps a probe would be more suitable? said Marante. We could monitor its findings from here.
Marante was a scientist at heart and frowned on dangerous assignments. However, in over four hundred years, he had never let fear stop him from going on the missions Kalin accepted from the Galactic Federation. Of course, being on the Quasar, the largest and most advanced ship in the fifteen explored galaxies, helped.
No, Kalin replied. Im not going to rely on a probe to find out what happened to them. Lets go. He turned to the Chaslean helmsman. Tolba, monitor us and ready the teleport in case of trouble.
Aye, sir.

***

The four men stood in the center of the Market Square beside a dry fountain. A thick forest pressed against the Ondor village where only thin rays of sunlight peeked through the canvas of lush foliage, sprinkling the town with radiant pearls of light. Temporary homes constructed of the durable gray plastic called Solfrit lined the streets stretching out in all directions.
Kalin caught sight of his reflection in an arched window. His Saleran bone structure made him tall and thick with muscle, a trait noticeable beneath his clothes: a black vest, long-sleeved white shirt and skin-tight black pants. There was a loud snap of a branch and he swung his Barra around, ready to fire. Keeping the black rifle aimed down a side street, he noticed hundreds of green and red vines had spread across the roadway. He glanced down all the streets. The vines covered the roads, even the alleys, and some were making their way up the walls and into the houses. 
The strangeness of it increased his discomfort. A gentle breeze rustled the leaves and he felt his stomach knot up. Something was very wrong.
I am not registering any life, said Marante, studying the small holo on the scanner. Not even animal or insect. Only the plants.
It looks as if theyve been gone for months, said Baskka, his red eyes glowing against the shimmer of his light green skin. Im sure the Preconts cleaned up the roads before allowing the colony to move in. So what gives?
Muab was shaking his massive blue head, the four antennae on each of his ears waving side-to-side. Evil here. Must hurry.
I agree, said Kalin. Keep alert and
Suddenly, the ground began to rumble and move. The men struggled to stay on their feet. Muab shouted something, but Kalins attention was on Marante, who had a look of horror on his face. He followed Marantes gaze.
Back up! Back up! shouted Kalin, waving his arm.
On the other side of the fountain, an enormous black vine in the shape of a hand was creeping out of an open fissure. It pulsated as if breathing, and although the plant appeared to be eyeless, Kalin sensed they were being watched. Without warning, it rose into the air and slammed down on the fountain, smashing it to pieces.
This is a new species, said Marante, studying the scanner. There is no record of this life form. It
From within the crevice, a bellowing roar vibrated the air and the tentacle rose higher. It shrieked and vaulted towards them.
Run! yelled Kalin.
They dashed into a small, nearby house, where a couch, a soft chair, and an overturned dining table were the only visible furniture. Stacked on both sides of a large window were blue boxes. 
Building supplies, thought Kalin. 
Some had tumbled off and broken open, scattering long nails and screws on the Solfrit floor.
Block the doorway! he shouted.
Muab grabbed the cushioned chair and flung it against the door.
They come from under the ground, said Kalin. Ready your Barras. Set to disintegrate. He was grateful their Barras could laser blast through six inches of solid steel.
Pounding and deep growls vibrated the steel door. Kalins grip tightened around his Barra. The floor beneath them started to shake. A deep crack began splitting the ground.
Jump! shouted Kalin.
All leapt to safety, except Marante. Kalin could see the tips of his eight-inch fingers desperately trying to get hold of the loose dirt as he dangled in the crevasse. The snarls of angry monsters began echoing from within.
Kalin! shouted Marante.
Kalin jumped to his feet and ran, but he tripped on a box and fell face down.
Kalin, this is no time to be slow! said Marante.
Hang on! shouted Kalin. Im coming! 
Ready to spring to his feet, he shifted his weight and felt the skin on his chest rip. His body quivered with the excruciating pain. He lifted himself to his knees. Through his bloodied white shirt protruded the end of a hefty screw.
They are coming, said Marante. You must hurry, Kalin!
The earth beneath Marantes fingers started crumbling. Kalin yanked out the two-inch bolt and dove with outstretched arms as the cliff gave way. Kalin hit the ground with a thud, sending up a cloud of dirt. The floating grit blocked his vision as both arms dangled over the ledge. To his relief, he felt Marantes fingers in his hand. After pulling him out, they both crawled behind the overturned dining table.
I cannot believe you took so long, said Marante, making adjustments on the scanner. Were you deliberately trying to give me a heart attack?
Actually, I wanted to see if your nose could get as big as your head. He glanced at Marante, whose nose instantly went from pea-sized white with worry to orange-sized and angry red. Almost.
You are pathetic, said Marante. Where are Baskka and Muab?
There. He nudged his head. Behind the couch.
The whining sound of a fast-moving object was getting louder when suddenly another vine flew out of the chasm and lunged towards the men.
Shoot it! yelled Kalin.
Laser fire bombarded the creature. The vine flailed in the air, shrieking to the laser blasts tearing through its membrane.
They feed off the nutrients of the planet, but they can be carnivorous, said Marante.
Duh...I guess thats why there are no colonists, said Kalin. Marante was always a scientist even in the face of the obvious.
Your sarcasm is not appreciated, said Marante, juggling the scanner in one hand and firing with the other. And why must you always get us into these predicaments?
Because you need to keep the blood moving in that big head of yours, said Kalin.
Stop making fun of my head, you oversized fur ball andoh my!
Out of the pit vaulted a creature standing over eleven feet tall. Protruding from its hip, the damaged vine was healing at a remarkable rate. The jagged, dark green skin of the monster sparkled as it moved. Its slender body was hunched over as if straining to hold up its long arms and oversized hands. Curved, spiked nails tipped each three-toed foot. One large, red eye glared menacingly down at the men while its slightly elongated maw repeatedly opened and shut, exposing its serrated teeth in an obvious threat.
What is it? whispered Kalin, noticing an uneven bulge moving in its stomach.
It is definitely not human, Marante said.
Really? How did you figure that out?
It quickly turned towards the table where it heard the sounds. A high-pitched squeal came from its mouth.
Kalin kept his aim as he slowly stood up. Marante, set the scanner to translate.
Marante waved his hand over an orb and a strange, gentle music began to play. It silenced the creature.
As Kalin spoke, his words became soft melodious tones. We come in peace. Who are you?
The voice of the beast was deep and scratchy. Thuron. Invaders must die.
The people that were here before us meant you no harm. They would have left your world alone if you had asked. The colonists, where are they?
All dead! roared the creature.
The Thuron grabbed the couch and flung it against the wall where it shattered. With lightning speed, its hands gripped the necks of Muab and Baskka and lifted them off the floor. Static bolts ripped through their bodies as the mended vine sent offshoots into their open crevices.
Blast it! yelled Kalin.
Muab and Baskka screamed, trying to loosen the creatures grip.
The static shield surrounding the Thuron is deflecting all laser fire, said Marante. Penetration is impossible.
Kalin shuddered at the morbid sounds of popping joints and cracking bones. The creatures teary eye was wide open as if in a trance. A steady flow of red drool streamed out from its gaping mouth. Kalin began pulling the trigger so fast the laser pulses became a stream of light. He had to save his men.
They are dead, Captain, said Marante, standing up. Kalin kept firing the Barra, unable to accept it.
Marante put his hand on his shoulder. They are gone, Kalin. It is over.
Kalin shivered with anger as he lowered his laser. They were eaten alive. 
The creature dropped Muab and Baskka to the floor. Their hollow bodies lay flat. All their organs, muscles, and skeletal structures had been devoured. The beast carefully folded their empty bodies as if treasuring a prize then lifted a slice of skin over its stomach and slid them in its pouch. Immediately, its stomach undulated to the added items.
It is digesting their remains, said Marante in Kalins mind.
The monster glared at Kalin and Marante and began moving towards them, claws ready and fangs snapping. The two backed up.
The window, Marante, said Kalin in thought.
Got it, answered Marante.
The two dove through the glass to the outside. They hit the ground, rolled to their feet and began running. The crunching sound of the Thurons spiked nails digging into the ground was closing in. The vine latched onto Marantes arm and yanked him to a stop, slamming him down.
Kalin skidded to a halt and lifted the Norin Blade from his boot. Marante was on the ground, fighting off the shoots of vine trying to enter his body. Kalin leapt towards the vine, flipping in the air and slicing it in half as he came down on his feet. An ear-piercing shriek came from the creature as black liquid spurted out. The vine on Marante shriveled. Kalin swung his arm around and rammed the knife into the monsters back, holding it in as he slid it down its torso, cutting through its bone as if it were paper and releasing its entrails. A gut-wrenching shrill sound vibrated the air and the creature fell dead.
We must leave, said Marante, panting as he picked up the scanner. There must be more.
Yeah, said Kalin. A heavy wind began blowing through the trees. He tapped the small Comlink on his vest. Tolba....
Crackling sounds split the air as if it were electrically charged. Kalin felt the hair on his head rise.
Whats happening? he asked.
It is some kind of force field, said Marante, studying the scanner. They have cut off communication with the Quasar.
The ground in front of them rumbled once again. Numerous fissures burst open and out leapt ten more of the same creatures.
Run! they yelled together.
They dashed into the forest. Kalin glanced back. The Thurons were shrewd and fast, spreading out as they took chase. Dark clouds formed in the sky, blocking out the sunlight. He could barely see. The ground tremors intensified. A vicious wind howled through the trees, sending thick branches down, just missing them.
They control the weather! shouted Marante.
I knowwatch out!
A small tree dropped down into their path, then another, and another. They strained to leap over plant life deliberately falling in front of them. Kalin felt the quick swipes of a creatures hands brushing his back. High-pitched screeches emanated from the trees and bushes that were violently shaking.
The plants are sentient, said Marante in Kalin's mind. They are against us.
Suddenly, it was quiet. Everything was still. The creatures had disappeared. The sun was peeking through the fast-moving clouds. Kalin pulled Marante to a stop. They surveyed the area, out of breath.
Where are they? he asked, suddenly aware of the thin air. It was getting harder to breathe. The oxygen level is dropping.
Marante studied the scanner. Yes, it is. I cannot find thei...we must go now!
Five trees in front of them reshaped themselves into the creatures, along with five behind. Within moments, ten angry beasts surrounded them. One Thuron leapt into the air towards them. Kalin blasted the creature. The other Thurons charged, and the two men stood back to back in a shooting frenzy.
A beast latched onto Marantes neck. Kalin turned to fire, when suddenly, beams ignited and they were on the teleporter deck of the Quasar. The startled Thuron dropped Marante and froze. Marante quickly rolled off the deck.
Tolba, return teleport, now! shouted Kalin.
The Thuron disappeared in a flash of light. Without warning, the ship lurched, throwing them to the floor.
Tolba, report! yelled Kalin.
A Tractor beam has enveloped the Quasar, Captain. We are being pulled into the atmosphere.
Full reverse! shouted Kalin. Were on our way!
The sounds of the powerful engines whining and scraping filled the ship. The vessel trembled and bucked, fighting to stay in space. Kalin and Marante stumbled down the hallways and into the lift.
Bridge, said Kalin, clutching a wall bar.
The lift zoomed off sideways, lateral pale blue lights showing the passing levels. The upward shift was barely felt. A loud boom sent them to the floor. The Quasar was losing the battle.
The energy beam is emitting from the alien device, said Marante, carefully reading the holo on his scanner as he got to his feet. The creatures are part of the root stock of the planet. This is a living world, Kalin. Every plant is alive, conscious of their surroundings, and able to communicate with each other. This is the first discovery of its kind.
Whats the energy source of that device? asked Kalin, pulling himself up.
It is one grain of Pril, said Marante. How did these creatures know about Pril?
I dont know, but we have to stop this or were all dead. 
The doors slid open and they staggered onto the bridge. Marante hurried to sit beside Tolba at the main controls.
Tolba, engage light speed at my command, said Kalin, hopping into the captains chair. Marante, ready a Ronar Pulse and fire at my command. Three-two-one-fire!
On screen, they watched a white pulse race down the middle of the energy beam. A large explosion erupted within the planet.
Now, Tolba!
Kalin was slammed back into the seat as the Quasar zoomed away. He sat straight, feeling his muscles tense up from anger.
The whole colony is gone! shouted Kalin, bashing the armrests with his fists. I lost two friends down there! Why werent those things detected in the earlier scans?
Marante worked the colorful holo in front of him. According to the original study of the planet, they searched twenty miles into the crust for any sign of life or volatile activity. However, the Thuron City is forty miles beneath the surface therefore they were not detected. I have scanned their city, and there is no human life. Baskka and Muab did not stand a chance, Captain. The energy output that engulfed them was ten thousand times that of normal.
Kalin sat back and sighed. There was nothing worse than losing human lives, especially good friends, due to human error. 
When is the Federation going to listen? he said to Marante in his mind. Ive told them many times to search deep down, right to the core of the planet for any life. Now a whole colony is gone and Ive lost two of my best friends.
I agree, said Marante. This catastrophe could have been avoided.
It has to stop, said Kalin, feeling his anger rise again. Were losing people to stupidity.
Yes, I agree.
Ill speak to the families of Baskka and Muab personally, Kalin said aloud. 
He felt the sorrow of having to inform their wives and children who lived with them on the Quasar. He had to prepare himself for the onslaught of tears, something he was never ready for.
Inform the Federation of the loss of the colony and recommend they put this star system under quarantine, he said. We dont want the Thurons to have this technology so find the access codes to the Ancis device and set the village to self-destruct. Lets leave these beings to themselves.
Aye, Captain, said Marante, waving his hand through the holo, where a twinkle of light appeared, then vanished. A small burst of fire appeared on the planet surface.
Captain, said Tolba. I have an incoming message from King Altor.
Put it on screen, said Kalin, welcoming the change of subject.
The death of good friends was, unfortunately due to the Federations stupidity, becoming a habit. However, speaking with his father always ended in another argument and right now, he just wasnt in the mood. Hed have to cut him off again and take it in the Overview, which would anger his father even more.
The tall broad figure of a gray-haired man appeared. His square chin and well-defined features gave him the look of authority. Although over three thousand years old, Altor still had the strength and appeal of a man much younger in age. Kalin just wished his own black hair wouldnt gray; only nine hundred years more and the white would begin. He sighed. 
Thats way too soon, he thought.
Ah, my son, finally, said Altor, his deep voice carrying throughout the bridge. Ive been trying to reach you for over a week now. How are you?
Im fine, thank you. Deep space is hard on communications. Hows Mother? Disa?
They are fine. I wanted you here for the historic event, but alas, it has already started.
Uneasiness rippled through Kalin. What event?
Two days ago your cousin, Vorkis, began testing his new weather system. I wanted you to see it first-hand.
What? said Kalin, rising to his feet. You allowed him free access to Saleras atmosphere? Dad, have you lost your mind? When are you going to believe me about Vorkis? Hes dangerous. You should banish him from the planet like you did Vurro.
Vurro tried to steal information from our data banks and we caught him, however, Vorkis has always shown the proper respect.
Ive told you many times, Vorkis has left Salera repeatedly. His reputation on the outside is not good.
Nonsense, I will never believe the accusations. Vorkis is family, and besides, he has never lied to me.
And I have? asked Kalin, recalling his anger over previous conversations. Just because I chose a different path doesnt make me the enemy. Youre allowing an evil man to use Saleran technology
Altor raised his hand. Enough! Just come and see his greatness. You will be impressed.
Yeah, Im coming, all right, said Kalin. Somebody has to watch over him because youre not.
Good, said Altor. We look forward to your arrival. End transmission.
Kalin dropped down into his seat not believing what just happened. How could his father have done this? Altor trusted Vorkis more than his own son. Although they were the same age, of the same blood, Vorkis was Kalins opposite, a power-hungry liar and a thief, which Kalin had yet to prove. As a teenager, Vorkis had formed a secret gang that repeatedly stole from Saleras citizens, selling the items to outsiders for a profit. When Kalin told Altor about it, he refused to believe his nephew would do such a thing and dismissed the idea. Therefore, Kalin took it upon himself and had accused Vorkis on several occasions, besting him in the fights, and each time calling him a coward knowing how much it angered him. Vorkis had long ago sworn to kill him. And now Altor had simply handed him all life on Salera.
Vorkis has long been working on your fathers trust, said Marante in his mind. I fear something dreadful is going to happen.
Set a course for Salera, said Kalin. Warp 12.

***

Kalin stood on the balcony of the Krystal Palace overlooking the City of Light, home to thirty million and the capital of his home world, Salera. The light of the three suns sparkled against the colorful odd-shaped buildings spread across the city, where giant Gebin Trees shadowed the streets and homes with their red and yellow foliage. To his right was the Great Hall of Knowledge with the tops of its forty towering buildings passing the clouds, some rising thirty miles into the atmosphere. There was no doubt in his mind: He was proud of Salera and his people.
He tugged at his collar. The gem-encrusted white tunic fit but it was heavy and tight around the neck. The mirror in the Quasar had reflected a tall, broad, snobby-looking guy with a red sash and gold sword. He hated royal attire. Give him everyday normal clothes and he was happy, not this fruity stuff that made him look like a sweet cake. He sighed. Royal life was irritating at times and there was nothing he could do to change it.
Kalin! shouted a mousy voice.
He turned just in time to catch Disa in his arms.
Hey, princess, he said, squeezing her tight.
Her long, black hair, rosy cheeks, and bright blue eyes made her the most beautiful four-year-old Kalin had ever seen. His father, King Altor, was standing behind her with a smile.
Daddy, this is my time with Kalin, said Disa. Your time is later. She began hugging and kissing Kalin.
Did you hear her? said Altor. I get more respect from Offi the dog.
What can I say? said Kalin. She loves me. He turned to Disa. Booger kiss.
Disa giggled and rubbed noses with him.
I brought you something, he said, putting her down and sensing her excitement over the gift. He pulled from his black pants pocket a gold locket on a chain and slipped it over Disas head. Open it, he said, squatting beside her.
When Disa opened the pendant, a three-dimensional hologram of Kalin rose up from its center. The colorful image said, Hi, Disa. I brought you this so youll always remember how much I love you. Disas smile could not have been any wider.
Altor crouched down, studying the locket. It is magnificent, he said. The holo is perfect in every dimension. Whats the energy source?
Marante and I rescued the daughter of King Renar of Kern, said Kalin. He was so grateful he offered me this locket. The sliver of Pril taken from the grain will power the locket for at least a thousand years.
He truly was grateful, said Altor, standing up. Only a handful of civilizations have been honored with a few grains for study, yet Renar wasted a precious slice on something so trivial. How foolish.
Its not foolish, Daddy, said Disa with an attitude. Its mine and its beautiful.
Yes, of course, said Altor, smiling as he patted her head. My apologies. Now I must discuss something with your brother. Can you spare the time from him? It is very important and after all, I am King.
Okay, said Disa. But you be nice to him.
Im always nice to my son, said Altor solemnly as Disa skipped away.
No, youre not, she said from the steps where she sat, her back to them. And dont make fun of Offi.
She is showing signs of rebelliousness like you, said Altor. But alas, she is the light of my heart.
Kalin smiled. Mine too. Now why in the world did you allow Vorkis to tamper with our atmosphere?
Because this will allow us to control the weather, a remarkable achievement that I am most proud of.
Dad, I know for a fact the Federation has assigned him to search for more Pril and....
There was a tug on Kalins leg. 
Kalin, help me! cried Disa.
He caught her before she hit the floor. Altor doubled over with a deep groan and fell. His eyes rolled back in his head and he began convulsing. Disas skin began to crack open, blood oozing from the open cuts. Her bright blue eyes were now blood red. White foam bubbled from her mouth. Her long black hair was falling out in clumps.
She was decaying before his eyes.
Help! cried Kalin, not knowing what to do.
Altor started spurting blood from his mouth; his skin turned a brownish-red and split open in numerous places.
Kalin, make it stop, please! cried Disa.
Disa, he whimpered, her small body now listless in his arms. Help me! he screamed.
She reached for his face and gently touched his cheek. Kalin took her small hand, staring in horror as it detached from her arm, spattering blood across his face. She closed her eyes and stopped breathing. Kalin dropped her, frozen in shock. Then, realizing she was gone, he clutched her close to his chest, sobbing. There was a popping sound and her left arm thumped on the floor. His stomach roiled and he released her, her handless right arm snapping off as she hit the ground.
Im sorry, Disa, he whispered through tears, not knowing where to touch her. Im so sorry.
She was unrecognizable. His father lay still facing him, one eye wide open, the other on the floor. It was then he heard the screams.
He struggled to his feet, realizing all strength had left him and he could barely stand. With wobbling legs he stood at the wall of the balcony, overlooking the City of Light. Thousands of agonizing cries filled the air.
His world was dying.


CHAPTER 2
Kalin

SIX MONTHS LATER...

She was four years old and frightened, running down the hill whimpering, trying not to fall. Behind her, the dark shadow raced along the grass, a malefic black hand hurrying to capture its prey.
Run, Disa! shouted Kalin, dashing up the hill, stumbling and slipping on the wet grass.
Its too fast! cried Disa, her black bangs soaked with sweat.
Dont stop running! he yelled.
He couldnt let it get her. She was helpless against the beast. His heart nearly stopped when he saw her trip and fall facedown. She sat up crying, a stream of blood running down her forehead. The slithering black hand rose in the air above Disas head. She screamed as its clawed fingers swooped down, engulfing her small body. Its slimy tendrils were forcing their way into her open orifices. He could hear her gurgling and choking as they pushed downward into her throat.
Kalin dove into the air and onto the two, rolling, tearing off chunks of the creature, desperate to save his little sister. As he flung the black slime, it shrilled and scurried back to her, digging into her skin, sucking out what life she had left. He ripped off the piece burrowing into her left arm and froze. He was holding her detached appendage....
No!
Kalin sat up in bed trembling, covered in a cold sweat. He took several deep breaths and darted a glance around the room. It was dark and quiet, lit only by the panel lights on the ebony desk around the corner from his bed. Nothing had changed in the multi-level cabin. He was on his ship, the Quasar.
Another nightmare, he thought. The fourth one this week.
He threw the covers aside and sat on the edge of the bed. At the far end of the room, a man-sized domed window extended into space. A blanket of stars twinkled outside, but they were no comfort tonight. He shivered as he recalled the cold, slimy feel of Disas skin, something hed been trying to forget. He swung his legs off the bed and got up with a groan. The dreams were always exhausting. He made his way across the open room, passing the lower levels filled with couches, tables, and assorted artifacts from the planets hed visited. He entered the bathroom then winced when the lights automatically came on. A stark, unbroken white covered three walls from floor to ceiling where a flowing mural of sea life offered some relief. The fourth wall was mirrored with a small stainless steel basin and several clear shelves containing towels and assorted bath items. It was to this one that he went, planting his hands on either side of the basin.
Water. Seventy degrees.
The faucet began to spew with a low shhhh. Kalin splashed the cool water on his face, running it through his hair, waiting for his heartbeat to return to normal. Once it had, he leaned forward and peered into the mirror.
Swollen red skin surrounded his eyes; hed been crying in his sleep again. He blinked a few times to clear his vision then stared at himself in disbelief. Before him was a sickly-looking man. His face was pale and drawn. His black hair stood on end. His eyes were so bloodshot they no longer looked green.
This is killing me, he thought, pulling down his bottom eyelid with his finger. I have to find him.
He ran his hands down his chest, felt the jutting of his ribs from forty pounds of lost flesh, and realized how little he now reflected his Saleran-human traits. No wonder his women friends felt sorry for him. There was nothing human left of him. His emotions had been replaced by a great black void. His mental capabilities had long since begun to flag from the exertion of maintaining appearances, and now even his body had begun to fail him.
I look like the walking dead.
The doorbell sounded.
Come in, Marante, he said, grateful for his telepathy. It had saved him in the past; now, he thought, he needed it more than ever.
Marante walked in with a clear tubular glass in each of his eight-fingered hands. Eyeing him from the bathroom, Kalin felt a little better about his weight loss. Marantes nose was white and twice its normal size.
Great, thought Kalin. Somethings up.
He snatched a towel and went to the steps leading down to the sofa and chairs. His loose black pants were damp with sweat, so he sank onto one of the steps. 
Im getting tired of them, he said as he dried his face and hair.
Yes, I know, said Marante in his smooth accent.
Marante waited until hed flung the towel around his bare shoulders, then handed him a glass. Kalin took it, no longer noticing the large intrusive hands.
Lyu? Kalin asked, eyeing the green liquor. Lyu was the best drink in the galaxy, and the most expensive.
I thought you could use it. Marante turned and walked down the three steps to the lower level then sat on the couch.
I could have used Ilya. But, Kalin added morosely, shes at one of her Nentran Rituals.
There is something about her I cannot place, Marante said with a frown. She has a way of blocking my telepathy.
Kalin sipped the sweet drink, savoring the cool mint. Good thing. I dont want you seeing what we do.
Marantes nose instantly turned green and shrank to pea size. Kalin couldnt help but smile watching it change.
Wonderful. Marante scrunched up his face and set his drink on the glass table in front of him. Thank you for making me sick. How could you sleep with a woman who enjoys the company of animals?
Kalin drained his glass. Marante always knew how to calm him. 
Its what her kind does. The absorption of the Henual cells from the animals sperm is necessary for their lungs to function properly. To them, its natural. To you, repulsive. It doesnt bother me as long as she does a bioscan, which, by the way, is also part of the ritual. She isnt infectious.
I can deal with your variety of self-absorbed women, but a Ttress is difficult to accept.
Wimp.
At least she is more intelligent than the flighty doughballs you usually associate with - BBs  Brainless Beauties. As the crowned Prince of Salera, you could have women of higher stature.
Kalin sneered. Loose women, or Kelfins, were his preference, though his father had disapproved. 
Im attracted to women who are less fortunate, he said, ending the discussion. Theyd had it many times and it always culminated in yelling. He didnt have the energy for it this early in the morning. The point is I cant keep living this way. Any news on Vorkis?
Marante hesitated.
Here it comes, thought Kalin.
We intercepted another message from the Federation. Apparently Vorkis managed to conceal a location to a large quantity of Pril. 
I knew it! The Federation didnt believe me about Vorkis. If only my father had listened, he would be alive today.
I blame Saleras Code of Ethilia, said Marante. Those laws have been strictly upheld for over five thousand years, and it was the primary code of forbidding association or activity outside the planet that destroyed Salera. Saleran-humans were unable to develop the antibodies necessary to fight the virus Vorkis sprayed into the atmosphere. Your body fought it and won. You are living proof that Code should never have been followed.
Kalin leaned his head back and closed his eyes. He could still hear Disas pleas. Tears welled in his eyes. There seemed to be no end to the crying.
Your sorrow will ease with time, Marante told him silently.
No, it wont, Kalin said aloud. This is forever. He held his breath for a second, reorganizing his thoughts. What else did you find?
The Federation discovered Vorkis base on a planet called Draka in the Nebis System. He was not there but ten Xeon Diffusers were being assembled by Zorcons.
Xeon Diffusers? Thats ancient technology. He must have stolen them from a Ritan freighter.
I agree, but there is something else. Marante leaned forward in his seat. Kalin, Vorkis is on Earth.
Kalin couldnt believe his ears. He jumped to his feet and threw up his arms, sending his glass flying across the room. Finally! Then he paused. ...Did you say Earth? In the Stargas System?
Marante nodded. Yes, the one whose theater you enjoy so much. Its core has an extremely high concentration of Pril.
Kalin tossed his towel on the couch next to Marante. Set a course for Earth. Its time for Vorkis to pay. 
Marante didnt rise. Captain Vurro has been assigned to the mission; he is on his way there now.
Vurro, that thief?
You were not to be told. The Federation is concerned for your safety and for the future of Salera.
Now theyre concerned? scoffed Kalin. They knew Vorkis had a secret lab and did nothing. They knew he was collecting pathogens and did nothing. If they had told my father in time, he and thirty billion other people would still be alive. Now theyre sending a moron who was banished from my planet for thievery to find the man who murdered my people. Next to Vorkis, theyre to blame for the extermination of my race. No, theyve lost my trust forever.
Your logic is correct, said Marante. Unfortunately, Ilya was the last to use the Comscan and she mistakenly left the Ruode Wave setting too high. The Federation detected our scan. Councilman Lozari was not at all surprised and assured me no criminal action would be taken considering the circumstances, but he did insist you stay clear of Vurros mission. They are firm in their decision.
Kalin remembered the first time he left Salera to assist the Federation. It was over five hundred years ago; hed been a mere ninety-two, young in Saleran society. His father had insisted he remain on the planet, but Kalins desire to help people was stronger than his fathers will. With the Quasar, Kalin had successfully completed hundreds of missions for the Federation, yet they hadnt cared enough to save his world. He became so enraged with the discovery of their knowledge of Vorkis secret laboratory that he personally went to the Ravion System, forced his way into their Council Chamber and angrily withdrew Salera from the Federation, swearing never again to help them.
Im done with them, said Kalin. 
Silence fell over the room. Kalin sensed Marante couldnt accept the possibility of his friend dying but he had to make him understand. 
I want him dead, he said. I want to see the last ounce of life leave his eyes and feel his last breath on my face. He gritted his teeth. I want him to beg for his life.
Marante sat forward, his elbows on his knees. I know what you want. I would want the same, however, I would have to consider the lives of my people. Salera is depending on you for survival. It is your responsibility to bring her back to life.
Its too late. My race became extinct when he killed the last female.
I do not agree. Marantes tone went up an octave. This universe is enormous, filled with an assortment of life forms we have not yet contacted. We will eventually encounter a species capable of gestating a Saleran-human. This is a certainty.
Kalin shook his head in disgust and turned away. He walked to the bubble window and stood in the glass dome where twinkling stars surrounded him.
Remember our last encounter with Vurro? he asked, staring at a distant comet. I had to beat him unconscious to stop him from killing a small Rajan just because the man wouldnt pick up Vurros garbage. The Rajans put him in jail for seven weeks. I embarrassed him in front of his fiance and he swore to get even. He turned back to Marante. And this is the guy they sent to catch my enemy? Somethings not right.
You must understand; your safety comes first.
Im the only one who can fight Vorkis on equal ground, Kalin insisted. It has to be this way. I cant change it.
Marante came and sat on the white cushioned bench in front of him. Revenge is similar to a caliginous pit filled with dead bones, Kalin, and you are standing at its threshold of darkness. There is no life there, no happiness. Your sorrow will remain until you learn to live for the people that loved you. 
Marante didnt understand. How could he? Not even an empath could feel his emptiness, his deep-rooted pain. He turned back to the stars. I gave an order. Set a course for the Stargas System.
I will not be a part of Saleras destruction.
You will do it or be relieved of your duties.
The reflection on the glass revealed Marantes bright, red nose. He was angry again, but this was no time to be weak.
You would actually relieve me of my duties?
Kalin faced him. If I have to.
Marante vaulted from the bench. My concern is for your well-being and your future, but like always, you are being stubborn and obnoxious. I will set a course for the Stargas System and when you fall flat on your face, I hope I am there to see it.
Marante stormed out of the room. Kalin dropped down on the bench, bent forward and rubbed his face with both hands. A dark pit filled with dead bones. How right he was.
The hatred was so overpowering at times all Kalin could do was think of different ways to kill Vorkis. Hed decided the most satisfying would be to cut out his heart while he was still alive and let him watch it stop pumping as he bled to death.
He went to the desk beside his bed and tapped the surface. Several colorful orbs revealed themselves, and he pulled up the gray cushion hovering in front of the desk. As he sat, the padding grew around his body, forming a high back and armrests. He waved his hand over a blue orb to display a three-dimensional holo star map. A red blinking light moved slowly through it. The Quasar was adjusting her course. Even when Marante was angry, he obeyed orders.
Doubt trickled through him. Was he allowing hatred to consume him? No. If he allowed Vorkis to live, billions more would suffer Saleras fate. Vorkis had to die at any cost and he would make sure it happened. 
He waved his hand through the holo. Tolba.
A Chaslean-human helmsman appeared in the display. It was hard to tell whether Tolba was angry or not. Chaslean-humans were differentiated by the size and shape of their eyes. Tolbas eyes bent slightly upward before meeting at the wrinkled bridge of his nose, which made him appear angry, but beneath the rigid features, Tolba was compassionate. As Marantes cousin, hed become one of the few Kalin could trust with the Quasar. He also followed orders explicitly.
Yes, Captain?
Cloak us and set the scanners to locate Captain Vurros ship, the Arliss.
Aye, Sir.
Kalin sat back and noticed the white, jewel-encrusted handle of his Norin Blade levitating vertically on the corner of the desk. The organic weapon never lay flat, but always upended; why, he didnt know. He took the bladeless handle and felt it widen inside his palm, a perfect fit. Carved into the handle along the edge were the words of a language not even Saleras high tech could figure out. As he concentrated, small green branches and offshoots began climbing out of the handle, twining and solidifying into a perfect twenty-two-inch-long, razor-sharp silver blade, the largest of its adjustable size. The double edge made it perfect for battle, especially as it could begin cutting three inches away from its target. Nothing like this had ever been invented.
He was fourteen years old the day hed found it in his home on Salera, in a secret chamber hed discovered in the dungeon of the castle. Hed never told his father for fear it would be taken from him. Hed named the blade Norin, meaning stealth killer, because it had saved his life many times. He wished it could save him now. There was a small flash of light and the blade swiftly liquefied into the white handle. He returned it to the desk and waved his hand over a yellow orb. The captured message from the Federation appeared.
Vorkis private army is composed of Zorcons, he thought. The most despicable race in the galaxy. 
Their disgusting habit of cannibalism turned his stomach. The fact that they enjoyed terrorizing their victims before eating them alive made them worse than animals. Hed stopped countless rebel Zorcon ships from kidnapping humans.
He rested back in the gray chair, feeling the warm cushion adjust to the shift of his body. His muscles relaxed and he snuggled in. This was home. The Quasar was over ten miles in diameter, a masterpiece of technology yet to be duplicated, and Saleras pride. The silver sphere was biogenic, able to repair itself instantly. It could alter its shape for battle and speed and came equipped with a REM IV, one of the few Saleran creations released to the Federation. The REM, short for ReFormer, could alter inanimate matter at the molecular level. On ships, it could cloak and shield; on planets, it altered the shape of rock and liquid, producing pressurized tunnels for mining. Many of the Quasars weapons had never been used, because against such a ship fear overwhelmed all.
Since human nature was to misuse power, only a handful of the Quasars secrets had been revealed, a command ordered by Kalins father, King Altor, and one of the few Kalin agreed with. Unlike Salera, the Quasar was home to a variety of life forms who adhered to Saleras peaceful laws. These close friends volunteered to assist with the Quasars operation and maintenance.
Within the holo was a revolving globe of Earth, a beautiful blue ball with brown terrain and puffy white clouds. It was one of his favorite planets and hed visited hundreds of times. Although  their slang  of  Tislun  was at times difficult, basically, it was easy to use. But most important, Earth-human females were voluptuous and very accommodating.
Little did the small planet of primitives know how valuable theyd become to the Federation. They carried within their world the rarest and most powerful source of energy the universe had ever known. Never before had this quantity of Pril been found, and he was sure the Federation was elated with its discovery. They just hadnt planned on Vorkis betraying them. Nevertheless, they would excavate all the Pril without telling the Earth-humans. To put it simply, they were planning to steal the Pril like common thieves.
The Federation only accepted into their membership societies with a high level of peace, integrating their knowledge and military capabilities into the larger whole. Theyd become so powerful that many worlds had changed their ways just to come under their protection. Was Earth ever given the chance to change? Earth-humans didnt know of the Federations existence. Because of their ignorance and volatility, they went ignored and unassisted, yet now their world would be raped. That was why his father felt as he had about the Federation, and why hed allowed them only limited access to Saleran technology.
Kalin felt a stab of guilt. Am I any better than the Federation? Will I allow Earth to be destroyed just to kill Vorkis?
The loss of Earth-human lives would be inconsequential compared to the number of lives saved. He was justified in his reasoning. He tapped the orb and stood up. It was time to dress and head to the bridge.

***

Kalin sat in the captains chair on the main level of the bridge, where twenty crewmembers monitored the ship using holos at their assigned stations. Before him was the giant viewing screen and to his left was the main console, where Marante and Tolba were carefully manipulating their holos.
Captain, the Arliss is less than twenty clicks away, said Tolba.
Stop all engines and hail Vurro. Ill take it in the Overview.
Aye, sir.
As Kalin walked across the bridge, he could feel Marantes gaze on him. He was careful not to reveal any thoughts or emotions; Marantes empathic abilities were powerful.
At the far side of the bridge, two silver-colored sliding doors opened and he entered an oval, beige room where several revolving holo pictures of his family rotated on the walls. He sat on the black cushion behind the desk. Off to the side and slowly spinning on a thin beam of yellow light was a rare blue Credite stone, the hardest ore known to man. Twenty years ago, it had plowed through Saleras planetary shield and gouged a hole in an orbiting platform. His father had tossed him the stone and told him his head was harder than Credite.
He tapped the desk and eight pastel orbs rose up. He waved his hand over the blue one and a holo appeared, displaying a dark oblong vessel motionless in space. The holo flickered and the upper half of a Setrellan-human appeared.
Vurro was a lizard-like creature with massive muscles and blue skin pebbled with thousands of white heads. He enjoyed flaunting his abrasive appearance and consequently exposed as much skin as possible. Today he was wearing only two, wide brown leather straps crisscrossed over his tightly packed torso.
This pimple needs popping, thought Kalin.
Several times, he remembered with a smile, hed punched Vurros elongated snout, knocking out a few teeth. Unfortunately, they always grew back. Why the Federation picked such a wart to be Captain of the Galactic Guard was one of the true mysteries of the universe.
Vurro, its good to see you, he lied.
Im happy not to say the same, replied Vurro in his grating voice.
Kalin grinned. Hows your jaw? Did your new wife divorce you yet?
Vurro growled like an animal and dug his hefty four-inch claws into the armrests of his seat. Strings of saliva dangled from his quivering lips, a sure sign he was pissed. His glowing yellow eyes squeezed into bright slits and his blue skin began to darken. Kalins grin widened.
I havent forgotten your insolence, said Vurro. The Rajan prison was filthy and because of you Ive been banned from their airspace. This mission is mine, Saleran. Ive been given it because you are weak.
Kalin slyly waved his hand over the pale green orb. Lets lay this out. Vorkis is the most powerful criminal in the galaxy. You and I both know if you confront him, you wont survive. His Xevniors could fry you in a heartbeat. You have some good people on your ship. If you value their lives, youll leave now and let me handle this.
Vurro let out a deep, raspy laugh. Give up, Saleran. You should have died with your people.
Kalins smile left his face. How many times he wished it had happened! If not for Marantes empathic abilities pulling him back from the brink of suicide, it might have. Vurro had not one ounce of compassion. Kalin longed to punch that snout again.
With strict control of his emotions, his tone remained the same. Has your relationship with the Rajans improved any?
Vurro eyed him strangely. Theyre little specks of dung. 
Kalin nodded, cautiously waving his hand over the same orb again. Well, Vurro, I hope you enjoy the ride. Try not to let the little specks hurt you too much. Good-bye.
A holo rose up from the green orb displaying the Arliss. Kalin watched a cloud of twinkling blue dust burst from the Quasar and zoom towards the other ship.
What are you doingshields up! yelled Vurro.
Instantly, the blue particles surrounded the vessel. Vurros glowing yellow eyes widened to saucer size. Kalin couldnt help a wicked smile. Static filled the holo, overcoming Vurros obscenities. With a booming suction sound and a flash of light, the Arliss was gone.
Marante came running into the room. How could you? he said, his red nose now the size of a golf ball.
Kalin adjusted himself in his seat. Dont worry, theyre okay. Hell be in Rajan space soon. Their chances of surviving Vorkis were close to nothing.
He was on a Federation mission, Marante said firmly. You will be court-martialed and imprisoned.
I said no one was going to stop me. Especially not him.
Do you not understand? demanded Marante. You will have destroyed the peace your people have worked so hard to achieve. Your race was a beacon in this galaxy, a tribute to humankind. In doing this you desecrate everything Salera represented. You have become an uncontrollable storm that may finalize Saleras destruction.
After a pause, Kalin said, Im not killing Salera. She did that herself. Because of her trust, a vicious criminal was allowed access to her inner secrets and created the most lethal biological weapon in history. Anyway, its done. Vurro is out of the way.
He tapped a pink orb. Ignoring Marantes obvious disapproval, Kalin read the Federation message scrolling in the holo. After a moment, he looked up. 
Vorkis used REMs to form a planet tunnel and created an elaborate complex, he said. Can you imagine Pril in the hands of a psychopathic killer?
Not a good thought, Marante said reluctantly. Do you think he is capable of breaking through Saleras planet shield?
Yes, but hell need time and he wont have that with me alive. Before I left Salera, I had a cranial implant of all the new technology. During the download, I discovered he stole the plans to make a Borit Reactor. Apparently, he did this while the virus was killing everyone. He must have had inside help.
What is a Borit Reactor?
Its a machine about the size of this desk and with only three ounces of Pril, it can annihilate a planet.
Marantes black eyes opened wide. What are you saying?
Kalin clasped his hands together on the desk and fixed his gaze on Marante. With me out of the way, who would be able to stop him from taking over the Federation? When he escaped, I changed the Quaren attributes of Saleras planet shield, but hed eventually find a way through. Add together Saleras science, unlimited amounts of Pril, the most evil man in history, and you have the end of peace as we know it.
Marantes nose turned white with worry. I hope you are wrong.
Kalin sat back. I hope I am too. But I dont think so.
All the more reason you should leave this assignment to someone else, said Marante. We need you alive to defend Salera.
Kalin banged his fist on the desk. When are you going to get it? Vorkis dies by my hand and no one elses! This is something I have to do.
Marante folded his arms across his chest. Now you listen to me, you stubborn jackass. Aside from the enormous strength you both possess, Vorkis is a Master of Uru. He has no conscience. I have calculated there is a seventy-five percent chance he will kill you. This is unacceptable.
Unacceptable or not, Im the only one who can withstand his attacks. Including the Uru.
Marante stood and slammed his hands on the desk, hovering in front of Kalin. Really? And how will you fight him when your head is sitting on the floor beside you? Uru fighters are vicious and inhuman. Their aim is to maim and mutilate. The trauma has sapped your strength, my friend; you have weakened considerably. You are not your former self.
Kalin pushed himself out of the chair, grabbed the Credite stone and squeezed. The stone began to crack and splinter, chunks falling to the table.
Just because I look sickly doesnt mean I dont have strength.
Marantes mouth dropped open as he slowly straightened up. Kalin glanced down at the holo, trying to ignore the excruciating pain in his hand.
Earth is experiencing atmospheric and geological turmoil. The end has begun. Well need to set up Deltrons. Twelve of them should stabilize the core.
Marante sat down to study the holo. Kalin sensed his apprehension.
Do you honestly think Vurros first task would be to save the Earth-humans? he asked. Theyre primitives. His main mission is to capture Vorkis. If Earth blows up, so be it. He has no compassion.
I suppose you are right, Marante said finally. His long arm easily stretched across the desk and tapped the green orb. A list of data appeared in the risen holo. There is something else you must know. Rumor has it Vorkis may have a child.
Kalin held his breath, shocked by the words. What? How? Who told you that?
First Science Officer Gildrad from the Arliss, answered Marante. It is probably a lie, said to deceive us.
Well, it cant be right, said Kalin, and Im not going to concern myself with idiocy. Whats our ETA to the Stargas Sector?
Eighty-six hours, Captain, replied Marante. At Warp 12, we will reach Earth two months into their future. Approximately ten hours will remain until implosion after we arrive. Not a long time I might add. What are your orders?
Kalin walked around the desk and sat on its edge, facing Marante. I want all families off the ship. Ask for volunteers and inform them the Federation is going to come after me full force. Therell be no turning back so they must be certain of their decision.
Marante nodded and rose out of his chair. Halfway to the door, he paused. Perhaps your life-mate awaits you on Earth.
I doubt it, Kalin said. Besides, Im not interested in a life-mate. I just want Vorkis.
Still selfish. How sad.
Kalin watched Marante leave through the sliding doors, wondering if that had been a joke. Was he letting vengeance get the best of him? Could he live a somewhat normal life if he didnt pursue Vorkis? Then Disas violent death flashed through his mind. There was no choice.
Marantes voice blasted in his head. By the way, shall I inform Bobbi, or should I say Robert, of our arrival on his planet? I am sure he will be anxious to see you.
Kalin nearly fell off the edge of the desk. You scared the piss out of me! he answered in his mind. I hate when you do that without some kind of warning. If you so much as whisper to that guy, I swear, theyll never find your body.
The sound of Marantes laughter faded away and he settled back down on the desk. He picked up a piece of the Credite and moved it between his fingers, feeling its hard surface and admiring the shiny brilliance of the blue stone. The Federation was like Credite, beautiful on the outside but deadly in its determination. Would they salvage every ounce of Pril and possibly put the planet in jeopardy? If so, would they safely relocate its people to another world? Or would they let them all perish, saying a rogue asteroid destroyed the planet? Their laws of segregation suggested the asteroid story was more likely. He sighed, feeling the heavy sadness of guilt because only one thing was certain; nothing would get in the way of his killing Vorkis.
Not even Earth.


CHAPTER 3
Jiro, Rina

JULY 1, 2043:INDIAN OCEAN
SUNDA TRENCH: MAXIMUM DEPTH 25,440 FT.

Captain Jiro of the fishing boat, Toki, was a fourth-generation Sundanese angler who took pride in his familys heritage. The Toki was named after his father, a humble man honored throughout the fishing community for his generosity and skill.
Today, the Sunda Trench was proving fertile. Already twenty thousand pounds of fish had been secured. His five men were working hard with the recent catch. He would be sure to give them good bonuses.
He raised his face and eyed the lookout perch thirty feet up on the sturdy mast supported by six fine steel cables. A stiff ocean breeze grazed the dark, weathered skin of his face, and he quickly inhaled the fresh air. The sea was where he found a peace surpassed only by the thought of his family. He took their picture from his tan shirt pocket. His wife and two small children were his most prized possessions, his reason for living.
Captain! yelled a frightened crewman, pointing to the east.
Less than a mile away, the water churned and bubbled as if something were coming up from below. Jiro quickly manned his binoculars and studied the phenomenon. Suddenly, a deafening explosion shook the Toki. The force slammed Jiros back into the mainmast. He watched thousands of smoldering boulders blast from the turbulent seas; meteors with tails of steam and water that rose so high they seemed to touch the clouds. His mouth gaped when the glow of ash and fire transformed the clear blue sky into a burnt-orange flame. Hundreds of fireballs were screeching down towards them like missiles. 
Take cover! he shouted.
The crew scattered, looking for places to hide. A boulder the size of a basketball hit the mainmast, shattering it to pieces. The steel cables snapped and sliced through the air like knives, cutting three crewmen in half. Jiro dove towards the bridge, just missing the onslaught of wooden shards shooting into the deck. He heard the terrified shouts of his men and used the window rim of the bridge to pull himself up. What he saw stopped his breathing. The wall of the trench had risen, creating a huge waterfall as far as the eye could see. Millions of gallons of water ran into the open sea floor. Jiros knees began to knock. His body trembled. He stood in a puddle of urine. There was nowhere to run.
The trench wall dropped with a thunderous boom causing a tremendous vacuum, pulling the remaining men off the ship to their deaths. Jiro desperately held onto the broken window rim, his face pinched tight to the pain in his head, hoping his eardrums wouldnt burst. When he opened his eyes, a three-hundred-foot tsunami was coming his way. He had maybe two minutes.
Jiro ran into the bridge and spun the wheel, steering the Toki into the wave. As he fought to hold the wheel in place, his thoughts turned to his men. All had perished, yet there was no time to mourn. The engines grumbled and choked as the propellers bobbed in and out of the raging sea. No matter how hard the bilge pumps worked, Jiro knew his ship was sinking.
The wave reached the Toki with a roar, sending the bow of the vessel surging upward. The engines whined and bucked, straining to climb the enormous wave. His gaze went up the towering black wall of water.
This is the devil, he thought.
The curl of the furious wave smothered the small boat, tumbling it over backwards. Water rushed into the bridge, bashing Jiros body against the rear wall. Within seconds, the bridge filled with water. Jiro held his breath, and his thoughts.
The Toki was foundering bottom side up; its bow slowly began tilting downward, toward the abyss. It squealed and moaned like a dying animal. Jiro peered into the dark water below and saw a fiery light. He was directly over the Sunda Trench. Another round of missiles was coming his way. There was no escape.
Plucked from his pocket, the photo of his wife and children drifted in front of him. He grabbed it and swam to the helm. With one arm hooked through the wheel, he palmed the picture. He would be with them forever. He tenderly kissed the photograph and put it to his chest. Then he closed his eyes and pushed the air from his lungs until there was no more.

OCEANIC SEISMIC RESEARCH INSTITUTE (OSRI) 
INDIALANTIC, FLORIDA

What the said Dr. Rina Young tapping the Enter key, wondering why her computer monitor just went black. Another glitch, she thought. Shed give it two minutes then restart.
She rested back in her brown leather chair and looked around the MCC, the Main Control Center of OSRI. The totally black room was cool, comfortable and lighted only by the four giant LED screens set into the far wall. Her station was on the bottom floor with the five other working terminals and next to the stairs leading up to the only exit. The room was empty except for her; most of the scientists were at lunch. Her father said she was a workaholic, but it wasnt that at all. She just loved geology. This was her favorite place away from home and she spent many nights working here. Her gaze went around the room. They had power because the lights were still on. 
Could the system have crashed? Possibly, she thought and tapped several keys, hoping to get a response. Nothing.
She remembered when the San Andreas fault erupted in 2039, nearly leveling the entire West Coast, including their headquarters. It was a mess. Broken seismographs, caved-in ceilings, and so many scattered papers it was weeks before they found the floor. Shed suggested to her father that with all the advancements in telecommunications, it wasnt necessary for any main base to be within a seismic zone, so theyd moved to Florida, a virtually non-active area. OSRI was the first five-story building supposedly able to withstand a category 5 hurricane, incorporating a design similar to earthquake-resistant structures.
This recent 7.8 earthquake in the Pacific Ocean was south of Guam, and in the Mariana Trench. Carved within this dark crevasse lay the deepest crack in the planet, the Challenger Deep. At over thirty-five thousand feet deep, it rivaled Mt. Everest by a mile. She had to examine its dynamics. Depending on the kind of shift, the quake could generate tsunamis. Just before the computer blacked out, the USGS had sent her a message saying they had picked it up and would inform the necessary authorities if need be.
The four LED displays on the far wall blinked on, and different satellite views of the eastern side of the Indian Ocean appeared. She sat up straight.
The Sunda Trench?
The same picture came up on her computer monitor. The satellite imagery showed a tsunami overtake a small ship and continue forward without losing momentum.
Tsunamis dont happen over open water, she said aloud, perplexed at the sight. What is that?
She leaned closer to the monitor. Visible above the area was a thick cloud of smoke. Could there be some type of military testing going on? Rows of data scrolled on the left side of the screen.
11.8? A mega-quake?
The reading had to be wrong. According to the theory of plate tectonics, the Earths crust was divided into slabs of rock called plates that floated over a thick river of plastic-like magma, and the Sunda Trench was a result of the Indo-Australian plate pushing itself under the Burma plate. However, in order for a quake this size to happen, a crack would have to surround the whole planet, and that didnt exist.
This cant be right, she thought.
The door at the top of the steps was flung open and her father, Justin, came running down the forty black-carpeted steps.
What happened? He was still breathing evenly, a true fitness freak.
According to this, said Rina, whisking back her long black hair, the India plate rammed itself under the Burma plate like a bullet bursting from a gun. A vast amount of energy was released and the computer says theres an eighty-three percent chance this shift will cause a reaction in the other plates.
Thats impossible, he said, leaning over her. Her nose wrinkled as she caught a whiff of his Stetson cologne, her favorite.
One subduction zone cant do this, he said. The reading must be wrong.
I agree, but thats what the data is saying. She took a deep breath and said the worst words her father could hear. I need to get into a satellite.
Justin shook his head. Absolutely not. You know the repercussions.
A few months ago, hacking into satellites and downloading the information she needed was simple, but now with the threat of jail time, shed stopped. If it werent for Justin being the Administrator of OSRI and having friends in high circles, the Secretary of Defense, General Theodore Bauman, would have made sure she remained in a dark prison for the rest of her life.
Part of the release agreement was that she hand over her hacking program she called Jordy. He was among the elite of programs, something she developed only for the satellites. But his basic commands could be easily altered to add or remove items from a victims computer, an invisible worm whose presence could not be detected, at least not by anyone else. To prevent anyone from having it, shed given them a placebo, the failed prototype of Jordy. Not even her father knew.
If you want me to find out how this is going to impact the other plates, I need to access the SDL over the Sunda, she said. Its the only way, Dad.
Her father didnt answer. The Seismic Depth Locator was his invention, a monumental stride in technology with an amazing seventy percent successful rate in predicting earthquakes. Every ocean trench had one floating above it and she needed the orbiting satellite, Gemstar II, to get the information concerning the Sunda.
Her desk phone rang. Rina recognized the number and grunted. It was General Bauman. Justin tapped the speaker button.
Mr. Secretary, he said, his concentration still on the monitor. Ill have to get back to you. Right now we have an emergency.
Dont bother, said Bauman, his voice raspy and loud. You will not allow your daughter access to any, I repeat, any of the satellites. You got that, Young?
A heated anger rose up in Rina. Lis
Justin covered her mouth and shook his head. So you know about the quake?
I know everything thats happening.
This shift may affect the other plates. Were going to check all angles.
Just keep your daughter out of the satellites. A click ended the conversion.
Justin released her mouth. Can you not irritate him now? We have more important things to do.
Hes a snake and you know it, said Rina. Why was he so quick to make the call? The quake isnt even five minutes old. Hes got eyes on us.
Im sure he does, said Justin, but right now, I dont care. My concern is for what just happened, so lets stay focused.
She faced the monitor again, trying to push the creep out of her mind, but her emotions kept rattling on. Bauman was a devious, malicious man who enjoyed power too much, something he couldnt hide from her. Four weeks ago, she was sitting at this very computer when someone hacked in and, before she could turn off her system, theyd stolen the real Jordy. Someone had to know about the fake Jordy. Bauman had an entourage of hacking goons at his command and, unfortunately, she wasnt on to him until then.
Sadly, two weeks later, four senators whod repeatedly opposed Baumans issues were indicted for downloading child pornography. Eventually, they would be cleared of all charges, but the stain would remain, ruining their lives and careers. Her own investigation revealed the hacks had all the traces of Jordy. So, like any good citizen, she took care of the matter. She waited until Bauman broke into her system again, then sent him a virus that spread to all the computers containing Jordys program, blowing their hard drives to smithereens. There was no way any of them survived.
She glanced down at the PDA resting beside the keyboard. The thin red device held all the hacks shed created and downloaded off her system as soon as Jordy was stolen. A wide smile crossed her face. Bauman had lost. She stuffed the PDA into the pocket of her khaki-colored shorts.
Suddenly, seismic alarms began blaring. She hurriedly typed on the keyboard. Hundreds of earthquakes were rumbling across the planet. Africa, Chile, Japan, California, every continent was being affected by the anomaly.
The OSRI building began to shake. A deep rumble grew louder. Rina was momentarily stunned.
This doesnt happen in Florida, she thought. This place is all sand. Were going to sink.
She felt Justin grab her arm and lift her off the seat. We have to go now! he shouted.
They ran up the stairs into the windowed hallway. There was a sharp jerk and the building seemed to bounce. Rina lost her balance and fell into Justin. He pushed her back up on her feet, when suddenly there was a loud snap and the windows shattered. Flying shards raced towards them and they hit the floor for cover. Her father kept his face pressed against the floor as he shouted to her but the deafening roar blocked any sound. Justin grabbed her hand and began pulling her up when chunks of sheetrock came falling down. They stumbled out of the way trying to keep their balance.
From the third story, Rina watched the Atlantic Ocean drive powerful waves inland, smothering everything. Down on the streets, cars swerved off the road. Buildings collapsed like paper cards. Water lines ruptured. Gas mains exploded into plumes of fire.
Just then, the ground movement ceased. All was quiet. The two stood motionless, waiting with their arms out sideways and ready to run again. Nothing happened. Gray dust clouds floated in the hallway. They relaxed.
Are you hurt? asked Justin, gently touching her face. 
She reached up and wiped a trickle of blood off his forehead before it reached his eye. Im okay, she said, eyeing the debris. At least the building held.
Yeah, but nothing else in town did.
The small town of Indialantic had been leveled. The ocean claimed four blocks, stopping less than a fifty yards from OSRI. Palm trees, boats, and broken homes bobbed in the dark water, remnants of a once beautiful beach town. People were wandering about dazed. Power was out everywhere.
Shiro! she said anxiously. She hadnt seen her friend of over seven years since breakfast.
I just talked to him, said Justin. He was down at the generators.
A crackle came from her cell phone and she unclipped it from her shorts.
Its him, she said. I cant believe AT&T is still working. Shiro, she said into the phone, are you all right?
Yeah...wet my pants...fine...okay. The phone went dead.
No service, she said and returned the phone to its holder. She glanced out across the demolished town. We need to find out what happened.
Lets go, said Justin, taking her arm.
They walked back into the MCC. The walls had rippled and cracked open, exposing bunches of banded wires. Scraps of sheetrock lay scattered on the floor. A few chairs were lying on their sides beneath the wall screens, which remained intact. A low hum sounded throughout the building and the lights flickered then came on.
Shiro must have started the generators, said Justin.
They carefully went down the stairs, stepping over broken ceiling tiles. The five computers came to life. The four LED screens lit up the far wall. She picked up her chair and sat at her terminal.
It was a jolt from what just happened, she said. Her fingers zipped across the keyboard. Every single plate is feeling the effect. So far eight thousand earthquakes have registered at over 7.0. She spun her chair around and faced Justin. How could this have happened?
Justin said nothing as he stood with his arms folded across his chest, staring at the wall screens. The door at the top of the steps banged open and Shiro came stomping down, out of shape and winded.
It was a quake, he said, dusting off his black jeans and white tailored shirt in quick motions. Sheetrock dust covered his round face and straight black hair. Is everyone okay? he asked, shaking the gray powder from his hair.
Were fine, said Justin, sitting down at the computer next to Rina. Shiro, get on a terminal. I want a full spectrum analysis of the Sunda and I want to know about aftershocks. Rina, Im punching in my code so youll have access to Gemstar II. Tell me exactly what happened.
They nodded and their computers whizzed into action. Im picking up a news broadcast from Orlando, said Rina. Ill put it on screen four.
A red-haired woman with sharp, delicate features came into view. The broadcast had already begun.
...From WFRT in Orlando. To the best of our knowledge, Orlando has experienced its first real earthquake. We dont know the size of it yet, but we do know there is substantial damage throughout the city. Weve contacted our traffic helicopter flying over International Drive. What youll see is live. Take it, Frank.
The picture changed to a young, spike-haired man in a white shirt and red tie, strapped in and sitting beside the windy, open door of a helicopter, pressing his earpiece tightly to his head.
This is Frank Belco reporting live from the WFRT helicopter flying over International Drive in Orlando. We were up here giving a traffic report when the earth below began shaking. And folks, whats happened is unbelievable. It seems the ground below Wet n Wild has turned to sand.
The camera shifted to the surface. Rina slowly stood up, horrified at the sight. Many of the twisting water slidesthe Blue Niagara, the Black Hole, the Stormhad either toppled over or were leaning at forty-five-degree angles. Both the Surf Lagoon and the Wake Zone, a half-mile-long lake, were empty of water; thousands of gallons had just disappeared, their hard beds now a sandy brown color and simmering like a pot of oatmeal.
In the center of the park, the camera zoomed in on a building-sized mound of sand boiling up like a volcano. Rina judged it to be over five hundred feet in diameter, and growing in height. The camera panned to numerous smaller mounds popping up throughout the softened ground, undulating like thick quicksand.
Im not sure whats happened, said Frank, but I know the park was at full capacity. So where are all the people?
Not a single person was seen.
Its liquefaction, said Rina, hoping someone would refute her.
Get me the mayor of Orlando, said Justin. Everyone within fifteen miles of that park has to be evacuated.
Shiro grabbed a phone and began dialing.
Whats happening now? asked Rina, unable to stop staring at the screen, her stomach in a knot.
The soil beneath the park began to shudder violently. Although the engines of the helicopter drowned out any sounds, something similar to a sonic boom vibrated the air, shaking the flying craft.
Whoa! yelled Frank, who clutched a handle on the sidewall. I sure dont want to do that again. Jack, he said, looking beyond the cameraman. Can we get a little lower? I want to show the folks here what real quicksand looks like.
The helicopter flew down and hovered a few hundred feet above the volcano of sand, its wide-angle lens capturing the rapid deterioration as the sand dispersed itself over most of the park, a thick sludge unable to sustain any weight. The earthen floor was altering its state again.
Somebody tell that idiot to get out of there! shouted Justin.
Suddenly, there was a high-pitched swoosh and within moments, everything sank into a thin liquid like rocks in a glass of water. The helicopter began spinning out of control. Terrified screams from Frank and his crew came through the speakers while the craft swirled about wildly, distorting the picture.
The static sound of a lost image along with a snowy picture filled the wall screen. 
Then there was silence.
The screen flickered a few times before the female reporter came back on, her face pale and her eyes teary.
We dont know what just happened, but we can only hope everyone at Wet n Wild got out safely and Frankshe sniffed back her tearsand his crew are still alive...I cant She broke down crying, covering her face.
The OSRI building trembled for a few seconds, the wall screens wavering as the three held onto their desks. Rina sank down into her seat, her hands shaking as she tapped the keys again. The view on wall screen three changed to encompass all of the United States.
Half of California was under water.


CHAPTER 4
Tanya

Please give this letter to my mother, Brenda Jensen, who lives at the address below.

5943 Laurel St.
Houston, TX 77011

Dear Mom,
Whenever we argued, you made me write letters to express my feelings. That always ticked me off, so I wrote hateful words. I wanted to make you cry, and it worked. I was such an idiot, yet you never once belittled me. As much as those letters hurt you, you always said I was a great writer. So Im writing this now, Mom, my last letter. I wish I could make everything up to you, but if youre reading this, Im already dead.
Im sorry for all the bad things I said to you. Im sorry for hurting you and Im sorry Im not with you now. I wish Id stopped for one moment and seen how much you love me. When I ran away, I thought I knew more about life than you. But all I really know is what you taught me. Never panic in a bad situation. Take what life gives you and deal with it. Well, part of me wants to scream, but I know thatll do no good. No one will hear me.
Kenny and I are hiding in a small cave on the side of Mt. Charleston near Las Vegas, Nevada. Kennys unconscious on the ground next to me. I think he has second- and third-degree burns. Im not sure, because I cant remember the burn pictures they showed us in Health Class. They were disgusting and, like a jerk, I skipped class most of the time. Is Kenny going to die because I cant help him? He doesnt deserve that. Hes wild and he often thinks only of himself, but hes a good man.
After we ran off together, we got married in Las Vegas. Yes, Mom, you have a son-in-law. Like idiots, we used most of our money on a fake ID for me, so we lived in his truck for the first two months but I wont complain. It was my decision.
Kenny finally got a job as a ditch digger. The pay wasnt great, but the first check was enough to buy a tent and a few camping supplies. He works real hard and comes home exhausted. How did you know he drinks a lot?
Anyway, this weekend we decided to pack up the house and hike up to the highest point in southern Nevada, Mt. Charleston. I love hiking. I love nature. But I hate rain, at least when Im stuck in it. Kenny wanted to try the roughest trail, even though he was the one carrying all the big stuff in his enormous backpack. Hes an adventurer, a mountaineer. I guess thats what attracted me to him. He has a zest for life that I couldnt find in younger men.
On the other hand, you taught me to be safe and I guess thats why Im this chronic complainer. Kenny insists grumbling is my favorite pastime. Looking over at him stretched out on the ground, its hard to believe this is all happening. Hes twenty-four years old and too young to die, and looking at the cracks in the stone ceiling, I guess Ill be next. Im scared and I cant stop shaking, but somehow writing this letter to you makes me feel better. Even if you dont get it, I still feel better talking to you. I always have.
You would have been proud of me when I reached the peak of Mt. Charleston, Mom. Its over eleven thousand feet high and the view took my breath away. Kenny said we were seeing over 100 miles away! It was awesome!
Well, the beauty entranced us so much we didnt notice the sky behind us until a clap of thunder almost made my heart stop. It was so loud the whole mountain shook and we almost fell to the ground. My body still aches from the vibration. Ive never seen such thick, black clouds before. The worst thunderclouds in Houston are babies compared to these. A strange purplish tinge around the edges made them look like something out of the X-Files. But Kenny was elated! As a native-born Lveg (Las Vegas person), he was hoping the storm would hit the city. With a rain average of two inches a year, people would be thrilled to have a rainstorm. Only not this one.
It started as a gentle rain; nothing more than soft drops on our heads. I ran screaming like a maniac, holding my backpack over my head because I didnt want my hair to frizz. You know how our hair works, Mom, one ounce of water and its Brillo City. I found this small cave and huddled inside. Kenny tried to coax me out but there was no way. He asked me if I would mind if he went exploring a little more and of course, I gave him my blessing. I wasnt in the mood to get drenched.
The cave Im sitting in is about the size of a small walk-in closet and close to four feet high. The black dirt has a strong earthy odor thats actually kind of refreshing. The cave floor slants downward facing a patch of tall pine trees and past them is a great view of Las Vegas.
I remember looking out at the pine trees with their dark green spindles moving gently in the rain, when suddenly it started pouring. Water droplets had formed around the ceiling cracks and thats when it all began.
I sat at the entrance to the cave worried about Kenny. Hes always daring and I could swear he fears nothing. As I brushed my hair, a flash of light and a thunderous boom scared the wits out of me. Within moments, a gust of wind slammed me back into the cave wall. I was shaken and stunned. My head hurt. I can recall lying on the ground, trying to focus my eyes because I couldnt believe what I was seeing. The pine trees were literally melting away and smoking! Some were on fire! The rain was harder and (youre not going to believe this), DEADLY!!! Each drop of rain was hitting the ground and hissing, sending up small plumes of smoke. I saw it but I couldnt believe it. I crawled back to the entrance and could feel the heat. One drop hit my left hand and I screamed in pain as a burn blister bubbled up.
I remember the horror that swept through me as I thought of Kenny. I kept shouting his name until my throat was raw. I couldnt stop crying because I was sure he was dead. I finally saw him running towards me. He was holding his backpack over his head. He yelled for me to move away from the entrance, then he dove in, bashing against the back wall. I went to help him but my fingers got burned when I touched his drenched body. He told me to stay clear of him, then ripped the sleeping blanket out of its hold and threw the rest of his pack outside. It sizzled under the pouring rain.
Kenny fell flat on his back and thats when I noticed the burns. We were wearing shorts and T-shirts and all his clothes had huge ragged, smoldering holes. Burn blisters covered his exposed skin. Several layers of charred skin had already peeled off his arms, and legs. It looked like someone had cooked him in an oven. Im not sure whether he was shivering or convulsing. I quickly covered him with the sleeping bag and it too began to sizzle. I dont know what to do. I laid down next to him and watched him fall asleep. I cant stop crying.
Its been over six hours and the rain hasnt let up. My watch reads 7p.m. and it should be daylight, but it looks like nighttime outside. Kenny hasnt moved. I can see the vein in his neck pulsing so I know hes still alive, but his breathing is shallow. 
It hurts, Mommy, and I wish so much we were with you right now.
With the trees gone, I have a clear view of Las Vegas. What should be bright lights are now hundreds of fires. Violent explosions are bursting the city apart. Most of the casinos are leveled. All the tall buildings are gone. The clouds blanketing the city have an eerie amber glow, reminding me of an inferno. Everyone must be dead. This rain eats everything. I just watched nine, no; make it fifteen, heavy billows of steam burst from the ground in and around the city. Theyre huge, almost eye-level with me, which makes them at least ten thousand feet high. It reminds me of that super volcano special they had on the Discovery Channel, but Las Vegas doesnt sit over a volcano so it must be something else. Maybe the aquifers? I dont know, but the ground beneath me is shaking and
The city sank! It sank into the valley floor! The earth beneath it crumbled, cracked in all directions, then everything caved inward and slipped into a massive hole. This is unbelievable! Las Vegas is gone. The beautiful city is gone. All those people are dead.
From the far corners of the cave, streams of water are running down from the ceiling and out the entrance of the cave. The cracks in the stone are getting wider. The rain is eating its way through. Im going to wrap this note pad in several plastic bags and between several layers of clothes, then Im going to stuff everything inside my sleeping blanket and roll it up. Hopefully, this will all fit in my backpa
Kenn de! it tok Ke
I dont know how long I was in hysterics and my heart hurts so bad it feels as if it were tore out. Im all alone now and the pain is almost unbearable. A huge piece of stone caved in and it just missed me as I dove away. The water rushed in so fast I couldnt get to Kenny in time and it took him out of the cave. He was dead the moment the rain touched his face. I wont tell you what he looked like when he floated away, but its a memory Ill never forget.
Im crunched up in the far corner trying to stay away from the river of acid rain thats getting closer. My notepad is sitting on the top of my knees, which are pressed against my chest. The acid river is so close that if I straighten my feet, itll eat off the tips of my sneakers. Its hard to write like this so Im going to have to end this letter.
Im sorry for everything. I didnt mean to hurt you when I ran away. Forgive me. 
Im only fifteen, Mommy...Im not supposed to die like this.
Goodbye and Ill love you forever 

Tanya Jensen-Baxter


CHAPTER 5
Rina

TWO MONTHS AFTER THE SUNDA TRENCH MEGA-QUAKE:

Amt.     Cataclysmic Event
9,210:   Hail storms  7,452 softball size within the tropics
406:     Earthquakes - sixteen over 9.0
202:     Tsunamis over sixty feet in height
25:      Acid rain - total devastation of six major Cities worldwide, including
           Beijing, Rome, and Sydney
14:      Category 5 hurricanes/typhoons within three weeks

Look at those numbers on your screen, said Rina, tired of arguing with Shiro on his laptop. Every day that list gets bigger. How could the effects of one earthquake, in one trench, cause the whole planet to self destruct?
I repeat, said Shiro, the Sunda is where it started and thats where well find the answers. Quit arguing with the scientific community. Youll just get yourself in trouble again.
Rina grunted. The laptop was voicing his words aloud and she refused to listen. No one saw the problems like she did.
Another angle, she thought.
The epicenter was over one thousand miles in circumference, she typed, thats an enormous area for one event, so why didnt the SDL pick up any seismic activity in the Sunda before the initial quake? The SDL has never failed us, yet for months prior to the mega-quake, the Sundas activity was only minimal, not showing any signs of a mega-quake. In fact, none of the SDLs over any ocean trench reflected the kind of stress needed to warrant such a tremendous shift in the plates. 
Okay, I cant explain that, replied Shiro, but Im sure, in time, well find the answer. Theres a first time for everything and this phenomenon is definitely a first.
Rina made a loud sigh. He was right. She hated when he was right.
Look, said Shiro, President Larson has ordered OSRI to assist the USGS in solving the Sunda problem and he sent the Secretary of Defense, Rina, he reiterated, the Secretary of Defense, here, to help us and although hes basically taken over the place, he is doing his job. The only thing I dont like is that your father is helpless, and the last thing he needs is for you to be a brat, so just go along with it. Everyone else is obeying orders. Dont be so difficult....
Rina stared at the screen. Shiros words echoed in her ears, far away and distant. The answer given for the Sunda shift was lame. They said the plate zone at the trench had somehow weakened, causing an enormous uplift in the crust, offsetting the other tectonic plates and the magnetic field of the planet. The amount of energy released in the mega-quake was close to one hundred sixty trillion tons of TNT. The thought sent chills down her spine.
So much power lay within the planet, yet its inhabitants are so frail and sometimes stupid.
...I think deep down inside Bauman likes you, continued Shiro. Maybe he knows youre a virgin and wants your body.
She heard that part and her eyes popped wide open. Dont start with me, butthead, I know where you live, she typed, ready to verbally whip him. She was grateful her parents had instilled a strong set of morals; it kept her alive and safe from the mutant form of AIDS that killed two of her friends, Vera and Callie. If they had sent Uncle Payton to help us, I would be okay. Hes an admiral in the Navy and he has more heart. But no, they sent Godzilla with an attitude.
I repeat myself, Baumans the SecDef, dingbat, said Shiro, he makes the call. Got to go. Baumans giving me the evil eye. I think he knows Im talking to you. Bye.
She sat back in her brown leather chair and looked around the MCC. The place was empty. Everyone was at a meeting she wasnt invited to, and for that she was glad. Bauman finally got the hint after she disrupted the meetings with questions he couldnt answer.
She recalled the day he arrived. A barrage of soldiers forced their way into the building, taking positions at every exit on every floor, hoisting their rifles and pistols in clear sight, upsetting many of the local scientists. Her father, Justin, tried to convince Bauman they were on the same side and military tactics werent necessary, but Bauman refused to listen, insisting OSRI was now under military control. Justin had no choice but to relinquish his authority.
At their initial meeting, Bauman told everyone he expected conduct like that of the military, standing at attention and saluting him when he entered a room. She raised her hand and told him shed salute him the day he was elected the President of the United States, but until then, forget it. The comment sent invisible daggers out of Baumans eyes. From then on, he did everything in his power to annoy her, like installing a special three-inch-thick sliding security door in the MCC, where she worked ninety-eight percent of the time. It was bad enough the place felt like a dungeon; now it was a tomb.
The only good that came with him was that now she had some, albeit limited, access to the satellites, something the President approved against Baumans wishes. She shifted in her seat, feeling the rectangular shape of the PDA in her shorts pocket. It never left her side, especially since Baumans arrival. She checked her watch.
Four p.m. and I still havent eaten breakfast.
She tapped a key on her keyboard. Access Error was blinking in bright yellow on her screen. The satellite, Telstar VI, was malfunctioning and not relaying information from the probe over the Mariana Trench. Baumans response had been: Youll get it when the satellites fixed, so can it. He was always in a bad mood.
A dark green sleeve came from behind and plopped an eight-inch-thick computer printout on her desk. Her heart nearly stopped beating from fright. The nasty, old-man cologne told her it was Bauman. She turned to see a tight-lipped man with beady, steel-gray eyes trying to bore holes through her head. His wide, stiff jaw and cratered skin gave him a raw I-could-kill-you look. He demanded perfection from everyone he worked with, a personality flaw Rina loved to irritate.
I told you I would deliver. With his hands clasped behind his back, Bauman rocked back and forth on his feet. Perfectly placed medals sparkled on his dark green jacket.
And not a moment too soon, she said dryly. Shed been waiting almost two weeks for the data.
This is the latest from twenty minutes ago. I hope youre satisfied.
So the satellites repaired? she asked, flipping through the pages.
No, not yet. The satellites programming is difficult and Rick only managed this data by chance. Youre fortunate he got it.
Why not let me have a whack at it? She gazed up at him. His salt and pepper hair was thin on top, with a scant ten strands flipped to the side. He should just go bald. Rick could sit next to me and watch everything I do. I could have it fixed in no time.
Not a chance. We dont allow traitors to access our satellites.
His remark sent ripples of anger from her head down to her toes. She stood up and glared into his eyes, wanting to smack the smirk off his face. 
At least I only used the satellites to study geology, she said. Youre using them to abuse the privacy of others.
His expression went from a smile to a solid glare. If hate could physically attack from someones eyes, she would have been mutilated.
I have no idea what youre talking about.
Her grin widened. I think you do, General, she purred, taking a step closer to him. Youve been a bad boy. How many drives did my virus burn up? It was fun imagining you and your creep squad running around the place with fire extinguishers.
Baumans teeth dug into his bottom lip so hard she was sure it would bleed. He yanked the brown, leather chair out from behind her and kicked it hard. It flew across the room, crashing beneath the wall screens. She didnt flinch.
Another temper tantrum. This was a common occurrence with Bauman. Yesterday, a computer monitor sprouted wings after she told him he was a pathetic little worm. She knew it was dangerous to provoke him but it was almost impossible not to.
She glanced at the helpless chair lying on its side. I see you didnt take your pills. Maybe they should make them chewable.
Bauman's face went bright red. He clenched his thick fists in an effort to quell his tremors. If you werent his daughter, Id ....
Youd what? Her voice was stone cold.
This isnt over, he ground out, then stormed out of the room.
Another days work, she thought, grinning wide. She pulled another chair over and sat down.
The phone rang and she tapped the speaker button. Speak.
Its me, Dad. Im on my way to the International Peace Conference. Behave yourself and dont aggravate the General.
No problem, she said, eyeing the chair. Tell me something, why did they pick Memphis to hold the most important conference of the century? Its the first time in history every leader of every country will be gathered together in one place, and they pick the center of hick town?
Beats me, answered Justin. Bauman picked the site. He said it was the safest and easiest to protect because of its location. Anyway, your father will be rubbing elbows with the high and mighty.
Rina heard a clinking sound.
Oh crap, said Justin.
What happened?
I dropped my keys and the cover broke off my pocket knife, the one your mother gave me.
First of all, twenty keys are too much, she said. You need to lighten your load.
I need every one of these keys, he said firmly. I just dont remember what each one is for. I cant believe I broke it. There was sadness in his voice.
You still have your ring, she said. We can fix the knife when you get back.
Rina squeezed the necklace beneath her red T-shirt. Five years ago, after the violent eruption of Mt. Vesuvius, her mother, Mary, a famous geologist, found remnants of a shiny black ore similar to onyx. Mary designed a pendant for Rina and a ring for Justin, and made them swear to wear them forever. Her mother was very sentimental. Rina could feel the shapes of diamonds and gems surrounding the stone, which was over two inches in height and oval shaped. The necklace was too exquisite for cut-off jean shorts and a red T-shirt, so, as always, it remained hidden.
She changed the subject. Youre going to have a grand time.
Yeah, right, he answered sardonically. Ill call you when I get there. Love you.
Bye, dad.
Wall screen four displayed a satellite view of a cloudless United States. Memphis sat over the New Madrid Fault Zone, not a straight-lined fault like the San Andreas but rather a rift in the North American plate, a seismically active area running under five states. Back in the years 1811-1812, numerous earthquakes jolted the region, the biggest over 8.0 on the Richter Scale. The Mississippi River changed its course for seven hours, whole islands disappeared, and even the sand along the Mississippi boiled. The earthquakes of the time altered the land so much maps had to be redone. She typed on her keyboard and checked the Richter. Nothing.
She heard the door slide open and turned around. Shiro came stomping down the stairs of the MCC, his paunch bouncing with each step. He loved Italian food and it showed. A pair of thick, black-rimmed glasses glinted beneath unruly strands of straight, black hair. No matter how much gel he used, they waved like blades of wheat in the wind.
Hey, he said. That was his formal hello.
His oversized front teeth created a slight overbite and a slurpy lisp in his speech. He grabbed a chair from across the aisle, wiped it off with his handkerchief and sat next to her. His Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder had gotten much better since the meds.
Ill bet you thought I was David Callaghan, he said with a smirk.
His relentless poking about her ex-boyfriend, David, made her want to bash him sometimes.
Davids a low-life idiot who thinks with his pants, so why do you bring him up all the time?
Because it irritates you. Why else?
Rina rolled her eyes and grunted. David was her third and last mistake. The walks on the beach, the flowers, the exquisite dates, were all fabricated to get her in bed. For her to trust any man again, he would have to prove himself big time.
Whats this? Shiro asked, picking up the readout.
Its the latest data on the Mariana, she said, typing and keeping her focus on the monitor. Bauman just brought it in. I still cant get into Telstar VI.
Shiro spoke as he skimmed through the pages. The meeting was the usual get it done or youre fired stuff. 
His words seemed to bubble from the sides of his mouth. He needed braces but was too stubborn to see a dentist.
Ugh...Rina...this is an old readout from the Mariana.
She turned and looked at him strangely.
I downloaded this before the mega-quake, he said, pointing to a barely noticeable adjustment of the number six. I remember writing this alteration. This data is at least nine weeks old.
Her attention went back to the computer screen. If he lied about this data...hes lying about the satellites.
She stared at the screen. To break into Telstar VI would end her career. She would be thrown off the project. But if Bauman was tampering with the satellites, it could only mean he was up to no good. Her gut told her to stay out of it.
Im going in, she said.
How? I thought you gave up Jordy.
I did...sort of.
I knew you didnt, said Shiro. I cant believe you, woman. You ask for trouble.
You know I dont handle authority well. Besides, I havent used him until now.
Wait, said Shiro, gripping her hands to halt her typing. If you do this, your life in geology is over.
I know, she said, but I dont trust Bauman and if something bad happens, Ill never forgive myself for not trying to stop him.
The overhead speaker clicked on.
This is General Bauman. We, your government, personally appreciate the effort everyone has put forth on this project. Most of you have been working eighteen-hour days and sleeping here at the facility. As a reward, a room is reserved at the Pirates Moon Restaurant for all to enjoy dinner on us. Your buses leave in five minutes. We expect all employees to attend, so drop what youre doing and join us. Thank you for your time and patience and, of course, your loyalty and hard work.
Great! said Shiro, rubbing his hands together. Lets go eat. Im hungry.
Im in, said Rina. What the Her typing sped up. Im detecting homing signals in the Mariana Trench.
Its probably the SDL. Lets go.
No. These are coming from within the trench. She continued typing. Oh crap. Her mouth dropped open. The info had to be wrong.
What is it? asked Shiro.
Who would do this? she said concerned.
Do what? he demanded.
Three hundred and fifty nuclear warheads have been anchored to the walls of the Mariana Trench in the Challenger Deep.
What? he shrieked.
Oh crap.
Tell me! he said desperately.
You were right. The readings Bauman gave me were wrong. The Marianas width and length has almost doubled. Its over twenty-five hundred miles long, seventy-eight miles wide, and its depth is near fifty thousand feet. She sat back, astonished. Someone is going to blow open the biggest crack in the world.
A raspy voice came from the top of the stairs. I knew it was just a matter of time before you hacked into the satellite. 
It was Bauman.
Rina and Shiro jumped to their feet. Two soldiers dressed in black and white camouflage suits guarded the exit door. Another four came tromping down the steps in front of Bauman, hoisting XL-20s, automatic rifles equipped with laser pulses that could burn four-inch deep holes through solid steel from three hundred feet. Attached to their wide black belts were the latest in military small arms, the S-8, a medium sized laser-guided automatic pistol with quadruple the power of a Magnum .500. The guards took positions beside her and Shiro.
Whats this? asked Rina, eyeing the silencers on the guards weapons.
Bauman came to sit on the computer desk in front of them. Leisurely, he swung his legs, small froths of spit cornered his ugly smile. 
You mean you really dont know? Ill show you.
Bauman nodded at a soldier who immediately whacked Shiro in the head with the butt of his gun. Shiro fell to his knees.
No! shouted Rina.
The guards held her back. Shiro struggled to his feet, his hand to his temple, blood oozing between his fingers. A soldier put a gun to Shiros bleeding temple.
Unable to control her emotions, she blurted out, You no-good
Wrong words, Bauman chuckled.
One of the soldiers grabbed her hair and pulled her backwards while the other guard rammed his fist into her stomach. Pain exploded through her torso as air burst from of her lungs.
Thats enough! yelled Shiro.
Bauman nodded. I hate her name calling.
Why? asked Rina, the air barely escaping her throat.
Because youre meddling is blocking the way of progress.
Progress? asked Shiro.
You want it this way, said Rina, ignoring the fire in her stomach. You want half the population dead, dont you?
Baumans thin lips formed an evil grin. I knew you wouldnt obey the rules, and I couldnt wait until you broke them. By the way, Doctor, the building is empty of all civilians. No one will hear you scream.
What are you saying? asked Shiro anxiously.
Only a sick mind would want to conquer the world, said Rina. Youre the one tampering with the satellites.
Affirmative, said Bauman. I couldnt let you discover the Marianas deterioration. We figure the whole ordeal will take less than one hour. Its the quickest and most reliable plan ever conceived.
Whos we? asked Shiro.
We are the New Continuum, Bauman said proudly. An organization determined to unite this world, something those useless world leaders could never accomplish.
Rinas heart sank. Youre taking out the Peace Conference.
Its the perfect plan, said Bauman. No one will suspect a hundred and fifty nukes are planted within the fault zone near Memphis. A mini-sub will be our detonation device in the Mariana. When it ignites, so will the nukes in the New Madrid.
Rina tried to yank free. Youd be killing
This discussion is over, Bauman interrupted.
He jumped off the desk and straightened his moss green tie. One of the guards swung the butt of his black rifle and Shiro hit the floor, unconscious.
No! cried Rina.
She elbowed the stomach of the soldier on her right then back-fisted the other in the face. She lunged for Bauman but something hard bashed the back of her head and she hit the floor with a grunt. A soldier grabbed her arm and yanked her up to standing. The room was spinning as she wobbled on her feet, trying to gather her senses.
Bauman approached with a malevolent smile. This ones mine.
The last thing Rina saw was Baumans wide fist heading for her face.


CHAPTER 6
Rina

MARIANA TRENCH: CHALLENGER DEEP

The air was stale and smelled of mold. Rinas eyelids felt heavy, weighed down by the relentless pounding in her head. She was scrunched up in a ball on her left side, every bone and muscle hurting as if it had been torn apart.
Someone moaned beside her. She slowly opened her eyes. It was dark. She wiggled her nose, feeling her damp hair strewn across her face. Where was she? She had to think straight. The last thing she remembered was...Baumans fist. Her jaw was throbbing. Low drones were coming from beneath her.
She lifted her arm to roll on her back, but a searing pain on the right side of her torso snatched her breath. She slid her fingertips gently over a bulbous bruise over her ribs. It had to be the size of a plate. Her right thigh hurt just as much. Bauman had used more than his fist.
Angry and frustrated, she used her weight to thrust herself onto her back. The pain shot through her and she stifled a scream as tears formed in her eyes. Shaking and barely able to breathe, she went limp, her thoughts fading.
The unexpected memory of Baumans fist burst into her mind and she woke up abruptly. She wanted so much to rip off his head. She moved her leg slightly and sensed the PDA was still inside her pocket. He was too stupid to take it. Above her, she noticed outlines of light surrounding two rectangular panels. She took the PDA from her pocket and felt for the button in the upper right hand corner. She pressed it and a cloud of light illuminated the area.
A floor compartment.
She pressed the button again and the device shut off. When did she last recharge it? There was another moan. Shiro.
Wake up, she said, her throat scratchy from thirst. How long had they been unconscious? I think were in the mini-sub going down into the trench.
What? Shiro thrust himself up to a sitting position, banging his head on the door panel in the process. Ow! I bit my tongue! Where are we?
Shh. Listen.
The whirring of engines and propellers filled the silence.
Crap! said Shiro. He put us in the sub going down into the trench.
Really? she said.
My tongue is bleeding.
Quit being a baby, Einstein. We have to stop the countdown.
How? he asked, his lisp worse from his cut tongue. He probably removed the override switch.
This is no time to be negative, retard. Lets just see what we can do, she added, tamping down her frustration.
Im not negative, lizard lips, Im realistic.
Youre realism is negative. Now help me open this door.
With their legs and arms, they heaved and pushed until the lock snapped open. Too easy, she thought. A rush of light flared into their enclosed space and she turned her head away, blinking several times. When her vision adjusted; they were staring at the wheel of a yellow hatch on the ceiling.
Were in a floor locker, she said.
Shiro got on his knees and looked around. Wow, its an X-38. And I thought he was a cheap guy.
The X-38 was the pride of Vector Industries, a subsidiary of Steinman Conglomerate. Only two existed in the world; one was owned by the military and the other by Vector itself. A year ago, she had the rare privilege of exploring the Puerto Rican Trench with an X-38. The systems were state-of-the-art, controlled and monitored with computers inset into the two-foot thick walls. Anchored to its bottom were the ballast tanks and batter pods. It was designed to withstand over nine tons per square inch of pressure for more than ninety-six hours, a remarkable accomplishment hailed as a victory over the seas.
Of course its the best, she said, lifting herself out of the compartment and sitting on the floor. He couldnt tell the President he was going to send an old sub into the Mariana.
Rina swung her legs onto the indigo carpet padded with soft rubber to ease the strain on the physical joints. Next to them on the wall, three rows of green lights above two black metal doors signified the readiness of the main systems. As she crawled to the front, the dark gray interior of the mini-sub was perfect for revealing the four wall terminals with keyboardstwo in front, two in back. She passed several sets of ceiling, floor, and wall straps scattered throughout the crawl-only vessel and hoped they wouldnt have to use them. She stopped and stared out one of the three-foot-wide portholes. Total blackness. She shook off a chill and kept going.
Upon reaching the main controls, she sat on the two-foot ledge and watched the charcoal-gray joystick move on its own between her legs. The forepart of the sub was transparent Titanium, a ten-inch thick domed window allowing a full view of the outside. The only light came from luminescent marine life. This was the darkest area on the planet; it was as if they were encased in solid rock. As her nerves began to tighten, she forced herself to change her thoughts.
Behind and to her left was the main systems station with its slide-out keyboard. Scrolling rows of yellow data lit up the black display. Sitting on her knees and facing the terminal, she tapped the upper left-hand corner of the screen, Mechanics and System Flow.
Hes removed the manipulator arms, she said. Weve got eight minutes until detonation.
Crap! said Shiro. Do something!
She lifted the PDA from her pocket. An open crack ran along the side of the red case. The jerk busted my baby.
Hurry up, woman! Shiro had plopped himself beside her.
Knock it off with the woman stuff.
What am I supposed to call you, man?
She rolled her eyes and pressed the silver button on the PDA. The visual display flickered then turned on. The low battery light was blinking. She had maybe fifteen minutes of power left. She quickly flipped the unit over and opened the cable compartment. A thin, coiled USB cord unfolded and she hooked it into the port just beneath the monitor. She began typing on the keyboard. The exterior lights came on.
A deep raspy laugh echoed through the sub. She stopped and listened, trying to make the voice.
I wanted you to be awake when you die, said Bauman. How are you feeling, Rina? A little sore?
One good punch was all shed need to loosen those gold caps. Tearing out his remaining hair would be good too.
No. He wanted her to lose control. She refused. Never felt better, Bauman. Youre a kitten. So where are your New Continuum friends?
What the heck, he cleared his throat. North Dakota, far away from the New Madrid and listening to our conversation. Youve caused monumental problems for us and we all wanted to hear your last words.
As he spoke, she carefully scanned the sub. On the ceiling, hidden between the relay switches, was a small blue light. A miniature camera. She laid on her back and kicked it until it cracked.
It doesnt matter, said Bauman. Well hear your scream.
She began searching for the hacking programs in her PDA.
Soon the New Continuum will bring this planet into unity, he went on.
She wanted to shut him up so bad. You couldve thought of a better name. Psychopathic Killers-R-Us is more appropriate. By the way, did you tell your little worm buddies, the one hundred and fifty nukes planted in the rift are going to kill them too? When the New Madrid ignites, the central half of the country is going to sink into a river of boiling magma and that includes North Dakota. Youre all going to burn, thanks to your best friend.
She heard men yelling in the background.
Yeah, guys, she said loudly, gratified by the commotion. The big maggot wants you dead. The mic clicked off.
She began mumbling to herself, angry she didnt see this coming. She swiped at a sweat droplet stinging her eye.
Crap!
What happened? asked Shiro.
He erased the original hacks, but..., she kept typing, he didnt know duplicates were hidden in certain subfiles. Got them!
Shiro was hovering over her shoulder. You rule!
This is my game, she said, keeping focused on the screen as she typed.
Youre the Queen.
The lights went out and the engines whined to a halt. Oops, said Rina.
Were going to be vaporized and all you can say is oops? Shiro said angrily. I take it back. Youre not the Queen.
I liked it better when you called me woman. Her fingers didnt pause. Get on a terminal and sound off the countdown.
No more mistakes, Rina.
The power came back on. Shiro crawled to the station across from her.
Six minutes, he said.
I have to find Alfalfa.
Whos he?
Alfalfa is the man, she said. Hes Jordys base code. Once hes inside a computer, he starts tearing apart the hard drive, literally causing a meltdown. If the person is stupid enough to keep his computer on, Alfalfa will eventually blow up the motherboard.
Wow. Is he the one you sent to Bauman?
Oh yeah. Did you know Bauman was spying on the President of the United States?
The President? asked Shiro. Holy cow. Why didnt you tell anyone?
Who would believe a hacker? So I did the next best thingI sent him Alfalfa. This little guy is the perfect weapon.
Three programs popped up on the display, each one containing twenty lines of code.
Blue tail, is it you? she said, typing. No. Mariana? The lights flickered. Oops.
Knock it off with the oops, said Shiro. This is freaky enough.
She didnt answer. Flower lily was next.
Four minutes, said Shiro.
She tapped the Enter key and a three rows of data appeared.
Got him!
Cancel the detonation! said Shiro, his eyes wide.
The screen wavered and the lights shut off again. An insidious laugh came over the speakers. Bauman had turned her own virus against her. Four Alfalfas were chasing her through the system. Her fingers were beginning to cramp.
Whats wrong, Rina? said Bauman, sarcasm heavy in his voice. Cant outrun the zippers? And youre wrong about the New Madrid. Weve done an extensive study on the rift and youre foolish to think you can outsmart us. Oh look, one of those zippers is getting real close.
Hes connected, she thought. He can see everything Im doing.
She can beat you anytime, Bauman, said Shiro. He leaned towards Rina and whispered from the corner of his mouth, Whats a zipper?
Yes, explain it to him, said Bauman. After all, theyre your creation. We just made them better.
She wished so much for him to shut up. Using Shiro to distract her was making her angrier, and more determined.
If an attacker goes after Alfalfa, she said, he creates subfiles that hunt and shut down the enemys program, forcing them to restart. Zip up, zip down. Shoot!
The screen fluctuated again.
You cant beat them, said Bauman.
You shouldnt put anything past me, she said, turning and hastily crawling to the back of the sub; grateful she wore jean-shorts, nothing hindered her legs. So, howd it go when I told your lame-o friends you were going to kill them?
She signaled Shiro to bring the recessed flashlight in the wall. She yanked open the gray metal doors to the main circuitry. Over fifty circuit boards sat vertically in the narrow chamber. Colored wires and relay switches crowded the small space. Above the boards were the abbreviated names of each system.
Its been proven one man cannot rule this world, said Bauman. Weve already formed a High Council to oversee Earths affairs. Your feeble attempts to disband us are foolish. They only exemplify your stupidity.
Really? She slid out three circuit boards. Rearranging the wires was tedious but if not done right, she could force the detonation. She kept glancing at the inset wall monitor displaying the countdown in bright yellow numbers.
Two-minute warning, said Bauman. First youll see a bright flash of light. Unfortunately, you wont feel the heat melt the skin off your bones. But it will be satisfying to hear your blood-curdling scream. His laugh echoed through the sub again.
Youre a monster, she said, eyeing Shiro, who had sweat rolling down his face. He was terrified.
And just where are you, Bauman? she asked.
Im in a jet over the Antarctic, he said. Im rather excited about your death. Ive been waiting a long time for this.
Youre a coward, she said, and an idiot. You put me, the enemy, the one who created Alfalfa, smack in the middle of the most critical stage of your plan. The detonation sub. Hows that for exemplification of stupidity? She gripped a set of wires on a circuit board and said, Eat this, moron.
She ripped out the connection to the surface and angrily threw it across the sub. The mic went dead. She shoved the three boards into Shiros arms.
Slide these back in, she told him.
She rushed back to the main computer up front. Snaps and beeps told her the boards were in.
One minute! yelled Shiro. If youre going to do something, do it now!
Im hurrying, she said. Let me concentrate.
The lights flicked on. An alarm began to blare. Overhead, twirling red lights signaled the oncoming blast that would end their lives.
Thirty seconds, said Shiro, and were toast. Rina
Dont talk, she said, her fingers flying across the keyboard. I can do this.
Suddenly, the screen went black. All the data disappeared. Rina sat back and stared at the monitor. Her gut was in one big knot and her jaw was still hurting.
Did you do it? asked Shiro, his brow scrunched in worry.
I used the subs programming to kill the Alfalfas but Im not sure I stopped the detonation.
Well know in eight seconds, he said. You did all you could.
Although his OCD was at times annoying, on very few occasions, Shiro was consoling and not panicked but now, unfortunately, his calmness wouldnt help. She sighed and wondered if it were her last breath. Her heart began to pump hard and fast, pounding in her chest like a jackhammer. She started trembling and cupped her hands over her ears, squeezing her eyes shut. The rush of panic was strong and she wanted to scream, but she knew it would do no good.
Dont let Bauman win, she thought. Dont let Bauman win. She repeated the words over and over, trying to slow her breathing.
The memory of the F-5 tornado in Oklahoma was nothing compared to this, although shed felt bad about Shiro getting forty-two stitches in his leg from a flying fence plank. There is no escape from this. The Mariana would be their grave. She watched Shiro as he silently stared out into the cold darkness. If shed just listened to him and not hacked into the satellite, things would be different, but here they were, waiting for the flash of light. Waiting to die. Nothing could be worse.
A deep rumbling vibrated the small vessel. The ship began to sway and they grabbed onto wall straps for support.
This is it! shouted Shiro.


CHAPTER 7
Rina

The X-38 lurched to one side. Rina grabbed the wall handle beside her with both hands. The force swung her to the left and she smashed into the wall beside the keyboard, just missing the monitor. Shiro side slammed into the terminal next to him and the screen shattered.
Earthquake! shouted Rina. Strap yourself in!
Shiro quickly unfurled a safety belt from within the wall and buckled it around his waist. Through the glass domed front, Rina watched house-size chunks of rock crack off the wall face and plummet down the trench. With a loud boom, the back end of the vessel crashed downward. Rinas hand slipped and she went sliding down the sub headfirst.
Shiro! she cried out, reaching for him.
He stretched out his arm but she had already passed him.
Grab a strap! he yelled.
She flailed her arms desperate to snatch anything. A black foot strap was ahead and she caught it with her fingers. She snapped around feet first, bashing into two portholes before jerking to a stop. The mini-sub was nearly vertical and she struggled to keep her grip. Shiro was bent forward, his face swollen and pink from the belt constricting his stomach. Another bang on the ship and the nose went down hard. Rina managed to get one foot into a floor strap and held herself in place. The vessel finally leveled off but the heavy rumbles continued their vibrations.
The bruise on her side had gone from a dull throb to a piercing pain. From a porthole, she saw several boulders tumble off a thirty-foot gray dome attached to the trench wall; two red and green lights were alternately flashing in its center. Looking out the front of the X-38, she gasped at the sight. Running along both walls of the trench, rows of ashen domes with blinking lights faded into the darkness.
The nukes, she thought. A wave of fear overcame her. Were dead.
Another strike on the sub and her foot popped out of the restraint. Before she could secure it, a succession of hits bounced her onto the floor, her legs thrashing in all directions. Just above her, an explosion blew open the metal doors on the wall. Fiery sparks bulleted through the electrical boards then followed the wires in the wall, bursting like a strip of firecrackers. She scrunched her face against the floor, hoping the sparks wouldn't ignite her hair or clothes. Then everything stopped. It was quiet.
The rumbling ceased abruptly but the frenzied water kept jostling the ship. Finally, the movement slowly came to a halt. There was silence except for the fans working at full speed, clearing the smoke from the air.
Rina lay on her stomach exhausted with her face to the side, not wanting to move her stiff and aching body. The coolness of the indigo carpet was refreshing, and a nap was coming on fast. She felt Shiros finger touch her bottom lip and she opened her eyes. Blood covered his thumb.
You stopped the countdown, he said, grinning with his big teeth.
Yeah, she said, trying to gather her scrambled thoughts.
He helped her sit up.
Are you okay?
Yeah, she said, pushing the black hair from her face. That hurt.
Yep, he said, still smiling, but were alive.
We need to get topside. She crawled past him, her ribs aching but her muscles were finally starting to loosen. If we can get close enough to the surface, I can break into a satellite and inform my dad, that is, if Bauman doesnt blow us up first.
Oh good, said Shiro, fun time with Rina isnt over.
I keep your life exciting, she said, kneeling in front of the main systems monitor. Without me, your life would be dull.
Unfortunately, excitement with you always means a near death experience.
She winked at him and tapped the screen. Were at twenty-eight thousand feet. We have enough oxygen for eight hours and...no. Dread threatened to overwhelm her. We lost ballast.
Without the ballast tanks, we cant reach the surface.
Kneeling in the center of the sub Shiro held up a smoldering circuit board. I think I found the ballast.
Equations and theories raced though Rinas mind as she searched for an answer. There had to be a way out. She couldnt give up. She typed vigorously, telling herself no problem is unsolvable. She willed herself to persevere, to keep searching for a plausible escape, but nothing sufficed. As her hope waned, she sat back on her calves and looked at Shiro who was checking the circuit boards.
Did I just kill him? The thought was agonizing.
She turned and dangled her legs over the ledge, watching the control stick wobble between them. She glanced back at the data. The ballast tanks could only be repaired from the outside but without the manipulator arms, it was impossible. The realization of certain death began to set in. Bauman had won.
This is it, Shiro, she said with a heavy heart. I cant get us out of here. Its over. Her eyes flooded with tears. Im...Im sorry. I wish you werent here. She banged the floor with the side of her fist, then swiped the moisture off her face. I cant believe this. Were really going to die.
Shiro rushed to her side. Die? As in forever?
Yeah, she said, watching his face pinch tight with fear.
Cant you do something? I dont like death. Im only twenty-nine years old; Im not supposed to die this young.
Im only twenty-one, she said, taking his hand. Im sorry.
The panicked look on Shiros face told her she had to forget her frustration and calm him down once again. On their last field study of an active volcano, Mt. Etna, Shiro couldnt stay still, always checking everyones work, yelling at people, rushing the study so they could get off the mountain. He made the team so nervous theyd wanted to throw him into the volcano. Right now, he looked like he was going to scream in a frenzied panic.
Theres got to be something you can do, he said, his lips trembling.
She sighed heavily. Theres no way out of this. All the repairs have to be done from the outside. Just try to relax.
His face whitened; his breathing sped up.
Hes going to hyperventilate, thought Rina. Again.
Cup your hands over your nose and mouth, she told him, helping him position his hands and recalling the many times in the past she had done this. Its all right, Shiro. Were heroes, even if no one knows it.
Shiros words came out between his breaths. I-dont-want-to-die. His eyes were teary, his forehead was dripping sweat.
I dont either, she said, noticing twinkles of light outside the sub. Look, chances are someone knows about Bauman and a rescue attempt is in progress. Keep your hopes high and everything will be fine.
Baumans too smart, she thought. No one knows.
Can you imagine what Bauman is doing right now? she said, trying to lighten the mood. Picture a fat hippo in a tutu lying on the floor kicking, screaming, and crying for his mommy because he didnt get his way.
Shiro let out a chuckle and lowered his hands. His breathing was returning to normal.
I guess youre right, he said. Someone is probably trying to save us right now.
Exactly. And look where we are. Were in the most unexplored region of the planet, the place we love the most. So lets use this time before our rescue to study the trench.
With her hand she turned Shiros head towards the clear dome. Outside, the lights revealed a swarm of alien-shaped macro plankton jetting about, lighting up the dark water like diamonds. Their sizes varied from one inch to over eight inches and some were close enough to view their transparent bodies simulating turbine engines with flywheels. They truly were a wonder of nature to survive in the immense pressure. The existence of these creatures was unknown in this trench until two years ago when Vector Industries, working with the military, announced they were going to do a long-term study of the Challenger Deep using an X-38.
They werent studying for science, she thought, they were accessing the best place to plant the nukes. Bauman and Steinman are working together.
A fit of anger gave her the urge to punch something but the vessel was too fragile at this point, and she didnt want to have to explain it to Shiro. It would just panic him again. She gazed out the front of the vessel. Not too far away, the exterior lights of the craft caught the ominous shape of a dome, one of the nukes with its lights off. She wouldve given anything to have seen Baumans expression when his bombs didnt ignite. The control stick tapped the inner side of her leg. It would be useless to drive. There was nowhere to go except down.
I hate this blood on my shirt, said Shiro, pinching the white material from his chest. You wouldnt by any chance have a bleach stick?
She shook her head and laughed. No, and at least its your own. Remember the time I accidentally got pushed down a crowded stairs and hit my head, bloodying your shorts?
Shiro grunted. Yeah, it made me sick. I wasnt on meds then.
And you freaked out, she said, tearing your shorts off in the middle of Las Vegas. The pain in my head was so bad but I couldnt stop laughing.
That was kind of funny, he admitted with a smile. I almost got arrested for indecent exposure.
For the first time, she noticed desiccated blood above his right temple. She delicately fingered through his black hair and found congealed blood covering a half-inch cut.
That grunt hit you pretty hard with the butt of his rifle, she said.
Im fine, but this shirt is ruined. He released the spotted cloth and wiped his fingers on the leg of Rinas jean-shorts.
Hey, think back to Colorado, she said, ignoring what hed just done to her shorts. That was my favorite place in the whole world.
The air is too thin at twelve thousand feet, said Shiro, and the headaches are atrocious.
Yeah, but the air is so clean. I loved the fact we were the only people for miles. If you had the chance again, would you climb the big oak tree by the lake?
No way. I was scared to death. The first time it took me two hours to climb fifty feet. Your mom had to bribe me with her chocolate chip cookies. They laughed and he continued, I cant believe I climbed it at least ten times, just for the cookies and to hear her space stories about a planet called Verlea. I could swear she put an addictive chemical in those cookies because I still crave the stupid things.
Yeah, said Rina, patting his hand.
Shiro loved her mother, especially since his parents died in a plane crash five years ago, leaving him alone. Her parents, Mary and Justin, immediately treated him like a son, seeing to his care. Shiro became family. Rina gazed up through the domed glass. The swarm of plankton had vanished. Not a visible ray of light shone through the murky water.
Mom loved astronomy, she said, closing her eyes. Soon itll be over. Thats why we built the house up so high; she wanted to be near the stars. She made Verlea seem so real.
She was the best, he said. Hey, is it getting lighter outside?
Whoa, she said, taken by surprise. It had brightened at least forty percent.
There was a loud thump and the vessel shifted. The sonar began to ping. A high-pitched scrape against the ships metal hull sent quivers down her spine.
She gripped the control stick. Get on the terminal beside me and tell me whats out there.
Aye, sir. Shiro swung his legs around and knelt behind her. I dont get it. Nothing is registering on sonar.
Rinas mouth dropped open at a massive, translucent bubble rising up in front of the glass window. It was the size of a car. She dipped forward, not wanting to lose sight of the strange phenomenon bobbling through the dark water.
What is it? she asked.
I dont know.
The volcanic vents are over a hundred miles from here, she said. Could one be forming below us?
Shiros eyes opened wide with worry. I certainly hope not. Look, he pointed, theres more.
Hundreds of bubbles were clearly visible. The X-38 lurched as a half-bubble slid up the glass, squealing like fingernails on a chalkboard.
We have to go! said Rina, tightening her fingers around control stick. Im going to
There was a hard shudder, then a jerk, and the sub moved forward. Rina tried to steer the craft but the stick wouldnt budge.
Wed better belt up, said Shiro.
He scooted over to the broken monitor and buckled himself in.
Belt yourself in, woman! she thought she heard him say.
But the phenomenon was fascinating. The mini-sub creaked and trembled, moving faster and faster, until the large bubbles became streams of light. The roar of the moving water thundered through the ship.
Whats happening? yelled Shiro.
Hold on! she shouted, barely able to hear him.
Her attempt to steer the craft failed so she released the control stick and grabbed a wall strap. The vessel raced through down the canyon with the spiraling water. She checked the status.
The Gs are at fifteen, she shouted. We should be unconscious. She touched the screen to view the subs velocity. One hundred feet a second, she yelled, unsure if he could hear her. This cant be right!
She tapped the screen a few more times trying to make adjustments, but the reading remained. The external lamps revealed the swirling water, which reminded her of the F-5 tornado, however, they were in a whirlpool going down into the deepest crack in the Earth.
The sounds of bending metal echoed through the mini-sub. Red lights flashed on the monitor. Their depth was over thirty-four thousand feet and growing fast. The rushing water was so fierce she swore every cell in her body was vibrating. There was a loud pop in the rear of the vessel and seawater came gushing in. Rina tapped the computer screen and the valve shut. How long would the ship last? At this rate, maybe a minute. Her thoughts returned to Bauman. It would just be a matter of time before he sent the other sub for detonation. A voice came from the speaker above. It was him.
If this message activated, youre below thirty-six thousand feet. Ive won, Rina. Your father is dead. I killed him. He died a sniveling coward and youre going to join him soon. May you rot in your cold grave.
Rina froze at the statement, her heart pounded hard and she swallowed her rising hysteria.
Hes just trying to manipulate me, she reasoned.
Baumans a liar, said Shiro, reassuring her. Your dads too smart for him, besides, hes not even there.
Her muscles relaxed. Justin was with the President in Memphis and surrounded by the Secret Service.
Youre right, she said and pushed the thought from her mind.
Perimeter alarms began blaring. One thousand feet to the bottom. She touched the monitor and the alarms stopped.
Less than a minute, she said.
Shiro offered his hand. We go together.
Rina nodded and clutched his hand tight. They could see the cold, gray mud approaching fast. Shiro clamped his eyes shut and squeezed her hand. She refused to close her eyes.
Baumans the sniveling coward.
Blinking in bold red was IMPACT 200FT. She held her breath and scrunched her face. This was the end.
Without warning, the vessel made a sharp turn into a cave. Rina went flying into Shiro and they bashed into the sidewall. He quickly shoved her back to a sitting position.
I told you to belt yourself in.
Look! she said excitedly, pointing outside. The rock face is...its...moving.
The grizzled stone glistened with moisture and seemed to shift in place, squirming and bending shape. She blinked several times, wondering if her vision would steady itself because what she was seeing didnt appear real. The roar of the water was gone. Bubbles streamed backwards over the domed glass. She reached up and touched the metal ceiling where water droplets had formed.
Are we in air? she asked.
Got me, Shiro answered softly.
This has got to be the Moho, she said, not taking her focus off the moving stone.
The Moho? he asked nervously. How could that be? We should be dead.
Yeah, but were not. He was getting paler by the second. She had to get his mind off the danger. Tell me about the Mohorovicic discontinuity. He didnt answer so she slapped his arm. Wake up! Whats the Mohorovicic discontinuity?
Startled, he began talking. The Moho is the chemical change in the rock separating the earths crust from the upper mantlewait a minute.... He cleared his throat. Why are you asking me stupid questions?
To keep you from puking, she said, grateful hed come to his senses. Keep it together, bro. I need you.
At the end of the tunnel, a bright light was approaching fast. The control stick was shifting on its own with perfect direction.
Someones controlling the ship, she said.
How can that be? No one can survive down here. This is nuts! We must be dreaming.
She pinched his forearm hard and a high-pitched outcry nearly shattered her eardrums.
What the heck is wrong with you? he shouted, rubbing his arm. You gave me a bruise.
This isnt a dream. I dont know whats happening but I need you to get a grip. I mean it, Shiro, something strange is going on and I need you with all your senses. Dont make me hurt you again.
Youre a psycho chick, he said, still kneading his arm.
Youre right, she said. We should be dead. This has to be off-world technology.
Little green men? Get real.
You have a better explanation, Tarzan?
Shiro glanced at her and didnt answer, skeptical as always. Questions were running rampant through Rinas mind. Who are they? Why are they here? What are they doing to the planet? The white light changed to a pale yellow then broke into three separate lights. Rina stared in amazement. Within moments, their heads snapped around to a dark brown vessel zooming passed them. Colorful lights outlined its oblong shape.
I dont believe it, said Shiro. Was that a
Spaceship! said Rina, thrilled at the revelation. There are people down here!
Do you think theyre British?
A spaceship from another world just flew by us and you think its the British?
Hey, they use their cute accents to distract your thinking, said Shiro, so they can empty your bank account. I dont trust them.
Suddenly, the light went from pitch black to sun-fire yellow. They screamed and leaned back, cupping their faces.
What the heck? said Rina, blinking and waiting for her vision to adjust.
Were in another tunnel, said Shiro.
The mini-sub spiraled in the air, tearing through the tunnel at incredible speed. The quick turns and gyrations jolted them side-to-side and Rina was sure her head was going to snap off; it was all she could do to hold onto the wall strap. The sub whipped around a bend, then slowed and gradually came to a stop.
Giant glowing boulders were gingerly floating through the magma, resembling magnificent chunks of gold. Rina was so anxious to absorb the wonders it became difficult to control her breathing.
This must be the mantle, said Shiro. He put his hand on the domed window. Its not even warm.
Rina palmed the glass. This technology is way beyond us.
Hundreds of various sized boulders surrounded the small ship. A large one was passing overhead and she couldnt take her eyes off it, leaning forward and almost falling off the ledge.
Do you think its iron? she asked.
Before Shiro could answer, the sub bolted into high speed again. Rina went tumbling back and Shiro snatched her hand just in time.
What the heck is wrong with you? he said. Keep a grip on a strap at all times!
He pulled her back and she grabbed a wall strap. 
Sorry, she said. The science is incredible.
She knew Shiro didnt hear her. He too was mesmerized by their voyage. A section of sepia-colored stone was closing in.
What do you think it is? asked Shiro.
The second Moho, she said, between the outer core and inner core. Her voice softened with the fascinating realization. Were actually inside the planet, Shiro. No one has ever seen its interior. This is so awesome.
Yeah, he said softly. It feels surreal.
The vessel raced through the light brown cave. When it rounded a corner, the light flared to a blinding white. They yelled and shielded their eyes with their hands, but it wasnt enough. The light was so strong the outlines of their bones and veins were visible through their hands. It was like staring at the sun.
This must be the liquid outer core, Rina said, her voice straining.
Yeah, and its killing me, said Shiro. 
She felt his pain. The X-38 cruised downward with an unusual smoothness. She squeezed a peek through her fingers. There was a dark spot in the distance. She took two thick wads of her long black hair and wrapped her hands, then cupped them over her eyes. The dark spot was...spinning! She poked Shiro with her elbow.
Look! Look! Its the solid inner core, she said, unable to curb her enthusiasm. The science was incredible! We were right. It spins opposite the outer core, creating our magnetic poles. This is great!
Shiro used her hair and did the same thing.
Whats that revolving black spot? he asked.
I dont know. Theres no texture on its surface. Maybe an entrance to a cave?
A cave to what? How is this happening? We should be dead.
Rina was busy timing the spinning cave. They had to hit it precisely or they would crash into the core. The closer they got, the faster the core was spinning. She carefully counted the revolutions.
No more than twenty seconds.
As they neared the opening, the solid rock was still there.
Not this way! she shouted.
Just then, the hole reappeared and the vessel entered the cave. The ship swung around and went into a horizontal spin. Shiro banged his head against the sidewall and lost consciousness. Rina screamed as her body rolled backwards down the sub and bashed into the back wall. Everything went black.


CHAPTER 8
Kalin

Kalin and Marante stood in the heart of Earth. Many times the missions from the Federation had sent Kalin into the core of a planet and each time he got the same feeling.
Humans shouldnt be here.
The black, jagged stone of the cavern contained deep slits every twenty feet traveling up its sides and across the ceiling. The tell tale signs of a REM alignment. At the top of the hundred-foot high cavern, a thin cloud of dust and moisture drifted silently in its confined space, diffusing the artificial light created by the sprayed-on Vitra Crystals. Numerous boot imprints embedded the earthen floor and in front of the walls, foot-high mounds of dirt littered the ground. Could Vorkis REM be malfunctioning? He could only hope. Four large tunnels led out of the cave.
Why do the bad guys always pick these kinds of places? he asked. It feels like a crypt.
Because they know you are afraid of the dark, said Marante, keeping his focus on the scanner.
The small black, rectangular device was tiny in his hands, yet he worked the holos with ease.
Ha, ha, sneered Kalin. Bonehead.
In the center of the open cave, a massive white platform lay anchored to the floor. Tall columns marked the four corners, each having three sets of the lightsred, yellow, and green. Marante placed his foot on the edge of the platform; the width of his leg almost matched his arm.
This is the main teleporter pad, he said. The Quilia particles date back two months. The majority of the tunnels in this complex are approximately eighty feet in height. Large enough for Xeon Diffusers.
Kalin fixed his glare on several slate-blue boxes resting on the floor near the far wall. Stamped horizontally across their centers were white letters: SNA.
Stolen technology from Salera, thought Kalin.
His stomach turned sour. Unknowingly, he squeezed the handle of his gun, bending the black metal. He immediately let go. His Barra was his protection, an extremely lightweight rifle able to laser a target from over three thousand feet. Kalin slid the strapped Barra off his shoulder and raised the rifle, aiming at the containers. He could never allow Vorkis to retain any Saleran technology.
Marante grabbed his arm. If you fire your weapon it will reveal our presence. You do want the element of surprise?
Catching Vorkis off-guard was the only way. He had to be patient so he nodded and lowered his weapon. 
How far to the Xeon Diffusers?
Ten clicks, said Marante, and Im afraid hes altered their systems. If we tamper with the Xeons, it will initiate a destruct sequence in their reactors. He glanced at Kalin. Enough energy will be released to incinerate the core.
Let me get this straight, said Kalin. If we mess with the Xeons, theyll destroy Earth. Yet if we dont, the dredging will destroy Earth. He shrugged. Its a no-win situation.
Marante pointed up. Tell that to the millions of men, women, and children who will be eradicated. Give me time, my friend. I will find a way.
Time is what I dont have, said Kalin. Vorkis first, then Earth. He has to be stopped.
And what if the implosion becomes critical? Marante stepped closer. Kalin felt his telepathy digging into his mind. Will the crowned Prince of Salera allow the slaughter of so many?
A rush of fury soared through Kalin. How could you think Id let Vorkis kill again? How long have we been working together? He shook his head in disappointment. Ive never failed a mission to save lives and Im insulted youre doubting me now.
Marantes eyes pressed into dark slits. I want to hear you say you will do everything possible to save them and not forfeit their lives to satisfy your vengeance.
Marantes nose had grown to two inches in diameter and shined red as an apple. He was livid.
I will do whatever is necessary to save them, Kalin said, frustrated. Satisfied?
The stringent hold of Marantes telepathy was powerful, but Kalin worried more about his empathic abilities. When his family and people had died, Marante helped to control the varying emotions determined to bring him down, and hed succeeded. But over time, Kalin learned how to manipulate Marantes powers, occasionally permitting small spurts of anguish and torment to break through, just enough to pacify him. Never would he allow his friend to sense the explosive emotions intensifying each day Vorkis lived. He would soon lose his mind if nothing was done. Seeing him die was the only way out of the misery.
Hes dead, no matter whos involved, thought Kalin, hiding his words from Marante.
A breeze of putrid air howled its way in from a tunnel.
What is that nasty smell? he asked, scrunching his nose and looking around the cave.
Marantes cathectic probing ceased and he took up studying the scanner. This core is home to a variety of large creatures. Some are carnivorous. We must be cautious.
Shh, said Kalin, raising his hand. Listen.
From the tunnel behind them, a high-pitched, whining sound was getting louder.
Incoming! he shouted and pushed Marante hard, slamming him into the far wall.
A yellow ship zoomed out of a tunnel, spinning in the air. Kalin dove behind the blue boxes watching a whirlwind of dust rise up from the ground like a tornado. The vessel stopped turning in mid-air then slowly leveled off on the platform. Kalin stood and saw Marante walking towards the rear of the craft.
What is it? asked Kalin.
It is an Earth-human submersible, Marante said, reading the small holo. Two Earth-humans are inside and alive, a male and female.
I wasnt aware Earth-humans had the technology to travel through their planet. He noticed the bold black letters scrolled across the vessels side: US ARMY  X38.
They do not, said Marante. I have detected REM particles on its metallic surface. Apparently, Vorkis escorted this vessel through his planetary REM tunnel. He deliberately brought them down here.
Why would he want Earth-humans? Theyre a primitive species with nothing of value.
I agree, said Marante, standing beside him, but Vorkis will be sending a troop of Zorcons. I suggest we take the Earth-humans with us and leave this area.
Right, said Kalin. He handed his Barra to Marante. Now, wheres the door?


CHAPTER 9
Rina

Rina slowly opened her eyes to the sounds of water droplets echoing in her head. Everything was white and blurry. A tiny blue light gradually came into focus. She was lying on her side facing a dangling electrical panel. Her body felt heavy and stiff; she was sure riger mortis had set in. She swung her right arm around to get up and instantly stopped; her bruised ribs reminded her of Bauman.
With one hard push, she sat up and groaned, aggravated at the pain radiating through her torso. Shiro was sitting up front, slumped over unconscious. She looked out the glass dome and her mouth dropped open in shock. Were in a cave. Shiro began moving.
Wake up! she said, straining to crawl towards him; her muscles were fighting her.
Where are we? he asked, rubbing the side of his head.
She tended the main systems monitor. According to the readings, were in an oxygen atmosphere. She tapped the screen. The air outside is breathable. I think were in the Earths core.
Wait a minute, said Shiro, unbuckling himself. Youre not making sense. Start at the beginning.
She hurried to the center of the vessel, got on her knees and spun the wheel to the top hatch.
We need to leave, she told him, using her shoulder to shove the hatch. Ill explain on the way. Man, this is heavy.
Shiro joined her when the hatch popped open with a suction sound.
The sub was being controlled, andwait! Her voice sank to a whisper as she lowered the door. I hear talking. Its two men. Theyre coming for us.
Crap, Shiro said quietly. We have no weapons to defend ourselves.
Hand me the flashlight, she said.
He gave it to her and said, What are you going to do?
Remember the spaceship? Hopefully, the aliens wont know what this is.
That isnt going to work, said Shiro. Didnt you ever watch Star Trek? They all have Tricorders.
Rina rolled her eyes. Youre pathetic. Now listen, she said, testing the flashlight, we have to do this fast and catch them off-guard. Are you ready?
I guess, he said. But, wait. What if all this is a hoax? What if someone is playing with our minds? This cant be real, Rina. No one can survive in the core.
She got in his face, annoyed at his repeated doubtfulness. Do I have to pinch you again? He quickly moved his arm away. This is real, Shiro, and youd better accept it. Now quit being asinine and lets go.
Fine, he said sternly.
The insult worked.
And Im not asinine, retard.
Help me, she said, ignoring his words.
He positioned his shoulder across from hers. One-two-three!
They rammed the hatch open and it banged into something that grunted. There was a whir and then a dull thud. They eyed each other suspiciously.
I think we just knocked one of them off the sub, she whispered. Lets go.
Shiro pulled her arm back. What if theyre friendly? Maybe we should talk to them first.
Theyre not friendly. Theyre destroying our planet.
Shiro nodded. They quietly crawled out and peeked over the side. A man with black hair was lying on the ground incoherent. Rina pointed to a tunnel facing them, their exit. They carefully climbed down behind the mini-sub, then tiptoed around the vessel and stopped, frozen in their tracks.
A tall thin alien dressed in black, skin-tight clothes was kneeling beside the man and fiddling with a small device in his hands. His bony fingers were at least eight inches in length, and he resembled one of the tall, round-headed aliens from the Cantina band in the movie classic Star Wars.
This is a real alien, she thought as an uncomfortable feeling settled within her. Beings from another world are trying to kill us.
Suddenly, the big-headed thing turned to them. 
Hello! he shouted.
Rina grabbed Shiros arm and began running to the tunnel.
Wait! yelled the alien.
She stopped, grinding the dirt under her sneakers she spun around, pointing the yellow flashlight at them in a menacing way. It wasnt on.
Dont come any closer, she demanded, waving the flashlight at them. Ill shoot and youll both be dead!
The big head tapped the device in his hand and a miniature image rose up, filled with color.
A hologram?
That is a light emitter, he said. Not a weapon. We mean you no harm, my lady.
The big head had a British accent! She and Shiro glanced at each other in surprise.
Told you, Shiro said from the corner of his mouth.
How could he be right?
The British are not aliens, she said quietly.
Thank you for nearly killing me, said the dark-haired man, who was on his feet and brushing off his black vest. We dont have time for this. Now come quietly or well force you.
Rina threw the flashlight at them. The two aliens jumped to the side, allowing it to hit the ground between them. She backed into the passage, pulling Shiro with her. His trembling hand was cold and sweaty.
We have to run, Shiro, she said quietly.
Keeping his stare ahead, he nodded. His breathing was erratic.
Hes going to hyperventilate, she thought. I just hope he can run.
Your escape will only put you in danger, said the big-headed alien.
How could he have heard me?
The big head continued, There are carnivorous creatures throughout these caves. Stay with us and we can protect you.
Now! she shouted.
Rina and Shiro vaulted down the tunnel. She noticed a phosphorescent ore was glowing on the ceiling. Artificial light. They ran for what seemed forever through different passages, hoping the alien pair wasnt following.
Hold it! She pulled Shiro to a stop. I hear footsteps coming this way. Hide!
They ducked behind an outcrop of brown rock. The thumping sounds got closer and louder until finally three beings jogged passed them. She hunched down further and felt her stomach contents rise into her throat. Their light gray uniforms hid every part of their extremities except their heads. Clear gel covered their transparent skin. Red and blue veins pulsed within the sheer, pink muscles stretching over their skulls. Round, crimson, glowing eyeballs rested in ebony sockets, giving them the eyes of a Terminator. They were like skinned humans sheathed in plastic wrap. She shivered at the thought of what they looked like beneath their uniforms. She watched them jog out of sight. Shiro was pale white and near hyperventilation.
Show some backbone, she said, getting to her feet. I need you to be strong.
Those-guys-are-nightmares, he said between the panting as she helped him up.
He was trembling so badly his legs could barely hold him. She was about to tell him to cup his hands over his mouth when blood-curdling screams came from down the passageway. The sounds of hacking flesh echoed through the tunnel.
Aah! cried Shiro, running to her. Something touched me!
Behind where Shiro once stood, the ominous shape of a clawed hand seemed to be moving within the stone.
What is that? she asked, stepping back. This cant be good.
I dont know, he said, rabidly brushing his shoulder, but it touched me and I have to get it off!
He kept sweeping at the white cloth of his shirt, visibly repulsed and shaking, trying to remove something that wasnt there. Just then, from out of the russet colored wall, a massive animal stepped onto the ground. She grabbed Shiros arm and pulled him to her, backing them both away.
Surrounded by a cloud of swirling, brown dust, the monster shook its body, creating a small mound of dirt. The animal stood hunched like an ape with thick, long arms dangling below its bent knees. Its scabrous, dim gray skin trickled a blackish fluid. Two rows of sharp spikes lined its shoulders and arms, ending with platter-size hands where four long fingers boasted five-inch talons. Standing hunched, it was over six feet tall. The creatures white, glowing eyes tightened in anger as it glared at them. The beast opened its giant maw and roared with quivering lips, revealing blackened gums and rows of serrated dagger-like teeth. Rina squeezed Shiros arm.
Run! she shouted.
They dashed down the tunnel with the monster chasing them on all fours. It was scampering up and down the walls with ease and incredible speed.
I cant keep up! Shiro grunted through heavy breaths.
Yes, you can! shouted Rina. You go, I go. So run faster!
The animals claw latched onto Shiros shoulder and he hit the ground rolling. The creature leapt onto him and Shiro screamed in terror as it snapped at his face. With all her might, Rina swung her leg and kicked the beast in the head, knocking it off him. She quickly grabbed Shiros outstretched hands and yanked him up straight. The monster jumped to its feet with a growl. Another animal stepped out from the wall, hissing as it hobbled towards them, its hefty claws ready to sever their flesh. Rina and Shiro turned and bolted down a darker tunnel with the creatures in eager pursuit.


CHAPTER 10
Kalin

THE CAVES

Three spiked creatures jumped out of the wall, roaring and waving knife-like claws. Kalin leapt backwards and fired his Barra. A blue beam struck the nearest animal in the chest. It shrieked and stumbled backwards, falling to the ground in convulsions. The other beasts charged. Two laser shots from Marante and the monsters went down. Gaping holes opened their torsos, their bodies twitching with what life remained. The high-pitched whining of their Barras settled into a low hum. Kalin stared at the creatures whose skin was darkening as death rolled in.
A painful way to die, he thought.
He pressed a blue button on the side of the weapon and a tiny door slid open. Two small orbs appeared and he gently tapped the yellow one. A rotating holo displayed the three-dimensional specs on the weapon. He waved his hand through the holo and the settings readjusted.
What are they? he asked, noticing the foot-high mounds of dirt where the animals had manifested.
There is no record of this life form, said Marante, kneeling beside a beast. Its body was still and black in color. They have minimal intelligence and are indigenous to this world.
Set your Barra to incinerate. Kalin watched the door on the weapon slide shut. We have to find those Earth-humans. I need to know why Vorkis wants them.
Marante was busily studying the scanner. His telepathy hadnt picked up Kalins thought of using the two Earth-humans as bait. It would force Vorkis to come to himan ideal scenario. If Earths implosion became eminent, he would be sure to save the Earth-human pair for species regeneration. It was better odds than what he had.
Lets go, he said.
They hadnt jogged far through the tunnel when they heard voices up ahead. Kalin waved his hand for Marante to stay quiet. They crept along the tunnel wall, listening to what sounded like snapping bones. Around a bend, in a cavern, six Zorcon guards were sitting in a circle voraciously devouring their meal, their Barras resting alongside them on the earthen floor. In the center of the group lay the waste pile, a steaming mound of blackish-red human bones and raw viscera. Kalins stomach twisted. The smell was putrid, the blatant disregard for human life repulsive. Marante gagged loudly and quickly turned away, holding his mouth. Two Zorcons glowered in their direction. Human entrails dangled from their engorged cheeks. Kalin grabbed Marante by the arm and pulled him behind an outcrop.
Whats wrong with you? he whispered. You almost got us killed.
I will never get used to Zorcons, said Marante, whose nose was leaf-green and marble-sized. They are disgusting creatures.
Yeah, well, we have to pass those disgusting creatures and I need you to get a grip.
All right, answered Marante, flaccidly waving his hand in acceptance.
Kalin peeked over the boulders. The Zorcons had resumed their eating. He signaled Marante to follow. They quietly crept toward the feeding guards; ready to slip passed them when suddenly six of the same spiked animals that had previously attacked them leapt out of the walls, snarling at the Zorcons.
Oridians! shouted one of the guards.
The Zorcons went for their Barras but it was too late. The monsters lunged at them with flailing arms. They ripped and slashed at the guards, who screamed and fought to stay alive. The sharp talons of the beasts easily tore through the soft flesh, severing appendages. Within moments, all the Zorcons were dead. Pools of white blood and shredded limbs lay scattered on the ground.
A gray Oridian with a spike-ridden body picked up a detached head and began sucking an eyeball. A brown one tried to swipe the head away but the spiked one shoved him hard and he stumbled back. The brown animal roared and swung its claw, slicing open the spiked ones shoulder. The creature yelped and dropped the skull, clutching its bloodied wound. It growled at its enemy, exposing two-inch-long serrated teeth. Without warning, the spiked one bent its massive legs and jumped with such power it seemed to fly in the air before pouncing on its opponent. The two began fighting, swiping with their claws and biting each other. The other Oridians anxiously gathered around the pair, hooting and whooping as they jumped about, wildly waving their arms.
Its like an Uru death match, thought Kalin.
He signaled Marante. They cautiously moved past the boisterous crowd then ran down the tunnel until the sounds of the monsters were gone.
Marante checked his scanner. Apparently, the Oridians are only capable of detecting heat signatures no matter how low and odors but cannot perceive sound. The Zorcons were wearing Neth Blockers able to mask their heat and scent, but they malfunctioned due to the increasing electromagnetic field of the planet. I can create NBs to work around this; however, we must secure a location for this purpose.
Okay, but we need to hurry, said Kalin. Those Earth-humans need our help. Another stab of guilt.
What could Vorkis want from two Earth-humans? he wondered. Why didnt he just teleport them? He couldnt wait to talk to the two.
Using the scanner, Marante led them to a narrow entrance. He easily slipped through the slivered opening, but Kalin had to suck in his chest and ram himself in. After heaving and huffing his way for fifty feet, Kalin emerged behind Marante into a small cavern with several flat, knee-high boulders scattered about. Marante sat on one and sifted through his belted waist pouch, extracting the essentials to build the NBs. Kalin leaned against the wall, trying to catch his breath.
You couldve picked a better place to get into, said Kalin between heavy pants. My lungs are almost crushed.
Marante tossed him the scanner and he fumbled to catch it.
Stop being a baby and check our location.
Baby? said Kalin, annoyed at the put-down. You have no lungs. You breathe through your skin. And dont call me a baby, pencil-neck. Im surprised your head fit.
Baby, said Marante, never looking up.
A loud rumble shook the cavern. Clumps of loose dirt and stone cracked off the ceiling and walls as waves oscillated through the stone. Marante swooped up the equipment in his arms and huddled by the wall with Kalin. The shaking stopped abruptly. Clouds of dust particles flittered down like rain, settling on the ground.
That was nasty, said Kalin, eyeing their surroundings suspiciously. He placed the scanner on a boulder and hoisted his Barra. Those creatures came out of the walls.
Marante began rummaging through the items cradled in his arms. I have also created NBs for this chamber to make it a safe base.
Kalin had yet to meet someone that could equal Marantes intellect and speed with electronics. He always carried the basic devices already half-built in case of emergencies, and there were many times his ingenuity had saved their lives. His knowledge was impeccable.
Marante placed the bulk of the items on the boulder next to the scanner and went around the cavern pressing silver, coin-size devices onto the stone walls. When he finished, he took the scanner, stepped to the middle of the cavern and waved his hand over an orb. In the center of the flat discs, six tiny red lights blinked on. He tossed Kalin his NB.
She was a perfect replica of a Saleran female, said Marante, attaching the silver NB to his own tunic.
Not really, said Kalin. She was too short and she smelled different.
Saleran women had been special; their Lasgera Gland secreted an alluring scent, which they controlled, and no human male could resist it, including himself.
Its just something else I have to forget, Kalin thought, frustrated at never again being able to take in the sensual aroma. Suddenly a morbid thought entered his mind. What if the rumor of Vorkis was that hed located a female to have his child? Maybe an Earth-human female?
Just then, terrified screams of people exploded through the cavern. Kalin tapped the NB to his black vest and hurriedly slid through the crevice, mumbling obscenities all the way. He stopped at the main tunnel and peeked out. The two Earth-humans sped by him with snarling Oridians in pursuit.
Come on! he said.
They dashed after them.
A tunnel up ahead will loop around and take us in front of them, said Marante, reading the scanner.
Lead the way!
Marante took him into another tunnel and soon they came to the crossway. Stomping footsteps were closing in. Kalin raised the Barra to his cheek, ready to fire. When the pounding feet were almost upon him, he stepped into the passageway, blocking the oncoming Earth-humans.
Hit the dirt! he shouted.
The two dove onto the ground and rolled. Laser blasts sent high-pitched reverberations through the tunnel, disintegrating the two creatures into balls of yellow dust. Kalin stood behind the Earth-humans whose attention was on the ashes.
Theyre called Oridians, he said.
The girl turned around and Kalins heart sank. It had been a long time since hed seen big green eyes with long black lashes. Her skin was soft and clear; he doubted if shed ever had a pimple. A slender nose upended just above a set of moist lips. Her blue shorts and red shirt covered a body any man would die for. Marante appeared beside Kalin and the jaws of the two Earth-humans dropped open. He always had this effect on primitives, especially up close.
Are you all right? asked Kalin, staring at the female. She was focused on his friend. Hes harmless, he added, thumbing Marante. Except for his nose. It can jump start a cruiser when full blown.
You shut up, said Marante. My name is Marante of Chaslea, and this thing He pointed at Kalin. is my captain and comrade of many years, Kalin of Salera. It is good to meet you, Rina and Shiro of Earth.
How...how do you know our names? asked Shiro.
This guy has a strange lisp, thought Kalin, probably from his deformed teeth.
I agree, answered Marante.
Chasleans and Salerans are telepathic, Marante said aloud.
A bellowing boom split the air followed by a thunderous roar, shook the passageway. The tunnel rocked and swayed. Fractures raced up the walls and across the ceiling, bursting the stone apart.
Its at least a niner! yelled Rina.
Lets go! shouted Kalin.
He ran through a haze of black dust with the others close behind, keeping his senses in touch with theirs, making sure they were alive.
They need NBs, said Marante in his mind. We must make skin contact in order for our NBs to work on them.
We stop and we die, said Kalin, swerving and jumping over tumbling rubble.
The quaking ceased unexpectedly. Aside from the sprinkling sound of falling pebbles, an eerie silence hovered within the tunnel. Kalin studied their area. Behind them, down the passageway, black boulders covered the place theyd been. A cave-in. Plumes of steam rose out of six wide cracks that arced across the tunnel.
Earth does not have much time, said Marante. We must hurry.
Yeah, said Kalin, watching Marante brush off his dusty head.
The Earth-human called Shiro was bent over, resting his hands on his knees and gasping for air. The doll-face named Rina was coughing and leaning on the tunnel wall. Kalin saw fingers creep out of the stone behind her. He yanked her away and shot the beast. The blast echoed through the tunnel along with the shrill of the dying animal.
Thanks, she said, eyeing the ashes on the ground. Who are you?
We will answer your questions when we reach our safe base, said Marante, approaching them. To shield you from the sensory glands of the Oridians, you must wear what we call Neth Blockers, or NBs. He pointed to the silver pin on his black tunic.
Kalin noticed Shiro examining the cave wall where hundreds of egg-sized crimson balls protruded.
What are these? asked Shiro, gently touching a bulb. Ive never seen this type of rock before.
I dont know, said Kalin, feeling its smoothness. Marante, do a scan.
An animal roar echoed in the tunnel.
Marante took Rinas hand. Quickly! We must make skin contact for our NBs to work on you. Our safe base is not far from here. Come!
He ran off with Rina. Kalin eyed Shiro. 
Im not holding your hand, said Kalin.
He grasped the nape of Shiros neck and they began their jog. Kalin noticed the girl didnt have a problem keeping up the pace. She was firm and tight, her long, silky hair bouncing to the trots. The resemblance was uncanny.
In here, said Marante, waving at them.
Shiro stopped at the narrow entrance and stared. Ill never fit.
Yes, you will, said Marante, clutching his arm. Your torso is soft. Come.
Marante and Shiro went in first, then Rina and Kalin. Shiros grunts got louder as he squeezed further into the crevice.
You are doing fine, Shiro, said Marante. We are almost there.
Rina was sliding through unrestricted, and pushing Shiro from behind. Kalin hoped Shiro didnt get stuck; using his strength might hurt him. Shiro exited the tunnel and fell to his knees, gasping for air. Rina knelt beside him and patted his back.
See, she said with a smile. You made it.
Barely.
She helped him to stand. Sit over here and relax.
One of the wall NBs was on the ground. Kalin put it back up while Marante began working.
Now tell me, said Rina with her arm around Shiro, whats happening to our world?
The most vicious criminal in history is here within your planet and we are here to capture him, answered Marante, his focus on the scanner. The six wall NBs lit up. His name is Vorkis. He has been sentenced to death for the genocide of the Salerans, Kalins people.
All Salerans? Shiro said in surprise.
All of them, except me, Kalin said, irritated he may have to explain the whole matter. He slaughtered everyone with a lethal virus and Im here to execute him.
So youre the last Saleran? asked Rina curiously.
Sort of, he said, turning away ashamed. Vorkis is my soon-to-be-dead cousin.
Your cousin killed his own family? said Shiro, disbelief in his voice. His breathing was almost normal now. What kind of a man would do that?
A cold-blooded murderer, said Kalin, and I dont want to talk about it. The acrid revelation was torturous, a twisting dagger forever in his side.
So, said Rina, how are we standing in a place where the pressure is over fifty million pounds per square inch? We should be flatter than paper.
Marante went on to explain how Vorkis used REMs to penetrate the planet and create the vast complex. He told them about the Borit Reactor and according to the scans, Vorkis had two ounces of Pril; three was all he needed to destroy any world. Kalin watched Rina closely. She was intrigued with his friend, studying his physique.
A brainer, he thought, too smart to know whats good for her.
He lifted one foot onto the boulder next to Rina and raised the Barra to his cheek, checking the alignment, hoping to get her attention. It worked.
So why did you bring us here? she asked.
We didnt, said Kalin. Her eyes were a mesmerizing ocean green. Vorkis did. So you tell me why youre here.
Maybe hes horny, said Shiro. Everyone turned their heads to him. Shes pretty, he said, shrugging his shoulders. 
Rina slapped his arm. Maybe he wants you, hero.
Kalin sat next to Rina. Vorkis is not into men. He prefers women, but thats not the issue. You must have something he wants.
Rina glanced at Shiro. Were geophysicists. The only thing we have is knowledge of Earth.
What you call knowledge most children are learning at the age of two, scoffed Kalin. Your race is primitive when it comes to planetary sciences. No, it has to be something you physically possess.
Rinas expression changed from curious to angry. She stood up and raised her arms, gesturing down her body. The dirt from the dive onto the earthen floor couldnt hide the shapely legs and curvy figure.
This is it, she said. We dont possess anything of value.
Maybe it is your looks, said Kalin, ogling her.
Youre sick, she said. Keep the leers to yourself. I mean it.
Dont tell me what to do, he said sternly. He had to set the boundaries with this fireball. Keeping secrets is not going to save your world.
What secrets? said Shiro. We have none. Go ahead. Strip-search her. I dare you.
Rinas eyelids shrank to menacing slits. Touch me and youre dead. I said I have nothing. Whether you believe it or not, its the truth.
He got up and stepped closer to her. She didnt budge. Shes not afraid of me. Youre lying, he said, and I will get it out of you.
I tell you what, she said, pushing up on her toes to get closer to his face. He sensed she was frustrated at her five-foot height. When you find out what it is I have, you can tell me about it. But until then, dont call me a liar.
A snorting laugh came from Marante. She is taking you on, he said to Kalin in his mind.
She wont win, Kalin answered.
Maybe. Marante sprang to his feet. We are ready, Captain. Rina, Shiro, press these to your clothing.
He tossed a silver NB to Shiro, who attached it to the collar of his white shirt. Marante walked to Rina and handed her the other. 
With this, the Oridians will be unable to detect your heat signature nor scent. Guard it, my lady.
Whats that? she asked, pointing to his left upper sleeve.
It is my Comlink, he replied, rubbing his finger over the gold, triangular pin, a communication device. We cannot use it here for fear of detection. Which reminds me. He turned to Kalin. With all the shooting, Vorkis is certain to know we are in the vicinity.
Good, said Kalin. Bring him on. He walked to the narrow exit tunnel and stood, waving his hand forward. This way, your Short Highness.
A lethal glare from Rina told him she didnt appreciate the appellation.
Where are we going? said Shiro, rubbing his forehead in exasperation. Cant we stay here?
Our primary goal is to destroy Vorkis Command Center, said Marante. Come, you will be fine. He went into the crevasse first pulling Shiro behind him. 
Kalin scrutinized Rina as she pressed the NB to her red shirt. There was something deep within her mind, out of reach, hidden. He would have to continue his probes. She resembled Kara, one of his former girlfriends hed left behind and one of the most beautiful women on Salera. After hed left to work with the Federation, Kara took up with Vorkis and Kalin noticed a change in her personality. When hed last spoken with her from the Quasar, shed refused to look him in the face. Instead, shed kept her head low and never made eye contact. The conversation was short and to the point, a remarkable difference from the old self-involved Kara. Three months later she died in a mysterious fire. Vorkis was cleared of all charges concerning her death and soon after began his assignment for the Federation searching for Pril.
Rinas beauty surpassed even Karas, he mused. Then he sucked in his breath, shocked at the notion.
Could she be working for Vorkis?
His hatred for Vorkis was equally reciprocated. Had he placed Rina here as a distraction? Possibly as a spy? Her consciousness harbored high levels of cautiousness and concerna strong concern for someone else besides Shiro.
As far back as he could remember, Vorkis had always had a beautiful woman on his arm, doing his dirty work, and this one was by far the prettiest. But where did Shiro come in? The chubby Earth-humans uncertainty and confusion were innocenttypical emotions sustained by someone unfamiliar with life outside their world. The female was the connection. He was sure of it. Hot anger began building up inside him.
Steady, Kalin, he said to himself. Dont lose it now.
His hatred was like a bubble that threatened to burst. Here, in front of him, was someone who may be working for Vorkis and he had to wait. Time would expose her plan and patience would justify his killing her, but self-control was nearly impossible. The need to choke it out of her was getting stronger. He had to make it difficult for her, press her into revealing her plan.
You have no proof, said Marante in Kalins mind.
Shes hiding something and Vorkis is involved, said Kalin. I swear, Marante, if shes working for him, Ill bleed her until theres nothing left.
She may be telling the truth, said Marante. Your hatred is consuming you, my friend. Allow your conscience to guide you, not your heart.
If I could do that, I wouldnt be here, said Kalin.
Darn, Rina said, wadding her hair into a bun. I knew I should have clipped it this morning.
Sometime today, doll, said Kalin, hoping to irritate her with the cutesy name.
Must you be so childish? she said before slipping into the passage.
Child? Ill give you child, he thought. Time in a Telvor Beam would fix you.
He slid into the crevice behind Rina, thinking of different ways to torture her. The Telvor Beam was used for medicinal purposes but could be altered to create unimaginable pain. A whiff of perfume floated his way. 
It would be a shame to kill her. 
What attracted women to such a hideous personality as Vorkis? It had to be something Vorkis had concocted, some kind of biochemical, after all, that was his specialty. He was startled to bump into Rina who had stopped just before the exit. She was pushing Shiro.
Its not working, said Shiro, his voice squeaking from his constriction. I cant move.
He is truly wedged, said Marante, who was outside the crevice in the main tunnel, pulling Shiros arm. 
Hurry up, said Shiro. I cant breathe.
Kalin reached over Rinas head and pressed his hand against Shiros upper arm. Suck it in on my count. One, two, three.
Shiro yelped and flew out of the crevice. He bashed sideways into the far wall with a thud, then moaned as he slumped to the ground.
Did you have to push so hard, King Kong? said Rina, rushing to Shiro.
Im sorry, said Kalin, exiting the tunnel. I thought I was gentle.
What is a King Kong? asked Marante, kneeling beside Shiro and checking his vitals with the scanner.
Its an old Earth-human movie about a big ape, said Kalin smirking, aware of Marantes hatred for Earth-human thrillers. The insects are great.
Marantes eyes formed into dark slits. A loud groan came from Shiro as Rina helped him off the floor. Ragged tears opened both sides of his white shirt.
Sorry, said Kalin. Pink splotches covered Shiros puffy face, a sign of high compression. Are you all right?
Yeah, said Shiro. Ill live. Thanks.
A low rumble grew louder.
Another quake? asked Shiro, suddenly totally awake.
No, said Rina. The feel is different. It sounds like...thumping. Listen.
Kalin ground the soles of his black boots into the dirt. She was right. Impact tremors.
Scorpion! yelled Shiro, pointing down the tunnel. 
A fifty-foot-tall arachnid was charging at full speed.


CHAPTER 11
Justin

OSRI

Justin sat in his office reading the article for the fourth time. Tanya Jensen-Baxters account was the only existing description of what had happened to Las Vegas. Not even satellite imagery could break through the metallic clouds above the city. The military was helpless against the acid rain and the scientists hadnt had enough time to figure out how to combat it. The destruction took less than seven hours. When the rain ate its way through the hard dirt, it hit the aquifer, causing a rapid vaporization and resulting in a monstrous sinkhole. The whole city dropped into the valley floor. Over eleven million people were dead, swallowed forever.
Theyd found Tanya with her arms tightly clamped around the sleeping bag, her face buried in the cloth, everything below her waist eaten away. Brenda Jensen gave permission to print the letter in its entirety in an effort to help save the planet. Justin couldnt help feeling the mothers pain. To lose a child was the worst tragedy of all, but to lose one that way had to be devastating. His heart pounded, and he rubbed his chest through his white shirt, crinkling his paisley blue tie.
I have to stop reading this article, he thought. Its killing me.
He put the paper down on his maple desk and noticed Marys ring wasnt on his finger. He remembered leaving it at Rinas terminal in the MCC after hed washed his hands. He gazed at a marine tapestry on the wall; its vibrant colors lashed out like fireworks, a reminder of how much Mary had loved the sea.
She had decorated his office with every kind of nautical and sea ornament ever made on Earth. Every week shed come in with something new to either hang on the wall or place on a desk or table. Every piece of wood was carved into some form of aquatic life, including his desk where a multitude of sculptured dolphins, whales, and assorted marine creatures sat beneath the clear glass atop. Even the legs and the ends of the padded armrests of the two maroon-colored chairs in front of his desk were chiseled into the heads and bodies of Beluga Whales.
A solemn emptiness crept up inside him. The three years shed been dead had felt like a century. When she died, he decided to leave the office just the way it was, a memoriam to a beautiful person. He missed her so much.
He glanced at his left hand again. If Rina discovered the ring was missing from his finger, shed be upset. She never removed her pendant, not even for showers and pools. The cell phone clipped to his belt showed no messages from Rina. She must have had some night. The chiming of the black phone startled him. The caller ID said it was his old friend Admiral Payton Williams.
Hows it going, Payt? asked Justin, clearing his throat.
Im fine, he said. I cant believe you left me here with these irritants. Some friend you are. How did you convince the President to let you go?
I showed him the letter of the young girl who died in Las Vegas. Did you get the gift I sent to your room?
Yes, I did, answered Payton happily, and I called to say thank you. Its the best gift Ive ever gotten. Pickles and ice cream.
I cant believe your taste in food, said Justin, chuckling. Are you sure youre not pregnant?
Yes, Im quite sure, said Payton. My wife says the same thing and youd better not tell anyone. Only you and she are privy to that secret. 
The office door opened abruptly and General Bauman marched in. Refusing to knock was typical of him. He stood at attention between the two chairs. Justin wondered if Bauman ever lightened up; he was always stiff as a board.
He probably sleeps standing up, he thought.
I have to go, said Justin. Something just came up. Bauman glared at him. Ill talk to you later, Payt. He hung up the phone.
The President released you? asked Bauman.
Yes, answered Justin, holding back a laugh. I was released from captivity after I pointed out if there was no world to save, why the Peace Conference?
Bauman nodded and eased into a leather chair. His demeanor was calm, relaxed, yet beads of moisture glistened from between his thinning hair, and the few strands across the top of his head had frizzed. His facial wrinkles were deeper, more carved, and his steel-gray eyes were bloodshot. Something was wrong.
I agree, said Bauman. We need to talk.
There was another knock on the door and Justins secretary, Barbara, poked her head in. Her bleached white hair and heavy blue eye make-up belied her agethirty-fiveand her status of wife and mother of two, as well as her unshakable commitment to her job. Although better offers had come along, she refused to leave claiming OSRI was her home.
Im sorry to interrupt, she said, furtively glancing back into the hallway, but Im going to dinner. Ill see you in an hour.
Enjoy yourself, said Justin, noting Bauman hadnt turned his head to acknowledge her.
Darn right I will, she said. Its the second time in three days the military is picking up the tab and Im taking advantage of it. Ill bring you back something.
Thank you, said Justin.
Barbara left, shutting the door. Bauman walked to the window and peeked through the putty-colored verticals at the parking lot below. He was a firm, bulky man whose silhouette filled half the height of a single floor-to-ceiling window.
So what can I help you with, General? asked Justin, hearing the faint sounds of car doors slamming.
The world wants answers, Doctor, said Bauman, strolling back to his seat. He straightened his jacket and ran his hand over the wiry threads on his head before sitting down. I have a way to save the human race, and I believe a man of your stature is needed. He took a deep breath and relaxed back in the seat, leaning his elbows on the armrests and clasping his hands in front of him. He continued, Due to the worlds apparent lack of leadership, weve formed an organization that will ensure the eternity of mankind. The New Continuum will provide a perfect government for all remaining survivors of our new found world.
Survivors? asked Justin, scratching his head. New Continuum? What are you talking about?
Bauman suspired then continued, The New Continuum has been founded by a handful of respectable men taken from high-levels of society, who have, in some way, contributed to the greatness of our race. These men, including myself, have formulated a plan to rid the world of the unwanted, those who give nothing to our way of life such as the hundreds of worthless beings set around the ring of fire
Wait a minute, said Justin, confused, trying to assimilate his words. Are you talking about killing people? Is this a joke?
Not at all, Doctor, and kill is such a crude word, said Bauman. Lets just say were going to clean house. In order for the perfect society to flourish, all refuse must be discarded. Blacks, Orientals, Asians, Latins, and the list goes on, every race, excluding the whites, have to be eliminated. This is an important step to perfection that must be carried out.
Justin sat up horrified, his words stuck in his throat. He caught his breath and spoke. This is lunacy! You sound like Hitler. Have you lost your mind? You cant....
Hitler had the right idea, interrupted Bauman, but he did it wrong. There wont be any need for us to build gas chambers or have concentration camps, you see, the Earth is going to do the majority of work for us. Three hundred and fifty nuclear warheads at fifty megatons each have been placed within the Challenger Deep. When they ignite, so will half the worlds ground faults, henceforth, taking care of most of our problems. Its a perfect plan developed by resourceful minds and whoever doesnt die in the initial blast will be used to serve the greater. Were hoping youll join us in our crusade to save mankind from itself and birth a new civilization where only peace will rule.
Justin jumped to his feet. This is an outrage! How can you turn on your world?
I havent, said Bauman, snorting a breath. Were trying to save it.
Killing innocent people is manslaughter in any book.
Its a shame theres no changing your mind, said Bauman. Your knowledge would have been useful.
He squeezed his wristwatch and two guards entered the office carrying XL-20 rifles on their shoulders and S-8 pistols on their belts. They closed the door behind them.
Ill ask you this last time, he said. Will you join us?
Absolutely not, said Justin. My daughter was right when she said youre a selfish, pathetic man who hides behind a uniform. Youre a coward.
She said that? said Bauman, grinning. Do you know where your daughter is, Doctor?
Justin stood there motionless. Could he actually have Rina? It cant be. Not my baby.
Suddenly, the two soldiers rushed him, grabbed his arms and held him in place. The one to Justins left was young with blonde, buzzed hair, the name Rick stitched above the pocket of his gray and white camouflage uniform. The other guard, Joe, was on his right and older in years, with brown hair and silver stubs at the temples. A jagged scar crossed his left cheek. Bauman was shutting the vertical blinds.
Whats going on? asked Justin, struggling to free himself. Wheres Rina?
I gave you your chance, said Bauman, returning to his seat. The world is going to be ours with or without you. Your time has ended.
Wheres my daughter?
Bauman made a slight nod at his soldiers. Rick yanked the chair away and Joe punched Justin in the face, sending him reeling into the wall where Rick rammed a fist into his stomach. For a moment, Justin had no idea of his surroundings. The shock of the incident had him doubled over in pain and disoriented. It took several breaths before he gathered his thoughts.
Why? asked Justin, slowly standing straight. He used the top of his hand to wipe the blood from his sliced bottom lip.
Bauman nodded his head again. Rick kicked the chair back and Joe shoved him into the seat. The nauseating puke was getting closer to his throat. Bauman was smirking.
The President will hear about this, said Justin.
Bauman didnt flinch. He nodded and the two soldiers hurried to his side, standing at attention.
Ever since your daughter broke into our system it hasnt been the same, said Bauman. Her virus destroyed all the main hard drives, including those of the back-up computers. We lost a vital program used for viewing potential hazards to this government. Wed be fools to allow her to run loose in the system. Shes a danger to our way of life.
My daughter sent that virus because you came back to steal more of her programs.
Indeed, I did, said Bauman. We needed more and she would have refused us. Our actions were justified.
Youve lost your mind, scoffed Justin. You want to murder the majority of the human race and you think youre rational? Wheres my daughter?
In good time, Doctor, said Bauman.
Justin knew he had to settle down. Perhaps reasoning with the monster would work. Lets see, he said, doing a quick mental calculation. Three hundred and fifty nukes at fifty-megatons each and youll be releasing the equivalent of over two hundred million tons of TNT into the deepest crack in the world. What makes you think anyone on this planet will survive?
Weve estimated an eighth of the worlds current population would remain, said Bauman. This works to our advantage. With so few left, we wont have any problem assuming command and we can start anew.
There was a sense of dedication and determination in Baumans voice that turned Justins blood cold. Hed actually convinced himself it would work.
Youll be exterminating whole races of people, whole families, and our heritage. Justin turned to Joe. Do you have any children? A mother? Father?
Bauman promptly interjected. These fine soldiers are loyal to their General. Innocent lives are always lost when peace is attempted. This plan will guarantee humanitys survival.
Justin vaulted out of his chair and bashed his fist on the desk. Who are you to play God? You and your colleagues are worse than Hitler!
Bauman sprang from his seat. Enough of this bullcrap! He slammed his hands on the desk, the wiry strands of hair whisking across his pinched forehead as he scowled at Justin. 
You scientists created our unjust society and if any of your kind survives, Ill have them slaughtered first!
Baumans tanned skin changed to a purplish-red color. His rapid breaths shot spittle through his clenched teeth. Bloodshot eyes bulged from their sockets, anxious and ready to kill. His right eye began twitching feverishly, but he kept his glare on Justin as he panted with nostrils flaring. Almost instantly, his eye stopped its spasm, his skin lightened in color, and his shoulders relaxed. His familiar callous expression returned. Bauman straightened and gently tugged at the ends of his sleeves.
Two personalities?
Have you seen your daughter lately? asked Bauman. I know exactly where she is, Young.
Justin didnt recall seeing Rina at all today, not even last night. It was common for her to stay all night working on the project and he wasnt used to keeping tabs on her. An uncontrollable hate began simmering within.
Where is she? he asked in a hardened voice.
Bauman bellowed an insidious laugh. At the bottom of the Mariana Trench with Shiro.
Justin leapt across the desk and swung his fist straight into Baumans nose. The blunt force was so strong Bauman tumbled back onto the floor. A second later, Justin was peering inside the dark barrel of an S-8 pistol.
Wait! said Bauman, waving off Joe while Rick helped him off the floor.
Joe immediately backed away from the desk, keeping the gun aimed at Justin and signaling him to sit in his chair. Justin slid off the desk and sat, his stare riveted on Bauman.
Youre a liar, said Justin. I dont believe you.
No matter, said Bauman calmly, using his handkerchief to pat the blood draining from his nose. Its over for you. Gentlemen, complete Phase II.
Rick unshouldered his XL-20 and pointed it at Justin. Joe walked around the desk and stood at Justins left side, facing the entry door, his back to the window. He reached into a Velcro flap on his pants, screwed the silencer onto the gun, and held it to Justins head. Rick attached a black suppressor to his rifle.
This is happening too fast, thought Justin.
Whats his promise? Justin asked the two men. Money? Safety? If its safety, forget it. If every nuclear bomb were set off simultaneously, they wouldnt touch the amount of energy this planet will release. You wont survive even in a jet flying thirty-five thousand feet up. Debris will saturate the atmosphere. The very dirt beneath us will boil. The magma under the crust will burst through the hundreds of fault zones and
Justin shut up when the cold metal of the gun barrel pressed into his temple.
Weve taken everything into account, Doctor, said Bauman. During the initial rupture of the planet, well be flying in a jet at a safe distance from the failing fault zones. From there, well assess the damage and remaining life. When the planet settles, well land and continue our quest. The plan is simple
There was a knock on the door.
Come in! yelled Justin, not giving Bauman and his men a chance to stop him.
Rick quickly lowered his rifle, pointing it to the floor. Joe moved his gun down into Justins side near his armpit. Barbara and six people entered the office.
I hope were not interrupting anything important, she said. We felt bad you couldnt come, Dr. Young, so we brought our food back to eat with you.
You have perfect timing, said Justin as the gun jammed into his upper ribs. Come in, he said tightly, ignoring the pain. The General was just leaving. 
Excuse the doctor, said Bauman, but were having a private conversation.
Nonsense, said Justin. Theres nothing these people cant hear.
Joe rammed the gun into Justins side and twisted the barrel, wrenching his skin. He dared not flinch. Barbara was looking at him strangely.
Is your lip bleeding? she asked.
Yes, said Justin. He turned to Bauman. Its over, General.
So it seems, said Bauman, who nodded at his men.
Rick stepped in front of Bauman and Joe moved to the side of the desk. Both aimed their weapons at the group near the doorway.
Whats going on? Barbara asked.
Justin lunged in front of Barbara just as the two soldiers began firing into the crowd.


CHAPTER 12
Vorkis

The Earth-human male was forty-two years old with thinning brown hair and a rounded gut. Splotches of dried, caked food crusted his upper sleeves and the front of his shirt. Two faded brown elastic bands stretched over his soft shoulders and clipped to his torn blue pants, apparently to hold them up.
Another vagrant, thought Vorkis. He will not be missed.
The frightened man kicked and screamed, fighting to free himself. Two Zorcons dragged him to the round yellow floor pad of the Telvor Beam that sat to the side of a full-sized standing mirror. They held him on top of the pad until a transparent beam swirled up from the mat and encircled him in a clear capsule. The two released the man and stepped back. Vorkis watched the Zorcons in the mirror. They were eagerly observing him, anxious to slurp up his fear, their frothing mouths craving for human meat.
Unable to move his arms and legs, he began pleading for his life, crying pitifully, begging for mercy. The two Zorcons raised their claws and moved closer, snarling and hissing, their white serrated teeth in stark contrast against the blood-red color of their mouths. A terrifying sight to any human. With lightning speed, they swung their claws and ripped open his torso. The man wailed in horror as they tore out his organs.
Off in the corner, Vorkis stood in silent amusement. The physical form of Zorcons was despicable but their habits were entertaining. He clasped his hands behind his back, content his plan was working. Soon he would have enough Pril to demand anything from the Federation, even the Federation itself.
His eye caught another mirror on the wall beside him. Although despising his Saleran heritage, he was proud of the nobility he radiated. He ran his fingers through his thick black hair, the waves settling perfectly into place, a Saleran trait he appreciated.
I will never see baldness.
He shifted his head side to side, checking his trimmed beard, which led to a mustache, circling his thin lips. He slid his fingers along his square jaw, a duly notable vainglorious attribute, and one exemplifying his authority. Puffing out his chest, he tugged on the hem of his dark gray tunic, feeling it straighten around his broad shoulders. Only his cousin could match his tall, menacing physique, and soon he would be gone.
Kalin was like an infected wound, an unending torment usurping his dreams. He had almost rid himself of the House of Altor and all those who followed him, but the one Saleran gnawing away at his soul was still alive.
Patience, he thought. I will smell his blood soon.
He heard the approaching footsteps of Taru, his Captain of the Guard. The tall, thin Zorcon stopped at his side and began whispering into his ear. Zorcons had a body temperature of 68.4 degrees, and Vorkis loathed the feel of the cold gel covering their skin, killing any Zorcon who dared touch him. He quickly turned his head and Taru gasped, immediately pulling back.
Lead on, said Vorkis. Missed another kill.
They left the feeding Zorcons and headed for his Avec, a lustrous black, domed-shaped vehicle. Taru touched a dulled square on the outside and instantly yellow static flared, dissolving into a six-foot wide entrance into the vehicle. The scent of perfumed air rushed into Vorkis nostrils and he inhaled the rich aroma. There was no need for everything to smell of Zorcons. The plush white seats faced each other; Vorkis sat in the rear and Taru took a seat across from him. The Avec lifted then zoomed down the tunnel.
Are we ready? asked Vorkis, keeping his expression stiff. The skeletal guise of Zorcons was never pleasing to look at. 
Yes, my lord, said Taru, his voice clear and robotic. All is complete.
Tarus glowing eyes were a fierce red, like a monster of nightmares. With the star charts stolen from Salera, he knew which planets contained the best eating humans, and these rebels were obedient, provided he fed them live meat. Earth-humans were an easy capture and he would be sure to take enough of them in supply.
Excellent, said Vorkis. And how is our spy doing?
Your servant is gathering the information as we speak, said Taru. The Quasar will soon be yours.
Vorkis nodded. His first plan failed with the survival of Kalin but this one would enunciate his superiority. It was flawless.
Red lights blinked passed him. The interior of the complex was inlaid with NBs but the closer the planet came to implosion, the more difficult it was to control the magnetism. Many were faltering.
The Avec drove into a large, spacious cavern and stopped. The room was empty of furniture except for an ebony desk, a small disposal, and his Sarvin light, the latest means of healing and cleansing oneself; a must for survival amongst Zorcons. Hundreds of NBs netted the walls and ceiling. He stepped out of the vehicle and the ground shuddered beneath his feet. A cloud of dust drifted down.
The implosion is on schedule, my lord, said Taru.
Good, said Vorkis, restraightening his tunic.
He sat behind the shiny desk, a replica of Kalins on the Quasar. Several recessed orbs emerged and a holo displayed the rotating planet Earth. He grinned at the thought of what the Earth-human General was devising for his world. Vorkis original plan to destroy the planet began with an experiment. Several REMs were used to uplift the Earths crust in one of the deep trenches, and the results were more than what hed expectedthey were fantastic. But this Earth-human General was going to blow up his own world. Vorkis smiled wider. All he had to do was sit back and savor the show.
Ten Zorcons marched into the cavern escorting a handcuffed Zorcon. They stopped and the guards surrounded Commander Yan who was visibly shaking. Yans knees knocked audibly. Vorkis approached him, exhilarated at the mans terror.
How did a helpless Earth-human female escape you? asked Vorkis, keeping his stare fixed on the Zorcons eyes.
We did all we could, Your Highness, implored Yan. Pink beads of sweat sprinkled his transparent forehead. Our NBs failed in the tunnel. The Oridians attacked and I barely escaped. The vicious animals slaughtered two of your loyal servants, Sire.
Your stupidity is what killed those men, said Vorkis, and you allowed the largest piece of Pril ever discovered to slip through your fingers. This is treason.
Yan fell to his knees pleading. My lord, she is in the complex. Please allow me to find her. I will not fail you again.
Anger overwhelmed Vorkis. He swung his arm and backhanded Yan in the face, knocking him to the floor.
No one defies me, he said through gritted teeth.
With one hand, he lifted Yan by his gray tunic and threw him across the room. He smashed into the wall; the sounds of cracking bones resonated through the chamber. Yan went limp and slid to the ground on his side. Vorkis kicked him onto his back and stood, straddling him. Yans eyes were wide open in terror.
Youre right, said Vorkis in a calm voice. You will not fail me again.
He grabbed Yans neck and squeezed, compressing his airway, watching as the guards transparent skin changed to an opaque purple. Vorkis reeled his arm back and plunged his fist into Yans chest. He held it inside, moving it about, tearing at his innards as he watched the crimson eyes slowly whiten. When he extracted his hand, Yans pumping heart was in it. White blood sprayed everywhere, drenching Vorkis black pants and gray tunic.
He stepped to the side of the corpse and flung the still-beating heart at the guards. The soldiers jumped back, terrified, huddling together for safety.
Theyre cowards who can only serve, thought Vorkis. This is what happens to those who fail me. Make sure everyone knows this.
He glanced at Taru, who snapped his fingers. Two guards rushed over to the mutilated corpse and dragged it off with the other soldiers following them out the door. Taru remained. Vorkis picked up the fluttering heart and tossed it into the small green can beside the desk where it disintegrated in a puff of smoke. His gaze went down his body to his black boots. He hated Zorcon filth. In the corner of the cavern, shining down from the ceiling was the hazy amber glow of his Sarvin light. He stood under it and raised his arms horizontally. The light turned a deep orange, the warm, soothing sensation caused tingles to dance on his skin throughout his whole body. Of all Saleran creations, this one was his favorite because of its ability to regenerate cellular growth, thereby healing wounds and, of course, purging any filth. A satchel filled with Sarvin Crystals always remained in his pocket, for many desired his power.
A ping sounded and a holo rose up from his desk. It was Maruke, Tarus cousin. Vorkis nodded at Taru to take the message.
Speak, Maruke, said Taru, standing behind the desk.
Sir, Kalin and Marante are in the complex. What are your orders?
Do nothing, said Vorkis loudly, approaching the desk. He placed his hands on the table and leaned in closer to the holo. Maruke was just as grotesque as Taru. Do not kill Kalin. I repeat, do not kill Kalin. Keep strict watch of his movements, but do not kill him. Do you understand?
Repeating his orders was a necessary habit; sometimes they just didnt get it.
Yes, Your Highness, said Maruke. I will obey.
The holo disappeared and Vorkis sat in his chair.
Finally, to be rid of my enemy at last, he said. He swung his feet on the desk. Soon, I will be the King of Salera and all that knowledge will be mine. Taru, youre looking at the man who will destroy the Federation. Does this please you?
Taru bowed to Vorkis. Yes, my lord. The destruction of the Federation indeed pleases me. May I ask a question?
Taru knows his place, thought Vorkis. Yes, go on.
How, my lord, can you access the codes to Saleras planetary shield? Kalin has altered its configuration; if he is terminated, the changes will die with him.
Saleras defenses can be broken, but time is what I need. With Kalin dead, I will have this. Have you located the girl?
No, Your Highness, answered Taru. She and her companion continue to elude us. I believe the concentration of Pril she is wearing is interfering with our signal, but we will find her. She is the only female loose in this complex.
Indeed, said Vorkis, sitting forward, but we must find her before Kalin does. I dont want them to meet. Do you understand?
Yes, my lord, said Taru. I will obey.
Now fetch me the General. I must have a word with him.
Yes, my lord. Taru bowed and left the room.
Vorkis rested back in his chair. He tapped a pink orb on the desk and a holo appeared. Hed been studying this Oridian nest for over two months. The Zorcon word meant twisted, dangerous one, an appropriate name. The malformed creatures were accustomed to a lightless world, their eyes glowing white as they shuffled about the vast chamber. A moving river split their domicile in two. On one side, the female cows cared for the eggs and newborn calves. The other side was the dwelling of the male bull Oridians.
A female Oridian standing ten feet tall hobbled over to a section of wall, her red crest of softened flab showing her distinction, the egg layer. Vorkis named her One, for she was the strongest and largest, the Alpha-cow. The hunched creature turned around and glanced across the water. No females dared to pass into the domain of the bulls for fear of their voracious appetites. She shifted her gaze to the young hatchlings far from the waters edge and near the back wall where older cows tended the calves, their small bodies full of energy and bouncing about.
Instinct is what leads her, yet she is shrewd and cautious, thought Vorkis. Qualities that have kept her alive.
Six weeks ago, this female assumed her high position by butchering the previous cow while she slept. After tearing out her heart, she held it up for all to see, displaying her claim as their new leader. Afterwards, she methodically went around the cavern slashing open the hard red bulbs partially embedded in the rock face, killing the unborn fetuses of her predecessor. Of the live nest, only those who did obeisance survived; the others were slaughtered and eaten. A meal she readily shared thereby strengthening her authority.
A display of power with outstanding results, thought Vorkis, remembering his gratification with Yan.
One turned around and faced the wall where her eggs lay. Her long black tongue carefully slid over the ovules, coating them with a thick slime containing all the necessary nutrients. A juvenile female, a fourth of Ones height, hopped over to her excited and squealing. One was extremely unpredictable. Sometimes she was the loving mother with her calves, tenderly playing with them, however, other times hed seen her tear them to pieces without provocation. She growled at the young one, her lips quivering over dagger-like teeth that snapped at the calf. It yelped and stumbled back frightened, then ran off to the nest.
Again, One suspiciously eyed the males. Vorkis had seen her slay many of her bull companions after mating. Towering over them, it was an easy victory. She hobbled to the rivers edge, her long arms dragging on the ground. Four males were feasting on a mutilated Zorcon; their bodies glistened with moisture, a sign of hunger. Normally they would eat large insects but lately Zorcons had become their favorite food. Bones and torn appendages lay scattered on the earthen floor. They ate briskly, keeping their stare on One.
They would love to kill her, he thought.
One turned about and made her way to another section of wall at the far end of the cavern. She resumed her egg feeding. Vorkis noticed a male hatchling, no more than three weeks old, hiding behind an outcrop. He sat up anxiously and watched the youngster cautiously crawl towards the waterway, his body sweating with hunger. The fledgling stood up and quietly slipped into the water up to his neck. From the far nest, a guardian female called with several loud whoops. One yelped and dashed to the riverbank, knuckle-running at a tremendous speed, desperate to save her calf. On the waters edge, she stood straight up, her hump protruding like a giant swell in her back, a massive animal calling for her infant with howls and yawps. Other cows assembled beside her and called, but the calf was defiant and dipped under the water. Vorkis saw it quietly crawl out on the opposite side, hiding behind a boulder close to the feeding bulls.
The baby reached out and snatched a severed hand, pulling it back to him, caressing it to his chest like a gifted prize, nervously looking about.
One stopped her calls and slowly backed away.
A male Oridian was squatting on the boulder staring down at the little one. He leapt onto the calf and dug his teeth into the soft skin of its shoulder. The youngling screamed and dropped the hand, wildly writhing in fits of pain, trying to free itself. The bull wrapped its large hand around the calfs head and with one pull, ripped it off the body. He held it high in the air, waving it about and screeching, proud of his victory, then angrily flung it across the river. It bounced, landing near the feet of One. She growled at the male and kicked the head into the water. As it floated away, the other bulls joined in on the kill, tearing at the decapitated body. One hopped away, squawking at the other cows, who immediately returned to their work.
Vorkis tapped the orb and the holo disappeared.
He always enjoyed a good laugh.


CHAPTER 13
Marante

Run! yelled Marante.
The frightening taps of the scorpions feet made him want to sprint faster, but that would mean passing up Rina and Shiro and leaving them behind. He glanced back. The insect was zigzagging up and down the walls, avoiding boulders, speeding through the tunnel with remarkable agility. It banged one of its massive claws on the stone ceiling and the tunnel shook, almost making them fall.
Follow me! shouted Marante, studying the scanner and turning left into the cave.
Without warning, the scanner shut off.
A malfunction? thought Marante. I had just calibrated it.
He tapped each of the tiny orbs, hoping one of them would revive the picture, but none responded. Without the map, they were lost. They passed another tunnel and Marante wondered if that was their escape. The beast was catching up. Suddenly, Marante straightened his legs, skidding to a stop. The tunnel ended in a wide, open cavern scattered with dark brown boulders. He just missed barreling into Rina.
Where are we? she asked, frantically looking about.
I do not know, he said.
The scorpion stood at the cave entrance with its two large pincers raised in the air. Five pairs of red eyes were staring at them from beneath a lateritious hard shell. Directly next to its perpendicular mouth, two smaller claws clicked away, ready to reel in its prey. The four scurried to the back wall.
From there Marante caught sight of the segmented tail. The caudal appendage looped high over its body and ended with a three-foot long curved stinger. A formidable weapon.
Kalin fired a shot. The monster jumped in the air and bashed into a bulge of protruding rock. Its body flipped and crashed to the floor upside down. The creature whined and screeched, wildly thrashing its legs attempting to right itself.
What happened to the scanner? asked Kalin, keeping his Barra pointed at the beast. Did she touch it?
Another shriek pierced the air. The upright tail of a black scorpion was visible behind the red one.
Im done! said Kalin.
With one push of his legs, he jumped onto an eight-foot high boulder and took aim. Two blasts punctured the outer shell of the red scorpion, sending it sliding along the soil where it bashed into the wall. It came to its legs and wobbled, high-pitched squeals flooding the cavern as blood spurted in all directions. Marante saw the tail of the other insect backing away. The red scorpion rose up, ready to attack, but staggered, then crumpled to the ground dead.
Where did the other one go? asked Rina.
Who knows and who cares, said Shiro. I just want out of here.
The scanner blinked on and Marante quickly did a calibration.
Were you implying I had something to do with the scanner breaking? asked Rina.
Yes, I was, said Kalin blatantly. I dont trust liars.
What reason would I have to lie to you? she said. We dont know why we were brought down here. What cant you understand about that?
I tell you what, doll, you tell me who youre working for and Ill let up.
Rinas mouth dropped open in shock. You think Im working for Vorkis? Marante sensed her overwhelming anger. Why would I be working for the man whos trying to destroy my world? Hes killed more than half the population; whole generations of people are gone and you think I want to support him? What is wrong with you?
He has an insider, Kalin said calmly, and you stink of him. He stepped closer to peer into her eyes. Or is that the stench of an incapable wench?
Think what you want, she said. Obviously, youve made up your mind and wont listen to reason. But hear this, she pointed her finger in his face, I am not working for Vorkis. I did not touch the scanner. But I will do everything possible to save this planet with or without you. Can you understand that? Or should I spell it out?
My lady, Marante interjected, please, ignore him. We must remain calm if we are to save your world.
Tell that to the annoying tongue blister, she said, pointing at Kalin.
Youre the one hindering this mission, said Kalin, and you need to come straight if you want to save your world.
It is enough, Kalin. Your suspicions are impeding the mission.
Will you relax? Shes going to break soon.
Marante dismissed Kalins thought. An outside power source is interfering with the scanners operation and I cannot decipher the source.
Like I said, Ill save it with or without you, she said. I think you need to reevaluate your objectives. Are you here to save us? Or yourself?
He shook his head. This isnt about me, doll. Its about you not telling the truth.
Rina made a heavy sigh. Youre the most unreasonable, immature man Ive ever met. You wouldnt know the truth if it bit you in the nates.
All you have to do is be honest, Rina, he said, slinging his Barra over his back, and you just might survive this.
Im not stupid. Anyone connected with Vorkis is dead in your eyes. Obviously you care more about yourself than
We dont have time for this! Kalin interrupted. Marante, fix the scanner.
If I could, I would have by now, said Marante, sensing Kalins urgency to find the answers and his disappointment in losing the battle with Rina. He did not appreciate her perceptiveness.
Are you saying theres nothing in that fat head of yours to fix the scanner?
Marante saw his own nose balloon out, glowing like a red sun. Now you listen to me, you oversized fur ball. It is interference, not physical damage. And why, he added, pointing to the scorpion, do you always attract the ones with legs?
Kalins lips pressed into a coy smile and he addressed Shiro, turning his back on Rina. Marantes afraid of pheladons, or what you Earth-humans call spiders. When we were on Earth some years ago, we decided to sleep under the stars. In the middle of the night, he woke up with a big hairy one crawling across his forehead. He made a girly scream and jumped around smacking his head trying to get it off. To this day, its still the funniest thing Ive ever seen him do.
The incident was not funny, said Marante, recalling the loathsome experience. I was panicked and you should be more sympathetic.
Yeah, cute. I hate spiders too, said Shiro. But can we get out of here? I dont want to be trapped again if the other one comes back.
Shiro was visibly shaking. Streams of sweat lined his brow and his dark hair was wet with perspiration. He began pacing, rubbing his brow, unable to control his fear. Marante knew this type of terror. The Hake beast on Arna was his most dreadful experience ever. He would never forget being in the creatures mouth, watching Kalin battle it. A shiver overcame him. Unfortunately, because of the Ison glands just beneath his skin, he could still feel the slimy, warm saliva of the monster although it had been over ten years.
Be still, my friend, said Marante. Kalin and I have Barras and we will protect you. Try to stay calm. Everything will be fine.
Shiro gazed at Rina, his lips trembling over his large teeth. You know how much I hate this.
I know, she replied. I hate this, too, but Marantes right. Well be fine. Just try to stay calm.
Shiro nodded and sat on a boulder with his hands on his knees, struggling to control his breathing. Rina sat with him and held his hand, consoling him. Marante observed the two. She was Shiros strength, though he did not realize how strong he could be. His condition was deceiving him.
Are the scorpions indigenous too? asked Kalin.
Yes and no, said Marante. According to the previous scans, when the upper continents separated, a large mass of crust, approximately six hundred miles square, broke off and sank into the planet.
Pangea, said Rina. 
Marante eyed her strangely. What?
Pangea is the single continent that separated into the world we know today.
Marante regarded her knowledge of the planet, though some facts were inaccurate, she truly loved her profession. He continued, Yes, the insects on this descending island took refuge in the deep caves. Over time, they adjusted to the pressure and, as all life does, they survived because according to the data, there is a vast area abundant in water and plant life not too far from here. Phosphorus crystals have allowed the plants to exist. The prodigious land mass eventually became a part of this core, and we are standing in that piece.
Why didnt you tell me this before? asked Kalin.
Because, we were running, berk.
Im not a moron, bubble head.
Yes, you are, twit.
Are there any dinosaurs? asked Rina. She seemed excited. Theyre large animals who once lived on the surface.
I have only detected their petrified remains, said Marante, nothing else.
Thats just great, said Shiro, shaking his head in disgust. Now all we have to worry about is giant, man-eating roaches.
Can we leave, asked Rina, before someone has a coronary? Her eyes flicked to Shiro.
Okay, said Kalin. Shiro, were leaving. Stay close. Marante, can you at least guess the way to the Command Center?
Marante wanted to knock the patronizing tone right out of his mouth. At times, Kalin was like an irritating skin rash and he wished he had brought Vecton glue to seal his lips shut. The wavering screen on the scanner made it difficult to assess the images.
I believe we must go right at the next tunnel, then take a left. The signals are intermittent. If we die, it was the scanners fault and not mine.
Rina walked to Marante and took his arm in hers. Im not worried, she said.
Her warmth was inviting and her aqua-green eyes subdued any disappointment.
Youre the smartest, coolest alien dude Ive ever met, she said. Lets go.
Marante felt Kalins stare on Rina. Being a telepathic empath had its downfalls. There were many times the thoughts of people made him nauseous and he would have cast them from his mind. The best example was Ilya. His stomach knotted up recollecting her foul memory. Kalin was inspecting Rina in his usual, disgusting way.
Watch what you think, he said in his mind. She is a lady and does not deserve your disrespect.
Stay out of my head, replied Kalin.
This mission calls for us to remain connected telepathically and I do not want to see your vile pictures in my mind. Besides, I thought you were angry with her. You are so feeble when it comes to women.
Kalin didnt retort; he just grinned and slid into the space between the beast and the rock face. It was no more than two feet wide. Rina was next, then Shiro, and he took up the rear guard. He watched Kalin for any signs, not wanting to enter his mind. Kalin was being the naughty little boy craving the new toy.
As they passed the dead insect, icy chills sent shivers through Marante. Several appendages were twitching as he backed along the wall. He hoped the sharp black bristles jetting from the legs would not render him in two. And how he wished his nose was his only olfactory organ! What these humans smelled with their tiny noses was nothing compared to a whole body receptor. The smooth Seerdon cloth allowed his Ison glands to assimilate the touch of others, absorb oxygen and, unfortunately, odors, many of which he was able to filter out. But the overpowering ones such as this dreadful stink of feces was making both his stomachs nauseous.
Hurry up, Rina, said Shiro.
Quit pushing me, she said. I can only go as fast as Kalin.
Kalin deliberately slowed and Shiro repeatedly tapped her shoulder, desiring a faster pace.
You are not being nice, Marante said to Kalin.
This is no time for nice, said Kalin. I want answers now and Im doing all I can to not choke her, so leave me alone.
Kalins hatred was clogging his reasoning. He would undoubtedly kill her at the least provocation, and then regret his action for eternity. He had to protect Rina from Kalin, and protect Kalin from himselfa difficult task requiring shrewd thinking. They stepped into the tunnel and Rina turned to Shiro.
You can relax now, she said, glancing at Kalin. Were good.
Behind them, lying flat on the earthen floor across the tunnel was the scorpions segmented tail and stinger. The thought of the three-foot long, umber-colored stinger penetrating a man was unnerving. Marante took a few steps back, adding more distance from the creature. Too many times, hed seen unconscious monsters come to life and scare the wits out of him. A soft whistle echoed. It was Kalin signaling them to follow. They cautiously inched along the wall of the shadowy tunnel.
Why is this place so dark? asked Shiro, his voice quivering.
Perhaps Vorkis was limited in his supply of Vitra Crystals, said Marante, sensing Shiros anxiety. This complex is enormous.
Shiros illness kept him from showing his true worth. Marante decided to use his empathic abilities to help him, just as he had helped Kalin with accepting the deaths of his family and people. Shiro would need all his strength to endure this mission.
Shiro, he said quietly. Would you mind if I kept my hand on your shoulder? It will help me to not lose track of you.
Yeah, no problem.
Marante placed his hand on Shiros shoulder and began the slow healing.
What the said Rina. Is it raining in here?
I have been feeling it too, said Marante. It must be condensation.
The quiet trickles of water droplets surrounded them.
Why is it warm? she asked.
The rock surrounding this place is hotter than the suns surface, said Shiro. I would think the water here is warm.
No, this is sticky
A shrill split the air. The four leapt out of the way just as the black scorpion jumped down from the ceiling, snapping its claws and hissing. Shiro froze in horror. Marante clutched his arm and pulled him to a run; Rina and Kalin were close behind.
This one is faster! yelled Marante.
Shiro would not be able to keep up the speed.
Do something, Kalin!
Take them! shouted Kalin.
The three ran down the tunnel and then Marante yanked Rina and Shiro to a stop. He would not leave his friend in danger.
Whats he doing? asked Rina.
Observe, said Marante proudly. A Saleran has the strength of a thousand men.
With one swift kick, Kalin sent an embedded boulder flying out of the ground towards the creature. It jumped to the side and the stone hit the dirt with a boom, crashing into the cave wall. The scorpion banged its tail on the ceiling several times. Jagged stones tumbled from above, missing Kalin, who bolted down the passageway. The monster raced after him. Marante readied his Barra. He noticed a whitish membrane covering the entire beast. It was beginning to molt.
Run, Kalin! yelled Rina.
He winked and threw her a kiss, then flipped his body forward in mid-air and shot several laser blasts from upside down before landing on his feet again. The insect shrieked and stumbled to the ground. Three legs were missing. A smoldering hole opened its thorax.
Just then, the tunnel started to shake. Rocks and debris began falling. Marante pulled Shiro to the wall and they huddled. Kalin dove towards them through clouds of dust. The rumbling ceased.
A pile of stones covered the scorpion except for its face and a bent claw. Marante and Shiro stood up, dusting themselves off. Several smaller boulders tumbled away and Marante watched Kalin lift himself off Rina. He rechecked the scanner. It was still malfunctioning. Kalin hauled Rina to her feet.
Thanks, Kalin, she said, brushing off her red shirt.
No, problem, he said, ogling her with a smile. And thank you.
Pig, was all she said before walking away. Kalin frowned.
This one will be your challenge, said Marante, laughing in his mind and sending the telepathic impulse to Kalin.
Im not interested in her, replied Kalin. I just want her body.
Hmm..., said Marante. You really are swine.
Kalin scowled at him.
See, you had nothing to worry about, she said to Shiro, straightening his glasses. The left lens had cracked. Ill bet your OCD is kicking in big time.
OCD? asked Marante.
Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder, she said. Shiro hates anything out of place, although hes gotten better with medicine.
Ah, yes, said Marante. So that is the name of your condition.
Shut up, Rina, Shiro said, annoyed. Those were the ugliest bugs Ive ever seen.
Marante noticed Shiro repeatedly brushing off his clothes. The psychological stress of not being clean seemed agonizing. Rina, on the other hand, didnt care. She accepted their situation with grace. Shiro cleared his throat and swiped at the sweat rolling down his face. Marante patted Shiro on the back. A light was coming from a nearby tunnel.
You will be all right, my friend, said Marante, keeping focused on the light. You are braver than you think.
Shiro, come here, Rina said, studying the scorpions mouth. The carapace has to be at least eight inches thick.
Kalin was checking his Barra. Is she always a scientist? he asked glancing at Shiro.
Marante peered into Rinas mind and realized how intelligent she was for an Earth-human. Then her hostility took him aback. In the past, women literally threw themselves at this masculine Prince of Salera, giving him whatever he pleased, yet this Earth-human from a primitive world harbored such an indignant animosity towards him she was contemplating assorted ways to clip off his manliness.
Oh dear, thought Marante. My lady, he said in her mind, please continue your patience with Kalin. He can be very pugnacious at times but I assure you, his intentions are good and with his guidance, your world can be saved.
Startled by the voice in her head, she answered, Do you always read peoples minds?
Not always, but this mission requires it.
I see, she said, nodding her head. Listen, I understand the pain hes carrying is enormous and how he bears it is beyond my comprehension; it would drive me insane. However, his snide remarks and accusations are getting on my nerves. He needs to trust me and I know retaliating against him will only worsen the situation, but regardless of how he feels, my only concern is this planet and the people who live on it. Now, if it means putting up with his rudeness, I will, but after this is over, Im going to kick-box him into the next century.
After the mission is complete, he answered, I will help you. 
A wide smile covered Rinas face as she shook her head in silent laughter.
I commend you for understanding his emotional state and not lashing back, he said. Be patient, my lady. You will see his greatness soon.
Yeah...If I dont maim him first.
She was reaching her wits end and Kalin would eventually feel the full brunt of her frustration.
Shiros voice caught his attention: ...All the time. Say, how come your laser blast didnt dissolve the bug like the Oridians?
Because of its size, said Kalin.
This is so cool, said Rina, examining the beast.
She was standing between the mouth and claw when the large pincer began sliding along the dirt, pushing her towards its open mouth.
Whoa! she said.
Marante aimed his Barra, but she waved for him to stop. Wait! I dont want bug snot all over me.
She leaned back on the claw and jumped up, stepping onto an eye of the creature, then flipped backwards over the pincer. Before she landed on her feet, several laser blasts hit the insect and it exploded into chunks of gelatinous muck.
Rina was drenched in red blood. Thick pieces of brownish-red meat oozed down her body. Slimy green entrails draped across her head and shoulders. Marante rushed to her.
My lady, he said, ready to help but not wanting to touch her. Are you all right?
She stared straight ahead with a blank look on her face, stuttering indecipherable words. She slowly raised her hands. They were dripping with yellow guano.
I...I...need a shower.
Marante sensed a flood of hatred rise up in Rina and he wished he had brought a satchel of Sarvin Crystals.
I was free, she angrily said to Marante, trembling. Why didnt you wait?
I did not shoot, my lady, he said, pointing. Kalin did.
Kalin was staring at Rina when suddenly he broke into a full-blown belly laugh, leaning against the cave wall, holding his stomach. Rinas nostrils flared as she watched him. Marante sensed her anger had risen to an almost uncontrollable level. He stepped back and noticed a plate-sized clump of moist red flesh clinging to the front of her shirt. Marante turned to Kalin.
She could have been hurt.
You saw it was molting; its shell was pliable. No harm done.
Your impudence was not called for. She will not tolerate this behavior.
I can take any woman anytime, Kalin replied, chuckling.
Not this one.
She hopped onto a wide, flat boulder in front of Kalin, eye level to him. Kalin stood straight and cleared his throat. His vain attempts to stifle his laughter increased her anger. A small pool of blood and mire was forming at her feet. A hideous odor emanated from her.
Kalin pinched his nose. You stink.
Why? she demanded coldly.
Because I had to kill it, buttercup, he said, releasing his nose. Fess up, squirt, or this is just the beginning.
Rina took the wad of meat off her shirt and rammed it into Kalins face with both hands, slamming him against the wall.
Ive already fessed up, you stupid prump, she said, mashing in the sarcous. Hows it feel to be smothered in bug snot?
Kalin grabbed her wrists and shoved her away, making her stumble back, though she kept her stance on the rock. He began spitting and peeling off slimy chunks of flesh.
You little
Before he could finish his sentence, Rinas foot kicked his jaw. He was flung around and, with a loud grunt, bashed into the wall. He moaned, sliding to his knees, then fell onto all fours, shaking his head, trying to clear his senses. Rina jumped off the boulder and stomped away down the tunnel.
Uh, my lady, Marante said courteously; he wanted to keep all his teeth. The lighted tunnel on your leftplease, if you may.
She glared back at him and he humbly bowed his head.
This woman is beyond angry, he thought, peeking at her. She is deadly.
Rina began trotting at a fast pace. Marante sensed her rage and her attempts to calm down. She veered into the illuminated tunnel, out of sight.
Marante sneered at Kalin. She should have hit you harder.
Shes starting to piss me off, Kalin said, rubbing his jaw as he stood up. He wiped his face with his white sleeve. Did I get it all?
I am not telling you, said Marante as he turned away.
Rinas voice echoed through the tunnel. Ugh, guys...youre not going to believe this.


CHAPTER 14
Shiro

Shiro was watching Kalin straighten the Barra on his shoulder. He stood at over six feet tall with neck-length black hair so thick it resembled fur. Except for his long-sleeved white shirt, everything he wore was the color black. His short open vest edged a wide belt surrounding a trim waist. Thick sinews filled his skin-tight pants and cuffed pirate boots made him appear tough and rugged.
Why cant I look like that? thought Shiro.
His glasses sat bent and crooked on his nose. One lens was shattered, making it hard to see out of his left eye. Cornea implants would have corrected his vision, but he hated doctors, which meant his overbite had never gotten fixed, either.
Shes crazy, said Kalin. His face glistened pink with moisture from the scorpion blood.
You got guts, said Shiro, noticing the red bruise on his jaw. It has to hurt. Ive seen her beat guys to the floor. They couldnt walk for days.
Lets go, said Kalin.
They began jogging down the tunnel.
How could that skinny squirt beat up a guy? asked Kalin. Shes a twirp.
The twirps been taking self-defense lessons since the age of three, said Shiro, trying to keep up the pace. Kalin had a long stride. Shes a master of judo and kick-boxing. I wouldnt mess with her.
Yeah, well, she cant break me.
Shiro laughed aloud. She already did. With one kick.
Kalins brow furrowed and Shiro worried about being punched. A hit from Kalin would deck him and hed fall in the dirt. He cringed at the thought. Bacteria was his downfall, something nearly impossible to tolerate until the meds. Wherever he touched dirt, hed feel invisible bugs crawling on his skin and would literally scratch until he bled. Why he became a geophysicist was a question he had asked himself every time he did fieldwork. Hed decided a long time ago that his OCD would not hinder his love of geology, so thanks to the Young family, Dr. Rand, long sleeves and pants, he learned to cope.
However, down here, the dives onto the dirt and the quaking had him covered in dust; his hands were filthy, but the crawly sensation on his skin wasnt bad. It was bearable. When was the last time hed taken his meds? He checked his watch. Twenty-one hours ago? Impossible. Hed skipped a dose, yet he was relatively calm. Perhaps the experience here in the core was good. Maybe the will to survive was overpowering the psychological stressors. He couldnt think of any other reason for the symptoms to lessen. It was strange.
I can take Rina, said Kalin. Shes nothing compared to a Bulguan. Theyre part woman, part animal and they eat men.
Oh, how nice, said Shiro, assessing the repulsive thought. Thank you for that delightful image.
Kalin chuckled. Rinas easy. Shell break soon.
Kalin was smart, but stupid when it came to Rina. She was special. Shiros condition had chased away good people, bothering them to the point of not wanting to hang with him anymore, but not Rina. Although she teased him at times, she was always there for him. Rina was the best friend hed ever had.
Shes not lying, Kalin, he said. In the sub, she stopped a detonation that wouldve killed most of the people above. Rina would do anything to save this world. Even die for it.
Kalin grabbed his arm and pulled him to a stop. Are you hiding something?
Kalins green eyes were staring straight into his, searching for any kind of deception. 
No, said Shiro and he yanked his arm back. He would not be intimidated. And neither is she.
I understand shes your friend, said Kalin, but I cant help but feel shes lying and I need to know why.
What if she honestly doesnt know why we were brought here? What if only Vorkis knows why? I mean, Rina doesnt lie to people and I cant see her starting now.
Kalin said Marante, tapping several orbs on the scanner as he approached them.
What? asked Kalin.
The scanner is operative for the moment. The tunnel where Rina went is correct. Another tunnel from there will take us to the Command Center.
Its about time you fixed it, said Kalin. Lets go before it breaks again.
Marante scowled at him. Their relationship was similar to his and Rinas, reflected Shiro; attack when you can but dont hurt. The men running beside him were very human, though one of them didnt look it. When Shiro had awakened in the sub, he didnt think he would end up in the core of Earth with two aliens from different worlds. Marante was the scientist and the cool one. His black oval eyes shined like liquid pools of oil, and since theyd met, hed noticed Marantes small, rounded nose had altered in size and color several times, possibly reflecting his emotions. It was impolite to laugh at him, but it really was a humorous oddity.
Kalin on the other hand, had all the brawn and energy of a fearless hero, yet inside he was a powder keg ready to burst. The anxiety Kalin lived with had to be overwhelming.
It must be killing him, just as it does me.
The thought brought back the memory of waking up in a bed of grass, the sounds of his parents screams, the heat of the fiery plane as he listened to them die. Then he shoved it away, along with the horror, focusing again on the men beside him. On the left was a paper-thin alien with a pumpkin-sized head who could be Captain Kirks best friend. On the right was a tall, muscular hero whom any woman would give her left arm to have. And in the middle, there he wasa fat, bucktoothed geek with broken glasses and a pizza belly. Somehow, it just wasnt right, being the geek who was always scared, though he seemed to be improving.
They turned left down the passageway and he squinted at the glaring light from the large, bright opening at the end of the tunnel. Upon reaching the entrance, they stood at the threshold of an enormous, seemingly endless cavern. In front of them, beyond the fine white sand, dense tropical foliage led to a narrow beach where a crystal-clear blue ocean went on as far as the eye could see. In the distance over the calm water, a patch of low dark clouds was slowly moving across. Its raining inside the core! Shiro stared in awe. This cavern has its own weather system! From up above, synthetic sunlight bathed the whole area creating a living, functioning environment.
There must be an enormous amount of condensed phosphorous in the ceiling, he said, staring up. The glow is diffusing the visual height of this cavern. I cant see how high up it goes.
Over two miles, said Marante, studying the scanner, and the phosphorous ranges from six hundred to almost a thousand feet thick.
Wow, said Shiro. No wonder the insects survived.
There she is, said Kalin, pointing.
Rina was standing waist-deep in the ocean, scrubbing herself clean. The men walked across the soft sand and joined her. She sloshed out of the water. Kalin squatted and washed his face.
I think were in Jurassic Park, she said, pointing to a large tarantula-type spider weaving a web around an entrance to another tunnel. It was the size of a house.
Good heavens! said Marante. More pheladons?
Yeah, said Kalin, standing up. Quit being so chicken.
I will stop when you grow up, Marante retorted.
Well, you cleaned up nicely, said Shiro, grinning at Rina. He had to jab her. Even the dung smell is gone.
Rinas red T-shirt clung to her torso, revealing her shapely form.
Hmm...still dont believe in bras? he added, knowing a sly smile would get her back to normal.
This has not been a good day, she said, tilting her head to the side and squeezing the water from her hair, and Im going to kick your butt if you start with me.
Tell that to the guys whose mouths are gaping, he said, nodding his head to Kalin and Marante. Their gazes were glued to her.
She stood in front of the two, dripping water and with her hands on her hips. she said, Im not in the mood for hormonal idiocy. The first man who makes a comment is going to die. Understand?
They cleared their throats and turned away at the same time.
Good, she said. Now, which way out of here?
The scanner has failed again, said Marante, frustrated. From the last reading, the pheladon is blocking our needed passageway.
A high-pitched screech came from inside the webbed tunnel. A gigantic creature, half scorpion and half spider, burst through the web. It leapt into the air towards the spider, who quickly jumped away. The insects faced each other, moving in a circle, their claws raised high, their salivating fangs spread apart. The four slowly began walking backwards towards the tunnel theyd exited, keeping their stare on the beasts. 
Whats the big one called? asked Kalin. The front half of it looks like a scorpion.
Yeah, its a Mastigoproctus Giganteus, said Rina. A whip scorpion, commonly known as a Vinegaroon. The strong smell is acetic acid, something we Earth-humans call vinegar, hence the name. A year ago, I was setting up seismic sensors in the desert and one of the insects sprayed a cut on my finger. The thing attacked me and I had to beat it with a shovel six times to kill it. Theyre relentless. I had the taste of vinegar in my mouth for days. That one has yellow ringlets on its hind legs. Its a new species.
Of course its a new species, said Shiro. Sometimes she was so smart she was dumb. Look at the size of it. We need to leave.
As they reached their tunnel, the sounds of pounding footsteps came from within.
Hide! Shiro whispered fiercely.
They ducked behind a thick patch of leafy bushes just outside the entrance. Another enormous spider came dashing out and raced towards the fighting insects.
Where did it come from? Shiro asked, peering back into their cave. We were just in there.
It probably sensed its mate was in trouble, said Rina, her attention fixed on the creatures. This is amazing.
Shiro couldnt believe she was doing it again. Four years ago at Mt. St. Helens, she insisted they get closer. Theyd missed the pyroclastic cloud by seconds because Rina wanted to video tape the event. She did this type of thing all the time. Now, here they were watching giant insects battling, and again, the scientist in her was taking over.
Were not staying here, Rina, he demanded. We need to go.
Back into the tunnel, said Kalin. 
Wait, said Rina, stepping out from behind the bushes, entranced by the spectacle. The Vinegaroon is winning.
One massive claw of the Vinegaroon grabbed the leg of the male spider and tossed him into the air. The spider hit the ground with a loud boom and bounced towards them. The three men leapt away, but Rina didnt make it in time. A spider leg bashed her chest and she went airborne, landing in the sand fifty feet away and moaning. The monstrous spider had crushed the bushes that once hid them. The creature lay on its back, screeching and kicking fiercely as it tried to upright itself.
Kalin shoved his Barra into Shiros arms and hurried off. He slid along the wall face, steering clear of the flailing legs. 
I wish I had Kalins courage; thought Shiro, even Rinas would do. Then he felt Marantes hand on his shoulder, as if comforting him. Could he have sensed my sadness?
See, whispered Marante, he has her.
Kalin slung Rinas body over his shoulder. Her wet hair flopped forward over her head and she started yelling. Kalin shushed her and pointed. She spread the hair apart and immediately quieted at the sight of the insect. The creature had moved further from the wall, making it easier for them to pass. Kalin rushed back to them and sat her on the earthen floor.
Thanks, she said, pushing back her drenched locks. So you do care?
Actually, no, said Kalin, looking down at her. I need to know your connection to Vorkis.
So much for heroes. She brushed the sand from her legs. What a pity. I guess its not in you.
Kalin was about to say something when Marante broke in. Are you all right, my lady?
Shiro was glad Marante stopped the ensuing argument. The whole thing was ridiculous. 
Yes, Im fine, she said.
Can you walk?
No, Rina, can you run? said Shiro.
She nodded and Marante helped her to stand.
Do we have to go back in there? Shiro asked nervously.What if it has babies?
If we go back the same way we came in, we may get lost, said Marante.
I dont think we have a choice, said Rina, glancing at the warring beasts blocking the other tunnel.
Well have to find another way to the Command Center, said Kalin. Lets go.
A gut-piercing screech came from behind them. The Vinegaroon had torn off four of the females eight legs. She wobbled to and fro; fountains of black blood spurted from the open sockets. The male spider shrieked, arched its legs back and, with a single push, leapt onto its feet. It made a head-on attack. The Vinegaroon hissed and sprayed a clear liquid into the spiders face before jumping in the air. The spider crashed into the rock wall. It staggered on weakened legs, rubbing its face into the dirt, trying to remove the acid.
Although two hundred feet away, the strong odor burned Shiros sinuses and tears streamed down his face. He cupped his hands over his mouth and nose, hoping to filter out the caustic fumes while keeping a close watch on the beasts. The Vinegaroon pounced onto the back of the spider whose legs spread straight out under the weight and it hit the ground hard causing a strong earth tremor. Shiro nearly lost his footing but kept his eyes on the Vinegaroon as its huge claws savagely ripped into the spiders thorax and pulled out its entrails. The spider shrieked in agony as the Vinegaroon buried its face into the body of its enemy, eating it alive.
We have to go now! said Shiro.
The Vinegaroon lifted its head out of the dead spider and stood on its hind legs. Chunks of slivered meat and yellow viscous dangled from its mouth. A loud shrill permeated the air and they covered their ears in searing pain. It turned its head and hissed at the four standing by the tunnel entrance. They fled down the passageway.


CHAPTER 15
Bauman

BRAZIL: AMAZON BASIN

Carved into the mountain eons ago, the Blythen temple was hidden beneath a blanket of trees and brush known as the Brazilian rainforest. No sunlight had ever touched the cold, damp tunnel leading to the sacred Sanctuary, where ancient people had offered human sacrifices to a horrific thirty-foot tall statue standing on a platform behind the rectangular floor outline of the long-departed altar. On both the ceiling and walls, thick twining roots had weaved their way between the huge stone blocks, filling the Sanctuary with tangled vines and offshoots; a welcome haven for venomous snakes and insects. For two thousand years, the jungle claimed this place as its own, until the return of man. Now all that remained of the living forest were the covered piles of damp ashes pushed against the walls.
The local Cichinta natives called the area Tierra de Muerto, or Land of the Dead, a place cursed by the gods. One year ago, six of their best hunters had gone into the jungle searching for a missing boy. Their mutilated bodies, along with that of the child, were found floating in the river with the words Do Not Return carved into their chests, backs, arms, and legs. Since then, no one had ventured into this territory, except those who belonged to the New Continuum.
A few mangled bodies are a small price to pay for obscurity, thought Bauman, donning a maroon-colored zippered jacket and black pants; a new dress code hed implemented. 
He was sitting at his desk on the platform where the altar once stood, elevated above everyone, an appropriate position for someone who was about to be deified. Before him and six steps down, forming a giant oval around the Sanctuary, was his tactical unit consisting of ten men. Their one-piece black uniforms had an assortment of Velcro pockets, with the NC logo in bright yellow just below the left shoulder. New Continuum. He was proud of the name hed chosen. He was also proud of the men hed handpicked. They were the best and just a small fraction of the army hed created.
This new base had state-of-the-art technology, compliments of the United States government. As Secretary of Defense, it was all too easy. High-tech computers and equipment filled the tables where his men worked, busily talking into their headsets, keeping tight control of the operation. Missile and Aircraft Detecting Systems, Thermal Imaging of the ground and air, Sound Sensors able to pick up a mans whisper from ten miles away, were just a few of the many defenses hed incorporated. Standing double-high behind his team were eight, seven-foot wide LED screens displaying real-time satellite imagery. It was the most efficient covert operation hed ever seen. Nothing was out of place. Perfect military order. A long sigh of contentment loosened his muscles.
He lifted his black knee boots onto the brown granite desk and leaned back. Three of the screens switched from satellite views to numerous bank accounts throughout the world.
This is too good to be true, thought Bauman, smiling.
His fingers tapped the desk next to a red button he couldnt wait to use. The white phone rang. Finally. He pressed the speaker button. A massive face filled four screens. Hans Steinman had a striking resemblance to the famous Alfred Hitchcock, with his bulbous cheeks and drooping lips; however, this sixty-nine-year-old was ruthless, and unafraid to kill anyone who got in his way. The poisonous maggot lived behind security guards and lawyers, a cowardly recluse who refused to confront the public.
I hate failure! Hans said, his second chin wiggling like Jell-o. I can and will replace you if need be.
Bauman swung his feet off the desk. Its just a minor set-back. Hans had the patience of a feeding tiger. Bauman adjusted the wide black belt surrounding his hefty waist and said, You need to chill. Nothing can stop us this time.
He heard Hanss fist hit the table; the big mans whole face shook like an earthquake.
I swear, Ted, if you fail again, the Trench will be your grave.
Bauman wished he could punch the rimless glasses off Hanss face. He was a four-hundred-pound sack-of-snot who swore he was a descendant of Napoleon, despite the fact he was half-German. This man was born into money, millions just handed to him. Steinman Conglomerate was at the top of the Fortune 100 companies, and he had his greedy fingers into everything from pencils to NASA. He was the richest man in the world, yet he craved more. The only reason Bauman had accepted his bribe was because three hundred fifty million dollars was hard to resist. Another six hundred fifty million was waiting when the plan succeeded.
You need to take a pill, Hans, Bauman said calmly, imagining how refreshing it would be to chop off Hanss fat limbs with a chainsaw. I said the plan is going forward. Everyone that could have divulged our secret is dead. Relax, buddy; the world will be yours soon.
Hans leaned back in his custom-made cushioned chair. Bauman recalled the day hed ordered his men to install a metal sliding door because Hanss chair wouldnt fit through otherwise.
Make sure you get it right this time, said Hans. If this works, all the money and power will be ours, Ted, and youre going to be my right-hand man.
Thank you, said Bauman, forcing himself to sound civil. Hans never told the truth. How are my men treating you? Is the underground bunker secure?
Youre men are excellent, said Hans. The security is impeccable. We all feel safe here.
Good. Is the High Council there with you? Id like to give them my regards.
Yes, said Hans, all twenty of us are here anxiously awaiting our moment of victory. Say hello, gentlemen, to General Bauman.
The camera backed up. Seated along the sturdy wooden table, eight stately dressed men offered their greetings. Off to the side, Hanss six bodyguards and five lawyers stood like hardened cement. Everyone from the High Council was present.
Perfect, said Bauman. Now heres my hello.
He mashed the red button on his desk and the metal exit door slammed shut. Several fiery explosions ripped through the room. Chairs and bodies flew across the screen. Burning rafters crashed down onto the table and floor. The cries of dying men satisfied Bauman. Phase III was complete. Just then, pounding and shouts were heard and he sat up straight.
The camera swerved to the right. Three screaming men were desperately beating on the metal door, their clothes torn and smoldering. Bauman pushed the button again and another explosion tore their bodies apart. Burning limbs shot through the yellow flames like missiles. Then all quieted down, leaving only the soft, rustling sounds of burning wood and flesh.
The camera scanned the room and stopped at the table. Bauman leaned forward, staring curiously at the charred fingers grabbing the edge of the battered table. The picture zoomed in.
Yes! he thought, delighted.
Hanss shattered glasses were dangling off his left ear. Blackish-red skin was peeling off the right side of his head. He was alive.
You cant have the money, he said in a weak voice, his breathing shallow and erratic.
Bauman laughed aloud, eyeing the other screens, where the increasing bank totals were already into the billions.
When I hit the button it automatically emptied your accounts into mine. I hacked into your system ages ago. He grinned. Goodbye, Hans.
He pressed the button one more time and the table Hans was holding onto exploded. The picture turned snowy.
Bauman sat back, content. Rick and Joe stood behind him.
Excellent work, gentlemen, he said without turning around. His heart was racing; everything belonged to him...except the world, and that was next. He took a deep breath and forced himself to calm down; control was essential. Is the dive proceeding as planned? he asked.
The X-38 will be ready at 0600 hours, Sir, said Rick, standing at attention.
Bauman swiveled in his seat and gazed up at Rick. Even though his lanky physique made him appear weak, Rick was a real soldier who took pride in his work. He was invaluable for his loyalty and his intricate knowledge of computers. The new brainwashing techniques were outstanding, something hed never thought possible. No extreme torture was necessaryjust a large amount of the new drug Prenasic along with several weeks of shock treatment. Of course, new memories had to be implanted, but he didnt mind being a father to sons who would do anything he asked. What more could a parent want?
In four hours, he said, checking his wristwatch. Very good, son. He turned to Joe. And whats the state of the Mariana?
Joes wife and two girls had been murdered by terrorists whod infiltrated the base at Guantanamo Bay. Hed been left bitter and alone, an easy target for Baumans treatment. Unfortunately, Joe was losing the respect hed once had for Bauman. His mind was rejecting the new ideologies. Bauman was concerned.
The trench is continuing to widen at a steady pace, he said, failing for the second time in two hours to address Bauman as Sir.
I will not be mocked, thought Bauman. He vaulted out of his seat and punched Joe square in the face, making him stumble back.
You will not forget to address me in the proper way! he yelled. Do you understand, soldier?
Immediately Joe regained his composure and saluted him. Yes, Sir! Sorry, Sir! he shouted, the blood pouring out of his nose.
Go clean yourself, scoffed Bauman as he sat down. 
Yes, Sir.
Joe did an about-face and left the Sanctuary. Bauman straightened his dark red sleeves and looked at Rick. 
Have a seat, son. I need to talk to you.
Rick quickly sat.
Bauman eased into his gray leather chair. Joe is showing signs of treason and I need you to shadow him. Can you do this for your father?
Yes, of course, Sir, he answered.
Maybe having kids isnt so bad, thought Bauman. Better yet, make your own when theyre grown up.
Thank you, son, he said. Fire up the chopper and get us to the airfield. We have to be airborne within the next two hours.
Rick stood up and shouted, Yes, Sir, then left to join the others below.
Bauman rested back, eyeing his self-accomplished world. Thanks to Rinas ingenuity, the elite Jordy program had made it all possible and something that Ricks technical mind easily altered. The last time he tracked her she was heading to the bottom of the Mariana with a minimal supply of oxygen. He clasped his hands behind his head, satisfied he was the richest man in the world.
All he had to do now was launch the sub and set off the biggest bomb the world has ever known.


CHAPTER 16
Rina

Is there anything else we have to run from? asked Shiro, panting and bent forward, his hands resting on his thighs. This is killing me.
Maybe, said Rina. Hes so out of shape.
A gut-piercing scream came from a side tunnel.
Zorcon, said Marante quietly.
Kalin signaled them to shush.
No more running, said Shiro.
Quiet, whispered Rina.
They followed Kalin into the side tunnel. The screaming turned into desperate cries of agony. The passageway opened to a wide cavern with another exit tunnel at the far end. Two Zorcons were standing off to the left with terrified expressions, watching another comrade jump about recklessly, holding his head.
The sick one rushed to them and stood in front of Kalin, clutching his throat and gasping for air; his red eyes bulged in horror. White foam gurgled from his mouth. He collapsed to the ground, violently convulsing. His eyes turned black and he stopped breathing. Something in Rinas gut told her to run.
What the heck is that? asked Shiro, pointing.
The tail end of a tiny creature was struggling to back out of the Zorcons ear. A thick coating of blanched blood concealed its shape. It fell onto the hard dirt and whined. Blobs of grey matter and crushed organs spilled onto the earthen floor and over its body. From out of nowhere, a shrill resonated through the cavern. Rina covered her ears to the shattering sound, feeling as if her joints had been loosened. Almost instantly, hundreds of red bulbs burst open, spraying down black liquid.
Not again, she thought, keeping her head bowed, hoping not to get the warm sap on her face.
Little Oridians, no bigger than a small beetle with long claws and miniature spikes, ran on all fours down the steep walls and into the unrestricted ear canal of the Zorcon. They scampered in and out of his eyes, nose, and ears, visibly crawling under his skin, which began to shrivel as they devoured him. Rinas stomach wrenched and she cupped her hand over her mouth. One baby emerged at the entranceway of the canal covered in pinkish goo. It squealed and darted off towards a Zorcon, who nervously blasted the animal with his Barra.
Near the opposite tunnel, an adult Oridian stepped out from the wall face, a red crest of softened flab on its head. The monster raised its long arms in the air and roared, its lips quivering in anger. With one push of its legs, it leapt in front of the nervous Zorcon and punched its claw into his torso. The Zorcon groaned, his eyes rolled white, and he slumped forward onto the beast. The creature lifted him high in the air then slammed him onto the ground. The crunching sounds of breaking bones sent chills up Rinas spine.
The other Zorcon stumbled back, frightened and trembling. Kalin aimed his Barra and fired. The Oridian faded away into yellow dust. Rinas mouth dropped open in shock as she stared up the fifty-foot-high rock walls. Thousands of red eggs crammed the stone.
Were in a nest, she said.
Just then, the cavern filled with the popping sounds of ovules splitting open. The squeaks of the baby Oridians crawling out of the eggs sounded like flocks of newborn birds, but these were carnivores, flesh-eating monsters. They had to get out of there.
Shiro sneezed.
The babies heads turned to them. An eerie silence settled in. The tiny gray bodies began glimmering with moisture. A deep growl came from behind. The four swiftly swung around. Two more hunched Oridians were glaring at them. They appeared to be younger in age, their crests not fully formed though they stood over seven feet tall. The four began backing away towards the opposite tunnel. A slightly audible shriek came from a nearby baby. The two adults snarled at the puny animal, waving their heads about as if communicating. One of them clicked their tongue a few times and made a trilling sound. The baby raced down the wall towards the group and, like a swarm of fire ants, the rest joined in on the charge.
Run! yelled Kalin.
They dashed into the tunnel with the Zorcon close behind. The babies were agile, zipping up and down the walls at an incredible speed. Far ahead into the tunnel, multitudes of red eggs packed the ceiling and opening as they passed.
How are we going to kill these things! said Shiro.
The Zorcon screamed. Hed fallen on the floor. Rina grinded her sneakers into the dirt and stopped. Kalin grabbed her arm.
He needs our help, she said.
Hell eat you for lunch, said Kalin. Now lets go!
They ran off but Rina peeked back. A moving gray mound was wavering over the Zorcon. Within moments, the infants scattered away. There were no remains left, not even bones.
Theyre catching up! yelled Shiro.
Kalin pulled Rina in front of him. He flipped his Barra over his shoulder and blindly started shooting. Ahead of them, outlined shapes of Oridians were forming on the tunnel walls. Marante began shooting the ones who were materializing. They had to twist and turn, duck and jump over giant talons grabbing for them and teeth voraciously snapping. Roars rumbled through the tunnel. The pounding gallops of adult Oridians were closing in.
Faster! shouted Kalin.
Rina couldnt believe her eyes. Kalin was running backwards and keeping up with their speed, blasting the oncoming animals. With her attention to the rear, she barreled into Shiro, who had stopped.
Whoa! said Shiro and Marante in unison as they struggled to keep their balance.
She pulled Shiro back and noticed the cliff. It was at least a one-hundred-foot drop down into a river.
What now? asked Shiro.
Its over we go! shouted Kalin, who was coming at them full speed with his arms spread eagle.
He rammed into them and they tumbled off the cliff, screaming as they plunged into the fast-moving river. Rina went in feet-first and sank into the warm water. She swam her way to the top and looked around. It was hard to see; the undercurrent was strong and pulling her away. The others were nowhere in sight. Up above, the adult Oridians were hunched over the edge of the cliff, whooping and yelping as their infants jumped off. Hundreds of tiny splashes began dotting the swirling water. She had to go.
Suddenly, she felt something crawling on top of her head. It jumped every time she reached for it. Desperate, she smacked her head several times, hoping to squash it, but the baby was quick and leapt away each time, getting closer to the right side of her head. Drowning it was her last hope so she slipped under the water. She covered her ear with one hand and began combing her fingers through her floating black hair, trying to snatch the small animal that kept skirting her grip. She came up for air where she bobbed anxiously, waiting to feel its location. A tiny movement revealed it was sitting just above her earlobe. She screamed and gulped in water as it scurried towards her ear canal.
Something gripped the top of her head and plucked the creature off. It was Kalin. He crushed it bare-handed.
Lets go, he said. And keep up.
She nodded nervously, shaking from the horrendous ordeal. Then she swam like never before, still feeling the creature in her hair and fearful of the thought the others were somewhere in the water. To stop herself from panicking, she reasoned because of their lighter weight, theyd been carried away by the current. That worked. She followed Kalin through a large archway where rounded stones lined both sides of the riverbank. Off to the right, Marante and Shiro were waiting. Marante helped her out of the water.
Thank you both, she said, glancing at Kalin, who turned away to fiddle with his Barra.
Hes so obstinate.
Youre welcome, said Marante. Are you well, my lady?
Marante was a true gentleman, a suave intellect whose kind and gentle ways extolled his human attributes. Although he was strange looking, his compassion was real. Why he was hanging with Kalin was questionable. Though Rina was grateful Kalin had saved her life, he was still Marantes opposite, a rough, loud-mouthed gorilla.
How could those runts turn into those big mother lizards? asked Shiro.
Drat, the scanner has malfunctioned again, said Marante, tapping an orb. The creatures will undergo several stages of metamorphosis before reaching adulthood. And according to the previous readings, the younglings visual perception is equivalent to ours.
Rina wished she had more time to study the remarkable creatures. Did instinct control them? Were they warm-blooded? How far would their intelligence go?
Theres another tunnel, said Kalin, pointing to an opening at the far end of the chamber alongside the flowing river.
Therein lies our escape route, said Marante. We must hurry.
The sounds of tapping feet echoed through the cavern. The babies were now in the chamber and racing towards them. Thousands more were crawling on the ceiling above, smothering the rock, ready to drop down.
Run! she yelled.
The four sped toward the exit tunnel. Rinas lungs were at the point of igniting and she could only imagine how Shiro felt. Marante was pulling him along, helping him to keep up the speed. They ran into a dark chamber. They could barely see. Their dyspnea echoed in the heavy air, where the strong odors of mold and feces made it almost unbreathable. She noticed the babies had stopped their advance just outside the cavern, hissing and tapping the cobblestone but not entering the chamber.
Hold it, she shouted, pulling Shiros arm.
They all skidded to a halt. Trying to catch her breath, she blinked several times, adjusting her vision to the cold emptiness surrounding her. It was a vast oval chamber, at least one hundred feet high and a good quarter of a mile long. In the distance was another exit tunnel.
Why arent the babies coming in? she asked.
Fear has seized them, said Marante, his gaze going around the chamber. We are not alone.
Rina carefully eyed the stone ceiling above them. There was something odd about the rock; it glistened damply but there were no audible trickles of water. Just then, two glowing white eyes appeared pinched tight in unmistakable anger. Two more became visible next to them, then two more, hundreds of eyes manifested in the rock face, filling the chamber with light.
Oridians.
Were going to die, said Shiro.
Lets slowly head for the exit tunnel, said Kalin. Nice and easy. No quick moves. Marante, level four and take the front; keep Rina and Shiro between us.
Aye, Sir, said Marante, adjusting a holo on his Barra.
They began taking small steps forward. Marante led while Kalin brought up the rear, walking backwards and pushing Rina against Shiro. Kalin slid out a white handle from the inside of his black fold boot. He held it downward, out of view. Marante lifted from his waist pouch a silver pistol the size of a flare gun.
This is going to be bad, Rina thought.
She had always considered herself a fairly brave person but being eaten alive was something beyond her comprehension. These creatures were the stuff of nightmares, and for the first time in her life, she felt fear.
Stay close and tight, Marante replied in her mind.
A high-pitched whirring sound, similar to a missile, was honing in on their location. Rina looked up and saw the shadowy shape of an Oridian dropping down. She grabbed the armholes of Kalins vest and yanked him back, pushing Shiro and Marante forward. The three-toed feet of the animal pounded the ground, shaking the earthen floor. It stood over nine feet tall with massive muscle and sharp teeth. It lifted its head and roared, vibrating her bones. Just then, a barrage of booming sounds filled the cavern. They were surrounded by salivating creatures whose only focus was to eat them. The monsters charged and the shooting began.
The beasts attacked from all sides. Steady beams of blue light streamed out from the Barras and tore through the oncoming swarm. Marantes handgun shot out fiery balls of orange light. Each globule expanded to encase six to eight animals before exploding, ripping the beasts apart. Kalins white handle was now a blade the size of a gladiator sword that sparked as it sliced into the creatures. Chopped heads and appendages were flying in all directions. Black blood and greenish bowels were sousing them like rain. The speed and movements of the men told her theyd done this before.
One Oridian grabbed her arm and she screamed, ready to kick its face when Kalin swung his blade around and severed the hand. The monster shrieked and Marante blasted it with his Barra. She nervously shook the claw from her arm and hugged Shiros back. He was hyperventilating. She turned him around. He was soaked in dark slime and his breathing was so fast she was sure hed faint at any moment. If he were to fall, it would be his death. She had to calm him. She wrapped her arms around his neck and whispered into his ear.
Were going to make it through this. Look at the way these guys are fighting. Theyre pros. Hang in there. Remember, you go, I go.
She released her grip but stayed close enough to grab him if he fell. His cramped, worried eyes told her he was desperately trying not to lose it. She took his hands and cupped them over his mouth, hoping it was enough to slow down his breathing. A cool, stiff breeze of fresh air howled through the cavern, then all was silent. The roars and growls had stopped. Rinas gaze slowly went around the chamber. They were standing in an empty circle surrounded by massacred animals, a bloodbath of disemboweled Oridians. Her whole body was drenched in black snot.
Its not my fault, said Kalin, stepping away from her. His tan skin was barely noticeable beneath the black gunk.
I know, she said, pinching her nose; they all stank. How come they didnt disintegrate?
We lowered our weapons output to conserve energy, said Marante. His facial color blended with his eyes. He put his hand on Shiros shoulder. It is an awful sight, isnt it?
Ill say, said Shiro, gliding his hands over his face, wiping the muck off. Its gross.
Youre all right with this? asked Rina in surprise. By now, he should have been in full-blown hysterics from the filth.
Im fine, he said. I dont know how, but Im okay.
You cant be okay, she said. You should be screaming like a girl.
Hey, he said, perturbed. Youre not the only one with guts, missy. I
Heavy growls and snarls began echoing again. Glowing white eyes started reappearing on the ceiling and walls. Another attack was coming.
Our weapons need more time to recharge, said Marante, hoisting his guns ready to fire. Any suggestions?
I have an idea, said Kalin. He touched a blue button on the side on his Barra and a door slid open. Im not sure if well survive this but its better than being eaten alive. He looked at Rina. Though theyd probably vomit you out. Im sure they dont like rotten meat.
Rina pretended not to hear him; her patience was wearing thin and it took all her strength not to break his nose. Several orbs lit up the small compartment of the Barra. Kalin touched a yellow orb and a miniature holo rose up showing the schematics of the Barra. She stared in wonder, wishing she knew how to work the weapon. One shot was all she needed to take out his ba
Such vile thoughts, my lady, said Marante in her mind.
She glanced at him and couldnt help a smile. Theres only one way to stop a tyrantrelease the dogs of war.
Marante chuckled. Perhaps something less radical would suffice, though I do enjoy William Shakespeare.
Im setting it to overload, said Kalin. We need to get at least seven hundred feet away.
What kind of blast are we talking about? asked Rina. The distance was far and they were surrounded by rock that could easily cave in.
The door shut and Kalin laid the weapon on the ground. A red light was blinking on the Barra.
A big one, he said. Now go!
The four bolted for the passageway.
I hate running! yelled Shiro.
Shut up and run faster! shouted Rina.
As they entered the far tunnel, a thunderous explosion sent dirt and rocks tumbling from every side. A cloud of dust whooshed through, hurling their bodies in the air.


CHAPTER 17
Justin

Justin was sure the hammering pain in his head had cemented his eyelids shut. Wherever he was, it was dark, warm, stuffy, and stank like dead clams. His conscious mind began to spin, swirling his senses.
Oxygen, he thought. I need air.
As he inhaled a deep breath, bubbles of thin plastic fluttered inside his nostrils. He immediately turned his head so as not to suffocate. He forced his eyes open. All he saw was black. Nothing was visible. His left shoulder was throbbing. 
A bullet wound, he thought. He must have blacked out after he got hit.
He assessed his body position. He was lying partly on his right side with his arm jammed beneath him and his back resting against something soft. With every breath, the plastic heaved in and out. An icy cold ran through him.
Im in a body bag.
The loud roars of outboard engines became clearer. He was on a fast-moving boat and whoever was out there thought he was dead. Something heavy was lying on top of him. There was a wicked bounce and whatever lay on him pounced down hard, nearly crushing his left shoulder. He quelled a scream, trembling to the fiery pain. As he calmed, he recalled the dreadful events that brought him here.
Bauman was going to kill over two thirds of the worlds population, including all of its leaders. A wave of horror enveloped Justin as he recalled his last memory. He was of lying on the floor and helplessly watching everyones heads jolt back from the bullets going through their foreheads. His stomach churned to the grisly flashback. The vision would haunt him forever.
Rina! Panic engulfed him as he remembered Baumans words: The dead bodies of her and Shiro are at the bottom of the Mariana Trench. His spirit collapsed and he wanted to wail in agony. My baby is dead!
Vivid memories of her playing and laughing as a child kept racing through his mind and he couldnt stop whimpering. Her long black hair and bright green eyes made her beautiful. Hed raised her to be compassionate, caringa fighter for justiceand it got her killed. More tears streamed out, his aching heart swallowing the blame. Shed seen through Bauman and fearlessly confronted him. She had more courage than an army of soldiers and yet at times hed doubted her judgment, passing it off as punitive hostility.
What kind of a father was I?
He loved her more than life and did everything possible to raise her right. He imagined how frightened Shiro must have been as they neared their demise and how Rina would have tried to console him. The death of his two children would not go unnoticed. They were murdered along with his office staff and who knows how many others. Justins bones and muscles tightened to an upsurge of hatred. Baumans betrayal had to be exposed or millions would die, and killing his henchmen on this boat may be unavoidable.
Bauman will not win this.
He only hoped he still had his keychain with Marys knife in his left pocket, and his cell phone but he doubted the latter, Bauman would have taken it. The upper part of his right arm was wedged tight beneath his side; all he could use was his bent elbow and hand. This meant his injured left arm would have to reach into his pocket. It was throbbing like a drum beat. The slightest stirring may alert anyone within view, but there was no choice. He would have to be discreet.
His face scrunched in pain as he bent his left elbow and slid his hand into his black pants pocket. A warm trickle of blood flowed from the wound and down his white shirt. The cell phone was gone but he sighed in relief when his fingers touched the pocketknife between the many keys. Cautiously, he began pulling the key ring out, keeping his motions slow and precise. The giant wad jammed up on the rim of his pocket. He tugged several times with no success.
If I had just listened to Rina and lightened the load. This is going to hurt.
With his hand clutching the heap, he yanked hard and the keys popped out. A horrendous pain shot through him like a thousand knives tearing into his skin. His whole body shook with each breath as he waited for the torment to subside.
He kept his left elbow bent and with both hands fiddled through the key chain until he found the small knife. He slipped the blade out; a four-inch incision would be a start. In front of his chest, he pushed the knife though the black plastic and began slicing upward. After cutting two inches, the slit flared open and a glob of dark, reddish-tan gelatin plopped onto his shirt. He froze. The mangled blonde hair told him it was Barbara. The back of her head was blown out. He turned away from the foul stench and his stomach lurched, vomiting his food.
Poor Barbara, he thought, weeping silently.
She was innocent and yet Bauman shot her without hesitation. There was a heavy bounce and more grey matter spilled through. He had to get out of there. With the next bounce, he stiffened his body and shoved Barbaras corpse off him. After recovering from the pain, he noticed a ray of light shining through. With the tip of his knife, he quietly continued slicing until he could see out. He was in a cuddy cabin and hopefully alone. Another vicious bounce sent a glob of blood and brain from his chest onto his chin.
Justin desperately tore his way out of the bag, not caring who was in the room. With the top-half of his body free, he quickly sat up taking several breaths. The odor of gasoline satiated the air. He covered his mouth as he coughed against the burning sensation in his throat. The light tan ceiling was only inches away so he looked down. He was sitting on a stack of body bags. Barbaras sack was to his right, wedged between a bench and another body. Mortified, he ripped at the remaining plastic with the knife, kicking with his legs, anxious to get off the pile of death. He tumbled down recklessly, banging his injured shoulder and landing on his right side with a thud. A shooting pain gripped his body and he felt himself losing consciousness.
Not now, Justin. Hold on.
He focused his eyes straight ahead, determined to freeze the twirling images and relax his tense muscles. To his surprise it worked. He was facing a smooth almond-colored wall and lying on an ocean-blue padded seat. It was soft and he struggled to sit up despite the grinding pain in his shoulder. The body bags were blocking most of the bench, and he sat with his legs stretched across the cushion. If others were in the cabin with him, they would have revealed themselves by now. He scooted back against the wall that curved around the bench and rested, studying his surroundings.
The almond walls domed the cabin all the way down to both bench seats set across from each other. Blue curtains covered twelve round portholes, six on each side and above the two seats. He peeked out the curtain next to him. The sun was bright and it was a calm day; however, judging from the size of the water crests, the ship was hauling butt. They were in a hurry to get somewhere. The teak exit door was behind him to the left and up two steps.
A muscle near his pierced shoulder spasmed and he flinched. Black, coagulated blood filled the wound and a small stream of red was draining out. The bullet was lodged deep inside. His shirt was soaked with blood, grey matter, and vomit; the smell was sickening. Nauseated again, he hurried and slipped it off, tossing it aside. To his right, a small compartment sat within the sidewall. He unlatched the lock and slid the door open. Inside were four neatly folded green camouflage shirts and he took one out.
The military is always efficient, he thought.
The big shirt was clean and all he needed. With his knife, he slashed off a sleeve and rolled it up, pressing it into the wound and feeling the lump of the embedded bullet. Tears were running down his cheeks. He tore off the other sleeve and wrapped it around his shoulder, creating a pressure bandage. With the remaining shirt, he constructed a splint. He slumped back to relax a bit when a deep pain burrowed through his chest. It wasnt the bullet.
Rina. He closed his eyes and exhaled, trying to blink away the tears.
Too many lives are at stake; theres no time to mourn.
He pulled his knees up to his chest and swung his legs off the bench, when he noticed a twine of colored wires leading into the compartment beneath the seat across from him. He had to check it out.
Standing should be easy; staying on his feet would be difficult. The dizziness and the moving vessel were a bad combination. He cautiously rose to his feet and pressed his back against the wall, using it as a support to glide along sideways and not fall down. Upon passing the stairs, he counted ten body bags on the floor. His heart ached as he remembered the faces of his friends. He reached the bench and lifted the seat. Six five-gallon gas cans stood side by side wired to each other. The same colored wires ran beneath the other bench hed just come off. The ship was rigged to explode.
Great, thought Justin. How much time do I have?
The door leading out was shut. He kneeled on the second step and with his right hand cracked open the door about an inch. He could see the helm of the ship. No one was driving, a sure sign he was alone.
He flung the door open and got up to his feet. After two dizzying steps, he slipped on the damp floor and hit the main deck face first. Lying on his stomach, he felt warm blood running from his nose. Angry now, he sat up and swiped at the blood pouring down his chin. He shook his head in disgust and pinched the nape of his nose.
Im such an idiot.
He gazed around the boat. It had an inboard engine and was at least thirty-five feet long. The main console sat beneath an extended roof, which protected him from the weather and sun. The name Boston Whaler was engrained on the backrest of the Captains vinyl seat.
Nothing but the best, he thought.
The detonator had to be near the helm. He grabbed onto the stair railing and pulled himself to his feet. Over the dashboard, a streamlined glass-domed window gave a full view of the empty bow and the barren ocean. A sudden rush of loneliness came upon him. If he failed, he would die alone and no one would know what happened to him. Rina and Shiros deaths would have meant nothing.
Theres no way Baumans winning this.
He settled into the captains seat. The console consisted of the ships silver steering wheel, speedometer, compass, and several flip switches for the accessories like bilge pumps and bait wells. A short chain dangled from the inserted key. Lining the top and sides of the white console was stainless steel railing. A small blue box was attached to the base of the steering wheel that was moving on its own.
Programmed, he thought.
The vertical silver gearshift controlling the speed was almost all the way up. The ship was doing over seventy knots. He leaned to the side and looked underneath. A timer was attached to four gray blocks of the explosive, C4. The L.E.D. read three minutes.
Crap!  he said aloud.
He quickly slid to the floor and laid down, ignoring the pain in his shoulder, and studied the set-up through tear filled eyes. He recalled his days as a field geologist and the many times hed used C4 to study the earth. This detonator was a military standard issue, the same kind he used on geological sites.
There was no reason to use an expensive one, he thought. Everyone was supposed to be dead.
He had to leave the countdown intact. If they were reading it, he didnt want them to know anyone was alive. He set the timer on his wristwatch to match the readout and disconnected the red and blue wires to the detonator, leaving the green and white wires alone. The countdown meter was still active.
The engines and the remote device had to be shut down simultaneously. He got to his knees and followed the wires leading out from the bomb. They were taped inside the console wall and ran along the floor then up into the enormous ice cooler making up the captains bench. His watch read two minutes. He flipped up the seat cushion. Colorful wires looped in and out of the cup-sized remote mechanism wedged between two blocks of styrofoam.
He lifted it out, shut the seat cover, and set the unit on the bench. When he stood, a wave of dizziness almost made him fall and he clutched the railing for support. 
Ive got to keep it together.
Standing sideways between the console and bench seat, he clamped his right hand around the gear-shift, making sure to loop two fingers into the chain dangling from the inserted key. Engine shut off was critical. He wobbled on his right leg as he slowly lifted his left foot until it reached the top of the seat. He pressed his black shoe against the remote control unit, pushing it into the backrest, holding it in place.
So far, so good.
He carefully slipped his arm out of the splint, leaned over his bent leg, stretched his left arm, and gripped the green and white wires that needed to be torn from the remote. The pain was creating more tears and it was going to get worse.
One minute. I can do this, he thought; his left fingers tingled, straining to hold the wires.
Thirty seconds. His arm quivered as he pulled the damaged muscles in his shoulder.
Ten seconds. Sweat rolled down his face. His arm began trembling.
Two seconds. Now!
He ripped the wires out, slammed the throttle down, and yanked the key out. The engines rumbled to a halt and the ship jolted forward. The bow sank beneath the water with a swish sending a big wave splashing over. Justin bashed into the console and grabbed the railing above the wheel to keep himself from flying off the vessel. The boat teetered with the thrashing waves then settled in the calm seas.
The pain in his shoulder was excruciating. The pressure bandage was soaked in blood. He tossed the shredded wires on the deck and slipped his arm back into the splint. Whether or not Bauman knew hed escaped, he didnt know.
Ill find out when I hear a missile coming.
He leaned on the wheel, exhausted. A beeping sound came from his wristwatch. At OSRI, he had set it to chime every thirty minutes to remind him of the Presidents speech.
The igniting of the nukes. They had less than four hours to evacuate over eight million people.
He had to get back to OSRI. Bauman was sure to be gone by now. He could barely see land. He faced the console and turned the key, the engines roared to life. He pushed the gear shift all the way up, spun the wheel around, and headed back to land at full speed.


CHAPTER 18
Kalin

Am I alive? asked Shiro.
No, said Kalin, rising to his feet. Shiro was lying flat on his back on the riverbank. Youre dead.
Rinas head popped up from under a mound of dirt. Did we kill the babies?
Yeah, said Kalin, helping Marante stand. Lets clean up in the river.
Are you sure there arent any babies in there? asked Rina.
I am not sensing any life forms, said Marante.
Good, said Shiro, and he dove into the water.
Kalin walked in up to his boot cuffs, keeping an eye on Rina, who was swimming about.
Theres something in her I cant place, he said to Marante in his mind. I know shes lying.
Marante answered, You must believe me when I say she is telling the truth, but alas, there is something else my telepathy cannot reach.
Ha! So I was right, thought Kalin with a smile.
A low whirring sound came from down the tunnel.
What is that? asked Kalin.
Shiro splashed out of the river as if being chased. Is it another monster? Do we have to run again?
It is plausible, said Marante, standing drenched next to Kalin. You really must adjust your thoughts about running.
I hate running, said Shiro.
Shh, listen, said Rina beside him as she squeezed the water from her long hair. It sounds like purring.
Kalin slipped the white handle from his boot. He held it up in the air and watched Rinas eyes open wide as the branches weaved out, forming the silver blade.
Its a Norin Blade, he said quietly, hoping to intimidate her. Itll start cutting three inches from your skin.
Can I hold it? she asked, mesmerized at the sight.
No, he said in disappointment. You cant be trusted. Marante, ready your Barra.
Rina glared at him with vicious eyes.
A little more and shell break, he thought.
A little more and you may not have the items needed for procreation, said Marante.
Kalin eyed him concerned. Whats that mean?
Keep up your antagonizing and you will see. He could hear Marante's laughter.
I think the purrs are getting louder, said Rina.
Great, said Shiro, his voice echoing. Its probably more running.
Shh! they said together at him.
The four began creeping along the wall. The tunnel expanded to a wide cavern with a straight cliff on their left. They tiptoed to the edge and peeked down. At the bottom of the crevasse, two train-sized millipedes were entwined and softly purring. Their brown bodies hosted hundreds of legs, ten to each of their many segments. The larger insect on top was pulsing.
Wow, said Shiro. Theyre doing it.
Thats gross, said Rina, turning around.
Whats wrong? asked Kalin. Never had sex before?
Thats none of your business.
It might do you some good, he said. The Norin blade liquefied back into its handle and he stuffed it back into his boot.
Shut up, jerk, she said.
Now youre getting nasty.
Kalin twisted her arm behind her back and wrapped his other arm around her waist.
What are you not telling me? he asked, wrenching her arm a little harder.
Stop! she said. Youre hurting me.
Tell me the truth, he said, sniffing her hair. She even smells good.
I am telling the truth, she said, squirming. Im an Earth-human for Petes sake. I didnt know people existed outside my world until five hours ago.
He let her go and pushed her away.
Youre a real psycho, she said, rubbing her arm. Ill bet the only women you can get are brainless morons who cant read.
Marante busted out laughing. She already knows you.
Rina, look at this, said Shiro, his attention still on the mating creatures. Theyre beginning to separate.
At least theyre real women, said Kalin, not the kind that muscle up to you. Ilya is more of a woman than youll ever be.
Can she count to ten?
Kalin glared with evil eyes. Truth is, a Ttress didnt have the mental capacity to assimilate mathematics, something with the brains inability. But Ilya was kind and gentle, and Kalin was glad to have her as a companion. Shed eased his pain many nights and although it was customary for Saleran males to have only one wife, he would change that, making her one of his many wives. Rina on the other hand was mouthy and obnoxious and despite the fact he had never hit a woman, one slap would make him very happy. He felt Marantes stare.
I will not allow that, he said in Kalins mind. No more bickering.
Leave me alone, Kalin said, annoyed at Marantes intrusion.
You have got to see this, Shiro said, waving at them to come.
The three joined Shiro at the edge of the cliff. The writhing male millipede suddenly detached from its female partner. Black legs wriggled against its tan-colored underside. As it rolled onto its back, a twelve-foot bright red penis disjoined, ejaculating sperm. A thick spurt flew up into the air. Rina, Kalin, and Marante jumped away. Shiro got splattered.
His hair and clothes were drenched in gray sperm. He raised his trembling hands. Rina doubled over laughing.
This is not funny, said Shiro. Im...Im going to throw up. He bent forward and made several dry heaves.
She covered her mouth, attempting to stop. Im sorry, she said, her voice a higher pitch, but its only sperm. Its not infected.
Okay, he said, want some?
He swung a wad of semen at her. Rina quickly moved away and the jelly-like substance splashed onto the rock wall behind her, sticking to it like glue.
She stuck her tongue out at him. Im going to tell everyone you got spermed by a bug.
I will kill you, said Shiro through gritted teeth. Im still nauseous and I dont need your jokes.
You are mine, she said with a strange accent, to torture as I please.
Kalin smiled and shook his head. You both are too much. Shiro, I have something to help you with that.
He reached inside his vest pocket and removed a Sarvin pouch. He dropped a few orange crystals on Shiros head and watched them twinkle down his body.
Theyre called Sarvin Crystals, he said, happy to see Rinas mouth drop open. They remove dirt and heal cuts.
You mean you deliberately let me stand there covered in scorpion blood? she demanded.
Kalin chuckled. Yep. I figured you needed a good humbling.
Rina lunged for him but Marante stretched out his long arm and stopped her. Calm down, my lady, he said, struggling to hold her. We must remain level-headed to save your world, please. Kalin, apologize to her.
No way, he said. Remember, sweetheart, I always win. He went into a full-blown belly laugh again.
A sticky sludge hit Kalin in the face. He began coughing and choking on the slime he inadvertently swallowed. Rina was standing stiff, sneering at him with sperm dripping from her hand. The rock face behind her was clean. He dropped to all fours and puked.
Can your Sarvin Crystals remove your stomach contents? she said.
Kalin jumped to his feet and rushed towards her. You
Marante blocked his way. That was well deserved. He snatched the bag from Kalins hand and poured a few crystals on his head.
Kalin closed his eyes, anxious for them to finish so he could throw her off the cliff. His patience was gone, but Vorkis was still free, so he couldnt do it.
I wont forget this, he said, spitting the words through clenched teeth.
Good, she said. Now you know how it feels to be totally grossed.
She approached him and stepped onto a small boulder in front of him. She latched onto his black vest and pulled him close. He couldnt believe her audacity.
This girl has absolutely no fear of me.
Im sorry, Kalin, she said, her voice soft and surprisingly caring. What you swallowed was horrible and its making me sick.
He stepped back, shocked by her apology. Her crme-colored skin had to be soft as silk and the thick, black lashes surrounding her aqua-green eyes made them seem to glow. She was truly a natural beauty. He sighed, disappointed he couldnt hit her.
I wouldnt worry too much, said Shiro, staring at the regurgitated food. Its there on the floor.
Rising above the partially ingested pile was the jellied clump of gray sperm. Kalin took the sack from Marantes hand and gulped down a bunch of the orange crystals. Popping sensations ran all the way into his stomach. From down the passageway they heard a boom, then a clang followed by a low hum.
It sounds like Xeon Diffusers, said Marante, addressing Rina and Shiro. They are the machines dredging this core.
Lets go, said Kalin. He couldnt let this beauty overtake him. The sooner we get this mission done, the better.
He hurried away from the crowd, irritated he let a twirpy woman get to him.
Look beyond her stubbornness, said Marante in Kalins mind. You are just as pig-headed.
You didnt swallow that crap.
No, but you were not covered in insect viscera either, replied Marante.
I dont want to discuss this anymore, said Kalin.
Rina suddenly appeared beside him. You were wrong not to help me, Kalin, she said. I need an apology.
Kalin stopped walking and focused on her eyes. She meant every word.
Okay, he said, eager to shut her up. Im sorry for not using the Sarvins on you but if you ever do anything like that again, Ill hit you so hard youll be seeing triple the rest of your life. Got it?
Marantes right, she said, smirking. We have to stop fighting if were going to save this world.
Its about time you smartened up, he said.
Excuse me, but you started it, she said. Listen, its obvious I dont like you and you dont like me, so lets be mature and just move on.
Fine, he said, picking up his pace. Just one slap. Now stop talking.
She was still there. Ill change the subject. Her voice was lighter now, not so tough.
Dont you ever shut up? he asked, aggravated shed ignored his last comment.
I never shut up, she said, grinning. How are we going to become friends if we dont talk?
I dont want to be your friend, Kalin said in frustration.
You really arent used to women like me, are you?
Her roguish smile peeved him some more.
No. A woman is supposed to be quiet and submissive, not stubborn and annoying.
Ah, yes, she said. Brainless morons who cant count to ten.
Kalin was ready to slam her with an insult when she continued, But I guess everyone has his own taste. One day Im going to find a man whose brain is not in his pants.
Shiro cleared his throat, waving his hand. Over here, piglet. You met one over seven years ago.
You dont count, sperm boy.
Quit calling me sperm boy, hemorrhoid.
Kalin listened to the two discuss Rinas man type. They argued like a real brother and sister, calling each other names and using put-downs. Kalin felt remorse. He never fought with his brothers, even common wrestling amongst siblings was considered hostile, a factor he blatantly resisted as a child, thereby receiving many punishments. Living in the House of Altor was confining and the Laws of Ethilia were oppressing. Hed gotten to a point where insanity wouldve overtaken him if he hadnt left. All he wanted was a normal life but being of Saleran royal blood, it couldnt happen.
Im done talking to you, shmohawk, said Rina. Kalin, is Vorkis physique similar to yours?
Yes, but I got to say this, said Kalin, you dont respect Shiro very much, do you?
She tilted her head and gazed at him oddly. Thats the way we are. If he didnt fight with me, something would be wrong. She glanced back at Shiro. Right?
Yeah, said Shiro. Its the way we get along. Im always right and shes always wrong.
In your dreams, she said, then turned to Kalin. I dont mean to step out of line, but it seems to me the battle between you and Vorkis will end with one of you dead, so why take the chance if your race depends on you for survival?
Wrong question. The steam of rage rose up into his nostrils. I am so tired of people not understanding. Do you have any idea what its like to watch your family die?
Yes, she said. My mother and I were in a country called Chile when an 8.5 earthquake occurred. The stone shack we were in collapsed. The local natives freed us but she died in my arms.
Are you an only child? asked Kalin.
Yes, unfortunately, she said. I was adopted.
So theyre not your real parents.
No, theyre not, she answered, perturbed, but I still love them. Get real, Kalin, your reasoning is stupid.
He clamped his hands around her upper arms and lifted her off the floor. He expected to see fear, but instead her body was rigid, her eyes were filled with determination.
Picture this, Princess, he said. Your father is lying on the floor rotting. Your little sister is in your arms screaming in agony as her body parts fall off in your hands. Imagine standing on the balcony of your home and listening to thousands of people crying as a flesh-eating virus kills every person on the planet, leaving only you alive. He pulled her closer, nose-to-nose. Until youve done that, dont tell me not to avenge their deaths.
Her eyes crinkled in pity, and he backed her away, slowly putting her down. She had an enormous amount of compassion, more than what he had.
Im sorry for what happened, she said, and I understand how that could change a persons thinking. But Kalin, she added, gently holding his arm, their memories, their lives, live in you. If you die, youll be killing them again. Dont risk that. Dont give in to Vorkis.
Didnt you hear what I just said? he yelled. He yanked his arm away. Are you stupid like everyone else?
If everyone is saying the same thing, she said calmly, we cant all be wrong.
You are wrong! he shouted. Vorkis is going to die at any cost. This conversation is over. He stormed away.
Even Earth? she said loudly. Her voice echoed in his ears. I mean, what if it comes down to Vorkis or Earth, Kalin? Would we lose?
Kalin refused to acknowledge her. How dare a primitive Earth-human question him? Their vile history proved their race knew nothing of justice.
Kalin, wait! yelled Marante. Grudgingly he turned around. What?
Marante approached him, busily studying the miniature holos on the scanner. Rina and Shiro followed.
Since the beginning, I had configured the scanner to find the source of the REM signal and thus Vorkis Command Center, said Marante. When we met Rina and Shiro, the scanner lost its primary function because its signal was being disrupted by something more powerful. I reconfigured the unit for Pril. He showed Kalin the holo. You were correct.
Kalin glowered at Rina. Got her! He clinched her upper arms, swung her body around and slammed her against the rock wall. Her head wobbled deliriously.
Wheres Vorkis? he screamed. In an outrage, he bashed her body against the wall again. Where is he? he shouted in her face.
Ow! What? she said, shaking her head trying to clear her thoughts. Are you crazy?
He gave you the Pril to throw us off his trail. He squeezed her arms tighter. Where is he?
What are you talking about? she said, squirming to free herself. Let me go! Youre hurting me!
Kalin! demanded Marante. It is enough!
Kalin shook his head. Shes working for him and she dies here.
He clamped one hand around her neck cutting off her airway and then pulled the Norin Blade from his boot. He held it up to her face and he watched her eyes widen in horror as the branches wove into a twelve-inch knife.
Shiro latched onto Kalin's arm, wrestling to free Rina. I wont let you hurt her. 
Two white beams of light shot out of Kalins eyes and hit Shiro in the chest, sending him airborne and crashing into the far wall.
You must stop, Kalin! said Marante. There is more.
What more could there be? he said, tightening his grip on  her neck. She was turning blue. Anyone working for him is going to die.
Im-not-working-for-him, squeaked Rina.
She is not an Earth-human, said Marante. There is no record of her life-form in our database.
What? asked Kalin.
Let her go! yelled Shiro, who was getting to his feet.
Kalin momentarily stared at Rina and then released her. She fell to the floor gasping for air, clutching her throat. Shiro ran to her and helped her to sit.
Youre just like Vorkis, said Shiro, looking up at him. Are you going to kill us too?
Explain, Marante, said Kalin, ignoring Shiros comment.
Marante squatted beside Rina. My lady, you are carrying Pril but I cannot pinpoint its location. Do you have anything in your pockets or perhaps some form of jewelry?
Rinas mouth gaped and she looked down at her chest. Her hand tightened around something beneath her red T-shirt. 
The necklace? said Shiro.
She pulled out a large black pendant dangling on a jewel-encrusted chain. Kalins breath caught in his chest. The Pril was the size of a flattened egg.
Where did you get that? asked Marante.
My mother was a volcanologist and found this after an eruption.
That is the purest and largest piece of Pril ever discovered, said Marante, studying the scanner. May I touch it?
Yes, she said, but I cant take it off; its a promise.
You have my word I will not take it from you, said Marante.
She nodded at him. He held the stone in his hand and immediately began making adjustments on the scanner.
What exactly is Pril? asked Shiro.
Throughout history legend told of stones with enormous power, said Marante. One day it was accidentally discovered by a ship of younglings who decided to illegally use an asteroid field for target practice. They blasted an asteroid and the force of the explosion incinerated them and a nearby star system. Up until the present, only grains of Pril have been found. I never thought I would ever see a piece this size.
What makes you think Im not an Earth-human? asked Rina.
You have internal organs that are inexplicable, said Marante. Do you have any recollection of your home world?
Rinas inward emotions told Kalin she really was innocent.
No, she said, confused. I...I only know Earth.
I knew it, said Shiro. Shes probably British too.
Knock it off, said Rina. This is serious. She turned to Marante. The scanner has got to be broken.
It was malfunctioning, said Marante. But since I reconfigured it, the unit is working perfectly.
It has to be wrong, she said. I have to be human...an...an Earth-human. Her bottom lip was quivering.
Kalin saw her disillusionment and sensed her frustration. Distraught, he leaned back on the wall, holding his forehead. For the first time in his life, he almost murdered an innocent person because he let an evil man dominate his thoughts. Was Shiro right? Was he just like Vorkis? The thought made him nauseous. He had to be better than Vorkis. Clear thinking and control were imperative if victory was his goal. Now, however, due to his own stupidity, he had to suck in his pride and apologize to the most annoying back-talking brat hed ever met.
Life sucks, he thought.
It explains a lot of things, Rina, said Shiro. Like why your IQ is off the scale, and sometimes I swear you can read my mind. Who knew all this time Ive been hanging with E.T. I think its great.
I...I guess its okay, she said, uncertainty in her voice. It does explain a lot of things. But why they didnt tell me? I was told my real parents died in a plane crash. How could they lie to me?
Your civilization harbors a mortal fear of the unknown, said Marante. What do you think they would have done to a child from another planet? I dare not think about it. And perhaps it was their space craft that crashed, therefore not a lie.
Youre not alone, said Kalin, gently placing his hand on her shoulder. Youre an alien on this world, but not beyond its barriers.
Shiro pushed his hand off. Dont touch her, he demanded.
Shiros angry stare told him he meant it and even though he was an easy take, Kalin decided to respect his wishes. After all, hed messed up big time with Rina.
Im sorry, Shiro, for hurting you, said Kalin, and Im sorry, Rina, for not trusting you and being a total jerk.
Apology accepted, said Shiro, grinning. Now, what the heck came out of your eyes?
Theyre called Xevniors, answered Kalin, an energy ray only Saleran men possess and the reason why Im the only one who can defeat Vorkis.
Kalin noted Rinas growing acceptance of her newly discovered heritage, her mind thinking, reasoning on the situation. She was a strong, decisive individual willing to acknowledge change. A true scientist.
Shiro helped her to stand. So, do you think your real parents were aliens and Justin and Mary adopted you?
She gazed at him momentarily, then answered, No, I think my mother, Mary, was the alien and my dad took us in after our spaceship crashed. My father never spoke to me about astronomy but Ive always felt there was something different about Mom. Even though she was a volcanologist, she had a special love for the cosmos. And remember the look in her eyes when she told us the stories? It was as if shed been there and I wonder now if they were real experiences.
I wouldnt doubt it, said Shiro.
She turned to Kalin and put her hands on her hips. So, are you through being a jerk?
The twirp was going to nail him. Yes..., he glanced away, the shame was overwhelming. There has to be a way out of this. Can we move on now?
Absolutely not, she said. I need an apology from you and you have to mean it. So...on your knees, Kalin of Salera.
What? I will not get on my knees, squirt, forget it.
Youve insulted me, covered me in scorpion gunk, accused me of working for your enemy, almost knifed me and, oh, lets not forget nearly breaking my arm and choking me to death. I think those things demand a humble apology, dont you?
Kalin turned away, rolling his eyes. This was payback. Marante was nodding his head.
You must comply, said Marante.
I really miss Ilya, he said in his mind.
There was no choice; he had to do it. He slowly faced her again and went down on one knee at a time. It was by far the most humiliating, agonizing, torturous situation hed ever gotten himself into. And the smirk on her face made it worse.
Im sorry for everything, he said. I shouldve trusted you.
With a coy smile, she stroked his right cheek. Her hand was warm and soft, her eyes gentle and caring. Without warning, her fist bashed his left jaw. His head spun to the right and he almost lost his balance, catching himself with both hands on the ground. He pushed himself back up to his knees and glared at her.
Apology accepted, she said grinning.
Kalin leapt to his feet, pointing his finger in her face. I wouldnt have hit you.
You deserved it, she said, smacking his hand away, so suck it up and quit being a baby.
He heard Marante chuckle.
Tell me, my lady, what kind of stories did your mother tell?
She was so cool, said Shiro. We would climb this big tree and....
Wait! she said, clutching Shiros arm, her eyes scrunched in worry. The box.
Oh crap, said Shiro.
Rina grabbed Kalins vest with both hands. I have to get to my house in Colorado now, this moment, or its all over.
Why? asked Kalin, gently removing her desperate grip, watching the anxiety grow on her face.
My mother had given me a big stone box and in it was more Pril. She had to know what it was because I had to swear to keep it hidden and never leave the cover open. If Vorkis finds it, were done. The piece of Pril is bigger than the size of a basketball.
Kalin felt the hairs on his arms straighten. Are you sure its Pril?
Yes, she said. My mom said it was the same ore as the pendant.
Kalin turned to Marante. If this planet implodes, the energy released would cause a black hole big enough to devour this quadrant of the galaxy.
Just then, the air rumbled and the tunnel violently shook. Rina stumbled into Shiros arms and they fell backwards onto the ground. The earthen floor beneath Kalin began spreading apart; a second later, he and Marante were screaming as they plummeted down a dark crevasse.


CHAPTER 19
Rina

Rina was on all fours peering into the dark abyss. She felt her life fading away along with the sounds of Kalins and Marantes screams. Two of the bravest men shed ever met, her friends, were gone. Theyd risked everything to save Earth, even their lives. Without them, how could she and Shiro save the world? They werent familiar with the machinery or the weapons, and which way was the Command Center? Could the two of them actually stop the implosion?
We have to go, said Shiro. I think I hear people coming.
She cocked her head and listened, trying to stifle her emotions. Trotting footsteps were coming their way. Shiro helped her to stand; her whole body was trembling. She inhaled a deep breath and forced her legs to stiffen. Keeping her thoughts centered on Earth was essential and no matter how hard, failure was unforgivable.
Lets go, she said.
When they turned, four Zorcons were pointing their Barras at them. They raised their hands in surrender.
You will come with us, said the closest Zorcon, his stare glued to her necklace.
He pointed with his Barra and they started down the passageway with two Zorcons in front of them and two behind. She glanced back at the fissure. A ten-foot rift had swallowed Kalin and Marante. Shiro squeezed her hand. She had to relax so she could think straight.
She hadnt slept in more than forty-eight hours; exhaustion was taking its toll and it was difficult to concentrate. Shiro cleared his throat. He was surveying their surroundings, planning something. Throughout this whole experience, hed gotten stronger in character. Even the filth didnt seem to bother him. They turned into a short tunnel and walked to the end. The rock face slid open, revealing the bright white interior of an elevator and they entered.
Level Three, said the Zorcon. He sounded like a Cylon from the old Battlestar Galactica series.
Rinas stomach twisted at the sight of the creatures. Their clear skin evinced all movement, even pulsing veins. They were true monsters. She didnt sense any motion and was surprised when the elevator doors reopened. A Barra nudged her back and she stepped out onto a steel grated platform with twining stairs leading down.
Go, said the Zorcon.
Gray smoke and dust marred the visibility of the cavern. Two huge machines, resembling giant robots on rolling tracks, were using laser beams to dredge into the stone. 
Xeon Diffusers, she thought.
Hundreds of Zorcons were busily working. On the other side of the cavern, a wide river was rushing through. They reached the bottom floor and approached a strange, black domed vehicle resembling an truck-size Volkswagen. The Zorcon touched a maroon pad on the outside of the craft and yellow static evaporated into an opening. The inside of the vehicle was beige with plush cushions.
Get in, said the Zorcon.
Rina and Shiro entered the vehicle and sat. The four Zorcons took the seat in front of them. One of them tapped a white pad above the opening next to Rinas head and the door reappeared. The vehicle lifted and drove off. It was a soft ride similar to a hovercraft. Shiro elbowed her side.
You go, I go, doesnt work for me, he whispered.
No speaking! said a Zorcon.
Whats he up to?
The vehicle slowed and she shifted her weight; they were turning. Shiro leaned back and laid his arm on the seat behind her.
So tell me, he said, addressing the guards, why do you obey the biggest jack-ass in the universe?
He quickly hit the white pad above the door next to her head. The portal appeared and he pushed her out of the moving vehicle. She hit the ground rolling and bashed into the rock wall. Bruised and aching, she lifted her head and saw the car stop farther down.
Go, Rina! yelled Shiro.
She stood up, ready to dash back to help him, but the vehicle sped off, leaving three Zorcons running towards her. She ran away as fast as she could, swerving into different tunnels and finally finding an outcrop large enough for her to hide behind. The Zorcons raced by her and she sighed in relief.
They had Shiro. She remembered Kalin telling her they would have her for lunch. Were they cannibals? She had to find him. 
This part of the core was barely lit. Small plopping sounds of water droplets were echoing throughout the tunnel. Were there more scorpions? She hoped not. She began feeling her way through the darkness, hoping nothing would bite her. The faraway sounds of digging machines were getting clearer. She needed a gun and that would be the place to get one.
A deep voice resonated through the tunnel. I know you can hear me, Rina.... 
She stopped dead in her tracks.
My name is Vorkis and I have your friend, Shiro. If you do not allow yourself to be found, my servants, the Zorcons, will eat him alive. You have five minutes.
They are cannibals!
Panic overwhelmed Rina. Frantic, she looked around trying to recall the way back to the main tunnel. Follow the machines! Shiros terrifying death was her only thought. She had to give in.
Im here! she yelled, hearing her voice echo in the tunnel. Come, Im here! Find me!
She stumbled through the darkness, sloshing her way through the puddles and falling several times, cutting herself on the jagged rocks. Her tear-filled eyes made it hard to focus. Her rapid breathing was echoing in her head. Desperation engulfed every emotion. Shiro couldnt die. Nothing else mattered.
Im lost! Dont hurt him! Find me!
The grinding sounds of the machines were getting louder. In the distance, a hazy amber light was barely visible. She began running towards the area when out of nowhere, someone tackled her. It was Kalin.
Let me go! she shouted.
Shiros as good as dead. He turned her around and held her upper arms tight. Vorkis will never let him survive.
She wriggled free. You dont know that! I have to save him.
She started to run again but Kalin pulled her back.
It is too late, my lady, said Marante.
Gurgling screams, ripping flesh, and cracking bones resonated through the tunnel. Rina felt the loud snap of fear inside her and she screamed in horror. Kalin wrapped her in his arms and pressed the side of her head against his chest, covering her other ear with his hand. Her body twitched violently as the morbid sounds continued. Suddenly, the agonizing cries stopped. Only the sound of grinding stone was heard. Her leg muscles gave way and Kalin caught her. He flipped her body over his shoulder and ran.
A cold numbness had penetrated all her senses. Unable to move, her arms dangled, bouncing to the stomps. Her mind was blank, her emotions void. All strength had been devoured in a seconds time. Kalin sat her softly on a boulder.
Everythings lost. Shiros gone.
Guilt and emptiness were all that remained. Kalin was on his knees and stroking her hair. She gazed into his green eyes as he tenderly moved the hair straddled across her face. Its his fault. He was the one whod stopped her. She could have saved him. She angrily slapped his hand away and stood up, ready to kick him in the head. He jumped to his feet, grabbed her arm and swung her around, holding her from behind with her hands crossed over her chest.
He would be alive if it werent for you! she shouted, using all her strength to squirm free. His grip was tight.
Shiro was dead the moment he met Vorkis, said Kalin. He would have made you watch him die.
She stopped fighting, feeling her heart scream for the pain to go away. She squirmed free and pounded her fists on his chest.
No! she said, crying. Youre wrong! I could have saved him!
Look at what he did to his own people, he said, calmly. Hes pure evil, Rina, and Im living proof.
It was my fault, she wept, my fault...I was lost.... She fell to her knees.
Im so sorry, he said softly, kneeling beside her.
I couldnt find my way back, she stuttered, her whole body trembling.
Kalin is correct, said Marante, squatting next to her. Vorkis would have forced you to watch Shiro die, then he would have taken your Pril and that is something we must never allow.
Her best friend had died horribly because of a stupid rock. 
I dont want this thing! 
She went to rip off the necklace, but Kalin gently caressed both her hands.
As long as you have it, Shiro didnt die in vain.
What kind of animals would do that? she whimpered.
These Zorcons are traitors to their own world, said Marante. They refused to obey their own laws when it came to human flesh and were banished from their society. His voice softened. My lady, Shiro gave his life for this world. We should honor him by saving it.
He was right. Rina took several deep breaths to calm herself. Her father always knew what to say, but he wasnt here. Shiro was dead and there was nothing she could do. It was all Vorkis fault. Hed killed a good man and this was where it would stop.
That was their last meal, she said, standing up and wiping the tears away. Theyre going to pay.
Just then, a Zorcon jumped out from an alcove, pointing a Barra at them. 
You will come with me, he said.
Rina snatched the Barra from Marantes hand. Eat this, she said.
Three laser shots hit the Zorcon. The creature slammed into the wall and slid to the ground. Smoldering holes opened his chest cavity. Rina stared with a seething hate, wanting so much to kill it again. She shook the weapon feeling something was wrong with it..
I thought this thing was set to disintegrate, she said, what happened?
I reset it so it could regenerate faster, said Marante.
Kalin gently pried the Barra from her fingers, but she wasnt done.
This isnt over, she said.
She ran to the dead body and began kicking it hard, using all her might to maim the creature. She felt Kalins arms wrap around her and lift her away.
Hes dead, he said. You killed him. Thats enough.
Its not enough! she screamed. I want him dead again, and again. Theyre all going to die! She wiggled her way out of his arms and launched herself again at the dead body, stomping on the dead carcass.
Shiros death will only be of value if you save the lives of the people above, said Marante, standing beside her, his Barra on his shoulder. Mutilating a corpse will not avenge his death. Please, my lady.... He put his hand on her shoulder. Do not let hate overcome you; it will be your downfall.
She stopped the assault, trembling and unable to speak while tears flooded her face. Marante squeezed her shoulder and almost instantly, the grief and hate dissipated to a controllable level.
His powers are amazing.
You were the one who helped Shiro make it through this, werent you? she said, gazing at him.
Yes, said Marante, it is a gift. Your people need you.
According to our calculations, said Kalin, your world has approximately three hours before implosion. We have to finish this.
She removed Marantes hand from her shoulder. Sometimes vengeance is good, especially when it comes to slaughtering worthless animals.
Not all Zorcons are worthless animals, my lady, said Marante. Those who live on their world are law-abiding citizens and only eat animal flesh. They are not all evil.
Hey, said Kalin. Shes talking about the ones here and I agree with her. These Zorcons need to be slaughtered just like Vorkis.
Rinas breath caught in her chest when she heard Kalins words, Just like Vorkis. Was she turning into Kalin with his vengeful hatred? Would she allow it to consume her just like Kalin? At the moment, the emotion was too strong to let go, too powerful to overcome, but eventually she would deal with it. For now, Zorcons were dead meat and there was nothing she could do about it.
Do not listen to him, my lady, said Marante. Hate is controlling Kalin; you must be better than that. You must concentrate on saving your world. Shiro would have wanted it that way. His kindness and warm heart is what saved you and you must do the same for those above.
Rina sighed. Marante was right. Shiro saved her and she had to do the same for Earth. Hunting Zorcons would have to wait.
Just what are you saying? asked Kalin. Am I such a bad person?
When it comes to your family and the lives of your people...yes, said Marante, as I have told you several times.
Rina watched Kalin shaking his head, angered at Marantes words. The look in his eyes revealed the hate controlling him, his unreasonable determination...his weakness. How many lives would it take to satisfy her vengeance? More than she could count. Did she really want to turn into Kalin? Would she become like Vorkis, cold and inhuman? Both men were set on killing, one for justice, which eventually may lead to genocide, and one who killed to gain power, a sure sign of insanity. The options werent good.
Theres no choice in the matter, said Kalin. Slaughtering innocent people is something that shouldnt go unpunished. I
Rina gripped Kalins arm. Wait a minute, she interrupted; the conversation was turning nasty. I thought you guys were dead. How did you survive the fall?
We landed in another river, said Marante.
Only then did she notice both men were soaked.
Well finish this conversation later, Kalin said adamantly to Marante, who calmly nodded.
Kalin pulled out his satchel of Sarvin Crystals and dropped a few on her head. She watched them sparkle down her body, healing the cuts and bruises and even mending her torn clothes.
Thank you, she said.
From down the tunnel, several lights flashed and the sounds of heavy equipment grew louder.
Im taking out those machines, she said.
We have to get Vorkis first, said Kalin.
She focused on Kalins forest-green eyes. Kalin, she said softly, I know what you mean now. I understand the power of hatred. The emotion is so strong, its almost impossible to suppress. But as much as I despise Zorcons, I have to think of the people above. Theyre relying on me to save them and I have to put my feelings aside. She moved closer to him. What happened to you is way worse than what happened to me and you need to fight it with all youve got, for your family and your people. Dont give them up for Vorkis.
Kalin turned away, not listening as usual. His race might die because of him and he refused to see it. He was only thinking of himself.
How selfish, she thought.
Okay, fine, she said sternly. Go ahead and kill off your race. Be like Vorkis and finish what he started. Salera will go down in history as being left in the hands of the biggest loser in the galaxy.
Kalin sneered at her with the meanest face shed ever seen. He was visibly shaking with clenched fists and his brow was furrowed so tight every crease was bright red.
Stop living for yourself, she said, refusing to cower, angered he didnt care. Theres more at stake here than you.
Without warning, someone grabbed her neck from behind and yanked her back, shooting at Kalin and Marante, who dove away.


CHAPTER 20
Kalin, Rina

Rinas face reddened to Vurros hand squeezing her neck. A Barra was pressing her right temple.
Show yourself, coward! he shouted, his muzzle drooling white foam. Or the female dies!
How did he make a two-week trip in seventy-two hours? asked Marante in Kalins mind.
Vurro, how did you get here so fast? yelled Kalin.
Do not alter the subject! he shouted, his lips quivering over pointed, razor-sharp teeth. Show yourself!
Let her go and Ill let you live, said Kalin. Hurt her, and youre dead.
Vurro stood silent; his nearly black skin amplified the glow of yellow eyes.
He has been working with Vorkis for close to five years, said Marante.
Kalin sensed his friends telepathy digging into Vurros mind.
He assisted in the plan to annihilate all Salerans, said Marante.
Vurros elongated maw widened into a nefarious smile. A glorious moment I will never forget, he said as dangling strings of saliva jiggled in the air.
Kalins need to take him out was beginning to overpower him.
Marante clasped his arm. His only thought is to kill the Prince of Salera. Do not give in to his pleasure.
Kalin nodded and Marante handed him his Barra. He set it for stun.
Show yourself! yelled Vurro. He pushed the Barra hard against Rinas temple and her head jerked to the side. 
Dont, Kalin! she shouted, digging her nails into Vurros hand. Hes a maggot!
Vurro squeezed her neck harder, his rigid claws cutting into her skin. A bluish tinge began tinting her lips. She put her hand over her fist and elbowed Vurros stomach. He released her, stumbling away in pain. She jumped and spun, slicing a kick mid-air, her foot colliding with his head. His body swung around and bashed face-first into the wall. Rina stood over the unconscious form, rubbing the front of her neck, when a blue laser beam hit her in the back. She lurched forward and fell helplessly onto Vurro.
No! cried Kalin, leaping to his feet.
A volley of laser blasts whizzed past him and he ducked down for cover. Several Zorcons were hiding behind another outcrop.
I have to get her, he said, firing at anything that moved.
A low buzzing sound preceded a green transport beam that spread over Rina and Vurro. Their bodies lifted and flew towards the Zorcons. Within moments, Rina and Vurro were teleported away with the Zorcons. Vorkis laughter resonated through the tunnels.
Youre a fool, Kalin, he said. I have the Pril. Come. Im waiting.
Kalin picked up a rock and angrily threw it at the wall. It bore through the black stone with a puff of smoke. He turned to Marante. We have to find her.
We must stop the planet implosion, said Marante, or there will be no one to save.
You go for the Xeons. Kalin picked up Vurros Barra and tossed it to Marante. Im going for Rina.
Done, said Marante, and they ran their separate ways.

***

Voices echoed in Rinas head as cold fingers tapped her face. She opened her eyes slowly and saw an Earth-human man, fortyish, with a soft smile.
How are you? he asked.
Fine, she said as the man helped her to sit. Her head was pounding and her stomach hurt.
Where am I? she asked.
Youre in an underground jail. Creatures from outer space called Zorcons brought you here ten minutes ago. My name is Vinny, he added.
Youre not in a good place, said a voice behind her, Im Lisa.
Rina turned to see a wisp of a young girl with stringy black bangs over pure white skin; her dark eye make-up left ebony streaks down her face, a sign shed been here for some time. The small, open cavern smelled of mold. Rina counted fifteen people in scraggly, filthy clothes. Some were huddled on their knees praying while others were visibly crying. Lisa sat beside Rina.
Theres a blast hole in your shirt, said Lisa. Whats your name?
Rina, she said, reaching around and feeling the opening near the small of her back. I remember being shot, but theres no pain or flesh wound.
They healed you, said Vinny, scratching his head through his salt and pepper hair. Layers of brown dirt covered his skin. They always heal the ones they want to save for later.
Yeah, said Lisa, brushing off her torn jeans. Were the Zorcons meal ticket.
You could show a little more compassion, Vinny said, irritated.
Rina could tell this was not the first time Lisa had annoyed him.
Hey, Lisa said firmly, she has a right to know how shes going to die.
You need to control
Its okay, said Rina, placing her hand on Vinnys arm. Ive had several run-ins and she reached for her necklace. It was gone. Crap! I have to get out of here.
We all want to get out, Lisa said, sarcastically. What makes you so special?
My pendant contains a stone of pure energy and Vorkis is going to use it to kill millions.
You gave him Pril? said Lisa, rising to her feet. You idiot! Why did you bring it down here?
Rina now knew why Vinny disliked Lisa. 
I didnt know what it was until a short time ago, said Rina. Stop being so presumptuous and ask before you cast judgment.
Whatever. Now were all dead for sure.
Dont mind her, said Vinny. Her mouth gets in the way of her brain.
Stuff it, the girl muttered.
Vinny pointed to an exit. The only way out is blocked by an invisible shield. Weve tried everything to break through and failed.
I have to try, said Rina.
Are you a scientist? asked Vinny.
Yes, answered Rina. Now if youll help me, I need to see that door.
Every muscle was aching as Vinny helped Rina ease off the stone bed. She nearly fell from dizziness but he caught her.
Careful, he said. They healed your wound but your body is still weak. You need to rest.
No time, she said, forcing her unsteady legs to straighten, or Lisa wins.
Now thats an awful thought, said Vinny.
Lisa rolled her eyes.
Vinny helped her to the exit where she stood in front of the shield. She glided her fingers over the clear wall and though it twinkled to her touch, it was solid and strong.
It must be a REM shield, she said softly. She turned to the crowd. How did all of you get down here?
We were transported like in Star Trek, said Lisa, standing behind them. I was walking home from school in broad daylight when the next thing I knew I was here, looking at the scariest monsters Id ever seen.
I was driving on the Long Island Expressway in New York at three a.m. when the Zorcons took me, said Vinny. Every one of us was transported here to be food for the Zorcons. One of them told me they even have some of us in safe keeping for when they leave.
Yep, said Lisa, stashed away in a fridge like meat in a butcher shop.
Vinny shook his head in disgust. Two months ago there were twelve hundred of us and now were all thats left. I heard two of them saying they were leaving the planet soon.
Yes, they are, said Rina. She flattened her cheek against the shield trying to peek into the sidewalls of the exit.
Suddenly, the transparent face of a Zorcon appeared in front of her. Rina gasped and stepped back, startled at the hideous animal who slowly stood upright. Two Zorcons with Barras were standing behind him.
I am Master Taru, Captain of the Guard.
And the ugliest thing this side of the universe, she said.
Vinny put his hand on her shoulder as if to say, Dont. She moved closer to the shield. Tarus wide grin revealed white serrated teeth glistening against the blood-red background of his mouth. His glowing red eyes were scrunched in an evil glare.
You will make a fine meal, he chuckled.
Let down this shield and well see who gets who, coward.
You were the one with the plump male, said Taru, still smiling. He was delicious. I especially enjoyed his eyes.
An irrepressible hatred instantly engulfed Rina. With clenched fists, she lifted her face and roared with all her might. An onslaught of heated air scorched her throat as her lungs threatened to collapse. Desperate to contain the agony Shiro must have felt, her eyes flooded with bitter tears while her heart cried out in agony. No one could bring Shiro back. Hed died the most horrible death anyone could suffer. It was over. This monster had killed him...but now it was his turn to die. Left with a ravaged heart and trembling with depleted lungs, she caught her breath and pounded her fists on the shield so hard a booming sound shook the walls of the cavern. Taru stumbled away frightened, falling backwards into the two guards, who pushed him back onto his feet.
Youd better hope I never get out of here, she shouted, her voice raspy from inflamed vocal cords. Im going to rip you to shreds.
Taru vaulted back to the shield and snarled, moving in on Rinas face. She leaned closer to him, unafraid, carefully studying his bones, watching them move in their joints, picking which ones to break first. Nose-to-nose with him through the shield and repulsed by his putrid breath, she refused to cower. He snapped his teeth several times, growling and hissing but she held her ground, glaring into his hideous eyes.
Take this one to dining room three, he said.
No! bellowed a voice from down the tunnel.
Taru immediately bowed to a blue lizard guy.
Yes, Lord Vurro, answered Taru.
Vurro walked towards them, his massive chest and arms billowing with ripples of muscle. His long snout, similar to a lizard, exposed shark-like teeth. Protruding from beneath his snug, tan-colored pants, his ten-toed feet pounded the earthen floor, expanding and contracting like water-filled balloons, pulverizing the dirt beneath, creating small clouds of dust with each step. Two wide bands of brown leather crisscrossed a broad, grainy blue-skinned chest filled with swollen white pustules that looked ready to pop. As he stood in front of Taru, he glanced at Rina and she got nauseous. This creature enjoyed intimidation and the power he radiated.
The female is to be taken to Vorkis, said Vurro. His Highness is waiting.
Yes, my lord, we will obey, said Taru, bowing again.
Taru waved his hand over the wall beside the shield and it disappeared. Rina dashed out and slammed Taru into the rock wall. She dug her nails into his face and tore whatever she could. He pushed her away and she went reeling back into him. Her knee rammed his groin and he crumbled to the floor clutching himself, gasping for air. She pounced on him, punching hard, determined to avenge Shiros death. His white blood was sprinkling everywhere. Taru was screaming for her to be removed. Something bashed the back of her head and everything went black.


CHAPTER 21
Kalin

Kalin inched his way through the dark tunnels of the complex. On the ceiling, the Vitra Crystals were scarce and few. Just like the kings of old whod created moats around their castles, Vorkis formed a moat of darkness around his Command Center, the best form of protection.
The penetrating odors of mold and earth weighed on his lungs. Outlines of cragged boulders were vaguely visible in the thick darkness. The tinkling sounds of dripping water surrounded him, which explained the mud he was walking through. Suddenly a loud snap came from behind. He swung his Barra around, ready for a fight. The tunnel was dark. Nothing was visible.
Easy, Kalin, your mind is playing tricks on you.
But something didnt feel right. He slowly backed away, keeping his finger on the trigger of the Barra, his keen eyes probing the passageway. Nothing. Okay, I am losing it. He made a u-turn and was about to continue on but stopped.
Its quieter.
The sounds of the drips were only in front of him, none from behind. He carefully turned around, keeping a tight grip on his Barra. The tunnel was pitch black, darker than what lay before him, and a rank odor of decay was now present. From the corner of his left eye, he saw it. A slight movement. He kept his stare straight, not moving his head, keeping his peripheral vision fixed on the long and thin object. It twitched. Several more came into focus.
Ten feet in front of him, six red eyes appeared, resembling fiery meteors. Below them were large chelicerae, two moving plates with attached white fangs covering the beasts mouth. Something hard hit Kalins chest and he went flying, landing face first in the mud. His Barra flew the opposite way. A giant claw latched onto his legs and lifted him in the air upside down.
Kalin screamed to the knifing pain, bending upwards as he tried to loosen the pincer. The insect raised him near the ceiling as if trying to examine its latest meal. Kalin let himself hang, his arms swinging above his head; he had to conserve his energy and wait for the right time to bash the thing. Jagged black bristles dotted the creatures ebony body. Four pairs of thorny appendages led into an elongated shell attached to a flattened thorax. Numerous spikes and barbs embedded the wide pedipalps, long arms ending with two colossal claws. The yellow ringlets on the hind legs told him it was the same monster from the tropical cavern.
The Vinegaroon.
The beast lurched Kalin to its mouth, dangling him in front. Strings of crimson saliva stretched between the sharp fangs.
Its trying to torture me, thought Kalin.
Inside the cavernous maw, crinkled veins of mustard-colored entrails stretched across.
Remnants of the spiders.
A strong acrid odor began burning his eyes. He turned just in time to see the other claw coming at him.
Eat this, he said.
He punched the claw with all his might and it zoomed into one of the arachnids eyes. The Vinegaroon screeched, dropping him on his side in the mud. He started to stand when pain darted up both legs, almost sending him to the floor. The creature had backed away, writhing against the wall, squealing to its recent wound.
Thats all I need. A pissed off man-eating bug.
Kalins calf muscles felt like theyd been torn off his bones. Thankfully, no skin was broken. An eerie stillness had settled the air. He stiffened when he realized the monster was silently watching him. Its other five eyes were working just fine. In one swift motion, it scrunched to the floor and pushed up, leaping in the air towards him. Kalin dove away, rolling on the dirt to his feet. The beast shrilled and Kalin bolted down the tunnel. He glanced back. The Vinegaroon was in a full charge and getting closer. Without his Barra, he was helpless.
He swerved left into another tunnel, hoping it was smaller but instead it was bigger. There was a yellow light at the end and it was getting hotter, the air was thicker, heavier. The light changed into an orange glow and he dashed towards it. Without warning, the ground beneath him ended. He skidded to a stop, teetering at the edge of a cliff, wavering about, trying not to fall into a fast-moving river of boiling lava.
He caught his balance and stepped back. His pounding heart reminded him how much he hated surprises. The river was at least two hundred feet across and the tunnel continued on the other side. There was no way he could jump it unless he got a running start. The cavern was at least three hundred feet high. Clicking sounds came from behind. The Vinegaroon. 
The creature blocked the exit. He needed something for defense. Indigo-colored stones lay scattered across the earthen floor. Theyll have to do. The damaged eye of the monster had turned white. Kalin picked up a rock the size of a melon and bounced it in his hand, letting the beast know he wasnt going down without a fight. He moved to his right; a clear shot into a good eye was imperative. The insect stomped its feet and squealed with every step he took. Kalin flung the stone.
The creature lifted its claw to block the attack but the rock bore through its shell. It shrilled in pain, bashing its other claw on the ground several times. Kalin covered his ears to the piercing sound that jarred his organs. The beast opened its mouth and shot out a wad of black spit. Kalin leapt away sideways, banging his head on the wall and almost losing consciousness. The saliva hit the dirt ten feet from him, hissing and smoking, melting a two-foot hole into the brown soil.
Acid.
His eyes instantly burned as if on fire, watering to the pungent gas that blurred his vision. Kalin dragged himself up to a sitting position. The bump on the side of his head was growing.
Through streaming tears, he could see the insect watching him. To rub his eyes would give away his weakness, so he kept still. There was nowhere to go. The acid saliva was blinding him. His eyes had swollen into slits.
I wont die this way.
Slyly, he began moving both hands through the dirt, searching. The point of a huge rock lay beside his right hand. He wrapped his fingers around it and pulled, nothing happened. It was part of a slab beneath him. He dug his fingers into the soil around the jagged stone, slicing his skin open. He thought of how highly Saleran-humans considered their perfection, never growing old, living their lives on Salera to the fullest, always believing their immortality would save them from anything. They were wrong. The tiniest of all creatures stole their lives. But was he any better? Before his people died, he took life for granted, accepting the toughest missions from the Federation no matter how dangerous they were, playing with death and never thinking twice of those who loved him.
Women were a pleasurable hobby, nothing more. He deliberately chose words that would lure them, hoping they would believe his lies and figuring they would get over him, but did they? Can a person really forget love, any kind of love? Could he ever forget his family and the love he had for little Disa? Never. The pain in his heart would always be there. A harsh emptiness overcame him as he thought of the many women whod fallen in love with him and whom hed blatantly tossed aside.
Then there was Rina. Her words sounded in his head: ...Kill off your race...finish what Vorkis started...theres more at stake here than you. Her words ground inside his chest, ripped at his very soul. If it werent for Vurro, he probably would have choked her. But the twirp had something he didnt have. She was ready to kill every Zorcon in sight but stopped herself, thinking about how her actions would affect others. How did she do that? Could he do it? His familys horrifying demise, especially Disas, was too difficult to overcome. His only hope was the regeneration of his race and this was always a soothing thought. However, after months of picturing ways of how to kill Vorkis it would be hard to drop his hate and rage. A sharp sting in his finger made him flinch.
Peeping through his slivered eyes, he realized his fingers was bleeding bad. It hurt, but not compared to what he had to do. He gritted his teeth and gripped the pinnacle of the stone, squeezing hard. His warm blood streamed down the stone. A loud crack echoed as the rock snapped free. He scurried to his feet, leaning on the wall for support. Every muscle hurt. His lungs burned. The view through his puffed eyes was getting smaller; soon they would swell completely shut. The monster was creeping towards him with its claws low and outstretched, ready to snatch him. He bounced the stone in his hand. The beast halted its advance.
From across the river of lava he heard the hum of an Avec. The black vehicle drove in from the opposite tunnel and stopped at the other cliff. The dome evaporated and six Zorcons stood with their Barras pointed at the insect. They werent aware of his presence or else he would have been the target. Instead, they blasted the Vinegaroon, who screeched and leapt wildly about.
This is my chance.
Kalins bloody fingers felt their way along the rock face. He had to reach the back of the cavern to get good distance.
If I dont make it, at least Ill go my way.
He counted his footsteps. It wasnt too long ago when he temporarily lost his sight, a result of seeing his family die. The three weeks were agonizing and if it werent for Marante, he wouldve killed himself.
He remembered Marantes words: If you take your life, you will have accomplished Vorkis desire.
Vorkis. The name alone made his gut ache. He could feel his hand squeezing Vorkis neck. The sensation was so real. His suddenly realized his vision was improving with distance from the acid and the tears were slowing. The creature was on the far side of the cavern, hissing and shrieking at the Zorcons who kept a volley of steady laser fire on the insect. He finally reached the needed distance of about sixty feet. He took a deep breath and bolted for the river.
If the Vinegaroon spotted him, it was over. One leap from the monster and he would be dead. He could see spits of lava shooting up from the river which made the jump more lethal.
Get hit by one of those and Im done. A chance I have to take.
He had to time himself so his leap would be at the very edge of the cliff, giving himself more lift.
One  two  three! he shouted and pushed off the cliffs edge with all the strength in his legs. 
Aah! he cried out as his body lifted into the air.
His arms and legs flailed as the momentum carried him over the boiling lava. He hit the dirt and rolled to the far wall. The shooting had ceased. The Zorcons were staring at him.
Surprised, huh? he said aloud, happy hed survived the jump. His swollen eyes were almost normal. You got worse problems than me. He nudged his chin towards the beast.
The Vinegaroon was already in the air over the river. It pounced on the Avec sending it crashing to the ground. The screaming Zorcons were helpless against the giant insect, which was grabbing and throwing them one-by-one against the wall. Morbid sounds of shattering bones filled the cavern. The Zorcon bodies lay crumpled on the floor. The creature scurried to them and began their disembowelment.
Kalin quietly crawled to the Avec. Its engine was still humming. The weight of the monster had not disabled it. He quietly climbed into the vehicle and sat in the gray cushioned seat. He looked around waiting for the metal dome to reappear but according to the open holo in front of him, it had been damaged from the recent assault. He pressed a yellow button and the vessel silently rose in the air. Avecs were amazing machines, able to climb walls and hover on ceilings while keeping its passengers stable and secure. Protruding from the white dashboard was the steel vertical maneuvering stick. Above this, lay three recessed orbs. To his right was the accelerator, a silver T-shaped lever. With a Zorcon Avec hooked into the Command Center, he could find Vorkis. He just had to get away alive.
To fly over the river would alert the beast, and to make an about-face would do the same. The only choice was to slowly back his way down the tunnel and hope the insect didnt notice.
Here goes nothing, he said to himself, and carefully inched the accelerator stick towards him. Nice and easy.
The vehicle began its reverse out of the cavern. Not banging the walls would be a challenge. He kept checking the creature, but it was busy with its recent kill. This tunnel wasnt dark and there was a glowing red light at the far end. Whatever the light was, it was the reason the Zorcons had come to destroy the monster. Vorkis was near. He could feel it. Finally, he lost sight of the beast. He waved his hand over an orb and a holo of the insect appeared. It was still eating and he was fifty yards from it.
Good. Now to find a place to turn around.
The tunnel was narrow but the ceiling was a good forty feet high. A shriek echoed. The Vinegaroon was running towards him at full speed.
Crap! he said and pulled back the shifter into full reverse.
The vehicle lurched with a bounce then sped backwards down the tunnel, zigzagging and hitting the rock walls, sending sparks into the air. Driving in reverse was not his forte; he could never keep the vehicle straight. The creature was closing in. A claw clipped the nose of the Avec. It skidded on the ground and continued its backtrack.
Kalin jerked the control stick sideways and the Avec flipped upside down, racing down the passageway. The monster screeched, skidding to a halt. It was what Kalin needed. He drove the vehicle up towards the ceiling and flipped it right side up as he came down. Finally, he was driving front forward. In the holo, all he saw was the legs of the beast. It was in the air and ready to pounce. He rammed the accelerator all the way up.
The insect landed ten feet from the Avec. A glob of acid spit splashed the wall next to him and he swerved away, hearing it hiss its way into the stone. He weaved through the tunnel, scraping the walls, attempting to avoid the caustic missiles whose spray was boring holes into the Avecs metal. He was losing altitude. There wasnt much time. The red light at the end of the tunnel was ahead. He waved his hand through the holo and smiled. It was a multi-level Zorcon feeding lounge with forty Zorcons inside.
Perfect.
The Avec bashed through the doors, throwing tables and Zorcons into the air. Its engines whined to a stop but the vehicle continued sliding on the floor until it crashed into the far wall.
Kalin hustled to stand on the seat. Dread overcame him at the sight of the Lurivin, a fifty-foot-diameter glowing sphere hovering inches above the shiny metal floor. The giant ball pulsated with a deep eerie hum. Inside was the latest in food preservation, Teridin, a clear gel was now bright red due to the hundreds of Earth-human body parts floating within. Legs, arms, and faces frozen with fear made him sick. Someone coughed.
At least thirty Zorcons were standing in front of the Lurivin, eating off tables and staring at him. Shocked at his presence, their mouths were covered with fresh blood and their cheeks were engorged with raw human meat. The familiar clicking sounds came from the shattered entrance. The Vinegaroons red eyes were glued on the Zorcons. Kalin grinned.
Lunch time! he yelled.
The creature leapt into the air. The Zorcons scattered. The monsters landing shook the room, forcing the Zorcons to stumble and fall. The insect quickly gathered them together with its legs then used its massive claws to grab several at a time by their necks, throwing them against the wall to their deaths.
Kalin leisurely hopped out of the Avec and walked up the stairs to the exit. The Vinegaroon screeched at him and he turned, saluting it. His attacker had become his hero. Next to the exit were shelves lined with Barras. He watched the Vinegaroon tear into a screaming Zorcon. The monster seemed to enjoy the sound; maybe thats why it hadnt killed him sooner. Kalin took a Barra off the rack.
Sorry, but I cant let you hunt me again, he said.
He blasted the Lurivin and it burst, releasing a torrent of Teridin and body parts into the room. The giant wave slammed the Vinegaroon into the far wall. Its shrieks became gurgles as the decayed matter smothered the insect and the remaining Zorcons.
Kalin nodded and slipped the Barra onto his shoulder then headed out the door. The lit hallway was white and clean, a refreshing change from the dingy tunnels. He heard the screech of the Vinegaroon again and took off running down the passageway.


CHAPTER 22
Kalin, Marante

The sound of the Vinegaroon faded as Kalin ran through the hallways of the complex. The creature was set on getting him but he wasnt sure if its body could fit into the twenty-foot high ceiling. He came upon a passageway where the floor was gray Hitan, a metal harder than diamond. Hundreds of NBs embedded the rock walls and ceiling. The droll humming of electronics was a sure sign he was nearing the Command Center. Looking back down the tunnel, he hoped the insect found someone else to hunt.
Up ahead was a crossway and he stopped, peeking around the corner. Four Zorcons were standing at attention before two oversized sliding doors. The Command Center. The hallways were empty. Why didnt Vorkis have troops protecting his main hub? The anxiety of the kill was getting stronger by the moment. The bitter taste of death rolled across his tongue.
He heard footsteps approaching the guards. Tarus face had several deep scratches and there was a black patch over his left eye. He was about to enter the Command Center when Vurro called to Taru from down the hallway. The big pimple was strutting as if he owned the world. Kalin listened in on their conversation.
How soon? asked Vurro.
It is completed, my lord, answered Taru.
Good, said Vurro. I hope this new toy will satisfy Vorkis. The Rajans actually believed they could use it on me. He chuckled. Fools. I took great pleasure in destroying their capital city.
It is magnificent, my lord.
A voice came over the Comlink attached to Vurros brown belt. Lord Vurro, the infiltrator is in Sector Four. What are your orders?
Do nothing, commanded Vurro. I am on my way. Taru, inform Lord Vorkis I will capture a specimen for him.
Yes, my lord,. Taru bowed then entered the Command Center.
Vurro began walking towards Kalin who quickly crouched down. He had to find a place to hide. Frantic, he tiptoed away at a fast pace and entered the first door that opened. A small, fully stocked munitions room. Up against the walls, every type of handheld weapon filled the open racks, from Barras to Cratons, small silver balls able to blow up almost anything. Just then, the door began to slide open. Someone was coming in.
Kalin rushed to the darkened corner at the far left and squeezed himself between two racks. Through the shelves and above the tops of small canisters, he could see it was Vurro. Kalin wanted so much to tear off his head. Vurro stood at the entrance, eyeing the shelves, when he raised his snout, sniffing the air, his lips quivering over serrated teeth. The Setrellan-humans keen sense of smell had detected him. Vurro leaned forward and looked to his right. Kalin held his breath trying to flatten himself more against the wall. He could feel sweat streaming down his face. If he was discovered now, it was over. Vorkis would surely make a run for it and it would be months before Kalin could locate Vorkis or him again.
Vurro shifted his head from side-to-side, sniffing the air, trying to pinpoint the smell. He looked Kalins way and growled. Kalin positioned his finger on the trigger of his Barra, ready to shoot, when he noticed across from him, sitting on a shelf was his Barra from the Quasar, the one hed lost with the Vinegaroon. Vurro spit a green wad of phlegm at the weapon and it stuck. The stench was so nauseating Kalin wanted to vomit. He recalled the many fights with Setrellan-humans because of their spit and the many times he had to throw out his clothes because of the irremovable odor. Vurro chuckled then stepped up to the front rack, slid two strapped Barras on each of his shoulders and left the room.
Kalins muscles relaxed and he sighed in relief. The smell was worse than a rotting body and he needed to get out of there. For starters, the Grid Room was where the power was apportioned for the complex and where he could do the most damage. It had to be near the Command Center. He slid out of the cramped space and hurried to the doors that slid open. The gust of clean air was refreshing.
He crept back to the crossway and peeked around again; the guards were still there. He quietly snapped a tiny piece of stone off the rock wall and flicked it down the hallway. It flew a hundred feet passed the soldiers before skidding on the floor. The Zorcons immediately swung their Barras toward the sound. Kalin dashed across the hallway unnoticed.
He leaned on the wall to catch his breath. Rinas words echoed again in his mind: ...Theres more at stake here than you. An uneasy feeling began creeping in. What about his people? They were already dead, and even if he found someone to bear his children, they would be only half Saleran at most.
Thatll work for now, he thought. This was not the time for soul-searching.
Thanks to his Saleran blood, the cuts on his hands were almost healed. He wondered how Rina was doing. Vorkis sadistic mating habits had butchered many women. He should try to save her first but he was too close to the kill, his main mission was almost complete. Rina was smart, brave, and he doubted any man could ever get his way with her. He would search for her afterward.
He set his Barra to vaporize. His Comlink blinked. Earth had less than two hours. The ground beneath him trembled. A cloud of dust flittered down from the ceiling. His gaze went up and around the tunnel. The implosion was imminent unless Marante could shut down the Xeons.
The humming sound was louder farther down the passageway so he quietly headed toward it. Not too far from him, he noticed a dirt corridor leading away from the metal floor. He squatted and took a quick peek. The tunnel was long and barely lit. At the very end, two Zorcons with their glowing red eyes were standing in front of a door surrounded by blue light.
Found it.
Kalin lay on his stomach and body-crawled on the dirt. The darkness was a good cover.
Vorkis may have numbers in Zorcons, but none with brains.
He picked up a tiny stone and tossed it their way. They turned in his direction, aiming their Barras. Two shots evaporated the Zorcons into yellow dust. Kalin hustled to his feet and flipped the Barra onto his shoulder.
Inside the Grid Room, hundreds of data panels lit up the twenty-by-twenty-foot room. Three different-sized podiums with several orbs were ready for use. At the largest podium, he tapped a blue orb and watched a holo rise up. He waved his hand through the holo, making his adjustments. Kalin left the room with a wide grin, content Vorkis world would soon be destroyed.

***

Along a three-hundred-foot high wall, four Xeon Diffusers stood beside each other in a row. Marante was crouched in a corner sixty feet from the first Xeon. The clamor of metal gears was gut-piercing; he could barely think straight.
According to the holo emanating from his scanner, five Zorcons were atop each seventy-foot-tall apparatus, busily monitoring their sections of the core from a glass-enclosed Command Bridge. Marante gulped as he stared at the monstrous machine.
The bridge was sitting on top of broad barreling shoulders, rounding into weighty arms that ended with giant metal claws. Thick plates of black steel formed their distended chests then narrowed into thin waists able to spin in any direction. Below this, wide metal girders, simulating hips, were attached to two enormous pistons enabling the Xeons to raise or lower. Earth digging, rolling tracks inched the Xeons forward.
Marantes scanner confirmed the primitive machines were stolen from Ritan III, a young civilization two thousand years behind in technology, and one the Federation ignored. Similar to Earth, the Ritan-humans were oblivious to the Federations existence. Their space program limited them to their own star system of twelve planets, using the ancient technology of cryogenics to travel. He couldnt help but wonder, would Vorkis plan have been revealed sooner if the Federation had accepted them into their organization? It was something to consider when time was less demanding. Marante studied the Xeon nearest him on the scanner. To collect the Pril, Vorkis had made his own modifications.
Jutting out from the machines chest were twelve robotic catheters equipped with high-powered lasers and scanners whose wide, cone-like beams were scurrying along the wall. The golden lights changed to red, and blue laser beams blasted holes in the hard stone. It had found Pril. From the same breastplate, six silver flexible hoses sprouted, wiggling like worms into the blown out pockets, vacuuming the Pril into a small white sack at the base of the tubes. The bucket claws were in constant motion, removing fallen stones and dirt from the work area, allowing a clear pathway. Despite crusted layers of dried soil, huge dents, and corroding rust, the Xeons, though mechanically crude, were accomplishing the task with little difficulty.
A thin sheen of sweat covered Marantes head and face. The Xeons resembled gigantic beasts with bulky claws and tentacles. Two years ago, Kalin had insisted he watch an Earth-human movie called Aliens. He had seen hundreds of different life forms from all over the galaxies, but never before had any creature been depicted with such horror and suspense. It had given him nightmares for weeks. Of course, Kalin laughed at him each time he jumped frightened in his seat. Marante, in his anger, had sworn revenge. Ever since, certain places and things revived the memory of the Alien. He hoped he wouldnt have those nightmares again.
Marante rechecked his scanner. Vorkis would need six full sacks to equal one ounce of Pril but with two ounces of the ore already in his possession, it would not be long before the third was gathered. The excavation was tedious and time-consuming; no wonder he desired Rinas necklace. Although he had the pendant, his greed would compel him to mine all he could before leaving the planet.
The Xeon closest to him had three Zorcons on the ground keeping guard. They wore Athers, special earplugs that muted all sounds except for voices. He wished he had a pair. At the bottom rear of the unit, he would attach his scanner to the green Hesion Box, break the code, and program the Xeon to self-destruct, thus avoiding any outward tampering with the unit itself. The force of the blast should ignite the other machines, thus ending the dredging.
Suddenly, the cold barrel of a Barra pressed against the side of his head. The wicked laugh told him it was Vurro.


CHAPTER 23
Rina

A hard slap on the face and Rina awoke to a dark-haired man with slate-blue eyes. A thick goatee surrounded his thin lips and aside from the furry eyebrows, he was somewhat attractive.
Who are you? she asked softly.
Vorkis, he said, stiffening up. Whats your name?
Rina. She was lying flat on her back, unable to move her arms and legs or even turn her head. Why are you destroying my world? Her head hurt so bad she wondered if she was slurring her speech.
What is your species called? he asked.
Answer my question first, she said. Does his breath stink because he eats humans like Zorcons?
I am not a patient man, he said. Tell me or someone you know will die.
You killed my best friend, she said.
Earth-humans attach themselves to unimportant things. You are not one of them.
At least I didnt slaughter my friends and family. Youre a worthless piece of crap who doesnt deserve to live.
His top lip twitched several times. Be careful, Rina, Ive
A Zorcon tapped his shoulder. My lord, please excuse the interruption, but I have the information you requested. He handed him a scanner.
According to the Earth-human records, Vorkis said, reading, your father is alive. He faced the Zorcon. Locate him.
As you wish, Your Highness, answered the Zorcon, who bowed and walked out of her vision.
Vorkis tossed the scanner aside and spread his arms apart, resting his hands on the table. His gaze went up and down her body, giving her the creeps.
Im curious about you, he said. I can read anyones mind, but Im having difficulty with yours. Ill ask you again, what species are you? And where did you get the Pril?
Im Earth-human, she said. My mother found the rock after a volcano erupted.
His stare told her he wasnt buying it.
Very well, he said.
To her astonishment, he pulled her up to a sitting position as if nothing held her down. The table she was on was completely lit and possibly made of glass. The faint sounds of jabber came from a distance. Against the walls of the cavernous room, she counted twenty terminals with Zorcons monitoring holograms. Vorkis sniffed her hair and she jerked away, grossed by his touch.
Im amazed at your resemblance to a Saleran female, he said. You even smell like them.
Youre sick, she replied. Why do you hate so much? Are you a coward? Shed probably get it for that one.
He grabbed the hair atop her head and yanked her head back. She gasped and grabbed his hand, trying to loosen his painful grip.
To kill gives one power, he said, glaring down at her. Spittle sprinkled her face. After exterminating the fools on Salera, I have become the most powerful being in the galaxy and no one can take that from me. Not even Kalin.
He pushed her head away hard, letting go of her hair, and she almost fell on her side. She rubbed her head, glad to feel the clump of hair was still there.
Come, he said. Ill show you what real power is.
He slid her legs off the table and lifted her to her feet. Her gaze went up his towering physique; he was Kalins height and just as broad. She wondered if Kalin could really beat him. He nodded to his left.
Twenty feet away, Marante stood on a raised, round platform, where a white transparent beam of light encapsulated him. A gash opened the side of his head and blue, fluorescent blood was streaming out. His clothes were shredded. 
They dragged him.
Tell me who you are and you will save him, said Vorkis.
There was a cough and Rina noticed Taru at a podium not far from them.
You animal! she screamed and vaulted for him.
No! cried out Taru, cowering away.
Vorkis pulled her back.
I will say this much, he said, laughing as he tried to restrain her. Ive never heard of a woman overpowering a Zorcon. I am impressed.
Marante groaned. He was pale and weak. She had to do something.
Stall for time, my lady, said Marante in her mind.
She turned around and faced Vorkis. Why dont you let me at him again? I can give you a real good show.
You intrigue me, Rina, he replied, and I love the offer but alas, he is my Captain of the Guard and I need him.
His gaze focused on her eyes, sending a cold shiver through her bones. Kalin was right; Vorkis was pure evil. He swung her around to face Marante. This time his hands clamped her upper arms tight, holding her in place.
Marante is in a Telvor Beam, he said. Its a gift from a friend. Youve met him already, General Vurro. This magnificent creation dissolves brain cells, a very slow and excruciating process. There are five levels. With each level, suffering increases. At level five the brain liquefies. 
Her heart thumped harder with each second. She couldnt panic. She had to buy more time. Youre demented.
Thank you. She could hear his smile. Now its my turn to play.
The beam surrounding Marante began fluttering, and his face scrunched in pain as streams of light attacked his cranium.
Stop it! said Rina.
Tell me who you are, said Vorkis.
How can I tell you something I dont know? she said anxiously.
Level two! shouted Vorkis.
The pulses quickened and Marante clenched his teeth. Desperate to make them stop, Rina squirmed to free herself, but Vorkis squeezed her arms so tight she was sure her bones would snap. Her knees gave way from the pain, but he held her up.
The longer you take, the more damage you inflict, said Vorkis. Now, tell me who you are.
I dont know! she cried.
Level four! yelled Vorkis.
No! shouted Rina.
The streams of light changed into pulsing white halos. Marantes face was drawn and pinched tight, contorting with every wave, his thin body twitching with each contraction.
All right! she said. Release him and Ill tell you!
Excellent, said Vorkis.
He signaled Taru and the beam shut off. Marante slumped forward and fell off the lowering platform, hitting the floor with a thud.
Lets see how well you handle the Telvor, said Vorkis. He gripped a wad of hair on the top of her head and dragged her body to the platform, her legs sliding on the floor. She dug her nails in his hand while she pushed with her legs trying to ease the pain. He clutched her arm and flung her body onto the platform. Instantly, the white beam encased her, straightening her out and stiffening her muscles. She was unable to move. It felt like a vice. Breathing was difficult. The platform raised her to a foot above Vorkis.
Now, said Vorkis, crossing his arms over his chest. Tell me, who are you?
Rina eyed Marante lying on the floor. At least hes out of the Telvor. Vorkis was attempting to read her mind again. Somehow when she was told she wasnt an Earth-human, her mind began doing amazing things, and she hoped it would continue.
My mother and I are from a planet called Verlea, she said. We came to Earth when I was a baby.
Verlea? he mused. What sector?
Sector? asked Rina. I have no idea. All I know is Verlea was destroyed by a comet. My mother and I were the only survivors but she died three years ago.
Rina hoped the story was believable because she still had a hard time believing it herself.
And the stone? he asked.
Six months before my mother died, she was on assignment to study an active volcano. She found the rock at the base of the mountain and brought it home. She put it in the pendant and gave it to me. Thats everything. Now let us go!
Vorkis nodded then suddenly stepped onto the platform, startling her, and moved himself into the beam.
The Telvor is programmed for your bio-readings, he said. Only you are affected.
His hands slipped around her waist and he lifted her to his eye level. She still couldnt move. He pulled her close, nose-to-nose, sniffing her skin and hair.
I must say I didnt realize how much I missed the scent of a Saleran woman, he said.
Dont you dare, said Rina. Ill
He kissed her hard. Warm blood filled the inside of her bottom lip as his teeth dug into her skin. He pulled away slowly, leaving a string of bloodied saliva between their lips. Angered and repulsed, she spit it at him.
Vorkis signaled Taru and the platform lowered. After wiping the red spit from his cheek, he backhanded her face. The brunt force sent her sliding across the floor and into the rock wall. For a moment, she was incoherent, her mind wavering in and out of consciousness. She moaned and rolled onto her right side, facing the lab. Tarus frightened voice jostled her awake.
My lord! The Oridians are rampant throughout the complex!
Angry roars and laser fire sounded outside the lab.
How could that be? Vorkis demanded, glancing down at his Neth Blocker. The red light was off. What the He tapped the unit.
Your NBs are dead, said someone out of sight.
Vorkis quickly spun around. Rina smiled. Kalin was just inside the entrance, his Barra pointed at Vorkis. Seven Oridians entered the room from behind him. Gathering her senses, Rina checked the NB on her shirt; it was on.
They cant see me, said Kalin, but they can see you.
A large female stood on her haunches and whooped. The Oridians began hobbling towards Vorkis, their bodies moist with hunger. Vorkis swiftly pulled Marante off the floor and pinned him in a headlock, clutching his forehead with his other hand. The creatures halted their movement, looking at each other as if confused.
Vorkis just went invisible because of Marantes NB, thought Rina.
Taru and the other Zorcons were trembling in a corner when the animals growled and began racing towards them. The Zorcons ran out of the lab screaming with the Oridians in pursuit.
I can snap his neck, said Vorkis. Back off, Kalin. Im leaving.
Rina jumped to her feet and charged, barreling her body into Vorkis. He tumbled to the floor with Marante. Kalin fired and hit Vorkis in the chest. His body bashed into the rock wall where it bounced off and hit the floor with a thud. He wasnt moving.
Did you kill him? asked Rina, staring and wondering if it was over.
No, said Kalin, pulling Marante away. Not yet.
He knelt on one knee and gently tapped his friends cheek.
It is about time, said Marante.
You need to stop the dredging, Kalin told his friend. The planet has one hour left. Take, Rina, shell help you. Ive got Vorkis.
I will not allow your death, said Marante as Kalin helped him to his feet.
Please, Marante, said Rina, tears forming in her eyes. I need you to save Earth.
Let us go, my lady, he said. He turned to Kalin. Do not die.
Down the hall and to the left, said Kalin. Now go!
Marante and Rina rushed out of the lab.

In a dark corner of the cavern, Kalin saw the moving shadow of something large.


CHAPTER 24
Bauman, Justin

How much time? asked Bauman.
Fifty-four minutes, twelve seconds, Sir, answered Rick. 
Right on schedule, thought Bauman, who hung up the phone.
They were flying at thirty-eight thousand feet. He gazed around his private stateroom. The DD-10 jet was the most luxurious on the market, however, in order to make his kind of flying machine, its guts had to be literally torn out and thrown away. Hans Steinman had made everything exactly to his specifications. Every window and inner wall was bulletproof, inside and out; even the controls in the cockpit were designed to withstand close-range bullets. The jet incorporated satellite observation and control, stealth capabilities and a Global Positioning System that could pinpoint a fire ant from space. What more, it was entirely self-reliant, not requiring ground control nor a runway. It was a top-of-the-line aircraft and there was none like it anywhere in the world. It was a perfect base away from home, the Blythen Temple.
Bauman ran his fingers along the edge of the high-gloss, cherry-colored desk, feeling the slight imperfections in the thick coating of polyurethane. The knotty-pine wood was inlaid with numerous wood knots of assorted shapes and sizes, and only he knew which one activated his hidden Command Center. He sat up straight and tapped the knot directly beside the red phone, his connection to the soon-to-be ex-president. In front of him on the desk, a rectangular door slid open and a small black control panel rose up, displaying three rows of nameless, colored buttons and four vertical slide controls. Hans Steinman was the only other person who knew how to work the controls and hed been eliminated.
He pressed the blue button in the middle of the top row and the mirrored wall in front of the desk slid open. Six LED displays with quadruple screens revealed the inside of the jet. He could see beyond the lounge with its ten white swivel seats resting in front of oversized portholes, and into the OPC (Operations Center), where eight of his homemade sons were manning the four terminals on each side of the walkway. The cockpit lay beyond this and the two pilots were busily maintaining the flight. With all the satellites at his command, he could track and obstruct any attempts against his New Continuum.
A red star flashed in the upper right hand corner over Joes image. 
Theres one more thing I need to take care of.
Word had spread there was a spy within the New Continuum. For an infiltrator to be effective they had to be close; upper level, someone who could be in a position to stop them, and only one person questioned his efforts. Joe. He was chosen by Hans and oddly, didnt respond well to the brainwashing technique. Rick had traced two of Joes hidden emails to an unknown accomplice named Big Bear, and both mentioned hed soon clip the eagle. When they deciphered the message, it was concluded the eagle was Bauman. His eyes focused on Joe.
Its time.
He stood up and straightened his maroon jacket and then walked out of the room. The thick gray carpet in the lounge was comforting to his feet but stopped at the OPC, where black rubber padded the floor. He took his place behind Joe.
Did Justins boat detonate?
Yes, Joe answered. Its gone. I still think killing the doctor was not necessary, Sir. Brainwashing would have been more useful to us.
He knows!
Bauman immediately gripped Joes head with both hands and spun his neck until it snapped. The soldiers limp body slid off the chair and to the floor. Bauman felt the stares.
He was a traitor, he said. None seemed surprised. Put him in plastic and throw him below.
Two crewmen vaulted out of their seats. 
Aye, Sir, they said, their hands raised in salute. 
As they dragged Joe away, Bauman stood behind Rick. The young man began sweating.
Excellent.
***

INDIALANTIC, FLORIDA

The five-story OSRI building stood in stark contrast against the gray skyline, just beyond the beach where Justin needed to land. The water had receded and although the beach had been cleaned, the town was in shambles. He could see construction equipment moving around; they started to rebuild. He sighed; grateful the small town would be beautiful again. From this distance, he could only make out a few figures dotting the white beach.
The town of Indialantic had only six policemen and that was all they needed because the crime rate was low. Hopefully, the officers would be far enough away to give him enough time to reach OSRI. He held the shifter in place as the vessel zoomed forward. A gentleman in a black bathing suit was standing on the beach, waving his arms and yelling. Justin couldnt understand his words. He waved for him to move, but the man stood there jumping and shouting, then dove out of the way as the ship rammed onto the sandy beach. Justin nearly flew over the console again.
Are you nuts? said the man, running towards him. You could have killed yourself.
At least six sunbathers were approaching. There was no time to answer. Justin jumped out of the craft and ran up the dune towards the street. He could hear the people talking about the blood on his shirt. It didnt matter; thousands would die if he couldnt contact the President. A woman screamed.
They found the bodies.
The lights in the OSRI building were out. Bauman probably sent everyone home. He dashed into OSRIs empty parking lot as the police sirens wailed. The main doors were locked. He pulled out his keys and fiddled through the collection, nearly dropping them. He didnt realize how badly he was shaking. He found the key, flung the door open, and raced to the receptionists desk. The phone was dead. He remembered his standard operations; if no one was going to be in the building for a lengthy time, all phones were shut off at the telephone company. His only chance was the computers. If he could restart the generators, he could text message Admiral Williams cell phone.
Justin bolted down the hallway and into the room marked Danger: High Voltage. He was exhausted and grateful most Florida homes and businesses didnt have basements. The two generators were sitting side by side in a room with special venting. Starting them would be easy. Slowing down the police would be much harder.
His shoulder was oozing blood. He heard the screeching of tires as the police pulled into the parking lot. He flipped several switches and pushed up the main power lever. The generators clicked several times then hummed. The lights came on. The front doors slammed open. The police had entered the building.
He ran out of the room and struggled up the stairs to the third floor. Each step brought more light-headedness. If he could reach the MCC he could isolate himself in there with the security doors. It would hold him long enough to contact the Admiral. Justin rounded another corner then and was about to pass the first lab door when he stopped abruptly. Three policemen were inside the lab armed with rifles. They were searching for him.
Half the fleet came, he thought to himself, with the other half probably on their way. And why not? A crazy man drives his boat onto the beach and ten dead bodies are discovered. The worst murder in this towns history. Great, Justin, planned real well.
The lab had two entrances. The hallway to the MCC was just beyond the second door, around the corner. He checked his wristwatch; there was less than one hour to evacuate the Peace Conference and five states. Knowing the Admirals emergency plan, the Peace Conference could be emptied in fifteen minutes but the people living on the New Madrid fault would be in dire jeopardy. A deep sadness overcame him as he thought of the thousands of lives that would be lost and there was nothing he could do to stop it. However, the Peace Conference was different and he had to focus on that. Losing the World leaders was not an option.
Going on all fours would keep him out of sight from the police and Justin hoped his shoulder was up to it. He got to his knees and nearly fell when he put pressure on his left arm.
This is no time to be a wimp, he thought. Suck it up.
The floor was carpeted, thank goodness, and he softly inched his way past the first open door without incident. He saw them checking under tables, inside closets, and even looking outside the windows to see if hed crawled out onto the ledge. Sweat was streaming down his face and he wondered if it was from sheer terror or from the excruciating pain in his shoulder. At the second door, an officer was standing in the entrance with his back to the hallway.
Oh, crap, he thought. If they catch me now, its over.
He was so close he could smell the officers cologne. Slowly he began crossing the doorway. His injured arm was trembling and he could see his sweat drops hitting the floor. He had almost reached the other side when he heard a loud cough above him. Justin froze and held his breath. The man leaned back and looked down the hallway in the opposite direction of Justin, then casually returned his attention to the lab. Justin swiftly crawled around the corner and stood up, resting against the beige wall, trying to regain his strength. His watch read twenty-five minutes.
He finally reached the MCC. The red button to lock the doors was on the lower level at the main terminal, Rinas computer. He scurried down the carpeted steps and bashed the button. The security doors slammed shut with a boom. The cops now knew where he was. It would only be a matter of time before they either blew up the entry or shut off the generators. Right now, they were pounding on the doors. Time was running out. He sat at the computer and began typing. Although the sweat was stinging his eyes, his fingers flew across the keyboard. When he stopped, hed made so many typing errors he couldnt read his own words.
Slow down, Justin, you can do this.
He deleted the message and started another one. Loud gunshots dented the metal doors and he nearly jumped out of his skin. He faced the computer.
This will have to do. He hit Enter.
Waiting is the worst.
Twenty minutes remained. He resent the message just in case the first one didnt go through. The ring Mary had given him was sitting beside the keyboard, left there by accident, and he quickly slipped it on. The voice of an officer using a bullhorn told him to give up; he was surrounded. Justin flicked on the hallway cameras. On the middle wall screen, he could see two policemen heading downstairs to the generators. He stood up in a panic. He had to stop them, but how? Just then, the computer beeped.
The words appeared, If youre Dr. Young, prove it.
Justin plopped in his seat and typed. I sent you a gift of pickles and ice cream. Payton, hurry, the cops are ready to break in so answer me quick. He sent it out.
The police were almost to the generators. A message beep sounded.
Im not with those idiots at the Peace Conference, Im in Maine. The bombs are a go.
Justin sat shocked, running the many amiable conversations through his mind, wondering how hed missed this. His friend of twenty years was working with Bauman the whole time. He typed back, Why?
Less problems and the pay is better. Sorry, Justin. Goodbye.
Suddenly the lights and power went off. The security doors slid open and four officers rushed in, ready to shoot. Justin swiveled around and raised his hands in the air, trembling to the anger inside him, knowing hed failed.


CHAPTER 25
Kalin

Kalin stood at a podium, meticulously running his fingers through the holo as he made the final adjustments to the REM. He watched the left wall form jagged stakes out of the rock face. His eyes focused on Vorkis, unconscious on the floor. Kalin was surprised he was still breathing. The kicks and punches had been exhilarating and his heart leapt at what was to come.
He dragged Vorkis by the arm and flung him against the wall, watching a bloodied stake break through his right shoulder. He had to be careful not to kill him just yet; mutilating torture was first. Kalin straightened the limp body and rammed the remaining stakes through his arms and legs, impaling Vorkis on the wall.
He stepped back and leaned against a podium across from him, gazing at the red blood soaking Vorkis gray tunic and black pants. It had been a long time since hed felt this good. Vorkis blinked his eyes open. Kalin lifted the Norin Blade from his boot.
Its me and you, he said, twirling the glowing blade in his hand. What do you think I should do to the man who killed my family and people?
I would let him go and fight him to the death, said Vorkis in a weak voice.
Kalin nodded. I could do that. Or I could slice him up and laugh while he bleeds to death.
Holding up the fully erect Blade, Kalin lunged at Vorkis face and pointed the tip of the Blade at his left eye. Vorkis groaned as the searing heat began singeing his eyelashes.
How about I cut out your heart and let you watch it stop pumping? Kalin smiled. Now thats a great idea.
He rammed the Norin Blade into the stone next to Vorkis neck. The hard rock exploded into fine black dust. Vorkis cringed in pain as the blade sizzled through his skin, cauterizing the veins in his neck. Kalin stepped back, coughed up a wad of phlegm and spit it in his face.
Vorkis roared as he squirmed to free himself. I will kill you!
Kalin smiled. More. When he yanked out the Norin Blade, he noticed Rinas pendant around Vorkis neck. He ripped it off and held it up. 
This belongs to a friend of mine, he said, before stuffing it in his pocket.
Deep growls came from behind him. Vorkis eyes opened wide. Three Oridians were standing twenty feet from them. Kalin stepped to the side, allowing the Oridians a full view of Vorkis. The creatures hobbled toward him, hissing and snarling, their mouths drooling, their bodies moist.
What do you want? Vorkis shouted nervously. I cant undo whats been done.
I want your life, said Kalin, backing to the door. Nothing else.
We can rule this galaxy together. Youre my cousin, my family. Dont do this.
You were never a part of us! yelled Kalin. You slaughtered your own people like animals. The Oridians were almost to Vorkis. Now youre going to die like one and Im going to watch.
A loud rumble came from all directions and the cavern shook. Rocks and debris tumbled from the ceiling. Two giant pillars of black stone came crashing up through the floor near the wall, throwing tables in the air. Kalin and the Oridians fell onto the roiling floor. Sparks and mini-explosions blasted through each wall terminal. Kalin latched onto a leg of the secured Bio-Table just as the flat glass burst into flying shards. He huddled on the floor and curled his body, wrapping his arms around his head.
Suddenly, it stopped. Everything was still. Ten of the twelve lab stations were ablaze. The two spires of black stone were tilted against the rock wall. Vorkis was sitting on the floor, pulling a spike from his thigh. Kalin jumped to his feet, ready to fight, when the three Oridians leapt onto Vorkis. His screams echoed throughout the complex. Another violent quake shook the ground, forcing the ceiling to crumble and fall. Kalin leapt away and rolled into the hallway just as huge stones and rocks tumbled down, blocking the entrance to the cavern. The ground settled to a mild, continual tremor.
There isnt much time, he thought, gazing about. I hope Rina and Marante work this out or its over.
He heard the muffled cries of a man being torn apart. Vorkis. A wide smile came to his face. Justice was being served.

***

As Rina and Marante hurried down the tunnel, wails of death sent chills up Rinas spine. Marante stumbled and Rina grabbed him before he hit the ground. He was surprisingly light in weight. She stood him up and leaned him against the wall.
You stay here, she said. Ill stop the dredging.
You are not familiar with the systems, said Marante, pushing her on. Let us go.
The ground shook hard, the rumble deafening. The two staggered out of the way of the stones and boulders falling from above. From down the tunnel, a wave of lava broke through the ceiling.
We must hurry! said Marante, who strained to stand. Rina wrapped Marantes arm around her shoulder. Lets go!
They reached the unguarded doors of the Command Center when the quaking stopped.
This place is going to go at any moment, she said, looking about.
It seems the Oridians had a glorious day, said Marante.
Several Barras, puddles of white blood, and severed Zorcon body parts littered the gray Hitan floor. The sight of the shredded carnage made her sick. She counted fourteen small mounds of brown dirt. Numerous blast holes pitted the black rock. A dead Oridian lay beside the entrance.
Hundreds of NBs embedded the walls and ceiling, all with their red lights off. Around the oval cavern, dark blue consoles containing colorful orbs took up the space. In the center of the room was a flat round table sitting on a platform with orbs along its edge. 
Marante went to the center table. He waved his hand over a blue orb and a huge hologram rose up from the middle of the table, displaying the inside of the trench and the underground complex. The view was three-dimensional and in full color. He waved his hand over another orb and rows of data appeared. With one hand, six of his fingers began tapping specific equations within the holo, changing their values. The last set of numbers blinked white then vanished.
The instability of the planets electromagnetic field is interfering with holo function, he said. However, I have shut down the Xeon Diffusers. I have also contacted the Quasar and several teams are on their way down with terra emulation modules called Deltrons. Unfortunately, the planet will implode in less than forty minutes. That may not be enough time to assemble the Deltrons. I am going to authorize a teleport of you to the Quasar.
No, Rina said firmly. Im not leaving until the planet is safe.
My lady, said Marante, turning to her, you must go. I cannot allow your sacrifice
She interrupted. I know how much you care, but this is my life and my world and I will not leave until I know its safe.
Marantes eyes scrunched into black slits. You are as stubborn as Kalin, he said, then faced the holo again.
A deafening roar resonated and the chamber shook violently. She grabbed Marante and pulled him beneath the table. Massive boulders fell from above, pounding the floor and rolling. Explosions and black smoke filled the cavern. In front and to their right, part of the wall gave way, crumbling to the floor.
She squeezed Marantes hand. This may be it.
The quaking slowed to a steady tremble. Marante peeked out.
It is safe, come.
Rina stared in awe, watching Marante lift himself out from the crunched position. His legs bent not only at the knee but also at mid-thigh and mid-calf. He had four joints on each leg, not including his hips.
Why didnt I notice this before? thought Rina.
His hand reached down for her. Come, my lady.
She took his hand and he lifted her. I also have two more joints in each arm, he said, spreading his arms out sideways and bending them inward, forming a perfect square.
You are the coolest dude, she said, wondering what else an x-ray would reveal.
His eyes scanned the room. I will check on the Deltrons progress. If the implosion occurs before the units are assembled, we will also lose the lives of our people who are assembling them.
When Rina turned around, she gasped. The whole back half of the cavern had caved in. Only the table remained in the center and, thank goodness, the entrance behind her was still open. The constant quiver beneath her feet told her the implosion was sooner than thirty minutes away.
There are Earth-humans in a jail down here that need saving, she said.
Yes, I see, said Marante, his eyes fixed on the holo. Unfortunately, we lack the time. The implosion has moved up; only fifteen minutes remain. Some will have to be expended. I will order your teleport.
No way, said Rina. They go now.
Why are you being so stubborn? asked Marante, his voice up an octave. With this barely functioning equipment, only three can teleport at a time. Not all will survive. I cannot and will not allow your death.
Marante, she said, caringly, these people didnt ask for this. Theyve suffered enough just being down here and watching their friends die. I could never live with myself if I allowed their sacrifice. They get teleported. Do it now.
Do not order me, he said. You are not my Captain. 
She was about to retort when five Oridians entered the Command Center. The hunched beasts grunted, gazing about.
Weve got company, said Rina, watching the animals sniff the air.
Marante glanced at the Oridians. They cannot see us. I must concentrate. He returned to the holo.
Theyre looking right at us, said Rina, not taking her eyes off the creatures. I think we need to worry.
The monsters were nearing. She could smell their dung-like odor.
It may seem they are alert to our presence but they are not, said Marante, keeping his attention on the holo. Pay no mind to them.
You said the electromagnetic field of the planet was interfering with the holo. Could it be interfering with our NBs?
Marante quickly straightened up. He waved his hand through the holo.
Oh, dear, he said, touching his bloody head. The NBs are not blocking the scent of blood. We have a problem.
Yeah, said Rina. Five of them. I have a bleeding cut on the corner of my mouth.
I must separate from you, said Marante. More of my blood is exposed.
He slipped off his black tunic and wrapped it around his head.
Ill handle this,  she said, you stop the implosion or were all dead.
Marante nodded and reseated. Lying on the floor fifteen feet away was a Barra. She laid on her stomach and started belly crawling towards the gun. The beasts were nearing Marante when they stopped and smelled the air again.
Their eyes focused on the Barra lying just out of her reach. She pulled out the hem of her red T-shirt from her jean shorts and pressed it to the slit on her lip. The metal floor was cold and she stifled a loud shiver. The ape-like animals unknowingly surrounded her, closing in. She couldnt let them touch her, so she scrunched up her body into a ball.
I hope Marante is working fast, she thought.
The largest of the Oridians stood two inches from her face and she almost barfed. The stench of feces was overpowering. Four black toes on each foot hosted claw-like nails six to eight inches long, and each was tapping the floor. Thick, callous soles padded the monsters feet. Her eyes squinted to examine its gray leathery skin, which was composed of thousands of minute scales.
Theyre reptiles,  she thought. I wish I had time to study this thing.
Shiro was right. She was a scientist no matter what the danger. The animal before her made several whooping sounds, startling her. She swore her heart stopped pumping. The other beasts gathered behind the big one. 
The Oridian stepped back and lowered its head to the floor, stretching its neck and elongated jaw forward. The creatures eyes seemed to be riveted on hers. It snarled with quivering lips and long, sharp teeth. The monster sniffed the ground near her face, then raised its head and was ready to lower it down on hers when a shrill came from outside the cavern. The beast swiftly cocked its head towards the entrance. Blobs of warm, thick saliva dripped on her face and hair, sliding down her cheek toward her mouth. Vomit rose into her throat.
Get away from her, said Marante, standing with a Barra. His NB was on the table. The Oridians roared and charged. Marante fired several shots and the animals burst into clouds of yellow dust. He placed the Barra on the table and continued his adjustments of the holo.
Rina got on her hands and knees, spitting. This is gross, she said, swiping at the sticky saliva that refused to come off. This stuff is like glue. Her hands slipped to a rough tremor and she almost banged her face on the floor.
Nine Earth-humans have been teleported, but you must be next, my lady. Implosion will occur in two minutes; you must teleport now or die.
Show me how to work the holo and you go, she said, standing up. Ill stay and make sure they all get teleported.
I cannot believe this! he said angrily. You are acting like Kalin, with no sensibility. I will not leave you here to die. He focused on the holo. Three more have teleported. One minute.
Unless a miracle happens, we are not making it out alive.
Marante, she said softly, I dont want you to die with me. Youre brilliant and this universe will suffer without you. Please, Im begging, teleport yourself now.
I can be stubborn too, he said, and it will be a cold day under the suns when I will leave a lady to die alone. No, I will stay, and do not think you can change my mind. As Earth-humans say, give it up.
You are so pig-headed! she said. I need another angle. Do you think well feel any pain? I wonder if your life flashes across your mind before you die?
Marante was shaking his head as if disgusted. No, we will not feel any pain, and yes, your life flashes across your mind. Must you be so pessimistic? You really have no fear of death, do you?
Death isnt scary; she thought, its just part of life. 
My only regret is not being able to say goodbye to my father, she said.
I see, said Marante. My only regret is that you are here with me. I wish you were safe somewhere else.
Suddenly, the ground began to shake wildly. Marante tumbled off the seat and rolled beneath the table. Rina stumbled to the floor and Marante pulled her to him.
The end has begun, my lady! he shouted over the loud roar.
Rina felt tears flooding her eyes; she missed her father already. Marante wrapped both his long arms around her and squeezed. Visions of pale sandy beaches with sparkling white-leaved palm trees and serene blue oceans filled her mind. Dominating the teal opaque sky, three giant silver-gray planets with multi-colored rings rotated on their axes; one was as large as Jupiter.
What is this place? she asked herself.
It is my home world, Chaslea, answered Marante in her mind. I thought you would like to see it.
A giant boulder slammed on the ground in front of them and they screamed, jerking back. Another crashed on top of it, cracking the two in half. From the sidewall, a fissure the size of a car began spiking towards them. 
Good-bye, my lady, said Marante, I am sorry I could not protect you.
He hugged her again, burying her face into his chest.


CHAPTER 26
Rina, Kalin

The quaking ceased. The fissure had stopped abruptly. Not even a slight tremor was felt. All was quiet except for the hum of the holo table. Marante looked at Rina strangely and got to his feet. She slowly crawled out, her muscles hurt from the stress, and noticed the holo was still on.
Six of the twelve Deltrons have been completed, said Marante, studying the holo, and have already replicated thirty percent of the missing core. Apparently, Tolba, the Chaslean left in charge of the Quasar, had ordered them preassembled long before I contacted him. All of the Earth-human prisoners are aboard the Quasar. Wait...something else is happening. There is an Earth-human submersible inside the crevasse that leads to the planets REM tunnel andoh dear. He stopped talking for a moment then continued. It seems a countdown with less than two minutes remaining has been activated in the vessel. Its eruption will also ignite several weapons near the mid-section of a large continent.
Oh crap! said Rina, staring at the visual display of an X-38 in the trench. Its General Bauman. Hes going to use nuclear weapons as a catalyst to create devastating earthquakes. Can you stop the countdown?
The magnetic fields of the Deltrons are affecting the holo. Wavering lines distorted the picture. I may not have enough time.
Please, Marante, said Rina, putting her hand on his shoulder. The anxiety was making her nauseous. Theyre so innocent. Millions are going to die, including my father. Please, try your best.
If I alter the attributes incorrectly, it can ignite the vessel. Let me concentrate.
She moved away. Will Bauman win? She started pacing back and forth, holding her head in her hands. The seconds seemed like eons and sweat began soaking her red T-shirt.
Forty seconds, he said.
Her breathing sped up; she knew now what Shiro felt like when he was near hyperventilating.
Twenty seconds.
Dont count, she demanded. Its making me crazy.
I have good news, he said. The countdown has been cancelled, the vessel has been shut down, and the Deltrons are working at an amazing pace. He smiled at her. Your world is saved, my lady.
The thrill of exhilaration rushed through Rina and she leapt into his arms.
You did it! she shouted.
She squeezed him tight and he moaned. Bones and joints formed hills along his cream-colored shoulders that led to a narrow neck. His bulging head was enormous and she wondered how his thin neck managed the weight. Down his back, the shape of each vertebra protruded from under his skin. It was creeping her out.
Yes, yes, said Marante, trying to loosen her grip.
She was more than happy to let him go.
Im sorry, she said. I didnt mean to hurt you. Its just that I got excited.
Me too, said Marante, his nose had grown and was now pink. My form is different from yours but so are all the other thousands of species you will meet. It is something you must adjust to.
Again, I apologize, she said, distraught she may have upset him. Its all new to me and I have a lot to learn.
It is quite fine, my lady, said Marante. I know you would never intentionally hurt me.
Is his telepathy always active? She pointed her finger at him perturbed. You need to stop reading my mind.
He smiled wide. I will stop when you learn how to. Telepathy is something common amongst the human species. I am sure you can do it if you try.
Maybe I can, she said grinning, and when I do, Im not telling you. Im just going to read your mind until I find something to blackmail you with.
Perhaps, he chuckled, but alas, I am not the one who likes to sleep naked on the beach.
Rina gasped. Hed read her inner thoughts.
I cant believe it! Not even Shiro knows that. I only did it once and I wasnt totally naked and no one was around. This is so unfair.
Your secret is safe with me, said Marante, unless you play dirty, then all promises are off.
Rina laughed loud, enjoying his good sport. She hugged him again. You are so great.
This time he wrapped his arms around her tight. Marante was sympathetic and respectful, more so than men on Earth. She was tempted to kiss him on the mouth but stopped. Who knew what bacteria he carried? Sometimes she hated being a scientist. He was probably reading her mind again so she cupped her hands on his face and kissed his cheek. His nose instantly turned a bright pink and she stepped back.
Im sorry if I offended you, she said, staring at his golf ball-size nose.
Chaslean-humans are very...passionate in different areas of our bodies, he said, smiling. You will learn this with time.
Yes, I will. She smiled, needing to change the subject. So tell me, what exactly are Deltrons?
When Marante turned around, the outline of every bone was visible, including his ribs and hips, something shed never noticed beneath his tight clothes. His head was almost as wide as his torso.
Does he eat? she wondered. He looked severely malnourished.
He began, Deltrons are machines that emit solid energy crystals, which after time alter themselves to become the rock surrounding them, an invaluable Saleran creation. We have used them in the cores of larger worlds with great success.
Oh good, she said, feeling stupid. This new technology was way beyond her.
Someone cleared his throat behind them.
Kalin! said Rina, ecstatic to see him alive. She dashed to him and they hugged.
Did you fight Vorkis? she asked, running her fingers through his thick, black hair. No bruises, bumps, or any signs of a battle were evident.
I let the Oridians take care of him, he said. They do such a nice job. Oh yeah, I found this hiding in the corner of the lab.
Shiro walked in the entrance. Rina couldnt believe her eyes. Tears immediately formed.
He grinned with his crooked teeth. Vorkis killed another earth guy in my place. He said he might need me for later. He knocked me out and left me in the corner of the lab. A blue-black bruise spotted his left jaw.
She squeezed him tight, crying, never wanting to let him go.
Its nice to be loved, he said, holding her.
She released him and punched his arm. I cant believe you pushed me out of the car! She swiped at her tears. You were supposed to save both of us, not just me. Do you know the agony Ive suffered?
Sorry, he said, rubbing his arm, but I couldnt let you die.
She got up in his face. Dont you ever, ever do that again! Do you understand me?
Is Verlea the name of your home world? asked Marante, slipping on his black tunic.
What? she asked, confused. 
Marante had the knack of changing a conversation quickly. Rina stared as Kalin piled a bunch of Sarvin Crystals on Marantes head. The ragged tears in Marantes tunic mended and the cloth filled in all the crevices on his body until no protruding bones were visible.
Thats amazing, she thought.
Is Verlea the name of your planet? he asked again.
Maybe, she said, sending evil glares at Shiro, but I dont know for sure. Ill have to ask my dad when we get up top. She hugged Shiro again. Im still upset at what you did, but Ill never forget what you gave up for me, and Im so glad my best friend is alive. By the way, did you know Bauman sent another sub and Marante shut it down?
For real? he said happily.
Yep, she said, cuddling his arm.
Listen, said Shiro to Kalin and Marante, we cant thank you enough for what youve both done.
Rina walked to Kalin and took his hands. They were large and callused. Not those of a prince. Chivalry was once common among men of Earth; was Saleran society like that? How many more heroes were there in the universe?
Thank you, Kalin, for everything, she said. I was out of line back there and Im sorry.
Its okay, he said, sprinkling Sarvins on her head. You were almost right. Im not a loser.
No, youre not, she agreed.
But now its over, so lets talk about you and me, sweetheart.
Oh great, she thought. 
Should she tell him how much she hated being called superficial names? With the way they got along, it was inevitable. His wanting gaze made her uncomfortable. Kalin was handsome and strong but she wasnt ready for a relationship, or whatever he would call a relationship; somehow myriads of women popped into her mind. He wasnt the type for just one. Besides, shed just found out she wasnt an Earth-human. There was too much to learn and a heap of questions needed answers. He tenderly cupped her face; his hands were warm and caressing, creating goose bumps all over her body. 
Even when you were dirty, he said, you were beautiful.
He leaned down to kiss her and she reactively grabbed his hands, pulling them off. She smiled and stepped away. He tilted his head and looked at her strangely.
What, not even a kiss? he said.
Never on a first date, she replied, hoping it wasnt an insult. She couldnt get attached. A romance would just mess things up.
If this was our first date, he said with a laugh, I can only imagine what our second one will be like.
From the corner of her eye, she saw Shiro slap Marantes shoulder.
Youre the man, my man, said Shiro.
Ouch, said Marante. I have done nothing.
Yes, you have, said Kalin. You put your shirt back on.
What did you say? asked Marante.
You need to keep those nasty bones under your shirt, said Kalin.
I will not allow you to insult my race, youyou unappreciative, arrogant, self-absorbed
Yeah, yeah, said Kalin, smirking and waving him off.
Rina chuckled. You guys are great.
Just then, a holo rose up from the center table. An alien resembling Marante appeared.
Captain, do you read me?
Kalin joined Marante and Shiro at the holo. This was her chance to study the dead Oridian near the entrance. She walked to the creature and squatted to examine it. The animals eyes and maw were wide open and it lay stiff like a dead bird with its head and legs bent back.
Yes, Tolba, said Kalin. Whats the progress of the Deltrons?
They are near completion, Sir, and we have the Earth-human prisoners aboard. They are in stasis and are being regenerated.
Good work, Tolba. Get another team down here to extract this equipment. We dont need marauders invading this world for these Saleran creations.
Aye, Sir.
Kalin, said Rina in a strained voice. She couldnt breathe.
Vorkis had a knife to her throat. Taru was standing next to him with a Barra pointed at them. Rina felt Vorkis warm blood saturating her clothes. She forced her eyes to the side; several hefty streams of blood were running down his face.
Shes mine, said Vorkis.
The next thing she saw was a flash of light.

Kalin was stunned momentarily. What Tolba, whats the destination of that teleport?
Vorkis ship, Sir.
Disable his hyperdrive! he shouted.
I cannot comply. His REM has been modified and Sir! Suddenly, screams and loud booms sounded in the background. We are under attack! The REM shield has been disabled. Teleporter beams have been activated throughout
The communication went dead, leaving only static.


CHAPTER 27
Kalin, Marante

An unnerving cold ran through Kalin; five hundred people aboard the Quasar were in jeopardy and Vorkis had Rina.
Use my emergency teleport to the Quasar and from there beam me aboard Vorkis ship, said Kalin. On the Eloquin, I can save Rina and help stop the attack on the Quasar. Its the only way.
Marante was silent. Kalin sensed his reluctance.
Theres no choice in the matter, he said, trying to ignore Marantes glare. Vorkis will use anyone to get me. We have to go now or Rina and everyone aboard the Quasar is dead.
Marante sighed loudly, nodding his head. You were correct all along, Kalin, and I apologize. Vorkis insanity must be stopped. I just do not want to lose my best friend.
Kalin felt a minute sense of relief. Marante was finally understanding.
You wont, answered Kalin, hoping he was right. Use whatever means necessary to defend the ship, he said, handing his Comlink to Marante, and dont let Vorkis use his hyperdrive.
Aye, Sir, said Marante, attaching the Comlink to his upper sleeve. He placed his hand on Kalins shoulder. Be careful, my friend, and bring her back alive.
Marante tapped the Comlink six times then vanished in a flash of light. Kalin readied himself, holding his Barra, anxious to fire. A battle with Zorcons was imminent. He would take out as many as possible. He waited. Marante always kept his cool under severe stress and could easily handle the confrontation on the Quasar, something hed proven many times before. Two minutes had passed.
Whats happening up there?

***

Status, asked Marante, sitting in the captains chair on the bridge.
The two Chaslean-human crewmen, Hapnu and Advon, were to his right, busily monitoring the activity on Vorkis ship. Tolba was to his left next to Oxil, another Chaslean-human, and both were working on holos, managing the emergencies throughout the vessel. Each station displayed numerous holos and it took months of study on Salera to learn how to merge and manipulate several holos at once. They were the best.
The bond between Salerans and Chasleans was sealed centuries ago. The evil society of Vassons had tricked both civilizations into believing the other was preparing for war. Kalin and Marante saved each others lives and people, forming an eternal bond of friendship between both races, something unheard of in the five thousand years of recorded Saleran history. How grateful he was to have a brother such as Kalin.
The Eloquins shields are absorbing the blasts of our Monto Lasers, said Tolba. Two hundred Zorcons have boarded. Security walls have been activated in the hallways but the Zorcons are implementing Vion Blasters. The shields will not hold very long. He glanced at Marante. Sir, this is the first time we have encountered anyone with technology equal to ours.
With all the diversified species in the universe, I am sure this will not be our last, said Marante. Our first priority is to get the Captain aboard Vorkis ship. We must find a way through his shield.
The new Edia Beam is small enough to penetrate Vorkis shields, said Tolba, studying a holo, but it must be exact. I am surprised Vorkis has not altered his shield for this latest Saleran science.
He was forced to leave Salera is a hurry, said Marante. Position the Captain closest to Rina yet guarded for his immediate safety.
Aye, Sir.
Marante tapped an orb on his armrest and a holo swirled up from the floor in front of him. He had to find out why the REM shield had failed. Ilya walked in and stood next to Marante. She was wearing a light blue, sequined two-piece skirt and top that barely hid any flesh. From the corner of his eye, he could see her creamy, smooth stomach and the shape of her enhanced breasts.
Her sweet perfume masked her unnatural ways. Although the males in her race did not lack Henual Cells, the projected ten-year study to help the females during puberty was cancelled because the women enjoyed their ghastly behavior with animals. Ttresses made him sick and he hoped she wouldnt touch him.
Zorcons are all over the place, she said, putting her hand on his shoulder. Ive come prepared. She held up a hand Barra. Can I be of help?
The Trinon Crystals of the REM are almost depleted, said Marante, concentrating on the grid in the holo. Someone deliberately used a high-energy power source to drain them. They will have to be restored. Tolba, start the emergency reparation. Who was the last person at the system?
Dont bother, said Ilya.
Marante felt the cold nozzle of the Barra press into the skin on his head. Immediately, Tolba and the other crewmen sprang out of their seats.
Stop! she said, gripping the Barra with both hands. Ill shoot him! Back off!
Marante raised his hand and they halted. The holo switched off.
You two, she said, pointing to Hapnu and Advon, get over by Tolba.
The men were staring at Marante, waiting for a signal. He dared not allow Vorkis another victory by killing anyone on this vessel; besides, he had to find out the details of Ilyas mission. He nodded his head and the crewmen joined Tolba.
Why? he asked.
Waves of visions flashed through Marantes mind; she was allowing him access. His stomach ached with nausea.
He loves no one but himself, said Marante. You are just another pawn.
He loves me, said Ilya, her lips squeezed together in contempt. Everyone I touch loves me. Im the best hes ever had.
Marante faced her, peering straight into the nozzle of the Barra. He sensed a strong determination in her. It was not passion or recklessness; it was something deeper, something...no!
You gave birth to Vorkis child? asked Marante, shocked a Saleran conceived an offspring outside its species.
Ilya smiled proudly. Yes, and our daughter is just fine.
How? asked Marante. Your kind is not compatible with a Saleran.
Poor Marante, said Ilya, sliding the nozzle along his cheek. She leaned down close to him, nose-to-nose. How about a big kiss? she said, deliberately blowing her putrid breath in his face.
Stupid Kalin. Do it, he said. I will enjoy what I can then toss you aside like the others.
Your mind games wont work on me, she said, annoyed. Im smarter than you, because not only have I been helping Vorkis for months, we also discovered another use for teleporters.
I see, he said. The implantation of a pre-altered embryo at the moment of molecular reconstruction.
You got that right, big boy, she said, smirking. Our baby has grown at a tremendous rate and is smarter than anyone I know. Vylla is loyal to me and her father. Shes the heiress to the Saleran throne and I will be Queen.
Your child is a mutation, said Marante. She will not survive long enough to enjoy life. That experiment has been tried on off-worlds and the creatures lived for no more than six months before their bodies began to decompose.
My baby will live, she said, nervously pointing the Barra. Vorkis promised, and he would never fail me.
Marante was silent. Ilya was convinced their plan would work.
I cant wait to see the color of your blood; I love florescent blue. Now get out of the captains chair. I dont want the seat dirtied when I blow your head off.
No, said Marante.
Tolba, can you hear me? he said in his mind.
Yes, answered Tolba.
Lurch the ship.
Ilya stepped away and held the Barra straight out with both hands. Move it! she said.
The Quasar jerked hard and Ilya stumbled. A laser shot whizzed past Marantes head and he vaulted from his seat. He wrestled the Barra from Ilya then twisted her arms behind her back. She is surprisingly strong for a woman. Hapnu and Advon rushed over and seized her, holding her in place.
Outraged and humiliated, she roared while squirming to free herself, rustling her blonde hair and tearing the seams of her short skirt with wild kicks. White foam drooled from her mouth. Her skin reddened to almost a light purplish color and her eyes became bloodshot. 
Perhaps more than Henual Cells are absorbed, thought Marante.
She truly was acting like an animal. A cantankerous look covered her face. Her desire to kill him had taken over.
Nothing you do will matter, she said between heavy breaths. The Quasar is ours. Youve lost. 
We will never lose to the likes of you, he said. Tolba, teleport the Captain when ready.
Aye, Sir, said Tolba, grinning. Teleporting now.
Two Chaslean guards dressed in red uniforms entered the bridge. One guard pointed a Menzor Light at Ilya and she stiffened inside the pink beam that encased her. Hapnu and Advon released her. The other guard removed a Binon Strap from his black belt and touched it to Ilyas wrists. Immediately, the glowing orange band enringed her joints and clamped tight.
I hate you! she screamed.
That is acceptable, said Marante, reseating himself in the captains chair. The holo rose up again and he began his adjustments. At least I cannot be easily fooled.
The guard pressed another button on the Menzor and she lifted off the floor. She was ready for transport.
Put her in Brig A3, said Marante. She is to have no visitors.
You wont win! she shouted, still fighting to free herself as they glided her away. Hell come for me!
Her voice faded as the doors to the Lift slid shut.
Sir, said Tolba, what chance does the Captain have on Vorkis ship alone? He is severely outnumbered.
He has a fifteen percent chance of survival, he said. That is more than he has faced on other missions, and his hatred will give him strength.
Marante sensed the others, though worried, had accepted his reasoning. He just wished he could do the same.


CHAPTER 28
Bauman

Who did this? screamed Bauman.
I dont know, Sir, Rick answered. All systems on the sub have shut down. Nothing is registering.
Bauman was shaking with anger. He noticed the eyes of his men on him. His face was probably pink and puffed so he slowed his breathing, trying to relax. He was their Commander and Chief and it was essential to stay in complete control.
We can still win this, he said, straightening the sleeves of his maroon-colored tunic, proud of the new uniforms. Detonate the New Madrid. At least well be rid of the idiots who rule the world.
Aye, Sir, said Rick. He flipped up a gray cover on the ebony panel and pressed the red button.
Nothing happened. He pressed it again. No detonation.
Whats going on here? said Bauman, leaning over Rick and pushing the button.
Those nukes have been shut down also, said Rick. Sir, theres a phone call coming from Admiral Payton Williams.
Bauman picked up the receiver next to the screen. What the heck is going on?
Justin is still alive, said Payton. He must have found a way to stop the nukes.
Bauman roared so hard it felt like every vein in his neck had exploded. He started banging the receiver on the table. Rick jumped out of his seat. 
How could the plan have failed? It was perfect. 
For over nine years, every problem, every angle, every situation conceived had been dealt with, so what happened? All conspirators were eliminated.
How could he still be alive? shouted Bauman into the receiver.
I dont know, said Payton, but you need to get it under control. Were at the final phase and we dont need you breaking equipment. Theres always Javelin One. Remember, all self-destruct codes have been deleted.
The computer beeped and he looked at Rick who was standing beside him and studying the screen. Bauman signaled him to sit back down.
Sir, Telstar VIII is picking up what I think is...laser fire in space, said Rick, typing. Theres some kind of battle going on.
Laser fire? Bauman stood behind Rick. The satellite picture showed short beams of light exploding. Somethings come up, he said to Payton. Ill call you later. He hung up the phone.
Follow a beam and magnify at impact, he said to Rick, focusing on the monitor.
The white beam exploded and in the residue was a clear picture of docking bay doors.
Freeze it, said Bauman.
The two men studied the image.
Bauman chuckled. Talk about breaks.
Sir, is that what I think it is? asked Rick.
Yes, it is, said Bauman. We can use this to our advantage. Get me Frank Bollen on the horn.
Rick swiveled in his seat. Sir, I would never contradict you in any way, but these are real creatures from another world. Dont you think we should investigate? They may come after us.
Nonsense, answered Bauman, glancing down at Ricks buzzed blonde hair, which looked like short, fine bristles. The existence of alien life has been known for over two centuries. Look at them. He pointed to the frozen scene. Theyre in a battle. Theyre not interested in us. Get Bollen now.
Yes, General, Sir! said Rick, turning around.
Ill take the call in my office, said Bauman.
Yes, Sir!
Bauman walked to the rear of the jet and into his private stateroom, shutting the door. He sat at his computer and began typing an article for the papers. It included a photo of the laser blasts in space and a clear shot of docking bay doors. 
Everyones attention will be on this, including the militarys.
If his original plan was discovered, he could say him and Payton had unraveled a secret plot by aliens whose intentions was to terminate most of the Earths civilization and enslave the rest. The upper administration would have to buy it; the proof was there. This would clear them of any charges of treason.
They would also have the story of Justin Young, an unstable man whose missing daughters diary exposed his irrational psychotic episodes. Of course, a fake diary would have to be planted in Justins house and he would have to be blamed for the deaths at OSRI, including the untimely disappearance of Rina and Shiro, whose bodies were never found.
Then there would be the truth from the Secretary of Defense, General Theodore Bauman and Admiral Payton Williams, both devoted, high-ranking officials who had proven their loyalty for a total of over eighty years, receiving medals and honors, many directly from several presidents of the United States.
Yes, its starting to feel better all the time.
To disgrace Justin in front of the whole world would be a victory. To kill Justin himself and make it look like a suicide would be even better. A warm sensation soothed his body when he thought of his hands crimped around Justins neck. Of course, this all would be initiated if Javelin One failed which it wouldnt. Not even the President could stop Javelin One. A wide grin crossed his face. His phone rang.
A deep computer-generated voice said, Bollen.
We have a problem, said Bauman.
Frank Bollen, whoever he really was, could hack into any agency, the CIA, FBI, KGB - anything - and get away with it. He was pricey but his work was ingenious. Once, on a mission, Bauman accidentally overheard a conversation between an Al Qaeda deterrent and Bollen, who was refusing the work offered. He smirked at the thought of Bollen having scruples. The man was a spook, wanted in seventeen countries for treason. He was a master of disguise and illusion, the perfect ghost.
Unfortunately, certain aspects of his agenda had to be revealed to Bollen, who showed no interest at allhe just didnt care. Bollen was the best and the one whod set up the transfer of funds from Hans Steinmans accounts to his. Thus, it was decided a long time ago, Bollen would have to be terminated. He knew too much.
Am I to assume your plan didnt work? asked Bollen.
Its just a bump, said Bauman. Im going to send you an article with a picture I need inserted into the Associated Press files. I want this on the front page of every paper in America. I need the worlds attention centered on it.
Itll cost ten mil, said Bollen. Transfer it to my account now and youll have it within the next thirty minutes.
Done, said Bauman, typing the transfer. Just get it right.
Have I ever failed you? said Bollen.
A dial tone sounded. Bauman sighed in relief. Theres always a way out. He picked up the phone and hit a key.
Initiate Javelin One, said Bauman.
Aye, Sir, said Rick. His obedience was admirable.
Bauman tapped a button and the wall before him slid open. He hooked into Ricks monitor and watched it on screen. The words NC for a better world...contrasted brightly against a picture of Earth. 
The display changed to an orbiting satellite. It carried twenty-four nuclear missiles.
All I need is four.


CHAPTER 29
Rina

Welcome aboard, Rina, said Vorkis.
A Zorcon was pouring Sarvin Crystals on his head. Rina was on the floor coughing, trying to regain her breath from Vorkis choking her.
This ship was named for my sister, Eloquin, said Vorkis, looking down at her. His voice was soothing, almost pacifying. She was my first victim. Its a reminder of how easily I can overtake people.
Now, why am I not surprised? said Rina sarcastically. She was sitting at his feet. You make it a habit to kill family.
Vorkis laughed aloud, glaring at her with vindictive eyes. The light shining from above was blinding and she crawled out of it, studying her surroundings. They were in a dark, round room and everything was the color black, except for a giant white circle on the floor, where Vorkis was standing under the light. She could barely see the five Zorcons in the shadows. A set of sliding doors was off to her right.
This place is special, thought Rina. She stood to her feet. Some kind of sacred room, a sanctum of sorts.
Vorkis was motionless, allowing the orange Sarvins to heal him. The Oridians must have seriously injured him for the crystals to take this long. She wondered if the chemical compound of Sarvins was plant-based. She sighed. Being a scientist in a new environment is hard when youre always fighting for your life.
A strong smell of rotten meat permeated the air and she wondered if the whole ship stank. Another Zorcon stepped out of the blackness and up to the circle. Her nail scratches were still on Tarus face and a black patch covered his left eye. White blood spotted his gray uniform.
Why didnt Vorkis allow Taru to use the Sarvins? Probably because hed let a girl get the best of him. Good. Hed deliberately tormented her with Shiros fake death and the thought of how he ate people was sickening. This guy has got to go.
Easy, said Vorkis. It is the way of the Zorcon.
His words rustled her nerves. Am I becoming like Kalin, so bent on revenge I cant see that Zorcons are just another type of animal? Taru licked his lips at her. Nope, she thought, he needs to die.
Arent you curious about where you are? asked Vorkis.
He raised his arms sideways and two Zorcons wearing purple uniforms scurried out of the darkness and began undressing him. She hadnt seen those two in the shadows and wondered how many more were there. Vorkis cleared his throat and grinned. They were removing his gray pants. Rina quickly spun around, embarrassed.
Is there a problem, my dear? asked Vorkis. Have you never seen a naked man?
I have no desire to see you, she said, hoping he wouldnt sense it was just pictures. Celibacy came with a price.
We can save it for later, said Vorkis. She heard the swish of the doors open and shut. You can look now, he said.
He was dressed Ninja style. His black shirt and pants were loose. Attached to his ebony sash was a small gray case, a twelve-inch knife, and a long, curved sword, similar to a samurai. His crooked smile told her he was proud of his appearance.
What are you supposed to be? she asked.
He bowed. I am an Uru Master. I steal the life of my enemy. I hear him beg, then I take his life slowly and with pain. This is the way of Uru. This is my way.
Youre nuts, she said.
He pulled the knife from his belt and walked towards her, swinging it by his side. With each step he took, she moved back farther until she was against the wall, frantically looking for a place to run. There was none. In the darkness, he hovered over her like a giant; his blue eyes glowed white as he put the knife to her face. She didnt move; she couldnt move. This guy was a cold-blooded killer. She was a foot away from the man who was ready to exterminate the whole Earth-human race. Would a kick in the groin level him? She doubted it. With that getup, hed expect it.
He grabbed the back of her head, crimping a clump of hair. A dim light clicked on above them. She tried to push him away but his strength was overpowering. She froze when he started gliding the flat side of the knife along her cheek. The smooth metal was icy cold. He pressed the tip of the knife just below her left eye and leaned close to her face, nose to nose. The breaths on her face stank and something in his glare told her he wanted a scream. He wanted her fear. If he tried to kill her now, she wouldnt go down without causing him some kind of pain.
She stood firm, staring straight into his eyes. His thin lips slid into a nefarious smile. He let go of her and moved away. He reached over her forehead and yanked out a single hair. She refused to give him the pleasure of a flinch. He held the knife vertically and ran the hair along the edge of the blade. It split in two.
When Im done with you, I will cut you like this strand of hair, he said.
Not if I can help it, said another voice.
Vorkis swiftly turned around and a laser blast caught him in the shoulder.
Kalin! shouted Rina.
Without answering her, he dove onto the deck and rolled, firing several more shots killing the guards. All the lights came on. Taru was cowering near the wall, mumbling and pleading for his life. Vorkis seized her from behind and held the knife to her throat.
If you shoot, said Vorkis, she dies with me.
Blow him away, Kalin, she said.
The knife dug deeper and she felt the warmth of her own blood trickle down her neck.
Let her go, said Kalin. Its me you want. Fight me to the death, Vorkis. Winner takes Rina and Salera.
The blade eased a little.
An interesting proposition, cousin, said Vorkis.
Isnt this why you teleported to your cheap replica of an Uru Temple? said Kalin, keeping his aim on Vorkis.
Your familiarity with Uru is surprising, cousin, said Vorkis. I suppose your rebellious attitude toward Saleran laws led to this knowledge, which proves you were never a real Saleran. You should be happy I ended such useless lives. You and I could rule this galaxy together. The offer still stands. What say you, cousin?
Every vein in Kalins neck bubbled to a deep purple color. Beads of sweat saturated his face and hands. His eyelids and lips were quivering to the hatred inside him. He was doing all he could not to shoot.
Never, said Kalin through clenched teeth. Lets get this on.
So be it, said Vorkis. To the death. He slipped the knife into his sash and shoved Rina away.
She fell to the floor; lightheaded, she sat up and pressed her hand over her bleeding cut.
Dont do this, Kalin, she said, fighting a wave of nausea. Think of your family.
A gush of blood spurted from between her fingers. Faintness whooshed through her head. The creep had nicked an artery.
Taru! shouted Vorkis, the female.
He removed the flat, gray case from his black sash and tossed it to Taru who caught it.
Yes, Your Highness.
Taru opened the case and sprinkled the crystals on her head. As the cut healed, she watched him attach the small box to his gray belt. Taru pulled her up to standing and put a Barra to her left temple.
Shoot him, Kalin, said Rina, tilting her head as Taru pushed the weapon harder into her skin. Shoot him and your problems will be over.
Maybe, he said, laying down the Barra. But Id be more satisfied this way. He took off his black vest.
What is it with guys? thought Rina. A woman would have shot him.
The two men stood in the center circle. Vorkis closed his eyes and raised his hands over his head, then lowered them into a praying position in front of his face. Kalins eyes were riveted on his enemy. Vorkis winked at Rina and threw her a kiss. His hands were so fast she didnt see him grab the twelve-inch knife and fling it at Kalin. It burrowed into his shoulder and he staggered back.
Now we are even, said Vorkis.
The tip of the knife was jutting out of Kalins back; it had gone clear through. He gritted his teeth while slowly sliding out the blade. His shoulder was bleeding profusely. He inhaled a deep breath and stashed the knife in his black belt.
Thanks, he said. I needed it.
Vorkis frowned in obvious disappointment. He whipped out his silver sword and roared, charging Kalin. The swing of the blade was fast and Kalin leapt away just in time. Sparks burst from the weapon as it hit the metal deck. Kalin rolled to his feet and kicked the sword out of Vorkis hands. Vorkis lunged at Kalin and they tumbled, wrestling, on the floor.
Vorkis scratched and ripped with his nails, tearing at Kalins clothes. He dug his teeth into Kalin several times, gnawing like an animal. Kalins clothes were shredded in several places and he was bleeding from his nose and lips. Vorkis never let up. He worked fast and hard, bombarding Kalin with his fists, nails, teethwhatever he could use to maim him. It was the most sadistic fighting shed ever seen.
Kalin managed to punch Vorkis in the face. He jerked away far enough for Kalin to shove him off with his feet. Not a second later, Vorkis lunged for him again. Kalin swung his leg and got Vorkis in the head, making him stumble away.
I have to do something, thought Rina. I must have telepathy like everyone else. She shut her eyes, concentrating. Marante....
The snap of Kalins leg and his scream brought her back to reality. She went to help him but Taru yanked her back. He pressed the gun so hard to her skull she was sure it would crack.
I have not forgotten the injuries you gave me, said Taru. I will enjoy killing you.
Blood was pouring from Vorkis nose. He picked up the sword, walked to Kalin and raised the weapon high in the air.
Now you will die, he said.
Kalin whipped the knife from his belt and plunged it deep into Vorkis stomach. His mouth gaped and he hunched forward, dropping the sword. He clamped both hands on the hilt and fell back against the wall.
Youre dead, said Kalin, struggling to stand on his one good leg.
And you will join me, said Vorkis, pulling the knife from his stomach.
Thick white beams of light exploded from Vorkis eyes, striking Kalin in the chest. His body went airborne and bashed into the far wall, then bounced on the floor. He lay squirming, his face squeezed in pain. Vorkis slid to the floor, cupping his wound and keeping the beams of light on Kalin. With one hand, Taru opened the gray case on his belt and scooped up a handful of Sarvins. He threw them in the air at Vorkis and they landed scattered on top of him. The orange crystals twinkled near the open cut.
You see, my dear, said Vorkis, catching his breath, the beams unrelenting, long ago, Salerans rejected their gift of Xevniors and, with time, it eventually dwindled within the race. Only I realized the value of this magnificent force and rekindled its power. With all the water in his system gone, he will die and I will win.
Kalin was turning paler with every moment. His flesh was literally shriveling to his bones. He was dying. Panic had set in.
Focus, Rina, she said to herself. I need to do something...anything. Taru was her best target.
She elbowed him in the stomach and yanked the Barra from his hand. Before he fell, she lifted the Sarvin case from his belt and tossed it to Kalin, who was lying still, facing the opposite wall. Vorkis stopped his Xevniors and leapt to his feet. She fired and hit his newly mended shoulder. His body flipped around and he crumpled to the deck, delirious. Six Zorcons rushed into the room and surrounded Vorkis, pointing their Barras at her. She kept her aim at whatever she could see of Vorkis and moved away from Taru, who was getting to his feet.
You cant block him entirely, she said aloud, knowing it wouldnt be a good shot.
You will not win this, said Taru. You are on His Majestys vessel. Where do you think you can go?
She hated his robotic voice, but he was right. There was nowhere to go. She wanted to rip the stupid smirk from his ugly face. He licked his lips again. 
Thats it, she said to herself. Im done.
She fired at a Zorcon in front of Vorkis, then turned and blasted Taru. His head exploded, spraying blood and chunks of grey matter throughout the room. A laser beam cut into Rinas stomach, slamming her against the wall. She lay on the floor, barely able to breathe, when she heard Kalins voice.
Hold on, Rina! Dont let go!
His words sounded like faint echoes. Her eyes opened slightly and she saw him on his feet. The pain was unbearable; she wanted to die. An unnatural cold set into her bones. The world was fogging up and Kalin seemed so far away, almost like a dream. She opened her eyes a little more and saw heavy white beams shoot out of Kalins eyes. His Xevniors lifted the guards and threw them across the room. Vorkis sat up, horrified; the beam got him straight in the face.
Go, Kalin.
Im coming, Rina, shouted Kalin, keeping the beams on Vorkis as he shuffled sideways to her.
The hole in her stomach was almost the size of her hand and she couldnt move. Her body was numbing; she couldnt feel her hands and feet. Vorkis twitched and convulsed to the life-sucking beams. Just then, six more Zorcons came into the room. Kalins Xevniors sent them crashing into the wall. Vorkis wasnt moving. She watched Kalin snatch up Vorkis knife and stuff it in his belt as he ran to her.
I got you, he said, gently lifting her.
Memories of her childhood raced through her mind. Mary was there; Justin was crying. She saw the doors slide open and five more Zorcons dashed in with Barras. A bright light flashed.

***

Kalin laid her down and gently touched her hair.
Youll be okay, he said softly. Were on my ship, the Quasar. Just lie still and let the doctor take care of you.
She could barely open her eyes. Shiro and Marante were standing beside her bed facing Kalin, who was on the other side. She didnt see a doctor but there was an amber light, similar to a scan, running along her body. The pain in her stomach was lessening. The hole was closing up.
Are the Deltrons active? asked Kalin, stripping off his shredded white shirt.
Yes, said Marante, who grasped her hand. I heard you, my lady, he said in her mind, and was able to lock onto your position.
She squeezed his hand.
The core of the planet is stabilizing, continued Marante. What about Vorkis?
Hes alive, said Kalin, putting on a clean shirt.
You did not kill him? Marante handed him a black sheath for the knife.
No. Kalin glanced at Rina. It was either him or Rina and I couldnt let her die. Did you deactivate his hyperdrive?
Temporarily, yes.
Kalin slipped Vorkis knife into the black sheath. I need to go back.
At the moment, the teleporter is inoperative.
I have to get Vorkis now before he tries to run.
I understand, said Marante. But I must inform you of our situation. A saboteur damaged the REM and teleporter, which are now under repair. Over two hundred Zorcons teleported aboard but we managed to create Montroth Fields to encapsulate them. They are all in custody.
Who was the saboteur? asked Kalin.
Marante frowned. It was Ilya, Kalin. Ilya was the traitor.
Kalin froze, staring at him in disbelief. What?
Marante nudged his head. Ilya was standing behind him with two Chaslean security guards on either side of her.
Ilya? said Kalin.
You were nothing but a toy, and not a very pleasant one, she said defiantly. Vorkis loves me. Hell save me. He wont leave me with scum like you.
I thought we had something special, said Kalin. I cant believe youd do this, shaking his head in disappointment. Why?
Youre useless, she said. I need a man with power and brains. You think way too much of yourself, Kalin, and on a scale of one to ten, youre a low one.
You mean she can count? asked Rina, hoping the snide comment would prick her.
My lady, said Marante, helping Rina to sit up on the edge of the bed.
Kalin turned to her and smiled, holding her face with his warm hands.
I would be dead if you hadnt thrown me the crystals. Thank you.
You gave up killing Vorkis to save me, she said. I know how much that meant to you. Thank you, Kalin.
She wrapped her arms around him, hugging him tight. He kissed her cheek then gently pushed her away and reached in his pants pocket.
This belongs to you, he said.
He pulled out the necklace and slipped it over her head.
I thought Id lost this forever, she said, gazing at the black pendant in her hand. Thank you so much.
This is so sickening, said Ilya.
Rina peeked over Kalins shoulder. Whos the bimbo?
This is Ilya, said Kalin, clearing his throat with a smile. Ilya, Rina. Ilyas going to be handed over to the Federation for crimes against Salera and Earth. I doubt if shell live another year. The death sentence will be quick and painless. 
I hate you so much, said Ilya, approaching him. I cant believe I actually slept with you.
Yeah, said Kalin, and Ive had a lot better.
Ilya kicked Kalin in the groin and he buckled forward with a grunting sound. The guards immediately restrained her. 
Id rather die than be with you another day! shouted Ilya.
Rina jumped off the bed and took a stand between Ilya and Kalin. 
Let her go, she said.
Marante was pouring Sarvins on Kalin, who was on his knees, moaning. Kalin waved to the guards and they released Ilya.
The Ttress stood eight inches taller than Rina with the slender figure of a top model. Her short golden hair neatly circled her doll-like face, but her beauty ended there. She had the heart of a T-Rex.
So this is what youve lowered yourself to? said Ilya. A short, unsophisticated, dumb-looking blackhead? She leaned down to Rina in a curtsy, placing her hands on her knees and talking with puffy lips as if to a child. Whats the little worm going to do? Hit me?
You got that right, slut, said Rina.
She laid a left hook on Ilyas nose, sending her sliding across the floor and bashing into the wall. 
Save your freaking me-attitude for someone who cares. I can whip you anytime, anyplace, whore.
Captain, said Tolba over Kalins Comlink.
Yes, what is it? said Kalin, who was on his feet and grinning wide.
Do something, Kalin, pleaded Ilya, disheveled and crying. She swiped at her upper lip. She broke my nose! Im bleeding!
Tolbas voice was barely audible over Ilyas sobs. The area surrounding her eyes began to show signs of bruising. Streams of blood flowed from her crooked nose.
Take Ilya to the brig, said Kalin, chuckling. Monitor her but dont heal her just yet. Keep her that way for twelve hours. Shes to have no contact with anyone. Teleport her meals.
Ilya wailed in agony. The guards dragged her out of the room.
Kalin tapped his Comlink, still smiling. Repeat, Tolba.
Vorkis has teleported to the planets surface. He has a hostage and is threatening to kill the Earth-human scientist if his demands are not met.
Rina gripped Kalins arm as if her heart had stopped pumping. Who does he have? she asked.
He is in a place called Colorado, said Tolba. The hostage is an Earth-human named Justin Young.


CHAPTER 30
Rina, Justin

Rina cupped her hands over her face and started bawling. Justin was in the hands of a vicious murderer and she was helpless. Her chest hurt and she was trembling so badly it was hard to speak between the erratic breaths. 
Hes my father, she said. Hell kill him.
Shiro put his arm around her shoulder and squeezed her tight. Hey, calm down. Your fathers a smart man and Im sure hes trying to figure out how to escape. Besides, Rina, these people saved our whole planet; they can save your father too. Right, Captain?
Absolutely, said Kalin. Dont worry, Rina, well get him. Tolba, what are his demands?
He wants the Earth-human female to teleport down. After he acquires the Pril, he will release them. If she is not on the planet within fifteen minutes, he will start dismembering the Earth-human. Sir, the teleporter is not fully functional.
How do I get down there? she asked, swiping the tears off her face. She wouldnt feel better until Justin was safe.
Youre not going down there, said Kalin.
Have you lost your mind? she said, raising her voice. Did you hear what he said? My fathers life is at stake. I have to go.
Marante was at a terminal working a holo. Teleporting will be risky, he said. He swiveled in his seat. My lady, the Captain is correct. Vorkis will kill you and your father once he has the Pril. It is too dangerous. A beep came from the holo. Marante swung around and tapped another orb. Vorkis wishes to speak with Rina.
She began to walk to Marante when Kalin grabbed her arm. 
Youre not going, he said.
She angrily yanked her arm away. Hes my father. Theres no choice.
I wont authorize a teleport, he said.
Frustrated, she gripped the lapels of his shirt and pulled him down to her face. I swear on my mothers grave Ill make you pay if anything happens to my father.
Speak, Rina, said Marante. Vorkis can hear you.
Kalin removed her hands and shook his head no. She opened her mouth to speak, but he shushed her by putting two fingers on her lips. She pushed his hand away and said in his mind, back off!
Only I know where the Pril is, Vorkis, she said aloud, glaring at Kalin. My father knows nothing.
Come to me, Rina, said Vorkis, and you will spare his life. If Kalin teleports with you, I will cut your father into small pieces.
You hurt him and youll get nothing.
Agreed, he answered. I am waiting.
The transmission has been terminated, said Marante. Is this concerning the large piece you mentioned before?
Yes, she said. He must have read my mind.
No, said Shiro. He read my mind.
Everyone turned to him.
Shiro hung his head low as he spoke. When I was being interrogated, I remembered the larger piece. I never divulged anything but he must have read my mind. Im sorry, Rina. This is all my fault.
She patted his shoulder. Vorkis has powerful telepathy, everything will be okay. Right, Kalin?
He was still shaking his head no. An ugly yet satisfying vision appeared in her mind: Kalin bald. Tearing out the hair on his head may humble him.
I cant let you do this, said Shiro, clutching her upper arms tight. Let me go. Tell me where the Pril is and Ill give it to him.
Shiro was the best friend anyone could have. He was brave, caring, and willing to die for her again.
No, she said, gazing at his worried expression. I almost didnt survive your death. Besides, Vorkis wants me, and I cant take chances with my fathers life. She looked at Marante. How do I get down there?
Kalin cleared his throat. Marante stared at him, waiting for an answer.
Kalin, said Rina, youre frustrating me again. You know I cant let my father die at the hands of that animal, so why are you doing this?
Because I cant let you die, said Kalin, and its why Im going with you.
Whoa! she said, raising her hands. No way! My fathers dead if you come.
Either I go with you or you dont go at all. He pressed a Comlink to the inner part of her left sleeve. This is how itll work. Youll teleport first. Hell be searching the Trinon Waves in the teleport for more than one body. Marante will jam his scans so he cant locate me on the surface. Ill be three minutes behind you, teleporting the same way we breached his REM in the core. Hell never know I came.
Wait, said Shiro, why cant you just teleport Justin out of there?
Because the Trinon Waves are not stable enough to separate two entities in close proximity, said Marante, studying the holo, and Vorkis is sure to detect its energy and possibly kill Justin. The last teleport of Kalin and Rina nearly crashed the system. Until the mechanism is repaired, any future teleports must be at least six feet apart.
Kalin, said Rina sternly, youre risking my fathers life and I cant have it. I go alone.
Listen, said Kalin in a pleading voice, he knows Im going to come; hes not stupid. He wants me dead and Im sure theres a trap waiting. Ive dealt with men like this before; its just another type of game.
She sensed his confidence but was still leery about his plan. Are you certain he wont detect you?
Positive. Vorkis doesnt have the latest Saleran technology, but I do. Here, take this.
He handed her Vorkis knife in the sheath. Rina slid the weapon out of its holder. An eerie feeling of death crept over her.
He almost slit my throat with this, she said.
Yeah, said Kalin, and you may have to do the same to him.
A shiver ran through her. Could I actually do it?
Im not a killer, she said. I can hit people, but to take a life is different.
You blew away Taru, Kalin reminded her. Pretend its him. He turned to Marante. Put a tracker on his ship.
Aye, Captain.
Taru was different, Kalin, she said, concerned. He tortured people before he ate them alive. He needed to die. I dont know if I can do this.
Even if you cant kill him, its going to be your only protection. He gently touched her cheek. Are you ready for this?
Yeah, I guess. She stared at the blade. Could she kill Vorkis and live with that forever? The planet and all life had been almost obliterated. Earth-humans were being fed to Zorcons. And for two agonizing hours, she thought Shiro was dead. Suddenly, the knife felt good.
Where are they, Marante? asked Kalin.
They are on a mountain.
Rina examined the three-dimensional holo. Its my house in Colorado, she said. She stuffed the sheath into her brown belt. Lets do this.
This way, said Kalin, pointing to a blue circular light on the white floor. Step onto it, gorgeous.
Was this always here? she asked, surprised she hadnt seen it before. The ocean-blue color was beautiful.
No, said Marante. We can place teleporter pads anywhere we wish on the ship or planet. Oh, he added, and they come in different colors.
Okay, she said, grinning at Shiro, who was smiling back; he too was enjoying the new science. As she passed Kalin, she said, I hate those ridiculous girly nouns, so can it.
Make me, he said with a smirk. And just to let you know, doll, if you were another woman, you wouldnt be standing on that teleporter pad.
This had better work, Kalin, she said, glaring at him as she stood in the center of the blue pad. And I mean it with the names.
Kalin winked and threw her a kiss. She rolled her eyes.
The Trinons are fluctuating, said Marante. The teleport will not be to the precise location, but I will get you close.
There was a flash of light and she was standing in a wooded hillside just outside the town of Ouray in the Rocky Mountains.

***

Each step creaked as they walked upstairs to the attic. It was hard to believe an alien from another world was behind him carrying a gun. The last thing he recalled was being in the police car when a bright light flashed and he was in his Colorado home, standing in his living room, facing this angry man who was threatening his life. Although the man looked pale and weak, Justin knew he meant every word he said. The laser blast that had set the couch on fire had done the trick.
Walk faster, the man said.
You could at least tell me your name, said Justin. Id like to know whos going to kill me.
Vorkis, he answered. Now move it!
He poked the gun in his back.
What did you say the rock was called? asked Justin.
Pril.
The solid redwood door at the top of the stairs hadnt been opened in three years. After Mary died, Shiro had brought her clothes and all her packed boxes to the attic and shut the door. Neither he, nor Rina and Shiro had the strength to go up there.
Justin turned the handle and shoved the door open; the hinges squeaked from age. On the opposite ends of the long room, dusty rays of sunlight beaconed through the windows. Racks of clothes and unmarked boxes lined the walls. The smell of mothballs reminded Justin that Mary had been a packrat; she never threw anything out. Vorkis pushed him into the room and he fell to the floor. When he flipped around, he was peering into the barrel of the strange gun.
Find it or die.


CHAPTER 31
Kalin

Where are we? asked Kalin. He was kneeling beside Rina who was hunkered down and peeking between some green, leafy bushes.
Were seven miles from my house, she said. I couldnt leave because I had to wait for you. For all I know, my dad could be dead already.
I doubt it, said Kalin. Vorkis needs him alive for you to tell him where the Pril is. Why did you wait for me? You could have gone alone.
Because I need you to kill Vorkis.
She finally understands, thought Kalin.
Are you sure he didnt detect your presence? she asked.
Positive. No one in the galaxy can match Marante when it comes to REMs and teleporters. Wheres your house?
Near the top of that mountain over there, Rina said, pointing to the left.
Patches of rock and tall trees littered the mountainside. 
We need a truck, said Rina.
A what? asked Kalin. He couldnt see her house.
Come on, she said, pulling his arm. Well find one in town. Follow me.
Their trek down the hillside was a battle against dense bushes and Rinas quick release of the low-hanging branches.
What is this place? asked Kalin, stopping another limb from whacking his face.
Its the town of Ouray, said Rina. Were going to enter it through the alley between those two buildings. But we have to be careful. The sheriff doesnt like me.
Why not? asked Kalin, hearing the whoosh of a branch just missing his head. Is she trying to hit me on purpose? He dared not bring it up; he deserved every bit of torture from the way hed treated her.
His son, Wayne, is a pervert and uses his fathers position to do what he wants, she said. I broke his nose twice for being an idiot.
Somehow Im not surprised, said Kalin. Rina would punch first and never ask the questions.
Eight hundred people live here year round, she said. Although the sheriff is a jerk when it comes to his son, hes managed to keep the town virtually crime free, except for me, of course, which they could never prove.
Of course, he said, smirking. Rina was a handful and he imagined how easy it was for her to dupe the officials. She was bright, intelligent, and her curvaceous body was mouth-watering. A definite beauty. Go on.
Waynes a braggart and a big-time liar, she said. Every so often he spreads stories about me and him, so every so often I do something nasty like poison his drink to make all his hair fall out.
All his hair? asked Kalin.
Yep, every last strand, she said proudly, from the top of his head all the way to his toes. The chemical mixture was simple and it took three months before new growth appeared.
And what was the reason? asked Kalin.
He broke into my house, stole my favorite ring, and gave it to his girlfriend. His fingerprints were all over my bedroom. His father did nothing, so I took care of it. I told him next time all his protruding parts will shrivel and break off. I think hes afraid of me now because he doesnt talk to me anymore.
Id be scared too, said Kalin.
Well need a four-by-four, she said.
Whats a four-by-four? he asked, feeling uneasy. Earth-human technology was primitive and dangerous. But what a set of legs!
Youll see, she said coyly.
He cringed at the thought of possible pain and was relieved a case of Sarvins was attached to his black belt. Her telepathy was developing and he wondered if she was reading his mind. A wave of fear spread through him. 
Id better stop thinking about her or she may shrivel my protruding parts.
They entered the alley between the two brick buildings. A restaurant had to be nearby because a tantalizing smell was making him hungry. Although he longed for the food, some Earth-human habits were repulsive, especially the one where they ate butchered animals. He recalled ten years ago when visiting the planet for a vacation, an Earth-human female named Marlene introduced him to a hamburger. One bite and he was hooked, scoffing the thing down so fast she didnt have time to tell him it consisted of beef from a deceased cow. The thought of what hed eaten made him vomit for three hours. However, when hed returned to the Quasar, he replicated the sandwich using a vegetable base, omitting the slaughtered meat. Since then, hes eaten hundreds of them. His stomach growled.
Quiet, Kalin, she said. Its an Italian restaurant, not a hamburger joint.
Kalin stopped dead in his tracks. She read my mind.
And dont worry, she said glancing back at him. Youll keep your protruding parts for now.
Come on, Rina, he said, pleading, Im only a man and you know I cant do without those parts.
Youre a hero, Kalin, she said, and a good one. But you need to concentrate on my father and not on my butt.
What could he say? She was a looker. Im a dead man.
Ill let you keep one testicle, she said in his mind. Everything else has to go.
What? he said aloud, aggravated at her suggestion and frustrated shed read his mind again. Thats it, Im blocking you.
He leaned forward and saw her silently laughing and was grateful she wasnt mad. Theyd finally reached the end of the alley and when they stepped out, it was like entering a storybook town. Tall, majestic trees draped the main road where numerous terrain vehicles parked inward on both sides of the street. Dozens of people were strolling along the sidewalks enjoying the quaint shops.
Over there, she said, pointing with a menacing grin. That red Titan four-by-four will do just fine.
That actually works? said Kalin, having qualms over its safety. It has wheels.
Were not into Avecs yet, she said. Lets go.
Several tourists were eyeing them suspiciously and no wonder; Kalin was shouldering his Barra and Rina was carrying a twelve-inch knife in a black sheath. An older man with tinsel hair was staring.
What are you people? he asked.
Rockers, said Rina, drawling her words. Wanna join our group, Pop?
Not for all the money in the world, he answered, giving them the once over before turning away.
The truck door was unlocked and she entered on the side with the steering wheel.
Hurry up, Kalin, get in.
You cant be serious, he said, sliding into the seat. Were going to die in this. He wanted to beat Marante for not getting them closer to the house.
She reached under the dashboard. I have to hot wire this thing.
The smell of gasoline told him it was a combustion engine. An electric shock to the steering wheel should do the trick. He tapped the center of the wheel and the engine started. 
What was that? she asked.
I rapped it, he said casually, hoping it impressed her. Lets go.
Rina had the perfect smile. Sometimes you come in handy.
In the center between them was a tall black, metal stick; beside her was another smaller one sat and both sat on the humped floor. Kalin tried to snuggle into the cushioned seat. It was uncomfortable and didnt form to his physique. Suddenly, a man with blue, spiked hair came running out of a store. He was scrawny with barely any muscle, wearing tan shorts and a green shirt.
Any girl could beat this guy up, thought Kalin.
Stop! he shouted, waving his arms.
Rina shifted the tall lever and the truck reversed onto the main road. She rammed the lever forward and the vehicle popped into gear, screeching the tires and leaving a trail of smoke. She swerved down the road, avoiding other vehicles that blared their horns as they passed. There were three pedals on the floor and she was simultaneously pressing the outer two. 
Manually shifting the gears? thought Kalin. Wonderful. Im back in the Stone Age.
She turned onto a dirt road just outside the town and raced alongside a fast-moving stream filled with smooth rocks.
I can hear my eulogy, thought Kalin, gripping the safety handle next to the windshield. He was the last of his race and killed by a crazy woman driver.
Wont the sheriff come after us? asked Kalin, squeezing the handle while the trucks two wheels lifted off the ground as they rounded a corner.
Yeah, said Rina calmly, eventually. The goofy looking guy was Wayne and this is his truck. But dont worry, there are only three cops in town and with that many tourists, theyll be too busy to come after us. Besides, he knows Ill return it.
Sounds like you enjoy this, he said, hoping the truck wouldnt flip over from all the swerving to avoid the dips in the dirt road.
Yep, she said proudly. Wayne is a low-life and I love sticking him hard. Its just my way.
Great, said Kalin. Im with a psycho chic.
In the distance, an old covered wooden bridge caught his attention. Gaping holes breached its sunken roof and weathered walls. Blocking the entrance were splintered boards and three oranges cones. They were headed straight for them.
Youre not going over that, right? he asked, squirming in his seat.
She laughed. Its only eighty years old. Well make it.
You cant do that! he yelled, and they crashed through the barrier.
Pieces of wood went flying everywhere. Rotten trusses squealed against the weight of the vehicle. The planks rattled and bent. The high-pitched sounds of snapping wood and popping nails smothered his terrified scream. Behind the truck, the entrance was gone. The bridge was disintegrating.
Youre killing me! he shouted, his words bouncing with his tongue.
This is the shortcut, she said, raising her voice over the ruckus.
Kalin sighed in relief when the wheels touched solid ground. Looking back, he watched the bridge fold inward, collapsing into the water. Just then, the vehicle skidded to a halt, spitting pebbles and dirt and slamming him into the dashboard, chest first.
Do you want me dead? he demanded, feeling the bruise on his chest building up.
Hang on, she said, moving the small shifter up until it clicked into place. 
She just ignored me, he thought.
This transmission was special ordered, she said, built like the old ones. Only this type of four-wheeler can make it up the mountain.
Am I going to die? asked Kalin, irritated. Because I want to live a little longer.
No, youre not going to die. Rina chuckled. But it is going to hurt.
Great, he said, more pain.
She moved the taller lever into the marked second gear and mashed the pedals. The truck lurched then zoomed down the gravel road. Kalin glanced out the rear window. In their wake was a thick cloud of brown dust.
He gazed at her and realized Rina was special. Most women would have crumbled in the presence of monstrous spiders, scorpions, and man-eating Zorcons, but she refused to let her emotions get the best of her. The two times hed sensed real fear were understandable. The first was when she tried to save Shiro from the Zorcons, and the second was when Vorkis had her father. This woman had been through dire circumstances even some men couldnt handle, yet she managed to keep it together. Her thinking was clear and focused, her green eyes riveted on the path before her; she was determined to speed up the mountain at any cost.
Its going to get a little rough, she said.
Before he could answer, she made a sharp left and headed straight up the mountainside. The uneven pasture bounced him all over the seat. Boulders of all sizes jetted from the brown soil and grass. He saw the giant rock just before the front wheels hit and the vehicle went airborne. Rina screamed with joy as her body rose off the seat. Kalin bashed his head on the ceiling and yelled a flurry of vulgar words. His grasp on the handle saved him from landing on her lap.
Slow down, he said, trying to steady himself. Its best we get there alive.
Whats wrong, wimp, cant take it?
He touched the growing bump on his head. Do you always drive like this?
Yeah, she said, swerving to avoid a fallen tree. Youre on my turf now, buddy, so suck it up.
Kalin smiled and scoffed, You are one scary chick.
Thank you, she said, grinning.
Rina rammed her foot on the center pedal and the truck ground to a stop. Kalins head banged the windshield and he shouted more obscenities. Before them was a ten-foot high concrete wall covered in deep green vines.
Youre nuts! he said, rubbing another bump on his head.
Sorry, she said. My house is on the other side of this wall. I go alone from here.
Kalin tapped his Comlink. Marante. He had to catch his breath. Whats the status on Vorkis and Rinas father?
Justin is unharmed, said Marante. I must inform you of the self-destruction of Vorkis ship. We had just disarmed the vessel when it exploded. Unfortunately, before this, the Zorcons surrounded the entire planet with a Neuron Field. Scanners, teleporters and all weapons on the Quasar will not function within the field.
That sounds bad, said Rina.
It is, said Kalin.
Rina unbuckled a strap from around her shoulder and waist. Im going in.
What was that you just released? he asked, disturbed. Was that a restraining device?
Oops, she said, getting out of the truck and holding the door open. Sorry, I guess I forgot to tell you about the seat belts.
Why you little
Rina! called Vorkis.
She jumped to his voice.
Go to the far corner of this wall by the lake, she whispered to Kalin. Wait there and well come to you. Im going through the outer gate over there. She pointed to two brick pillars with a black, doublewide wrought iron gate.
Dont take any chances, said Kalin. Get your father and run for it.
Thanks, she said. She winked at him and bolted for the gate.
Kalin climbed out of the window and onto the top of the truck. He cautiously peeked through the vines. Rina was already jogging up the long driveway. The brown house was constructed of thick, dark timbers and had three levels. A bulky, wooden porch surrounded most of its base. Off to the side, an enormous tree sat near the end of the boundary wall and in the distance was a beautiful, serene lake.
Vorkis! Rina called from the porch. Im here. Release my father and Ill give you the Pril.
The double doors to the house were flung open and there stood Vorkis with a Barra to Justins head. Kalin quietly got off the vehicle and dashed to the iron gate. The pavement sloped downward so he belly-crawled across the driveway, out of sight. The concrete blockade was at least three feet thick and he wondered if intruders were common in the area. Upon reaching the other side, he rolled to his feet and traipsed along the barrier until it ended. A five-foot opening separated the diagonal corner where another wall ran parallel to the lake. Rusted hinges gave evidence of a long-gone metal gate. On the ground, encasing the corners, were several huge stones. The lake was two hundred feet away. The large tree had a thick trunk wider than the vehicle Titan. Long branches heavy with green leaves shadowed a wooden table with benches. Kalin sensed them approaching and flattened himself against the thick wall, listening to their conversation.
Why did you slaughter your people? asked Rina.
My intention was to enslave them, said Vorkis, but my plan failed and instead, my creation mutated beautifully, accomplishing more than I expected.
Youre sick, said Rina.
Power is all that matters, my dear, answered Vorkis. Without it, you are nobody.
Were here, she said, standing next to Kalin. Let my father go.
Give me the Pril and you both will live, said Vorkis.
Kalins back was against the wall with the side of his face pressing the cool cement, aware of Rinas every move. She turned in Kalins direction and squatted, not looking at him. She lifted one of the large stones and Kalin saw a silver wire attached to it. On the return side of the wall, below the last hinge, a door ground open.
My mother told me to hide this and never let anyone see it, she said. Its been here for years.
She slid out a square box big enough to fit Marantes head. Assorted shells were inlaid into the black, shiny case. She placed the box in front of her, out of Kalins view. The lid squeaked opened and it was the first time ever Kalin heard Vorkis gasp.


CHAPTER 32
Kalin

Kalin heard the thwack of a Barra and a body thump the ground.
Dad! cried Rina.
She ran out of Kalins sight and he readied his Barra. Vorkis squatted to pick up the box, and then stopped. His stare slowly went from Kalins black boots to the nozzle of the Barra.
Back off, said Kalin, shutting the box with his boot. He stepped out from behind the wall, keeping the Barra hoisted to his shoulder, his aim steady.
Vorkis eased up to his feet with his hands in the air, still dressed in Uru. Rina was helping Justin.
You surprised me again, cousin, said Vorkis. I was unaware of your Xevniors.
You always did presume too much, said Kalin, noticing a small Hapton on Vorkis wrist.
The round device resembled an Earth-human wristwatch and allowed remote access to certain programs on vessels. Three red lights were blinking on its face.
You detonated your own ship. You killed all your men.
Of course I did, said Vorkis. You didnt expect anything less.
Vorkis kick to Kalins stomach was so fast and strong, the Barra flew out of his hands and he crashed against the cement wall, crumbling the concrete. Kalin immediately ignited his Xevniors, lifting Vorkis in the air and bashing him on the ground, belly down. Without hesitating, Kalin jumped to his feet and kicked him in the ribs, flipping him onto his back then knelt beside him and clamped his hands around his neck.
This is for Disa, he said, squeezing hard and relighting his Xevniors.
Vorkis desperately flailed his arms, trying to reach him. Kalin kept himself at arms distance, tightening his grip. Suddenly, a laser blast tore into Kalins stomach. His body flew in to the air and slammed into the wall, then slid down to sitting on the ground. His head wobbled as he placed his hand over the large bloody hole.
No! shouted Rina and she began running to Kalin.
Die, Saleran filth! yelled Vurro, who fired again.
Justin pulled her back and a pair of white beams shot out from his eyes. They hit the blue pulse of the Barra and exploded. Kalin blinked several times, not believing what hed just seen.
You? But said Rina.
Vorkis was getting to his feet. Kalin stiffened up and reactivated his Xevniors. Vorkis crumpled to the ground in pain.
You will die! shouted Vurro. Two more laser blasts headed for Kalin.
Justin dove towards Kalin with outstretched arms. Instantly, a clear purple shield surrounded them. The laser beams struck the energy barricade and dispersed into white twinkles. Justin landed on the ground next to him. Although Kalins Xevniors were passing through the shield, he halted them, too weak to continue. His bloodied hand slipped to his side and he closed his eyes. Vivid memories of Salera and his family raced through his mind and, for the first time since their deaths, he wanted to live. Salera deserved to be teeming with life, with children, with families, with the glory she once had. He finally understood what everyone had been trying to tell him.
Someone touched his hand and he opened his eyes.
Hang on, said Justin on one knee. Youll be all right.
He held Kalins wrist and pointed his left palm at Rina. A yellow beam shot out and raised her off the grass, pulling her towards them.
Woooo! said Rina.
She slid through the shield and stopped abruptly next to Justin and Kalin. Justin tapped the small gray case on Kalins belt. Rina smiled.
How did you know about Sarvins? she asked, surprised.
I read his mind, he said. Stay here.
Justin stepped outside the shield, Kalin staring after him in awe. The technology was way beyond Salera. Rina knelt beside him and removed the case from his belt. Kalin gazed into her green eyes as she poured the orange crystals on his head.
You were right, he said in a weak voice. His vision was fading. You were right all along. Each breath was becoming shallower.
Youre a good guy, Kalin, she said, touching his cheek. Tears lined her dark lashes. A real hero Im proud to call my friend. Now dont talk. She placed her fingers over his mouth. I know what youre feeling; Ive been there. Save your strength and let the crystals do their job.
You cant have the Pril, Justin said to Vorkis.
Vurro was going to shoot again when Vorkis raised his hand and he stopped, lowering the Barra.
Who are you? asked Vorkis.
Ill tell you this only once, said Justin. His right fist was beginning to glow. Leave this world and never return.
Kalin struggled to his feet. This is my fight, he said aloud, keeping a fixed glare on Vorkis. Despite feeling weak, he straightened up, ready to take him on.
Infidels! shouted Vurro, who fired again.
Justin raised his glowing fist and caught the beam in his hand. He raised his other palm and swung his arm back, yanking the Barra out of Vurros hands and flinging it back towards Rina. A lavender beam from Justins hand formed a transparent sphere around Vurro. He was yelling and banging on the bubble as it rose higher into the atmosphere, lifting him out of sight. He dusted his hands off and turned to Kalin.
Hes all yours, son, said Justin. 
Well, then, said Vorkis, we shall fight again and this time you will lo
Before Vorkis could finish his words, Kalins Xevniors sent Vorkis flying back into the giant tree. Kalin leapt in the air and flipped, slipping the Norin blade from his boot and ramming it into Vorkis leg as he landed. Vorkis screamed in pain and kicked Kalin in the face, making him tumble away.
Now I will kill you with your own weapon, stated Vorkis, sliding the knife out of his leg.
Kalin jumped to his feet and held out his upturned palm. The Norin blade flew out of Vorkis hand and straight back to Kalin where he caught it. Startled by the loss of the weapon, Vorkis didnt catch sight of Kalins leap in the air towards him. He pounced on Vorkis chest and began repeatedly punching his face until he heard bones cracking. Vorkis grabbed Kalins fist with his right hand and flung him off. Kalin rolled to his feet and lunged at Vorkis again, who was struggling to stand, when suddenly, Vorkis blasted his Xevniors at Rina.
Kalin skidded to a stop as he saw the beams hit Rina in the chest, throwing her back into the cement wall. The wide beams shrunk to a pinpoint on the Pril in her necklace then reversed direction and went crashing back into Vorkis eyes. He screamed and collapsed back, holding his face. Rinas body slid to the floor, leaving a blood trail on the wall.
No! cried Kalin, rushing to her.
I got her, said Justin, who was already holding her in his arms. Finish this, son.
Kalin trembled with the fiery hatred inside him. Although Vorkis was on his back and near convulsing, it was no relief. He had to die; but then Kalin noticed the change. All the hair on Vorkis head and face was gone, burned off, leaving charred, smoldering skin. His eyes were completely black, the lids seared and crisp. The left side of his face was drooping, morphing his cindered eye. On the right side, his lips had burned off, revealing black, rotted teeth. Blood streaked out of his nose from the several lesions splitting it open. His once cream-colored skin was a slimy crimson and peeling away. Nothing was left of his Saleran characteristics. Vorkis now looked like the monster he truly was. Justice had finally begun and this time he would end it. Vorkis staggered to his feet. His enemy had no more to give.
You can never defeat me, said Vorkis, and he pressed his thumb onto his left forearm. Teleporter beams ignited.
Kalin dove for the nearby Barra and rolled, shooting into the beam. Vorkis doubled over, holding his stomach, then was gone in a flash of light.
Marante! he said. Find the destination of that teleport!
There was silence. Kalin stood up, panting.
Marante answered, Apparently, Vorkis had an Ensit implant and altered a short-range scan to bounce him through the Neuron Field. That form of teleporting is dangerous and in his weakened state, there is a strong possibility he did not survive. However, we detected the signature of a space pod leaving orbit at warp speed but unfortunately, there is no way to track it. I am sorry, my friend, he is gone.
Kalin roared until his lungs burned. He slumped to his knees, trembling and holding a stomach that seemed on fire. Did he kill him? He didnt know for sure. A small hand touched his shoulder.
He bent over, said a voice from behind, I think you got him.
Kalin turned to see Rina and Justin. He jumped to his feet and hugged her tight, lifting her off the ground.
Im so glad youre alive, he said, grateful he could hold her again.
Yeah, but I cant breathe, she said, straining. Ease up.
Sorry, he said and let her down. Im not sure if hes dead.
I sensed his physical pain, said Justin. You hit him, but whether hes dead or not only time will tell.
I cant worry about him anymore, said Kalin. He touched Rinas cheek. There are more important things in life.
He cupped her face and kissed her on the lips. She struggled to get free then stopped. She was enjoying the moment.
You have a great kiss, said Kalin, trying not to tremble from the hormonal excitement. Why was his body reacting like this? He took a deep breath and turned to Justin. How did you do this? he asked, furtively glancing at Rina. Reeling back was not easy.
What you call Pril can do amazing things. Cellular regeneration is just one of them.
I thought it was Mom, said Rina looking at Justin.
No, baby, its been me all along, he said. Mary was the one who insisted on not telling you sooner. She felt your life would be simpler if you believed you were an Earth-human. He lovingly touched her cheek. We had planned on telling you before you turned twenty-one, but with your mothers death I put it off. Forgive me, sweetheart.
I guess you did what you thought was best, she said. Then she noticed the blood. Your shoulderyoure hurt.
Bauman shot me but thanks to the ring, my wound is healed. Im okay.
Good, she said. Now tell me, where am I from?
Youre from a planet called Verlea, said Justin, three hundred galaxies from here.
Three hundred? reiterated Kalin.
Yes, a short trip.
Thats amazing, Dad. So the stories were real.
Yes, they were real, said Justin. Your Earth-human mother, Mary, wanted you to know your heritage. Your real mother, Eliana, and I chose Earth because of the quality of people, knowing we could easily protect ourselves and meld into their way of life. Our galaxy had several civilizations just aching to get their hands on Verlean technology, so when the planet exploded, we knew we were targets if anyone discovered wed survived. Therefore, Earth and the seclusion of the Rocky Mountains seemed a good place to start anew, but then our guidance system failed.
You were three months old when we crashed at night not far from here. The ship broke in half, exposing the cockpit. I was thrown from the vessel but Eliana was badly injured and on the second level with you. She wrapped you in a fireproof blanket and tossed you to me. I ran several hundred feet away and placed you in a safe area then hurried back to save her. Verlean ships were designed to inhibit a mass explosion, vaporizing instead of creating more damage, and Eliana disintegrated along with the ship.
Mary witnessed the whole event and decided to help you and me. Eventually, I fell in love with her. She insisted she be the one to tell you Verleas history so if the government ever became suspicious of aliens living amongst us, she wanted them to suspect her, knowing her anatomy would prove otherwise. I didnt want to put her in that kind of danger but she was stubborn. Wayne was the only person who ever suspected anything odd about you, so I used the Rycon to alter his thoughts.
You mean the guy with the blue hair? asked Kalin.
Yes, said Justin. Rinas punches that threw him twenty feet back are what made him suspicious. No harm was done and he retained all his memories.
You can actually change single thoughts? asked Kalin. Even memories?
Yes, but I dont like doing it. No ones mind should ever be tampered with.
So whats the real name of Pril? asked Rina.
Its called Rycon and Ill teach you how to use it.
Kalin gazed up at the sky and wondered if Vorkis was dead.
Shooting into a teleporter beam sometimes worked, sometimes it didnt. He closed his eyes as the aching in his heart began again. The nightmares are going to haunt me forever.
He felt Justins hand touch his shoulder.
I know what its like to lose your family and your people, said Justin.
No one could ever feel what Ive been through, said Kalin.
Rina and I are the last of our race, explained Justin. Three hundred and fifty billion Verlean-humans died because twelve people made the wrong decision. The pain will always be there, Kalin, but with time, it will subside enough to let you live a normal life.
My little sister died in my arms, said Kalin, wanting the pain in his chest to stop. Nothing will erase that memory.
Before my ship vaporized, Eliana shouted she loved me and asked me to care for our baby. 
He stopped talking and closed his eyes. Kalin sensed his hurt. 
Justin looked at him again and continued, She knew it was her end and there was nothing I could do to save her. I had warned the Verlean Council the planetary shield would fail against an explosive Resdin comet that size; its mass was enormous. They laughed at me and said I was crazy. Three days later, Verlea exploded. There were times I wanted to create a Time Teleporter and kill the Council, but I would have changed history and altered my future, my daughters futurea worse mistake than theirs. You, on the other hand, are Saleras future and history. You alone have the chance to make your planet better than before, make it more glorious. Enjoy your heritage and the world you were raised on. This is your moment, your time, Kalin. Make the most of it.
Justins words reminded Kalin of his father, Altor, who many times was reasonable, confident, a man who instilled hope and courage, a true leader.
Can I actually live a normal life? thought Kalin. 
Marante was right. Revenge had overtaken him. He was willing to let a whole civilization die just to kill one man. How could he have let himself get this far? In all his missions with the Federation, not once had he ever considered allowing even one death, never mind the deaths of so many. He was a Saleran, a savior of lives, not a mass murderer. Remorse began to set in.
Im sorry, Kalin, said Rina. I wish there was a way to fix this.
She had the most beautiful face hed ever seen.
Im just glad youre alive, he said. Im sorry for risking the lives of you and your world. No death is worth him.
Marantes voice came over the Comlink. Captain, we have a problem.
Kalin inhaled a deep breath, feeling his inner strength return.
So much for pain and sorrow, he said. Go.
Four armed missiles have been launched from an orbiting probe. Their trajectory will take them to a terra lesion zone approximately one thousand miles southeast of you. If they impact, over twenty million will die.


CHAPTER 33
Rina

I am on the Ignis and on my way down to you, said Marante. Communication with the Quasar is inoperative. Due to the primitive technology of the missiles, the Neuron Field will have no effect on them. There is a huge gathering of sorts at the intended target. These people will die if we cannot stop the missiles.
Can we listen in on the gathering? asked Justin aloud.
Who is this? asked Marante.
Im Rinas father, Justin.
Pleasure to meet you, Sir. I am connecting with the broadcast.
...And this day will be remembered forever as the day that every nation on this planet willingly gathered together to peacefully unite this world.
Clapping hands and loud cheers were audible.
Its the Peace Conference, said Justin as he glanced at Rina. Every national official is there. Its got to be Bauman. His original plan failed and now hes going after all of them. Can you detonate the missiles in the sky, Marante?
Im afraid not, Sir. The Neuron Field will neutralize our weapons.
How about remotely adjusting their guidance systems? said Rina.
The Neuron Field will prevent that too, said Kalin. All our weapons are useless. Were going to have to think of another way.
The Ignis, thought Rina. A ship. 
How big are your docking bays? she asked.
Whats that got to do with this? asked Kalin.
Just answer the question; how big are your docking bays?
Big enough to hold a few Earth buildings. How is
How strong are the metals on that ship? she asked.
Strong enough to withstand the heat of level one sun, said Kalin. Why are you asking?
Rina grabbed his arm; he needed to stop talking. Marante, are the missiles on a single line trajectory?
Yes, he answered.
Wait a minute..., said Kalin, furrowing his brow in thought. Are you thinking what Im thinking?
Your REM was powerful enough to create a planet tunnel into the core, said Rina. Can it handle the explosions of four nuclear bombs?
Maybe, said Kalin. His thoughts were racing now.
You are both out of your minds, said Marante. There is an eighty percent probability we will not survive.
Its the only plan weve got, said Kalin. He winked at Rina and made that stupid smile. 
Marante, whats their ETA?
Five minutes, Captain.
Whats your ETA?
From out of nowhere, a door began lowering behind them. No other sign of a vessel was visible. The light was almost blinding. Atop the ramp, Rina saw the silhouette of Marantes angular frame.
Good, said Kalin, grabbing Rinas hand. Lets go.
Wait, she said, lifting the box of Rycon.
Kalin, said Justin, were talking about four, fifty-kiloton nuclear missiles the size of small buildings. Are you sure the docking bays can handle that kind of fire power?
Kalin tapped his Comlink and an enormous silver sphere appeared above the house. Its circumference took in their whole field of vision, shadowing the mountaintop and mirroring its surroundings.
Justins stare went up the giant craft. Thatll do, he said. It vanished again except for the ramp.
What about Vurro? asked Rina, clutching the box.
Vurros in a low orbit around the planet, said Justin. The Rycon Sphere will keep him safe until we pick him up.
Lets go, said Kalin. There isnt much time.
Quickly! said Marante, waving them in.
As they ascended towards Marante, Rina watched her fathers worried expression change into wonderment as he gazed at the Chaslean-human.
Pleasure to meet you, Marante, said Justin, shaking his hand.
The pleasure is all mine, Sir, said Marante. We must hurry.
Kalin held Rinas hand as they ran down the blue-carpeted hallways. A light scent of gardenias perfumed the air. On the ceiling and walls were murals of Novas, Pulsars, and every type of astro phenomenon. 
This is beautiful, she thought, and wondered if the dcor of the Quasar was similar. 
The brief stay in the Med Lab hadnt allowed her time to examine her surroundings.
The Ignis is your premium class star cruiser, said Kalin. Its small compared to the Quasar, but itll suffice.
Small, thought Rina. Holy cow.
In the semi-lit bridge, everything was shiny black except for the colorful orbs on the control console. They dotted the area like sparkling gems.
Holo orbs, she thought.
Hovering in front of the console were three white cushions. Kalin sat on the middle one and Marante seated to his left. The cushions instantly grew and molded to their bodies, creating armrests and high backs. The lights dimmed.
Kalin tapped an orb and on the black wall facing them a gold liquid gathered in the center then burst into an array of colored lights. A twenty-by-thirty-foot, three-dimensional picture formed, displaying her house and grounds. No fluctuations or any discolorations were present; it was as if she could reach out and touch her favorite tree. Marante was manipulating a holo. The technology was incredible. Her father had an ear-to-ear grin.
The screen split in two. On one side were the missiles; the other half showed her house shrinking in size as they rose into the atmosphere. They must have been traveling at a tremendous speed but there was no physical stress from the G-forces. The engines were barely audible. If it werent for the screen, she would have never known they were airborne.
Impact in less than ninety seconds, said Marante, studying a holo.
Kalin waved his hand over another orb and a holo revealed the trajectory of the missiles. She leaned on the back of his chair, observing him as he moved his finger through the holo, touching wisps of numbers. She felt the slight turn of the ship. He had adjusted their course.
The holos have to be biochemical-reactive, she thought, possibly epicritic. Wow.
If the REM doesnt react in time, said Kalin, well be incinerated.
Have you ever done this before? she asked.
No, he said, focused on the screen. If this works, itll go down in the books as the Rina Crunch. Were coming up on the missiles.
I have merged docking bays six and seven, said Marante, working his holo. The REM will automatically shield the area after the missiles enter and before the doors close. Purging of radioactive materials will commence immediately after detonation. Captain, there is a slight chance the Neuron Field may interfere with the ships REM.
I know, said Kalin. Either way, this is going to hurt.
Rina glanced over at Marantes holo, which showed the inside of a long, wide-open room. He wasnt kidding about the size; three Empire State buildings could fit.
Ten seconds to impact, said Marante.
Sound off, said Kalin. Justin, belt yourself in.
Justin took the box of Rycon from Rina. Ill hold it, he said, and sat on the cushion to the right of Kalin.
Kalin pulled Rina on his lap and wrapped his arms around her. The armrests snuggled them in place.
Are these chairs safe? she asked. Floating things never made her feel safe.
Of course, he said. Theyre designed to keep you secure in the event of a crash.
Great. Now ease up on your grip. Its too tight.
Kalin rested his chin on her shoulder, rubbing her cheek with his.
Whats wrong? he said, smiling and squeezing harder. Never had a guy caress you before?
He was doing it again. Aggravating her to the point where she wanted to bust his lip.
Four-three-two-one! said Marante.
With a deafening boom, the ship jerked back and everyone screamed. Jagged sparks flew across the recessed orbs. The vessel rumbled with the wild shock waves. The liquid screen went flying into the air in all directions. Panels burst from the sidewalls setting off mini fires. Automatic extinguishers clicked on, snuffing out the flames. Kalin tapped a yellow orb and it exploded, sending shards of glass into the palm of his hand.
This is it, Rina thought, were dead.
Suddenly, all was quiet. The floating gold liquid swished back to the wall, forming a picture of the docking bay where dark smoke blocked the view. She heard the faint whisper of exhaust fans removing the heavy smoke from the bridge.
Did we do it? asked Rina, coughing, or are we all going to die from radiation poisoning in three months?
The REM shield initiated two millionths of a second before the weapons detonated, said Marante. It worked.
Rina stood up and shouted, Yes!
She jumped back into Kalins lap and started kissing his face with joy.
We did it! she said, looking into his green eyes. You did it. She wrapped her arms around him and squeezed.
Rina, he said softly. As much as Im enjoying this, remember the Im only a man part?
She gasped and scurried off his lap. Sorry, she said. I got excited.
So did I, he said, trying to steady his breathing. You really are a hot babe, he added, swiping cold sweat off his brow with the back of his injured hand.
Youre hurt, she said, taking his hand and examining the pieces of glass jutting out from his bleeding cuts. We need more Sarvins. I used the last ones on you.
Im all right, he said. Ive had worse.
Justin approached them and touched Kalins arm. The wounds on his hand began to heal. The pieces of glass pushed out of his skin and clinked as they hit the floor. Rina stared in awe.
Sarvins would take at least a minute to heal these deep cuts, said Kalin, rubbing his palm. These wounds have completely healed within seconds. I can only imagine what else Rycon can do.
Its capabilities are far greater than what you or Marante can imagine, said Justin. Your science doesnt even come close to what Rycon can do. Its like nothing youve ever seen before.


CHAPTER 34
Bauman

One man to rule them all, thought Bauman, and my private army will see to it.
Snuggling into his plush leather chair, he smiled at the man reflected in the wall mirror. He would soon be the most powerful person on Earth with an arsenal befitting a small country. He stood and checked himself in the mirror. Aside from his slight paunch, the maroon tunic and black pants made him appear strong and fit. He adjusted his wide ebony belt and straightened his sidearm. 
Ready.
His walk down the long hallway past the crews quarters and the mess hall. He reached the lounge and stopped; his gaze went beyond the OPC and all the way into the cockpit. The ten men aboard were performing perfectly and, considering the minor setback, everything was going well.
Sir! said Rick, his voice up a notch. Two G-5 Eagle jets are demanding we head for Area 51 in Nevada. What are your orders?
What? asked Bauman, shocked. How in the world did they find us?
He furtively glanced between the portholes. The two jets were flying on both sides of them in escort formation. 
Not me!
He hurried to the OPC and pressed a speaker button above Ricks head.
This is General Theodore Bauman, Secretary of Defense. To whom am I speaking?
Captain Brian Daniels, Sir. Our orders are to escort you to Area 51. Do you comply?
No! said Bauman. We do not comply! Our mission is of absolute secrecy, and youre blowing it to pieces. Return to your base! Thats an order!
There was silence. Were they onto him? It didnt matter; it ended here.
Our orders come directly from the President, said Daniels. We are to escort you to Area 51. Do you comply?
Bauman refused to answer. He was aware of the procedure; they had to ask him three times for compliance, and if the response was negative or mute, theyd use physical force. He turned to Rick. 
Launch Streamer Jaunt.
Aye, Sir.
Bauman heard the hum of the doors opening beneath the aircraft. Two thumping sounds vibrated the floor. Ricks monitor showed nebulous yellow balls bursting from below the jet laterally. The Eagles tried to swerve away but were hit broadside. Sparks and bolts of electricity engulfed the vessels, then faded away in streaks of light.
Bauman went to the lounge area and sat in a chair, observing the two jets struggle in the air. Nothing would save them, not even their ejection seats. Rinas virus was the best. The aircrafts swayed side-to-side, their engines sputtering to the many attempts by the pilots to ignite them. Slowly the noses of the jets slid earthward and they started their descent. Their speed increased as they plummeted towards the water below, spinning wildly. The high-pitched whirring sounds decreased with distance from the DD-10, until the two crafts crashed into the Caribbean Sea.
He rested back, concerned. Rick had initiated the jamming frequencies of this DD-10, yet no alarm sounded a breach. Was it sabotage? Did Larson know about Blythen? The Mariana?
Sir! said Rick, frantically typing. The missiles have vanished!
Bauman jumped out of his seat and dashed to Ricks side. 
What is going on here? he said, looking over Ricks shoulder. Four nuclear missiles just dont disappear.
Without any warning, the jet went dark; all power had turned off. Bauman heard the whine of the engines shutting down. Alarms and red emergency lights blinked on throughout the craft. Bauman grabbed a ceiling handle as the jet listed to one side. They were going down. Suddenly, the lights and power came back on and the engines roared again.
Our course has changed, Sir, said Rick. Were heading for Area 51.
They knew! Desperate to stop them, Bauman drew his pistol and stormed into the cockpit with the gun hidden behind him.
I did not give an order to change course!
Both pilots were startled.
The jet is being controlled, Sir, said the pilot. We cant maneuver.
Liar! yelled Bauman. Youre working for them.
He swung the gun out and fired into the pilots face. Blood and brains splattered the instrument panel. Bauman aimed the gun at the co-pilot.
Turn this jet around now! he demanded.
Sir! shouted Rick from the OPC. We have President Larson on the com. He says its urgent.
Youve got until the end of my conversation with Larson to adjust our course, said Bauman, or its over for you.
Yes, Sir! said the frightened man, who started pressing buttons and flipping switches.
Bauman stuffed the gun into his holster and returned to the OPC. Rick moved to the next station and Bauman sat, pushing away the thin strands of tousled hair that had fallen across his brow. He nodded to Rick. Payton appeared, dressed in his blue Naval uniform. His silver hair was thick and wavy, almost bushy in appearance, as were his wild eyebrows.
Its over, Ted, said Payton. They got us.
Two men grabbed Paytons arms and yanked him from his seat. President Albert Larson took his place, a perfectly groomed Afro-American who should have never made the Presidency. Larson knew nothing of how to run a country, how to enforce the laws, and especially how to reel the power he commanded. Why, hed even appointed spics and chinks to his cabinet, saying a variety of different backgrounds would enlighten the decision-making process.
Weve received a report from Intel and its been confirmed, said Larson. You, the Admiral, and your men are facing serious charges of murder and treason. Why did you kill those men in the jets? They were acting on my orders.
I didnt, Sir, said Bauman. Theres a logical explanation and it wasnt us. This is going to be easy. We are not traitors and I can prove everything.
How is that possible? asked Larson. We saw what you did, Ted. Youre not the only one with a satellite uplink. According to thishe skimmed through the pages in his hand, his reading glasses perched on the tip of his wide noseyou and Payton collaborated with Hans Steinman to create over four hundred nuclear missiles, thus breaking all the laws of the Nuclear Arms Agreement. You hired Frank Bollen, the most notorious criminal of the century, to steal the plans for you and, thanks to your emails, hes been arrested. Your days are over, General. You are hereby stripped of all command. Ten more fighters are on their way to escort you to Area 51. First sign of resistance and theyll shoot you down.
Bauman stared at Larson wanting to maim him. The thought of a man whose ancestors were slaves holding the highest office in the world was all he could take. His face flushed with anger, his fists tightening to the rage inside him.
Nobody strips me of my command, said Bauman, leaning into the monitor, you lame, weak-minded nigger. You and your kind deserve to die. Only the white man has the right to live on this planet. My New Continuum has thousands of members. You can never stop us.
We already have, said Larson. The connection was terminated.
Hi, butthead.
Bauman quickly straightened up, startled by the familiar voice. Rina was standing in the lounge.
Is my mind playing tricks on me?
His men were on their feet, gaping at her. Theyre seeing her too. She was still wearing the same jean shorts and red T-shirt.
Youre not real, he said, staring with curiosity. Youre dead at the bottom of the Mariana Trench.
Guys usually tell me Im beautiful, she said, laughing. Youre the first fat oaf to say I look dead. So tell me, how does it feel to lose?
Bauman shook his head. This cant be real. He eyed the men standing around him. One of them is pulling this trick. Theyll have to be eliminated.
Your men didnt do this, Bauman, she said, so leave them alone.
His breath stopped in his chest. Shed read his mind.
Your private Command Center back there has a nice log of everything youve done through the years, she said, including the names of all the people youve killed to cover up your plan. I sent the file to President Larson. The world knows what you did, Bauman. Its over.
Bauman quickly drew his gun and fired pointblank into Rinas chest. The bullet passed through her, creating circling waves of white, then lodged into the far wall.
You really are brainless, she said. Im a hologram, and yes, Im very much alive. Get over it, Bauman; you lost.
The aliens, he thought with a sudden, pervasive sense of failure. Only they could have saved her, and their technology was assuredly too advanced for him. However, he was a general in this mans Army and no one would ever take him down. He stiffened up and glared into her eyes. There was one last chance and distraction was the key.
All weapons on this jet have been disabled, she said. Dont even think of using the Keldin Pulse again.
He raised his clenched fists and roared at the top of his lungs until his chest sank in from the lack of air. Rick and the other men vaulted from their seats and ran into the lounge. Bauman picked up the keyboard across from Ricks station and bashed it through the monitor, causing smoke and sparks to shoot out. He shouted obscenities as he punched and kicked anything within reach, slicing his knuckles and bleeding profusely. Out of options, he leaned on Ricks chair, heaving from exhaustion, succumbing to defeat. The flames behind him had subsided, leaving burnt, smoldering equipment.
The President is anxious to arrest you so we decided to help, she said. Were going to momentarily black out the lights of the Peace Conference and when they come back on, you and the hood will be standing on the main stage in front of twelve thousand people dressed only in your underwear and socks. The MPs and the Secret Service will be all over you like white on rice. Hows that for a grand ending?
The holograms of Justin and Shiro appeared standing next to Rina.
And if youre not wearing underwear, so be it, said Shiro, grinning wide, commando makes a better comedy show.
Bauman was speechless. All those who couldve stopped him, did and for the first time in his life, there was nothing he could do. It was over. However, he would not be humiliated. He took the gun from his holster and raised it to his temple, closing his eyes.
After your attempt to shoot me, said Rina, all guns were disabled. Suicide is too easy an out for a murderer like you.
He opened his eyes in distress and pulled the trigger. An empty click sounded.
And one more thing..., said Justin.
The last thing Bauman saw was Justins fist heading for his face.


CHAPTER 35
Rina

It was a calm, light-jacket day, the air crisp and clean. Rina was sitting atop the hillside overlooking the City of Light. Except for the hundreds of dried-up trees within and around the city, Salera was beautiful. The pink-purple sky with its three suns reflected the brilliant rainbow colors of the odd-shaped buildings, sparkling as if covered with diamonds. Light purple-colored grass and dazzling flowers covered the mountainside.
This place must have been awesome in its heyday, she thought.
She glanced back at the Krystal Palace, an enormous white structure rivaling any castle on Earth. Even from the distance of two miles, it was clearly the center of authority on Salera. Its height was well over a thousand feet with twenty turrets rising into the clouds. Kalin refused to enter the palace and, in fact, wouldnt allow anyone entrance. He said for now he wanted the palace and its grounds to remain as they were. 
His pain is so deep, she thought, and expected.
Hed ordered another ship, smaller than the Ignis, to be docked on the surface as their living quarters, a sphere-shaped vessel called the Ristan. At half a mile wide, it resembled a small, opal-colored moon hovering just above the grass. Everyone respected Kalins wishes, including Rina, even though it gnawed at her not to see the inside of the palace. It was magnificent.
Her thoughts returned to Earth. The news said the planet had been stable for over six weeks. She wondered how the Oridians were dealing with the new devices they couldnt reach because of REM shields.
Shiro was lying on the grass next to her with his hands clasped behind his head. Nearby, an immense tree whose breadth was close to the size of a football field stood lifeless, layers of white bark peeling off, its leaves long gone from the hefty branches.
It must have provided good shade at one time.
Let me get this straight, said Shiro. What youre saying is that on Earth, your dad couldnt find the ore he needed to create the perfect Seismic Depth Locator, so instead, he used the Rycon to alter a metal close enough to its properties and thus was able to invent the SDL. But why stop there? He couldve kept going with even more super inventions.
Because Earth-humans need to progress at their own rate, she said, and not be handed powerful devices that could be used to destroy life.
So why didnt he heal himself after Bauman shot him?
Because he wasnt wearing the ring at the time.
Aah...I see. Hey, look at that. He pointed up. A fireball shot across the sky.
A meteor? she thought. Or is it Dad?
Justin was ecstatic when Kalin gave him the Ignis. This was the happiest shed ever seen him and it was hard to keep him out of the ship. He said the vessel needed a major upgrade, which kept him busy. On rare occasions, he actually left the ship to spend time with her. Marante never left his side, always studying, constantly amazed at the new sciences he was learning.
Two months ago, life was simple; now it was full of wonders. Justin said her Verlean chemistry was beginning to assert itself. Her senses were becoming keener, sharper, and this she liked.
She heard footsteps from behind. It was Kalin. He plopped down beside her. Although he was the most pig-headed man shed ever met, he was definitely a looker. He was sitting with one leg bent inward, the other stretched out straight as he leaned on his side facing her. Not wanting him to know she was checking him out, she shifted her eyes without turning her head.
Kalin was a physically perfect man with thick beautiful black hair down to his shoulders, radiant green eyes, bulging muscles aching to be touched and a gorgeous smile to make any woman melt. So why didnt she have feelings for him? Was she abnormal? Hed saved Earth and millions of people, so what was wrong with her? It had to be the tons of women hed had in the past. The thought of living with a man whose eyes couldnt stay focused was something she could not accept. Kalin was a womanizer and there was no way shed hook up with a guy like him. He ran his fingers through his black hair. 
Still...he is gorgeous.
So what gives, beautiful? he said.
She hated the mindless nametags. They were more proof of his womanizing.
Whatever happened, she said, I didnt do it.
He laughed aloud. So you admit you may have started something.
Yeah, she said, chuckling. Its my way.
He scooted closer and an uneasy feeling shot through her. His scent was light and airy, sort of like the famous Veltar Cologne on Earth. Dense black lashes surrounded his green eyes, where splashes of light brown made the perfect blend for seduction.
We have to talk about us, he said softly.
Yeah, okay, said Shiro, standing up and not bothering to brush off his khaki pants, a definite sign his OCD had diminished. Ill see you guys later.
Youre leaving? she asked, trying not to reveal her desperation. You dont have to go. Whatever Kalin has to say, you can hear.
Ugh...no thanks, he said, his eyes on Kalin.
She quickly turned to Kalin, who immediately stopped shaking his head and smiled at her. He was trying to get her aloneagain. His many attempts to corner her in private had failed with her many excuses. She was trying to avoid the discussion of their being a twosome, but alas, it had to happen. Truth was, her life was too busy for her to get involved with anyone, and besides, becoming the latest addition to Kalins list of used women was out of the question.
Fine, she said, not taking her eyes off Kalin. Ill see you later, Shiro. 
She heard Shiros footsteps fading away.
Absolutely no way, Kalin.
You dont know what I was going to say, he said, annoyed. Stop being so presumptuous.
Okay, she said, folding her arms across her chest. Speak.
I was wondering, Ms. Know-it-all, if you would accompany me to a formal ball were going to have on the Quasar?
She felt her breath catch in her chest. That wasnt what shed expected. She felt stupid and the smirk on his face made it worse. He was enjoying her downfall.
Is this what all the fuss was about? she said. A date? Why did you make it sound so serious?
It is serious, he said. Its my coronation as King of Salera and I cant imagine going with anyone but you.
She couldnt help a smile. So its not really an official date, its more like an escort. Right?
Kalin sighed and looked away. There was something he wasnt telling her. She wondered if her empath abilities were strong enough to delve into Kalins emotions. She was still learning this new power but she had to try anyway. Kalin was looking the other way and she needed his attention on her.
Kalin, she said, are you all right?
Yeah, he said, turning to her. Im fine.
This was it. She focused on his eyes and stopped abruptly, almost jolting back. He had strong feelings for her! Immediately, she turned away, embarrassed by what shed discovered. She felt his two fingers on her chin, shifting her face towards him.
I guess its all out in the open now, he said. Its more than an escort, Rina. I want it to be an official date, and not the only one.
Kalin, she said, hoping her words wouldnt hurt too much. I...you...there are too many women in your life. It goes against everything I believe in. Ill go with you to the ball but it ends there. Im sorry.
Kalins eyes turned into menacing slits. I knew youd be stubborn. Look, it took a long time but I learned my lesson. Youre the only girl Ill ever trust and Id be happy with only you. Use your empathic powers again, search inside me; youll see Im telling the truth.
She hesitated. Back on the Quasar when hed confronted Ilya, she had sensed his feelings for the bimbo. He was hurt by what shed done, but not badly.
Because I wanted you then, he said in her mind.
Quit reading my mind, she said, irritated.
Sorry, Im a little desperate. Ill stop for now.
Kalin was staring at her with eyes of want but she knew, with a womanizer, there was always doubt as to sincerity.
Okay, she said. I will search your mind, but if I find even the slightest suspicion, Im going to beat you up.
Go for it.
His calm demeanor made her uncomfortable. She unwillingly got to her knees, sat back on her calves, then cupped her hands around his face, glaring into his eyes. He didnt flinch. Colorful waves of truth and honesty flowed through his soul like soft glowing wisps of air. Warmth and caring filled his thoughts, thoughts that centered on herand only her. She pulled away, upset with what shed found. He wasnt lying.
So, how about it, Rina?
Itll never work, she said, searching for another excuse. I...it...your Queen has to be able to have your kids. I cant. She let out a heavy sigh, grateful she remembered the second most important reason not to get involved with him.
A voice came from behind them. We need to talk.
It was her dad, and by the way he was strutting, it couldnt be good. He signaled for her to slide over so he could sit between them.
What are you up to? she asked, moving aside.
Its time you both knew the truth, said Justin.
He pulled a black, flat shiny scanner from his jeans pocket and tapped the miniature yellow orb. A three-dimensional holo of Rina rose up. Scrolling data was beside her form.
Perfect, he said with a wide grin.
What kind of scanner is that? she said, leaning close to study it.
Its a Bruet Scanner, said Kalin. Its named after the Saleran who invented it. When its used on this planet, it automatically hooks into the main frame of the Great Hall of Knowledge, which in turn amplifies its power. A normal scanner will decipher what Earth-humans call DNA, but a Bruet Scanner will go further, breaking down the DNA all the way to when conception took place.
This was a Bruet Scanner, Justin corrected. Now its Verlean. It doesnt need the Great Hall. It can do everything on its own.
Cool, said Kalin, eyeing the device.
The holo shifted to a minute gland deep within Rinas cerebellum. Shiro and Marante sat on the grass in front of them with big smiles on their faces.
This is really bad, she thought. Her stomach twisted into knots.
Why are you scanning Rina? asked Kalin.
Let me start at the beginning, said Justin. Verlean-humans are just like Saleran-humans; we cant procreate outside our kind. As the head of the Research Department on Verlea, I began testing the secretions of over two thousand glands found in Verlean women. The Alitary Gland was always thought to control passion and was so minute in mass it had been overlooked in our studies. The hormone it secretes is called Proxium and does indeed contain the secrets to genetic reproduction. All the tests confirmed a slight increase in the output would allow females to procreate with any human race. Unfortunately, our test subjects were older in age and we didnt get the results we wanted. Although a few Verlean women were able to reproduce outside our species, they bore children who couldnt, hence Saleran-humans.
Kalin instantly sat up straight. What? Are you saying Salerans are descendants of Verleans?
Rina felt as if her bottom jaw had hit the ground.
Yes, said Justin, shifting his stare at Rina. When we realized the experiment had failed we decided to genetically alter a Verlean embryo within one week of conception, an easy process, and it was a complete success. Proxium levels in the patient would not increase until she passed the age of twenty-one, which is why I had to wait to tell you, Rina. I had to make sure it worked.
Me? said Rina, perturbed at the thought. You experimented on me? Your only child? How could you?
I would never hurt my baby girl. DNA alteration is an simple procedure but should only be done when absolutely necessary. The lives of Verlean-humans were becoming stagnant; our society was falling into listlessness. Everything that could have been invented was, and the joy of living was slowly dwindling. Because of this, the Council approved the procedure. Eliana, your Verlean mother, insisted her daughter be the first Verlean with this gift. He slid his finger through the holo.
According to this, your Proxium is at its highest level and will remain there. Youre the only one who can pass on our genetic code. He smiled wide. I cant wait for grandchildren.
Kalins mouth went from an open gape to a wide smile. He jumped to his feet and shouted, Yes!
Wait! said Rina, raising her hand to stop him from jumping up and down. Back up! Dad, are you saying I can have Saleran children?
Yes, and true Salerans, right down to the DNA. You see, you have two wombs; one will carry our race and the other can carry the race of any known human. In other words, you can bear the child of any human male. And you will be the one to determine the gender, a trait we kept from our Verlean chemistry.
Thats impossible, she said.
Sweetheart, said Justin, dont base what you know on Earth-human knowledge. This is Verlean science and, yes, it is possible. Youre living proof.
Does that mean shell have twins every time she conceives? asked Shiro.
Possibly, but we wont know for sure until it happens, said Justin.
Rina let her breath out in one whoosh and closed her eyes, trying to relax. Bringing back life to an empty planet was not in her future plans, yet it would be a sin to ignore the possibility. Could she live with the guilt of letting Salera die, or perhaps go thousands of years with no life? She gazed at the City of Light and imagined what it looked like filled with people living everyday life.
It was beautiful, said Marante, his voice low in solemn respect, the most beautiful city I had ever seen in my travels. Do you see this lifeless tree next to us? He pointed. And those about the city? They are Gebin Trees and were once filled with red and yellow leaves the size of chairs. They are a special type of plant that thrives on Exomones, a scent secreted into the air when humans are content. His voice softened and he gazed again at the city. Salera was such a peaceful world. There was no unhappiness here. For over five thousand years, the Gebin Trees flourished on Saleras joy until the unthinkable happened. Now they are asleep, waiting for life to return.
She sensed Marantes inner sadness. Could she give up the rest of her life for Kalin? For Salera? This real Kalin was mature, responsible and a definite hero, the kind you dont give up. He was talking to Marante, smiling and laughing, just beaming with joy. The whole idea was beginning to overwhelm her and she struggled to slow down her breathing.
Its okay, said Justin, who wrapped his arm around her. Relax. No one is going to try to talk you into staying here except Kalin. However, this is your choice, your life; no one can make that decision for you. Whatever you decide, Ill back you up one hundred percent. I just want you to take time to think about it. Its an important decision that only you can make.
Its such a huge responsibility, she said, hearing her voice crack. Id... Id have to give up my whole life and....
Wait, said Kalin, who quickly sat down beside her.
He pushed the hair away from her face and gently slid his fingers across her cheek. His touch was warm and...forever with him? she thought. How? Id kill him.
Hear me out, he said. I know weve had our differences in the past but there isnt anything that cant be resolved if we both work together. Were intelligent people, Rina, we know better.
Did he just actually make sense?
He continued, And I also know the scientist in you is very much alive. It would be wrong on my part to hinder your love of learning, so Ive just decided a tour of the galaxies is in order. After were married, well take the Quasar and go wherever you want. Youll see astonishing things, meet hundreds of intelligent life forms that are so different, youll wonder how theyre alive at all. Ever been to...what do Earth-humans call it? A...black hole?
Her jaw hit the ground again.
We can enter them, he said, and yes, there are life forms living within these dark places and I can introduce you to them. Youll be amazed at what they look like, but Im not going to tell you; Im going to show you. The point is, I will not suppress your love of knowledge. Theres so much for you to see and if learning makes you happy, Im good.
A black hole? said Shiro. Holy cow.
Kalin smiled his perfect smile. He was content with his plans and she had to admit it, his plans were good. The Quasar was beautiful. Learning the technology alone would keep her busy for years but...marriage?
Kalin, Im not ready for marriage...I dont...Im The right words werent coming out and she felt stupid. Nothing in life had prepared her for this. She couldnt let it happen. So she stiffened up and crossed her arms over her chest. Listen, I cant be the wife of a man Im not in love with. Dont take this wrong, Kalin, but your careless ways with women is not going to work for me. I cant and wont be the good little wife while you traipse around with other women. Youll land up dead and Ill be the one responsible for killing off the Saleran race.
Is that what youre worried about? he asked. You searched my heart and the only woman you found in there was you. I cant even think of anyone else, never mind want to be with them. To me, all those other women dont exist anymore. No one can or will ever take your place. Im yours forever.
Wow, said Shiro. Those are good words. I need to write this down. He whipped out a pen and pad from his pocket and started scribbling.
Uncertainty was still pounding inside her as she gazed into Kalins eyes. Her probing revealed he was telling the truth, but it was hard to accept. Could a womanizer actually fall in love and mean it? His heart was telling her it was.
Stay with me, Rina, said Kalin, taking her hand. Be my wife. Well think about kids later. Right now, I just want you.
Wait a minute, Kalin, said Shiro, raising his palm upright. You cant expect her to just jump into your arms. Shes her own person and you have to do this slowly. She said shes not in love with you and thats important to her. If you want her, youre going to have to work for her. Marriage will have to wait. End of story.
Hear, hear, said Marante. You are right, my friend. Patience, Kalin, and you will win her love.
Shiro had said exactly what she wanted to say and she wondered if he was empathic. Kalin was thinking hard, eyeing the two. She sensed his discontent. This was probably the first time hed ever had to work for a womans love.
Love has to be mutual for a marriage to work, said Justin. Rina needs time and youre going to give it to her if you want her as your wife.
Is this how you feel? asked Kalin.
Yes, she said, grateful he was complying and not being argumentative. Im willing to give you a chance and I say that with a crow bar in my hand. Dont blow it by wanting other women or its over, and Ill know if you do.
Kalin glared at her. He was not happy. I cant believe that after all weve been through, you still dont trust me. I trust you with all my heart, but what choice do I have? If I dont agree, Ill lose you forever and... His voice softened. I cant do that. It would kill me. So, yes, Ill agree with your decision even though its upsetting.
Then its done, she said. And furthermore, no sex.
Kalins eyes opened wide. What? He stoodor rather, jumped to his feet. Youre kidding, right?
I think its a great idea, said Justin.
You dont understand, said Kalin, his breathing sped up. Ive had sex for over four hundred years and now you want me to just stop?
There are simple medications to assist you, my friend, said Marante, and none will cause you any harm.
Great, said Kalin, flustered by the comment.
What kind of medications? asked Rina, rising to her feet.
There are hundreds of natural pharmaceuticals designed to deaden the sex drive, said Marante, many of which were developed right here on Salera. He put his hand on Kalins shoulder. You will be fine, Prince Kalin, and your reward will be the repopulation of your world with the woman you love. A small price to pay for such happiness.
Kalin was still upset, but at least now he was breathing normally again. Marante always worked miracles.
I dont like it, he said, but again, what choice do I have? He turned to Rina. You win. Well do it your way.
No one claimed it was going to be easy, said Justin, but like Marante said, think of the future. Itll all be worth it.
Is kissing allowed? Kalin asked in an aggrieved tone.
Absolutely, said Justin. Just keep your pheromones in check. The saliva of a Verlean female is very powerful and one heavy kiss can send a man to his knees. I dont want my daughter to beat you up again, because she will.
Can I be alone with Rina? asked Kalin. We need to talk.
The men agreed. Marante tapped his Comlink and with a flash of light, the three teleported away. Kalin wrapped his hands around her waist and lifted her off the ground.
I suppose you think youre in control now, he said.
Ive always been in control.
She embraced him and kissed him hard. After a few seconds, he pushed her away, almost dropping her. He fell flat on his back, gasping for air.
You okay? she asked, pleased with the outcome.
He waved his hand, signaling her to wait for his response. A cold sweat was dripping down the sides of his puffy, red face.
Maybe I went too far, she thought, leaning down to examine him.
He was in bad shape. He swung his body up to sit again, frightening her, and she fell back on her rump.
You just remember, he said between breaths, Im King and youll do as I say. Just because Im madly in love with you and you have the body of a goddess doesnt mean Im going to let you rule.
She couldnt help a smile. Finally, a guy who didnt give in to her. 
Youre going to be the best King ever, but dont think Im going to be at your beck and call. I will not be a slave to any man.
With your right hook, how could any man survive making you a slave?
They both laughed and rose to their feet. Kalin gently took hold of her face and kissed her. Tingles began swirling up her torso as he wrapped his arms around her. Warm sensations seemed to excite every gland in her body. Did his saliva have power like hers? She couldnt be sure, but whatever it was, it was physical and he was causing it. He slowly ended their kiss.
Im so glad its you, he said, holding her face, his lips quivering. Tears began forming in his eyes. Ill be faithful, Rina Young. Thats a promise.
Yeah, she agreed. The effect of his kiss was still lingering, but what the heck, it was great. Now if he could only behave. 
I guess Saleras storm has been conquered.
He nodded in agreement then hugged her tight. Im still a little concerned about the possibility of Vorkis being alive, he said, caressing her tight and stroking her hair, but I will never allow him to control me again. Ill live my life my way and without him in it.
Brave words spoken by a true hero who has conquered his enemy.
She levitated herself off the ground and wrapped her arms around his neck.
You can levitate? asked Kalin, looking down at her feet.
Yeah, its something I discovered yesterday; so how about another kiss without the aphrodisiac?
Anything you say. You rule.
As they embraced, giant red buds began sprouting on the branches of the nearby Gebin Tree.


The End
