It is not power that corrupts, but fear. Fear of losing power corrupts those who wield it and fear of the scourge of power corrupts those who are subject to it.

-Aung San Suu Kyi, 1990

One

It had become too much about the scotch, Cav admitted with brutal honesty. Too much about relying on it to make it through the nights. Too much about craving it to help him deal with a life where the shots called him, instead of him calling the shots.

With a heavy breath, he leaned back in the mahogany and leather desk chair in the Jakarta mansion that had been his base of operations for the past six years. He slowly swiveled until he faced his office window, then rocked back and held the heavy-bottomed glass aloft, watching the sunlight play over the amber oblivion before indulging in another sip.

Yeah. Way too much about the scotch.

That was all about to change.

Everything was about to change.

Tomorrow morning he was going to give notice via his handler. After a decade and a half of being a good little spook, David Cavanaugh and the CIA were finally going to part ways.

It was past time.

He watched the ebb and flow of traffic shooting by the window and wondered why he didn't feel relief. Instead, ever since he'd made his decision, he'd been overrun with recurrent flashes of guilt. And, yeah, panic. What now? What next? Where did he go from here? What did he have left to give?

The sound of light footsteps on the polished teak floor brought his head around. He'd dismissed the two bodyguards that were a part of his cover earlier, but Dira, his aman, stood in the towering office doorway, the wide strap of her woven straw purse slung over her shoulder. The twelve-foot ceilings dwarfed the quiet Indonesian woman's five-foot stature.

"Is there anything else I can do for you, Mr. Windle?"

Frank Windle had been Cav's CIA cover for the past six years. Windle's expat, unprincipled venture capitalist persona came with this fully staffed luxury mansion, the personal bodyguards, a force of jangas-armed guards with dogs who patrolled the high cement wall surrounding the compound-and an expense account that would make the Prince of Wales weep with envy.

He'd come a long way since his initial CIA assignment in Ouagadougou, Africa, working undercover as a lowly U.S. embassy staffer and sharing a three-room tenement flat with fellow rookies Wyatt Savage and Joe Green. He lived in luxury in Jakarta now, and he regularly rubbed elbows with the scum of the earth.

"I'm good, Dira, thanks." He dismissed his longtime housekeeper with a soft smile. "Enjoy your evening."

He planned to enjoy his. Alone. With a farewell toast to both the Company and his love affair with Glenlivet.

With grim determination, he looked around the polished opulence of the wood-paneled room. He wouldn't miss the subterfuge, but he'd sure as hell miss this place. The spacious office was one of twenty luxurious rooms in a mansion that personified the historical Dutch East Indies architecture with its steeply pitched gables, large airy rooms, and soaring finials. The house was a jewel. Cool, airy, and regal... and living here had choked the life out of him.

He downed the last of the fine single malt and wondered how the Company would explain it when Windle, who'd made a name for himself as an unscrupulous player in not only the Indonesian but the international black market by being open to any number of illicit business transactions, made a sudden departure from Jakarta and cut off its intel pipeline.

The Company's problem, not mine.

Right. So why did a knot of anxiety tighten inside his chest like a fist? And, Jesus, why the guilt? He'd been a good Company man. He'd had plenty of incentives to flip and go over to the dark side. Lucrative incentives. And while he wasn't as naive about the international spy game as he had been when he'd first signed on to play, he was still a patriot. He didn't need to feel guilty about anything-not about his work, not about leaving. And yet...

"Screw it," he muttered. Screw the guilt. It was someone else's turn to run the gauntlet. He'd be thirty-five next month, and some days he felt as old as f**king Methuselah. It was the weight of those dead bodies and repeat adrenaline burns. He'd carried both as long as both his body and his soul could bear.

He rubbed at a scar on his right thigh, a memento from an AK-47 round in Beirut in '99. And whenever it rained his collarbone ached like hell from when he'd broken it escaping an op gone wrong in Mogadishu in '05.

His cell phone rang, Private Number showing on the readout. He'd personally fitted the security screens on his cell-this phone, even the CIA didn't know about-but just in case he answered with his cover. "Windle."

"Cav, it's Wyatt."

The chair creaked as Cav sank back. It had been months since he'd heard Wyatt Savage's soft southern drawl, yet his old friend was one of the few constants in Cav's history. He hoped that would be true in his future as well. In the spook world, where black and white too often bled into shades of gray, there had never been a question that Wyatt was also one of the good guys.

That didn't mean he couldn't give his old partner a hard time.

"Why is it that every time the phone rings and I hear your voice, I feel a knee-jerk reaction to say 'wrong number' and hang the hell up?"

"I need your help."

"Ah. That would be the reason." The last time Wyatt had enlisted Cav's help it had involved infiltrating a human trafficking ring, the takedown of a rat-bastard Chinese crime boss, and several blown-up buildings near the Jakarta wharfs.

"Look, Cav. I don't have a lot of time. So here's the quick and dirty."

"It's always quick and dirty with you, Savage." Just like Cav was always going to say yes to whatever Wyatt asked of him.

Over a decade and several dead bodies had stacked up since he, Wyatt, and Joe Green had guarded one another's backs in service to Uncle. While Wyatt and Joe had said hasta luego to the CIA several years ago and teamed up with Nate Black's private security and military contract firm, Black Ops, Inc., Cav had stuck with the Company. Until now.

"Cav... you still there?"

"Yeah. Yeah, I'm here," he said when he realized he'd lapsed into silence. He glanced toward the liquor cabinet. "What's going on?"

"Two days ago an American woman stepped off a plane in Mandalay, Myanmar, hired a taxi that let her off near her hotel downtown, and she hasn't been heard from since."

Cav reached absently for a pen, then flipped it back and forth between his fingers. "One of yours?" Black Ops, Inc. specialized in immobilizing bad guys on the international front.

"No. She's not with BOI. Carrie's a friend. And she's as green as the damn grass."

"What kind of friend?" Wyatt had gotten married last spring, yet he sounded damn rattled over this friend. Cav had missed the wedding. Like he'd missed many important events over the years, because he'd been embroiled in some covert op to gum up the works in a would-be tyrant's attempted coup to overthrow a U.S.-sanctioned government, or an op to intercept an arms shipment bound for a terrorist training camp, or a score of other missions that had kept him on the razor's edge of life or death. A lot of lives. A lot of deaths.

A lot of post-op scotch to blur the memories that hovered like ghosts around a crypt.

"Just a friend," Wyatt said, snapping Cav back. "I grew up with her. Our families go way back. She's a small-town hospital administrator. She wasn't prepared for Myanmar. She's never even been out of the States. Hell, for all I know, she's never been out of Georgia."

Cav could hear the desperation in Wyatt's voice.

"Her family begged me to talk her out of going, and I tried. Believe me. I tried to scare her smart. But there was no stopping her.

"Look"-he paused, and Cav could visualize his friend rubbing his brow with his index finger-"she's important to me, Cav. I'd be there in a heartbeat but Sophie... she's pregnant and... Christ, Cav." His voice broke and Cav sensed that what came next wouldn't be good.

"There are complications. We... we might lose the baby." His voice was thick with strain. "I can't leave her right now. The doctors say it's going to be touch and go for the next forty-eight to seventy-two hours."

"I'm sorry, man." Cav knew all about Sophie. One drunk midnight, shortly after the Company had paired them up as partners all those years ago, Wyatt had told him about the one who'd gotten away. Cav had been happy as hell when they'd finally found their way back to each other this past year. Now this tough break. One that was clearly tearing Wyatt apart.

Now he understood the reason for Wyatt's call. He couldn't go to Myanmar. Cav could. And he could get there a helluva lot faster from Jakarta than Wyatt could from Georgia.

"What's the word from our embassy?" he asked.

"They've got nothing. It's like she fell off the face of the earth. They've got calls in to both local and government officials, but so far it's clam city."

Cav listened intently while Wyatt gave him Carrie Granger's physical description.

"Let me make some calls. See what I can find out. I'll be back in touch."

"Thanks, man."

"Don't insult me." They'd been too much to each other to ever have to say those words.

"Right. Love you, too."

A quick smile curved Cav's lips as a glimpse of the Savage he knew finally surfaced. He disconnected, then started looking up old contacts who might have connections in Myanmar.

TWO HOURS AND several calls later, Cav still had nothing. In a city peopled with Asians, a slim, pretty, blue-eyed blonde, five foot seven or eight, should stick out like a square peg in a round hole. But he'd butted up against dozens of brick walls. No one had seen or heard anything about an American woman. This wasn't good.

Myanmar was a country where human rights-especially women's rights-were basically nonexistent, and this was starting to stink like a government cover-up. Which meant two things. One: Carrie Granger of Nowhere, Georgia, was in big, bad trouble. Two: Cav couldn't hang up his spy shoes just yet.

It was a full forty-eight long hours later before he finally managed to rattle the right chains and come up with some answers. He flipped open his phone and called Wyatt's number.

"I found her," he said without preamble when Wyatt picked up. "As far as I know, she's still alive."

"And the bad news?" Wyatt asked, too savvy to feel relief.

Cav glanced toward the window.

"You don't want hear the bad news."

Two

SOMEWHERE NORTH OF MNDALAY,

IN THE MOUNTAINOUS JUNGLES OF

THE SHAN PLATEAU NEAR MOGOK

Until last week, the closest Carrie Granger had come to a monsoon had been in the comfort of her living room, watching news footage on CNN. Detention camps where people were held with no shelter, their food tossed in through the bars of a crude wooden cage, were the stuff of documentaries exposing the horrors of third world injustice.

Until last week, she hadn't truly understood the term "living nightmare."

This week, after being herded into the back of a truck like cattle with several other prisoners, then traveling for hours over mountainous roads to this hellhole, it was far too clear.

She huddled into the corner of the make-shift outdoor cage that was her jail cell and new living quarters. She and a dozen captives-all of whom appeared to be Burmese and none of whom spoke English-had been forced to build the cage themselves at gunpoint when they'd arrived at the labor camp.

Their cage was identical to ten others, also filled with slave laborers, crowded along the mountainside. The bars were made of roughly cut wood that her jailers had hastily chopped from a stand of small trees. Her hands were still raw from the wood and hemp rope slivers she'd gotten lashing the poles together. The reward for their labor? Each night after they'd worked in the mud and the rock and the ruby mine for twelve or sometimes fourteen hours, they were shoved inside the seven by seven-foot cell like animals.

No roof. No shelter from the elements or the creepy crawlies that slithered out of the jungle edging the mining site.

Wet to the bone, Carrie dragged the sodden hem of her coarse work pants out of the mud and shivered against the unrelenting downpour. Even the vicious dogs that patrolled the site had better quarters.

She stared at the guard who took particular pleasure in shoving and hitting and prodding with the nose of his rifle. The one who had been watching her in a way that made her nauseous in anticipation of the day he decided he wanted more from her than endless days of hard labor.

Watch your back, you slimeball, she thought, before cutting her gaze away from where he stood under the shelter of a tree in the fading daylight, his back to her, his rifle slung over his bony shoulder. If he and his buddies force-marched them up the steep mountainside path into the mine tomorrow and he came within shoving distance, the little sadist was going to find himself on a fast ride to the bottom of the deep, rocky ravine.

Once, she would have felt guilty for having such horrible thoughts about another human being. That was before she'd experienced the depth of man's inhumanity to man.

Her belly growled with hunger. She tried not to think about it, or about the cuts and bruises on her body and her feet and the utter, consuming hopelessness that clogged her throat like a rock. Instead she thought of ruby slippers, a magic lantern, a get-out-of-jail-free card. Anything to keep her from dwelling on the dull, lifeless eyes of the others who shared this prison with her.

She'd settle for a rabbit hole in Wonderland. A frickin' time continuum. Please, God, anything to take her back in time to before she'd flown halfway across the world, wide-eyed and ready to embrace the first big adventure of her life-a humanitarian mission to help set up a dialysis unit in a rural Myanmar hospital.

Something to take her back to a time before she'd stepped out of a taxi onto a bustling, vital, wildly exotic city street, only to gasp in horror when she'd seen a young girl being beaten with the butt of a gun. She'd run to the girl's defense and been promptly arrested for "interference" in a police matter.

"You have been charged as an enemy of the state of Myanmar."

Verdict: guilty.

Sentence: ten years of hard labor.

She closed her eyes and dug deep to keep from giving in to burning tears as rain streaked down her face. Panic knotted in her chest, tight as a clenched fist.

Surely someone was looking for her. They had to be looking for her, right? Only how would they ever find her?

She clutched her hands together between her br**sts, wishing she hadn't been so thorough in her research. Wishing she didn't know that this country formerly known as Burma was the largest country in mainland Southeast Asia-260,000 square miles, much of it the dense, mountainous rain forest surrounding these mines. Wishing with all her heart that she'd listened to her family and Wyatt when they'd begged her not to go to this fascinating yet frightening place, where military rule was often arbitrary and brutal.

260,000 square miles.

She bit back a sob.

How could anyone possibly find her?

The sound of a struggle and angry voices jarred her head up just as the cell door swung open and her captors shoved a Burmese man inside. A dozen faces-their eyes dull, their hope gone-glanced up, then away from the new captive, who landed in a sodden heap on the muddy ground.

Only a week into this "adventure" and she got it. They didn't see the old man as one of them. They saw him as one more invasion of precious little space, one more belly in need of precious little food, one more soul doomed to suffer and eventually die in this godforsaken work camp.

As she stared at the pathetic lump of humanity curled into a ball at her feet and reached out a tentative hand-an offer of comfort, of human kindness-she finally accepted the brutal truth.

She could die here.

A bone-wrenching shudder ripped through her. For certain, they were going to make her wish she was dead, long before starvation or the elements or some virulent infection finished her off.

Suddenly her father's voice echoed in her mind.

"You're a scrapper, sugar doll. That's what's gonna see you through this ol' life."

She'd heard those words all through her life whenever she'd run up against seemingly unbeatable odds.

She drew a deep breath, finding a new well of resolve. Her father was right. She had a choice. She could lie down like a lamb and die here or she could stand like a lion and fight. It was up to her-only her. No one else was going to save her. Her fellow captives had their hands full keeping themselves alive.

That was the operative word. She was still alive, and as long as she had breath she was going to stay that way.

Tomorrow or the next day, no matter what, she had to attempt an escape. While she still had the strength to run.

HOT, MUGGY AIR, pungent with the scents and sounds of the bustling streets of Mandalay, blew through the open driver's-side rear window. The black sedan that the Tatmadaw military commander had arranged to transport Cav to the ruby mines near Mogok shot recklessly through heavy traffic. Though Yangon was the country's capital, Mandalay, a city of more than a million people, was the last royal capital of Burma, the capital of the Mandalay Division, and Upper Myanmar's main commercial city.

Cav had arrived on a charter flight from Jakarta for an early morning appointment with the commerce minister, who had been the key to setting his plan in motion. Once he'd been wheels down on the tarmac at Mandalay International, there was no turning back.

He was proceeding on blind faith now, counting on Wyatt to put everything into play from Georgia to ensure that Cav could get Carrie out of the country once he rescued her from her abductors. If he managed to rescue her.

Cav watched the action fly by outside the car window. Men on small bicycles and motorcycles wove through streets glutted with battered taxies and city buses, while women on foot carried big bucket baskets filled with produce on the ends of long poles balanced on their shoulders. Colorful umbrellas covered merchandise lining the crowded throughways. City police wearing blue uniforms and carrying assault rifles stood on every corner.

If their presence alone hadn't announced absolute military rule, the huge murals painted on the sides of buildings, depicting soldiers in front of a backdrop of the red, white, and blue Myanmar flag, would have.

Cav let it all pass by in silence, his relaxed bearing as bogus as his cover story. As far as the CIA was concerned, he had a family emergency and was on personal leave. As far as the Junta government of Myanmar was concerned, Frank Windle was here, representing the interests of Horizons, International.

Windle's false but well-known reputation as an unscrupulous player, willing to do business with oppressive military regimes, had placed him and HI on the International Dirty List-and, consequently, high on trade-agreement lists with corrupt military regimes.

Would the CIA be happy to find out Cav was freelancing using his CIA cover? Not so much. Uncle would never sanction an official op to find one lost American. But by the time his handler discovered he'd gone off the grid it would be too late to stop him.

Cav had counted on the Windle name to open back doors in the dirty underbelly of unethical international commerce. And since the military government backed all the unethical commerce in these parts, he had figured the trail would lead to Carrie Granger.

He'd figured right. Carrie Granger, it seemed, was the victim of a bungled arrest, and the Myanmar government hoped to cover up its blunder simply by making her "go away."

No evidence, no crime, no complicity.

And no chance in hell was he going to let them get away with it.

He glanced at the driver, who wore an olive drab uniform with a red patch on the upper sleeve. His matching helmet was standard military issue. Another soldier with an assault rifle rode shotgun. Cav's personal "security guard," who had been assigned as "protection" by General Maung Aye, the commerce minister, sat on the far side of the backseat, eyes forward.

While Maung Aye had granted Cav access to the ruby mines, it was no surprise that he had not agreed to let Cav bring his own security detail for the overnighter up in the mountains. Cav had expected as much, and the driver and a couple of heavies he'd hired locally had been mostly for show. A fat cat American investor would be expected to travel with a protection detail, so he'd come equipped with all the bells and whistles.

The fact that Cav was the only one in the vehicle without a gun spoke to the commerce minister's distrust. Smart man, Maung Aye.

Cav was still holding his breath over the small backpack between his feet. He'd hidden a KA-Bar Warthog folding knife, an area map, a GPS locator, and his cell phone in a secret compartment in the specially designed metal frame. So far, the compartment had gotten by the quick, cursory search by the military-most likely because he'd been carrying a decoy cell and GPS that had been taken away from him despite his very vocal protest. He'd learned a long time ago that a little acting went a long way to deflect attention from what he really wanted to hide.

It had been almost three days since Wyatt had called Cav. Seventy-two hours, and the promise of several hundred thousand kyat to grease palms, loosen lips, and open doors, to finally find out what had happened to Carrie Granger. Cav figured it was going to take roughly seventy-two acts of God to pull this off and get her out of the deep, deep trouble she was in.

He settled in for a minimum five-hour ride, noting landmarks as they traveled. When the driver stopped a couple of hours out of the city and Cav's "security guard" gave him the option of placing a hood over his head himself or having one of them do it for him, it got even longer.

Three

The guard dogs-six mangy mixed-breed rottweiler types, all big, half starved, and trained to be mean-barked maniacally and tugged on their chains as the car approached the mining camp.

Head down, her hands busy sifting through dirt and rock and debris, Carrie squinted against the late-afternoon sun as the vehicle snaked up the narrow road cut into the mountainside. Military vehicles came and went on a daily basis, hauling out the day's precious mineral finds and delivering supplies, so it wasn't unusual to see traffic.

What was unusual was that when the car pulled into the main base and stopped by the commanding general's tent, a tall, dark-haired Caucasian man stepped out of the backseat.

Oh, God.

Her heart jumped when he stood and, hands on his hips, surveyed the mining site from behind his aviator sunglasses.

Maybe he was American! Maybe the American embassy had found out what had happened to her and sent him to take her home!

She took a step in his direction and opened her mouth to call out to him-and a long whipping stick promptly cracked across her shoulders. Gasping at the stinging pain, she fell to her hands and knees.

"Work!" the guard ordered in Burmese. "Work!"

Fire lanced across her shoulders, so sharp she could barely breathe, but if she didn't get to her feet soon there would be another blow. The throbbing wound on her ribs from when she'd tried to escape two days ago was a constant, painful reminder. She'd been lucky they hadn't let the dogs loose on her.

Biting back a cry, she struggled to her feet, her gaze darting back to the man as she slowly resumed her work.

He stood twenty yards away from her work station at the mouth of the mine. From that distance, even though she was taller than everyone else around her, she would look the same as the rest of the laborers. They all wore filthy, oversized gray shirts and pants and pointy straw hats. All were bent over their tasks, heads down, backs bowed.

If he saw her he didn't give any indication. If he cared, he gave even less as the general emerged from the tent. The general extended his hand, offering a warm, hearty greeting, which the newcomer returned.

Excitement zipped through every cell in her body as the two men exchanged a few words. Carrie sneaked furtive glances his way so she wouldn't draw the attention of the guard again. Even if the dogs' incessant barking hadn't interfered, the distance was too far for her to make out each word. Still, she heard enough to pick up a mix of Burmese and English. That knowledge set her heart rate on a crash course, then sent it plummeting when the general lifted a hand toward the tent, indicating they should go inside out of the heat.

She had to get his attention. She had to get him to notice her.

Desperate, she stared at his back and willed him to turn and look at her. Miraculously, he paused at the opening of the tent, turned, pulled off his dark glasses... and looked straight at her.

Her heart nearly exploded.

Their eyes connected.

And she could have sworn he mouthed her name, just before he turned back to the tent. Then he disappeared, leaving her cursing the desperation of a mind that had just played a cruel trick on her.

CAV REMOVED HIS shoes, as was the custom, before stepping inside the tent. Even though he felt physically ill at what he'd seen, he smiled his best shyster smile and accepted the shot of whiskey the general's aide offered on a sterling silver tray.

Forgoing his pact with himself to swear off the booze, he downed the shot in one toss, not giving a damn that it wasn't scotch. He needed it. Gawddamn, he needed it. Not because he was tired and thirsty after the long ride over winding mountain roads. Not because he'd had a few moments of panic under the black hood that had been removed only a few minutes before they'd driven into the camp. Not even because he was now deeply embroiled in a rescue mission that had less than a snowball's chance in hell of success.

He needed the booze after getting a glimpse of the horrific conditions of the slave laborers forced to work the ruby mine. He needed it because when he'd spotted the slim figure hunched over a crude flume and she'd lifted her head and met his gaze, beneath the rickshaw hat he had seen misery and hope and blue, blue eyes.

He'd found Carrie Granger.

And with one look he'd felt the full weight of her future on his shoulders.

"Yeah." Cav nodded when the general offered him another shot. "Absolutely."

He wrapped his fingers around the glass and smiled again for the general, who had clearly been given advance notice of his arrival by Maung Aye.

Cav's Burmese was spotty, and given there were about a hundred different dialects in Myanmar, what he did know wasn't going to help him out very much. The general wasn't much better equipped to speak English, but it didn't matter. Their common language was greed and money. The promise of a lot of money.

He extended the letter Maung Aye had provided, then stood in silence, arms folded over his chest, while the general read it. The amount of money that had exchanged hands between Windle and the commerce minister, plus the promise of under-the-table kickbacks, had bought his passage to the Mogok mines. By the time Maung Aye discovered the account on which he'd written a check was bogus, he and Carrie Granger would be well away from here. Or dead.

In the meantime, greed and Windle's reputation-which the commerce minister had no doubt researched even before meeting with him-had given him carte blanche to explore the mines. The letter instructed the general to allow an up-close-and-personal inspection of the operation, because HI was supposedly contemplating infusing it with millions in investment capital.

Love of money. The root of all evil. And the means to save Carrie Granger from rotting in this hell on earth.

When the general handed the letter back with a nod, Cav breathed a silent sigh of relief. Another hurdle jumped.

The general turned to his attendant, who promptly presented a serving tray filled with an assortment of food.

"Hatamin sa pi bi la?" Have you eaten?

"Mahou' pabu." No, Cav said, getting the gist of the offer and knowing enough Burmese to decline. "But later. First, business," he added in English and gestured, indicating he wished to leave the tent and tour the operation.

His host nodded and said something to the aide, who quickly produced a hard hat and handed it to Cav.

"Chezube." Cav added a nod to his thanks. After settling the battered gray hard hat on his head and slipping on his shoes and shades, he followed the general out into the sweltering heat.

Even though he was prepared for what he would see, it was all he could do to keep from knocking the heads of the guards and inciting an insurrection. But the guards and the guns and the dogs numbered too many. Even though the slave laborers outnumbered their captors ten to one, in their poor physical condition they were no match for the Junta.

Young men, old men, women, and children, all emaciated and covered in grime, hauled dirt and rocks in rickety wheelbarrows over steep, narrow paths. Others disappeared into the narrow mine opening carved into the mountain, hauling buckets hanging from poles balanced on their stooped shoulders.

Metal clinked against stone as twenty or so people worked the flumes along the edge of an open pit. Carrie was among them, laboring to lift heavy, screen-bottomed trays out of murky water, then balance them on the edge of the flume in order to roll the stones trapped on the screen with their bare hands and search for the precious bloodred rubies.

Even as she worked, head down, Cav knew she was watching him. He felt the desperation of her gaze on the back of his head like a tractor beam from twenty yards away. He wished he could give her some assurance that he was here to help her, but he couldn't risk blowing his plan sky high. He'd taken enough of a chance mouthing her name just before he'd ducked into the tent.

He played the part of the cold, calculating investor, nodding in approval when the general explained the operation in a surprisingly understandable dialogue made up of Burmese, broken English, hand signals, and a little Indonesian thrown in for good measure. They spent two hours tromping along the edge of the open pits, into the mouth of the cave, and along the assembly line of workers and the dozen or so cages that acted as their sleeping quarters.

The tour served three purposes. It put the general at ease with Cav's presence in the camp, and it gave Cav an opportunity to do a complete recon. It also left Cav's scent all over the place, which would slow down the dogs if they used them to track them when they blew this place.

At the end of the second hour the sun was starting to set and Cav had seen what he needed to see. One road leading in. Same road leading out. A lot of thick, mountainous jungle in between.

It was time to put phase two into play and hope to hell he could keep on his timetable. Everything hinged on timing.

"Thirsty." He tipped his hand up to his mouth to mimic taking a drink. "Hungry," he added, patting his stomach. "We can finish the tour tomorrow morning."

The general nodded that he understood and turned back toward his tent.

Cav stopped him with a hand on his arm, then grinned a man-to-man grin, propped his sunglasses on top of his head, and cupped his crotch. His request was unmistakable. He wanted sex.

The general's smile was lascivious. This man was no stranger to depravity.

"Belao'le?" Cav asked. How much?

The general shrugged and swept out a hand that encompassed the entire workforce, indicating that for the right price Cav could have his pick. A woman. A man. A child.

Cav controlled the urge to shoot the twisted bastard with his own gun.

"Woman." He pressed open palms to his chest.

When the general shared a lewd smile and dispatched his aide to select a woman, Cav stopped him again. This was the tricky part.

"Anglo?" he asked.

The general's congenial smile turned to a frown.

Don't want me anywhere near the American woman, do you, you slimy bastard? Carrie Granger's arrest and sentencing had been a mistake, one the government honchos had found out about too late to fix. Now all they wanted was to hide any evidence that it had ever happened, to avoid an international incident. And, of course, to get some work out of her while they kept her alive, just in case she might be of future use as a diplomatic pawn.

"Belao'le?" Cav repeated, pulled his wallet out, and peeled off several bills.

When the general showed wary interest, Cav added to the stack and kept adding until the general's greed took priority over his fear of possible reprisal. After all, his commanding officers weren't here. They didn't need to know.

Cav drew a breath of relief when, with a crisp nod, the general pocketed the bills and nodded to his aide, who trotted toward the woman whose life wouldn't be worth a plug nickel if this op unraveled.

Four

All of Carrie's senses jumped into overdrive.

Something was happening.

The American-after hearing more snippets of conversation she'd decided he was definitely American-had been touring the labor camp and mine site for the better part of the afternoon. Blood pounding with adrenaline and fear, she'd made two unsuccessful attempts to get his attention, pulling back each time for fear of being caught. And now the general's aide was heading toward her.

Her heart went haywire as she glanced at the American. His gaze was intent on her the entire time, almost like he was warning her. To what? Stay silent? Stay put? To do as she was told? What was he trying to tell her? Or, in her desperation, was she merely imagining it?

He didn't make any gestures. His lips didn't move. He just stood by the general's side, quietly watching her. When the aide reached her and motioned with the barrel of his rifle that she was to move, she glanced his way again.

He gave a slight, almost imperceptible nod.

Hope spiked to new levels of desperation.

Head down, eyes on the ground, she struggled for balance as the aide shoved her roughly down the path.

Her knees felt like rubber as she stumbled toward them barefoot over bruising rocks and blistering hot dust. Her breath was rapid and shallow. And her heart went absolutely over the top crazy when she stopped in front of him. Not daring to meet his eyes, she prayed every prayer she knew that he was here to help her, and that she wouldn't do anything to screw it up.

The general barked an order to his aide. Her pulse thundered through her ears and she didn't understand a word... until a harsh hand grabbed the neck of her shirt and, with a hard tug, ripped it off her shoulders.

She recoiled in shock, fighting back a scream as she instinctively crossed her arms over her bare br**sts.

Someone yelled and she realized it was the aide, barking at her to uncover herself. Eyes wide in a plea for compassion, she shook her head and backed several steps away. Two guards immediately flanked her. They each grabbed a wrist, then jerked her arms away from her body, forcing her to stand there completely exposed, humiliated, vulnerable, and terrified.

"Adequate," the American said in a flat voice.

The cold assessment in his voice chilled her, as did his eyes. His gaze raked her body like she was a piece of meat, lingering on her br**sts before rising to her face. Then the bastard stepped forward, gripped her jaw, and turned her head from side to side.

"Yes. She'll do."

Beyond humiliated, beyond caution, and unable to fight the gathering tears, she met his dark eyes. "Help me," she whispered. "Please... please help me."

She received a cold glare for her efforts. "Clean her up," he said to the general. "Then bring her to me."

He smiled then. A calculating, predatory smile laced with an ugly carnal heat, and he shared a laugh with the general.

Revulsion gagged her as rough hands dragged her toward the outdoor shower area reserved for the guards. There she was forced to strip off her pants and, completely nak*d, was shoved under the solar shower with a block of coarse soap.

She was beyond mortified as the guard watched her, beyond resigned to her fate as she scrubbed her body like an automaton, then rubbed the soap over her matted hair to work up a lather. When she had finally succeeded in removing over a week's worth of dirt, sweat, and grime, the guard shoved a blanket that felt like burlap into her hands.

Grateful, she wrapped the rough cloth around her body sarong style and secured the ends between her br**sts.

As she'd stood under the spray, she had tried to prepare herself for what would come next. The thought sickened her, but she could do it. She could prostitute herself to this man and maybe buy her freedom. It wasn't as if she had a choice. She was weak from lack of food, exhausted and sapped of her strength. He was going to do what he wanted anyway; she had to try to work it to her advantage.

She swallowed hard as she was marched back across the compound and past the block of tents set up on the perimeter. One was reserved for the general. She'd gotten glimpses of communication equipment in another. There was the cook tent where the general's meals were prepared. The fourth was a barracks for the guards. The fifth was reserved for important visitors. Since she'd been here, she'd seen two other Asian men-both businessmen, judging by their clothes-come and go. One had spent the night in the tent she was being taken to now.

"It's about damn time," the American grumbled when the guard shoved her inside. "Sit. I've ordered food. It should arrive any moment."

Her stomach growled involuntarily, and hope rose out of the ashes of her degradation. He was going to feed her. That had to be good, right?

Seconds later, the general announced himself outside the tent flap and entered, followed by his aide, who set a tray heavy with covered dishes on a small, low, wooden table.

"Excellent. For stamina," the American said, giving her a predatory wink. "Can't have you passing out when things get a little rough."

Nausea roiled in her stomach. She hated the police who had arrested her. Hated the judge who had sentenced her, and the guard who'd delighted in beating her. But this man was the vilest of all. His arrival had raised her hopes of rescue, but he'd turned out to be one more insult to her safety and her sanity. For that, she felt more contempt for him than she did for her captors.

With their big whips and bigger guns, they at least looked the part of villains. This tall, unreasonably handsome American with the perfectly styled dark hair, deep brown eyes, and easy smile was evil and deception incarnate. Pretty on the outside but, inside, nothing but ugliness and depravity.

"Well," the American said, digging into his backpack, then tossing a string of foil packets onto the table, "let's get this party started."

He moved toward the tent flap, all long limbs and athletic grace, then indicated with a lift of his hand that the general could leave now. His smile said he had an agenda that didn't include spectators.

The general hesitated, then with a glare at Carrie that clearly said, "Please him or else," he and his aide left.

CAV WATCHED CARRIE Granger's face as she stood awaiting her fate. Whoever had said that eyes were a window to the soul could have been talking about hers. Those blue eyes said volumes about her opinion of him. They also told him that despite the horror she'd gone through, she hadn't given up. She still had some fight left in her. Clearly, she would like to gut him, skin him, then burn him alive. After she cut off his balls.

But she was smarter than that. Even though she saw him as a bastard who had bought her for sex, she understood that he was still her best chance for a ticket out of hell.

Much as he wanted to reassure her, he needed to keep her in the dark until he was certain she wouldn't give him away. The general had left guards outside the tent and they could potentially hear everything that happened inside.

"Eat." He pointed toward the table.

Her gaze cut to the food. He could see how badly she wanted and needed it, and how desperately she fought the hunger.

Her control broke and she turned venom-filled eyes back to his face. "I'd rather eat dirt."

She might be half starved, beaten down by exhaustion and fear, but she still had grit to spare. Good. She was going to need it.

Keeping her in sight, for fear she might attack him if he turned his back on her, he walked over to the table that held the food and his backpack. He fished around inside the pack and came up with a notebook and pen.

"You're American," she said letting go of her animosity long enough to appeal to him. "Please. You have to help me." The slight hint of a Georgia drawl colored her words. "If you can't take me with you when you leave, please, please get a message to my family. Or to the U.S. embassy-"

"I'm not your good Samaritan, sweetheart, so save your breath," he snapped for the benefit of any ears outside the thin tent walls.

If she'd wanted his balls before, she wanted his heart now. On a stake.

He quickly wrote in the notebook, then held it out to her.

"Go ahead, take it," he said, knowing that anyone who might be listening would assume he was offering food. "Take it," he demanded harshly.

Eyes wary, she slowly reached out a hand and, after shooting another distrustful glance his way, lowered her head and read his note.

Don't react. Wyatt sent me. I'm here to get you home.

Her head flew up. Her eyes widened with hope and disbelief as she frantically searched his face for confirmation that it was true.

Cav pressed his finger to his lips in warning. One wrong word, one careless action, and this whole thing could blow like a block of C-4.

He reached for the note, tugged it out of her frozen grip, and added, Play along, Carrie. It's going to be okay.

After she read it, she just sort of crumpled. He caught her as her shoulders sagged and her knees buckled.

"Easy," he whispered, wrapping his arms around her and pressing her face into his shoulder to muffle her sob. "Keep it together. You've made it this far. We're going to get you out of here."

Small hands pressed against his chest, and her fingers tightened in a death grip on his shirt. "Don't... don't leave me... here."

Aw, God.

He'd always been a sucker for a damsel in distress. Always had a great appreciation for the softness and the strengths and the surprises inherent to women. But never had he been so utterly and unexpectedly moved as he was by the collapse of this strong woman's guard and the raw desperation that caused it.

Careful of the bruise he'd seen on her ribs, he drew her tighter against him because it felt as though she were coming apart in his arms.

"When I leave, you leave," he promised against her damp hair, and then he felt a subtle shift back to strength in the fragile body pressed against his.

If her momentary collapse had shaken him, her valiant effort to regroup humbled him. Though her body felt delicate and slight, she possessed rock-solid core strength.

Every protective instinct in him roared to life like an enraged lion. No woman should ever have to go through this hell. He fought the knee-jerk burn to make the bastards pay for what they'd done to her. Pay with their blood. Make them sorry they'd ever laid a hand on her. He wanted it with a fervor that had him shaking.

He needed to get a grip. He'd let things get way too personal, way too touchy-feely way too fast. Not his MO. So why?

He swallowed hard, recognizing with brutal honesty that this wasn't just about her. It was also about turning his back on the CIA when this was over, about dealing with the demons that constantly baited him with the promise of oblivion in scotch.

And it was about Carrie Granger not being the only American on this mountain in need of rescue.

He drew a deep breath and made himself disengage. Now was not the time to indulge in the mind f**k of self-pity. And until he could get a handle on what was happening with his head he needed to be very careful around this woman.

"It's going to be okay," he promised her, surprised at the gruffness in his voice. Surprised again when he lifted a hand and gently brushed a fall of blond hair out of her eyes. "Take it to the bank, Carrie. You're going to be okay now."

"Thank you." A world of gratitude, relief, and trust shimmered in her eyes.

Eyes so brave and true, he found himself praying he deserved that trust.

Praying? Hell, he didn't pray. And even if he did, prayer wasn't going to get them out of this. Keeping his head in the game was. Starting now.

"Eat," he said forcefully for the benefit of the guards. "We need to get some protein in you."

This time she didn't hesitate. With one hand latched in a death grip on the blanket between her br**sts, she rushed to the table and sat down on the woven matting that covered the dirt floor. Then she tore into the soup, white rice, and chicken curry.

He'd been hungry himself before, but he'd never understood the term ravenous until he watched her eat.

"Easy," he cautioned. Ignoring the warning alarms telling him not to, he reached for the whiskey bottle the general had left. He poured a tall shot and downed it in one swallow. "Slow down or you're going to make yourself sick."

He watched her get control again. Couldn't help but notice that despite the brutality of her captivity, there was no disguising how astonishingly beautiful she was. The bones always told, and hers were amazing. She had high cheekbones, perfectly arched brows, and a cupid's bow upper lip that just begged for attention.

Christ.

He thought about hitting that bottle one more time... but he knew where that road led and the last thing he wanted to do was let this woman down.

Five

Daylight had faded, and the inside of the tent was cast in shadows by the time she'd eaten her fill, savoring every bite. Cav understood. It was as much about nourishment for the soul as it was for her body.

Her body.

She was nak*d beneath the blanket. He did his damnedest not to think about it. Or to remember the generous perfection of the br**sts the guards had brutally forced her to bare.

What he needed to think about were the bruises crisscrossing her shoulders and back. The angry welt on her rib cage, just below her left breast. The cuts on her feet, the blisters on her hands.

A motor roared to life in the distance, and a bare bulb flickered to dim life overhead. He'd noticed the gas-powered generator on the other side of the camp earlier. Its noise would provide partial cover for their conversation.

"How are you, physically?" he asked, still cautious, leaning in close so they wouldn't be overheard.

"Much better now."

"Infections? Fever? Anything broken?"

She shook her head, and the ends of the blanket picked that moment to slip and fall away from her br**sts. She reached up and caught it, but not before he got a glimpse of a dusky rose nipple.

"I need to check your ribs."

Her face flushed pink in the pale light. "It's just a bruise."

"The skin is broken."

Her eyes met his, beseeching.

He got it. She was humiliated over the way they'd stripped her, then held her there for everyone to see her nak*d from the waist up.

Yeah, he got it, but he couldn't give her a pass. Besides, he had to start acting the part of the paying customer. Daylight had actually provided more anonymity inside the tent than the night did. The overhead light, anemic as it was, cast their shadows against the tent walls for inquisitive eyes to see.

"Trust me," he mouthed and sat down cross-legged beside her. "On my lap."

Her eyes widened, suspicion rampant on her face as she glanced at the strip of condoms he'd dropped on the table earlier.

"They're props," he assured her quickly. "If you talk the talk, you gotta walk the walk to convince the bad guys. Trust me," he whispered again, and nodded toward the tent wall.

He saw the moment she understood. Just like the condoms, this was for show. Whoever was out there would see their shadows and assume they were watching a man having his way with a woman.

Very gingerly, she moved toward him and settled herself sideways on his lap, her right side pressing against his chest.

She was tall and lean, and while she'd doubtless dropped some weight during her captivity he was very much aware that she still had plenty of curves.

"That's more like it, baby." Even if the guards didn't understand English, they'd recognize his lewd tone. "How about a little gratitude for getting you out of your cage for the night?"

She stiffened but let him pull her against him.

"Easy," he whispered, pressing his mouth against her ear and trying not to think about her firm ass nestled up tight against his groin. "Once we make our break, we have to head through some rough territory. In this climate, in this terrain, even a small cut is ripe for infection."

She turned her face toward him, her mouth very near his. Anyone outside watching their shadows would think she was letting him kiss her. "When? When are we leaving?"

The anxious edge in her voice made it clear she wanted him to say "now."

"When I say it's time." He ran his hand over her hair to enhance the visual, then stroked her shoulder and reached down to her thigh. "Now I need to look at those ribs."

She stiffened involuntarily and he made himself slow down.

"You trust Wyatt, right?"

She swallowed, then nodded.

"And he trusts me to get you out of here. You need to follow his lead. Let's just get this over with so we can move on."

She closed her eyes and, in what must have taken formidable effort, lifted her right arm and wrapped it around his shoulders.

Progress. Only he was the one shaken now. He'd asked for her trust and now that he had it, it felt like a Mack truck had just parked on his shoulders.

"What about the others?" she asked tentatively. "When we go, we can't just leave them here."

Cav had already thought about releasing the workers, creating a little pandemonium to buy them some time, and then he'd thought better of it.

"If we release them when we make our break, it will wake up the entire camp. The guards will come out shooting and a lot of people will get gunned down. We'll do more harm than good." He saw the compassion in her eyes and felt regret in his gut.

"But-"

"No discussion, Carrie. We go out alone tonight. But I promise you this: I'll be back." He had made that decision the moment he'd set foot on the mining site. When the time was right he would get these poor souls out of here. Until then, he'd be haunted by the dead eyes that had looked right through him.

"Take it to the bank," he assured her. "I'll be back with a team to get them out."

The regret in her eyes slowly transitioned to grim acceptance.

After a long, quiet moment, she finally relaxed enough to lean against him. Like a lover. Like a woman who knew what the action would do to a man.

The tent was warm. Her skin was hot. Flickering light played along the slender line of her throat and the gentle slope of her shoulder. Her thigh was warm beneath his hand, and her weight was all woman and enticing on his lap. In the moment, the idea that she'd been summoned to his tent as a sexual diversion felt a little too close for comfort.

He still didn't understand why he was having such a strong reaction to her. She was just another woman in a long line of them.

"How do you know Wyatt?" she asked quietly.

"Long story. We can talk about it later," he said, then warned her so she could prepare herself. "I'm going to pull the blanket away now."

Louder, he said, "Okay, doll. Let's have another look at the merchandise... Nice," he said when the blanket pooled around her hips.

She closed her eyes and covered her br**sts with her free arm, a small concession to her modesty and an action that would appear seductive from the outside looking in.

Hell, it was seductive. And it was very... southern. Like her voice. And very sweet.

Yet she was very, very tough, he conceded as he probed her bruises and she barely flinched.

"Give me a groan," he whispered. "A loud one. And make it sexy." If nothing else, it would give her a cover for the pain he knew he was inflicting.

She hesitated but then gave it her all.

"Oh, God," she whispered, lowering her head. "That sounded ridiculous."

He smiled against her hair. "Trust me. They're panting out there."

"Then they're sick."

He chuckled softly. "Tell me what you can about the camp routine. When do the guards change shifts?"

Her breath was warm against his throat as she leaned farther into him to enhance the show. "They change around eleven and again around seven. Maybe also around four in the afternoon. That's as close as I can figure, judging by the position of the sun."

"Good observations. I counted around twenty guards."

"Twenty-four," she corrected.

"All with automatic weapons," Cav muttered absently as he lowered his mouth to the curve of her throat and traced her ribs with his fingertips in search of more injuries. "And there are what... a hundred and forty, maybe a hundred fifty workers?"

"Something like that."

"I saw five vehicles. Two trucks, two old jeeps, and the sedan that brought me here. That sum it up?"

She nodded. "They use the trucks to transport supplies, fresh troops, and new batches of workers. The general makes use of the two jeeps to move around the mine site."

He traced the welt that ran from just below her left breast, under her arm, and around her back, where it stopped under her shoulder blade. Her skin was very soft. Her bones extremely fine. And damn...

She sucked in a quick, pained breath when he pressed at the swelling.

"Bad?" He studied her profile with concern.

She bit her lower lip, shook her head in denial of the pain.

"You're not much of a liar," he whispered, then said in a louder voice, "It's okay, baby. You can scream if you like it. Turns me on."

What came out was more of a growl but she stuck to her guns about the pain. "It's better than it was."

Yeah, he was right about the tough part. And she was very sexy, too.

He backed away from that thought in double time. Wrong time, wrong place, and Jesus, wrong thinking. Damn, he wanted another drink.

"I don't think anything's broken," he said gruffly, and he quickly applied the salve from his backpack. "Now we need to move this to the cot, before the natives start questioning my motives."

And before the swelling action in his pants embarrassed her even further.

CARRIE ROSE SLOWLY from his lap, placing a hand on his shoulder for balance. She was anxious to get some distance from his probing, yet she was reluctant to move even a few inches away from him. What if she'd gone off the deep end and this was all some cruel fantasy, and the minute she broke contact he disappeared?

But he'd felt real enough, she thought, walking the few steps to the cot. His body had been hard and hot beneath hers. His hands had felt strong and rough even as he'd taken care not to hurt her.

When she'd leaned into him his heart had beat like thunder against her breast. His breath had been warm and scented of whiskey when he'd whispered in her ear. And while she knew he hadn't intended for it to happen, she'd felt him grow hard against her hip.

She flushed hot, thinking about it as she sank down on the cot'sthin mattress. After a deep breath, she made herself look at him when he sat beside her. Big. Imposing. Strong. If he wanted to, he could overpower her in a heartbeat.

Thank God this seduction scene was just for show.

And thank God he was real. Real and here and... "I don't even know your name."

He turned the most intense dark eyes on her. "Sorry. It's David. David Cavanaugh." He smiled then, and all she could do was stare as it transformed his face.

Wyatt sent one of People magazine's hundred sexiest men alive to save me.

She almost laughed at her absurdity, but it was true. With that dark hair falling over his forehead and the smile that was a little bit reckless and a lot rogue, she couldn't shake the image of Johnny Depp with a little Hugh Jackman thrown in for good measure.

And he'd just seen her nak*d. Just touched her bare skin.

"My friends call me Cav," he added. "Now lie back and let the sex fiend indulge in his twisted foot fetish, while I take a look at those poor battered tootsies of yours."

She smiled, as he'd no doubt intended, and her opinion of him rose even higher.

She tried to remain covered as she lay back and he lifted her calves over his thighs. Her best efforts, however, couldn't keep the coarse blanket from parting at mid-thigh and separating slowly by degrees. Seeing her problem, he reached for the ends of the blanket, folded it over her legs, then tucked it tight beneath the outside of her thighs. Seen from outside, the action could have been misinterpreted as an unwrapping.

She felt like a mummy, a little bit pampered yet a lot intrigued. She watched his face as he administered to her foot with gentle, sensual hands. So sensual that anyone seeing their shadows would have assumed he was caressing her in sexual foreplay.

She gasped in pain and surprise when he probed an open sore on the bottom of her heel.

"Sorry," she apologized, her voice tight, then let loose of another yelp when he probed deeper into the cut.

Cav hated that he'd hurt her but couldn't let it sidetrack him. He didn't like the look of that cut.

"Make all the noise you want." He notched his chin toward the tent wall. "The louder the better. Convince 'em we're having a party in here. It'll be good for my image."

She went so still he realized he'd embarrassed her again.

"You do have very tender southern sensibilities, don't you?" he teased, charmed by the flush on her cheeks.

"I passed tender about five days ago."

He hadn't meant to sound like he was discounting all she'd been through. Then she smiled, and damn if he didn't feel a whole new level of respect for her.

"Yeah. I imagine you did." He reached into his backpack, powerfully tempted to reach for her. "I need to do some deep cleaning on this cut."

He came up with a plastic packet of antiseptic wipes, then made a big production of running his hands up the length of her calf and caressing her foot. "This is going to sting like blazes."

"Man of your word," she said through clenched teeth as he squeezed antiseptic liquid directly into the cut, then held the wipe against the wound before cleaning it.

"Sorry. I'll dress it with ointment, bandage it, and hope it'll see you through."

"I'll be okay."

He finally looked at her. Ever since she'd lain down on the cot he'd had a damn hard time not looking at her.

"I know you will," he said. "I know you're going to be just fine."

Six

Carrie's heart kicked up.

"I know you will. I know you're going to be just fine."

She heard more than simple conviction in those few words. She heard a world of respect. Felt it in the way he gave her foot an affectionate squeeze before he dug in his pack for the bandages.

She swallowed back a lump of gratitude along with the sudden threat of tears as he finished with the dressing. For the past several days she'd been treated like a mongrel dog. No dignity. No hope. Above all, no respect.

He'd just given it all back to her. And as she watched his amazing face in profile, his head lowered over her feet, she realized that he'd also made her feel something like a woman again.

It was a feeling she'd lost even before she'd been arrested. Yes, she'd had altruistic reasons for coming to Myanmar. She had a good life and she wanted to give back. But she'd also left her mundane routine because, frankly, she'd always had a thing for Wyatt Savage. When he'd come home for a visit a year ago, she'd made that clear to him.

Only Wyatt didn't love her. He'd made that clear to her. He'd been very kind, but the truth was he loved someone else. Loved her so much he'd married her last spring.

That had broken her heart a little, just enough that she'd needed to shake things up.

Well, she'd shaken them up, all right.

She forked her hair out of her eyes and glanced at David Cavanaugh, wondering at her lack of disappointment that Wyatt himself hadn't come.

She still couldn't believe that this man-this stranger-was actually here to save her. She was really getting out of here.

And that's what she thought about when he lowered her foot, then planted his hands on either side of her ribs and leaned in close.

"You need to get some rest," he whispered, lowering his mouth to the corner of hers, "but we probably ought to make this look good."

Her reaction was instant and knee-jerk and embarrassing. She reached between them for the blanket and tightened it over her br**sts like a schoolgirl. "How much longer do we play out this charade? When can we leave?"

He brushed his lips along her jaw line. "Patience, Miss Granger."

She was out of patience. And all this pretend love play was driving her out of her mind.

"So are we going to steal one of the vehicles? Is that how we're getting away?" She needed a distraction from the physical contact as much as she wanted to know what he had planned.

He shook his head. "We'd never get past the checkpoints. I was blindfolded but I could tell they were heavily fortified."

"They're all manned by at least a dozen armed guards." When they'd trucked her up here with the others who had been "convicted" at trials, there had been several roadblocks. "All barricaded by trucks that don't move unless they get a chain-of-command clearance to proceed."

"They've got a lot to protect. Wouldn't do for the wrong eyes to see the rubies or the slaves."

"What is the plan?" What if they couldn't get out? What if they were caught trying to escape?

"You do have a plan, right?" she pressed when he didn't say anything.

"Sweetheart." He leveled her a smile that, if she hadn't already been lying down, would have put her right on her back. "I always have a plan."

He saw her frustration.

"Look, Carrie. Let's revisit that trust issue one last time, okay?" he suggested gently. "I know you're scared, but you have to trust me to know what needs to happen, and when it needs to happen.

"And what needs to happen now is that you rest. Then we'll talk about whether you're up for making a run for it."

She nodded. "I'll run barefoot over broken glass to get out of here but I can't run very fast wrapped in this blanket."

"I've got it covered. There's a T-shirt and a pair of cargo pants in my backpack. I guessed on the size but they'll have to do."

Another worry undercut her relief. "What about shoes?"

He thought of her poor bruised and cut feet, thought of the guard. The one who had been so happy to hit her with the whipping stick and prod her down the rough trail without any regard for how difficult and painful it was to walk across the jagged rocks.

"You will by the time we leave," he promised her. The bastard's sandals would fit her just fine.

CARRIE WAS TRYING to interpret the sudden dark look that crossed his face when she heard movement outside the tent. Suddenly Cavanaugh was lying flat on top of her, covering her mouth with his and grinding his h*ps into hers.

She'd been riding the razor's edge of flight or fight for days and both kicked in with a vengeance, rocket-fueled by panic.

She bucked, she rolled, she pulled his hair and rammed her knee up hard into his groin.

"Whoa. Whoa now," he said around a mean laugh, like he was enjoying the fight as he easily grabbed her wrists and pinned them above her head with one hand.

She finally came to her senses. Came back to the fact that he was not the enemy and that there was method in his actions.

He turned his head and looked over his shoulder as he worked his shirt buttons with his free hand. "She's a wild cat," he said, and she realized the general had arrived unannounced.

"I'm always up for a party, but I prefer to handle this on my own." He shrugged his shirt off one shoulder and, fumbling for his belt buckle, lowered himself over her again in a clear indication for the general to leave.

"My apology," the general said, and he walked back outside.

Her heart beat like thunder as Cavanaugh pressed her into the mattress. Broad chest. Thick biceps. Intense brown eyes. Eyes that were regretful and something else. Something that kicked her heart rate even higher.

"Sorry," he whispered against her mouth. "The pervert wanted to make this a threesome."

Oh, God. She was suddenly aware of the hard rise and fall of her br**sts, which had been bared by her wild struggle. By the pounding of his heart against hers. And by the irrational thrill of the thick erection against her belly.

CAV NEEDED TO get up and off of her. He never let anything distract him from an op. Never. Yet it would be damned easy to get sidetracked by her. Practically nak*d, frightened, and alive like fire was alive.

He damn sure needed to get up.

Only he couldn't-not yet.

First, the general was clearly distrustful, and Cav was certain he'd left someone nearby. There would be... expectations.

Second. Carrie Granger had knobby knees and they'd connected with her target. The boys were not happy, and he wasn't certain he could walk just yet.

"Sorry," he gritted out again and tried to shift some of his weight off her while reaching between them and making a careful adjustment to his package.

Bad move.

Very bad move.

The warm, nak*d flesh of her belly pressed against the back of his forearm. The heat of her mons and the sweet cleft between her parted thighs cradled the back of his hand. With only the most minor of adjustment he could be there. Right there. Inside her. And his stupid dick was totally on board with the idea.

Fuck.

Screw caution. Screw pain. With Herculean effort, he shot up off the cot and turned his back to her, giving her a chance to cover herself.

Giving himself a chance to get it the hell together.

He reached for the lone lightbulb and yanked the damn string. The tent went dark, providing anonymity from spying eyes. Only then did he shrug back into his shirt and start working the buttons, his fingers shaking.

Jesus.

He walked to the table and reached for the whiskey bottle, then poured a shot glass full with an unsteady hand.

He didn't get it. Didn't get why he felt not only responsible for her but also inexplicably drawn to her.

He'd known a lot of women. Seen them at their best. Seen them at their worst. Never, though, had he seen one this vulnerable-and never had he felt such an intense and visceral reaction to a woman because of that vulnerability and her utter determination not to give in to it.

He slammed back the whiskey. Savored the burn.

He couldn't explain a thing about his reactions to her. They'd barely exchanged words. She was in a state of shock. Her responses were propelled by desperation and fear, and her actions spoke less about who she was than about what had happened to her.

But there was something in those eyes... those all-American-girl blue eyes when she'd stared up at him... something that touched places inside him he'd never let anyone have access to before.

So why is she getting to me?

Because Carrie Granger was a woman of substance, that's why. Her courage, as she had endured yet one more humiliation, told him just how much strength she really had.

He wiped the back of his hand across his mouth. That didn't mean he could afford to let this escalate. And for damn sure it didn't mean he could break his own rules.

Never get involved.

Never let things get personal.

Just do the job.

Rules he lived by. Rules that had kept him alive in the past, and rules that would get them both out of this alive now.

"I'm going outside," he said without further explanation.

Just like he didn't have an explanation for what had almost happened on that cot.

Seven

If there was a God, Cav thought twenty minutes later as he headed back for the tent, the distracting, delicious, and distressed Miss Granger would be dressed when he stepped back inside. The olive T-shirt and camo cargo pants ought to go a long way toward drabbing her down.

He nodded cordially to the guard who stood near the tent with an AK-47 slung over his shoulder. Then he tipped a finger to his forehead in an amiable good night to the other guard who had shadowed every step of his stroll around the dimly lit perimeter of the camp.

For all they knew, he'd just stepped out to relieve himself, get a little recovery time, and was heading back in for another round. Security was very present... but it was also very slipshod. These guys weren't the best trained soldiers; discipline was on the low side. He liked that.

It was still a long way from midnight, but the heavy cloud cover made for a nice, dark night. Only a haphazardly strung set of lights illuminated the mining area, and the shadows outnumbered the lighted areas.

The dark night, the feeble electrical generator, and the loose security were three very high marks on the plus side for their escape attempt.

The tent was still dark when he ducked back inside. He stood still for a moment, letting his eyes acclimate. The generator hummed in the background, making it difficult for him to pick up any sounds inside the tent. Difficult for Carrie to discern that it was him, too.

He decided to risk it and groped above his head for the light string. With a soft snick the bulb flicked on-and there she was.

Dressed-Thank you, God-but crouched in a corner, eyes wild and wary, ready to defend herself.

Both hands were wrapped around a three-foot length of wood that was cocked over her shoulder like a baseball bat, and she was ready to swing.

He grinned, only then noticing that the table that had held their food and his whiskey lay on its side, missing a leg. God bless the woman for her resourcefulness.

Guilt quickly undercut his amusement. Damn his stupid hide for leaving her alone and undefended, all because he hadn't been able to deal with his physical reaction to her.

"Fuck," he muttered and went to her. "I'm sorry." He crouched down in front of her. "I'm sorry I left you alone and afraid."

"I... I wasn't sure you'd... come back."

Aw, God.

He was a clueless bastard to have forgotten the desperation he'd seen the first time he'd looked into those blue, blue eyes.

"I'm sorry," he whispered again as he reached out and very deliberately pried her fingers off the table leg.

Her white-fingered grip relaxed by slow degrees until he finally relieved her of her weapon. Still as tense as a piano wire, she rocked forward to her knees, lowered her head, and propped her open palms on her thighs. She was shaking hard and working even harder to pull herself back together.

Disgusted by his stupidity, he tossed the table leg aside and drew her against him in apology. In reassurance. In near desperate need for forgiveness.

Her body was ramrod straight and unbending as he folded his arms around her.

Then her breath rushed out on a sigh and she melted into him, wrapped her arms around his neck, and clung.

And there they stayed. On their knees on the straw mats covering the hard dirt floor.

Overhead the lone bulb flicked. Hot, humid air surrounded them. Misery and pain permeated the tent, the entire camp.

But all Cav was aware of was the softness of her body pressed against his, the amazing silk of her hair beneath his hand, and the undeniable forging of a bond he no longer wanted to question or analyze.

He lowered his face into the curve of her neck. Inhaled her warmth and her courage and the essence of this very soft yet formidable woman.

"Try to rest now." He made himself pull away from her. "Just for a little while."

"I couldn't sleep if you drugged me."

"Humor me." He helped her to her feet, led her to the cot. "Give it a shot."

Because she was a good southern girl she lay down.

Because his mother had raised him right he didn't.

At least not next to her. He found a spot on the floor and sat down. Then he tried like hell not to think about the way she looked in the cargo pants that fit her fine butt like a glove and the T-shirt that was a size too small. Could not think about the gentle sway of her full, unbound br**sts or the tight buds of her n**ples pressing against the stretchy cotton.

Drab her down? No such f**king luck.

He checked his watch. They needed to wait a short while before checking out of Hotel Hell. On a determined breath, he stretched out on the floor, folded his hands behind his head, and made himself a promise: she was hands off until he got her safely gone from here. But when they got out of this fix he was going to find out a helluva lot more about Carrie Granger before he let her walk away.

If he let her walk away.

"IT'S TIME."

Carrie's eyes flew open with a start. With consciousness came instant terror. The same terror she'd awakened to for more days than she could count.

Then she realized she was not in the cage. A dozen exhausted, ragged slaves were not sharing the same squalid misery with her.

She struggled to get her bearings. She was in a tent. It was dark. And hot.

"It's time," a man's voice whispered again, closer this time as a gentle hand touched her shoulder.

Cavanaugh.

Real.

Helping her.

Relief was instant.

"I fell asleep?" she whispered into the dark silence. She no longer heard the generator running.

"Exhaustion and starvation will do that to a person."

She sat up straight, stretched out the kinks, and let her eyes adjust to the darkness. Cavanaugh's shadow loomed along the tent walls before he returned to her side.

He squatted down in front of her. "Awake now?"

She nodded, then whispered, "Yes," when she realized he probably couldn't see her.

A big hand squeezed her knee. "Good girl. Can you carry this?" A bulky weight landed on her thighs.

His backpack.

"I pilfered some of the bottled water stocked in this tent, so it's heavy."

"I can do it." She figured that he needed her to carry the pack because he would need his hands free for other things. Things she didn't want to think about but knew would be necessary to get them out of here.

"Let's get the straps fitted."

She stood and slipped the pack onto her back. His big hands were deft and steady as he stood behind her and helped her adjust them.

Helped her.

An overwhelming flood of gratitude swept her right to the edge of control, and she had to fight to keep her knees from buckling.

"Hey." Strong hands gripped her shoulders, steadying her. "Hey," he repeated gently and turned her around to face him. "What's happening?"

She blinked back a damning rush of tears. "It's... it's just... I thought I was going to die here."

She swallowed hard, made herself meet his eyes. Even in the dark she could see the compassion and the strength and the promises there. "Thank you."

He squeezed her shoulders, then leaned forward and pressed a kiss to her forehead. "Don't thank me yet, sweetheart. We're a long way from gone."

And she was a long way from grasping exactly what it was about this man that had her wanting to throw herself into his arms one instant and back away the next. Both of their lives were on the line here, and she so did not have it together.

"What's the plan?" she asked abruptly. If she didn't inject something concrete into this very tense, very intimate situation, she was going to do something very, very stupid. Like fall into his arms again.

"Stealth," he said simply.

She blinked. "That's it?"

"That's what you need to know," he said evasively. "For now."

"Fine. What about the dogs?" Even more than the guns, those dogs terrified her.

"They're more for intimidation than for tracking."

"Yeah, well, the intimidation part is definitely working."

"Even if they're trackers," he assured her, "both of us have left our scents all over this place. It'll take them forever to figure out where to start looking. In the meantime, we're steering way clear of them on the way out."

She shivered involuntarily, remembering one day when the dogs had mauled a man who had attempted to escape.

"The generator shut off two hours ago," he went on, "so unfortunately we don't have that noise to help provide cover. On the plus side, at this time of night the guards are fighting sleep, if they aren't sleeping already. No perimeter fences, either, which tells me they're not too worried about anyone trying to slip away."

"It's a little difficult to run when you don't have the strength to put one foot in front of the other," she whispered in agreement.

"This isn't going to be pretty." His voice was hard, all business. "I'm going to have to take out your favorite guard first. He drew watch outside the tent."

She swallowed, understanding that "take out" had nothing to do with dating or Chinese food, and was most likely a permanent resolution. Oh, God. For the first time in her life she truly understood gallows humor. She'd wished the guard dead a hundred times since she'd been brought here at gunpoint. Faced with the probability of it actually happening, however, she felt a fissure of regret. She had dedicated her career to saving lives. The thought of someone dying because of her...

"Don't think about it," Cavanaugh said softly.

He not only rescued women, he read minds. And he was right. She needed to remember only one thing: this was life or death. Better the guard's death than hers.

"I'm okay." If she said it often enough, maybe that would make it true.

"Yes. You are." It was as much an order as a statement. "Don't move. I'll be right back."

She nodded and he ducked under the tent flap.

She stared at the spot where he'd been, heart pounding, adrenaline rushing.

Before she could reconcile herself to the fact that the sound she'd just heard was most likely the sound of a neck being snapped he was back.

She couldn't make out his expression, but she could smell the adrenaline on him. Could feel violence crackle around him like electricity.

He handed her a pair of sandals, the soles still warm to the touch.

Oh, God.

She put them on.

When she straightened, she realized he was carrying a rifle. Of course. He'd taken it from the guard.

"You stay on my six." He reached for her hand and dragged it to his belt. "Hang on, you got it? From this point on, we are officially connected at the hip. It's all about running now. No questions. Just follow me and keep as quiet as you possibly can."

She could run. She could be quiet. She could do anything he told her. What she couldn't do was keep herself from stopping him when he turned to lead her out into the night.

His eyes were full of questions as she moved in close against him.

And then he got it.

"Carrie." His breath was warm against her lips as she lifted her face to his. "You don't want to do this."

"What I don't want to do," she whispered, standing on her tiptoes and wrapping both arms around his neck, "is regret that I didn't."

Her heartbeat was already wild from the fear and the danger and the risk. But when her lips touched his, wild didn't even begin to cover the sensations that bolted through her blood and apparently slammed through his just as hard, just as fast, because there wasn't an ounce of caution in his kiss. He wrapped his free arm tightly around her waist and lifted her flush against him, his body hot and responsive, his mouth hungry and fully, carnally engaged.

He was a big, hard man. Yet all she could think about was the softness of his lips, the sleekness of his tongue, the profound restraint with which he held her that both excited her and reminded her of the danger he was in because of her.

She wanted the kiss to go on forever. Wanted this intense exploration of mouths and tongues and sensations, which she'd initiated but that he'd taken to an entirely different level, to obliterate the harsh reality that once they set foot outside this tent their lives could very well end in an explosion of gunfire.

And in this moment she wanted him almost more than she wanted her freedom, because she was desperately afraid that freedom would come at the cost of his life.

Fortunately, there was a cooler head in this tent than hers. There was a man who would not allow her to give up the promise of a future for the price of one moment in time. No matter how amazing that moment promised to be.

He lifted his head on a groan, pressed her face into his chest, and held her against a heart that beat like thunder.

"If I were to pick a cliche," he murmured against her hair, "wrong time, wrong place pretty much sums it up."

She swallowed hard, willed her heart rate to settle. He was right. "I'm sorry."

"That makes two of us," he said gruffly.

Shouldering the rifle sling, he cupped her chin in his hand and lifted her face so she could see his eyes. "So be warned, Carrie Granger. The next time I kiss you, you're going to end up nak*d and flat on your back, and it's going to take an army to keep me from making certain you never feel the need to say you're sorry again."

It was all she could do to keep her legs under her, let alone assemble a coherent thought.

"Nothing to say to that?"

"I... um... gulp?" She finally managed to answer his smile with one of her own.

He pressed another kiss on her forehead. "Well said."

When he pulled back and searched her eyes he was all business again. "Ready to do this now?"

"Yeah." She drew a bracing breath. "I'm ready."

He squeezed her arm. "Like glue," he reminded her.

Then he turned toward the tent flap and led her into the night, either to freedom or to death.

Eight

Gripping the rifle in his left hand, Cav crouched low to minimize his profile. He thanked God and good fortune that the sky was still cloud heavy and the night dark. He chanced a glance over his shoulder and motioned for Carrie to follow his lead.

She instantly mimicked his movements and, as promised, stuck like a tick as they skittered across twenty yards of open ground, then ducked down behind the relative cover of the five vehicles parked in a tight row in front of the silent cook tent.

Even though he'd clicked into combat mode, a small part of Cav's body and brain-as well as a big part of his libido-was still engaged in that kiss she'd laid on him. The proper southern belle just kept surprising him. He had every intention of relishing that kiss for a long, long time... later.

Right now, he had more pressing issues. Like the sleeping dogs on the far side of the camp. And the two guards on foot patrol who, if he'd timed this right, would be walking down the path any moment and filing right past the jeep they were hiding behind.

He slipped the safety off the AK as quietly as possible, then touched Carrie lightly on her arm. When he had her attention, he pressed a finger to his lips, signaling her to be quiet. Then he dropped to his haunches behind the front wheel well, urging her down behind him.

Less than twenty seconds later the sound of voices and the muffled crunch of sandals drifted too close for comfort. The pair of guards walked toward them, AKs slung over their shoulders, their footsteps unhurried.

The guards walked directly in front of the jeep. Some six feet and the width of an engine block separated them. And then they stopped.

Cav barely breathed. While Carrie was still sleeping, he'd retrieved the KA-Bar Warthog from his backpack frame. Very slowly, he lifted his pant leg and pulled the knife out of his boot. Behind him, Carrie was statue still in the shadows. The gentle warmth of her breath against his back, where she huddled against him, told him she was doing fine.

Come on, come on, he willed the guards silently. Move on, you lazy bastards. Finish your rounds.

Just when he was certain they would be on their way, a match flared in the dark.

They were taking a smoke break.

Carrie's hand tightened on his belt loop but she didn't make a sound. Several more minutes passed. Sweat ran down Cav's face and trickled down the middle of his back as they waited it out.

She had to be miserable. Even in the middle of the night the heat was killer, depleting their bodies of fluids and salt. His calf muscles started to cramp from the awkward way he was crouched. He was betting Carrie was struggling with muscle issues as well.

He could tough out the pain. But she was already in a weakened physical and mental state, and he was worried about how much more she could take.

If the guards didn't move on soon he was going to have to do something. The last thing he wanted to do was shoot them. The gunfire would wake up the entire camp, and dodging bullets on the run was a surefire way to get her killed. He could take one guard out with his knife, but the other would be yelling bloody murder before he could shut him up.

Move, move, move!

And still they stood, leaning against the jeep, passing the cigarette back and forth, talking about women. Carrie pressed her forehead harder into his back, a sign that she was struggling.

He had to do something before she gave them away.

He felt around on the ground until he found a Ping-Pong ball-sized stone. After hefting it to get a feel for the weight, he looked around for overhead obstacles, then gave it a hard fling in the opposite direction from their flight path.

Both guards stopped their chatter and came to attention. So did the damn dogs. Six deep-throated barks rang across the mountainside. He couldn't pick up the guards' new conversation, but when they took off at a fast walk toward the spot where the stone had landed Cav didn't waste any time.

He helped Carrie to her feet and knew by the slow way she rose that she was cramping up.

"Foot or calf?" he whispered close to her ear as the dogs wound down with a few halfhearted yelps and finally fell silent after a shouted order from the guards.

"Calf," she ground out between clenched teeth.

He handed her the rifle, quickly dropped back to his knees, and felt along the backs of both of her calves. He found the knot-rock hard and the size of a marble-in her left calf and started working it out with his fingers.

Her quick intake of breath and her fingers digging into his shoulders spoke of the pain, but she toughed it out.

"I'm sorry," he whispered but was relentless until he was satisfied he'd worked out the knot and the muscle wouldn't seize up again, at least not immediately.

"Can you walk?" He stood and dug into his pack for the salt tabs he'd brought with him.

"Yes," she answered without hesitation and downed the pills with some water. He did the same, then recapped the water bottle and stowed it in the pack.

"Hold on a sec." He opened up the KA-Bar, dropped to his back, and shimmied under the first jeep in line. If he remembered right, the fuel line ran along the driver's side of the frame.

He felt around. Bingo. He then felt around for the rubber fittings leading to the fuel filter and cut them. The gas wouldn't leak out immediately, but when they started her up the fuel pump would spray gas all over, and the engine would run for a bit but then die of fuel starvation.

He slid out from underneath the vehicle, motioned for Carrie to follow, and took the thirty seconds he needed to repeat the process with the middle and the rear vehicles. As tightly as they were parked, the other two weren't going anywhere anyway.

"Okay," he whispered, "let's boogie before they decide to come back."

He crouched low and, with Carrie close behind, he sprinted toward the far side of the encampment, keeping to the shadows, ducking between the mining equipment and steep wall cut into the mountainside. She stopped him with a hand on his arm before they'd traveled twenty feet.

"Are you sure we can't free them now?" she asked looking back toward the caged slaves they were leaving behind.

"Trust me on this, Carrie. I'm not going to forget about them. I'll be back with enough resources to get them out of here. Right now, we've got to worry about getting our own asses the hell gone."

KEEPING HIS PROFILE low, Cavanaugh alternately sprinted and crept along the upper perimeter of the camp, leading them farther from the center of operations and higher up the mountainside. Carrie wanted to ask where they were headed, but she kept her mouth shut and her feet moving, and she made herself think past the painful cut on her foot and the exhaustion and her sore calf muscles.

She was physically depleted. Neither her muscle mass nor her motor control were what they should be, but adrenaline was a wonder drug. She just prayed the rush lasted long enough to get her past the worst of it, because when she crashed she was going to drop like a stone.

In the meantime she followed Cavanaugh's lead, even though she wondered why he was taking them farther up the mountain instead of down.

"When they wise up to the fact that we're AWOL," he whispered as he tugged her down behind a boulder to catch their breath, "they're going to figure we went down, not up."

That was at least the second time he'd read her mind. She wasn't going to question it, just like she wasn't going to think about the guard whose sandals she wore or the way his body had looked, slumped and lifeless where Cavanaugh had propped him in a sitting position outside the tent.

Except she hadn't been able to stop thinking about it.

"Drink," Cavanaugh prodded, gripping her hand and shoving a bottle of water into it. "We need to keep hydrated."

She drank, then handed back the bottle. The generator kicked on just then, flooding the mining site with dim light. A shout rang out. Then another.

"The jig is up," Cav said, helping her to her feet. "Now we run like rabbits."

She glanced over her shoulder as he took her hand and pulled her along behind him. Less than fifty yards away the camp came alive with soldiers scrambling, rifles at the ready, as the general yelled orders that needed no translation.

It was an all-out manhunt.

"Don't look back," Cavanaugh ordered as the dogs started baying and snarling. "It'll only slow us down."

He was right, so she forced herself to forget about the guns and the dogs. She concentrated on putting one foot in front of the other as Cavanaugh led her away from the mining road and into the thickness of the jungle.

"THE BAYING IS getting farther away, don't you think?"

Cav leaned back against a thick tree trunk, boots braced on the ground against the steep downhill slope, and tried to listen past the blood pounding in his ears and his heavy breaths. They'd been on the run for at least an hour. The sound of the baying dogs was a powerful incentive to keep moving. This was only the second time he'd allowed them to stop and rest.

"I think so. Yeah. At the risk of another cliche, it sounds like they're barking up the wrong tree."

She smiled. It felt damn good. What felt even better was that the guards were searching down the mountain. As he'd also hoped, it appeared the dogs hadn't been able to pick up their exit scent. When they tried to start the vehicles and gasoline sprayed all over the place, it would be even more difficult for the dogs, whose highly sensitive sense of smell would be bombarded.

"Once they figure out the dogs don't have a trail, they'll realize that we went up, not down." He accepted the water bottle from her, drained it, then wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. "But we bought at least an hour. Maybe two."

Now all they had to do was get off this frickin' mountain, meet up with the contact Wyatt was supposed to have arranged for them, then lay low until the extraction team-also arranged by Wyatt-showed up at the designated landing zone.

Yeah. That's all.

"Let's move." He folded up his map and consulted the GPS. He hadn't bothered with his cell phone because his research had told him they weren't anywhere near a cell tower.

"There's a village about ten miles southwest of here, and that's where we're headed."

"Because?"

"Because we're expected."

"You really did have a plan."

Yeah. He had a plan. Normally he'd have taken weeks to plot out a rescue op of this scope. He and Wyatt had had only hours to pull this together and hold it together with kite string and duct tape.

"You're going to start trusting me one of these days." He grinned back at her as he pushed away from the tree, relieved her of the backpack, and adjusted the straps to fit his shoulders.

When he reached for her hand again, she didn't hesitate or complain. She just hopped to. Cav's admiration for her kept rising.

The jungle was dense and dangerous underfoot, so he'd risked using the miner's flashlights from his backpack. He'd figured correctly that the general wouldn't question the lights, since the supposed purpose of his visit was to tour the dark mines. The fact that he'd had an extra in his pack hadn't raised any eyebrows, either because batteries died or bulbs got broken.

This far away from the mining camp, the risk of using the headlights strapped around their foreheads outweighed the risk of falling and breaking a limb in this rough terrain. Cav might be able to carry Carrie out if she sprained or broke something, but she sure as hell couldn't carry him-although, knowing her, she'd damn well try.

"Watch your step," he warned. Every step over gnarled roots, tangled vines, and deadfall was a step toward life, just as every misstep could be tantamount to death.

They had ten grueling miles ahead of them. Ten miles that, in a perfect world, they would cover before sunrise. But this world wasn't perfect. And this woman couldn't possibly last until sunrise, as weak as she was.

It was inevitable that her body was going to fail her.

He just hoped to hell that he didn't.

Nine

Carrie felt the shift before she understood what was happening. Like the pulse thrumming through her body, she could feel the mountain jungle transition from the deep, breeding gloom of night to a darkness fostered by shadows and shade.

The sun had risen. She couldn't see it but she sensed that dawn had broken, even though daylight would never reach the floor of this dense, loamy forest.

She'd been moving on autopilot for hours, had lost feeling in her legs long ago. She made herself move because, if she stopped, she died. And she couldn't die. Not after all she'd been through.

"Stay with me, Carrie."

Cav's voice was filled with concern and encouragement. She'd clung to the steady strength of it through the grueling trek down the mountain. Just as she'd clung to him to keep her balance, to keep her here in the moment, to keep her moving.

It would be so easy to just stop walking. Stop thinking. Stop wanting the pain to ease, just enough to make it bearable.

One more step. One more after that. Just... one... more.

A brilliant light hit her full in the face, as blinding as a fireball. The piercing blast would have sent her to her knees if Cav hadn't grabbed her.

Suddenly he was laughing and lifting her off her feet. "You did it! You amazing, astonishing woman, I don't know how you did it, but we made it!"

His words registered in a haze of pain as she buried her face against his shoulder to block the burning brightness.

The sun, she realized finally. She lifted her head and squinted against the glare. They had broken through the jungle and stumbled onto a road. Narrow, filled with potholes, nothing but dirt. But it was a road.

"Drink," Cav ordered after setting her back on her feet and handing her a water bottle.

The water was warm but wet. And the protein bar he handed her would go a long way toward making her feel attached to her limbs again.

"Whoa." Just as she felt herself sway again, Cav grabbed her arm and steadied her. "Come on. Let's sit you down for a bit." He eased her to the ground.

"You may never get me on my feet again," she said, peeling the wrapper off the energy bar.

He checked his watch, his GPS, then gave her arm an encouraging squeeze. "Hold on. If all goes as planned, you may not have to. Be right back."

Before she could ask him what he meant he was gone, jogging down the road and disappearing around a bend.

She was too weary to be concerned. She just sat there, drinking water and eating the protein bar. She'd just finished both and was starting to feel marginally human again when she heard voices coming from the direction Cav had disappeared.

Moving as quickly as she could she scuttled back up the embankment and into the forest, then hunkered down and hid behind a tree surrounded by heavy foliage.

"Carrie, it's okay. Come on out."

Wary, she popped her head up and spotted Cav and a Burmese boy who looked about twelve or thirteen, driving a two-wheel cart harnessed to a team of horned oxen.

"Your chariot, awaits, m'lady," Cav said with a grin as he climbed up the embankment to help her back to the road and the grinning boy.

"Nanda." She repeated the boy's name when he introduced himself and returned his handshake.

"English means river," he announced proudly.

Carrie looked from the boy to Cav.

Cav gave her a wink. "Come on. We're hitching a ride."

He lifted her into the back of the cart filled with bolts of cotton fabric.

As he hitched himself up beside her, Cav explained, "from what I've gathered, Nanda's father is a merchant in the village. Nanda is on his way home with a delivery."

"He wasn't afraid of the gun?" she asked as the oxen started lumbering down the curving mountain road. Then she got it. "Oh wait. We're the delivery? He was expecting us?"

"Thanks to Wyatt. He's been putting things in play at his end," he told her. "Lie down and take advantage of the ride. We've got a ways to go."

He didn't have to tell her twice. She laid back on the bolts of cotton that were hard yet so much softer and cleaner than the ground she'd tried to sleep on at the camp. Immediately, she was gone.

SHE'D CRASHED LIKE a shooting star, as he'd known she would. Cav watched as Carrie slept on a pallet of blankets in the corner of the small bedroom in the tiny house where Nanda lived with his mother, father, and three younger sisters.

She hadn't even awakened when Cav had picked her up and carried her into the cool interior of the house in a village whose name he still hadn't figured out how to pronounce. Just like he still hadn't figured out how to deal with his feelings for this woman. Feelings that just kept getting stronger.

Nanda's mother had met them at the door. Thura was a lovely Burmese woman somewhere in the neighborhood of thirty-five. Three darling little dark-eyed girls peeked out at him from behind their mother's legs, and Cav had felt guilty for taking advantage of the family's willingness to help.

Their presence here was placing the family in danger. If it were up to him, they'd eat, rest for an hour, and be on their way. But it wasn't up to him. Time remained the enemy, but now it was too much time instead of too little. They had no choice but to hold out here until the extraction team could get into place at the prearranged time he and Wyatt had decided on forty-eight hours ago.

He'd worked this end of the equation too many times to worry that Wyatt wouldn't come through. And given that they had no options but to impose on Thura and her family, all he could do was wait it out.

Earlier, Thura's husband, Tun, had joined them, making certain they were settled. When Cav had expressed his gratitude, the young father had shown Cav into the living area, then pointed to a framed photograph on the wall.

It was a picture of Aung San Suu Kyi, the democratically elected prime minister of Burma, who had never been allowed to govern. Instead, the Nobel Peace Prize recipient had been placed under house arrest by the Junta military regime. Twenty-five years later she was still a virtual prisoner.

"You fight Junta. You are friend," Tun had stated solemnly.

And since the Junta military government ran the slave labor camps that worked the mines, it was apparent that Tun and Thura considered Cav and Carrie their friends. It was a measure of the oppression the people of Burma felt, ruled by a brutal military regime that had even taken away their country's name, renaming it Myanmar.

"We will help," Tun had added with a respectful bow. "I have car. When it is time, I drive you to meet your friends."

That had been three hours ago. Carrie had been sleeping for five, as the ride on the oxcart had taken the better part of two hours. Since she needed to recover physically, and it was still too early on the timetable to move on, Cav let her sleep.

When a soft tap sounded on the door, he shot across the room and opened it up to Thura. She was carrying a tray loaded with a teapot, two cups, and a plate of cheese and fruit.

"She is well?" she asked with a concerned glance toward Carrie, who didn't stir even when Thura set the tray on a small table.

Like her son, Thura was delighted with the opportunity to practice her English.

"She'll be fine," Cav assured her. "Thank you again, Thura, for your help."

After Thura left them, Cav watched the rise of Carrie's br**sts beneath her T-shirt, was captivated by the gentle curve of her hip, the sleek muscles of her thigh. Even found himself smiling at the utter serenity of her deep breaths, the thick lashes that were an intriguing mix of golden blond and honey.

He should take the opportunity for a quick combat nap himself before they set out again. He eased down onto the bed of blankets on the floor beside her, careful not to wake her. Dog tired, he closed his eyes. And after a few moments of just listening to her breathe he drifted into sleep.

AWARENESS CAME LIKE light, easy, unannounced. He was asleep, then he wasn't.

Awareness. That the shadows had shifted, that the day had grown shorter. The room had warmed under the noon sun; a soft breeze drifted in through the open window.

Awareness. Of soft eyes open and watching him.

He slowly turned his head and encountered blue as perfect as a New England summer day.

"Hi," he whispered.

She blinked once, slumberous and slow, as she rolled to her side facing him. "Where are we?"

He checked his watch; barely half an hour had passed since he'd lain down. He shifted to his side, facing her. "We're someplace safe," he assured her.

Her smile was soft, secure. "I already had that figured out, or you wouldn't have been sleeping."

He tried not to read too much into her trust in him. Tried not to feel protective and possessive and... Christ. This was so insane.

He barely knew her. And yet... he knew her. Knew her strength and her heart and her remarkable, resilient spirit.

His heart rumbled hard in his chest when those blue eyes full of questions and longing searched his. When she reached out, touched his face with the very tips of her fingers, he knew he should pull away. Just like he knew he couldn't.

Didn't want to. Didn't intend to.

He covered her hand with his-sandpaper against silk-and brought it to his mouth.

"You've been through a lot," he whispered a warning against her fingertips.

"Doesn't mean I don't know what I want." Sky blue transitioned to smoky cobalt as she brushed an index finger along the seam of his lips. "Doesn't mean I don't know what I need."

He groaned and gave a Hail Mary thought to playing the saint, but he didn't have it in him.

"Sometimes," she whispered, moving in until her face was just inches from his, "it's just got to be about the moment."

He was humbled by the entreaty in her eyes and by her lack of expectation beyond the here and now. She'd just told him not to feel any responsibility, any obligation or guilt. She'd given him a pass in the accountability department.

He wasn't feeling quite as cavalier. Possibly a first for him.

"I've had a lot of bad moments lately," she went on. "I need a good one. I want it to be with you."

He sucked her fingertip into his mouth, bit it lightly, then drew her flush against him. "Just promise me you won't be sorry."

She brushed her mouth against his, then skimmed her tongue along his lips. "I think you worry too much."

"Occupational hazard," he agreed, and finally kissed her.

She was turning to him in desperation. He knew that and felt guilty about it. Just not guilty enough, he thought as he deepened the kiss and slipped his hand under her clingy T-shirt to feel skin on skin.

She arched into his touch, letting him know she was totally on board, totally involved, and wonderfully responsive.

Silk, he thought, as he skimmed his palm up her rib cage and cupped a full breast in his palm. She made a soft sound that was a mix of pleasure, impatience, and a lot of encouragement. Following his lead, she slid her hands up and under his shirt. And damn near blew the top of his head off.

The touch of her hand was so sensual and seductive he had to remind himself that no matter how eager she was he needed to go easy with her. She was bruised both physically and emotionally. He was not going to charge in like a bull and overwhelm her with his own need. He didn't want to add to her problem. He wanted to fix it.

So he took his time with his hands, leisurely drank his fill of her mouth, enticing her unhurriedly to that place where pleasure outdistanced any possibility of pain, where satisfaction became the prize in a lazy and lengthy seduction that took him to a place he'd never been before with a woman: complete commitment to her needs.

He'd never been selfish, but he'd never desired to be selfless either. Until now.

With her help, he lifted her shirt over her head, gave himself a moment to look and indulge and appreciate before he lowered his head to her bare breast.

Pillow soft. Woman sweet.

And her sighs. The fluid way she moved against him, inviting him to take what he wanted, do as he pleased... she stole his breath. Despite his best intentions she turned him into a pulsing mass of sexual hunger by stoking a craving that needed to be assuaged more than he needed to breathe.

He was on fire for her. Five-alarm, fully involved, on fire. He buried his hands in her hair, shifted to his back, and pulled her over on top of him. Her weight was slight and hot nestled against him as he fumbled to drag a condom out of his backpack and put it on. Her br**sts were heavy and full as he reclaimed them with his mouth, and he wished to God that he could keep wanting only to please her.

But she did things to him. Turned selfless into selfish, and suddenly it became about tasting. And stroking. And sucking his fill as she writhed against him, pressing her pelvis against the erection that raged beneath his zipper.

He couldn't believe he was with her like this, couldn't believe that she was all but ripping his shirt off, then turning frantic fingers to his buckle before going to work on his zipper. Caught up, caught in, and caught by the storm of desire she had whipped into a frenzy, he made quick work of her cargo pants.

He knew she was commando beneath them. Still, he growled when he felt nothing but skin against his palms. For as long as he lived, he would never forget the quivering silk of her belly and buttocks as he brushed his hands against her, then lifted and settled her over his straining cock.

"No," he ground out when she would have taken him inside. "Too soon. I want you ready."

She actually laughed, as much in frustration as amusement, as she took him in her hand and guided him to her opening. "Trust me on this. I'm ready."

And Jesus, oh, Jesus, was she. Her slick heat enfolded the tip of his engorged penis like a warm, wet kiss, welcoming him deep, demanding complete penetration and obliterating caution.

She was like a vessel waiting to be filled. He gripped her hips, fully engaged and selfishly locked in what was supposed to have been her moment but had become his as well.

He lifted his h*ps to meet her, to impale and immerse himself in the sweetest friction, the most electric heat... and the absolute, incomparable sense of coming home.

She gasped his name, braced her palms on his chest, and rode with him in a rhythm that called to the ages and with an abandon that called to him like a siren's song.

He couldn't take his eyes off her as she straddled him. Her back was arched, her eyes were closed, and the expression on her face was pure, uninhibited bliss. Endless longing and forgotten pleasure. When she suddenly stiffened and her head dropped to her chest to ride out the wave of her cli**x, he knew he'd witnessed something important.

Something more than sex, more even than an emotional healing. He'd just witnessed the liberation of a spirit that had been held captive by abuse, degradation, and shame.

He was already shooting over the top when she clenched around him, shivered, and collapsed across his chest.

And later, as his hand drifted lazily over the silk of her hair, he wondered when he had started thinking, So this is the woman I've been waiting for.

Ten

"And this one?"

Cav shivered when Carrie traced a fingertip over the scar on his right thigh. When he didn't answer, she reached for a piece of fruit.

He'd retrieved the food and tea Thura had brought earlier, setting the tray on the floor at the head of their makeshift bed.

Though he was on the road to recovery physically he hadn't recovered from the rush of emotions, or from the sight of Carrie, gloriously, unself-consciously nak*d and stretched out on the blankets beside him. She'd propped herself up on an elbow and was nibbling at the fruit and cheese, studying him with a mix of concern and curiosity and the prettiest lingering sexual glow.

Those eyes. They saw too much. Said too much. The way she looked at him was as disarming as her hand was pleasing, as it drifted back to the tense muscles of his thigh.

This is the woman I've been waiting for...

He kept coming back to that. What was the point? Where was the logic? Besides, she'd made it clear that all she'd needed was a moment in time. Well, they'd had it.

And it had been astounding.

"Cav?" she pressed softly. "How did you get this scar?"

"The scar's not a big deal." He needed to follow her lead and enjoy the moment. They still had over an hour before they could leave to meet up with the extraction team. He reached for her hand and lifted it to his lips.

"Hum." She sounded as skeptical as she looked. "Yet it looks like a big deal."

She didn't need to know how he'd gotten it or the scar on his biceps or any of the dozen or so others that seemed to intrigue and worry her. When this was over she'd go back to her life in Georgia, and he'd... Well, he didn't know where he would go.

"When I told you that you worry too much, you said it was an occupational hazard." She offered him a grape. He sucked it off of her fingertips. "So what exactly do you do? Or does that fall into the 'if you tell me you'll have to kill me' category?"

He plucked some fruit off the plate. "Have another grape," he said evasively, then grinned at her put-out look.

"I still don't know how you know Wyatt," she said, respecting his privacy on the occupation question. "Or is that off-limits, too?"

For the life of him, he didn't understand how he could feel so content in the midst of a life-or-death situation, but he did. Carrie's "good moment in time" philosophy had apparently rubbed off on him.

He stretched back, folded his arms behind his head, and closed his eyes. "You first."

"This is just an observation..."

He could hear the smile in her soft southern voice.

"But it occurs to me that you practice avoidance better than anyone I've ever known."

He smiled, too, because she was not only beautiful and sexy but smart and funny. "It's that occupational-hazard thing again."

She made a sound that was something between a snort and acceptance. "We grew up together," she said, giving him his way. "Stayed friends."

He opened one eye. "Define friends." That issue had been working on him since Wyatt had called him in Jakarta.

She cocked her head and considered. "More than friends once. In high school we were an item."

"And he walked away from you?"

She leisurely traced a fingertip from his left collarbone to his right and back again. Her touch made him shiver and burn at the same time.

"Not so much away from me, as from Adel, Georgia." She lifted a shoulder. "Lotta people do. Not much excitin' goin' on around there."

He loved how her drawl had intensified as she relaxed.

"Were you heartbroken?"

She was quiet long enough that he opened his eyes again. And by the time she said, "For a while, yeah, but not anymore," he was pretty certain he didn't believe her.

She still had a thing for Wyatt.

Which probably answered his next question. "Why did you come to Myanmar, Carrie?"

Another hesitation. Another Ah ha moment when she had to think about it a bit too long.

The truthful answer probably went something like: Not long ago, Wyatt had come home to Adel with a new wife. It had stung. So Carrie Granger had gone looking for adventure. Something to help her douse the old flame and soften the blow.

He understood. Savage was a great guy. Carrie-worthy. Something he wasn't.

"I might have been a little disenfranchised," she said, breaking into his thoughts.

It occurred to him that these were the kind of moments he'd been missing for a long time. Quiet, intimate moments with a woman who mattered. Moments where barriers fell and truths came out. Dangerous moments for a CIA asset. Moments he'd had to avoid at all costs, for more years than he wanted to count.

The same years that had brought him to the place he was today: a man who could not possibly be someone good for someone like her.

"Maybe I was a little hurt that Wyatt was once and for all off-limits," she admitted.

Her soft words drew his gaze back to her face.

Her smile was whimsical. "A girl never forgets her first love, you know."

Her candor didn't surprise him; it was who she was.

"But that was then. I'm over it."

Didn't change a thing where he was concerned. He was still no good for her.

If he was honest, he had to admit that he was teetering very close to alcoholic status. He couldn't count the number of times he'd wished he had a drink in the past twelve hours.

He was burned out and just plain tapped out of goodwill toward man. He didn't know if he had enough left to pull himself away from the abyss, let alone be the man that a woman like Carrie needed.

"Why did you come for me?" she asked.

At last, an easy question. "Because Wyatt asked."

"And he knew you'd do it."

He closed his eyes again. "Yeah. He knew."

Her hand lay flat on his bare chest now. Warm and light and the most sensual presence he'd ever known.

If she had thoughts or questions about why Wyatt hadn't come himself, she didn't voice them. She lay down close to him instead and rested her head on his shoulder as if she needed the contact to keep her grounded.

"How did you find me?"

He touched a hand to her hair, pulled her closer, and thought, Fuck it. He was going to enjoy the moment. "Wasn't easy. Do you know why you were arrested?"

She made a sound of frustration. "No idea. I got out of the cab, saw a girl in trouble, and I tried to help her."

He knew the rest of the story. Had spent a lot of money and a lot of hours ferreting out the facts.

"That girl was a prostitute who had stolen from a customer, who had sent a hired enforcer to punish her. As it turns out, that same customer was also a high-ranking military official-the judge presiding over your trial."

"Oh my God," she whispered.

"And since the girl was a known prostitute, when the police saw you aiding and abetting a criminal, they assumed you were a working girl, too, and hauled you off to court."

"Some court." She shivered and snuggled even closer. "How did you find all of this out?"

"I have... sources," he said evasively, then laughed when she punched him. "My contacts checked out all the taxi companies in Mandalay, found a driver who remembered a fare for a blond English-speaking woman. He filled us in on what happened and that it was the military, not the city police, who made the arrest. After that, it was just a question of finding the judge."

A greenback still talked louder than the Myanmar kyat. A little grease on the palm had helped a court clerk remember the trial of a blond woman, possibly American, who had been sentenced and shipped off to the ruby mines.

"Did they really think they would get away with it?"

"They did," he said soberly. "You weren't going to get out of here through any diplomatic channels. The Junta military regime would never have acknowledged that you went through their system. We're talking international incident of epic proportions here.

"So once the top brass figured out what the judge had done, they went into full cover-up mode. Their intent was to leave no trace that you ever set foot on Burma soil. I'm betting some heads rolled over this, but they were in too deep to let you go."

She was quiet for a long moment. "The entire military must be looking for us by now."

He nodded. "That they are."

"How are we going to get out of the country?" She rose up on an elbow, her eyes intent on his. "My purse with my passport and all my luggage were in the taxi when the driver saw the MP and took off. I don't have a shred of ID."

"You don't need ID," he promised her. "You've got me."

He didn't want her worrying; that was for him to do. So he pulled her down and kissed her. Not because she looked like she needed kissing but because he needed it. Because he needed to feel her soft and giving beneath him one more time. Because he needed to feel the pulse of her body take him inside and remind him of the good things life had to offer.

And because he needed, even more, to have one final memory of what it felt like to make love to her in this incredible moment in time.

Eleven

Cav was pulling on his pants and making plans to get going when he heard an increase of activity outside the window.

He touched a hand to Carrie's shoulder to wake her.

She sat up abruptly. "What?"

"Something's happening. Get dressed."

An urgent knock sounded on the door. He opened it up a crack. "Soldiers have arrived," Tun said, sounding panicked. "They search the village."

"How many?"

"Two trucks. Two jeeps."

Cav swore under his breath. They hadn't skimped on the manpower. This was an all-out manhunt.

"We must go now," Tun said.

"No," Cave said adamantly. "You take the children and Thura to a safe place. I don't want you implicated in helping us." God only knew what the Junta would do to Tun and his family if they discovered they'd helped criminals.

"But-"

Cav laid a hand on Tun's shoulder, cutting him off. "We'll be fine." He checked his watch. The extraction team would already be in flight, so he had to come up with alternate transpo fast.

"Go take care of your family."

Tun hesitated. "You can find the way? You are certain?"

While Carrie was sleeping, Tun and Cav had gone over the map and he'd plugged the coordinates into his GPS. "I'll get there."

Tun finally gave in with a sober nod. "Be safe, my friend."

"You, too."

He shut the door and turned back to see Carrie had already pulled on her T-shirt and was zipping up her pants and toeing into her sandals.

"I take it we just lost our ride to wherever we were supposed to go, to meet whoever was supposed to get us out of here?"

"That pretty well sums it up." And since there were no cell phone towers for a hundred miles around, he had no way to contact the team to change the rendezvous point.

"I'll figure something out," he said, as he quickly tugged on his boots, then stuffed any shred of evidence that they'd been there into his backpack. "Ever fired a rifle?"

She paled.

Fuck. "I'll take that as a no. Okay, let's give you a crash course. This'll be fast and dirty."

He set the AK's selector switch to semiautomatic so she wouldn't dump the entire magazine on a five-second blast. Then he showed her how to work the safety and warned her to keep it on until she knew she was going to fire.

"Put the front site on the target," he said, helping her position the butt at her shoulder, "and squeeze the trigger. Thats it. Don't fight the recoil but be aware that it's gonna have some kick."

If she actually fired she was going to have a helluva bruise on her shoulder, but the adrenaline would be pumping so hard that she'd never feel it.

"You're going to miss more than you hit and that's okay. Just keep your head and avoid yanking on the trigger, or you'll dump your ammo too fast. Like my old DI used to tell me, squeezing a trigger is like touching a woman's nipple. A caress is appreciated but a yank will get you slapped."

"Well, we can't have that," she said in a tone that told him she was way out of her comfort zone.

"You'll be fine." He wished he had a set of earplugs. If she ended up firing that puppy her ears were going to ring for a week.

He policed the room one last time relieved her of the rifle, and headed for the door.

"Got one more hide-and-seek game left in you, sweetheart?" He wanted to get a read on her frame of mind.

She gave him a brave smile. She was rock solid and steady. "Monopoly's more my style. But I suppose I'll let you choose the game, being you've got the gun and all."

He didn't know many women who could keep their sense of humor over a broken nail, let alone keep their head in a life-or-death situation. He was damn proud of her.

"You're a pretty good time, you know that, Carrie Granger?"

"Oh, honey, wait till you see me when I'm not scared half out of my mind. I'll show you a real good time then."

"It's a date."

He hoped to hell he could keep it, because he needed to get them to the extraction point in less than half an hour.

THE SUN BURNED like a brand. Sweat trickled between Cav's shoulder blades as he hunkered down behind a small wagon hitched to a donkey and watched the military jeep parked across the street.

The wagon was filled with vegetables and fruit, and the owner was currently relieving himself in an alley. For the most part, the street was as quiet as the rest of the village. Most of the residents were either napping out of the sun or loafing and shooting the breeze with friends. The only ripple in the pool was the military presence. Four Junta soldiers had just pulled up in the jeep, jumped out, and started working their way down the line of shops.

Cav gauged the distance to the jeep, the distance of the soldiers from the jeep, and the probability of reaching it without being seen. Doable. It wasn't as if they had a lot of choice. Of the dozen dilapidated vehicles he'd spotted in town, Cav didn't think he could count on a single one to transport them across a street, let alone over twenty miles of winding mountain roads.

But a sure thing sat just ten yards away, provided they could get to it. And provided he could start it once they did. He figured it for a 1988, maybe '90 model. No roof, no doors, just a roll bar and sprung seats. Strictly a bare-bones imported civilian model, which meant it would need a key that was most likely with the driver.

He drew the Warthog out of his leg sheath. There was more than one way to skin a cat.

"On my go, we head for that jeep," he told Carrie, who was mouse quiet beside him. "You dive for the floor in the back. Keep your head down and pray like hell that I can get that sucker started before the nice men with guns come back for their ride."

"I can do that," she assured him.

He shoved the AK into her hands and hoped his lesson had stuck. "On my word, you point at the bad guys and squeeze the trigger, okay?"

She gave him a quick nod.

"One major point: even with the safety on, keep your finger off the trigger when we're running. Then neither of us has to worry about you shooting me in the back."

All the blood drained from her face. "Oh, God."

"You can do this. Ready?"

She drew a bracing breath and gave him another nod.

"Atta girl."

He did another visual recon of the street, saw the soldiers disappear inside a building, and shot to his feet. "Go."

He sprinted across the dusty street, peripherally aware of Carrie keeping pace beside him. The few seconds it took them to cover the ground felt like an eternity, but they made it without being spotted.

Carrie followed orders like a good soldier and scrambled onto the floor in the back. He dove for the floor in the front, then checked around for a key. No such luck.

Keeping low, he smashed the hilt of the Warthog against the steering column until he broke the plastic molding around the ignition and exposed the lock. Then he held his breath, unfolded the blade, stuck its tip into the hole, and turned it.

Nothing.

Cursing and sweating, he fiddled with the blade, reached down and depressed the clutch, and tried again. Bingo! The engine grumbled to life with a hiccup and a whine. He shot up off the floor before the motor fell into a rumbling purr, slid behind the wheel, and shifted into first gear.

"Keep your head down," he reminded her and peeled rubber, sending a rooster tail of fine dust flying in their wake. They'd made it! Almost.

The unmistakable pop pop pop of an AK-47 shattered the passenger-side windshield. So much for getting out of here unnoticed.

He glanced over his shoulder. Four Junta soldiers were squared up in the street behind them. All four had shouldered their rifles and were firing on full auto.

"Need some cover fire, sweetheart!" he yelled over his shoulder. "Just aim and squeeze. And keep your head down!"

Less than five seconds later he heard the AK shucking out rounds from the backseat.

The return fire stopped immediately.

He laughed out loud. Jesus. What a woman.

"Nice going, deadeye!" he yelled over the whine of the motor as he lead-footed the accelerator and they roared out of town.

Twelve

"Still clear," Carrie told Cav from the passenger seat.

She'd climbed into the front shortly after they'd cleared the village.

That had been a good ten miles ago and if his GPS coordinates and crash map lesson were correct, this narrow, serpentine road would lead them to the designated landing zone where the extraction team would be waiting for them in-he checked his watch again-less than five minutes.

Providing the team was waiting for them.

And providing they could limp their way there with one flat tire. One of the Juntas had scored a hit. The flat had slowed then down, but there was no way in hell Cav could stop and change it.

Blind faith was a powerful thing. It had to be, because right now that's all they had going for them.

Cav kept both hands on the wheel and one eye on the rearview mirror as they topped the rise of yet another steep grade, then rolled down a thirty-degree decline toward a long metal expansion bridge.

Straight out of an old erector set, it spanned a wide river basin flanked by deep ravines and lush grass. Small green islands floated like clouds on water the color of cafe au lait. A herd of brown horned cattle grazed placidly along the banks. Tall, jagged mountain peaks towered in the distance. And directly ahead of them hung the blazing ball of the sun, guiding their path down the road like a beacon.

The scenery was beautiful, idyllic and serene, and all Cav could think about was how in the hell a chopper was going to manage the wind currents that were bound to be prevalent at this altitude.

"How much farther?" Carrie yelled over the wind and the motor and thump thump thump of the deflated tire.

Cav glanced at her. She looked like a Rambo wet dream with the AK balanced across her lap, her unbound br**sts straining against her tight olive T-shirt, and her long legs encased in green camo pants.

And she looked like a woman he did not want to let down. Ever.

"Getting tired of my company?" He was only half joking.

"Getting worried about that dust trail that just topped the hill behind us!"

His gaze shot to the rearview mirror and he saw Junta jeep.

"Fuck!"

He'd hoped they'd had a big-enough head start to meet up with their ride before the soldiers arrived.

If they met with their ride.

He searched the road ahead of them, scanned the sky for a chopper. Except for the sun and a flock of birds nada.

He slammed down on the accelerator to spread the distance between them and the Junta, who were no more than a quarter mile away.

"Hold on!" he yelled and charged toward a pothole the size of a small ox.

Carrie clamped one hand around the roll bar, dug her fingers into his thigh, and let out a scream as the jeep hit hard, then went airborne. They crashed back down with a bone-rattling bang.

Miraculously the chassis held together.

"Hold on!" he repeated as they began to climb a forty-degree incline, the flat tire giving him ten kinds of grief as he struggled to keep the jeep on the road.

The sun was completely hidden by the hill rising in front of them; all he could see was road and sky. The motor whined and complained but he never backed off the gas. He was practically lying back in the seat as they struggled toward the peak, fishtailing and clawing for purchase.

Just when he thought they were going to stall out they crested the rise-and there, silhouetted against the burning sun, was a big, bad Huey hovering above the road like the Goodyear blimp.

The big bird was gray and gorgeous, with the thwump thwump thwump of the main rotor drowning out everything but his rebel yell. It was the most welcome sight he'd ever seen.

"OhmyGod!" Carrie ducked, a knee-jerk reaction to the low-hanging Huey.

"It's the cavalry!" Wyatt had promised a Huey and damn if he hadn't delivered.

The pilot was good. The Huey banked hard left, made a full one-eighty, then flew straight down the center of the road toward them.

"Thank you, Wyatt!" Cav pounded the flat of his palm on the steering wheel.

"Are they going to land?" Carrie yelled, casting a nervous glance over her shoulder as the Junta vehicles-a truck had joined the jeep-showed no sign of backing off.

"That was the plan," Cav yelled back, straining to be heard as the decibel level reached new heights. But when one of the chopper's crew appeared in the open doorway and kicked out a coil of rope he knew the plan had changed.

"Oh, God!" Carrie went pale. "Does that mean what I think it means?"

Cav studied the terrain ahead of them, which allowed no spot for the chopper to land. He glanced at the Junta behind them. The truck had gained ground and a gunner had gotten into position behind the big gun mounted on a tripod on the truck's roof.

Not just a big gun. Ma Duce. A Browning .50-caliber heavy-barreled belt-fed machine gun. Christ. Each projectile weighed an ounce and a half, and if one of them hit either the Huey or their jeep, there'd be nothing left but fireballs, fumes, and red mist.

Fire flashed from the big gun's muzzle and a series of roaring booms reverberated through the air.

When the road exploded ahead of them, Cav swerved hard right. The jeep skidded, fishtailed, and nearly slipped off the side of the eroding shoulder before he regained control.

Shit! If the bastard got any closer they were done for. "Switch places with me!" he yelled.

Shifting his left foot from the clutch to the accelerator to maintain speed, he scooted toward the middle of the bench seat. "Take over driving so I can catch the rig."

Her wild gaze flew to his face. "What rig?"

He hitched his chin skyward.

She looked up, saw the rope, and gasped. "You're serious?"

"You can do this! Now move!"

She gave herself a nanosecond to come to terms, then, God love her, flew into action.

He'd never switched drivers in an open vehicle racing fifty mph down the road while being chased by men with guns, but they somehow managed to shift and shimmy and change seats with barely any loss of speed or control.

A second volley from Ma Duce kicked up dirt just behind them. Another narrow miss. Third time, someone was bound to get lucky.

But then the unmistakable chuck chuck chuck of an M-60 gave Cav a reason to believe they might just get out of this.

He glanced skyward and, sure enough, the barrel of an M-60 mini-gun poked out of the belly of the Huey. The gunner was peppering the Junta truck with 7.62 x 54 NATO rounds like he was seasoning a steak.

Cav let out a war whoop. These boys knew how to throw a party!

He stood up, one hand gripping the windshield frame, the other grabbing for the tail end of the hundred-plus feet of rope that dangled from the Huey. The rotor wash whipped the rope and the attached harness back and forth like a pendulum on a wide, arching swing.

"Can we really do this?" Carrie yelled.

"Piece of cake!" he promised as the Huey pilot timed its speed perfectly to theirs, then tucked in directly overhead just low enough for Cav to finally grab the spinning harness when it swung by.

Behind them, the Junta truck and jeep had gained ground. Ma Duce kept firing. The M-60 kept answering. Cav paid no attention. He unhooked the SPIES-Special Patrol Insertion/Extraction System-harness from the dangling rope, then concentrated on getting himself buckled in.

Now came the leap of faith. There was only one harness. They needed two. He improvised by quickly making a loop out of an extra length of webbing.

"Under your arms!" he ordered Carrie as he tugged the looped strap over her head, then under her armpits in a dizzying dance of coordination and caution while her hair flew around her face and she managed to maintain control of the fast-moving jeep.

"I don't want to know what's going to happen next, do I?" Her eyes were dead ahead on the road as Cav hooked a carabiner attached to the front of his SPIES rig to the strap he'd made snug around her chest.

"One more act of faith!" he told her as he quickly hooked his SPIES harness back up to the rope, looked skyward, and gave the Huey crew a thumbs-up.

"Let go of the wheel!" He pulled Carrie out from beneath the steering column and, just that fast, they were airborne.

"Arms and legs out!" he yelled when they'd cleared the jeep and the Huey lifted them fifty feet in a split second. "Spread-eagle it or we're going to spin like a top, and then I'm going to embarrass myself and make you very unhappy!"

"I'm already unhappy!" She buried her face against his chest as the ground fell away beneath them and the chuck chuck chuck of the M-60 sang like music above them.

As they flew through the air and cleared the tree line, Cav looked down to see the jeep roar off the road. It bounced several yards, then rolled end over end down a steep ravine and exploded in a ball of fire. Even more spectacular was the sight of the M-60 lighting up the Junta truck in a blazing fireball when the Huey's gunner scored a direct hit.

Prettiest sight he'd ever seen. Well, almost.

He glanced down at the woman in his arms as they continued to climb, dangling from the end of that long rope at a dizzying two hundred feet above the ground and a heart-racing seventy or eighty mph.

She was the prettiest sight he'd ever seen as she lifted her face to his. Through her fear and her shock, she met his eyes with a smile so dazzling it lit a fire inside him that made the flame-engulfed Junta truck pale in comparison.

"MAN, YOU GUYS are a sight for sore eyes!" Cav yelled above the Huey's engine roar.

They'd set down in a field a safe mile away from the extraction site so Cav and Carrie could climb on board.

"Just like old home week." Luke-Doc Holliday-Colter grinned as he held out a hand and pulled Carrie up into the chopper bay.

He had that right, Cav thought as he scrambled up behind her, shook hands all around, and saw the men who'd enlisted his help to blow up half of Jakarta's waterfront over a year ago in their rescue mission of Crystal Debrowski.

"Glad we could return the favor." Johnny Reed sat at the bird's controls with none other than Nate Black riding in the copilot seat.

"Thanks, man." Cav returned a quick embrace and back slap from Joe Green, his old CIA buddy. "When Wyatt said he'd send a team, I didn't know he was going to call out the big guns. Appreciate it."

"Like Reed said"-Nate turned in the seat-"one good turn needs another."

"I'd say this more than makes us even." Cav glanced at Carrie, who was still wide-eyed and a little shocky. "Carrie," he yelled to be heard above the Huey's big engine, "meet Reed, Doc, Joe, and Nate. Friends of Wyatt's. Friends of mine," he added as he strapped in while Doc made sure Carrie was secure.

As soon as they were buckled up, the Huey lifted off and they tore through the skies.

"It's over," Cav said, leaning in close to Carrie. "It's finally over."

Not until then did she finally break down and cry.

Thirteen

Her life had gone from colorless to vivid Technicolor, then back to shades of gray again.

Rain streaked down the tall glass panes as Carrie stood alone, staring out the window of the waiting area outside the consulate's office at the U.S. embassy in Jakarta.

She still couldn't believe she was in Indonesia. Or that Cav was in conference with the consulate, arranging her passage back home.

Home. The concept was abstract to the max, even though she'd spoken to her parents a short while ago, fighting tears as they'd wept openly with relief.

She didn't feel relief yet. She still felt numb disbelief. Less than twelve hours ago she'd been outrunning soldiers with big guns, flying through the air at the end of a very long rope before being set carefully back on the ground, then hustled into a helicopter by men she'd never met but now owed her life to.

Reed. Black. Green. Colter. Friends of Cav's. Friends of Wyatt, who had orchestrated their action-adventure-movie rescue from thousands of miles away in the United States.

Life in living color.

She folded her arms beneath her br**sts and sighed deeply. It was what she'd wanted: a little excitement, a little color. Well. She'd gotten way more than she'd bargained for.

Her memories were so out of focus that she couldn't accurately reconstruct what happened after the chopper had touched down. A fast, loud flight. Landing somewhere in Bangladesh. Boarding a waiting jet for a charter flight to Jakarta.

Shock, she supposed. Shock and confusion and a sense that life as she'd known it was never going to be the same again.

How could it be, after David Cavanaugh?

She flashed on a vivid, visceral memory of him nak*d and needing her. Of the dark eyes that had burned into her soul when he'd made love to her. The connection had been intimate and meaningful, and now... Well, now, apparently, it was over.

It had become acutly clear that with the transition from peril to peace, the only part David Cavanaugh intended to play in her future was that of a memory.

She jumped when she heard a sound behind her, spun around, and there he stood: the reason her life had changed forever.

Her savior. Her lover. And very soon part of her history, if the emotional distance he'd erected between them was any indication.

She watched him walk toward her, swallowed back the pain. He was larger than life, twice as imposing, a vibrant light as moving as a sunrise... but for the veiled look in his eyes when they met hers.

"It's a go," he said, holding up a handful of legal-looking documents. He gripped her elbow and steered her briskly toward the exit. "But we've got to move fast, before they change their minds and we end up hamstrung by paperwork that could keep you here until the next millennium."

She didn't ask him how he'd managed to unsnarl the paperwork; he wouldn't answer her anyway. He never answered anything.

It didn't matter. She'd already figured out by the deference he was shown at the embassy that David Cavanaugh was an important man. She'd already known he was extraordinary. And even though he had to know she was confused and hurt, he remained as distant as her freedom from the labor camp had once seemed to be.

Rain poured down in a deluge as they sprinted to a waiting car. She was soaked to the bone as they ducked into the backseat, then a driver took them through the clogged city streets to the airport, where a chartered jet waited to fly her back to the States.

Silent, she watched the city speed by through rain-blurred windows. What was the point in talking? Idle conversation would be both painful and insulting.

"You doing okay?" Cav finally asked from across the very far distance to his side of the backseat.

She nodded, unable to look at him. If she looked at him, she'd just see that carefully imposed distance that meant heartbreak, regret, and good-bye.

Could she really just let this happen without saying a word? Without at least making it a little easier for him? Didn't she owe him that much?

She glanced at him, saw his dark eyes watching her with regret and maybe even a little longing. But she couldn't go there. If he wanted more, he'd had ample opportunity to say so. Plenty of chances to reach for her, to pull her into his arms and tell her...

No. There was a bottom line here that she couldn't ignore. He'd done none of those things. He was letting her go. It was the end of this particular love story, and she had to let him know it was okay.

"Look." She drew a steadying breath to settle herself. "I get it, okay?" She forced a smile. "I understand that saying good-bye isn't easy for you either."

"Carrie-"

She held up a hand, stopping him. She didn't want to hear that he was sorry. She didn't want to make him tell her what she already knew. He deserved to walk away with a clear conscience.

After all, he hadn't known she was going to fall in love with him. And as outrageous and illogical as it was she had. She'd fallen hard.

He leaned forward, pushed a button, and raised the glass partition between the front and back seat so they could speak in private.

"It's okay," she said forcing herself to hold his gaze. Forcing a smile despite the pain, when his expression told her how uncomfortable he was. "We got a little lost in the moment out there. Desperate times, desperate measures and all that." She lifted a shoulder. "People get caught up in a life-or-death situation and it's human nature to say things, do things... things they meant at the time but don't translate to the real world."

He looked away, ducked his head as if he was struggling to form the right words. When he finally spoke, his voice was thick with regret. "You're an amazing woman, Carrie Granger. Another life... another time-"

"Don't." She let herself touch his arm, just one last touch. "You don't need to explain anything. And you don't owe me anything. But I owe you. I owe you my life. More, even. You gave me the adventure of a lifetime," she added, desperate to make him think she wasn't dying a little inside. "To steal a line from my all-time favorite movie, 'You're the best time I've ever had.'

She made herself smile for him. "What matters is that I asked you for a moment back there. You gave it to me. And it was wonderful. But now it's time for both of us to move on with our lives."

She averted her gaze to the window then, willing back the tears that threatened to expose her for the liar that she was.

If he realized how close she was to coming unglued, he wisely chose to pretend right along with her that everything was fine.

Black and white and gray and fine.

CAV WATCHED THE G-550 Gulfstream business jet taxi down the tarmac, wait for clearance, then fire its powerful engines and roll down the runway.

For a full minute after the sleek silver bird disappeared he stood there in the rain, soaking wet and numb to the bone.

Carrie was on her way home to Georgia. Exactly where she should be, safe and sound, doing good things, having good things happen to her.

He was right to let her go. Like she'd said, what they'd had was a moment in time. And it was over.

He turned and climbed back into the waiting limo. Made a decision.

He was going to find himself a big bottle of scotch. He shoved his wet hair back with both hands, closed his eyes, and leaned his head back against the seat. A huge f**king bottle. Then he was going to do his damnedest to drink her out of his life.

Fourteen

"Hey, sugar. Got a cup of coffee for a thirsty man?"

Carrie looked around her computer monitor to see Wyatt Savage standing in her office doorway. During the past two weeks she'd gotten used to his impromptu visits. Since Sophie was a patient here, Wyatt spent most of every day at the hospital with her, but he often popped in to say hello.

"Pot's on. Help yourself."

She'd been home from Jakarta for fourteen days now, and life had remained as gray and dismal as the weather. As fate would have it, the rain had followed her from Jakarta to Georgia and hadn't let up yet. She hadn't seen the sunshine since she'd been back.

"How's Sophie doing today?" she asked as Wyatt helped himself to coffee from the fresh pot she kept on the credenza beside her desk.

Carrie had been shocked to learn that Sophie had been admitted to the hospital the same day she'd left for Myanmar. While it had been touch and go for a while, as of yesterday both Sophie and the baby were in stable condition.

"She's doing great." Wyatt sat on the leather easy chair across from her desk. "So's the baby. The doctors are thinking she'll make it to full term now. They may even release her by the end of the week."

"Oh, Wyatt, that's wonderful news." Carrie smiled at her friend. Between worrying about Sophie and the baby and concern over her, he'd been a wreck when she'd returned. It had taken him a couple of days to tune in to her somber mood, and he'd chalked it up to her harrowing ordeal. But it hadn't taken long for him to put two and two together and realize there was something more going on.

"So how are you doing?" he asked over the steam rising from the cup.

"I'm good," she said meaningfully. "And I don't want to talk about it." Her face flushed with embarrassment as she thought about the way she'd fallen apart yesterday.

She'd had a long, grueling day, a "poor me" moment, and Wyatt had caught her with her defenses down. She'd sniveled all over his shoulder about her heartbreak over David Cavanaugh. It had not been her finest hour.

"I'm good," she repeated when he gave her a look that telegraphed concern, skepticism, and pity. Then she glanced out the window. "I'd be a lot better if the sun would come back out."

He didn't say anything for a moment. "He's a complicated man."

"Yes," she agreed. "Who's half a world away with a life to live. I've got a life, too. A good one, so stop looking at me like my dog died. Go back to your wife and give her a hug for me. I've got to tie up this report, then I'm heading home. It's been a long day."

"Fine. I get it. I'll butt out." He rose, his kind eyes assessing. "But if you ever want to talk..."

"I did enough of that yesterday. Now go. I'm fine."

She was still trying to convince herself of that when she pulled into her driveway an hour later. The drizzle had transitioned to a steady rain, so she gathered her purse and laptop and sprinted for the door.

"Come on, come on," she muttered as she dug into the bowels of her purse for her house keys, trying to keep from dropping her laptop.

"Can I help you with that?"

Her head flew up.

And there he was.

The man who had haunted her days and kept her awake at night.

She simply stared incapable of speech as he relieved her of the laptop.

"I don't know about you" he said with a trademark David Cavanaugh smile, "but I'm getting a little wet."

Yeah. He was. So was she. She didn't care. "What... what are you doing here?"

He smiled. "Getting wet. But we already covered that."

"Oh. Right. Sorry. Hold on." Her hands were shaking as she dug back into her purse and finally came up with the elusive keys.

"Damn it!" she swore, almost dropping them when she couldn't make her fingers work.

A big hand covered hers. "Let me help."

She let him take the keys. Then she just stood there, staring at his beautiful, hard, amazing face, trying to come to grips with the fact that he was here, in Georgia, on her porch.

He calmly inserted the key in the lock, turned it, and swung the door open.

"Carrie?"

She blinked. Lifted a hand. "Go on in."

He motioned for her to lead the way.

Her legs felt wooden as she stepped into the small foyer. Her heart beat like crazy. And though it was a muggy eighty degrees outside, she shivered in her wet clothes as the door closed behind her.

"Pretty dress," he said from behind her.

"I... um... thanks." It was a pretty dress. It was a sleeveless, summery yellow linen, and why they were talking about it was beyond her.

Apparently any semblance of rational thought was beyond her, because she couldn't come up with a single thing to say to him that didn't start and end with her begging him to stay. Only pride kept her from doing that.

"How are you, Carrie?"

She walked across the foyer, set her purse on a small table, and after drawing a steadying breath, turned back to him. He looked so big standing there in her little house. Big and imposing and uncomfortable as he held out her laptop. And wet. His hair was wet. His shirt was wet and plastered to his skin. And why, oh why, was he here?

"I'm okay." She took the laptop, then set it down beside her purse. "You... you look good."

He looked fantastic in dark dress pants and a pale blue silk shirt that was open at the throat. She could see his pulse beating there, and suddenly she was swamped by a memory of her lips pressed there, where he'd been hot and salty and vital.

"Let me get you a towel." She took off like a shot, because if she stood there one moment longer she was going to do something stupid. Like fly into his arms. Like kiss him until they were both senseless and show him exactly how desperate she was to keep him here. Right here, where he couldn't possibly want to stay.

In the hallway that separated the living area from the bedrooms, she flattened her palms against the wall and leaned back against it. She closed her eyes, made herself draw a deep breath, willed herself to get it the hell together.

"Carrie."

Her eyes flew open. He stood right in front of her, his dark eyes steady and unblinking on her face. His big body close and moving closer. "I don't need a towel."

His mouth was a shallow breath away. Heat pulsed off of him like a heartbeat.

"N-no towel?"

He shook his head, brushed his nose against hers. "No. What I need is you."

"Oh, God," she sobbed and flew into his arms.

She didn't care anymore that she should exercise caution. And when his mouth slammed over hers in a kiss of desperation and desire, she knew he felt the same way.

He lifted his head long enough to murmur, "Bedroom," against her lips before taking her under again with a blistering kiss that stole what was left of her breath.

They managed to stumble down the hall, fumbling with buttons and zippers before falling onto her bed. Naked. Hungry. Beyond greedy for the feel of skin on skin, his mouth on her breast, his hands in her hair, his body pressing hers into the bed.

"I'm sorry," he whispered against her breast, his breath hot and damp on her nipple. "I'm sorry I let you go. I'm sorry I hurt you."

She choked out a sob, a memory of the pain of losing him, and embraced the reality of now. He was here now. He was hers now. And there wasn't any pain. Only deep, penetrating pleasure.

She arched against him, reveling in his weight and his heat and his passion as he parted her thighs and entered her on a long, deep stroke.

She cried out with wonder as he led her to a rich orgasm that shot through her like a fire that an entire year of rain could never douse.

Trembling, clinging, crying, she rode the stunning wave while he pumped into her one last time, then collapsed as his own release ripped through him.

IT WAS DARK by the time Cav roused himself enough to realize he was alone in the bed. A dim light glowed from the top of a chest of drawers across the room.

He rolled over to his back, willed the fatigue away, and indulged himself in his surroundings. Soft greens, pale, pale blues. Cloud whites. The woman knew how to create a serene, peaceful haven.

Ultimately, that's what he'd come here searching for. A safe haven in the arms of this woman he loved.

"You're awake."

He glanced toward the doorway and felt both arousal and gratitude when he saw her standing there. Her pretty blond hair was a mess and he felt a swell of pride that he'd been the one to mess it up. To mess her up. Her lips were swollen. Her eyes were slumberous and dark.

She was wearing his shirt. One button buttoned, falling off her left shoulder. It had never looked better.

He held out a hand. She crossed the room, took it, and sat on the mattress by his hip. He lifted their linked hands and studied the fit of their entwined fingers before shifting his gaze and searching her face.

Her beautiful, open face.

She was uncertain about what would happen next. And she was edgy with it.

"I'm not going anywhere," he said, because she needed to hear it, he needed to say it, and because it was true.

She closed her eyes and lowered her head, but not before he saw a tear trail down her cheek.

"Come 'ere," he whispered and tugged her down beside him.

He wrapped her in his arms and held her while she cried.

"I'm sorry," he murmured against the silk of her hair.

"I don't know why I'm doing this." She sounded embarrassed and angry at herself.

He knew why. And it broke his heart.

"I'm not usually such a weenie."

"Sweetheart." He squeezed her hard. "I know what you're made of. You don't have to apologize for anything. But I do."

She sat up and wiped her eyes. He scooted over so she could sit cross-legged beside him, the tails of his shirt tucked between her legs.

"I didn't think I was ever going to see you again." She looked down at the cuff of his shirt, which hung well past her fingertips.

"That was the original plan." He reached for an extra pillow and propped it behind his head.

"But you changed your mind."

Hands crossed behind his head, he stared at the ceiling. "I'm not sure I'm going to be any good at this," he admitted. "At being the man you need. At being the man I need to be. For you. And for me."

"Cav-"

He cut her off with a shake of his head. "You need to know up front what you're getting into, Carrie."

More than that, he needed to tell her.

"My old man was career military," he said after the long moment it took for him to decide to just tell it like it was. "Loved the army, his booze, and his family, in that order. He was a good man. Just didn't always have his priorities straight, you know? He always figured he'd die in action, but in the end it was the booze that got him."

He glanced at her, then away, and went on before he lost his nerve.

"Look, I don't want this to come out like the ramblings of a poor, neglected army-brat son of an alcoholic. It wasn't that way. I admired him. Even though I knew where I stood on his food chain. And it was okay. It set my career course."

He glanced at her again, half expecting her to ask, but she didn't. Another measure of her intelligence and sensitivity. She knew instinctively that he had to tell this in his own time, his own way.

"I was CIA," he said, knowing those three little letters were right now painting a picture in her mind of shadowy warriors pushing the envelope of diplomacy and international law.

"We're not everything the novelists and journalists would have you believe we are. We don't do all the things you might have been led to believe we've done."

"You save lives," she said simply. "You serve your country."

He swallowed, humbled by her absolute, unquestioning belief in his motives and integrity.

"Yeah," he said. "All that."

He looked at her then. "It... it takes a toll after a while."

"How could it not?"

He firmed his lips, looked away. This was the hard part. "Service to country isn't all I inherited from the old man," he finally admitted.

She was quiet for a while. "You said he was an alcoholic."

"Yeah." He looked back at her. She watched him with quiet eyes, no judgment. "And I don't want to be."

Her gaze held his, steady and unwavering in the face of what he hadn't said. That he had a problem. That he wanted to fix it.

"That's why I resigned," he clarified, and even now he felt the weight of that decision and the shock wave that had rippled through the chain of command. "I've developed an unhealthy relationship with scotch over the years."

"To help you cope."

And to help him forget. "I don't want to use that crutch anymore. I can't use that crutch anymore."

"Then you won't," she said simply.

He smiled, feeling cynical and weary. "You don't know me well enough to know that. And I don't deserve that much credit."

"This is what I know." She reached for his hand and folded it between both of hers. "I know that I love you. I know that for you to open up to me this way, you love me, too."

"I do." He reached for her and pulled her down until her mouth was a breath away from his. "I do love you. More than life."

"Damn," she whispered against his mouth. "I'm going to cry again."

And he was going to spend the rest of his life making sure she didn't ever have a reason to cry again.

"SO WHAT TOOK you so long?" Carrie teased as she wiped her hands on a napkin.

They were nak*d in the middle of her bed. Still working on slaking their desire for each other, refortifying their energy with a bucket of take-out chicken.

"To come for you? The guys and I had a little unfinished business to tend to." Cav set the bucket aside.

She settled into his arms like he'd had a place for her there forever. "The guys?"

"Reed, Green, Colter, and Black."

Her eyes went all soft and adoring. "You went back to the mines."

"I told you I wouldn't forget about those people."

He couldn't save the world. He'd thought he could once, but he knew better now. He could save those starving, abused souls who'd been enslaved at the Myanmar ruby mine, though.

And thanks to this woman, he might even be able to save himself.

"Thank you," she whispered, pressing soft kisses along his jaw line.

"The pleasure"-he rolled her beneath him, thanking good fortune that she'd come into his life-"is all mine."

When she fell asleep a little while later, he simply laid there and watched her. She was smiling. At peace.

So was he. He'd made the right decision to come to her.

He still had no idea what his future held. After years of service, that should have been unnerving. But now he had Carrie by his side.

Haven. Yeah. It was right here, he thought, drifting off to sleep. Right by this woman's side.

