-1-

Nolan Buchanan, one of the three owners and CEO of Buchanan Enterprises, stared at the scrawl on the paper in his hand, openly perplexed and rapidly growing agitated. Was it possible? Was this some sort of trick? There were plenty of people who wanted a piece of a Buchanan, but only an idiot would stoop to something so easily disproved...unless it was no ruse and they had the DNA to back up their claim. Sweat dampened his brow and he wiped it away as he dropped the paper to the table and stalked away, needing a moment to collect himself.

"You look as if you've just seen your past flash before you and you're about to fall over in a faint," his twin brother Vince joked as they passed in the expansive hallway of their family home. When Nolan didn't offer a rejoining quip, Vince double-backed and followed him with a subtle frown. "What's wrong?" he asked. "Is it Penny? Oh, shit. It's Penny, isn't it? Where's Dillon? She's not due for another month! I warned Dillon she was doing too much in her delicate state but he didn't listen - " Just as Vince started to jabber about Penny's recent mad dash to repaint the nursery for the third time as if he were the father instead of Dillon, their older brother, Nolan gripped his arm tightly and shook his head.

"It's not Penny; she's fine," he assured his twin, still not able to fathom the gravity of the situation if it were true. He lifted his gaze to Vince's and said, "You're not going to believe this - frankly, I'm having a hard time believing it myself, but...I just got an anonymous note in the mail saying that I'm a father."

Vince's eyes widened then he shook his head in disbelief. "No way. It's a shake-down for money," he said. "Father to whom? And who is the alleged mother?"

"Yeah, that's what I thought, too," he agreed. "What do you think I should do?"

"Was there a name attached to this supposed baby mama?"

"No. Just that I'd find her working as the sports trainer for a minor hockey league team called the San Jose Juggernaut."

"There was no contact information?"

Nolan shook his head. "Should I just ignore this and see if it's a hoax? Maybe it'll just go away if I don't give it any attention." Vince's dubious expression mirrored Nolan's gut instinct and he sighed, knowing what he had to do. "Looks like a trip to San Jose is in my near future," he said.

"I could go with you," Vince offered. "I could use a change in scenery. Besides, I'm jumpy as a long-tailed cat in a room filled with rockers with Penny waddling around, changing this and changing that when she ought to put her ass in a chair and relax. I don't know how Dillon deals with her right now."

Nolan nodded but his mind was moving too quickly in a myriad of different directions to add his opinion on their stubborn, very-pregnant sister-in-law when he was fighting the urge to lose his lunch on the Italian tiles.

A child?

"It's probably a hoax," Vince said, trying to ease his fear but it wasn't working and worse, Penny herself appeared from the living room, munching on one of her repulsive ice cream, corn chip, and mustard concoctions that she swore was delicious.

"What's a hoax?" she asked, around a spoonful, looking to the twins for an answer. She rubbed her round belly and groaned, causing both Nolan and Vince to rush to her side in case she needed help but she swatted them both away with open irritation. "You're both as bad as Dillon. I'm not going to break. You treat me like glass. I'm fine," she assured them with a smile. "This baby is not coming anytime soon. Now, answer my question. What do you think is a hoax?"

Nolan shot Vince a look, reluctant to tell Penny just yet but he could tell she wasn't going to let him off the hook without an answer so he simply cut to the chase, saying, "I'm fairly certain it's a ruse to shake me down for some money but someone sent me an anonymous note saying that I fathered a child." Just saying the words made his knees shake a little. He cleared his voice and straightened, "But I'd have known if I'd fathered a child. I mean, I'm always careful."

Penny narrowed her stare at him and he shifted under her assessing gaze. The thing about Penny was, she wasn't simply his sister-in-law - she'd once been his and Vince's lover, too. Long story. They didn't talk about it anymore - Dillon had already threatened to remove their eyeballs if Nolan or Vince so much as dared to gaze in memory at her lovely breasts - but in that one look, Nolan saw a wealth of knowing and he flushed. "I always check to make sure protection is used in some form or another," he said in a low tone. "I would never be so foolish as to play without a safety net."

"You have to find out if it's true or not," she said adamantly. "How old is this child?"

"The note didn't say, just that I'll find the mother working for the San Jose Juggernaut, a minor league hockey team, as a sports trainer."

"Well, that settles it; we're going on a road trip." She turned and started to waddle away, presumably to pack and Nolan groaned and caught her arm gently. "What?" she asked, frowning. "I can travel," she insisted.

"I'm sure you can but I'd rather handle this on my own," he said, hoping he didn't hurt her feelings. Please don't cry, he prayed. Since her pregnancy, Penny had burst into tears at the oddest moments. One time he found her sobbing over the toaster oven because her toast was too dark on one side. Dillon had responded by throwing out the toaster and immediately buying her a new one, desperate to stem the tears in anyway possible. It might've seemed extreme but Nolan would've done the same. Penny was precious to them and now she was carrying the next generation of Buchanan.

His knees trembled again. Was there another Buchanan out there? Was it a boy or a girl? He scrubbed his hands over his face, focusing. "I need to handle this privately, love. Besides, didn't Dillon promise you a quick getaway to Napa for a spa pampering day?"

She brightened. "Oh! That's right! He did," she agreed, remembering. "Sorry, Nolan. I need that spa day. My back is screaming. You think you can handle this on your own?"

He nodded. "I do. It's probably nothing. I'll be back before you know it."

"Okay. Let me know how it turns out." She smiled and waddled away, her mind likely already focused on full-body massages and chocolate-dipped strawberries, which was fine by Nolan. A distracted Penny at this stage in her pregnancy was a good thing.

"You dodged a bullet there," Vince said, chuckling.

"Don't I know it. I love her but..."

"Say no more. So, do you want my company or would you rather go solo?" he asked.

"Actually, I think I'll handle this on my own. Besides, aren't you supposed to be at the club tonight? Something about a new sub to introduce to the dungeon?"

Vince grinned broadly. "Yeah, I can hardly wait."

Yeah, he'd rather spend time in pursuing something pleasurable as well but he knew he couldn't rest until he put to bed this ridiculous claim. He forced a grin for his brother's sake and perhaps for his own. "It's nothing. And when I find out who thought pulling this ruse was a good idea, I'm going to give them a taste of Buchanan justice."

Vince nodded in support. "Go get 'em, bro."

Feeling far more confident than he did a moment ago, Nolan strode from the room to make the arrangements. Perhaps with some luck, he'd be back within a day or two and he could catch a little entertainment with his brother.

Bolstered by that cheery thought, a true smile more fitting for his easy-going nature found his lips and he started to whistle, his mind already forming all the appropriately cruel ways to ruin this misguided fool who'd dared to threaten a Buchanan.

"Ow! You're killing me!"

Shannon Garrity ignored the outraged bellow of the hulking beast of a man, affectionately known on the ice as "Killer" and continued to carefully rotate the man's leg to see how badly damaged it was. Judging by the reaction of her player, it was pretty bad. She sighed and gave Killer a look that conveyed the unfortunate news she was about to share and the man started to plead 'I can still play!' but she shook her head sadly. "Sorry, but that leg's going to have to heal if you want to have any chance of playing next year. You're benched effective as of today. I'm sorry, Carl." She placed a hand on his shoulder with compassion. "Next stop for you is the doctor for an MRI - not the bar, okay?"

Carl, six-foot four-inches of solid muscle but not a lot of brain, nodded like a child who'd been caught before he'd even put his plan into motion and hopped from her table to grab his crutches. She watched as Carl made his way out of the small room she used for examining team injuries and CeCe, her intern, walked in holding Aubrey, Shannon's nearly three-year-old daughter. "There she is," Shannon cooed, accepting the toddler from CeCe's arms. "Thanks for going to pick her up. I got swamped and wasn't able to break away to get her," she said.

"No problem," CeCe said, smiling. "She's such a cutie."

"Yes, she is," Shannon agreed, rubbing her nose with her daughter's and causing her to giggle. Her laughter lit up the days that were a challenge, such as today. She hated this time of year - draft cuts. She tried not to get too attached but some of the guys she worked with were like oversized kids and she adored them all. Many had dreams of moving onto the NHL but some just weren't cut out for the next level. She always winced when she saw the empty lockers after the cut players received their notice.

"Is there anything else you need?" CeCe asked and Shannon shook her head. "Okay, if you don't mind, I'm going to cut out a little early. I have some studying to do."

"No problem." Shannon smiled and collected her stuff to leave. "I'm actually done for the day. I'll see you bright early tomorrow, right? We have assessments to do on the players."

"Yep."

CeCe, a young college grad with her eye on landing a position similar to Shannon's, was the typical college coed - if one went by stereotypes. The girl had curves and wasn't afraid to use them if the hungry gazes from the players were any indication. Shannon had tried to talk CeCe about the importance of separating business from pleasure but the bottom line was, Shannon was a temporary fixture in her life until she moved on to bigger pastures.

With Aubrey on her hip, she navigated past the locker rooms and popped out the backside of the rink to walk toward her car. A strange prickling sense caused the hair on the back of her neck to stand up and she glanced around, to survey her surroundings. Seeing nothing out of the ordinary, she kept walking, although she picked up her step a little bit. After fastening Aubrey in her car seat, she hopped into her little sedan and headed home.

You're being a silly goose. And paranoid. The more miles she put between herself and that feeling, she realized she'd been silly. No more late-night movies about crime dramas, she reasoned to herself.

Turning up the radio, she perked up when she and Audrey's favorite song came on. Shannon sang while Aubrey kicked her feet and giggled and by the time Shannon pulled into her small apartment complex, she'd completely forgotten about the weird sensation she'd had back at work.

Tomorrow was Friday. Aside from a full day at work, her plans were pretty static. Later that night, after tucking Aubrey into bed, she poured herself a glass of wine and slowly savored the first sip. She loved her life but there were times when she wished things had happened a little differently. She certainly hadn't expected to become a mother so young and so early in her career. But even as she lamented her quiet nights from time to time, she knew she wouldn't trade Aubrey for anything in the world. The child was her everything.

She carried her wine glass to the living room and sank into the sofa. Her friend Georgia had suggested that she put up an online dating profile so she could get some, "adult time" but even as Shannon desperately wanted a little companionship now and then, she couldn't fathom introducing someone into Aubrey's life that was simply transient. So, for now, Shannon's needs were met by her trusty and ever faithful vibrator.

Shannon took another healthy sip and leaned back against the sofa cushion, feeling that familiar yearning as she closed her eyes, picturing a scene from the past that always managed to warm her engine nicely.

It'd been a purposefully chance encounter - she'd been looking for someone to scratch an itch as a reward for all her hard work and studying to graduate at the top of her class in order to land a coveted position with the Juggernaut and she'd known the minute he'd walked into the club that she was going to have him.

He'd oozed charm and easy-going grace but beneath that laid-back exterior, she'd seen the carnal hunger in his eyes that spoke to the hunger curling itself around her bones. She hadn't played coy or hard-to-get; she'd played to win.

"Like what you see?" she'd asked boldly when he'd openly assessed what she had on display with the tight, form-fitting short dress. She knew she had a great body - years of competitive swimming had carved away any extra fat, leaving behind lean muscle - and judging by his slow grin, he agreed. "Attached?" she'd asked, getting straight to the point.

"No. You?"

"Would it matter?"

"Not really," he admitted, moving a little closer, his gaze caressing her body as if he already had the right. "I don't pity any fool who would leave someone like you unattended in a place like this. His loss would definitely be my gain if you were attached." There was something arrogant yet plainly sexy about the way he'd perused her body and it'd sparked a fire inside of Shannon that had begun to heat her body with a flame she hadn't felt in a long time. College had been long and filled with hours of study and tests and she was feeling reckless. He had just the kind of build she enjoyed - tall but not overly so, with lean muscle, similar to her own, his posture emanating strength and virility. "Shall we?" he asked solicitously and she accepted his hand as he lead her out of the loud, throbbing din of the club. The cool night air had kissed her exposed skin and goosebumps had rioted but he'd immediately warmed her by rubbing her skin while they awaited the valet to return with his vehicle. "What's your name?"

She slanted her gaze up at him, noting with delight his beautiful, soulful eyes, and said, "Does it really matter? We both know this isn't for anything but sex." She looped her arms around his neck and murmured, right before lifting her mouth to his, "Do you have a problem with that?"

"Not at all," he answered, plunging his tongue into the shelter of her warm and ready mouth, eager to taste and touch. She melted against him, as his expert tongue plundered and conquered as she willingly surrendered. "But I want you to know my name," he said.

"And why is that?"

"Because I want to hear you cry out my name when I'm making you cum, over and over again until you're too weak to stand and when you leave in the morning, you'll know exactly whose cock fucked you within an inch of your life."

Shannon graced him with a smile, impressed. "All right, I'll bite. What's the name I will be crying out in sheer ecstasy?" she asked with light humor but the wolfish smile he returned, sent more goosebumps tripping down her body as he pulled her tightly against him.

"The name's Nolan Buchanan, love; remember it because I'm going to make you forget all other men after tonight."

"Tall order," she challenged breathlessly. "But I like your confidence - hopefully, it's not misplaced or overblown."

At that, he'd laughed and she'd known, even then, that she was never going to forget that night.

Shannon sighed in longing at the scorching memory.

God, that man had made fucking an art. Shannon had never realized the many and varied ways one could completely dissolve into the most earth-shattering orgasm but Nolan had delighted in teaching her many things, including the unparalleled pleasure of being penetrated in both places at once. Even just thinking about it made her blush furiously but her legs scissored as she squeezed her thighs together, her core heating with slippery need.

"Have you ever taken a cock up your ass," he'd whispered against the shell of her ear as he held her tightly against the hard ridge of his abdomen, his rock-solid cock, pressing insistently against the cleft of her behind. Her breathing was harsh as she tried to recover from their last round and she nodded as she swallowed, squeezing her eyes shut as the last waves of her orgasm slowly faded. "How about two cocks at once?" his silky tone caused her to groan as she shook her head. "Well, you're in luck. I have something you're going to love." He whirled her around and he produced a large, silicone cock that looked suspiciously like his own. Her gaze widened in question and he laughed without a hint of modesty, saying, "Yes, I had it molded using my own cock. It's amazing what you can discover on the Internet. Now," he advanced toward her with the dildo. "Come here, love. I want to stuff you full of Buchanan cock."

She gasped, intensely aroused by the idea and when he told her to lay down with her legs up, she laughed shakily and did as he instructed but covered her eyes with embarrassment as he threw her legs over his shoulder and insert the dildo between her folds. She sucked in a tight breath as the dildo stretched her passage but it bumped up nicely against her G-spot, abrading the sensitive patch with precision, just as Nolan's flesh and blood cock had done. "And now for my favorite part..." he smeared a dollop of cool lube on her tightly closed bud and then eased the thick, fleshy head of his cock at her entrance. "Come on, baby, let me in," he coaxed, gently pushing his staff past the sphincter, inch by inch, until the muscle stopped resisting and he slid in. Her stomach muscles trembled, overwhelmed by the sensation of being completely filled in both private places and her nipples hardened as intense arousal washed over her. It was so dirty and bad - God, she loved it. A groan escaped her, in spite of biting her lip to hold back her cries. Nolan grunted with pleasure as her tight hole squeezed his cock and he began to flex his hips against her. The dildo pressed unerringly against her sensitive pleasure spot deep inside while Nolan's cock began to tease the wildly arcing nerve endings within her ass and she began to lose control quickly.

"Holy Jesus," she cried, shaking all over, sweat breaking out across her body as she thundered toward another orgasm, only this one threatened to break her in half when it came and the idea frightened and excited her. "Oh God," she said, trembling. "N-Nolan!"

"That's right, baby, say my name," he commanded, gripping her legs tightly as he pushed himself deeper inside her, the sound of their skin slapping together carnal music to her ears. "Say it!"

"N-Nolan! Oh God, that's it," she cried, unable to hold back. It was coming - and it was going to be big. Everything clenched and exploded in a wondrous cacophony of sensational pleasure and she might've blacked out for a moment because for a second, she lost all sense of time and space. When she came to, Nolan was jerking against her, his hips flexing in wild abandon as he lost himself inside her quivering body. He cried out and withdrew, collapsing beside her and for a long moment, neither spoke. She couldn't have if she'd tried. Stars were still exploding behind her eyes and her body rocked with small avalanches of pleasure, clenching around the embedded dildo as if desperately trying to milk the silicone for its essence. Nolan slowly withdrew the dildo and she felt utterly bereft and empty without the pressure of both the dildo and Nolan's cock inside her. Good God - so fucking fantastic and what a way to celebrate.

Shannon finished her wine in a quick swallow and headed for her bedroom. Moments later, the muffled vibration of her trusty vibrator was the only sound in the apartment - until she cried out his name, lost in the memory of that one night with the hot stranger.

Nolan...

-2-

Nolan couldn't believe what he was seeing. The entire drive to San Jose, he kept telling himself, this was all likely a ruse, some game to shake cash from his wallet. But as his gut tightened with instant recognition of the long-legged strawberry blonde, he remembered the night they'd spent together with frightening clarity. When she'd said names hadn't been necessary, truthfully, he hadn't believed her. He'd figured after a little pillow time, she'd give up her identity - mystery solved. Girls always wanted a second round with a Buchanan. And given how many times he'd made her squeal, he had arrogantly assumed she'd return begging for more. But that wasn't how the next morning had gone down at all.

"Where you going?" he asked sleepily when he realized she was no longer in the bed. He found her fully dressed and trying to find her shoes. "It's so early."

She smiled and, having found her shoes under the bed, slipped them on her feet and grabbed her purse. "I had fun but it's time to go. I have a full day on the schedule." She stopped to add, "You are great, by the way. I confess, I might have thought you were overstating your skills but I was wrong. You have reason to be arrogant."

It was then Nolan realized she was actually leaving. He sat up straighter. "You're really leaving? How about some breakfast?" he asked, throwing the sheets from his naked body. "Don't leave just yet. We were just getting to know each other."

"I don't want to get to know you beyond what I already know," she answered sweetly. "Besides, why ruin a beautiful memory?"

He advanced toward her, his grin growing as surely as his cock. He felt fairly confident that if he could get her into his arms one more time, she wasn't going anywhere. But she must've realized that too because she danced out of his reach with a knowing laugh even as her gaze registered regret. "Sorry. Tempting as it is, this was a one-shot deal." She blew him a kiss and quickly let herself out of the penthouse.

Nolan couldn't believe it. Women didn't willingly leave his bed. Most times he had to push them out when they became tediously attached. Here he was with a rock hard cock, ready for round two and his partner had just tapped out. Damn. So this was what rejection felt like. Not very appealing. Should he chase after her? A voice in his head countered, why? He didn't want commitment and neither did she. This was really the best of both worlds, so why did he feel so abandoned, as if he'd been used? He forced a rueful laugh. Hell, he was becoming a woman. They'd both enjoyed the night. Leave it at that.

And if the nagging sense that he should have followed her dogged his steps days after she'd left, he ignored it.

Now, as he watched her from a distance, laughing and joking, seeming perfectly at home among the rough and brawny hockey players of the Juggernaut, he realized he should have listened to his gut. His gaze strayed to the little girl perched upon the shoulders of one of the large players and her delighted squeal ricocheted through his heart. Was that his child? Was that little girl, with the soft strawberry blond curls, a Buchanan? There was only one way to find out. And yet, his feet refused to move.

If that kid was his, what would that mean for his life? He could walk away from this right now and pretend he'd never received an anonymous note. Whoever had sent it hadn't asked for any money and thus hadn't given any contact information. There was no need to chase after this, right? The kid looked happy, well taken care of. And he really didn't know if the kid was his. Plus, he recalled, they'd used protection. In fact, they went through half a box of condoms. There was no way that cute little kid was his. Someone had played a very unfortunate joke and they were going to pay.

Nolan watched as the woman and the toddler separated from the players as the men headed for the ice rink and she headed for a backdoor into the building. He broke away from the shadows and quickly followed. The musty smell of a high school locker room assaulted his senses and he grimaced at the unpleasant scent. That was one thing he did not miss about high school or college. He'd played enough sports to remember that distinct odor of sweat, burnt muscles, and pure exhaustion to last him a lifetime. As the sport trainer, he supposed it was appropriate for her office to be near the lockers but he was shaken by the pinch of something too close to possessiveness for his comfort as he rounded the corner. He could hear her talking to the toddler with softly animated tones and he remembered the sound of her cries as he rode her lean body all those many nights ago. Not helpful, he reminded himself as he crossed the threshold into her office. When she saw him, she actually yelped and nearly dropped the toddler in surprise. "Nolan..." The strangled whisper told volumes. She tightened her hold on the child, who turned to stare at him with her finger in her mouth. "What are you doing here?" she asked, her eyes darting past him. "You shouldn't be here."

"There are a lot of places I shouldn't go but here isn't one of them."

"Please, Nolan. This is my job. I can't get into this with you right now."

"Too bad," he said, not willing to budge. "I have some questions and you're going to answer them." A surprising shock of awareness rippled through Nolan as he stared at the woman he last saw three years ago. His gaze returned to the toddler who was about three years old and that sickening lurch in his gut returned. He stared harder at the little girl and his brain quickly began picking out the easy similarities between himself and her fair features. "She mine?" he asked in a hard tone. When the woman's lips tightened as if refusing to answer he repeated the question only this time his gaze narrowed with unrestrained anger. "Is she mine?"

"No."

He wanted to believe her so he could walk away but the sad truth was he knew she was lying. He could plainly see Buchanan traits in that child. "You're lying."

"What are you doing here?" she asked plaintively, her eyes growing wet. "How did you find me?"

"Funny thing about that. I didn't find you. Someone sent me an anonymous note saying I had a kid. Honestly, I thought it was a ruse to shake me down for some money. But I see now that whatever their motives, it had nothing to do with money. Surprisingly."

"And you think I sent that note?" she asked incredulously. "Well, I didn't."

"I'm beginning to realize that. Regardless of who sent the damned note, don't you think it might've been prudent to let me know I had fathered a child?"

"No." She lifted her chin. "I never had any intentions of you knowing."

"And why is that?"

"I'd rather not talk about this right now," she said, smoothing her daughter's curls. "Please go. I'll call you later, I promise."

"I don't even know your name," he retorted with a shake of his head. "At the time, the mystery hadn't bothered me because it was a little exciting but now I realize that was pretty stupid."

"I didn't get pregnant on purpose," she nearly hissed, her eyes flashing with indignation. "But I'm not about to talk about this with you right now so get out. I promise I'll call you later. Leave me your number and we will set up a time to talk but I'm not going to have this conversation with you while I'm holding my daughter at my place of employment. Got it?"

"Is this guy bothering you, Shannon?" A deep gravelly voice asked from behind Nolan. Nolan turned and saw a mountain of a man giving him a hard look. "You were asked to leave. If you don't want your pretty teeth rattling down the back of your throat, I'd suggest you do as she asked."

Shannon graced the big man with an appreciative smile but said, "it's okay, Rocky. He was just leaving." Rocky stared Nolan down before walking away slowly, clenching a fist and purposefully crushing it against his palm with clear intent. Nolan didn't want to leave but he had no doubt that Rocky's threat wasn't idle. And since Nolan had no wish to swallow his front teeth at the moment, he plucked a business card from his wallet and tossed it to her desk.

"I expect a call. Shannon." His gaze strayed to the toddler one last time and his knees wobbled. Eyes identical to his own stared back at him. Nolan stepped away, his heart hammering. "This isn't over. Not by a long shot."

He left her with that promise and walked away, his brain frozen in place.

He had a kid. Holy fuck. He had a kid.

Shannon's hands fluttered as she handed Aubrey off to CeCe, her nerves completely shot. How did he find them? Who would have known that Aubrey was Nolan Buchanan's child? Precious few knew Aubrey's paternity and the ones who knew, would never betray her. When she'd found out she was pregnant, Shannon had been stunned. They'd use protection - she was sure of it. But there was no mistaking that eight weeks after that one night with Nolan Buchanan she was most definitely pregnant. And since there'd been no one after Nolan, and in spite of all attempts to be responsible, Shannon had found herself pregnant from a one-night stand. A little digging into Nolan Buchanan's reputation, had uncovered plenty of evidence proving that he would make a terrible father. She wasn't about to subject her child to a spoiled rich boy who treated people as disposable. Her one saving grace had been she'd never given Nolan her name.

But he knew now. One look at Aubrey and he'd known. Just as she had. Of all the dumb luck, Aubrey had been born sharing her father's genetics. And she was such a beautiful baby. Everywhere they went Aubrey elicited "oohs" and "aahhs" over her precious strawberry blonde curls and her aristocratic, China doll features. What was she going to do? Crossing a Buchanan was tantamount to tangling with a lion. But she wasn't about to hand over her child to a man who was a stranger.

"Are you okay?" CeCe asked. "You look like you're about to be sick."

Shannon cast CeCe a wan look. "Probably because I feel like I'm going to barf. Did you know that man who just left?" she asked. At CeCe's shake of her head, Shannon muttered, "I'm pretty sure he's the devil. And I think that devil wants my child."

"Why would he want Aubrey?" CeCe asked, frowning.

"Unfortunately because he's her father."

CeCe's mouth formed a silent 'oh' and Shannon dropped into her chair. Who hated her so much that they would reveal Aubrey secret paternity? "I should've known this day would come. From what I know about the Buchanans...they don't give up anything that belongs to them without a fight."

"He doesn't seem that bad," CeCe ventured cautiously, earning a black look from Shannon. "I'm just saying, he seems clean-cut and he's really good-looking. How bad could he be? Maybe give him a chance."

"Absolutely not. The devil was the prettiest angel in heaven, remember?"

CeCe sighed and shook her head as if Shannon were being dramatic and maybe she was but Shannon wasn't about to latch loose of her child without drawing blood first. "Well, if you can't work it out amicably, I guess you're going to need an attorney. If you want I can do the team assessments while you find a good one."

God, CeCe was right. She needed a damn good attorney if she was going to stand a chance against Nolan. She looked to CeCe. "Do you think you can handle the assessments on your own?" she asked, taking Aubrey back.

"Of course. I did get a degree in this stuff," her intern reminded her with a smile and Shannon nodded with relief.

"You're right. Thank you, CeCe! Just leave your notes and I'll go over them tonight."

And with that, Shannon hurried from the office, intent on finding the best attorney her money could buy.

"How can you tell?" Vince asked over the phone, confused. "Don't all babies, sort of, look alike?"

"She looks like me with strawberry blond curls," Nolan said, wiping away the sweat that kept beading his brow. Perhaps he was having a heart attack. "What does it feel like when you're about to have a coronary? Or a stroke? I might be having both."

"Calm down. First things first: get a paternity test. Your mind could be playing tricks on you. Chances are this kid isn't even yours."

"No. I know she is. I can feel it in my bones." Nolan cradled his head in his free hand. "I don't know the first thing about being a father. What if I suck at it? Our own father was a dick. Maybe it's genetic and I don't have a chance."

"Stop. Don't compare that man with yourself," Vince said, surprising Nolan with his stern tone. "Our father was a dick. End of story. His actions don't have to have anything to do with you. But you know, it doesn't sound as if she's eager to have you be in the kid's life. Maybe you ought to just walk away."

"Walk away?" he repeated, uncomprehending. "What are you talking about? She's my kid. I'm not walking away from her."

"I'm just saying, you said yourself that it seems as if the woman is taking good care of the baby...and the mom doesn't really want you around...maybe it would be best if you bailed."

"No," he said, shaking his head. He wasn't sure of many things right now but he knew for a fact he wasn't walking away from a child he'd inadvertently created. Then a thought occurred to him and he groaned. "I don't even know her name," he said, feeling like a shit. "I'm already a bad father; I didn't even think to ask her name!"

"Jesus, Nolan, stop whining like a pussy and get yourself together. If you really want the kid to be in your life, then do something about it and make it happen. You're a fucking Buchanan for crying out loud. Sic the lawyers on her and take the kid from her. It's simple. Do you really think she can afford the legal fire power she's going to need to protect her rights once you put the Buchanan fortune behind an attorney?" Vince took Nolan's silence as agreement and continued with a slightly gruff tone, adding, "Honestly, I think you're crazy for chasing this down. You have an easy out and you're not taking it. What kind of life are you prepared to offer this kid? Suddenly, you're going to be a stay-at-home dad? I don't see that happening."

"What are you saying?" Nolan asked.

"Nothing. I'm just saying...think about it, man. This shit is big life stuff. No playing around."

"If Isabel hadn't died, you said you would've raised her child, even though it wasn't yours," Nolan reminded his twin.

"Yeah, well, I was young. I didn't know what I was offering."

"So you think I should just walk away."

Vince waited a beat then said, "Hell, Nolan, I don't know. You should do what your gut says but I know what I would do in this situation."

"You'd leave."

"Yeah..."

Nolan quieted, not sure what to think and his twin's counsel hadn't helped much. "So, after Isabel died, you never considered the possibility of having kids? Ever?"

"No, man. I never did."

But there was something to Vince's voice that caught at the edge of Nolan's memory and Nolan remembered the ashen expression on Vince's face when news of Isabel's suicide had reached them. Something had died inside his brother that day so it was possible that Vince was telling the truth. After Isabel, Vince would never be the same. Sadness swamped Nolan for his brother's hidden pain but there was little that could be done at the moment, particularly when Nolan had his own problems to solve.

"I'll be in touch," he promised and hung up.

He and his twin were closer than most - almost obscenely so, at times having fucked the same woman at the same time at their most debauched - but he couldn't take his twin's advice and walk away. Not from his daughter.

Daughter. The word caused him to shiver.

He didn't know if he was cut out to be a father but he'd sure as hell have to find out.

-3-

"How much?" Shannon asked the plain-faced attorney, distressed. "Five thousand is a lot of money for a single mom. Can I make payments?"

"Sorry. The point of a retainer is to provide up front funds for the attorney to do their job. While I sympathize with your situation, I can tell you, you're going to spend a lot of money and still end up with 50-50 custody unless you can prove the father is unfit in some way." The attorney sighed and leaned back in her leather chair. "If you want my advice - and this is for free - make nice with the father. Maybe he's not as bad as you think."

Shannon swallowed the bubble of panic stuck in her throat. She didn't want to share her baby. Not with him. "He doesn't even live in the area. Shouldn't that make a difference?"

"He has enough funds to secure transportation, yes?" Shannon nodded miserably. Nolan Buchanan could fly around the world for the weekend if he chose. "Then, no. His location will not matter in the eyes of the court. Miss Garrity, I know this isn't the ideal situation but I'd hate to see you spend money you don't have for a fight that's destined to swing his way. The best thing you can do is try and be friends with this man because he's going to be around for the next sixteen years as a co-parent of your child."

Noooo! Shannon wailed in her mind, unable to believe this twist of fate. Everything had been going so smoothly until someone - a vicious, little demon of a person - had let the beans spill about Aubrey. Shannon had a nice apartment in a neighborhood she liked, a dream job, and a daughter whom she adored. And now, Nolan Buchanan threatened everything.

Shannon hated him with the force of a thousand suns. If Nolan thought he was going to take her daughter without a fight, he had another thought coming because she'd fight like a badger with every weapon available to her if necessary. "I don't care how much it costs," she said to the attorney, her chin lifted. "Will you take a check?"

"As long as it clears," the attorney said dryly, adding with a resigned sigh. "Maybe you ought to take a day to think this over."

She didn't need to think, she needed to act. She had the money stashed in her savings account. True, she'd been saving to buy a new car because her beat-up sedan was starting to show its age, but she'd rather ride the bus than give up without a fight. "Will you take the case or not?" she asked.

"I'll take it," the attorney answered, shaking her head, plainly believing Shannon was a foolish girl. "But don't say I didn't warn you when you're sitting in court crying because you spent so much money for so little outcome."

"Duly noted," Shannon said, standing to leave. "I expect you to do your best to win, though."

"I'll do what I can. In the meantime, don't pick fights with the father. Make nice, if you can. It'll make things more smooth down the road."

Shannon accepted the attorney's advice with a barely noticeable nod and then left, anxious to get back to Aubrey.

Make nice with Nolan? What did that mean? Take him to dinner, chat casually about the weather? Try to forget that every sexual fantasy she'd entertained since that night featured him? Her cheeks burned at that private admission. That was before he was a reality, she reminded herself. It was fun to fantasize about being with Nolan again when there was absolutely no chance of it happening ever again. And now that he was trying to take her child from her? Hell no. She wouldn't touch him - for real or in her mind - for all the money in the world.

As far as she was concerned, Nolan Buchanan was Public Enemy No. 1.

Nolan didn't have a single memory of his father that wasn't clouded over with a veneer of disdain. When he was younger he'd often wished their childhood was more like the other kids his age rather than the cold, over-privileged existence of his youth. He'd yearned for a father who played ball with him or taught him something of value rather than the workaholic who rarely noticed his children at all unless they were underfoot. The Buchanan children had been raised by a succession of nannies - most of which their father had slept with at some point or another - and later, when they were too old for nannies, they'd all been shipped off to private boarding schools. Sure, they'd received the best education money could buy but somewhere along the way, they'd missed out on some very important lessons. He knew his sexual appetites were excessive but until now that hadn't mattered. He loved women - all shapes and sizes - and his pursuit of women had been one of his most pleasurable activities but he had to admit, after seeing how happy Penny and Dillon were, he had to wonder if he was defective because the idea of settling down made him a little queasy.

How was he supposed to raise a daughter? He knew how to woo a woman, to bend her to his will so he could do all manner of filthy things to her, but he didn't know the first thing about being a good father to a little girl. For the first time since he was a young boy, he was uncertain as to how to proceed. The coward in him wished he could do as Vince suggested and simply walk away, dusting his hands free of the whole mess. But that wasn't possible. Just the idea of never knowing how his little girl was faring or who was raising her made him want to howl with something he couldn't define. What the hell was happening to him? Was he losing his damn mind?

Maybe he was overthinking the situation. He was dealing with a woman, first and foremost. He knew women. If he could get Shannon on his side, the rest would fall into place. Maybe he could be a good part-time father and his life wouldn't have to change all that much. Nolan began to warm to his current track of thought. Yeah, he could be a weekend father and be on his best behavior for that time and still be an amazing father to his little girl. Of course, she'd want for nothing. He'd make sure of that. The best of everything for his girl. Top shelf, all the way. Relief at having puzzled through his dilemma made him laugh as his shoulders let go of their tension. He rotated his arm and grimaced. He needed a massage immediately. But first, he picked up the phone and dialed the first florist he found.

"I'd like to order a dozen of your most exotic, expensive roses," he said to the florist.

"Certainly," the florist responded with a note of excitement. "And where should we send these beautiful flowers?"

"Have them delivered to the San Jose Juggernaut hockey team, care of the sport trainer, Shannon."

"Last name, sir?"

He paused, frowning. He didn't have her last name. He pulled his phone and quickly did an Internet search for the sport trainer information for the San Jose Juggernaut and smiled in triumph. "Garrity. Shannon Garrity," he answered.

"Excellent choice. A note perhaps to accompany the gift?"

"Write, 'To New Beginnings'," he said, liking the sound of that.

"And who shall I say the flowers are from?"

"She'll know."

"Very good."

Nolan gave the florist his credit card number and hung up feeling smug. He'd been going about this all wrong. He should've used his tried-and-true methods of softening a woman to his will. Sweet charm had never failed him before; he had no reason to believe it would fail him now. For the first time since he'd received that anonymous note, he felt as if he could breathe. He chuckled at how twisted up in knots he'd been when the solution had been staring him in the face from the start. Glad to have a clear plan that made sense, he turned his mind to other pressing matters. After a few business calls regarding Buchanan Enterprises, and a quick update to Vince, he realized he had the day to himself and ringed the hotel for a massage therapist.

Perhaps if he were lucky, he could persuade the massage therapist to throw in a happy ending as well. On the heels of that pleasurable thought, he hummed a merry tune as he walked into the shower.

CeCe entered Shannon's office carrying the biggest, most amazing bouquet of exotic roses Shannon had ever seen and she wondered which player CeCe had received them from but when CeCe put the flowers on Shannon's desk with a delighted smile, Shannon eyed the roses warily. "What's this?" she asked.

"What do they look like, silly? They're the most beautiful roses I've ever seen. "Someone likes you," CeCe said, giggling. "Who are you dating and does he have a brother?"

"I'm not dating anyone," she answered, frowning as she plucked the card and read the message. "To New Beginnings." She dropped the card as if it were poison. "Ugh. They're from him."

"Him who?"

She graced CeCe with an impatient look. "Nolan Buchanan."

"Ohh, your baby daddy."

"God, don't say it like that," Shannon groaned, eyeing the flowers with open distaste. She'd never been a rose type of girl, preferring tulips. "You can have them. I don't want them."

"Are you kidding me? What's wrong with you?" CeCe asked. "They're gorgeous."

"They're...inappropriate. I shouldn't be accepting gifts from Nolan when I'm about to take him to court."

"Yeah, but maybe he's just trying to make amends for the way he came off yesterday. Maybe you ought to cut the guy some slack."

Shannon narrowed her gaze at CeCe. "Maybe you should mind your own business." Realizing the snap in her tone, Shannon immediately apologized, saying, "That was uncalled for. I know you don't understand why but Nolan isn't the kind of man I want to encourage, even with the slightest, seemingly harmless gesture."

"It's okay. I get it." CeCe shrugged and picked up the flowers, admiring their beauty. "They'll look just as nice on my desk as they would on yours. Besides, it always looks good for an available woman to have flowers on her desk."

"And why is that?"

CeCe smiled as if she thought Shannon were helplessly clueless (which maybe she was, who knows) and answered, "Because everyone knows if a man thinks a woman is unavailable, it simply makes him want her more. Nothing is more pathetic than a sad, lonely woman hoping for a date. If you act as if you have more dates than you know how to juggle, your value goes up."

Shannon stared at her intern, appalled. "Why would you want a man who would even think of dating someone who is already taken?" Case in point, Nolan's comment to her the second they'd met and decided to leave the club together. He hadn't cared if she were attached as long as he got what he wanted. At the time, she hadn't cared and to be honest, his bold approach had been sexy but now? Reprehensible.

"Life is for the living, Shannon," CeCe said walking away with the flowers. "Try it sometime."

Shannon glowered at CeCe's retreating backside and muttered to herself, "That girl is going to end up with an STD before she's twenty-five" and then returned to her work, going over the assessments for the coach. She loved her job but someday she hoped to land a position within the NHL. She was willing to travel to Calgary, too, if it meant getting a position with a major hockey network. The minors were good for building a name but the real money was in the professional league. She sighed, someday it'll happen. She was good at her job and she knew her stuff. Just stay focused, she told herself.

Someday, all of this trouble would fade into memory because her life would be amazing.

Until then, she had to slog through the manure and push past the ass in her way.

-4-

Nolan double-checked the address he'd managed to find for Shannon Garrity and adjusted his sleeve cuffs before the door opened. The apartment complex was clean and in a decent neighborhood but, she'd likely jump at the chance to have a home of her own, which he'd gladly provide - provided she move closer to him. He smiled, pleased with himself and the plans he had in mind. He couldn't wait to see Shannon's expression when he told her how he was going to change her life for the better.

But as the door opened, Shannon sucked in a sharp breath and a scowl followed. "What are you doing here?" she asked, plainly unhappy to see him at her doorstep.

It took a moment for him to adjust to her stance and he thought perhaps she hadn't received the flowers but as he took in her completely hostile body language, he had a sinking feeling his flowers had ended up in the trash. "You didn't like the flowers?" he asked.

"They were beautiful - and inappropriate. Why are you sending me flowers?" she asked.

"I thought it might serve as an apology for coming on so strong. I overreacted to a stressful situation and my temper overrode my good sense. I was hoping the flowers might make up for the uncomfortable altercation between us." She nodded grudgingly, seeming to accept his reasoning but she didn't invite him in as he'd hoped. "We have a lot to talk about, don't you think?" he ventured.

"Yes, I suppose that's one way to look at it."

"Is there another way?"

"Well, you could just leave us alone and go about your life as you did before and we'll do the same."

"C'mon now, what kind of man would I be if I did that?"

"I wouldn't blame you," she said, almost in earnest. "I mean, the situation was dropped in your lap seemingly out of nowhere. I wouldn't blame you in the least if you wanted to walk away. I swear, I won't ever come after you for child support."

"I will provide for my child," he said, not liking where this was going. "No Buchanan would ever go without."

"Aubrey's not a Buchanan," Shannon said stiffly. "She's a Garrity."

"Not for long," he said, waving away her comment. "I need to establish paternity with a routine DNA test and then it'll be a simple thing for the lawyers to change her name."

"I don't want to change her name," Shannon said, her jaw setting. "She was born a Garrity and she'll stay a Garrity until the day she marries and decides to hyphenate."

"What is wrong with you? She's my child and she's going to have my name. End of discussion."

"Is this part of your apology, too? Coming over to my house and trying to push your name onto my child? Because if so, your apology sucks."

He bracketed his hips, growing angry that Shannon wasn't falling in line with his plan. He opened his mouth but quickly shut it as he tried to refocus. "Can I come in, please? I really don't want to have this private conversation in front of the whole world."

"I'd rather not."

"Shannon, I am her father and I'm not going anywhere. We can do this the easy way or the hard way and trust me, I'd rather do this in a way that works for us both. We can be on the same side, you know. And if you'd let me, we could be friends."

"Trust is required for friendship and I don't trust you."

"That's not fair, you don't know me."

She looked away and he knew he'd made a point. Score one for me. Shannon stepped away, relenting. "Okay, but only for a minute. I don't bring men home. I don't want to confuse Aubrey."

He smiled, happy with her admission. He didn't like the idea of strange men being around his daughter. And, now that he was around Shannon again, he remembered all those feelings he'd pushed down when she'd left so abruptly. It was the chase he craved, he told himself when his gaze snagged on her tight, pert behind - nothing more. He'd forgotten what a sweet ass she had but now there was no escaping what he'd sampled that night and as he recalled, he'd been more than willing to go another round or two but she'd called it quits prematurely. But just as he began entertaining memories of that sordid night, Aubrey toddled in carrying a ragdoll and his breath caught in his chest. Shannon scooped up the child and held her tightly, as if he might rip her from her arms and run away with her. "She's...very pretty," he said, the awkward compliment not even close to conveying what he felt when he looked at Aubrey. She was quite possibly, the most beautiful child in the world. He could see himself in her features but enough of Shannon to give her a soft feminine side. As if she knew he was talking about her, Aubrey's cupid bow lips split into a wide smile that revealed a dimple in the very same place as the one on his right cheek and he could only stare for a long moment. "She looks like me and you," he said when he could speak again.

"Mostly you," Shannon admitted, smoothing the strawberry blond curls. "Except for the hair color. That's mine."

"So...I have to ask...what happened? I know we used protection."

She sighed and settled into a chair, still holding Aubrey on her lap. "I don't know. All I can guess is that one of the condoms had a minute tear or hole and since I wasn't on the pill, one of your industrial sperm managed to hit the mark."

One in a million odds. "If I'd known earlier..."

"I didn't want you to know," she said. "I had enough to deal with, I didn't need another problem to solve. I'd just gotten my job with the Juggernaut when I realized I was pregnant and I didn't want to deal with everything that came with custody battles and whatnot. Besides, I really didn't see you as the type who was interested in settling down."

Accurate assessment, he realized but it pinched that she hadn't wanted him in the baby's life at all. "You didn't even give me a chance," he pointed out quietly. "I might've wanted to be a part of her life from the start."

"I'm sorry. Your feelings were the last thing on my mind," she admitted with a shrug. "I had an infant to care for and a career to protect. Can you say that you would've settled down if you'd known?"

"No."

"Well, thank you for your honesty but you prove my point. Raising a child isn't something you do on a whim because you think it might be fun. It's hard work. She had colic for the first three months of her life and she screamed bloody murder for no discernible reason. Nothing I did worked. All I could do was hold her while she screamed. It was awful."

He shuddered at the thought of a screaming infant but then he felt guilty for not being there. He should have that experience under his belt if it'd happened to his child. "It's true I didn't ask for this but now that I know about her, I can't walk away. Give me a chance to show you that I'm not a bad guy. I can be a good father."

"I can't let you audition for the role of Aubrey's father, no matter how good your intentions. Aubrey is my life. She's everything I never realized I wanted until I saw her little face. I can't take the chance that you'll change your mind when things get tough." He was perplexed until she added, "When I found out I was pregnant, I knew it was yours because I hadn't been with anyone else since. So I did a little checking around. It wasn't hard to dig up some unflattering stuff."

"Like what?"

"Are you sure you want to know?" At his determined nod, she continued, "You're a player who likes to party all the time and you've left a string of broken hearts in your wake, as well as someone who killed herself off the roof of your building. I can't expose my daughter to that life. You have to understand, I want a traditional upbringing for my daughter and you simply can't provide that with your background and your lifestyle."

At the mention of Isabel, Nolan felt a wave of shame. Shannon didn't know the half of what'd happened with Isabel and he'd prefer to keep it that way. "I wouldn't bring Aubrey to the club. What do you take me for?" he asked, a bit more sharply than he intended. He drew a deep breath and tried again. "I'm just saying, I would not take Aubrey anywhere that wasn't appropriate for a child and I'm a bit offended that you would imply that I would."

She bit her lip and nodded. That one small gesture sparked a memory that he immediately pushed away. He didn't need to remember how sexy she'd been or how she'd become even sexier since he'd seen her last. He fought to keep his gaze focused when he was overwhelmed by the urge to allow his gaze to drift to her belly, intensely curious - and strangely aroused - by the idea that she'd carried his child. Shaking himself free of the dangerous thoughts flitting through his brain like drunken fireflies, he retrained his attention to the issue at hand.

"I was scared," she admitted at last.

Ah, fear, he could understand and fix. "I'm really not a bad guy," he said, the corner of his mouth twisting in his signature half-smile that never failed to win him points. "Give me a chance to prove it."

"And how do you propose I do that?"

"Let me show you that I can be a good father. Give me a few weeks to get to know Aubrey and you can take those weeks to get to know me. Seem like a fair deal?"

"Do I have a choice?"

"Life is filled with choices, love." She stilled at his use of the endearment and he knew she was remembering their night together. He clenched his teeth behind his lips, trying to quell the arousal that flushed through his veins. He remembered quite vividly how she'd sounded when she came, shattering in his arms until she could barely move a muscle. He'd been equally as spent. He shook himself free of the memory and stood quickly. "Text me so I'll have your number. Are you free this weekend? We can take Aubrey to the park."

"Okay," she agreed cautiously, rising. "But first, you must agree to my terms."

"Such as?"

"We meet here and I drive."

He quirked a smile, perplexed by her terms. "You know I can drive. I drove you to my place when you stayed with me at the penthouse."

"Yes, I know you can drive and what you drive. There's no room for a carseat and even if there were, I don't feel comfortable trusting your skills with my child until I know you better."

"Fine," he agreed with a sigh. "I'll be here Saturday around noon."

"Okay. Until then, would you mind staying away?"

That didn't play into his plans at all. He'd never had a woman treat him as if he had the plague before and he sure as hell didn't like it either. But he agreed. "Fine." He cast one final look at his darling child and wondered how he was going to keep himself occupied until Saturday. "Until Saturday, then."

She nodded and let him out, closing and locking the door on his heels.

How was he going to win over a woman who plainly didn't want him around? For the first time in his life, he didn't have a clue but it was imperative that he find out.

-5-

Shannon twisted beneath her shadow lover's firm body, gasping as he plundered her mouth in the same insistent manner as his cock had penetrated her feminine heat. She groaned and gasped, clutching at his back, as he thrust against her, pummeling her with delicious friction that threatened to turn her inside out with pleasure. She shuddered, her nipples pebbled into hard points as they rubbed against the slightly furred chest of her lover, and she lost herself joyously to the sensation promising to clench her womb with rhythmic abandon until she tumbled into a toe-curling orgasm but as she built to that wonderful crescendo, her lover melted away into mist and she was left gasping and crying out in frustration as the good feelings dissipated with her lover and suddenly her eyes flew open to total darkness. She whimpered and rolled to her side, her body sweaty and unfulfilled as her pelvis area pulsed with unsatisfied need. "Damn it," she said, returning to her back to stare at the ceiling. This was all Nolan's fault. If he hadn't shown up, she could've went on using him for her sexual fantasies without shame or guilt but now that he was here, she'd denied herself out of principle. And look what that had gotten her? Sexually constipated. She reached down and touched herself, barely flicking the swollen nub between her folds, and a riot of pleasure cascaded down her body. She closed her eyes and Nolan popped into her mental theater. Go away, she thought grouchily, determined to think of anyone else aside from Nolan Buchanan. But her mind wasn't cooperating and she knew if she continued on this track, she'd lose that loving feeling quickly. Resigned, she allowed Nolan into her mind and immediately her pulse quickened as her finger worked the pleasure nub with a deft touch until she shuddered under the brunt of a quick and fairly boring orgasm. She sighed and rolled to her side, grabbing her pillow and hugging it to her. Why couldn't she put Nolan in the appropriate place in her mind and leave him be?

Because against all odds, she was still attracted to him.

And not in a pleasant, 'oh, he's cute' sort of way but rather in a 'holy hell, I would fuck him in the dirty stall of a club bathroom' and Shannon couldn't really deal with that truth.

There was no future with Nolan Buchanan. So why even go through the motions of getting to know him?

She sighed, closing her eyes, knowing the answer even if she wasn't willing to admit it out loud.

Deep down...a tiny spark of hope pulsed stubbornly, refusing to die - what if?

What if, indeed?

-5-

If good intentions accounted for anything, Nolan was a damn angel. He'd planned to stay in the hotel and watch Pay-Per-View or even catch up on his reading on his e-reader app on his smart phone but the minute he saw his twin grinning from the peephole, he knew his night was not going to be spent inside that room.

"What are you doing here?" he asked Vince as he let him into the room. "I told you to stay home."

"Yeah, but I heard the yearning in your voice that practically begged for me to come and rescue you so get dressed, slap some cologne across your face and let's see what's shaking in this town. There's sure to be a couple of hot bodies available for a little between the sheets action and I, for one, could use a little stress-relief."

"What happened to your plans with the sub and the dungeon?"

"Penny happened," Vince said wryly. "She found out and gave me a ration of shit for trying to drag Dillon out for a bit. Man, that girl has a temper. Funny thing, I think Dillon was relieved because his woman put the brakes on. If I didn't know better I'd say Penny has neutered him."

"Dillon?" Nolan questioned but then he recalled the gooey looks their older brother often sent his pregnant wife and he knew Vince was right. "Well, he seems to enjoy his neutered state so more power to him."

"Yeah, whatever. C'mon, I'm getting antsy. I need a drink and someone to fuck and not necessarily in that order."

Nolan laughed, enjoying the familiar thrill of the chase with his brother. They were hellions together and he loved the debauched circles his brother traveled without hesitation.

"So how's it going with the kid?" Vince asked as they walked downstairs to the lobby. Nolan grimaced, not wanting to talk about Aubrey or Shannon, not when he was about to do a whole lot of things Shannon would certainly use as fodder against him. "That bad?" Vince surmised, misreading Nolan's expression. "I told you to walk, man. Now you've got a mess to clean up. Think we could offer her money to go away and keep quiet?"

"For the last time, I'm not bailing on my kid," Nolan cut in, irritated. "I already told you that. And it's not going badly, it's just I don't want to talk about it right now. Okay?"

"Okay, okay," Vince said, holding his hands up in mock surrender. "I was just curious."

"Yeah, I know. We're going to the park together on Saturday. I've asked her to give me a few weeks to get to know each other."

"A few weeks? What do you mean? You're going to hang out here for a few weeks? What about work?"

"I think you and Dillon can handle things on your end. You can always email me or call with any issues. But I need to get to know my daughter. I've already missed out on so much." Vince shot him a curious look and he stared. "What?"

"If I didn't know better I'd say you were serious about this parenting thing."

"Well, I am...I guess."

"You guess? Don't you think that's something you should be completely sure about before starting?"

"This is why I didn't want to talk about this right now."

"What about your baby mama? Is she cooperating or not?"

"Mostly not. She's not thrilled about me being the dad."

"Why the hell not?" Vince asked, insulted. "She's damn lucky to have bagged a Buchanan."

"She doesn't exactly see it that way and I'm not sure how to change her mind on that score."

"Screw this. What you need is a good time to get your mind off of all this crap with the kid. When we get to the club, just relax. You deserve a night off."

Nolan nodded, wondering if his brother was right. His whole body was tied up in knots that not even the massage had helped. Well, it might have helped if they'd sent a pretty massage therapist with an open mind but instead, he'd received a burly matron with definite German ancestry in her blood as she'd pummeled his back as if she were pounding bread. Frankly, he'd been a bit afraid of the burly frau and when it came time to tip, he tipped her well just so she'd go away.

The minute they stepped into the club, Nolan allowed the booming sounds and chaotic energy to seep into his bones. Vince immediately flagged the waitress and ordered two whiskeys to get the night started. Vince was already on the prowl, his practiced eye searching out something pretty, and just a little on the healthy side. Vince loved women with a little extra padding on them. Personally, Nolan didn't care. He loved women of all sizes and never discriminated. But at the moment, the only woman on his mind was the one woman he didn't want to think about. Vince accepted the whiskey and downed his in one quick gulp. Nolan did the same, grimacing at the taste. "Are you sure that was whiskey? That tasted like moonshine."

"Well, they didn't have our usual brand so I made do with what they had. Besides, we're not here to judge their liquor cabinet. We're here to have a good time, remember? And even moonshine will get us there, if you know what I mean."

Yeah, he knew. For some reason, Nolan wasn't in the mood for the usual hunt. However, he was happy not to be sitting in his hotel room staring at the four walls. He was content to slog down awful whiskey and watch as Vince worked his magic on a fresh crop of ladies. Suddenly, he sensed a presence at his side and he turned and saw a short but stacked woman with a wide smile and sparkle in her eyes that was hard to miss. "By a girl a drink?" she asked, dazzling him with a smile.

"Sure, why not." He signaled for the bartender. "Whatever she wants," he told the man.

"Sex on the beach," she answered, shooting him a coy look. He chuckled at the suggestion in her eyes. Any other time, he would've pounced on that invitation but his libido was fairly dead at the moment. The girl accepted the drink from the bartender and took a sip before saying, "You have the look of a man who doesn't know what he wants."

"Is that so? And you have the look of a woman who knows exactly what she wants."

She smiled. "Want to get out of here?"

It was on the tip of his tongue to politely decline but then he realized he had no reason to say no. Here was a perfectly delectable woman, who was plainly interested, and yet he wasn't readily gobbling up what she had to offer. What the hell was wrong with him? Vince was right. He was totally off his game. He tossed a few bills on the table for the tab and said with a grin, "Sure. What did you have in mind?"

She grabbed his hand and tugged him towards the door. "I already told you," she answered playfully. "Sex on the beach."

"Sounds good to me."

All he needed was the right motivation to get his head on straight, he told himself. As soon as he had those big pillowy tits in his mouth, he'd forget all about Shannon and her lean body.

He texted a quick message to Vince to let him he was bouncing with a hot chick and Vince responded with a thumbs-up emoticon. Since Vince had driven them, they took the girl's car. "So where is this beach?"

"There's a private place I like to go to listen to the waves at night. It's pretty," she told him, smiling. He shrugged, enjoying the prospect of shutting his brain off and letting his cock make the decisions. When they arrived, she went to the trunk and pulled out a blanket, smiling. "I come here a lot."

"To fuck or to listen to the waves?" he asked, half-joking.

She sent him another dazzling smile as she answered, "Both."

He carried the blanket for her as they navigated the shifting sand and finally settled in a quiet, secluded spot. Nolan spread the blanket and the woman nestled in beside him. She was delightfully petite but full and curvy in all the right spots. Vince would've loved fucking this little morsel. Perhaps he should've introduced them. She was nothing like Shannon - which was a good thing, he told himself sternly as he forced a smile for the woman's benefit. "What's your name?" he asked, idly wondering if her nipples were a dusky rose or a chocolate brown.

"CeCe," she answered, already plucking at the buttons on his shirt. "What's yours?"

"Nolan," he answered, enjoying the kiss of balmy night air on his exposed skin. "Do you always pick up strange men at clubs?"

"Only the ones I want to fuck," she answered simply and he laughed, appreciating her honesty. He swallowed his next quip when she delved behind his zipper and her firm hand gripped his cock with practiced experience. She smiled with approval at his girth and length, her gaze lighting with delight at the prospect. "You have a nice, thick cock, Nolan," she murmured, as she released him and gazed up at him. "How good are you with your tongue?"

"No complaints yet," he answered, feeling that familiar tingle at the base of his groin as arousal finally started to awaken his sex drive. He lifted her short skirt to her hips and saw the plump little folds of her bare pussy hiding her clit. He lowered his head and nuzzled her flesh, closing his eyes against the oddly dampening thought that this was a bad idea, and refocused on the fact that he had his face two inches from a woman's pussy - generally speaking, his favorite place to be - and his cock was slowly hardening, ready for action.

Everything seemed right and perfect- except it wasn't. Damn it, he thought to himself. Get in the game!

Determined to feel more like himself in his own skin, Nolan purposefully lowered his mouth to her cleft and plunged his tongue deep inside. The minute he tasted her flesh, he was reminded of how Shannon tasted and how her unique scent had driven him wild. It was baffling how three years had gone by without a whisper of Shannon in his mind but now that he'd seen her again, it was as if his brain was infected with some kind of virus and all he could think of was Shannon.

"Oh yes!" CeCe moaned, threading her fingers through his hair and yanking hard enough to irritate. Jesus, woman. Are you pulling weeds? He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to concentrate. If he stopped now, he'd never live it down. He had a reputation to protect at the very least. Working on auto-pilot, he listened to her breathy moans as a key to what she enjoyed and varying speed and tempo, he easily brought her to climax, but his cock had completely fallen asleep, going flaccid and pathetic like that of an 80-year-old man. He lifted his head and wiped his mouth, wishing he had some of that shitty whiskey right about now. CeCe gazed at him with sleepy, happy eyes until she realized he was buttoning his pants. "What are you doing?" she asked, sitting up suddenly, her expression confused. "We're just getting started."

"I'm sorry, I'm kind of tired. Would you mind if we went back to the club? I need to find my brother and get back to the hotel."

"Are you kidding me?" she demanded, her stare losing her sparkle and turning hard. "I thought we were going to fuck?"

"Yeah, I had high hopes, too but it seems I'm not as horny as I thought."

Her gaze dropped to his groin and her mouth tightened as she scrambled to her feet, pulling her skirt down and jerking the blanket out from beneath him. "Find your own way back to the club, asshole!" she hissed and stomped back to her car, leaving him standing on the beach.

Shouldn't it count for something that he'd made her cum?

Hmm...guess not. This must be how women felt after they'd given a guy a blowjob and the guy still blew them off. Not a nice feeling, he noted.

But he knew there was no way he could've faked sex when his cock plainly didn't want to play.

And now he was stranded on a beach with no clue as to where he was.

He texted Vince but after ten minutes and no response, he started walking. He was half tempted to call Shannon but the second the idea popped in his head he discarded it as dangerously ludicrous. Why would he call Shannon? Explaining why he was stranded on a beach in the first place wasn't bound to make him look like the good guy that he'd ardently professed he was. And, the idea of admitting to Shannon he'd just had his tongue in someone else's pussy made him squirm with something that felt a lot like guilt though why he didn't know. They weren't a couple; she had no claim on him.

Except...he wanted her.

There. He said it. He wanted her.

He wanted her so badly he could think of nothing else and he didn't think it had anything to do with the fact that she was his baby mama.

Closure - that's what he hadn't gotten with her and that's why he was obsessed.

That's it, he realized. He just needed some kind of closure. But how was he going to manage that when there was no way he could see Shannon casually and then break it off when he bored of her company? He had his daughter to consider now. He couldn't just use his daughter's mama for his own pleasure and then discard her. He scrubbed his hands across his face and flagged a taxi once he hit the main highway.

So, he was right back where he started.

Fucked - and not in the feel-good way.

Fabulous.

-6-

For reasons she didn't really want to examine too closely, Shannon spent an inordinate amount of time picking the right outfit for both herself and Aubrey. What did it matter? It wasn't as if they were interviewing for a job. But when she spent an extra moment fixing her hair and making sure her makeup was just right she resigned herself to the knowledge that she cared what Nolan thought.

Nolan arrived promptly and she was surprised to see a picnic basket in his hand. "What's that?" she asked, privately delighted that he'd been so considerate as to bring food. "You didn't have to bring a picnic."

"I know I didn't have to. I wanted to. Besides, what if we get hungry? I, for one, am a big fan of food."

"So is Aubrey. She gets very grouchy when she's hungry," Shannon admitted, flashing Nolan a small smile. "Okay, I guess we're ready. Let's go." She leaned down to pick up Aubrey and she could tell by the look in his eye that he wanted to offer but didn't. In a way she was glad, she wasn't ready for him to hold her. Somehow, she knew if she saw Aubrey in Nolan's arms, the tears wouldn't be far behind.

When they got to her beat up sedan, Nolan did a double take and stared hard at the old car, plainly displeased with her ride. "This is what you drive?" he asked. "Is this even safe?"

"Of course it's safe it's just not pretty." She opened Aubrey's door and winced when a loud screech followed. "And it just needs a little WD-40 on the hinges." She made quick work of snapping Aubrey into her car seat and then they climbed in the car. "I had plans to buy a new car this year but something else came up," she said, thinking of the $5,000 she'd given the attorney. "But it's a good car. And besides, as long as it gets me from Point A to Point B that's all I need."

"All that's holding this car together is rust."

"Every car in the Bay Area has some kind of rust; it doesn't mean it's not a good car," Shannon insisted. "It gets good gas mileage and it's paid off, which makes it A-OK in my book."

Nolan didn't seem to appreciate her logic but remained silent. She wasn't sure if she trusted that silence. She could see the wheels turning in his mind and she didn't like the direction. "I like my car, okay? Leave it at that."

She wasn't lying, per se. But she knew that the time had come for her to buy a new car. Lately, her trusty little sedan had been making frightening noises that sounded like something crucial was about to abandon ship. Please don't break down, not today, she prayed.

"So where are you staying?" she asked, making conversation as she drove in the hopes of diverting the conversation away from the obvious shortcomings of her vehicle.

"At the Fairmont," he answered, his brow still furrowed in thought as he watched the scenery go by.

"Of course, a five-star hotel. When you can afford the very best why go with economy, right?"

"I didn't make the travel arrangements, my secretary did. But, yes, I usually stay in the nicest hotels. They have better shampoo," he added with a wink that made her stomach muscles jump. "Honestly, I don't care where I stay as long as the bed is comfortable. I don't usually spend all that much time in the hotel anyway."

"It seems silly to spend all that money on a room that you're just going to sleep in," Shannon said. "Personally, I like to spend as little as possible on the hotel rooms so I have the money to spend on activities when I go on vacation."

"Where have you gone on vacation?" he asked.

"Well, nowhere lately but I have been to Oregon and Washington and someday I hope to go to Canada."

"What's in Canada?" he asked, interested.

Should she tell him her goals of landing a bigger hockey gig? It seemed premature to start sharing such personal details but she also knew that her plans would become evident eventually anyway if he remained in her life. She took a deep breath and answered, "Well, they have a major hockey network there. And if I can't get into the NHL, Calgary has a hockey team that's pretty respectable."

"So moving is part of your plan eventually?" he asked.

"Yes," she admitted. "I can't make a living at the minor leagues. I mean, I do okay but I'll want to do better than okay. I want to be able to support Aubrey on my own without having to worry about someone else paying my way."

"If you need money I can give you some."

"I don't want your money. Don't you think if I'd wanted your money I would've called you the minute I found out I was pregnant?" She pointed out. "I accepted the role of single mother and I've been doing just fine on my own. But in order to teach Aubrey how to be self-sufficient I have to be self-sufficient. And that means not accepting a handout from you."

"It's not a handout," he said, frowning. "If I'm her father I will gladly pay child support."

"We have all that we need."

"What if I don't agree? My daughter deserves the best not just what paltry, bottom of the barrel existence you can give her."

Immediately offended, Shannon was tempted to stomp on the brakes and kick him out of her car. "Are we going to fight all day or we are we going to try to have a nice day together because it's not starting off well," she warned him. "I haven't decided whether or not you are a good influence on Aubrey and throwing money at her is not going to prove to me that you're a good father."

"And forcing her to live in poverty because of your pride isn't a sign that you are being a good mother," he pointed out equally irritated. "And I wouldn't just throw money at her. But I would like her to have nice things. Is that so bad?"

She bit her lip, realizing that he'd made a fair point. She agonized when she couldn't buy the things that Aubrey needed and had to scrimp and save for the simplest things, like extra diapers and new clothes. Having Nolan around to smooth the rough spots would certainly be an asset. No! Don't even go there. She was doing just fine on her own; she didn't need Nolan to save her or Aubrey. "Let's just have a nice day, okay?"

"Fine." But judging by the way his lip compressed to a tight line, he wasn't finished with the conversation and it would likely come up again. "So tell me about this park we're going to," he said after a lengthy pause that nearly set her nerves on edge.

"When I was pregnant I liked to come here because it was quiet and not too many people use it but it has really pretty trees and a beautiful view as well as a play park for the kids. It's just become my favorite place and Aubrey's too so I thought you might enjoy it, too."

"Absolutely."

Just as she said, the park was relatively quiet without a lot of traffic and as Nolan spread the blanket to unpack the picnic basket she let Aubry toddle off to pick dandelions in the grass. She peered quietly at Nolan as he prepared their picnic and she wondered why he was trying so hard. Why couldn't he have been the deadbeat that she thought he was? It would've made everything easier by half. But he seemed to really want to be a part of Aubrey's life and she was having a hard time holding on to the reasoning for excluding him. "Are you seeing anyone?" she asked, telling herself the information was important to know for Aubrey's sake but in truth, she was curious for her own reasons.

"No. I was seeing someone for a while but it didn't work out," he admitted. "I hope you like potato salad."

"I love potato salad," she murmured. "Why didn't it work out?"

Nolan shrugged. "It never does."

His answer was flip but she sensed there was something else beneath that fatalistic answer. Did she care enough to pry? Was it her business? She was afraid to be honest with herself. Luckily she was saved from delving too deeply into that topic when he turned the question around on her. "How about you? Are you seeing anyone?"

"No. I'm a single mom; I don't have time to date."

"If you had the time, would you date?" he asked.

"There are times I wish I had someone to spend time with for some adult conversation but I'm so focused on my work and on Aubrey that I just don't know if I have room in my life for someone else on a permanent basis."

"I know how you feel. Sometimes relationships seem like so much work."

"If you think a relationship is a lot of work you should try raising a child," she quipped wryly.

He nodded, his gaze following their child. "I can't seem to stop thinking about her. I hate that I've missed so much. When you told me that she had colic for three months I felt cheated for not knowing that simple fact about my child. I don't want to miss out on anything else."

"Nolan, being a father is so much more than you can even understand. Are you ready for that kind of commitment?"

"I don't know," he answered, adding, "but does anyone ever know if they're ready? Did you know you were ready to be a mother? Sometimes you're put into a situation and you're forced to be ready."

"Yes, but sometimes people fail and kids end up getting hurt. I don't want Aubrey to end up on the wrong end of that deal when you realize that you're not cut out to be a dad."

"Why do you assume that I'll fail?" he asked, pinning her with a stern stare. "Maybe I'll be great at it."

"Maybe." She shrugged, then sighed. "Maybe I'm not ready for you to be in the picture." It took a lot for her to admit that. Nolan seemed to acknowledge the big step she'd taken in admitting that fear and nodded in understanding. His quiet acceptance of her reasoning compelled her to explain. "When you said I didn't know you, you were right. But what I do know scares me. I don't approve of the lifestyle you live. How can I trust you with our child? I have traditional values and I know you don't."

Nolan fell silent and returned his gaze to the child as she squealed and laughed, dancing in the sunlight. Without another word, Nolan climbed to his feet and strode toward Aubrey. Shannon's first inclination was to follow but for some reason she held back. When he knelt down to Aubrey's level and plucked a dandelion for her, the moment Aubrey's chubby little hand closed around the delicate stem Shannon's heart melted a little. Nolan looked so earnest, so desperate to get to know their tiny child that Shannon couldn't help but think that she was being too stiff, too rigid. Maybe she had misjudged Nolan and, in fact, had cheated him of a relationship with their child. She'd been so sure she was making the right decision but in truth, she might have just been making a selfish one.

And that was a tough pill to swallow. Could Nolan be the father Aubrey needed? And if so, where did Shannon fit in the picture?

She squirmed in discomfort as she realized she wanted Nolan to want her, too.

This is about Aubrey, she cautioned herself. Not you. Besides, Nolan had never said he was interested in rekindling something with her. And that stung her pride.

Nolan watched as Aubrey's eyes lit up with wonder as she ran as fast as her chubby legs could carry her from one fascinating sight to the next. He followed to keep her safe but with each step he realized he could never walk away from his child. Ever. And when Aubrey tottered and fell on her little bottom, he was there to quickly pick her up. He didn't hesitate and simply scooped her into his arms. Aubrey grinned and stared into his eyes without fear. And if he worried that holding her would feel awkward, he realized his fear was misplaced. Holding her felt like the most natural thing in the world.

"Hello Aubrey," he murmured, taking in every detail of her precious face. "I think I'm your daddy."

"Da-da," Aubrey copied, smiling. Then she pointed. "More fowers, peez?" And he gladly helped search for every tiny little wildflower on the grounds. Each squeal of delight was like a shock to his heart that he quickly came to crave. He'd see to it that she had fresh flowers every single day if she so desired. And by the time he walked back to Shannon holding Aubrey in his arms he knew there was no going back. And judging by her expression, Shannon knew it, too.

They sat and ate their lunch, laughing at Aubrey and sharing what looked like an idyllic afternoon together but Nolan knew the questions swirling in his mind were likely as stark as the questions swirling in Shannon's mind. They had a lot to work out and there were no easy solutions.

Shannon was right; their values were not remotely the same. How could they raise a child somewhere in the middle? He knew it wasn't possible. So either he had to change or Shannon had to change. And given the fact that he didn't have a solid argument as to why Shannon should change, he knew that the change fell on his shoulders. Could he be the man Shannon needed him to be in order to be a good father to Aubrey? He honestly didn't know. And it scared him to think that he could lose Aubrey because of his past.

"I want the paternity done right away," he said abruptly. "I don't see any point in waiting. I want to get it over with so that I can get her name changed immediately."

"I told you I don't want to change her name," Shannon reminded him with a scowl. "Her name is Aubrey Garrity and it's staying that way."

"She's a Buchanan and she'll have the Buchanan name. Besides, whether you like it or not, there are legalities to inheritance. She has to carry my name if she's going to be named my heir."

"I don't need her to be your heir. You can be her father and have different last names."

"I'm not going to argue with you. In this, you will lose so don't waste your energy," he said curtly. "You've kept my daughter from me and I've missed out on so much. There are some things that I will not compromise." He was being an ass, he could tell by the wounded expression on her face but he couldn't help himself. He was angry and not only with Shannon. He was angry with himself for taking the easy way his entire life. Unlike his brother Dillon who walked away from the family fortune and went and made something of himself on his own, both Nolan and Vince had taken the path of least resistance, which hadn't done much to build their character. He wanted better for his daughter but he didn't know the first thing about providing a good example for her.

"Why are you picking a fight with me?" she asked. "We don't have to be on opposite sides."

"Don't we?" He looked away. "You put me on the opposite side when you failed to tell me I had fathered a child. I'm not trying to be the bad guy but you've already put me in the role."

Her lip trembled and she looked away. "I was protecting Aubrey."

"It's my turn to think about Aubrey's welfare, too. And I feel it's in her best interest to carry my name."

"Well, I disagree."

Nolan could tell Shannon would continue to stay on the opposite side of the argument and he decided for Aubrey's sake he would let the lawyers fight it out. Shannon had to know that she was going to lose. When the paternity revealed that he was the father, his rights would go into effect. There was no sense in beating her over the head with the point.

He'd ruined the afternoon but there was no escaping the fact that he was pent up with an unnamable energy. He was angry, shamed, but worse, he was lost. When Shannon started packing up the picnic he didn't stop her. An apology danced on his tongue but he knew it would fall on deaf ears and didn't bother.

The silent car ride back to her apartment was the most uncomfortable ride of his life.

"I'll be in touch," he promised.

"Yeah, I know," she said, glancing away with obvious displeasure. She looked as if she'd rather drink bleach than see him again. Hell, he'd made a mess of things.

He watched as Shannon and Aubrey disappeared in the apartment without saying goodbye. He supposed he deserved that. Since he was terrible company at the moment, he didn't pursue them.

He needed to talk to someone but whom could he trust with something so personal? Vince offered terrible counsel and Dillon was busy with his own impending fatherhood.

One person stood out in his mind but he was reluctant to go down that road for fear of what she'd say. But even as he feared this person's honesty, he trusted her intuition unlike anyone else.

"Penny?" he asked when she answered the line. Her relieved sigh on the other told him volumes.

"It's about time you called. I thought I was going to give birth before you came to your senses. Now fill me in with the details; I want to know everything."

By the time he'd finished, he felt emotionally drained.

"Nolan, don't you see what the answer is?" Penny asked.

"If I knew the answer I wouldn't be tied up in knots," he grumbled. Wasn't that obvious? "I know what the easy answer is but I can't do that."

"If the easy answer is to walk away then you're lucky you're not within slapping distance because I would totally whack you upside the head for being so dumb. Of course, the answer isn't to walk away. The answer is to woo Shannon. You're attracted to her and perhaps, with any luck, she's still attracted to you. Make a grand gesture to show her that you care."

"Like what?"

"I don't know, use your imagination and I'm not talking about flowers."

"I don't know her well enough to know what she'd appreciate and what she'd hate," he said morosely. "She doesn't care about my money and in fact, uses it against me. How am I supposed to combat that?"

"It isn't that she doesn't care about your money, it's that she knows you've used it to make your problems go away. Show her that you can do the work like everyone else and that you're not just going to throw money at the baby. She needs to know that you're going to be a true father."

"I want to be," he said. "But I don't know how."

"Well neither does Dillon but he's excited to find out. You need to stop being so afraid of failing and just go for it. I think you'll be a natural."

"Yeah? Why do you say that?" he asked.

"Because at your core, you are sweet and sensitive and caring. What more do you need to be a good father? I know you'll put the baby before your needs because you're already doing it."

"How do you know?"

"How many women have you slept with since landing in San Jose?" Penny asked, startling Nolan with the bold question.

"None," he answered. "I haven't been in the mood."

"Let's examine that for a minute: you, the perennial lover of women, haven't been in the mood to chase down some strange tail. Either you have a fever or you're growing up."

He shuddered. "Don't say that. Sounds like a death sentence."

"It's not," she assured him with a light laugh. "It's actually pretty awesome. Welcome to the Grown Up Club."

"Well, don't welcome me just yet," he warned, thinking of his unfortunate sexual flop the night before. He knew at the time he shouldn't have left with CeCe but he had anyway and it'd turned out embarrassingly awful. So, clearly, his judgment was still suspect. But he appreciated Penny's insight. "My brother is a lucky man," he said with a sigh and Penny chuckled warmly.

"No, I'm the lucky one. Now, go get your girls. I won't accept anything but total triumph. Got it?"

"Yes ma'am," he said, smiling.

"You can do this, Nolan. Trust in yourself," Penny said.

Trust. Commitment. Responsibility - the trifecta of terror. He wished he had Penny's faith. "Thank you, Penny."

"You bet. Take care, Nolan."

Nolan murmured his goodbye and clicked off. Woo Shannon? He knew how to get a woman into his bed but he had no idea how to build a solid foundation for a relationship. In the past he'd never cared to learn but now, he needed a crash course if he were going to make this work with Shannon.

Sweat broke out along his hairline. The stakes were high and as Penny said, winning was the only option.

So where to start?

Suddenly, an idea came to him and a slow grin spread across his lips.

Penny said to make a grand gesture - and he knew just the way to do it.

-7-

It'd been a long time since he'd tried his hand at cooking a decent meal but he was going to give it a try and hope his efforts didn't end up a smoking mess. But more importantly, as he stood at Shannon's doorstep, holding two grocery bags filled with cooking supplies, he hoped she didn't slam the door in his face or worse, push him down the stairs. He knew either reaction would be warranted given how badly he'd botched their picnic. This time, he was determined to keep things light and friendly, without broaching a single topic that revolved around touchy subjects.

Shannon opened the door and immediately groaned when she saw him. "What now?" she complained, then eyed his grocery bags with open suspicion. "What's that?"

"These," he hefted the bags higher "are filled with organic vegetables and pasture-fed beef and some other assorted goodies that I'm going to - hopefully - transform into something edible with your help."

"Is that so?" She crossed her arms. "And what makes you think I want you in my neighborhood, much less my kitchen?"

"I screwed up," he admitted, going straight to the point. "I don't know what I'm doing and it's difficult for me to handle not being in control. This is my attempt at an apology - again. Only this time, I promise to do it right," he added sheepishly. "I promise no talk of anything remotely touchy for either of us."

"What will we talk about?"

"For starters, I hope it's how to cook without burning because I'm starving."

She sighed, shaking her head as if she knew she shouldn't let him in but did anyway. "Fine. I can't believe I'm going to say this but, c'mon on in." Shannon moved aside and he walked past her into the tiny apartment. He tried not to notice how cramped everything was and how her furniture was worn and secondhand. He found the kitchen easily and started unpacking the bags. Shannon followed, scooping Aubrey up from the floor where she was playing, watching him with a perplexed expression. "I have to say I'm a little confused by all of this," she said.

He turned to her, his gaze taking in the mental picture of Shannon and Aubrey. Shannon wore motherhood well. It was a wonder no man hadn't staked his claim on her yet. He cleared his throat, determined to keep his thoughts pure and his motives innocent. "We don't have to be enemies but I realized we aren't even friends, yet. I want to change that. You're the mother of my child and I want to get to know you."

A smile played on her lips, plainly warmed by his honest answer and he returned the smile. "Do you think we could do that?" he asked.

She considered his request and then nodded. "Yeah, I think we can. Or at the very least, we can try. I'd like to get to know you, too."

"Good." He breathed a sigh of relief. "How about you start with the salad and I will try and figure out how to grill this steak in an oven."

"Or," Shannon said, grinning. "You could make the salad and I could fire up the barbecue I have on my patio. I'm a grilling queen."

He couldn't have been more relieved and he wasn't afraid to show it. "Far be it from me to keep a woman from showing off her natural talents. Please, by all means, take over the meat detail. I will not consider it a slight to my manhood in the slightest to chop lettuce."

She laughed and placed Aubrey in the living room with some toys. "Okay, keep on eye on Aubrey while I heat the grill."

Nolan began the process of washing the produce, all the while watching Aubrey as she played quietly with her favorite toys, and he was struck by how calm he felt in such foreign surroundings. By all rights he ought to feel as if he were ready to jump from his skin but in fact, the opposite was happening. Don't analyze it, a voice warned. Just enjoy it. Shannon returned and went to her cupboard to pull a dusty bottle of wine. She looked at him in question, almost nervously, as she said, "Drinking alone seems so pathetic. I've had this bottle of wine for quite a while now but since I never have anyone to drink it with, I've kept it in the cupboard." She bit her lip, unsure and Nolan gently took the bottle from her hand. Her shoulders slumped ever so slightly as she said, "Never mind-" but Nolan was already expertly popping the cork. "Oh!" Her cheeks colored as she emitted a small laugh. "I'll get the glasses," she said and he grinned at how cute she appeared when she was flustered.

She poured the wine, saying, "I don't know if it's good wine or not. I won it in a raffle."

Nolan took an exploratory sip, swished it in his mouth for her benefit and finally swallowed in approval. "Tastes good to me," he announced. "I've never been a wine snob. If it tastes good, I drink it. I don't care about the vintage or the price tag."

Shannon smiled and her face lit up with such beauty that Nolan had to wonder why he hadn't chased her down that morning, begging her to come back to the bed. How could he have let her walk away without so much as a phone number? Damn, he'd been an idiot. "Tell me about Shannon Garrity," he said as he chopped tomatoes. "Tell me something I don't know...something shocking."

She glanced at him from beneath her wine glass, her blush deepening. "How shocking?" she asked and the breath left his lungs. Oh God, he wanted to know every deep, dark secret she'd ever held to her breast. He forced a negligent shrug that belied the intense longing he was suffering and she released a shaky sigh, saying, "Well, I'm allergic to strawberries. I puff up like a blowfish and I itch like crazy until I can get some allergy medication."

"Oh, come on," he chided her playfully. "You can do better than that. I mean something truly shocking, though the strawberry allergy is good to know in case, Aubrey is also allergic. For the record, I'm allergic to garbanzo beans."

She made a face. "Eww. Who eats them in the first place. So gross."

"Well, thankfully, I'm not a huge fan either but my entire life I had to avoid a three-bean salad because people always seem to put garbanzo beans in it. Ruined many a family outing," he said with mock sadness. She laughed and poured more wine. Nolan accepted the refill but joked, "Careful, I'd hate to think you're trying to get me drunk to take advantage of me - which I wholly support, of course."

She laughed and wagged her finger at him, though her cheeks had blazed. "None of that, look what happened the last time."

Nolan's gaze strayed to Aubrey and he said with a shrug, "I don't know, seemed to work out pretty well. She seems like an awesome kid."

"She's the best," Shannon agreed, her eyes sparkling but wary. "However, I'm not looking to give her a sibling anytime soon."

"Good point," he agreed, though his heart had taken a leap at the idea. He mentally shook himself. No more pitstops in Crazytown. The very idea of...a delicate shudder tripped down his spine but he covered well by returning to the salad, saying, "Okay, Grill Queen, get ready to show your skills because my salad is going to win awards."

Shannon laughed and grabbed the meat to put on the grill. "Tough competition but I think my grilling skills are going to make your salad look like amateur hour," she boasted as she disappeared out the door.

Nolan popped a piece of lettuce in his mouth and chewed. This felt too good. Too easy. Maybe it was the wine. He tossed a few croutons down his throat, hoping to soak up some of the alcohol. The last thing he needed was to give into his baser urges and ruin the entire evening. He was determined to be on his best behavior, no matter that Shannon appealed to him on every level. Shannon reappeared, and he fought to keep his gaze anywhere but on her lean body including the cutest pair of tits he'd ever seen. Bee-stings, that's what they were. He remembered them well. He distinctly remembered sucking the pearled nipples into his mouth and how Shannon had arched and moaned, gasping as he'd coupled his attentions to her breasts with a finger slipped deep inside her wet and ready core. No! Don't go there. Too late. "Are you okay?" Shannon asked as she pulled plates from the cabinet. "You look a little flushed."

"I'm good," he said quickly, wondering how he was going to hide his growing erection. Perhaps he could hide it behind the salad bowl. No, that wouldn't look weird at all. No weirder than him springing a boner while shredding fresh spinach leaves. Ugh. "Um, I think Aubrey might need a diaper change," he lied. "I figured it was best if a professional handled the situation."

To his relief, Shannon laughed and walked over to Aubrey and picked her up to check. "Nope, all clean," she said, adding, "You know, diaper duty will be part of the deal. You'll have to learn eventually."

"True. Is there a class I should take or is it pretty self-explanatory?"

"It's not that hard, I promise. I'm sure you can figure it out but I'll let you off the hook for now."

"Thanks," he said, smiling. Finally, his cock had settled down - talking about changing potentially poopy diapers had definitely helped - and he could breathe easier. "Salad's done," he announced with flourish. He was pretty proud of his greens, if he did say so himself.

"I'll go get the steaks," Shannon said, lifting Aubrey and sliding her into the high chair before heading out with the plate and tongs. She returned a second later with two smoking hot and delectable steaks that made Nolan's mouth water.

"I think I'm in trouble," he admitted. "That steak smells like heaven."

"I warned you, I had skills. We should've made a wager. I could've come out on top," she teased.

On top. He groaned privately as his obnoxious man-brain supplied all sorts of ways for her to be on top of him specifically. Was he suddenly regressing to a seventeen-year-old twerp who couldn't wrangle his sexual drive for one blessed night? He didn't realize he was frowning until Shannon called him on it, worried. "I was just kidding. I'm sure your salad is wonderful."

He chuckled, embarrassed. If only his worries were about the quality of his salad. "I'm just starved. I'm about to start gnawing on the wood fixtures if we don't dish up soon."

"Oh, well, don't do that or else I'll never get my deposit back," she quipped with a flash of a shy smile. She handed him a plate. "Here, you can have the bigger steak."

He watched as Shannon began cutting tiny pieces of meat for Aubrey and shredding the salad into smaller, toddler-sized bites and he was struck by how the simple scene made his eyes inexplicably water. He thought of the meals he'd had as a child growing up in the Buchanan household and he couldn't recall a single time the family had eaten together. He looked away, discomforted by the tightness in his chest. Not everyone had an idyllic upbringing, he thought trying to shrug it off but that tight feeling remained until he felt compelled to rub his sternum. Determined to shake off the melancholy that hovered at the edge of his thoughts, he dug into his steak and was rewarded with a pretty fucking amazing mouthful of meat. "Damn, that's good," he murmured around the hot bite, he added without pausing, "You win."

Shannon laughed without false modesty. "I knew I would. My dad could grill anything and he taught me everything he knew. The competition was stacked from the start."

Nolan grinned and kept eating. A man could get used to this. If it was true that the way to a man's heart was through his stomach, Nolan had just lost more than a wager.

Dinner seemed to fly by and soon enough, after plenty of laughter and friendly banter, it was time for Shannon to put Aubrey to bed. She paused, holding a sleepy toddler and looked to Nolan. "Did you want to put her to bed?" she asked tentatively, knowing she was taking a big risk in inviting Nolan to do something so personal to her.

"I don't know what to do," he admitted, swallowing what was likely a lump of pure fear if his expression was any judge. She smiled and handed Aubrey over to him. "It's easy. Usually, we do bathtime first but since she's already so tired, we'll forgo the bath tonight. Follow me," she instructed as she showed him to Aubrey's room. The crib dominated the tiny bedroom but it was cute and cozy in warm shades of pink and lavender. "I usually read her a story in the rocker and by the end, she's usually out. Do you think you could handle that while I clean up the kitchen?"

Nolan stared at his daughter, a slow, adoring smile spreading across his lips and Shannon had to steel herself against the butterflies that erupted in her stomach. Was there anything sexier than a man holding his child with obvious love in his eyes? Oh goodness, her ovaries were kicking in high gear because seeing that look in Nolan's eyes just made him ten times sexier than he already was.

"I think I can handle that," he said, nodding as he sank into the rocking chair and accepted a book from Shannon. "The Pretty Pink Princess," he read in a soft voice as Aubrey listened with rapt wonder, leaning against his chest as if Nolan was a part of their routine and not a stranger. Tears stung Shannon's eyes as something heavy dragged on her heart and she backed out of the room before she started crying. If Nolan were a normal guy, maybe it would've worked out between them but Nolan was more than just a good guy she'd hooked up with. In fact, she wasn't even sure he was a good guy at all. The stories she'd heard...they just didn't gel with the man she saw in her daughter's bedroom, reading a silly story to a toddler as if it were the most fascinating story in the world. Her father had always taught her to judge people by their actions and thus far, Nolan's actions had been pretty above par. So what did that mean?

She didn't know - all she did know was that Nolan had suddenly jumped a few notches on the sexy meter and she was trying hard to remember why it was bad idea not to throw her baby daddy down on the sofa and have her wicked way with him.

That would be bad, right?

So bad.

And so, so, awesome.

-8-

Nolan emerged from Aubrey's bedroom fifteen minutes later and the softness in his eyes was the final straw. Shannon's gaze traveled hungrily across the wide planes of his shoulders and down to the hard ridge of his stomach, knowing from past experience that a slightly furred trail of hair disappeared behind his zipper and lead straight to a cock that haunted her dreams and refused to leave her memory. Really, it was like fighting a losing battle, she justified to herself, as she poured fresh glasses of wine and met Nolan in the living room. He hesitated at the wine, saying with open regret, "I have to drive. I probably shouldn't..."

"You don't have to leave just yet, do you?" she asked, her heart beginning a rapidly accelerated beat as her adrenalin hummed with pent up sexual tension. It'd been so long. Her vibrator was good for a quick release but it didn't compare to the feel of a man between her legs - specifically Nolan.

Nolan accepted the glass and read the look in her eyes. Suddenly, his gaze darkened and he said in a low tone, "You really ought to stop looking at me like that."

"Like what?" she asked, touching the rim of the glass to her bottom lip.

"The last time I saw that look we ended up leaving a club together and fucking all night. That's the kind of look I'm talking about. Unless you'd like a repeat of that night...I'd suggest you start thinking about puppies or kittens or basketball...whatever shuts down the engine."

"What if I don't want to shut it down?" she asked, holding her breath. What if he rejected her? Oh God, she'd die right there on the spot. But as he advanced, plucking her wine glass from her hand and pulling her tightly to him, she knew he wanted her just as badly as she wanted him and she nearly buckled. "Nolan," she whispered, her head dropping back as he immediately nibbled the soft skin of her neck. "I know we shouldn't but I can't help myself. This doesn't change anything, if we do this. Understand?"

He growled and the sound both thrilled and terrified her because she knew he was calling her bluff. Everything would change and they both knew it. She clutched at him, reveling in the way they fit together like two puzzle pieces and within a heartbeat he'd hefted her into his arms and her legs wound around his torso as their mouths found one another. Tongues and lips began a carnal dance as their lust climbed to a fevered pitch between them and Shannon no longer cared about the potential consequences. She'd been dreaming about Nolan since the day she'd walked away from his penthouse but she'd been too stubborn to admit that their one-night stand could've been a prelude to many more nights together. She'd known he'd wanted more but for how long? She hadn't wanted to be the one left behind when the time came and so had left first.

He carried her to the bedroom and quietly shut the door. His consideration of Aubrey, even in his lust-fueled haze, caused her to spiral deeper into a place she might never willfully return.

"God, woman," he groaned, his hands filled with her ass. "What have I been missing all this time?" They tumbled to the bed and she rolled on top, ripping at his clothes as eagerly as he tore off hers. When they were blissfully naked, she realized with a hot flush of embarrassment that her body had changed since they'd last been together. Was he disgusted by her stretch marks? Did he notice that her breasts were slightly different after breastfeeding Aubrey for a year? He caught her hands just as she started to cover her breasts, his gaze hot. "You're beautiful to me. More so than any woman I've ever seen. Don't ever hide from me."

"Pregnancy changes a woman," Shannon said quietly, sliding her tongue along her lips as she gazed at him, feeling vulnerable and exposed. "I was afraid."

He rose up and cradled her to him, the warm head of his cock nudging her. "Does this feel as if I'm disappointed in what I see?" he asked, his voice a sensual caress across her nerve endings. She shook her head with a shy smile. "I could never be disappointed in your body. You gave my daughter life," he said, right before claiming her mouth again and plunging his tongue inside.

They rolled and he was on top, traveling down her body, raining kisses down her belly and across her hipbones until he came to the triangle of trimmed pubic hair. "Such sweet strawberry curls," he murmured before delving straight between her folds without hesitating. God, Nolan knew what to do to a woman's clit to make her squirm and cry out. Shannon thrashed her head, unable to stand the intense pleasure rippling through her but she tried to muffle her gasping cries for fear of waking Aubrey. The need to be quiet only intensified her pleasure as his clever tongue coaxed a monster orgasm from her.

"Ohh, Nolan," she cried softly, rocking against the sensations cascading through her like a rainbow of sexual joy. "Oh, God..."

But before she could fully recover, Nolan had flipped her on her stomach and pulled her hips up. Her cheeks burned as she remembered what he'd done to her the last time she'd been in this position but her stomach muscles quivered with anticipation. His hand explored the rounded curve of her behind and dipped into her feminine core to slide her honeyed juices along her cleft and her eyelids fluttered shut on a moan. "Yess," she said in a low, urgent tone, arching her back for an easier entry. "Take me that way, Nolan. Please!"

"You have the most exquisite ass," Nolan murmured, pushing his finger against her sphincter, testing its strength and coaxing it to open with one slicked digit. "I've dreamed of your ass so many times I've lost count. Do you dream of my cock fucking you?" he asked in a silky whisper, pushing his finger deeper inside her.

"Yesss," she admitted on a gasp. "God, yes!"

"Say my name," he instructed softly.

"Nolan," she practically groaned, pushing against the digit buried in her ass. It was so sensually erotic to be impaled in such a personal place and Nolan made it so addictively pleasurable that she didn't know how long she'd last. "I need your cock, Nolan. Please, please, please!"

"So pretty when you beg," Nolan said, his voice warming with approval. Fresh arousal stabbed her as he withdrew his finger and replaced it with the head of his cock. He began the slow push and she opened for him, eager to feel him penetrate her completely. "Tell me your fantasies, love," he said with a grunt of pleasure as he seated himself more fully inside her. She groaned, unable to form words as the sensation of being utterly impaled swamped her ability to think clearly. "Tell me how you dreamed of my cock..."

"Every night," she gasped, arching deeply to accommodate Nolan's length. "I fantasized about you fucking me, like this, just like you did before. Ohhh, Nolan!" His thrusts became harder and her tightened, pearled nipples rubbed against the comforter, adding another layer of delicious sensation that nearly sent her tumbling over the edge. "Oh God, I can't hold back!" she admitted, shocked by how quickly she'd reached the point of no return but Nolan didn't mind, in fact, he seemed just as wild to crash into that wall as she was.

"That's it, baby," Nolan encouraged her, his grip tightening on her hips. "Cum for me, sweetheart!"

Ahhhh! And there it was, crashing down around her, clenching every muscle and sending her spinning into an even more powerful orgasm than the first, as she gasped like a fish out of water, desperate for air. Nolan followed seconds later, pumping his cream inside her with wild, jerking thrusts until he withdrew and collapsed beside her, his spent cock dripping onto his leg as he breathed heavily, his arm thrown over his eyes.

"Oh Jesus," he breathed, placing his hand on his heart. "I think I'm about to have a heart attack. That was intense."

She could only nod; she didn't trust her voice at the moment. She rose on shaky legs to clean up, still dazed by the intensity of her orgasm. She returned with a washcloth for Nolan and smiling, gently wiped his cock clean. "That was..." she was at a loss for words.

"As good as your steak," he finished with a grin and she laughed softly, climbing back to the bed. He curled his arm around her and pulled her close. Her eyes drifted shut and she fell into an immediate and almost drugged sleep. Her last thought before total oblivion was, she could get used to this...

Nolan knew the moment Shannon had fallen asleep. He lay there, holding Shannon against him, quietly reflecting how perfectly they fit together. He'd never truly believed that bullshit before until this moment. Shannon was unlike any woman he'd ever met and she was as intoxicating as any drug. His grip tightened on her and she sighed in her sleep, her fingers curling against his chest reflexively. If he could bottle a feeling, this was the one he'd pick.

Shannon and Aubrey deserved the best in life. As his gaze traveled the tiny master bedroom, he realized he'd buy Shannon the moon if she so desired but she didn't want anything so ostentatious. She didn't trust extreme wealth nor did she want it. The problem, could he scale down his standard of living without feeling as if he'd downgraded into total poverty? Did the money matter that much to him?

He thought of how Dillon had walked away from the money and had made his fortune on his own. He'd never admit this to Vince but Nolan admired his older brother Dillon more than anyone in the world. Dillon had been brave enough to take on the unknown. Nolan had clung to his privilege and wealth in exchange for his dignity and self-respect. Maybe that was why he'd tumbled into such debauchery with so little of a fight. Knowing right from wrong - at one time, he'd been able to make that distinction. He wanted to be a worthy father for Aubrey. Being a part-time dad didn't appeal to him at all. Not anymore. He'd been stupid to think he could be a Disneyland Dad. He wanted to read to her every night and watch as she learned to navigate the world.

That meant he needed Shannon in his world, too.

He realized, he was okay with that - more than okay.

For the first time ever, he fell asleep with a woman in his arms - the woman of his dreams.

-10-

"Oh my God, it's gorgeous!" CeCe exclaimed with girlish delight, clapping her hands over her mouth before more squeals escaped. She turned to Shannon, excitement in her eyes. "If you don't want it, I'll take it! This is way better than flowers!"

Shannon, irritated to be dragged from her stack of assessments that had continued to pile up, exited the back door behind CeCe and stopped short in shock. "What the? That's not mine," she protested, but the big giant red bow on top of the car with her name blazoned across the ribbon was hard to refute. The team started to file out amid plenty of murmured chatter. The coach, Jonas Mickle, appeared and stared, his hands on his hips.

"What's going on?" he bellowed, equally irritated that such a fuss had interrupted his practice. He squinted and read the ribbon, turning to Shannon. "Says it's yours. Well, is it?"

"I don't know," she stammered, going to the ribbon and plucking the large card on top of the windshield, embarrassed beyond belief to have everyone staring at her as if she'd just won the lottery. She ripped open the envelope and pulled out the card to read, "A more befitting ride for my two favorite girls..." Her cheeks burned and she bit her lip, unsure of how to explain such an extravagant gift showing up at her work. She looked to Jonas but he'd already lost interest and gestured, barking, "Show's over. Back to the ice."

While Shannon could only stare, CeCe had no trouble going to the beautiful monstronsity and checking it out with open delight. "This...is one helluva a ride," she said in breathy wonder. "Oh! And the keys are in the ignition. Should we take it for a spin?" she asked Shannon.

"No." Shannon shook her head adamantly, almost afraid of scratching or dinging it in anyway. She had no idea where it came from - well, she had a good idea - but wherever it came from, it was going back. She couldn't afford such a luxury and besides, it didn't look carseat friendly. "I wonder if the receipt is in the glove box."

At that CeCe whirled around on Shannon, frowning. "What are you talking about? You can't take the car back. It's probably paid for and it's a helluva lot better than that broken down piece of crap you insist on driving everyday."

"It's very pretty," she acknowledged, wincing a little at the idea of parting with it but she continued, "But I have a toddler. Look at that backseat. It's more of an afterthought. There's no way I'll get Aubrey's carseat into that thing without ruining my back." And the upholstery.

"Carseat? That gorgeous car is not meant for sticky toddler fingers or carseats of any sort," CeCe snorted. "That car is meant for cruising in style to the best clubs. That car is easily $75,000."

Shannon gulped, feeling faint. "And that's exactly why it's not staying with me. I'd be robbed blind in my own neighborhood if I showed up in something that ridiculous. What was he thinking?" she muttered, mostly to herself but CeCe caught it and laughed.

"Who cares? Whatever he did, he's forgiven. If he showed up with a ride this sweet for me I'd be willing to forgive him, too."

Shannon frowned. "Forgive who?"

"Nolan."

"You know Nolan?" Shannon asked, completely confused. "How do you know Nolan?"

"I wouldn't say I know him, per se, but I know him well enough in a certain way, if you catch my drift."

Suddenly Shannon felt ill. "And why would you need to forgive him?"

"We met at the club the other night and we spent some time together but then he straight up rejected me. Not cool. He totally led me on. But," she said, trailing her fingers along the import's sleek lines. "I'd forgive him in a heartbeat if this were mine."

"So you and Nolan hooked up?" she asked, her voice somewhat strangled.

"Sort of. If you count oral as hooking up."

Nolan's tongue had been in her intern's crotch. Yep, Shannon definitely felt ready to hurl. So much for all that naive hope that Nolan had changed. She'd let him sleep in her bed last night. She rubbed her forehead as a vicious headache threatened to crack her head in two. How could he have failed to mention that he'd been hooking up with other people while he was in town? Why would he? He was Nolan Buchanan and he could do whatever he wanted, right? Her rage percolated beneath her breastbone and she stomped away from the car and back to her office while CeCe followed.

"A word to the wise, CeCe, anything that comes from Nolan Buchanan is bound to come with strings attached," she warned her intern, still seething that Nolan had messed around - eww, stuck his tongue in another woman's crotch - while professing his earnest desire to be a better person. What a crock of shit. And she'd fell for it.

Of all the dumb, naive, stupid girl moves to make. She should've stuck with her original plan and just slammed the door in his face every time he darkened her doorstep with his smarmy face. She grabbed her cell phone and dialed her attorney. "Time to escalate. No more playing nice," she said when the attorney came on the line. "I want to file for sole custody."

"Playing nice didn't work?" the attorney surmised with a sigh. "All right. I'll put the paperwork together. In the meantime, no more talking to him until we see him in court."

"That shouldn't be a problem," she growled.

As far as she was concerned Nolan Buchanan was just a sperm donor - and nothing more.

"What do you mean it was returned?" Nolan demanded, as openly perplexed as the car manager on the other line. "It was paid for in full"

"I know, which is why I called," the manager said, clearly uncomfortable. "We had the car delivered just as you asked-"

"With the big bow and everything?"

"With the big bow and everything," he agreed. "But no sooner had it been delivered, about a half hour later she called the dealership and demanded that we take it back. I tried to explain that it was hers but she plain refused to accept it. We've never had anything like this happen before and we weren't sure of what to do. We figured since you paid for the car...you might want to come and get it because your lady friend will not accept it."

Son-of-a-bitch, he thought to himself, confused and becoming angry. What was wrong with her? "Hold onto it for a few days until I can talk some sense into her," he said darkly.

"No problem, Mr. Buchanan. We'd be happy to hold onto the car for you."

The man was probably shaking in his boots at the idea of all that commission going down the drain if Nolan returned the car and got his money back. Nolan sighed and hung up. He was going to have to get to the bottom of this right now.

Nolan zoomed over to Shannon's apartment and bounded up the stairs to knock hard on the door.

"If that's Nolan Buchanan, go away. My lawyer has advised me not to speak to you until we go to court."

Court? "What are you talking about?" he asked, pounding on the door. "Open up and talk to me like an adult."

"Don't you chastise me as if I'm the one acting like a child when you're the one who-never mind! Go away! I have nothing more to say to you."

"Like hell you do," he shouted, kicking the door for good measure. "Shannon, I swear if you don't open this door I'll kick it down."

"Do it and I'll call the cops."

"Fine! Call the cops. In the meantime, I'm going to stand right here until you open the door and your neighbors are going to get an earful of our personal business."

He didn't know why he wasn't simply leaving to wait until she calmed down from whatever snit she was in but he was pissed as hell that she'd refused his gift and doubly pissed that he had no idea why. "You have an awfully strange way of showing your gratitude," he said, banging on the door one last time. "A thank you is the usual way of showing someone appreciation for a nice gift."

"Go screw yourself Nolan. I never asked you to buy me a car and I certainly didn't ask you to barge into my life and mess it up."

"How have I messed up your life?" he demanded.

Aubrey's cry sounded on the other side and he bit back the swear words that bubbled to the surface. "Shannon, open the door, please. No more yelling, I promise. Just open the door."

"Talk to my lawyer."

"What do we need lawyers for?" he asked. "I thought we were trying to build something together for Aubrey...was I totally off-base? If so, what was last night about?"

At that the door flew open and Shannon's eyes blazed while she juggled Aubrey on her hip. Aubrey reached for Nolan and he instinctually opened his arms to her but Shannon hissed and whirled Aubrey out of reach, saying, "I've got to hand it to you. You played me really well. I actually believed you were changing but I'm onto you now. I tried to give you the benefit of the doubt that perhaps the rumors were false but I was wrong. You're a womanizing w-h-o-r-e," she said, spelling out the word whore to protect Aubrey's little ears, but Nolan felt slapped by the venomous attack. "Next time you're trying to convince someone that you're anything but a b-a-s-t-a-r-d make sure you don't end up sleeping with that person's young, blabbermouth intern!"

And then the door slammed shut again and Aubrey's cry followed. Nolan stared, at first unable to make sense of what Shannon had said and then an awful feeling came over him as he put two and two together. Fuck. He scrubbed his hands over his face and fought the urge to bust down the door, if only to explain but what could he say? He'd screwed up. He knew he should've listened to his instincts and stayed at the hotel. Damn you, Vince for convincing me otherwise. No, damn himself for not listening to that little voice he could only assume had been his good sense.

He took a minute to calm down but he was rapidly losing his ability to think rationally, mostly because he knew she was right. He hated that he'd screwed up so royally and this was the first time his money couldn't save him because Shannon didn't care about his money. "Shannon, at least take the car," he managed to bite out. "Your car isn't safe. I don't want Aubrey in that piece of junk you call a vehicle."

"I had it returned."

"I know that," he said, glowering. "If you don't like it, pick out something else. Bottom line, it's paid for and you need something more reliable when you're driving my daughter around."

"I don't want anything from you, go away!"

Nolan's mouth compressed to a fine line. She wanted to play with lawyers? Fine. Let's see how her lawyer stacked up against his team of lawyers. By the time he was finished with her, she'd be lucky to see Aubrey on weekends for supervised visitation.

"See you court, babe," he called out caustically and spun on his heel.

Shannon would find he made a terrible adversary - Buchanans made it a point to never lose.

Ever.

-9-

Shannon wept for days. Or at least it'd felt like days. CeCe had agreed to take over her duties while she sorted things out with Nolan and she was grateful for the intern's help, although she'd never realized how competent CeCe was until this crisis had arisen. It made Shannon feel guilty for not giving her more responsibility but Shannon had taken one look at CeCe and worried mostly about her sleeping with half the team before her internship was finished.

How could Shannon have fallen so quickly and so hard for Nolan Buchanan when she'd only truly known him for such a short time? And given the circumstances, it was apparent, she'd never truly known him at all.

She stared dully at the paternity results, not surprised that Nolan's paternity had been confirmed. Likely, Nolan had the results as well as they were each mailed the results. It was a formality insisted upon by the court and her attorney said it was necessary to establish child support. She'd balked. "I don't want his money. I want him out of our lives."

The lawyer looked at Shannon with exasperation. "It doesn't work that way. He's the father; he should pay. Technically, you're considered low-income so any money the state has already paid for Aubrey will be docked from his paycheck. The money will be paid one way or another. Besides, you're angry right now; when you come to your senses, you're going to want him to help with expenses for the baby."

But Shannon didn't want Nolan to have any reasonable justification for being around Aubrey. He wasn't father material in any way shape or form and she'd pointed that out to the lawyer.

"Is he abusive?"

"No," Shannon answered, frowning.

"Is he a danger to the child?"

"No, of course not. He's very good with Aubrey."

"Then you've got no leg to stand on in court. You will be awarded 50-50 joint custody," she'd said. "I suggest you get used to it."

Hot tears burned under her lids. She felt helpless to stop what was happening and she was getting sick at the thought of handing over her daughter when the time came. She was down $5,000 and, just as the lawyer had told her, nothing had changed. The fact was, it didn't matter if Nolan was a total lying, womanizing bastard, because he looked good on paper.

Oh, who was she kidding? He looked good, period. That was the problem. His handsome face and loose morals - bad combination!

A knock at the door sounded and she glanced up from her sodden pillow, tempted to ignore whoever it was. Aubrey was still taking a nap and thus Shannon had tried to do the same but sleep had eluded her just as it had been avoiding her at night, too. The knock sounded again and Shannon reluctantly climbed to her feet and hastily wiped the tears from her face before opening the door. A heavily pregnant brunette with cheeks pinked from the exertion of climbing the stairs smiled at her but placed her hand on her back with a wince, saying, "Are you Shannon Garrity?"

"Y-yes?"

"Oh good," the woman breathed in relief. "I didn't want to think I'd climbed those awful stairs for nothing. Would you mind inviting me in for a cool glass of water?"

"Who are you?" Shannon asked, moving aside with uncertainty. "Do I know you?"

"Not at all," she answered with good cheer and settling into the sofa with a groan. "But I think you're going to want to hear what I have to say."

"And why is that?"

"Because I'm Penny Buchanan - Nolan's sister-in-law - and you and I have a lot to talk about."

Buchanan? Shannon couldn't help the scowl that followed. "My lawyer says-"

"Let's leave the lawyers out of this for now. I want to talk to you woman-to-woman because whenever men are involved, chances are they've screwed it up somehow."

Wasn't that the truth, Shannon thought wryly with a grudging sense of appreciation for the woman's style. "About that water though..."

"Oh! I'm sorry," Shannon jumped up to get some water. She returned and handed a bottled water to Penny, taking in the woman's obviously pregnant belly and plump features. There was something about Penny that Shannon liked, even though she probably shouldn't. Penny was obvious on Team Buchanan and not likely to side with Shannon but she was curious as to what Penny had to say. "So, why are you here?"

"Because I knew Nolan was probably screwing everything up and I wasn't wrong. My husband thinks I'm out shopping for baby things but I took a drive instead. He'd have a fit if he knew." She giggled for a second as if she were pleased to be pulling one over on her husband, then continued more seriously, "It wasn't hard to find your address after I did a little snooping around - which, I might add, is a safety hazard. You need better security."

"Well, to be fair, this is the first time I've been stalked by a wealthy family," Shannon quipped darkly. "I'll know to go off the grid next time."

"Listen, I want to tell you about the Buchanans. I will be upfront and honest with you about anything you want to know but I want you to listen with an open heart. The Buchanans are good men but they're covered in a layer of hard stone as a protection mechanism. You see, they had terrible childhoods. Their father - well, I would never speak ill of the dead but it's probably a safe bet that he's not up in heaven chasing butterflies - and they've had to deal with a lot. They all made some really bad decisions but deep down, they are very good men. I promise you that."

"How do you know them so well?"

"Oh, I've slept with all three of them," she admitted cheerily, shocking the hell out of Shannon.

"Excuse me?"

"Yes, it's a sordid story and one that shamed me for a long time until I realized that if things hadn't unfolded the way they did I wouldn't have met the love of my life - Nolan's oldest brother, Dillon. And I wouldn't have this beautiful bundle growing in my belly right now. I have no regrets. Not one. But if I had listened to my anger and hurt rather than my heart, I never would've known true happiness was just around the corner." Shannon peered at the lush, curvy woman and blushed at the thoughts running through her mind but Penny smiled graciously. "Shannon...love can change a person. I know you're wondering if it's possible for Nolan to change and I can tell you, without a doubt: yes. And Nolan has definitely changed."

"He had oral sex with my intern," Shannon said flatly. "That doesn't sound as if he's changed much to me."

"Yes, he told me."

"He told you?" Shannon was aghast. "Why?"

"Because he didn't know who else to talk to. He wanted to talk to you," she added gently. "But you wouldn't take his calls."

This was true. "What did he say?" she asked, curious in spite of herself. "Not that it matters. Can't change what happened."

"He screwed up, plain and simple but big change doesn't happen without a little backsliding. The fact is, he wants to be the man you and Aubrey deserve but without a little guidance, he has no clue where to start."

"So you think I should just forgive him?"

"I'm sharing information - what you do with it is your business. I've said my piece and that's all I'll say. I wanted you to hear a different perspective before you made a permanent decision that you can't take back."

"You think Nolan will make a good father?"

"I think he's going to do his damnedest to try and honestly, what more can you ask for? Did you know you would be a good mother before the baby arrived?"

Fair point. Shannon hated the clear logic because it pierced through the emotional haze clouding her vision.

Penny glanced around, clearly looking for Aubrey. "Now, where is that beautiful niece of mine that I've heard so much about?"

"Sleeping but you can peek in on her if you like."

Penny grinned with delight and lumbered from her seat, breathing a little heavier. Shannon smiled in memory of being that pregnant. Hard to believe but Shannon had carried an extra forty pounds on her lean frame while carrying Aubrey. Thankfully, breastfeeding had melted away the weight but Shannon had a feeling Penny was just fine with her curves as the woman radiated confidence.

Penny's gaze lit up with pure joy as she gazed on Aubrey and her hand went instinctively to her rounded stomach. "Those Buchanan genes are strong," she remarked softly, looking to Shannon.

"Yeah, I knew right away just by looking at her that she favored Nolan."

"Luckily Nolan is almost too pretty for a man," Penny said, winking.

Shannon chuckled and they left the room. "Does Nolan know you're here?"

"Oh goodness, no. He'd have a fit if he did. He's still licking his wounds and being a total ass. I've never seen him so agitated. Nolan is the cool kid who never gets ruffled but you've really turned his world upside down, which is a good thing. Nolan needed a little chaos in his perfect little world. My Papa used to say that certain people come into our lives to give us the opportunity to grow but growing pains are often painful, that's the part that often gets overlooked. You and Aubrey did for Nolan what I wasn't meant to do; challenge him to grow as a person."

Shannon digested that information and marveled at Penny's wisdom. Behind that merry smile and dimpled cheeks was the brain of a very smart woman. No wonder Dillon had snapped her up. She regarded Penny to ask in a quiet voice, "Do you think Nolan could love me eventually, not just as Aubrey's mother, but as a woman and a partner?"

Penny's eyes sparkled mischievously as she answered, "I think he already does."

Shannon sucked in a surprised breath. Was it possible? Her eyes watered. She supposed it was time to make a difficult and emotionally scary phone call.

She could only hope it wasn't too late.

-10-

Nolan's phone buzzed on the table and he ignored it, choosing instead to finish off his tequila. He wasn't even sure why he was still hanging around this town when he was clearly not wanted. He ought to leave. Pack his shit and go; let the lawyers hash it all out. Shannon was going to lose - he was going to pick her bones apart in court. But that didn't give him a hint of satisfaction. He didn't want to destroy Shannon. She'd pushed him to this place. He'd wanted to provide for her and Aubrey; he'd wanted to wake up with her in his arms.

Hell, maybe he'd even wanted to marry her.

But she didn't want anything to do with him. Not that he blamed her. Who would want a perverted son-of-a-bitch like him? In his life he'd done nothing worth crowing about, but he certainly had enough to be ashamed of.

Isabel, Penny...now Shannon?

And that wasn't counting the number of nameless one-night stands that he'd fucked and forgotten.

What kind of man was he? Why would Shannon want anything to do with him? What could he offer her aside from cold, impersonal wealth? He didn't know how to be a decent person.

A loud banging sounded at his hotel room door and Vince hollered from the other side. "Stop crying in your beer and let me in."

"Go away, Vince," Nolan said, reaching for a fresh bottle of tequila. He planned to drink away this pain or die trying.

"Open this door, you pussy."

"Fuck off."

"C'mon, let me in."

Nolan sighed and cast a sour look toward the door but climbed to his feet nonetheless. He opened the door and returned to his tequila.

"This is pathetic," Vince remarked, taking in the general disarray of the room and the Nolan's overall sense of self-loathing. "What is happening here? I can tell you what's not happening - personal hygiene," he said, waving away the stench of Nolan's unwashed body. "Jesus, open a damn window. You could choke an elephant."

Nolan smirked, unmoved by his twin's disgust. "I've resigned myself to wallowing in my own filth because it's where I belong."

Vince rolled his eyes, irritated. "When did you grow ovaries? This is ridiculous. All this over one chick?"

"She's not just a chick!" Nolan shouted, slamming his fist down on the table so hard that the tequila nearly spilled. "She's the mother of my daughter. Don't you get it?" He stared hard at his twin, unable to contain his fury. "She's the most amazing woman I've ever met and she doesn't want a thing to do with me and you know why? Because I'm not worthy of her time."

"Says who?" Vince retorted, not impressed. "There are plenty of fish in the sea as they say." He helped himself to a shot of tequila and gulped it down. "Think about it, Nolan. You only want this woman because she's the first to turn you down. Eventually, you would've gotten over whatever you're going through and you'd have moved on. Count yourself lucky that she cut you loose before things got ugly and complicated."

"You don't get it, Vince," Nolan said, shaking his head. "What I feel is more than a passing thing. Whatever I feel, is so strong, I feel it in my bones."

Vince cut his gaze away. "It'll pass."

"Did it?" Nolan pressed, daring his brother to lie to him. "Did it pass with Isabel? Or does not a day go by that you don't think of her?"

"That's different," Vince said, refusing to look at Nolan. He reached for the tequila. "No fair bringing up the dead."

"Who said any of this was fair?" Nolan mocked, leaning back in his chair to stare out the window. "If life were fair...hell, we both know it's not good to travel down that road."

"True." Vince stared morosely into his tequila before downing it. A long moment stretched between them before Vince said, "Do you love her?"

Nolan squeezed his eyes shut, almost afraid to put a name to the wild feeling wrapping itself around his heart but he knew whether or not he admitted it wouldn't change anything. "Yes," he said, his lids flipping back open. "I do."

"Then you can't give up," Vince said finally. "Go to her, figure it out."

"She doesn't want me. I disgust her."

"There's a fine line between love and hate. Maybe you can nudge her the right way."

"I screwed up."

"We all screw up. At least you're trying to fix it. That's more than what some of us did." Nolan knew Vince was talking about himself and how things had unfolded with Isabel. Vince's pain over Isabel's loss was almost palpable when Vince cracked open that box. Of the three of them, Vince had suffered the most over Isabel's suicide. Nolan feared that as messed up as the Buchanan boys were, Vince's damage was the deepest. Vince stood abruptly and walked toward the door, saying gruffly, "If you really love her...stop bitching about how pathetic you are and just go make it right. It's the only choice there is."

And then he left.

Nolan drew a deep breath. Vince was right. He could sit there crying like a whiny baby or he could man up and go after his woman.

He stumbled to his feet and swayed when the tequila caught up to him. Oh damn, he realized when the room tilted on its axis, he was trashed. And there was no way he was going anywhere - but straight to the floor.

And that's exactly where he ended up.

Shannon worried her bottom lip, her mind nowhere near where it should be as the new line up of players received their beginning of the season talks from the head coach. Most of the players already knew Shannon as the head athletics trainer but she still had to make her appearance, nod and wave and then return to her office to finish the odds and ends of paperwork for the insurance requirements.

Usually, she enjoyed the fresh start of a new season - she loved hockey and everything that came with it - but her thoughts were a chaotic mess. She'd tried repeatedly to get a hold of Nolan but her calls had gone unanswered. She supposed that was to be expected as she'd tossed him out of her life like a diseased potato but she was a bit shocked that he refused to take her calls.

Okay, so maybe her pride was dinged but the bigger issue was that she was a bit worried. It seemed unlikely that Nolan would refuse to answer the phone, especially since they shared a child together. What if the call were about Aubrey? She frowned, chewing her pencil. Perhaps she ought to call the hotel and have them do a security check. No, that was silly. He was fine. She couldn't blame him for being prickly given their last meeting.

CeCe nudged her and Shannon realized the head coach was staring at her expectantly. "Oh!" She stepped forward with a perfunctory smile. "I'm your sports trainer, Shannon Garrity. I will be the one bandaging your cuts and breaks as well as making recommendations on game day whether you sit or continue to play in the event of an injury. Here's to a great, injury-free season." Then, she backed out and walked hurriedly to her office, determined to finish up her papers and go to the hotel where Nolan said he was staying.

But CeCe was hot on her trail. Shannon swallowed a private groan. It was hard to look at her intern knowing Nolan had been intimate with her but she tried to remain professional. "Is there anything you need, CeCe?" she asked, shuffling her papers into a stack.

"I could do those for you," she offered with an engaging smile. "I don't mind."

Shannon held a brief smile before answering with mild chagrin, "I'm afraid, I have to be the one to do this, but thank you. Besides, I've leaned on you pretty hard in the pre-season. I don't usually put that much responsibility on the interns."

"I can handle it," CeCe said. "And I have less on my plate than you do."

Shannon nodded in distraction, wishing she could hand off the tedious paperwork but knew she shouldn't. "Yes, and I appreciate that but I'm the only one who can sign off on the insurance paperwork for the team."

"Okay," CeCe said, but she continued to linger. Shannon glanced up with a subtle frown as CeCe trailed her finger lightly across the desk before stopping before the placard with Shannon's name on it. "Just trying to help."

"And I appreciate it," Shannon said, puzzled by CeCe's odd behavior. "Why don't you go on home? I don't need you for the rest of the day. Besides, I'm taking off as soon as I get this done."

"What about the cut players' final release papers?" she asked.

Shannon waved off CeCe's question, answering, "Oh, don't worry about those. I can do them tomorrow."

"Yeah, but didn't the coach say he wanted those done today?"

"Coach always wants the outgoing players stuff done as of yesterday. He doesn't like the lingering energy to foul up his season. He's superstitious that way but there's no reason why I can't file the papers first-thing tomorrow."

"Okay," CeCe said, but there was something in her eyes that made Shannon feel distinctly uncomfortable. Shannon had never believed CeCe to be a threat in anyway but at the moment, she almost felt the urge to check for a knife in her back. CeCe returned Shannon's forced smile and left the office.

That was weird.

Shannon nearly rethought her decision to leave early. But she knew she had to talk to Nolan before they ended up in court, sniping at each other over hurt and bruised feelings. You're overreacting. CeCe is not out for your job. She's a kid for crying out loud. Shannon emitted a shaky laugh and blamed her paranoia on her nerves.

An hour later she'd picked up Aubrey from daycare and she was headed to Nolan's hotel.

-11-

The first thing Nolan realized was his head was splitting; the second was the sound of Shannon's voice penetrating the drunken fog. He tried to lift his head from the carpet but it seemed permanently stuck there, as if glued.

"Oh, my God, Nolan! You're bleeding!" she exclaimed, rolling him to his back. "Oh, my goodness gracious, you must've hit your head on the corner of the dresser when you fell. I'm going to call 911."

"I'm fine," he tried to tell her but his lips weren't cooperating and the words came out an indistinct mumble. "No hospital," he slurred but she ignored him and began talking to the front desk to call an ambulance. He'd never live this down, he thought with regret. Dillon and Vince would tease him mercilessly until he died an old, frail man. He'd have to make Shannon see that all he needed was a few minutes to collect himself but even as he struggled to open his eyes, he was overwhelmed by the need to shut his eyes and drift.

He drifted further away from the sound of Shannon's voice and the pain in his head lessened. Was he on a cloud? It did seem as though he were floating. He laughed soundlessly at the idea of floating, sitting cross-legged and riding as if on a current of air through the sky. No, that wasn't right. He didn't want to float on clouds. He wanted Shannon and Aubrey. He frowned and willed himself to wake up but he remained in the nothingness of wherever he was. Faces from the past faded in and out of his vision and he didn't know if he was hallucinating or if he were dead.

God, he hoped he wasn't dead. He wasn't ready to die. He needed to be there for Aubrey - to make sure no guy like him ever comes within two feet of her when she's old enough to date - and he needed to be there for Shannon because without her in his life, he had nothing.

"Shannon," he tried calling out but his lips were rubbery and uncooperative. "Shannon..."

He pulled her face from his memory and held it in his mind's eye, determined to keep her close. And each time he started to drift further, he thought of Shannon as his life-line. His life was with her. He knew it without hesitation or reluctance. Too bad, he'd been too stupid to say it before now.

Instead of drinking himself incoherent, he should've camped out on her doorstep and begged for her forgiveness instead of stomping off like a petulant child and pouting.

So many bad choices in his life. He wanted to make amends - to make a difference in his life so he could live a different life. He wanted many more daughters and sons to fill his house with the sound of laughter and happiness and he wanted to help Shannon attain any goal she had - even if it meant moving to Canada so she could chase her dream. He'd live anywhere or do anything to see her succeed because her happiness was his only currency.

But none of that would matter if he couldn't wake the fuck up!

<br/>

And then, as if by the power of a prayer that only her heart could whisper, Nolan's eyelids slowly fluttered open and she held her breath, tears springing to her eyes. "Nolan?"

"Sh-shan-non," he said on a moan and she nearly broke down and sobbed in relief.

"Yes, I'm here," she assured him, raining kisses on his hand. "I've never left your side."

"Shannon?"

"Yes? Do you want the doctor?"

"My head hurts and my mouth feels as if I've been sucking on a dirty shoe."

She laughed through her tears. "Well, I should say so, you've been unconscious from a head injury. You fell and hit your head at the hotel. You're lucky to be alive. Your brothers and your sister in law are here. They went out to get something to eat but they'll be back soon." She lifted a water cup to his lips and he drank deeply. "Hold on, I'll get the doctor."

"Not yet. I have to say something that's meant for your ears only."

"You need to rest," she protested but his grip on her hand tightened and she stilled.

He grinned slowly, looking unconscionably adorable, as he said in a husky voice, "I'm lucky because you're here with me. I don't need anything else but my woman and my daughter. I love you, Shannon."

His admission stole the breath from her lungs. She licked her lips, unable to believe what she'd just heard but as he held her gaze she knew he spoke the truth. "I love you, too," she murmured happily, bending down to place a tender kiss on his lips. "I love you more than I ever realized I could love another person aside from my child."

"I should've been spending more time figuring out how to be a man worthy of your love, instead of trying to buy your affection," he said. His earnest tone nearly cracking her heart in two as he said, "I'll spend the rest of our lives making it up to you. I promise."

Shannon's answering smile was warmed by the love spilling over in her heart as she whispered in his ear, "That's a deal, Buchanan," she paused to add in a teasing manner, "Now hurry up and get well. We have three years worth of sex to catch up on and I'm impatient to get started."

He grinned weakly but soon enough his eyelids fluttered closed again and he was asleep. Shannon watched him sleep, knowing with a certainty that she was looking into the face of her future. Maybe that's why she'd been so eager to leave him that morning after their first night. One night and her soul had known, he was the one.

Two years later, fate had returned her to him.

And she wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth.

She wanted a life with Nolan Buchanan, starting right now.

-Epilogue-

"One bonk on the head and you're nearly six feet under. I never knew you were such a pussy," Dillon joked, eliciting a muffled laugh from his wife, Penny as they sat around the table at the family home on a weekend visit. Nolan had made the choice to telecommute for Shannon's sake so she could finish the season with the Juggernaut. It'd been an easy decision for Nolan. He wanted to be wherever his two favorite people were. Nolan accepted the good-natured ribbing because he knew there was no choice. If the situation were reversed for either of his brothers, he would be as merciless.

But none of that mattered. He was alive and he was planning a wedding. Strange but true. He was going to marry Shannon Garrity.

"Do you think I should hyphenate?" Shannon asked, nibbling on her lip in a way that made him want to suck that delectable lip right into his mouth. "I mean, Shannon Buchanan, it's kind of rhyme-y. Sort of like Julia Gulia, from The Wedding Singer."

Penny laughed again and nodded. "Oh, my goodness! You're right! That's funny."

Nolan looked to Shannon and a frown dipped his brows. "You're carrying my name, woman," he said to her. "I don't care how it sounds."

Shannon graced him with a stubborn look. "I think Shannon Garrity-Buchanan has a very nice ring to it," she said with a sniff.

The truth was, he didn't care if she hyphenated as long as his name was attached to hers somehow. He pulled her into his arms and gave her a resounding kiss. "It does," he agreed. "As long as we're together, I don't care."

"Ugh." Vince rolled his eyes. "'Both my brothers have lost their balls," he said, getting up to leave.

"Where are you going?" Nolan asked. "Aren't you going to visit?"

"And talk about weddings and babies and last names? No thanks. I'd rather pull my eyelashes out." Nolan sobered, knowing his brother felt alone now that both Dillon and Nolan had found someone. He could only hope that someday his beloved twin found the same level of joy but Vince was so closed off, he might not even know it if it were staring him in the face.

"You'll be at the wedding, right?" Nolan asked.

Vince paused and cast him a look filled with love even though they were men and not supposed to be pussies about that kind of stuff. "I wouldn't miss it," he answered gruffly and then walked from the room.

"I don't think he likes me," Shannon said quietly. Penny, Dillon and Nolan knew Vince's attitude had nothing to do with Shannon and everything to do with the pain he carried around inside himself but Nolan didn't want to reveal Vince's private business.

"That's just Vince," Nolan said, forcing a smile. "In his own way, he'll grow to love you. He already adores Aubrey."

"It's true," Penny agreed, rubbing her enormous belly. "He tries to hide it but Vince has the softest heart. He's going to drive all of us crazy by spoiling the kids rotten."

Shannon smiled, relieved. "Oh good. I thought it was me."

Nolan appreciated Shannon's concern for his twin, knowing how close he was to his brother. Vince would come around, eventually. And it was true, Vince loved Aubrey to distraction.

"So did you ever figure out who sent that anonymous letter in the first place?" Penny asked, intrigued. "Who knew they'd be a blessing in disguise."

"Actually, I did find out," Shannon answered, shooting a glance at Nolan. "It was CeCe, my intern. She found out through a friend of mine, did a little research and when she discovered Nolan, she thought if I were embroiled in a custody battle, I wouldn't notice what she was doing behind my back, which was trying to steal my job."

"What a dirty little you-know-what." Penny gasped in outrage.

"Yes," Shannon agreed. "I would've never known if I hadn't stumbled upon a few slips of paper that she'd apparently practiced her letter statement to Nolan on. Dumb girl left the rejects on her notepad on her desk. I guess she was so busy trying to take over my job she forgot about it. I went into her area to find the stapler-remover because she was always taking it and forgetting to return it, that I found the notepad under a stack of papers. Once I had the evidence in my hand, it was hard for her to refute. I took great relish in letting her go."

"Wow. That's crazy," Penny said. "Sometimes women can be really catty when it comes to other women. But, in a way, she brought you two together."

"True," Shannon agreed, smiling. "I wish her the best but I'd never work with her again."

"Well, of course not, you can't trust her farther than you can throw her!"

Shannon and Penny laughed and the conversation moved back to wedding details, which was a perfect excuse for Dillon and Nolan to excuse themselves without getting an earful.

As Dillon and Nolan enjoyed a little Irish whiskey in the study, Nolan said, "I never thought I'd find anything remotely close to what you and Penny have."

Dillon lifted his glass in salute, agreeing, "We're lucky men."

Nolan savored his whiskey, adding reflectively, "Do you think there's someone out there for Vince?"

"I hope so," Dillon answered but his tone said he shared Nolan's fears about their brother. "If anyone needs someone to help heal the pain from the past...it's Vince."

Nolan nodded. Perhaps it wasn't in the cards for Vince, but he sincerely hoped so. Now that he had Shannon and Aubrey in his life, he realized what he'd been missing.

He wanted that for Vince, too.

"Little brother, he has to follow his own path," Dillon said, shrugging. "If I've learned anything, if it's meant to be...it will find a way."

Simple but sage advice.

"Let's hope fate is kind to Vince, too," he said, lifting his glass and Dillon did the same.

"Here's to hope."

They both drank and sighed with contentment.

Life was good - and Nolan knew he was one lucky son-of-a-bitch.

"So fatherhood..." Dillon asked, his nerves showing. "How is it?"

In this Nolan had no trouble beaming from ear to ear, saying, "Brother, it's the best thing that has ever happened to me. You're going to love it."

Nolan couldn't wait to add to their brood, but he'd made a deal with Shannon - no more babies until after the wedding.

Anytime after that was fair game.

He smiled at the thought.

Making babies with Shannon...he couldn't wait.

And this time around, he wasn't going to miss a single minute.

