Chapter 1

Mrs. Damien Stark.

Those three simple words fill my thoughts as they have all morning, ever since I spoke the magic words that transformed me from Nikki Louise Fairchild, a single woman, to Nikki Fairchild Stark, a wife.

I feel the tug of muscles as my mouth curves up into a grin, followed by the tightening of Damien's hand around mine. "You're smiling," he says.

"I can't seem to stop," I admit. We have been walking side by side along a Mexican beach, the cool water of the Pacific rising up to froth around our ankles, then rushing back out again in a rhythm as old as time.

Now I turn to face him, and my breath catches in my throat even as my pulse picks up tempo. I have looked at him so many times, and yet every glimpse is like the first. He is power and perfection, love and honor. He is the culmination of my dreams, the embodiment of my fantasies.

He is the future, I think.

Most of all, he is mine.

He is standing with his back to the ocean, the blue sky spread wide behind him as the waves churn around his feet. He wears swim trunks low on his hips and an open short-sleeved button-down. It catches the breeze, the white material emphasizing his athletic build and the sleek, tanned chest that my fingers itch to stroke.

Even dressed so casually, Damien looks like a mythical god rising from the sea, a being so powerful that even the elements cower at his command. And in a moment of giddy certainty I know that this man would have been as successful on a battlefield as he is in a boardroom.

Not for the first time, I think about the fragility of circumstance. What if we had been born a hundred years apart, or even twenty, or ten? What if he hadn't judged that beauty pageant so many years ago? What if I had caved to my mother and become a model instead of pursuing my dreams? And what if I'd slapped his face instead of accepting his offer of one million dollars in exchange for a nude portrait of me?

I would have survived, yes, but surviving isn't the same as living, and with Damien, I am vibrantly, brilliantly, happily alive.

I tell him my thoughts, wishing I had the words to truly describe the way my heart swells with both relief and gratitude when I think about how even the tiniest snip of the threads in the tapestry of time could have sent our lives spiraling down different paths.

"You're a miracle," I conclude, hoping that he understands despite the inadequacy of my words.

"No," he counters. "We're the miracle." His words make me shiver, because Damien Stark gets me in a way no one else ever has, or ever will. And that, I think, is the real miracle.

I watch as he glances at his wrist, then grimaces in wry amusement when he doesn't find a watch there. I laugh. "Out of your element, Mr. Stark?"

"Happily roughing it," he counters, then turns toward the horizon. "What time do you think it is?" he asks. "Almost eleven?"

The sun looks down upon us from above, and I tilt my head back, shielding my eyes with my hand as I gaze at its white-hot heat. This is the time of day when the sand glitters and light sparkles off the ocean's froth like liquid fire. Appropriate, I think. Because right now, I want nothing more than to burn in Damien's arms.

"That's probably about right," I say. "Why? Do you have some pressing engagement?"

He grins in response to the amusement in my voice. "As a matter of fact, yes."

I raise my brows in legitimate surprise. "Oh, really?" I'm certain he hasn't planned a lunch. After all, we had a romantic breakfast on the beach right after our wedding ceremony, and that was only a few hours ago. We'd indulged in everything from delicate crepes to plump berries to coffee with thick, heavy cream. No way was he hungry again already.

"All right," I say. "Out with it. What's up?"

He says nothing, but merely hooks his arm through mine. "We should be getting back."

I narrow my eyes, but fail at my effort to look stern. Because, of course, I know what he has planned. Or at least I know the gist of it. This is our wedding day, after all. And there are certain traditional ways of passing the time immediately after tying the knot. Frankly, I'm all for that plan. What I don't know are the specifics of what Damien has in mind.

I examine his face, noting in particular the determined gleam in his eyes. "You're not going to tell me, are you?"

His mouth twitches as he fights a smile. "Not even if you beg." He leans toward me, then brushes his lips over mine. "And I do like it when you beg," he adds, his voice full of wicked promises.

The kiss is soft and teasing, but my reaction is anything but gentle, and I have to fight the urge to press myself hard against him as a familiar heat pools between my thighs. "Damien," I say, and I hear something close to desperation in my voice. Passion is never far beneath the surface with the two of us, and just that simple kiss has sent fire rippling through and over me.

I reach out and grab his shirt front, then use it as a lever to pull him closer even as I move toward him. The air between us is charged, and I feel the surge of electricity rush through me as I press against his bare chest, now slick from the heat and humidity.

Beneath the thin material of my bikini top, my nipples tighten, and I make a small sound of longing. I changed out of my wedding dress before breakfast, and now I am wearing only this small top, tiny bikini bottoms, and a sheer pink sarong wrapped around my hips and knotted at the side. But even such minimal attire is too much. I want nothing but skin on skin, and I ease my hips forward, desperate to feel him against me.

He is hard, his erection straining against his baggy shorts. I shift my hold on him, cupping my hands on his ass and pulling him tighter, closer. He groans, the sound so full of desperate need that my entire body quivers, and I think that I might come simply from the force of his desire.

But no-I want more. I want to pull him down with me into the sand. This man who is my husband.

I want his hands upon me, his cock inside me. I want his lips, his touch. I want his heat.

I want everything he can give and more.

Best of all, I know that he wants it, too.

"Damien," I whisper, then release him as I fumble at the knot on my hip. The sarong is thin and gauzy, but it will suffice as a makeshift blanket.

His hand closes over mine, and I tremble with anticipation. I draw my hand away, then close my eyes, more than willing to let him undress me.

Except he doesn't.

I stand for a moment, confused and disoriented, then open my eyes to find him looking at me. I see the desire on his face, as vibrant and wild as my own need. And yet he makes no move to touch me again. On the contrary, he takes a single step back, his eyes never leaving mine.

He is denying us both, and that simple fact both pisses me off and turns me on.

I gather self-control around me like a cloak, then lift an eyebrow. "Playing games, Mr. Stark?"

"Absolutely," he says with a wicked grin. "And just in case you've forgotten, I don't play if I can't win."

"Really?" I say, enjoying myself. "And what's the prize?"

He steps closer, still not touching me, but so close that I can hear my own heartbeat echoing against the hard breadth of his chest. "You are."

My heart flutters in my chest. Even now-even married-he makes me feel as deliciously alive as I did the first time he touched me. "In that case," I whisper, the words thick with the weight of truth, "you've already won."

He reaches out and strokes my cheek so gently I'm not sure that I can truly distinguish his touch from the breeze. "Yes," he says. "I have."

He twines his fingers with mine, then starts to lead me across the sandy beach toward a boardwalk.

"At least tell me where we're going."

"Back," he says.

I start to say that I had already figured that much out. We are on a secluded beach, in a remote part of Mexico that I can't pronounce and couldn't ever find again. After deciding to skip the wedding drama and elope, we'd left LA in one of Damien's private jets. We'd left it at a fair-sized airport with Damien's regular pilot, Grayson, who I presume has taken it back to the States. Damien and I had been chauffeured across the airport in a Jeep, then boarded a small, single-engine prop plane with only two seats and a tiny cargo area. Damien himself had taken us the rest of the way.

Damien explained the switch in aircraft by telling me that the runway where we were going couldn't accommodate a jet. As it turns out, "runway" was a bit of an exaggeration. The landing strip was little more than a length of packed dirt. I'd been terrified that I would die before we arrived and could take our vows. Damien had been exhilarated.

And while I might have preferred a plane with more than one engine and some asphalt to land on, I wouldn't have traded the look on Damien's face for anything. Not the joy I saw as he maneuvered the craft, nor the pride and expectation when we deplaned, climbed into a waiting Jeep, and drove the short distance to the remote-and utterly spectacular-resort.

The property is small, with fewer than ten guests at any time. It caters exclusively to couples looking for a romantic retreat, and from what I've seen so far, the owners know their business well. For although our personal concierge told me that the resort is fully booked, neither Damien nor I have seen any sign of the other four couples. Instead, it is as if we are alone on this remote stretch of beach-or as alone as one can be with a staff that caters to your every whim.

I'd seen a map of the property upon arrival last night, and the overall area of the resort resembles a hand. It is set on a remote section of beachfront with five peninsulas that protrude like fingers. Each bungalow occupies its own peninsula, giving it both privacy and a stunning ocean view from three sides.

Though we'd arrived after dark, I'd been impressed from the first moment I saw the resort. But when I stepped into our bungalow and saw the three-sided ocean view revealed by walls and walls of glass, my breath caught in my throat. It was like standing on the deck of a boat with miles of pitch-black ocean stretching toward forever, broken only by the moonlight dancing on the curl of the waves.

Our bungalow is the farthest from the main building, which houses the staff offices, a spa, and a restaurant that rarely has patrons but does a huge business in room service. Even without the breathtaking view, the bungalow is stunning. It features a luxurious bedroom dominated by a huge bed covered in bright pillows of pink and turquoise. A remote control operates a set of blackout blinds that drop the room into complete darkness. Since I see no reason to block the view at night or during the day, I don't expect that Damien or I will make much use of that technology.

As for the rest of the place, there is a fully stocked, state-of-the-art kitchen, a living room that features an indoor-outdoor fireplace, and a covered patio with a huge two-person lounge chair from which to enjoy both the view and the ocean breeze.

"Do you own this?" I'd asked Damien after we'd arrived and I'd had time to catch my breath. He'd smiled, but then surprised me by shaking his head.

"I almost bought it years ago when it was stumbling," he said. "I ended up giving the owners a loan to help them get past a hump, do some upgrades, and rebrand the place as an exclusive-and very upscale-getaway destination."

"They succeeded in spades," I said.

"Yes, they did," he said. I heard the note of pride in his voice and looked at him curiously. "This property has been in the same family for over three generations. There's a history here, not to mention the kind of work ethic that would have found a way to make the property viable. I just pushed the process along. I didn't want to alter what the family had built, but I did want to make sure that what they'd established would continue to flourish."

I nodded, remembering what he'd once told me about a small gourmet wine and cheese company. He'd loved the product and had wanted to help the company, so much so that he had partnered with them, letting them run autonomously, but with the full weight and resources of Stark International behind them. It had been a mistake. Suddenly, the small local company that had been praised in the press was vilified, with critics claiming it was actually big business pretending to be small and family-owned. Damien had pulled his resources and sold Stark International's share back to the owners, but the damage was done, and it had taken many years for that company to recover.

Now, as we approach our bungalow, Damien draws me close. "There was another reason, too," he says.

I frown, trying to follow his train of thought. "For not buying the resort, you mean?"

He nods. "I wanted a place to come when I needed to be completely alone. No work. No obligations. A respite."

"Like now," I tease.

"Like now."

I pause on the path, then hook my arms around his neck and rise up onto my tiptoes. "In case it escaped your attention, you're not alone."

"But I am," he says.

I open my mouth to say something light in response, but then stop. I can see by his face that he is serious.

"A man is never more himself than when he is alone," Damien says, in answer to my unspoken question. "That is when the mask comes off. Shut the door, and the persona drops away. Alone, you reveal your soul. You and I know that better than most people."

I nod, but say nothing.

He brushes his lips over mine in a kiss so soft it makes me want to cry from the sweetness of it. "You, Nikki, are the only person I can be with and still be alone. You see me-the core of me. And not only do you see me, but you love me."

"Yes," I say, and only when I taste my tears do I realize that I am crying, after all. Throughout my entire life I have played a part. Social Nikki. Beauty Queen Nikki. Dutiful Daughter Nikki. But with Damien, I am only Nikki.

"I am alone with you," he says. "And at the same time, neither of us will ever be alone again."

I blink away the tears. "It's perfect," I say. "You could have searched forever and still not found a better place for us. It-it fills me up." The words are inadequate, but when he squeezes my hand and says, "I know," I think that perhaps he understands.

When we arrive at the bungalow, my thoughts are still on Damien's words and this place. I meant what I said about the location being perfect. Ever since his murder trial, things have been just a little crazy. And he's right, this is a well-deserved respite for both of us. Time to be alone together. A chance to stop the movement of the earth for just a little bit. I grin at the thought.

"What's that for?" he asks, brushing the corner of my mouth with his fingertip.

I lift a shoulder casually as he opens the bungalow door for me. "I was just thinking about how easily you control the universe. Stopping the earth's rotation is no mean feat."

He chuckles. "Is that what I do?"

"Mmm-hmm." I take his hands and pull him inside. "But right now, I don't want the earth to stop. Just the opposite. Make the earth move for me, Damien," I say, pressing my body against his. I draw in a deep, self-satisfied breath as he shifts against me, his erection hard against my abdomen. "I want you to make me fall apart," I whisper. "Please, Damien. I want you to make me scream."

"As you wish," he says, in the kind of low voice that makes me tingle in anticipation. "After all, Mrs. Stark, this is your wedding day."

Chapter 2

As it turns out, I don't scream. Instead, I squeal as he scoops me up and holds me tight against his chest, my arms hooked equally tight around his neck. I laugh and kick as he carries me toward the bedroom.

"I'm not going to make you scream, Mrs. Stark," he whispers with mischief in his voice. "I'm going to make you beg."

"Because you like it when I beg." My voice is breathy as I repeat what he said to me on the beach.

His mouth curves into a grin, but he doesn't answer in words. Instead, I see the truth in his eyes. Oh yes, I think. This is going to be fun.

I expect him to deposit me on the bed, and I'm prepared to cling to his shirt and pull him down on top of me if he even thinks about stepping away, even if only to undress. Instead, he surprises me, moving through the bedroom to a sliding wooden door. He shifts his grip on me just long enough to open it, revealing the most spectacular bathroom I've ever seen.

I'd seen enough of it last night to know that it is amazing, but it had been dark when we arrived, and I'd been more interested in the man I was eloping with than in architecture and plumbing, no matter how incredible.

This morning, I'd had no occasion to come through these doors. Damien had roused me before sunrise and handed me over to two local women who had hurried me into the living area, which had been converted into a makeshift dressing room. They'd washed my hair in a portable beauty shop-style chair, then did my makeup in the smaller, but still luxurious, bathroom off the kitchen.

I was primped and polished, then decked out in my wedding dress and hustled to the beach for a sunrise ceremony so quickly and efficiently that my memory of this morning before the vows began is a blur.

Then, as now, I'd wanted only Damien.

Now, however, my desire for the man is both underscored and enhanced by the scene in front of me. "Damien." The word comes out as an awed whisper. The room is romantic. Magical.

As perfect as the man himself.

I tilt my head up to find him smiling down at me, and in that moment my heart is so full that I have to cling to him more tightly for fear that it will burst.

This is like no room I've ever seen before, and I am a bit in awe. Last night, in the dark, I hadn't really thought about the floor, and if I had I would have assumed it was solid. Instead, it is slate leading up to a rectangular wading pool that fills most of the bathroom, but extends beneath a sliding glass wall to dominate the back patio as well. Beyond its infinity-style end is the ocean, and from the perspective of someone standing inside the house, the rocky shore that slopes down from the bungalow is completely invisible.

In some ways, this space reminds me of Damien's house in Malibu. Our house, I think, mentally correcting myself. It's similar in appointment and elegance, and yet it's different, too. Exotic. It is the perfect place for a honeymoon, and I whisper as much to Damien even as I continue to gaze around in delighted awe.

A small stone bridge stretches across the pool to the giant, modern tub that sits in the middle like an island.

But it is not these architectural enhancements that have stolen my breath and teased my heart. Instead, it is what Damien has made of the room. Because it is awash in rose petals. They cover the floor and they peek out from the bubbles that fill the tub. Incredibly, they also float on the water of the infinity pool. Beside the tub, a tripod champagne bucket rises from the water. A bamboo tray rests across the tub. On it sit two champagne flutes.

The tub has no shower, but I can see that there is one outside. Right now, the room is open, with the glass wall pushed aside so that the breeze flutters in, cooling my heated skin.

Unlike the room, which is more stone flooring than pool, the patio is mostly pool with only a few stone islands. One supports a chaise lounge that is little more than an outdoor bed, and which has, for that reason, drawn my attention. The other stone island is near a freestanding wooden wall from which a showerhead protrudes, as well as some hooks on which hang loofahs, bottles of shampoo, and other spa-style bath items.

Because the patio is completely open, there is no privacy here other than that offered by the stretch of empty beach and the wide open sea. It is wild. It is free. It is civilization stripped bare, and everything about this room-from its appearance to its rose-petal scent to its promise of decadent pleasures-has captured me utterly.

As Damien said, we are completely alone, and the knowledge that he can take me here with the ocean breeze kissing my skin and the wide open sky witnessing our pleasure makes me so weak with longing that I am even more grateful that Damien is holding me, as I doubt I could stand otherwise.

He crosses the stone bridge, then puts me down gently near the edge. I start to move, but he shakes his head, then slowly reaches behind me to untie the two knots that hold my bikini top in place. It falls into the water, and though I raise a brow in surprise, Damien simply continues.

His fingers skim lightly over my breast, making me draw in air, then shiver as his caress continues down my side and over my waist, making my skin prickle with need and anticipation.

He unties the sarong and lets it fall, as well. It floats on the surface of the water, and I watch as it flows outside, the sunlight catching it and making the fibers sparkle.

"The rest," Damien says, and I lick my lips as I comply, easing the bottoms down over my hips to pool around my ankles. I step out of the tangled fabric, then stand naked in front of my husband.

He smiles, soft and easy and full of promise, then pulls me to him. With practiced ease, he lifts me up and then gently places me into the tub. The temperature is perfect, and I sigh in ecstasy, letting the slightly oiled water sluice over my skin. I scoot back to lean against the smooth side of the tub and make room for Damien to join me.

Except, of course, he doesn't.

"Damien," I protest.

"Hush. Let me take care of you." He takes the champagne and opens it, very deliberately letting the cork fly out of the room, and sending foaming bubbles splashing down upon me.

I laugh. "Isn't that the uncouth way to open champagne?"

"Perhaps," he says. "But it's much more fun." He fills the two flutes, then hands one to me before picking up the second. His eyes skim over me, but the humor I'd seen only moments before is gone, replaced by something both soft and deep.

"Damien?"

His eyes meet mine, then, and I see the heat-and the love. He raises a glass in a toast. "You are my heart," he says, his gaze never leaving mine. "You are my blood. You are the air that I breathe and the strength inside me. You are not just my wife, Nikki, you are my soul. You are my world. You are my life."

I draw a shaky breath, nodding foolishly as if that will keep the tears at bay. "And you are mine," I say, then extend my flute to clink with his. "I love you," I add, wishing that I had his eloquence, but knowing that he understands what is in my heart even if I can't quite find the words.

"I know," he says as he moves to kiss the top of my head.

"Will you join me now?" I ask. I want his touch. I want him wrapped around me, lost with me in this warm and wet embrace.

Instead of answering, he sets down his champagne flute and picks up a glass container and pours some scented oil onto his hands. Then he moves behind me as I make a low noise of protest. But not as adamantly as I could have-while I do want him in the tub with me, I certainly can't deny the appeal of being bathed by Damien.

"Lean back," he says. "Close your eyes."

I comply, then sigh in utter delight as he gently rubs my shoulders. His fingers are strong and hot, and I lose myself in the pleasure of his touch and the rich scent of vanilla. He is tending me, seducing me, and right then I am more than willing to be seduced.

"Are you familiar with how honeymoons got started?" he asks, lifting my arm out of the tub and focusing on my hand.

I shake my head, too aroused by both the gentle pressure he is now exerting along each finger and by the not-so-gentle direction of my thoughts to form words.

"Years ago-back in tribal times-a man would take the woman he claimed for his wife to a secluded spot, where he would very thoroughly seduce her."

As he speaks, he draws his oil-slick hands up my arms, then eases them down over my collarbone until his palms cup my breasts. I draw in a stuttering breath as my nipples tighten, wanting more.

Thankfully, Damien doesn't disappoint. He moves his hands in small circular motions so that his palms brush lightly over my erect nipples, sending sparks of pleasure shooting through me. I shimmy a bit in the tub, trying to quell the need that started out as a soft hum between my legs but is now a throbbing demand.

"She probably wanted to run," Damien says, and I can't help the small sound of demur. Certainly I have no desire to run.

My eyes are closed, but I can still hear the chuckle in Damien's voice as he continues. "But he wants her, and in his determination, he keeps her for a month. One full cycle of the moon."

"Honeymoon," I murmur.

"It's a long time to be a captive," he says. "Most likely she wanted to hate him." He slides one slick hand from my breast down into the water. He continues south, teasing my abdomen until his fingers brush the line of trimmed hair at my pubic bone. "But he was determined to ensure that she would stay. And so he set out to satisfy her."

His hand slips between my thighs to stroke me lightly. "She was probably scared," he comments as I gasp, arching up toward his touch as the first electrical sensations of an orgasm dance through me in a glorious hint of more pleasure to come. "But he did his best to soothe her."

"Yes," I say, feeling deliciously soothed. My head is tilted back, my eyes still closed. My breathing is shallow now, my body primed.

The pad of Damien's finger traces small circles on my sex, teasing my clit in a way that makes me whimper, but which doesn't bring the satisfaction I now crave.

Frustrated, I shift my hips, seeking gratification as I silently beg for more. I am wild with need, shameless with desire.

"All of his focus was on erasing her fears. On making her warm and weak and wanting."

I want. Oh, dear god, I want.

He eases a finger inside me, and I release a moan of both demand and pleasure as I arch up, then fall back into the tub. Water sloshes over the sides, undoubtedly soaking Damien, but I don't care. All I want is this moment. All I want is for him to take me there.

"His every thought was on her," he says, thrusting another finger inside me even as his thumb teases my clit in the most subtle of motions. "His only goal was this woman."

"Yes," I whisper. I slide one hand down between my legs and press my palm over his hand, silently urging him to go deeper. Harder.

He does, thrusting those two fingers roughly inside me as the tip of another finger dances along my perineum. I gasp, writhing with pleasure, my body poised to explode. I'm close, so very close, and I slide my hand up to grasp my own nipple, tugging hard in an attempt to force myself over the edge even as Damien teases and torments me.

But this is Damien's show, and as he uses his free hand to cup my breast and still my fingers, I open my eyes to see my own wildness reflected back at me in Damien's expression.

"Please," I say, but he simply shakes his head, his mouth curving into the kind of arrogant smile that I know only too well. The kind of smile that promises abundant pleasure and unimaginable delights-but all on Damien's terms. And Damien is a man who knows how to prolong a seduction.

"He would take her to the edge," Damien says slowly. "Making her crave him. Making her want him. Pushing her to the very height of sensual pleasure, promising her the explosion. Taking her so far that she would surrender to him, give herself over to the promise of pure pleasure in the arms of this man."

"Yes," I say. "Oh, yes."

He withdraws his fingers from my sex, and my muscles tighten in protest, my body wanting to draw him back in. He cups his hand there, the pressure making it hard for a cogent thought to form in my head.

"And only when he is sure does he claim her fully, take her completely." He draws his hand away, and I have to bite my lip to stifle a moan of protest.

He reaches into the tub and scoops me up, one arm beneath my knees, the other around my back. I hook my arms around his neck and snuggle against him, wanting to be as close to this man as humanly possible.

"He plies her with softness and seduction," Damien says, and I murmur a protest against his throat. "What?" he asks.

I tilt my head back and look at him through heavy lids. "I'm not complaining," I say, "but I'm not so sure that men in history saw it entirely your way."

His lips twitch. "No?"

"I think they just took what they wanted, and the woman be damned." I lift an eyebrow, teasing, and he dips his head to kiss my forehead.

"Perhaps," he says. "Or perhaps I'm not finished telling you my story. It's one thing for him to make her crave him. It's another thing entirely for him to finally claim her. For her to truly understand that she is his."

"Oh," I say, as a sensual tremor cuts through me.

"The height of pleasure," he says slowly, the words so heavy with meaning they make me weak. And, yes, they make me wetter. "The precipice of passion. He would take her there, again and again, until she was desperate with longing, all resistance lost, all hesitation erased. She would know only him. Want only him. And she would beg for the relief and explosion that only he could bring her."

We're on the patio now, and he carries me to the shower, then puts me down. He turns on the tap, and pleasantly warm water begins to fall from the rain-style showerhead. I tilt my head up, enjoying the way it washes over me, then look down to watch as the last remnants of the bubbles that clung to me from the tub are washed away down the drain.

Beside me, Damien is still in his shorts and open white shirt. He's soaked, and the thin material now clings to him in the kind of magazine-cover-model way that makes me want to simply stare at him and bask in the knowledge that he is mine.

"Here," he says, turning me to face the wooden wall from which the showerhead protrudes. He takes my wrist and raises my arm above my head. It is only then that I notice that the hook that I saw holding shampoo is actually a slipknot. He takes the bottle of shampoo out, then slips the rough rope around my wrist before pulling it tight, effectively trapping me in place.

"Damien," I say, and I can hear both trepidation and excitement in my voice.

He hears it, too, and I see the hint of a smile as he takes my other hand and repeats the process so that I am standing there naked and bound, facing the freestanding wooden wall.

He steps back, watching me from just to my left, far enough back so that I have to turn my head to see him.

"He claims her," he says slowly. "Claims her and possesses her. Takes her and commands her. Teases and taunts until she understands that he is her life now, just as she is his."

I swallow, hearing both reality and history in his words. "And if she already knows it?"

Our eyes lock and the air between us seems to shimmer. I can feel it touching me, the tickle of electric fingers dancing over my body. I am alive with this man. My husband.

I am alive, and I am his.

And we both already know it.

For a moment, I think that he will say something else. His eyes narrow in what I can only assume is amusement. Then-without saying another word-he turns and walks away from me, carefully stepping on the stone path that leads the way across the infinity pool.

I watch him go, determined not to call after him. I don't know what game he is playing, but I am certain that there is a game. I'm also certain that while Damien might deny me simply for the pleasure of making me beg, he won't deny me for long. Not today. Not when he wants me just as badly as I want him.

Still, just in case, I give a firm tug to my bonds, managing only to tighten the slipknots. Well, damn.

And then, as if to prove my hypothesis, Damien returns. He's changed clothes, and now he's wearing khaki shorts and nothing else. He seems to glow in the sunlight, and I think to myself that he is sun kissed. At the moment, all that thought does is make me jealous of the sun.

He crosses purposefully to me, and even on this beachfront patio and dressed so casually, there is no question but that he is a man to be obeyed. More than that, I know that I will willingly do so.

He's carrying one of the champagne flutes, and now he comes to stand just to the side of the wooden wall so that I can look at him more easily.

"You're beautiful," he says, with such reverence in his voice that it makes me go weak.

"Is this how you like me?" I ask, lifting my chin. "Naked and bound and wet for you?"

One eyebrow arches slightly as he takes a step toward me. "Are you?"

Yes, yes, oh, dear god, yes. I don't say that, though. Instead I just smile. "Come and find out."

"Tempting," he says, moving even closer, and with each step my anticipation rises and my body fires just a little bit more.

"Please," I say, when he is close enough to touch me, but maddeningly doesn't do so.

"Please what?"

"Touch me," I say. "Fuck me."

"Feeling desperate, Mrs. Stark? Dear god, I like the sound of that."

"Desperate?" I quip.

"Mrs. Stark," he says firmly, and takes a sip of the champagne. "I'm not sure there are any two words in the world that give me greater pleasure." He lifts the glass to me. "A sip for the bride?"

I nod and ease forward. He puts the glass to my lips and tilts it for me to drink. I swallow some, but most of it dribbles down my chin and onto my breasts.

I shiver slightly from the unexpected splash of cool liquid, then shiver even more when Damien moves closer, pressing one hand to my lower back to hold me in place as he licks the champagne from my cleavage.

I do not recognize the sound I make. It is wild. Feral. It is a demand, a plea, and if I were not bound to this wall I would fall to my knees and beg him to take me hard, to take me fast.

With his free hand, he cups my breast as his tongue laves my areola before his mouth closes over my nipple. He suckles me, sending electricity shooting down to my clit, making my already throbbing sex go almost painful with need.

I struggle to move my hands because I want to touch him. To stroke his back and bury my fingers in his hair, but I am bound, and I can only feel and want and need.

Damien.

I don't realize that I've said his name aloud until he looks up at me, his lips still pressed against my breast, his face full of wide-open desire.

"Pleasure," he says, then bites down on my nipple. "And pain."

I cry out as his teeth dig into my sensitive flesh, but at the same time, my breast tingles with arousal, and my body hums as if every erogenous zone is interconnected. A web of sensuality crisscrossing my body, from my clit to my breasts, to my mouth, to my fingers. Over and through me as pleasure and pain combine to bring me closer and closer to something that has the power to both destroy me and make me whole.

"Tell me what you want." He straightens, his body pressed hard against mine so that I can feel his erection through his shorts. "Tell me what you need."

"You," I say. "Hard. Please."

Our eyes meet, and he cups his hand behind my neck then tugs me forward into a kiss so violent that our teeth clash and I swear I taste blood.

"You are my wife, Nikki. My heart, my life."

"Say it again," I beg.

"Wife," he says, understanding perfectly what I need to hear. He moves behind me, his palms stroking my shoulders, my back, my ass. "Mine," he adds as he presses against me from behind and slides his hand around to stroke my sex. I am drenched, desperately turned on, and a wild tremor shakes my body.

We're one, he and I. And right now I need him inside me, as if in proof of that simple truism. "Please, Damien. I need you."

"Not yet," he says, and I hear the rustle of cloth as he takes off his shorts. He moves back in front of me now, and as he goes to unbind one of my hands, I take the opportunity to drink in the perfection that is Damien Stark. He's impressive dressed; naked and erect, he's perfection. And I am selfishly, greedily, gloriously happy that he is mine.

"You're smiling," he says.

"I have reason to."

"We both do."

One of my hands is still bound, but he turns me so that my back is to the wall. He kisses me gently, his tongue exploring my mouth even as his hands graze my body, as if he is just discovering me for the first time.

With my free hand, I clutch the back of his head, keeping him close to me, not wanting this kiss to end, but also not wanting it sweet. I want it hard. I want to be fucked.

I want to be claimed like a bride of the honeymoons of old.

"Claim me," I say. "Please, Damien, take me now. I need you to. I need to surrender."

It is as if my words are an invocation; he deepens the kiss, taking as much as I can give, demanding everything I have.

Roughly, he presses me back so that I am against the wall, then takes my leg and lifts it so that my thigh rests on his hip and I am open to him. He fingers me, and I arch back from the glorious sensation of being explored. "I love how wet you are," he murmurs, and before I can respond, he closes his hands around my waist and lifts me up and thrusts his cock deep inside me. I cry out, taking all of him and wanting more.

He slams us backward, pressing me hard against the wall as he pounds deeper and deeper into me. I clutch his shoulders and cling tight, my body open to him, my need for him just as savage as his for me.

This isn't about romance and wine and roses and moonlight. This is wild. This is primitive.

This is wonderful.

He is claiming me. Marking me.

He is giving me what I need-everything I need-and I willingly surrender to both him and to the waves of pleasure that rise up, higher and higher as we continue to move together, the storm building inside both of us.

"Say it," I demand as my body reaches the crest. "Oh, god, please, I need to hear you say it."

Our bodies slam together again in one final, brilliant thrust even as the word I crave crashes over me, pushing me over the precipice and sending me hurtling toward the stars in an explosion of light and color.

"Wife," he cries even as his own release takes him. "You are my wife, my life, my love."

And Damien ... Damien is my husband.

Chapter 3

The sea is calm and I am floating, my head tilted back and my eyes open to the sky. Clouds move lazily above me, drifting upon the air as I drift upon the sea. I cannot see Damien, but I can feel him, and I know that he is near and that I am not alone.

It is him as much as the water that buoys me, and I breathe deep, then close my eyes, warm and safe and alive.

I do not know how long I drift, I only know that when I open my eyes, it is dark and the stars wink down at me, not soft and gentle, but with a devious malice, as if they hold a secret that I am not allowed to share.

I tremble, suddenly aware that I can no longer see or feel him, and a bubble of panic rises in me. I tense, my breathing becomes shallow. I struggle to stay afloat, but it is no use. As if the water has claws, it pulls me under, and I start to sink, coughing and sputtering as my head dips below the surface and I struggle to rise.

I am wild with panic, flailing and fighting, and it is only when my bare feet touch sand that I realize that the water is shallow. Relief washes over me like the tide; I am not drowning. I am only floundering, and once I find Damien, I know that I will be steady again.

I regain my balance and press my palms to the ocean's surface, feeling it pulse beneath my skin with the motion of the waves and the pull of the tide. A current tugs at my ankles, silently urging me to let go. To melt into the water and submit to the power of the ocean.

Damien, I think, certain that I have found him. He is the ocean. He is power and motion and grace and beauty, and the reason I cannot find him is because he is already there. Surrounding me, stroking me, urging me to come to him.

I relax and give in to his sensual lure, letting the water tug me down, down, down, until my entire body is below the crystalline surface. I open my eyes and realize that I can see all the way to eternity. The world here beneath the waves is vibrant and alive, an explosion of colors despite the darkness of night above. I watch in awe as an orange and red coral reef rises above me. Fish dart to and fro, as if late for important engagements.

I have forgotten to breathe, and I panic, then realize that breath is not required at all. This is where I belong. Here, in the nether land. Here, where Damien surrounds me.

Except ...

Except it is not Damien I feel around me. Not his comfort, nor his warmth. On the contrary, I feel cold. Lost.

Most of all, I feel afraid.

A little frantic, I search the ocean. I want to cry out, but the water presses against me, and I cannot. My heart pounds a fearful rhythm in my chest, and the vibrations radiate out, causing the sea to churn.

I reach to steady myself, but there is nothing to hold. I grapple, searching for purchase and finding none. I try to cry out, to beg for Damien to hold me, but no sound comes out.

And then I see him, and my heart twists.

He is standing near me, his torso rising above the water while his feet are planted in the sand. I watch from my odd perspective beneath the water as the waves buffet him. He reaches out a hand. At first I think it is to steady himself, and then I realize that he is reaching for me. I slog forward, my own hand extended. I can almost touch him. Just a little bit closer ...

My fingers brush his, and I almost weep with relief-and then he is pulled away, the current taking him, and I cry out in horror as I try to swim toward him, only to find the way blocked. The reef, the wildlife, the tide. Everything in this new universe is conspiring to keep us apart, and when they finally move away and my vision clears, he is gone. There is nothing but ocean as far as the eye can see.

No! No, I can't have lost him!

I open my mouth to scream, then choke as the ocean moves in to drown me. I struggle, rising, and suck in air, my ribs aching from the pounding strain of my lungs. I am still coughing out water when I see him floating facedown in front of me.

I do not hear the scream that is ripped from my throat, but I know that I am slogging through the water, trying desperately to reach his side. I do not know how, but my arms end up around him, and then we are on the beach and I am over him, my mouth on his as I give him air-sweet, sweet air-and beg him to please, please, please come back to me.

But he doesn't. He just lays there, cold and wet, staring up at me with eyes that should twinkle like the stars but now are as flat as stone.

"No!" The word is ripped out of me, and I pounce on him again, unwilling to give up. Not able to even conceive that he could be gone.

I press my lips against his again, determined to give him life. To give him mine, if it comes to that. To do anything and everything to bring him back to me, because there is no way-no way in hell-that I can go on without him.

But there is nothing.

Despite my fighting, my pleading, my crying-there is simply nothing.

But I do not stop. I press on. I push. I plead. I threaten. And, goddammit, I will him to come back, and I do not stop. I cannot stop, because if I stop, then there is nothing left of the world, and I will float off into space, a shell of myself. Lost. And truly and completely alone.

"Don't you dare," I say, the words ripped from my throat as I thrust the heels of my hands down over his heart. "Don't you dare leave me."

A tear trickles down my nose, but I do not stop to wipe it away. It falls, landing on Damien's lips. I blink, and another tear follows the first.

His lashes flutter. Color returns to his cheeks.

And then his lips move in a word so broken and soft that I almost do not recognize it-"Nikki."

He is alive. He is back.

He is mine.

Chapter 4

I sit bolt upright, my skin covered in a thin sheen of sweat, my breath coming hard and fast. We are on the oversized patio chaise lounge, and Damien's arm is around me. He pulls me back down to him, his voice so soft and gentle that I understand only the sentiment and not the words. It's okay. I'm here. You're safe.

I close my eyes, letting his strength fill me. And when I have taken all I need, I turn to him. "I'm okay now," I say. "You can let go."

He brushes my lips with a kiss. "Never."

I burrow closer, then smile against his shoulder. That one simple word is as comforting as a down blanket in winter, and I am content the rough edges of the dream finally smoothed away by this man who loves me.

"Do you want to tell me about it?"

"No," I say, then find the words coming anyway. How he was pulled away from me. How everything in the sea seemed to conspire to keep us apart. How I found him dead in water that had been comforting only moments before, but then turned suddenly menacing.

"I couldn't bring you back," I say, feeling the tears well again.

"But you did," he says. He pulls me close and captures my mouth with his. The kiss starts out sweet, then turns hot and hard, demanding and possessive. "You did," he repeats once he has released me. "And you will never have cause to bring me back again, because I will never leave you. I was foolish enough to do that before, and it just about killed us both."

I nod, then take another deep breath, steadying myself. Because I know the truth in what he is saying. Damien wouldn't leave me any more than I would leave him. And yet fear still clutches me, its sharp talons digging in and taking hold.

Now that I have shaken off sleep, I think I understand the nature of my fears. Despite being married-despite being taken, claimed, possessed by this man that I love so dearly-I am desperately, horribly afraid of losing him, no matter how determined we are to stay together.

I finger my wedding ring. I thought that I would have no fears once he slipped it on my finger. But even matrimony cannot erase reality, and I know that there are still things out there. Things like Damien's murder trial. Yes, the case was dismissed. But what if it hadn't been? He would have been ripped from me, forced to spend his life behind bars. And there is neither a vow nor a ring that can protect us from that.

The trial, thank god, is in the past. But there are still horrors lurking in the world. Things that could tear him from me. Things that could crash into our lives, trying to force us apart. His father, for one, who surely isn't done trying to get a piece of Damien. Or Sofia. I can't blame her, his childhood friend, for loving Damien, but I can damn well blame her for trying to rip us apart. She's locked away now, her past and the world having taken their own toll, and while Damien receives regular reports from the doctors that say she is improving, I don't think she will ever be well enough to hold tight to sanity in a world where Damien and I are together.

And yet at the same time, I know that Damien still loves her like a sister, even though what she did came close to destroying both of us. He declined her request to come to our wedding, and although he had sounded casual when he told me, I know that the necessity of keeping her away hurt him. I can only imagine how much it had angered her, and I stifle a shiver, more glad than I like to admit that she is far away, bound to her treatment by court order.

As if that weren't enough, there is also my mother, the paparazzi, ex-bosses, ex-lovers, the press, competitors, and god only knows who else. It's a big world, and when you cast as long a shadow as Damien, you make a lot of enemies. And Damien's enemies are mine now, too.

I was wrong in the dream, I realize. The ocean wasn't Damien. The ocean was the world. And the world is brutal.

When Damien's hand closes over mine, I realize that I have been unconsciously stroking one of the long scars on my thigh. I wince, both embarrassed and disturbed. I do not cut anymore-with Damien, I don't need to. Not even when my thoughts turn dark and fear seeps into me.

Yet here I am, groping for that pain, barely even conscious of the need to find my center, and that simple fact scares me. Because I do not understand the insecurity that has led me to touch that most horrible of souvenirs.

I wait for Damien to comment on it, but he doesn't. Instead, he gently traces my wedding ring. After a moment, he says only, "I was wrong back in Malibu."

I frown. "What are you talking about?"

"I told you we didn't need the ceremony. That it was just a formality because you and I were already one. I was wrong."

I cock my head. "We're not one?"

He chuckles. "About that, I was right on the money. But I was wrong about not needing the ceremony."

"You were? How?"

"How many times have we faced the world together and survived?" he asks, and I know right now that he understands my fears. "How many times has that world tried to tear us apart? Your mother, Sofia, the past?"

I don't answer, but it doesn't matter; he is not expecting me to.

"Our wedding is our bond. Our promise and our proof. It's a symbol to the world around us that we'll fight and that we'll win. Most of all, that we are one."

He spreads his fingers, his eyes locked on his own ring. "A simple silver band," he says. "But it's made of titanium, and that's about as strong as it gets." He meets my eyes, and I am awed by the ferocity reflected back at me. "There's nothing to be afraid of, sweetheart. Not anymore."

I look down at my own ring, a platinum band accompanying a stunning diamond solitaire. "Maybe I should trade this in for titanium."

"Not necessary," he says, as he takes my hand, holding it so that our two rings touch. "I will always give you the strength you need."

"I know." I wish there was a way to fill the sound of my voice with everything that is inside me. I clutch tight to his hand and pull him toward me as I stretch out on the chaise. "I want you now," I say. "I want to feel my husband inside me."

His grin is slightly wicked and slightly amused. "Convenient," he says. "Because at the moment I'm overcome by the urge to ravish my wife."

I manage a fake yawn and pat my hand over my mouth. "So unoriginal. After all, you did that just a few hours ago."

"And you have a better idea?"

"As a matter of fact, yes." I shift on the chaise so that I am straddling him. "I was thinking that I should ravish my husband."

"Were you?" He is on his back, and I am sitting just above his pubic bone. I feel his cock twitch, teasing my ass. I rise up, then scoot backward just a bit. He is fully erect now, and I hold his cock with one hand while I wiggle my hips to position myself. I keep my eyes on Damien as I do and watch the storm building. He knows what I'm up to-how could he not?-but that doesn't stop his groan of surprise and pleasure when I quickly lower my body, impaling myself on his steel-hard cock.

"Yes," I say in answer to his question. "I was."

My voice is breathy, and I rock a bit as I speak, using my knees to rise up and down. I ride him hard and fast, my back arched, my breath coming in ragged bursts. I do not close my eyes, and in unspoken agreement, neither does he.

Damien Stark is as necessary to me as my blood. He is what makes me whole, what makes me alive. And as I move on him-as I feel him hard inside me, so vibrant and vital-I watch the passion burn like fire in his eyes and know with unerring certainty that it is the same for him.

"Now." Without warning, he grasps me by the hips. I cry out as both pain and pleasure rock through me when he slams me harder against him, thrusting his cock even deeper so that I feel the shock of him through every cell, filling me until I'm right on the precipice.

"Come with me now," he says, and the passion and need in his voice push me that rest of the way over. My sex clenches tight around him, and I cry out from the force of the explosion that rips through my body even as Damien's hips thrust up and he empties himself into me.

I fall forward, my heart pounding and my body trembling as the final shocks of both my own orgasm and his rumble through me. "Damien," I murmur.

"I know," he replies.

Later, we spoon together, drifting in that place that is neither sleep nor wakefulness. He is behind me, his body tucked against mine, making me feel safe and warm. So much so that I make a soft noise of protest when he pushes himself up on an elbow.

He chuckles in response to my protest, and I am about to voice my objections even more loudly when he begins to trail his finger lightly over my side, along the curve of my waist and hip. I sigh and snuggle backward, ensuring maximum contact. Right then, I feel so light, warm, and sated, so satisfied I think I could simply melt into the mattress. "Please tell me that I never have to move again."

"I could tell you that." I hear the hint of a tease in his voice. "I could probably even make it happen, though it would be an expensive proposition. Another couple has rented this bungalow, and I believe they're scheduled to arrive in just under five hours."

I roll over in his arms. "Another-"

"And if you never move again we'd undoubtedly miss our plane. Not to mention the honeymoon I've planned."

I sit up, enjoying the way the cool air caresses my heated skin.

"Well," Damien says. "I do like this view." He traces his finger lightly over my breast, and my already erect nipple becomes even tighter.

"Honeymoon?" I repeat. "I thought this-" But I cut myself off. Of course this isn't our actual honeymoon destination. While I had been planning our wedding, Damien had been planning the honeymoon. But our decision to elope had been last-minute, and Damien had taken care of that, too. Only now do I realize that I had been assuming the two destinations were one and the same. Clearly, that assumption sat somewhere to the left of reality.

"Okay," I say after making all the necessary mental readjustments. "Where are we going?"

"Where? Were you not listening earlier? Honeymoon tradition. Remote location. Intense seduction." He draws a lazy pattern on my bare breasts, leaving a trail of heat and renewed desire.

"I'm all for intense seduction," I admit. "But if you're expecting to get me out of bed, you're going at it all wrong."

"You may have a point." There's laughter in his voice, and he's sporting a smug grin as he eases off the chaise lounge. "I can't tell you, but maybe a hint."

I watch as he moves back inside, then returns moments later with a small jewelry box. He hands it to me, and I open it slowly, wanting to savor the surprise. Inside is a delicate bracelet with a single silver charm.

The Eiffel Tower.

I gasp, then throw my arms around Damien's neck. "We're really going to Paris?"

"We really are," he says.

I laugh, delighted. "Merci," I say, drawing on my rusty high school French. And though he knows it already, I add, "Je t'aime. Beaucoup."

"I love you, too," he says. "So very much."

Chapter 5

The buttery leather of the Bombardier's passenger seat envelops me, and I breathe deep, frustrated by how antsy I am despite feeling at home in Damien's private jet. Correction, one of Damien's private jets. As best I can tell, he has a fleet of them.

Correction again-our private jet, as Damien keeps reminding me. I never aspired to own a jet-and I have a sneaking suspicion that Damien's accountants and lawyers and other Big Important Advisor Types would say that I still don't-but I can't deny the coolness factor. After all, not so long ago I was driving a battered Honda with an equally battered transmission. I think a private jet definitely constitutes a step up in the world.

Damien had flown us out of the resort in the prop plane, and we'd met up with Grayson, who was now in the cockpit, along with Damien and the co-pilot. Damien has co-piloted the jet before, but that is not on the agenda today. Instead, he's only gone up front to attend to something, and I am anxious for him to return.

I press my hand onto the leather of the seat beside me and am comforted by its warmth. With Damien beside me, I was fine. But now the dream has moved back in, small wisps of fear that Damien's simple presence had battled back, but which can run free and wreak havoc when he is away from me. Intellectually, I know that he is only discussing the flight plan with Grayson and generally making sure that all of our travel arrangements are in place and confirmed. But even knowing that, I can't help but think that my dream was a portent, and that no matter how desperately we might want our honeymoon to be a romantic bubble, the world is going to put up a fight.

I grimace and tighten my grip on the stack of magazines in my lap. Yeah? Well, bring it on. Because together, Damien and I can face anything.

"Is there anything you need, Mrs. Stark?"

I jump, startled, and look up to find Katie, the fleet's senior flight attendant, smiling at me. I glance down at my hands, and see that my knuckles are white against the dark cover of this month's Wired magazine. I try to relax. "I'm fine. Just tired."

"Of course," she says, and though her face remains perfectly polite, I can't help but think I hear a hint of amusement in her voice, and my cheeks heat in response. I'm a newlywed, after all. "The stateroom is made up for you now."

"Oh," I say stupidly. I've flown on this jet a number of times now, so I'm perfectly familiar with the stateroom, and often spend the trip back there once we've reached altitude. What I'm wondering is why I'm going there without Damien.

My question must be all over my face, because now Katie does smile. "Mr. Stark said that he'd join you there momentarily."

"Right," I say, feeling a little foolish. I tuck my stack of magazines under my arm, then ease out of the plush seat and head toward the back of the plane. I think of Katie's promise that Damien will be coming soon, and my body warms with pleasant anticipation. The flight to Paris will take approximately ten hours. Considering how hard and fast we've been going since we left Los Angeles, I know that we should get some sleep if we don't want to pass out from jet lag and exhaustion right there on the rue de Rivoli. But even if we crash for a full eight hours, that still leaves two delicious hours all to ourselves.

I hurry the rest of the way, but when I open the door I see that once again, Damien Stark is ahead of the curve. The room glows with candlelight, an unexpected reality that makes me laugh out loud. Who but Damien would think of candlelight on an airplane?

Of course, these are faux candles, but the illumination is just as romantic, and the flickering light from dozens of scattered candles gleams off the room's polished wood and casts dancing shadows that under other circumstances could seem menacing, but tonight are both inviting and comforting.

The narrow bed is still made, the pristine white duvet covered with rose petals. I smile, thinking of the tub back in our Mexican bungalow. Our honeymoon, it seems, has a theme.

There is no champagne, but the small bedside table is topped by a bottle of eighteen-year-old Macallan next to two crystal highball glasses, and I grin. Before meeting Damien, my drink of choice was bourbon. More recently, though, I've discovered the pleasures of single malt Scotch.

All in all, the room is a delight, and I can't help but think that we will likely be getting less than our full eight hours, after all. Not a problem; I'm more than willing to sacrifice sleep for Damien.

I pour myself a shot of Scotch, neat, then sit on the edge of the bed and sip it, savoring the slow burn and the way I can feel the heat spreading through me. I toss back the rest, then close my eyes and let the slow buzz tingle through me. We didn't eat dinner, and the Scotch is strong. Not as strong as my thoughts of Damien, though, and between my buzz and my desire I am beginning to squirm a bit in frustration.

My nipples tighten, rubbing almost painfully against the fitted bodice of my sundress. I reach up, cupping my breasts, imagining that it is Damien's hands upon me. Damien, who knows my desires as well as I know them. Maybe even better.

I think of the way he took me in the shower. Of the tub filled with scented water and rose petals. This cabin filled with candlelight.

He did that for me. To please and seduce me.

I smile to myself with just a hint of mischief. Now, I think, it's my turn.

I stand just long enough to unzip the sundress and slide the spaghetti straps off my shoulders. I wriggle it off my hips and then toss it across the room so that I am standing naked in front of the bed. I'm not wearing underwear-a nod to the game that Damien and I used to play-but he hasn't yet discovered that little secret. That's okay, though. There's plenty of time for discovery once we get to Paris.

Right now, I have a different kind of surprise in mind, and since I don't know how much longer Damien will be in the cockpit, I know that I have to hurry. I turn and assess the bed, trying to think. I have something in mind, and after a few seconds of mental gymnastics, I think I've figured out how to pull it off.

By the time I hear the light tap at the door, I am ready.

"Who is it?" I call, just in case it is Katie.

"It's me," he says, and because I am already so desperate for him, the simple sound of his voice makes my body tremble and my sex clench with need.

"Come in," I say, but it doesn't matter. He has already turned the knob and the door is pushing inward.

"Sorry about that," he says, still in the hallway. "There was some mix-up with the flight plan, and-"

He breaks off, sucks in air, and shuts the door fast behind him. Then he stands frozen, his eyes taking in every inch of me, the examination so slow and methodical that I almost believe that his gaze is a physical touch.

I am naked and mostly spread-eagled on the bed. The thing about jets is that seat belts are required, and though Damien and I routinely sit in the more traditional main cabin during takeoff and landing, even the stateroom's bed has belts that can be used in the case of turbulence.

Or in the case of seduction.

It had only taken a few moments to use the straps and buckles on the far end of the bed to secure my ankles. Much trickier had been the task of securing my left hand above me. But I'd managed it. Now that arm is extended and bound, leaving me more or less immobile. Only my right hand is free, and I can tell simply from the rhythm of Damien's breathing that he is well aware of the way the fingers of my free hand are stroking my very wet, very sensitive sex.

"Christ, Nikki."

I just grin, feeling both desirable and very, very smug. I know damn well what he is looking at, and the surge of feminine power at having both surprised and silenced Damien Stark makes me more than a little giddy.

"Hi," I say, my voice low and sultry. "I poured you a drink. Why don't you get it and come over here?"

"I don't know," he says. "I'm having a fine time just standing here and watching."

"Really?" I keep my voice light, but soft. And as I speak, my fingers never leave my sex. "I'm having a nice time, too."

"So I see."

"Mmm." I slide a finger deep inside myself, lifting my hips and releasing a low, desperate moan as I do. My plan may have been to get Damien worked up, but it's working equally well on me, and I'm so damned aroused right now that it is all I can do not to take myself all the way, then watch Damien's face as I shatter in front of him.

But no. This isn't a solo act. I want his hands, his mouth. I want to feel him on top of me. I want his cock inside me.

I want the wildness, the release. I want to see Damien Stark's famous control shatter, and I want to know that I am the one who did that to him.

Wife, I think.

Damn right.

I keep my eyes on his face, then withdraw my hand. Slowly, I trail my finger up my belly, then over my cleavage. When I trace a circle around my nipple, I see a muscle tighten in his cheek. But when I bring my hand to my mouth and draw my finger in between my lips, his composure breaks and he actually growls even as he crosses to me in one long stride.

I laugh, delighted, then slowly slide my finger out from between my lips. I smile up at him, my eyes wide and innocent. "Feeling a bit desperate, Mr. Stark?"

"With you, always."

I sigh with satisfaction. I feel exactly the same way.

He is standing even with my shoulder, his hip brushing the side of the bed. Now he reaches out to trace his fingers up my bare arm until he reaches the strap that binds my wrist in place. "Interesting," he murmurs, then steps backward, letting his fingers trail behind him as he moves, so that he is lightly stroking my ribs, my waist, my hip.

After a moment, though, he steps away from the bed, leaving me bereft when his fingertips leave my skin. I suck in air, only then realizing that I'd forgotten to breathe. He goes to the table, picks up his glass of Scotch, then takes a sip. Throughout it all, his eyes never leave me.

I lay there-I can do nothing else-and as I do, my skin begins to tingle. There is never a time when I am not aware of Damien. When I can't conjure the sensation of his fingers on my skin or his lips upon my cheek. I have only to think of him, and I can feel him.

But this is different. This is anticipation mixed with need. This is heat. This is the knowledge that I have offered myself for him to do with me what he will-and I do not know how far he will go with that. I only know that wherever he takes me, I will go willingly.

"I wonder," he says, and then says no more.

I try not to respond, but the word comes despite my efforts. "What?"

His smile is slow and wide and just a little devious. His dual-colored eyes crinkle a little, adding a bit more devilish flair. "I wonder what you would do if I just stood here for the rest of the flight and enjoyed the view."

I'm not worried. He's wearing loose-fitting shorts, but they don't hide his erection. My husband wants me as much as I want him. "We've barely gotten underway," I say. "Ten hours is a long time to stand. And there's no other seat in this room."

He glances around as if to verify my observation. Then he moves back another step so that he is leaning against the door. "I'm sure I can make do. I'm capable of putting up with all types of self-denial. At least so long as the prize at the end is worth it."

"Oh." I shift a bit uncertainly on the bed. I know damn well he speaks the truth. I know even better that I am the prize-his wife, hot and wild and a little bit crazed with desire, all the more so because she has been teased and tempted, and yet denied.

I drag my teeth over my lower lip as I watch him. He's not smiling, and yet there is no denying the spark of amusement lighting his face. "You wouldn't," I say, projecting a note of certainty in my voice that I don't actually feel.

"Wouldn't I?" He takes a sip of Scotch, studying me. "Funny, I thought you knew me better than that."

"Dammit, Damien," I say, not certain if I'm pissed or amused. The only thing I am certain of is the feel of my body. The way my skin seems to fit just a little too tight and my breasts are a bit too heavy. My nipples are so damn sensitive that even the faint movement from my heartbeat makes them tingle in a silent demand for more. And my sex-oh, Christ, I'm so damn wet, so swollen, so painfully, desperately, needfully turned on, that even the lightest brush of my fingertips sends shock waves through me and makes my cunt throb in demand. I want him inside me-no, I need him inside me. But if he's going to torment me ...

"No," he says, as I boldly stroke myself, imagining that my touch is Damien's, and then arching up as a series of sparks like tiny fireflies begin to dance inside me, a precursor to the lightning storm that is coming.

He crosses to the bed and takes my hand, his thumb brushing lightly over my sex in the process, like some form of casual torment. "No," he says again as he lifts my hand above my head, then uses the same seat-belt strap that I'd used for the left one to bind this hand as well.

I am completely immobile now. My hands are strapped above my head, bound together at my wrists. My legs are bound on either side of the bed, leaving me wide open and ready. I am naked and helpless and entirely at Damien's mercy.

I am wild with anticipation, and so aroused that the tightness in my nipples is almost painful, and my sex is so primed for his touch that I fear I will come from nothing more than the weight of his eyes upon me.

"Well," he says, as if to himself. "What does a man do when faced with unlimited possibilities?"

I don't answer. I'm too entranced by the expression on his face, like a man who has just opened an incredible gift. It is a look-among so many others-that I have come to know well. It's a look that says he loves me. More than that, it's a look that says he desires me.

He pours himself another shot of Scotch, and then takes a sip, as if pondering this knotty dilemma. I continue to watch him, my breathing shallow, my anticipation building. After a moment, he steps beside me again, his glass raised. I expect him to take a sip, but instead he very slowly tilts the glass above me, allowing a thin stream of liquid to fall. It splashes on my breasts, then trickles down my belly, some pooling in my navel, and some easing over my waist to dampen the sheet beneath me.

It is not cold, but I still gasp from the shock of contact, my eyes going to Damien's. I see heat and purpose, and I watch, mesmerized, as he sets the glass aside, and then slowly removes his shirt, his shorts, his briefs.

I have little enough time to enjoy the view, though, as he tells me to shut my eyes. I consider protesting, but since I know it will only earn me a blindfold, it hardly seems worth it.

And then there is his touch.

The stroke of his hands lightly over my skin, running along my sides as if to steady me. His fingertip strokes a pattern on my stomach, circles and swirls drawn with the Scotch, cooling my heated skin as the liquid caresses me.

He is touching neither my breasts nor my sex, and yet the sensation is so wildly sensual that he might as well be. I feel his touch throughout my body. Heating the flesh between my inner thighs. Making my nipples so painfully tight.

I writhe against my bonds, wanting more. Wanting everything. Wanting Damien.

And yet I can find no relief from the growing pressure of desire. This building firestorm inside me that he is so slowly and so deliberately stoking. I can only ride this wave, losing myself to the painfully sweet torment of his touch.

"Damien, please," I murmur, but he only brushes his lips across mine.

"Frustrated, Mrs. Stark?"

"You know I am."

He says nothing, but I swear I can hear his smile. This is what he wants, to take me to the edge, to keep me hovering there, and then-when he finally sends me spinning into the abyss-to be there to catch me as I tumble back to earth.

He lifts his hand from my body, and I whimper a bit.

"I could stand here all night, simply looking at you." His voice is as soft as the caress he has withdrawn, and it sends shivers over me. "Seeing the way the color changes on your skin when you are aroused. The way your nipples peak and the way your stomach muscles tighten in anticipation of my touch. Every inch of you is ripe with need for me."

"Yes," I whisper.

Slowly he traces his fingertip from the indention at the base of my throat all the way down to my navel. I arch up, his touch sending shock waves through me, and when he stops-so close to where I crave both his touch and the explosion I know it will bring-I moan in frustration.

"I control an empire," he says, "and I will not deny the thrill of holding that kind of power. But it is nothing compared to the way I feel when you respond to me. When my words make you smile, when my touch makes you wet. And when you are like this, bound and open, so full of trust and desire, giving yourself so completely to me-god, Nikki," he says, his voice quivering just slightly. "I swear it's you who has the power, because only you can break me."

I open my mouth to speak, but there are no words. And when his mouth closes over mine, I fall hungrily into the kiss, then moan in protest when he withdraws to kiss his way down my body, his mouth following the trail of the Scotch.

The sensation is as delicious as the man, and I writhe against his touch, wanting more, so much more. And Damien, thank god, delivers.

With agonizing slowness, he kisses his way down my leg, paying particular attention to the soft skin behind my knee. My muscles are tight, straining for him, and yet I can do nothing but withstand the storm of his touches.

When he reaches my ankle and undoes the bond, I have to bite back a protest. I want the freedom to move, yes, but there is no denying the pleasure of being at Damien's mercy.

I hear his soft laugh and realize that he knows exactly what I'm thinking. "Don't worry, sweetheart. I'm not even close to done with you."

He releases my other ankle, then eases onto the bed so that he is between my legs. I am spread wide open for him, and though he is my husband-though he has seen me this intimately countless times-I cannot help the heat of a blush that spreads over me.

"Beautiful," Damien murmurs as he lifts my legs to his shoulders. He tries to tug me closer, but I am immobile thanks to the bonds on my arms, and so he leans in, driving me crazy when he gently blows on my clit, making me gasp and squirm and then cry out as his mouth closes over my sex and his tongue sets my senses on fire.

I arch up, because it is too much, but he refuses to relent. He sucks and laves, his expert tongue teasing and tasting, pushing me higher and higher until I am so close that I can almost taste the sweetness of the coming explosion, and I long for it, pushing toward it, wanting and craving it.

And then he stops-and that swirling disk of pleasure that has been hurtling toward me fizzles, dissolving in front of me in the dark abyss of lost pleasure.

"Damien." His name is a curse, a protest, but my words neither wound nor move him.

"Soon," he says calmly. "Anticipation, remember?"

"Bastard," I tease, but the word catches in my throat as he starts to lower me so that my rear is on his thighs and his fingertip skims lightly over my sex.

"I haven't fucked you like this," he says. "You on your back, legs up, helpless. Me on my knees, holding you close, slamming deep inside you. Tell me, sweetheart, would you like that?"

I say nothing-his finger is wreaking too much havoc with my senses to let me lasso the power of speech-but my answer is in my body, and Damien well knows it. With a small chuckle, he leans sideways and opens one of the small drawers that line the cabin-side of the bed.

He reaches in and pulls out a familiar bag. It takes me a second to recognize the gift that my best friend, Jamie, and my other girlfriends presented me at my bachelorette party.

"Damien! Oh my god."

"A goodie bag of sex toys seemed like something we should take on our honeymoon."

We've not had the chance to play with the contents, and now he peers inside and pulls out a bullet-style vibrator and some lube. Considering how wet I am, the lube is hardly necessary. Unless ...

"Damien ..."

"Shhh. You're mine, remember. To have. To fuck. To do with what I will. Isn't that why you greeted me the way you did, laid out and bound for my enjoyment?"

I lick my lips. The man does have a point.

He is kneeling on the bed, and my legs are spread open on either side of him. Now he turns on the bullet and it softly vibrates in his hand. He palms it, then slides it slowly along my inner thighs. The sensation is incredible, all the more so when he brings it to my sex, teasing near but not actually stroking my clit.

Pleasure swirls around me, lifting me higher and higher as Damien teases me with the bullet until, yes, I'm literally begging to be fucked.

"Every way," he says. "All the way."

I nod. "Yes. Oh, god, yes."

"Legs up," he says, then lifts my hips and guides himself inside me. I've not been in this position with him, and as he thrusts into me, his eyes looking into mine, I have to admit I like it. I am on my back, my ass rubbing his thighs, the contact on my clit as he enters taking me higher and higher with each powerful thrust.

"Do you want more?" Damien's voice is low and sensual and rolls over me like a touch.

"I want everything."

I hear the buzz of the vibrator, then feel the cool gel on his fingertips as he readies my ass. I bite my lower lip in anticipation, forcing myself to relax as he inserts the bullet. I sigh with pleasure from the sensation of being completely filled by both Damien and this toy, and also from the exquisite tingle of the vibrations dancing inside me, growing stronger with each of Damien's thrusts inside me.

"Dear god," he says, and the deep groan that lights his voice lets me know that he can feel it, too.

The sensation builds, growing so wild and burning so hot that I am not entirely sure if it is pleasure or pain. All I know is that it lifts me. That it takes me. And that it is not just this jet that is making me soar. It is the man inside me.

Harder and harder he thrusts, and I meet each motion, drawing him in, deeper and deeper. I want to get lost in him. Already I do not know where I end and he begins. All I know is pleasure. All I know is Damien.

Damien, who sets the world spinning wild around me.

Damien, who commands the earth, the stars, the universe, and me.

Damien, who has brought me to the brink.

"Damien," I cry as everything that I am shifts and tilts and bursts in a wild cacophony of light and sensation that wash over me with such violence and joy it is a wonder that I can survive.

And yet I do, and it is Damien who pulls me back. Whose soft touch strokes me. Whose gentle kisses bring me down. Who holds me close and keeps me safe. "Damien," I murmur, as the softness pulls me under and I succumb to the warm, languid pull of exhaustion. I am his, I think. I am loved.

Chapter 6

When I come back to myself, Damien cleans me up and frees my arms, and I stretch, reveling in the sensation of once again having the use of all my limbs. The bed is small, but I like it. I curl up behind him, my face snuggled up against his shoulder and my legs twined with his. I am floating somewhere in that state between waking and dreams, and idly wondering if it is really necessary to ever move again. At the moment, I think I could stay like this forever, drifting through the sky with the man I love.

"Thank you," I whisper.

"For what?" His voice is soft, too, and I think that if I close my eyes and let go, I will find him right next to me in that dream world.

"For loving me."

He is silent for a moment, then rolls over so that we are facing each other. Gently, he brushes a stray lock of hair away from my eyes. "I've seen what's in your heart," he says. "How could I help but love you?"

I let his words glide over me, as warm and soothing as a blanket. "You're very good at that, you know."

"At what?"

"At making me feel as special with your words as you do with your body."

"How many times have I told you, Nikki? I will always give you what you need."

I ease forward and press a soft kiss to the tip of his nose. "Thank you for this honeymoon," I say. I'm not sure what answer I expect. A smile, perhaps. Or a tease. Even some romantic words.

Instead, I see a shadow in his eyes.

"Damien?"

He shakes his head. "Sorry. I was just thinking about our hotel in Paris."

"Problem?"

"I certainly hope not."

I frown. I'm still confused, but tell myself that there must have been some sort of snafu that was troubling him. But even that seems odd, because Damien is the kind of guy who simply tells someone to fix something, then forgets about it, knowing damn well that his staff will make it happen. Then again, this is our honeymoon. So perhaps he's taking more of an interest in the details. I snuggle closer, the thought pleasing me.

"Don't go to sleep just yet," he says, though his voice sounds as lazy as I feel.

"I'm not sure I have a choice in the matter. You've thoroughly relaxed me."

"I know the feeling, and while I do want you well rested for when we land, the fact is that Katie will be here soon with our dinner. And before she comes, I have a present for you."

"Really?" Despite the fact that I'm already feeling deliciously spoiled, I'm as delighted as a child at the idea of a gift. I sit up. "What?"

He chuckles, obviously amused at my eagerness. He sits up as well, then trails his fingers casually over my bare thigh before standing and moving to the door. There is a leather folio on the ground. It wasn't there before, so he must have entered with it, and I was too lost in a sensual haze to notice.

I make a small noise of satisfaction as he bends over, naked, to pick up the folio. "If my present is this view, I like it already," I say.

"Minx," he counters, making me laugh.

He returns to sit by me, then places the notebook in my hands. It is leather bound and zips around the edges. On the cover, embossed in the leather, are the words, To Nikki. Because you are my world, I give you the world.

My heart seems to skip a beat, and I look up at him, my eyes wide so as to prevent the tears that I know are inevitable.

He brushes a soft kiss over my lips. "Open it."

I unzip the case and open it, revealing the map of Europe he gave me the day he asked me to marry him. On that day, there were stickers only on Munich and London. Now, the map is splattered with stickers, as if a wash of confetti has fallen atop it.

I tilt my head to look at him, pleased but not entirely sure I'm seeing the bigger picture.

From the twinkle in Damien's eye, I think he understands my confusion. He reaches over and turns the page, revealing a map of North and Central America. South America is on the next page, then Asia, then Africa, then Australia.

"I only gave you Europe, when I'd wanted to give you the world."

"You gave me that a long time ago," I say, feeling sappy and romantic and warm and loved. I flip back to the page with Central America and put my finger on the dot covering Mexico. "It was a beautiful wedding," I say. "And an exceptional wedding night."

His arm goes around my shoulders and I lean against him. "Are there more stickers?"

"In the back," he says, and I flip to the end and find a little pocket with a sheet of colorful dots. I peel one off, then find the page for Europe again. The continent is as colorful as a rainbow, and the only real gap is directly over Paris, the one major destination we didn't spend any time in during our Grand Tour. I'd expected we would-after all, Damien had taken me there to meet the man who designed my wedding dress-but we'd gone straight from the airport to Favreau's studio, then spent a night in a nearby hotel before I returned to the studio the next day to try on the basted-together dress which Favreau had worked on through the night. Once both Favreau and I were satisfied, Damien had whisked me back to the jet.

When I'd asked why we were rushing off to Italy, Damien had been surprisingly vague. I had considered telling him that I wanted to stay-that I wanted to see the sights and soak in the atmosphere of that famous, vibrant city. But I had seen something in Damien's eyes, and so I had remained silent, confident that wherever Damien took me, simply being with him would be enough.

Now, I carefully put the dot over Paris.

I tilt my head so that I am looking at him again, and grin. "I can't wait," I confess. "I've always wanted to explore Paris."

His smile seems hesitant, and for just the flicker of an instant, I think I see shadows in his eyes again. I take his hand. "If you'd rather go someplace else, that's okay. We didn't do Japan, and you sounded pretty keen on that."

His brow furrows in what I recognize as genuine confusion.

"I just mean-it's our honeymoon. I want us to go somewhere that we both like. ..." I trail off, now as confused as Damien looks.

His expression fades quickly enough, though, and he laughs out loud, all trace of the earlier shadows erased. "Sweetheart, I love Paris."

"Oh."

"I would say I'm sorry that we didn't spend time there on our last trip, but I'm not," he adds, making me even more confused. He knows it, too. And he's enjoying himself, the bastard.

I narrow my eyes and cross my arms over my chest, trying to look stern but probably not managing too well. "You love it? Then why on earth didn't we sightsee or go to restaurants or take a stroll along the Seine when we were there? I mean, we traipsed all over Europe. We couldn't squeeze in an extra day or two after my dress fitting?"

"One, I don't traipse," he says, making me laugh out loud. "And two, I wanted to save it."

"For what?"

"For you."

I am truly baffled now. Smiling, Damien lifts my hand and kisses each of my fingertips. "Paris is light and love and romance," he whispers. "And so are you. I knew from the first time I touched you that I would explore Paris with you. But only as my wife."

His words squeeze tight around me, constricting my chest with the force of our shared emotion. I open my mouth to say his name, but my throat is too thick, and even that one simple word cannot escape.

Slowly, a tear trickles down my cheek. I think of everything that fills his world, from high-level, high-stress business deals to the employees who rely on him for their livelihood, and yet there is never a time when he doesn't put me first. When he doesn't make me feel treasured and special.

He gently brushes the tears from my face. "That's not the reaction I was hoping for," he says, his smile as soft as his voice.

"You fill my heart, Damien." The words come in a whisper, but on their heels a laugh bubbles out of me. "Don't mind the tears," I say. "I'm just overflowing."

He takes me in his arms and I hug him tight, my face pressed against his chest, the steady rhythm of his heart like a coded message, promising me that nothing can ever, ever come between us.

I'm not sure how long we stay like that-possibly a few minutes, possibly an eternity-but we move only in response to a sharp knock at the door and Katie's crisp voice saying from the hall, "I'm so sorry to interrupt, but there's a satellite call from Ms. Brooks," she says, referring to Damien's assistant, Sylvia.

Damien sighs as he stands and runs his hands through his hair. "I thought I was clear, Katie. Unless there's an emergency, I'm not to be disturbed."

"I know, Mr. Stark. But the call isn't for you. It's for Nikki-I mean, for Mrs. Stark. And Ms. Brooks is convinced that it's urgent."

Chapter 7

"A lawsuit," I say numbly for what has to be the billionth time. I turn to Damien, not certain if I'm angry or scared or just plain gobsmacked. "How the hell can this be happening?"

"We'll get to the bottom of it," he says, and his voice is so precise that I know he is even angrier than I am. "It's either a mistake, or someone is fucking with you."

We're back in the main cabin where I had gone to take the satellite call, and now I shift even more on the leather love seat so that I am facing him directly. "Fucking with me?" I manage a mirthless laugh. "I'd say that sums it up nicely."

When Sylvia had first told me that a company named WiseApps Development was threatening litigation, my mind couldn't process it. I spend months and months developing all my smart phone apps, and the idea that I had blatantly stolen the coding for my most popular app was not only absurd but insulting.

It had to be a joke. My best friend, Jamie, being a goof. Or Ollie stretching his lawyer wings to give me grief on my honeymoon.

Except that is bullshit because neither of my friends would pull such a mean joke. This is real. And it's serious. And the thought of getting embroiled in litigation-of being accused of doing something so incredibly heinous-is more than I can process. I'm lost in the mist of unreality, and if it weren't for Damien's hand in mine, I fear I would never find my way back to reality.

"Nikki." His voice is gentle but firm. I take a deep breath, certain that my eyes are glassy, my skin pale. "It will be okay."

I want to believe him, but I can't wrap my head around it, and so I just stare at him, hating the attorney who has been calling Sylvia, terrified of the foundation of lies that must exist in order for WiseApps to have convinced an attorney to get involved.

"Nikki," Damien repeats, and this time his voice is sharp. He releases my left hand, then reaches across my body to take my right.

I glance down. I'm wearing nothing but a robe, and it has fallen open, leaving both of my thighs exposed along with the angry scars that mar them, souvenirs from another life, when it was pain and a blade that kept me centered.

Now, I'm surprised to see that I've been digging my nails into my thigh, so viciously that I've come close to drawing blood. I try to relax my hand so that Damien can pull it away, but I can't seem to manage it. I'm untethered, and I need the pain to anchor me.

"No," Damien says, and though I know that he is referring to the way I am hurting myself, I hear the word as if in contradiction to my thoughts. No, I do not need the pain. And he is right, I think. It's not the pain that is my anchor. Not anymore.

It's Damien.

I turn to him suddenly. Urgently. "Tell me it will be all right."

My hand is tight in his, and I see the flash of relief on his face. The recognition that I have returned to him from a dark and lonely place. "You've done nothing wrong," he says. "Of course it will be okay."

"It makes me feel dirty," I say. "And no matter what happens, if it gets out, that's what people will remember. That there was a scandal, and that I was involved."

"I know." I appreciate that he doesn't offer platitudes or tell me that it is ridiculous to feel that way. He gets it, in part because he has been there himself, but also because he understands me. How I think. How I feel.

I straighten my shoulders. The truth is, I've survived scandal before, and a pretty damn juicy scandal at that. I can weather this, too. With Damien beside me, I can survive anything.

I draw a calming breath. No matter how horrible this is, at least I am not alone.

"What do you mean that someone might be fucking with me?" I ask after I've drawn enough breaths to feel capable of carrying on a reasonably coherent conversation.

"Just that it's interesting timing, isn't it? You've just gotten married. You want to enjoy your honeymoon. And you have access to more than enough money to easily pay off a nuisance lawsuit."

"Access," I say with a mirthless laugh. "If by access you mean that I can cozy up to my mega-bazillionaire husband and ask him to pay the son of a bitch off, then yeah. I guess I have access."

Damien knows damn well that I have no intention of using his money to take care of my business. But that doesn't change the fact that his expression is entirely serious when he nods and says, "If you ask, you know I'll give you whatever you need. But I hope you don't ask."

I'm not surprised. Damien isn't any more inclined than I am to kowtow to blackmail.

I pinch the bridge of my nose as exhaustion starts to settle on me. The travel, the stress. It is all beginning to wear me down. "Maybe it's just a misunderstanding," I say.

"I sure as hell hope so. Because if it turns out that someone is fucking with you-" His voice is as sharp as a blade.

"Damien." My voice rises with warning. I know what he is capable of-the lengths he has gone to in the past to protect me from those who would hurt me. And while I don't give a rat's ass what happens to somebody who is trying to use my company and my reputation to scam a settlement from me, I don't want to see Damien thrust back into the mire.

I start to say that to him, but he shakes his head and tightens his grip on my hand. He meets my eyes. His are fierce. "I will slay your dragons, Nikki. I will keep you safe."

"I know," I say. What I don't add is that that is what scares me.

I raise our joined hands to my lips and press a soft kiss to his knuckles. I am thinking of my dream-of the world trying to pull Damien and me apart-and I shiver.

"What?"

But I only shake my head and conjure a wan smile. "Just the whole thing," I say. "I've never been sued. I don't much like it." True words, and yet not a true answer.

He doesn't comment on my obfuscation, and yet I think he knows. How could he not? This is the man who can see into my heart.

He watches me for a moment, then nods. I tuck my feet under me and rest my head on his shoulder, exhaustion suddenly overtaking me as the adrenaline rush fades. I know that I would be more comfortable in the stateroom, but my body is limp and heavy and I doubt I can move. Damien brushes his lips gently over my temple. "We still haven't had dinner."

"Feed me in France," I mumble, so tired I'm barely able to form words.

"It's a date." He tucks an arm around me and pulls me closer. "Sleep now," he says.

And I do.

Chapter 8

Skin against skin.

A brush. A stroke. The butterfly touch of lips against my ear.

And a voice, soft but firm.

"Nikki. Sweetheart, we're landing in less than an hour. Time to wake up."

"Mmm. Sleep," I protest.

"Food," he says, trailing his fingers lightly over my lips. "And clothes. Parisians are pretty open-minded, but I think registration at the hotel might go more smoothly if you're wearing more than a bathrobe."

His words seem to float over me. I know he's right, and yet I want to stay here in this soft place between sleep and dreams. There are heavy things out there-scary things-and right now I know only vaguely that they exist, and that for this brief time I have escaped them. I am safe here in sleep, with only Damien's voice to blanket me and the gentle caress of his fingers to soothe me.

"Five more minutes." My words are a soft mumble, and I shift a bit closer to him.

He says nothing, and once again the thrum of the jet's engines starts to draw me down into the sweetness of sleep, safe beside this man that I love.

My descent is halted, however, by the soft stroke of his hand. His fingers ease down my neck in a gentle caress that makes me shiver. He tugs the shoulder of my robe down, exposing my skin. He kisses me there, gentle touches designed to sweetly tease me. Then he slides his hand down, moving slowly over my breast, making me gasp in delight and then sigh in regret when his hand continues on, having merely teased my nipple into tight, sweet arousal.

"Damien." I'm not sure if the word is a protest or an exultation. All I know is that he has loosened the tie of the robe and now spreads it open. "Damien," I say again, but this time the word is little more than breath, because his hand has slipped farther down and he is stroking me, playing me. I close my eyes and sigh as I let the power of my husband's touch send sparks scattering through my body.

I'm aware of every part of me, as if every cell is crying out for more contact, and in answer to my own desires I raise my hands to my breasts, teasing my nipples, then tugging harder as the pressure of Damien's touch increases, as the storm gathers, coming closer to releasing all of its fury inside me.

"Tell me you like this," he demands.

"Yes," I say as I raise my hips, urging him not to stop. To touch me harder, faster, deeper. To take and take until I am turned completely inside out. "God, yes."

"You're close, sweetheart," he says, and I make some sort of noise in response. "Close," he repeats, gently removing his hand and making me gasp at this sudden withdrawal of pleasure. "But not ready."

I moan in protest and frustration. "Clearly you're not familiar with the definition of ready."

"Then educate me," he says. "What are you ready for?"

"You."

His smile is wide and satisfied and wonderfully sexy. "I like that answer. Stand up."

I hesitate only a moment, because now I understand. "Yes, sir." I stand, then move to the middle of the cabin so that I am right in front of where he sits on the love seat, his back to the side of the plane and a row of windows open to the night. I hope we don't hit turbulence, but I am not overly worried. There are worse things than stumbling into Damien's arms.

"Take off the robe." He is wearing loose khaki shorts and an ancient Wimbledon T-shirt. His arms are spread out along the back of the couch, giving him a casual air. His legs are slightly spread, and I can see the tight muscles of his thighs. He's been working out more and his always exceptional body is even more toned.

But even though his posture is casual, his expression is anything but. He is watching me with something that can only be described as hunger. And I am all too happy to be devoured.

"The robe," he says, making me jump. I haven't yet complied. I've been too caught up with watching my husband. Now I hesitate for different reasons, my attention turning toward the front of the plane and the now-closed door to the galley. It's one thing to be naked under a robe that I can yank closed. It's another to be naked altogether.

"Is there a problem, Mrs. Stark? I believe I told you to ditch the robe."

I start to speak, but force the words back. I think about Katie. About the privacy of the stateroom. And about this wide-open cabin, separated from the crew's area by just one thin door.

But this is Damien. He'll push my boundaries-I know that. But he won't cross them.

I let the robe fall to the floor, my eyes never leaving his. "Yes, sir," I say, and see the heat of fire in his eyes, then feel it burn my skin as he slowly lifts his gaze from my feet to my head, examining every inch of me, and making me even wetter in the process.

"Good girl." His voice is rough, and I can hear the need. I glance down, and feel a wave of satisfaction upon seeing the unmistakable bulge of his erection straining against his shorts. "Now tell me what you want."

I almost sag with relief, because what I want is what I always want. Where Damien is concerned I am insatiable.

I want him inside me. I want it hard and wild and just a little bit crazy. I want there to be room for nothing inside me except Damien. Not my dream, not the lawsuit, not any of the realities of the world that have started to seep back into my mind now that wakefulness has caught me.

Damien, I think. All I want is Damien.

I start to say as much, but then stop myself. Because as much as I want him-and oh, dear god, do I want him-that isn't all I want.

No, I want him just as crazed as me. I want to make him desperate. I want to hear him beg. I know that he needs me-I stopped doubting that long ago-but I want to see that need in his eyes, and I want to see the satisfaction of his desires when he explodes inside me.

I take a step toward him.

"Tell me," he repeats. "Tell me what you want."

"I'd rather show you." I walk toward him as I talk, my eyes never leaving his. One step, then another. I see his expression shift, wariness edging toward pleasure.

And then, as I kneel in front of him, there is understanding. Mostly, there is desire.

He starts to speak, and though I don't know if he intends to protest, I don't wait to find out. I press my finger to his mouth and gently shake my head. "No. My turn. Not a word."

He nods, just a small movement of his head, but I revel in the power. I just might be the only person on the planet to whom Damien Stark will willingly submit.

I lean forward and with slow, deliberate motions, I unbutton the shorts and then lower his zipper. I slip my hand in and stroke his cock through his briefs. He is hard as steel, and when I let my eyes dart up to his face, I see that his jaw is tight and know that he is fighting for control.

I draw his cock out, steely hard and incredibly thick. Damien makes a low noise like a growl of need, and my stomach quivers in response. My entire body throbs with want of him, but not yet. Not until I taste him.

I lick the very tip of his cock, and am rewarded by the way he arches back and the way his fingers reach for me and twine tightly in my hair. Feminine power surges through me, and I look up to see muscles in his chest straining against the shirt. He looks like a man on the precipice, aroused and wild and ready. And I am the woman who took him there. Who will take him further.

I lick him, cupping his balls and following the vein that bulges in his cock up to the tip. He shudders under my touch, then gasps when I open my mouth and take him in, sucking and licking as I try to take all of him, wanting the sensation of making him go over like this, lost to my whim and the pleasure I am giving. I can't manage, though. He's too big and I am not at a good angle. More than that, I am driving myself crazy, because as much as I want to take him there, the truth is that I am craving the feel of him inside me. And the more I imagine the feel of him deep within me, the more I know that I have to have him. Dear god, I have to have him now.

"Straddle me."

The words are little more than a whisper, but they wash over me with the force of an answered prayer. I tilt my head back and find him looking at me with such intensity it seems to burn. "I need to be inside you," he says.

"I know," I say as I rise. "I need it, too."

I hold on to his shoulders and put my knees on the love seat on either side of him. With my eyes never leaving his, I position myself, teasing the tip of his cock and then-oh, dear god, yes-impaling myself on him. Deeper and deeper until I feel like I will lose him inside of me, and me inside of him.

"Christ, Nikki, you feel so good." His hands cup my breasts as I arch back and we rock together, slow and sensual moments that swirl pleasure around us, as heady as a cocktail.

"I can never get enough of you," he says. "I know you so intimately, and yet never stop discovering you."

I close my eyes, surrendering myself to the wonder of his touch and the power of his words.

"There is never a time when I don't see you and lose myself utterly to you. You're mystery, Nikki, and you're truth. Look at me," he says, and I hear the change of tone in his voice.

I open my eyes and see the intensity on his face.

"We're together now." His voice is firm and thick with meaning. "Neither of us is alone. We're one. And whatever you have to face, I will face it with you. Whatever battles you have to fight, I will fight them with you. I will see us through this."

I swallow, thinking of how I wanted nothing more than to stay asleep, hiding from whatever new horror awaited me out in the world. Hiding from Damien, too, even as I felt protected in the shadow of his arms. I should have known better. I should have known he would see right through me-and that he wouldn't let me hide.

"Do you understand?" he asks.

"Yes."

"Does that bother you?"

I think about it, then shake my head. "No," I say truthfully. "It makes me feel safe. I have no more secrets from you." I'm not entirely sure that Damien can say the same thing. And, yes, there was a time when that would have bothered me, but no more. I will happily spend the rest of my life peeling back the layers of this man.

He watches my face for a moment, as if trying to convince himself that I am being forthright. Then he nods. "I'm going to have my attorneys deal with this bullshit."

"Damien-"

"No. It's your lawsuit, and I get that. But you don't have a litigator on retainer, and I have an entire team. I am not coddling you, but I am helping you." He cups my chin. "Okay?"

I glance down to where our bodies intersect, then look up at him with a cocked eyebrow. "You pick the strangest times to have these conversations."

"It's the mark of a good businessman." The corner of his mouth curves up. "Find your opponent's weakness and exploit it."

I roll my eyes.

"Okay?" he asks. And because I am not a fool, I nod.

The truth is, before, I simply wanted to hide. To make it all go away. But Damien has reminded me that I am not alone. More than that, he's reminded me that I'm stronger than I think.

Even better, I am stronger with him.

I want to say all that to him, but instead I simply say, "I love you."

He pulls me forward to catch me in a kiss, and I take the opportunity to shimmy a bit on his lap. "What was it you said about how we were going to be landing soon? Maybe I should stay like this for touchdown. Might be interesting."

"Maybe you should," he says, and for a moment, I think he means it.

Then he pinches my ass. "Then again, that probably violates some FAA regulation. Best not to tempt fate. Besides, I believe Katie's been keeping dinner warm for us."

Again, I'm reminded that she is just past that little door and could come in at any time.

Once again reading my mind, Damien glances up, silently reminding me of the privacy button. It has ensured that she didn't come in. But at the same time, my cheeks heat with the certainty that she knows exactly what is going on in here.

"We are newlyweds, after all," Damien says. "And to be honest, I don't think I'm quite finished working up an appetite."

"Oh, really?" I say, lifting myself a bit and then lowering, slowly at first and then gradually increasing speed. "And what is it you're hungry for, Mr. Stark?"

"Funny you should ask." He takes my hips and guides me, increasing the tempo and impaling himself deeper and harder inside me. "Right now, the only thing I'm interested in is you."

"Good." I put my hands on his shoulders, letting our rhythm build and our passion grow. Our eyes are locked, and neither of us looks away, both too entranced by the storm that we are building in each other.

"There," he says, as if he feels what I feel. As if he saw within me that electrical sensation spreading down my inner thighs, a precursor to the explosion.

But I see it inside him, too. More, I feel it in the way his cock hardens, in the quickened rhythms of his thrusts. My body responds in kind, tightening around him. Giving as much as I am taking and moving faster and faster in a sensual dance that breaks us both into a frenzied explosion of light and passion.

"Damien." His name is a cry, a prayer, and as I cling to him, my body shaking as the storm rips through me, I hear my name, too, as Damien's release fills me, and then there is silence as his mouth closes over mine and he kisses me feverishly until we both pull away, spent and gasping for air.

"Well," I say, after my body stops quivering. "I think I've got one hell of an appetite now."

"Funny," he says. "I'm still only hungry for you. But I suppose nutrition counts for something." He gently lifts me off him, then reaches for my robe to clean us both off. I raise my eyebrows and he chuckles. "You don't need to put it back on. I'll toss it in the laundry bin later. And I rather like the idea of watching you walk naked to the stateroom."

I release what I hope sounds like a snort of disapproval, but is really laughter. And just to show him up, I make my way to the back, adding a little more swish to my hips as I go.

I pause outside the stateroom and look back. He is watching me, his expression full of love and longing, passion and heat.

I breathe deeply, feeling calm and centered. Yes, there's a lawsuit, and yes, that sucks. But that's just a blip. A chapter in the book of my life. Hell, a footnote.

Damien is the whole story. And our life together is epic.

Chapter 9

As it turns out, we don't just take a limo to the hotel. We first take a helicopter from the airport to a helipad in the city center. I've done many things with Damien, but so far we've not commuted by helicopter. And, yeah, I'm a little giddy.

I lean toward the window, one hand on the glass, the other tight in Damien's hand, and watch as the pilot brings the bird down gently. After just a few more moments, the staff has unloaded our bags and is escorting us to a waiting limo. It's smooth and seamless and definitely one of the perks of traveling with Damien.

The limo's interior is completely frosty, but I barely notice it. I'm too busy gazing out the window at the city that is passing by us. The Arc de Triomphe, the stunning architecture, and even a glimpse of the Eiffel Tower. I feel like a little girl with her nose pressed to the window, not a woman who recently returned from a very similar trip.

All too soon, our drive ends. The limo pulls up in front of what looks like a private residence, but the uniforms on the two men standing by the door make it clear that this is a hotel.

The two livery-clad bellmen hurry forward to retrieve our bags, then whisk them away while Damien and I walk more slowly into the hotel. A distinguished man with a small mustache hurries to greet us. I learn that he is the manager of the Hotel Margaritte, and that this exclusive hotel just off the rue du Faubourg Saint-Honore has only twenty rooms and was once an eighteenth-century private residence.

Damien and I will be staying in the penthouse.

The manager escorts us there, taking us through the lobby, which is still furnished as it would have been centuries ago, with tapestry and gilt, crystal and elegance. I walk with my head in constant motion as I look this way and that, trying to take it all in.

But whatever awe I feel for the lobby fades when we reach the penthouse. It is, in a word, incredible. Taking up the entire top floor, it is luxury personified, with no detail overlooked in the beautiful furnishings, the antique mirrors, the modern kitchen well-concealed behind decorative, period-style doors.

The real showstopper, however, is the huge bay window that arches up into a skylight, giving the living room the illusion of being outdoors. And, as if to remind us that we are in Paris, we have a stunning view of the Eiffel Tower.

"This room was the conservatory at one time," the manager says. "Mademoiselle Margaritte, the hotel's namesake, kept it filled with flowers."

"It's lovely," I say, thoroughly delighted.

He finishes giving us the tour, then leaves us in privacy. Only then do I realize we never stopped at the front desk. That pedestrian form of checking in is apparently one of those pesky things that only those who don't have the means to own small countries have to put up with.

"Do you own this place?" I ask Damien when we are alone.

"I don't, no. Why? Do you think I should?" He pats his pockets. "Let me check my wallet. Maybe I have enough cash. ..."

"Oh, sure," I say. "You can laugh. But I've seen you buy some pretty amazing things on the spur of the moment." When we were in Italy, he'd heard about an authentic Michelangelo that was going to be put up for auction. He'd contacted the seller, made the kind of deal that couldn't be refused, and then donated it to a Los Angeles museum on the condition that he could take it on loan for two months out of every year to tour his properties, kept under watchful guard in the lobbies of his offices all over the globe, and thus giving the general public a chance to come view a masterpiece.

"True," he concedes. "But I rarely buy real estate on impulse."

"There's always a first time," I say lightly. "But seriously, why aren't we staying at one of your hotels? You have one not far from here. Or at least Stark Properties, a wholly owned subsidiary of Stark International, does."

For a moment, he looks confused, then he grins. "You've been reading my corporate magazine."

"Maybe," I admit, because there were a few copies on the plane. "But it would still have been a good guess. Because, honestly, where don't you own property?"

"Greenland. At the moment, I'm completely without holdings in Greenland."

"Ha-ha." I turn to examine the suite some more, taking in the plush furniture, the wide-open spaces, even the grand piano that I have absolutely no idea how to play. "I'll admit this place is exceptional, but why not stay at one of your own?"

"Because this is our time," he says. "No one knows us personally. No one will knock on the door if there is a crisis. It's not possible to be entirely anonymous with you," he adds, taking my hand and tugging me toward him, "but I'd like to at least try to be invisible."

I lean back against him, then close my eyes as his hands tighten around my waist. We stand like that for a moment, swaying slightly, the top of my head tucked under Damien's chin.

"Are you tired?" he asks.

"Mmm. That depends on why you're asking."

His low chuckle rumbles through me. "That's definitely one reason to stay awake. But I confess that I was thinking of something a bit more public."

I turn in his arms. "What about being invisible?"

"I'm sure we can blend," he says. "Maybe I'll even buy you a hat to go with your dress."

"Un chapeau," I correct, "and I'd like that." The dress I chose on the plane is a vintage style shirt-dress, with buttons running the entire length and a belted waist that creates a very full skirt. I'm feeling rather Audrey Hepburn, and a hat would be just the thing.

"You're the one who'll be recognized," I point out. "I've only become a celebrity by default." Damien, however, has been in the spotlight since he was a kid, and he played enough tennis and did enough commercials in Europe that I doubt I'm exaggerating the chances of him being noticed. Especially when you factor in how widespread the coverage of his recent trial was.

"I have a disguise." He grins as he says it, then crosses to the leather backpack that doubles as a briefcase when he travels.

I watch, amused, as he pulls out a white cap with a French flag imprinted on the front.

I laugh and shake my head. He's still Damien, no question about it, and I think he looks damn hot. But on the whole it's not a bad disguise. He rarely wears caps, and if he adds some sunglasses-and if we both carry daypacks-we'll look like any two tourists out exploring the city.

"So do I look like just an ordinary guy?"

"You'll never be ordinary," I say. "But close enough."

The hotel is located near dozens of high-end shops, but it's only just past eight in the morning, so nothing much is open yet. Damien promises me a day of shopping later, and I am fine with that. I may be hesitant to use my husband's money to fund my business, but I am not so proud as to turn down designer clothes.

Right now, though, we stay primarily on the side streets, enjoying the local ambiance. We are holding hands, and though I feel as though we are wandering aimlessly, Damien assures me that he knows where we are going.

"So what is on our agenda?" I ask. "It's Paris, after all. There are about a million things I want to do."

"What's on your list?" he asks, as an amazing yeasty scent draws us off the street toward a tiny cafe with charming outdoor seating.

I start to rattle off everything I can think of, from the Louvre to the catacombs to the Seine and the Eiffel Tower. "And Versailles," I add as we take a seat at one of the tables. "And Montmartre. And the Left Bank and the Metro and-oh, hell, I don't know. How does everything sound?"

His smile is indulgent. "Sounds reasonable to me."

When the waitress arrives he orders two cafe cremes and two pains au chocolat. I'm impressed, but not surprised, when he orders in what I assume is perfect French. Stark International, I think, and grin. Why wouldn't he speak French?

"I'm not quite fluent," he admits as we sip our coffee and watch the people on the charming avenue. "But I can get by."

After we've finished our pastry and coffee, we meander down small streets and alleyways until we cross a wider, busier avenue, then follow a half-hidden path into a lovely garden.

"It's like an oasis," I say. I had grabbed my camera on the way out of the hotel, and now I make Damien stop as I take a few shots. It is as if we have wandered into a fairy tale, and I want to capture the magical aura on film.

"This is one of my favorite shortcuts," Damien says, as he leads me down a tree-lined path. "And for exactly that reason. It's an escape. A respite from the crowds and the noise."

"So where are we?"

"It's called the Jardin de la Nouvelle France. I think it was set up in anticipation of the 1900 World's Fair, but don't quote me on that. I come for the way it looks, not the history."

As interesting as the history might be, I have to agree, and as we follow the path-taking a few side trips just for the sake of adventure-I can't deny the joy I feel simply being in this cool, green space. I keep my camera out, delighting in the play of light and shadow, and taking so many pictures that I will undoubtedly have to buy new memory cards before this trip is over.

We wander farther in and find a lovely little bridge, not to mention an actual waterfall.

"Here," Damien says, taking my hand at one point when I'm certain that we've managed to get horribly turned around. "I'll show you my favorite place to sit." He leads me to a small pond shaded by a weeping beech. There is a small stone bench, and we sit for a moment, his arm around my waist and my head upon his shoulder.

"Thanks."

"For what?" he asks.

"You said you were giving me the world. Thank you for giving me these hidden treasures, too."

When we finally stand to continue on our way, I'm surprised to realize that it's after ten thirty.

"Slow and easy," Damien says when I comment on the time. "Just like a honeymoon should be."

I take his hand and squeeze. Because, really, I can't argue with that.

We emerge from the park onto the Cours la Reine, and follow that street for a while before crossing at the avenue Winston Churchill. That road goes to the Seine, and turns into the Pont Alexandre III.

"Are we crossing?"

Damien shakes his head. "We can take the stairs down and walk along the water for a while or stay on street level and check out some of the sights. We'll pass the Louvre in a few more blocks."

"Can we go in?"

"We can," he says, then kisses my forehead. "It's already on today's agenda. But there's someplace else I want to take you first. You still okay with walking? We can catch a cab."

"I'm great," I say, meaning it. There is nothing I enjoy more than walking in a new city, unless it's walking in a new city with Damien.

We stay on the street level until we've passed the Place de la Concorde and I've oohed and aahed over the Obelisk and taken a dozen more pictures. Then we go down the stairs and walk along the Seine until we reach the Pont des Arts. We head back up the stairs, begin to cross the bridge, and then I stop, confused by the odd appearance of the bridge's railing.

"What's that-locks?" I've stepped to the side, and Damien is beside me, as I realize that the odd metallic jumble I'm looking at is in fact a collection of padlocks that are attached to the bridge railing like barnacles.

I tilt my head to look up at Damien. "What on earth?"

"This is the bridge for lovers," he says. "You've never heard of it?"

I shake my head even as I look farther down the bridge, not able to fathom just how many lovers have come here to pledge their devotion.

"They come. They write their names on a lock. They attach it to the bridge, and they throw the key into the Seine."

"For luck?" I ask, and he nods.

"Is that why you've brought me here?"

"It is," he says, and those two words warm my heart. "But I want to switch it up just a little."

I frown a bit, confused, but nod.

"Not too long ago, part of the bridge fell off-it collapsed under the weight of the locks."

My eyes widen. "Love is a heavy burden," I quip, then immediately frown. "Was anyone hurt?"

"No, but even so. I thought we could start our own tradition. Carry our own weight, you might say."

I cock my head, smiling as I wait for him to explain.

He draws a small box from his pocket, then opens it to reveal a silver charm in the shape of a lock. I pick it up, and see that it has our names engraved on it. "And it has a key, too," he says, lifting the velvet to reveal the tiny key. "It's for you, from me. And once I put it on your bracelet, I thought we could throw the key into the river."

My chest swells and my throat is thick with tears. I nod stupidly because I can't get the words out. It is romantic and sweet, and I lift my wrist for him, the little Eiffel Tower dangling there as he attaches the lock charm next to it.

"I love you," I say as he puts the key in my hand.

"And I love you." He cups his hand over mine. "On three?" he asks, and we start to swing our joined hands. Once. Twice. On the third time, we let go, and the tiny key goes flying.

"Forever," Damien says.

"Forever," I agree.

The rest of the afternoon feels just as soft, just as romantic.

We wander along the Seine, looking at the street vendors' wares, taking silly pictures of each other, and holding hands. Once or twice I see people looking at us-a few even snap pictures-but I tell myself that it is nothing. That if there are less than a dozen people who recognize us, then we are having a good day.

We spend two hours in the Louvre, and I gasp in awe at the majesty of some of the paintings, and then gasp in surprise at how diminutive the Mona Lisa is, certainly not as big as I expected given the enormity of her reputation.

After, we buy cheese and wine and have an afternoon picnic in the Jardin des Tuileries, where we do nothing but laze about enjoying the weather, the surroundings, and each other.

As night approaches, Damien takes me back to the Seine and we take an evening cruise. We sip champagne and watch the lights of the city come on. And when the Eiffel Tower lights and sparkles on the hour, we toast to love and laughter and romance.

As we are heading back to the dock, Damien receives a text, and since he has ordered strict silence except in emergencies, he glances at the screen. I watch him, dividing my attention between my husband and the Parisian skyline.

The muscle in his cheek tightens, so I know it is not good news, and he taps out a reply quickly, his fingers practically attacking the screen. But when he turns back to me, the frustration is gone and he is simply Damien again, a man sharing champagne with his wife on their honeymoon.

"How do you do that?" I ask. "You must have a million things going on and a trillion fires to put out, and yet you can just shut it all down. Turn it all off." I wish that I could do the same. Because although I have reveled in every moment of this day, the truth is that the threat of that damn lawsuit has been lying under the surface, clinging to my enjoyment like tar.

"I don't know," he says, brushing my cheek. "I simply will it away. It isn't gone. Only shelved."

"I can't even manage that." I press against him, sighing as his arms go around me. He smells of fresh air and grass from the garden, and his body is hard and hot against mine. "Make it go away," I murmur as I feel the need rise within me. "For just a little while, make me forget everything but you."

I lean back just enough so that I can tilt my head up to look at him. His eyes are like molten steel, and I quiver simply from the thought of his touch.

"There's somewhere I want to take you." I hear the strain in his voice, as if he is fighting back the urge to touch me. The boat has reached the dock, and he leads me off, then pauses on the quai to study me. "I wasn't sure, but, Nikki-yes. Come on."

I'm not at all sure what he has in mind, but I go willingly. Eagerly, actually.

On the street level, we catch a taxi and Damien instructs the driver to take us to A la Lune in the Quartier Pigalle. I note the way the driver glances back, his expression almost a leer, and I raise my brows. Damien only shrugs. "Think red light district."

"Oh," I say, and then settle back in the upholstered seat. I have no idea what Damien has planned, but I'm completely confident I will enjoy it.

It's not a long drive, and soon we are in a neighborhood that reminds a little bit of Bourbon Street and a little bit of Times Square. On one corner, I see a red door and a small neon sign for A la Lune. The driver lets us out without a word, but when Damien pays him, his eyes stay on our faces for just a bit longer than I'd like. I tell myself it's nothing. If he'd recognized us-if he cared-he'd have pulled out his phone and snapped a picture. As it is, he drives away.

Damien takes my hand and leads me toward the red door, but stops a few feet away on a section of the sidewalk submerged in shadows. "I meant what I said before, about Paris being a city of romance and wanting to share that with you on our honeymoon. But it also has a libertine side. A bit wild. A bit decadent."

"And that's a good thing?" I tease, easing up against him, so close I can feel his erection. He cups my ass and pulls me closer.

"It is," he says, with more seriousness than I anticipated. "Do you remember what you said back in Malibu the other day? We were eating breakfast."

I grin, certain I finally see where this is going. "I said it felt very domestic. That I liked that." I ease closer, then grind my pelvis against his. "What's the matter? Already feeling shackled by matrimony?"

"Shackled wouldn't be a problem," he says, "though I'd prefer it was you and not me. And no. But I don't ever want us to become ... settled." As he speaks, he steps back so that he can run his finger down my dress. He eases the skirt up, then growls low in his throat when he finds that I'm not wearing underwear.

"I don't want to be settled, either," I say huskily.

"Dear god, I love you." He tightens his hand around my waist and I arch back, letting him explore me, letting his touch excite me. I know that we are outside, but it is dark and this is Damien, and I don't care. I want this. I want him. And I want the passion to fire so hot between us that it burns away everything else.

"Inside." His voice is rough. "If I don't get you inside right now, I swear I'm going to fuck you right here against this wall."

I'm tempted to see if he means it, but I notice some people walking across the street. I don't think they've seen us, but no sense tempting fate. "All right," I say. "Let's see just how decadent Paris can be."

Chapter 10

As it turns out, it can be pretty damn decadent. The club caters to couples, who can either choose to share partners or not. We are definitely on the "or not" side of the equation, a fact which Damien makes clear to the couple who enter the club at the same time we do.

The hostess greets us in French, then switches seamlessly to English. She explains that she will take us to the dressing rooms where we will put our clothes and belongings in lockers. She makes a particular point to stress that my camera must be locked away, and I am fine with that. I don't want to take pictures any more than I want someone taking pictures of me.

The club provides robes, sarongs, and towels. We can choose what to wear, or wear nothing at all. She continues to explain the rules, which are basically nonexistent. Anything goes. Anything, anywhere. Except for the hot tub, where actual intercourse isn't allowed, a statement that drives home that it is allowed anywhere else.

"Are there private rooms?" I ask.

"There are. But you do not have to be concerned about your privacy no matter what you do or where you do it." She flashes a bright smile, then nods to Damien. "Our members understand discretion." It is the first time that I realize she knows who we are. And that Damien has been here before.

I glance sideways at him, but he only shrugs. If I want answers, I'm going to have to wait, because we are already on the move and we are following our hostess to the dressing room, women on the left of the plush joint sitting area, men on the right.

She smiles, nods, then leaves.

"I was wondering how you found this place," I say. "But I guess a member would know where it is."

"Renewed member," he says, not at all perturbed by the green fire of jealousy that has crept into my voice. "It's been years since I've been here, but I called yesterday and reinstated my membership."

"Oh." I tell myself I'm not going to ask, but then I completely ignore my own sound advice. "Who did you come with?"

"Carmela," he says, referring to the bitch of an Italian supermodel he dated many years ago.

"Oh." I swallow. "And about that couples thing. Did you, um, share?"

"I did," he says. He takes two long steps to end up right in front of me. Gently, he cups my chin, then kisses me so sweetly it almost makes me cry. "Why wouldn't I? She wasn't mine."

His words soothe me more than I want to admit. "I don't like thinking that there were other women before me," I admit, though I know it is a foolish thought because Damien Stark is about the furthest thing from a monk on the planet.

"There weren't," he says. "There may have been women-they may have even shared my bed-but there was no one before you."

I nod, still feeling foolish, but also incredibly happy. I wipe a tear away with the edge of my thumb.

He tells me to go change-"not naked; I don't intend to share even the sight of you"-and to meet him back in this sitting room.

I do, returning in a sarong, and more than happy to find him with a towel wrapped around his waist, the bulge at his crotch making it more than evident that he is ready for whatever delights are on the agenda.

He leads me through a space with couches and chairs and people in various states of undress, all touching and stroking and teasing. I'm not sure what the etiquette is here, but I can't stop looking. Damien sees me, and pulls me back into an alcove, one of many in this room, and clearly set back for this very purpose. There is, in fact, a small curtain that can be pulled across the opening, turning it into a small but private space, almost like a little dressing room.

"Have you ever watched other people make love?" Damien asks.

I shake my head. "No. I mean, yes. Some porn, but that's different."

"It is," he says. He stands behind me, so that we are in the shadows and I am looking out over the room. Hands stroking. Lips meeting. I don't know why, but watching these strangers makes my own temperature rise.

"I don't want them," I say, as Damien cups my breasts through the thin material of the sarong. "I don't want anyone's touch but yours."

"But it turns you on," he whispers, and I nod.

"Why?" I ask.

"They're a mirror. You see passion on their faces and you want it. You see the burn of heat on their skin, and you want to feel it. You hear them cry out when they come, and you want to go there, too."

"Yes," I moan, as the truth of what he says washes over me. I've never thought I had any voyeuristic tendencies, but watching these people-their hands stroking slick skin, their mouths meeting-is like kindling to the fire already growing inside me. "God, yes."

I lean back against Damien, feeling the press of his erection against my rear. His fingers tighten on my nipples and I cry out, the cry shifting to a desperate moan as his other hand snakes down to my crotch. "Please," I say. "Touch me."

"Are you sure?" he asks, and I hear the hard edge of want in his voice.

I nod. I do not want to be the one being watched, but I so desperately want to feel. "The shadows," I say. "And the sarong is open at the side." No one will be able to see, I tell myself. But the truth is, I'm not sure I care anymore if they do.

The slit in the sarong is over my hip, but Damien turns it so that it is over my thigh, just barely covering my sex. He slips his hand under the material and strokes me. I bite down on my lower lip to keep from crying out. I am so hot, so sensitive, that I fear I will explode right there in his hand.

"Nikki, oh, god, baby." He uses the hand that was on my breast to pull my sarong up from the back.

I know I should protest-but I don't want to. I want the thrill. I want Damien. I want him to fuck me in this dark corner with this cornucopia of sex spread out in front of us. I want the wildness.

I want it all.

"Yes," I say, and lean forward so that I can hold on to the edge of the alcove. I yank the curtain partly closed-a nod to privacy-but I do not want to block our view.

I am still wearing the sarong, and Damien is behind me, so I know that we have some privacy, but when Damien grips my hips and thrusts himself inside me-when I cry out from the delicious intensity of taking him in and having him pound hard inside me-I know that anyone who looks toward us must know exactly what we are doing.

I don't care.

All I want is Damien.

All I want is to feel, and I reach around, taking his hand off my hip and easing it into the sarong, silently demanding that he stroke my clit even as he fucks me from behind.

"Don't close your eyes," Damien demands, and I don't. Instead I watch. Passion watching passion. Heat locked onto heat.

He teases my clit as his cock fills and strokes me. He is working me into a frenzy, and his touch combined with the surroundings pushes me over the edge so hard and so fast that I am certain that without Damien to hold me up, I will tumble and fall to my knees.

As the orgasm blasts through me, my body milks him, muscles clenching in a desperate need that takes him the rest of the way, and he explodes into me, his hands closing tight on my shoulders as he cries my name.

He closes the curtain then, and I turn in his arms, then melt into his touch, into his kisses.

"I love you," he says.

"I know," I say, then snuggle closer. I am content. And right at the moment, I'm not feeling domestic at all.

We stay a bit longer, enjoying the sauna and the hot tub. Making love slowly in a pirate-themed private room where I let Damien take me captive and then ravage me. It is late when we leave, and I am feeling well-used and wonderful.

"How did you know?" I ask as we exit onto the sidewalk. "How did you know I would like it?"

"How do you think?"

I stay silent; we both know the answer. Because Damien knows me as well as I know myself. And as far as I am concerned, that is a glorious feeling.

I take his hand and pull him to a stop, then lift myself up to kiss him, planning a soft buss, and then laughing as he captures me long and slow and deep.

A bright light flashes, turning the world inside out, and it takes me a second to realize that the light came from the flash of a camera. It is followed in quick succession by a lightning storm of flashes, and I stumble backward, realizing only after the fact that Damien has pushed me aside.

Damien is in the street, and his fist slams hard into the photographer's face even as I process the words that have been hanging over my head like a cartoon bubble since the first flash went off-"Fucking A. Stark pays for her, then he shares her."

The accent is heavily British, and when I see the multiple cameras around the guy's neck as he stumbles backward, his nose a bloody mess, I realize that he is a celebrity chaser from one of Britain's tabloids.

I don't even have time to feel sick before I see Damien lunge for the guy.

"Damien, no!" I shout, but my words come too late. Damien grabs the guy by the shirt front and pulls him back. He seems to hesitate, and then instead of breaking the guy's face, he grabs one of the cameras and breaks that instead.

"Get the fuck out of here." His words are low and very, very dangerous, and it's obvious that the photographer knows that. He turns, then breaks into a run. I grab hold of Damien's shirt, afraid that he will run after him.

"It's over," I say, breathing hard and starting to shake. "Just stop. It's over."

But even as I say the words, I know that it is a long, long way from over.

Chapter 11

"I'm sorry," Damien says in the taxi on the way back to the Hotel Margaritte.

"For not stopping? For breaking his camera?" I make a face. "It's okay, really. I don't give a fuck about him. I just don't want you to get in trouble."

"Not for that," Damien says. "For bringing you here."

It takes me a moment to understand what he's talking about. "You mean to Paris? To the club?" I tighten my grip on his hand. "Damien, that's ridiculous."

"Is it?" His words are tight. Clipped. "I almost canceled this entire trip after I saw your face in Mexico. How much you enjoyed the beach, the solitude."

I remember the shadows I had seen on his face when we had talked about leaving the resort, and everything falls into place.

"And then to bring you to a city crawling with press-to put you back in that spotlight," he continues. "And worse, to take you to that club. It was like opening a damn door for every lowlife asshole-"

"No." I press a finger over his lips. "I love Paris," I said. "And dear god, Damien, I loved going to A la Lune with you." I remember the way he'd touched me, the over-the-top eroticism of feeling Damien inside me while we watched those strangers and knowing that we were just as exposed. "And there was no way you could predict that some asshole with a camera-"

"Couldn't I? There's always some asshole with a camera, Nikki. It's part of the package. The cameras and all the shit in my past. It's all there, and I'm so goddamn sorry that it's part of your life now."

"Damien, it's okay," I say fiercely. "I don't want to be cloistered, and I don't need to be. You take me places-in the world, inside myself-and I don't want you to stop."

I see something that looks like hope on his face, but then it fades, replaced by both anger and regret. "At the very least I should be able to give you a respite on our honeymoon."

"No." My voice is hard. Firm. "Dammit, Damien, don't you get it? I don't want to escape your life. I love you. All of that shit, it's just part of the man you became."

"Fertilizer?"

I roll my eyes. "I'm serious. You're a whole package, Damien. And maybe I don't have warm and fuzzy feelings for the paparazzi, but I do love you. And that makes it easier to put up with them. You know that," I add, feeling just a little panicked, because he does know that. "I've told you that over and over. Don't you know I mean it?"

Damien, however, doesn't answer, and my throat is thick with tears as I look into his eyes. This is about more than the paparazzi, I realize. I may not like them, but I'm getting used to them, and Damien damn well knows it.

I frown at him. "What aren't you telling me?"

He is silent for a moment, and when he does speak, my chest is so tight that I am certain I have forgotten how to breathe.

"Sofia," he says. "She's the one behind the bullshit lawsuit."

"How the hell do you know that?"

"My lawyers managed to trace it back. That's what Sylvia texted to tell me earlier. I was going to tell you later. I didn't want to spoil Paris." He makes a rough sound in the back of his throat. "So much for that."

He runs his fingers through his hair. "At any rate, it's been shut down, and her attorney knows how he was duped. But she started it. She's behind it. Because she wanted to fuck with you."

I'm still trying to take it all in. "I-I don't understand."

"WiseApp? Try WiseAss." There's anger and hurt in his voice. "Goddamn her."

"She's messed up," I say, though the words are hard to choke out. I can't help but remember what she said to me-that Damien didn't love me, that I should give him up and turn to a blade to ease my pain.

I force myself to bite back the fury. It's useless now. Because she is sick, and all her antics are doing is hurting Damien now. Damien, and me.

I rest my hand on his leg. "It's not your fault."

"She should be in a facility that doesn't allow her access to the internet or telephones. She's got someone pulling strings for her. She's too damn smart; too damn manipulative."

"It was only a nuisance," I say, though it was a hell of a lot more than that. "You've put an end to that bullshit lawsuit before it could get really bad."

He turns to face me square on. "And how bad is too bad, Nikki? Everywhere we turn, my past is reaching out to hurt you." He twines his fingers in my hair, and I wince, remembering when I took the scissors and violently chopped it off. He slides his hand down to cup my thigh, and I force myself not to cry as I think of the scars-of the times when the paparazzi, the shit with Sofia, and all the other crap has brought me so close to cutting. I shiver, but I shake my head.

"But I haven't," I whisper. "I haven't because of you. You're my strength, Damien. You know that."

"And your dream?" he asks, and I have to force myself not to shudder with the memory of it.

Instead, I manage a shrug. "Everyone has nightmares. Not everyone is as lucky as I am to have a man like you to soothe them."

His hand closes around my upper arm, his eyes boring straight into mine with the kind of heated ferocity that makes me breathless. "There is no fire I wouldn't walk through for you, Nikki. But that doesn't mean I want you to burn, too."

"I already burn for you, Damien. Of course I'll burn with you, too."

For a moment, his grip tightens so much that I almost wince. Then he pulls me violently toward him, and his mouth is hard against mine. His palm is at the back of my head, his fingers twined tight in my hair. Our teeth clash, his tongue invades my mouth, and I want this-this heat, this wildness. I need him to know that I can take it. Him, this life, this place. All of it.

"Do you have any idea how much I love you?" he asks as the taxi pulls to a stop in front of the hotel.

"At least as much as I love you," I reply.

I start to edge toward the door, but Damien's hand stops me. I follow his glance through the window and see the gathering of paparazzi near the entrance, their cameras aimed at us.

Well, hell.

"Go," Damien says, with a firm smack of his palm to the glass divider between us and the driver.

To his credit, our driver continues on, leaving the vultures gaping. He takes us around back and delivers us to the service entrance. The decor is significantly less stunning as we walk through the kitchen and past the laundry, but at least it's a photography-free zone.

We head for the service elevator to take us up to the penthouse, and as we're waiting for it to arrive, Damien pulls out his phone and checks a text message. "Goddammit."

"What?" I ask, but he is too busy opening apps and checking something.

I edge closer to see, and come face-to-face with the image of Damien's hand on my breast, his other inside my skirt. And thank goodness for the shadows, because nothing beneath my skirt is visible. Not that anyone needs to see what we're doing; it's pretty obvious. My face is alight with passion, after all, and the very clear sign for A la Lune glows neon orange behind us. I recognize the image-it's from before we entered the club.

I don't recall making a noise, but I must have, because Damien looks up from his phone, his expression somehow both angry and sad, both cold determination and tender vulnerability.

"No," I say. "This isn't your fault."

"The hell it isn't."

"We're married," I say. "What the hell do we care if it's on Facebook?"

"It's everywhere," he says. "Sylvia says it's gone viral. They'll be dragging out the story about the painting soon, too," he says, referring to the way the press vilified me for accepting a million dollars in exchange for a nude portrait of myself.

My stomach twists, but I tell myself it will be okay. "All that picture shows is that I love you and I want you. That you turn me on desperately. All it will do is make every other woman in the world jealous that I'm the woman in your bed. I can live with that," I add with a sharp thrust of my chin.

"I don't like seeing you exposed," he says. "Especially when I'm the one who exposed you."

"I can deal with it," I say. I don't mention that can deal and want to deal are two entirely different things.

"Doesn't mean you want to," Damien says, effectively reading my mind as always.

We're in the elevator now, and it slides to a stop at our floor. I take Damien's hand and squeeze it lightly. "We'll be fine," I say. "We're together. How can we be anything else?"

His answering smile warms me. Yes, I think as the doors open inside our suite. This will be okay.

And then I see the room.

"Back in the elevator." Damien's voice is hard and dangerous, and he is in front of me in less than a second. I have barely registered the state of the room-all I know is that it is in shambles. Our luggage wide open, our clothes scattered everywhere. We hadn't taken the time to unpack. Apparently someone decided to do it for us.

"Damien-"

"In," he says, backing me in, then jamming his finger on the button to close the elevator door before pressing the button to ring security.

"I think they're gone," I say. "Whoever did that to our room, I think they're gone."

"I'm not taking chances with you. Come here. You're shaking."

I fall into his outstretched arms and burrow close as he wraps me tight against him.

When the elevator doors open on the ground floor, we are met by hotel security. A team has gone up in the main elevator already, we are told. We wait, and I can see from the tightness in his cheek and the stiffness of his body that waiting is not sitting well with Damien. He wants to be up there. He wants to know what is happening. He wants action. And the only reason that he is not already in full motion is because of me.

Static bursts from a walkie-talkie, followed by a string of French much too fast for me to catch even a single word. The guard responds, looks at Damien, then at me. "The perpetrator is no longer in your room," he says in clear but formal English. "We cannot at this time determine what is missing other than the ... intimates."

"Intimates?" I repeat.

He clears his throat. "It appears that whoever broke into your suite took intimate apparel. Underwear, bras." His nose goes a bit pink and he makes a point not to look at me. "There may be more, of course, but ..."

Damien stands beside me, rigid with fury. As for me, I don't know if I'm going to laugh or cry. I think the laughing will win, but I'm not sure if that's humor or hysterics.

No one speaks as we return to the room. When we arrive, we see that our things have been stacked neatly. The order doesn't lessen the feeling of having been violated.

"How did this happen?" Damien says, his words sharp and clipped. I know what he means, and it is clear that both the guard and the hotel manager who have joined us also understand the unspoken part of Damien's question-how the hell did someone get into our room in a hotel of this caliber with the kind of security that Damien demands when he travels.

"I assure you, Mr. Stark, we will be interviewing staff throughout the night, and will have answers for you by morning."

By morning, I am certain, our underwear will be all over eBay. I catch Damien's eye and see that his expression mirrors my own. Fuck.

"In the meantime, if there is anything that you require-"

"Privacy," Damien says, and the manager is astute enough to know that now is the time to stop with the platitudes and just get the hell out of there.

Damien's facade remains intact until the manager and his staff leave. The perfect embodiment of a wealthy man who is very put out. Only I see the volcano boiling beneath, and as soon as the elevator doors have closed behind them, Damien picks up a decorative metal bowl and hurls it across the room to shatter the huge mirror that hangs behind the dining table.

As it breaks apart, I release a breath I have been holding. I do not begrudge him his anger. On the contrary, I want to toss a bowl myself. Except I don't. Not really. What I want is to fall to the ground. What I want is to grasp one of those shards. What I imagine is the sting of glass against flesh-and dammit, I don't want to feel that or imagine that or be that girl. And yet there it is, laid cold and harsh all because the paparazzi are fucking with us and Sofia is a stone-cold bitch.

"No."

Damien's voice seems to reach me through a tunnel. It starts far away and then it is right beside me. The voice and the man. I am standing still, a bit shell-shocked, and suddenly his hands are on my arms. He spins us around until my back is against the wall and his mouth is on mine.

One hand slides between my legs, cupping my sex through the material of my skirt. Not sensual, but hard. Demanding.

Wild.

And I am just as wild as Damien.

I yank my skirt up, and he never once breaks our kiss. As his fingers thrust deep inside me, his mouth bruises mine and his other hand closes tight on my breast. So tight that it is not just trails of pleasure that shoot from my breast all the way down to my clit, but pain, white-hot and familiar.

Damn me, I want more. I want it hard. I want to spin off into an away place-and I want Damien as the tether to bring me back.

Damien, I know, needs that, too. He needs to dominate, to regain control.

And I need-god help me-I need the pain to get centered.

"Yes," I say, and that one word is like a trigger. I feel his muscles tense, his body tighten, both with need and with trepidation.

"Nikki." He backs off, the increased distance almost imperceptible, but to me it is a dangerous gulf.

I pull him back. "Yes," I repeat. "You need it. And so do I." I meet his eyes, knowing that he understands the depth of my craving. The extent of my need. Knowing also that I understand that he needs this just as much as I do. "You're the only one who can take me there."

"And the only way you will ever go there." His voice is harsh and firm, but he is right. I will never turn to the blade again. I don't need it. I have Damien.

I do not respond; I don't have to. Whatever fears he had about my need have been either soothed or overwhelmed by his own desire. By his need to lash out and grasp firm to the strands of our life that have been whipped into a frenzy, spinning wildly out of control.

I am those threads, and by claiming me, he can take back that control. And I-I can find the center that I crave, lost in the storm that is Damien.

My dress buttons up the front and I hadn't bothered to replace the belt when we'd dressed at the club. Without warning, Damien clutches the material and rips the dress open. I gasp as buttons fly, then suck in air as he turns me around, then pulls the garment free, tossing it negligently aside before turning me around again and thrusting two fingers roughly inside me.

I arch my back, my mouth open in a moan, and I grind down on his hand, wanting him to fill me.

He withdraws, pinching my clit and sending shocks of pain colored as pleasure racing through me.

I gasp, overwhelmed by this new sensation, then cry out in surprise when he lifts me up and carries me to the sofa, bending me over the back. I start to put my arms down to balance, but he is having none of that. "Behind your back," he says, and I use my right hand to clasp the wrist of my left. It is uncomfortable; I feel unbalanced. But I know that is how he wants me to feel. Unbalanced, shaky, off-center. Because if I am not, how can he make me whole again? He stands behind me, and I hear the metallic glide of his zipper as he strips, then feel the warm press of his hand on my ass, stroking, exploring, teasing. He slides it down slowly, sensually, then finds my core, so wet and ready for him.

"Is this what you want?" he whispers. "Do you want my fingers inside you? Stretching you, playing with you? Do you want me to fuck you, Nikki? Do you want me to take us both over the edge?"

I do-but that is not all that I want, and Damien knows it. I say nothing.

"Tell me," he says, bending over me so that I feel the warmth of his skin over my rear and over my arms as his weight presses them down into my back. I could stay like that forever, warm and enveloped within him. But he asks the question again, his lips now brushing my ear so that his voice makes me shiver. "Tell me, Nikki. Tell me what you need."

"You know," I say, because I do not want to put it into words. I do not want to crave what I do-to need the pain to drive me back to center. But he already knows, because he understands me as well as he understands himself. "Please."

"You are mine." The words are a whisper, so soft I can barely hear them and yet those three words crash through me, full of love and hope and longing. "Mine," he repeats, louder this time as he stands up, breaking that contact between us and leaving me longing for the warmth of his touch again. "Mine," he says as his hand comes down sharply against my ass, sending hundreds of fiery pinpricks through me to gather between my thighs.

"Mine," he repeats, as his palm strokes my ass, soothing before rising again to spank me over and over, the sting building inside, the fire of contact shooting out like lightning, making me cry out even as I focus on it, grabbing hold and pulling it back in, taking it over so that it is not the pain that controls me, but me that controls the pain.

"Mine," he repeats as my body lights up with sensation and desire. He moves closer, his cock pressing against my rear as he spreads my legs and strokes my core, the touch sending shock waves rippling across my skin. "I take care of what's mine," he says, the words spilling over me as he thrusts hard and fast inside me.

I cry out as my body welcomes him, tightening around him to draw him deeper. But this isn't slow and easy. This is hard and fast, and he pulls out, then slams into me again, our bodies coming together in a violent impact that sends me spiraling up out of myself.

He holds my hips tight with one hand, the other reaching around to stroke my clit as he pounds relentlessly into me. He is using me, and I am using him, and together we are leading each other through this horrific forest that has grown up around us.

I can feel everything inside me-everything inside him-and it builds and builds until the explosion is inevitable, and I know that if we were to explode like this without each other, we would be lost.

But Damien and I are each other's bread crumbs, and we will always lead each other back.

After, he pulls me gently to the ground. I lay on my back and look up at him as he strokes my face and then gently, so gently, enters me again. He is no longer controlling me, but controlling himself, and I submit willingly, letting him go where he needs, and letting him take me with him.

I close my eyes, lost in the sweetness as he moves in soft and subtle motions, letting my pleasure build slowly and gently until it breaks over both of us, not an explosion this time, but a gentle rainfall that washes all the harshness away.

With a sigh, I curl up beside him on the floor, my body pressed against his. "How is it that you can make my world so right even when everything is going wrong?"

"Because you love me," he says. "And I love you. That is our talisman, our charm. We may still break a little, you and I. But so long as we are together, neither of us will shatter."

I close my eyes and breathe deeply, because he is right. With Damien, I will always be made whole.

We lay there in silence until I cannot stand it any longer. "What are you going to do?" I finally ask.

"The news will have leaked," he says. "Even if no bra or panty shows up on eBay, already the tabloids have heard. We'll be the story of the moment, for however long the moment lasts."

"Add in the picture of us outside the club and you taking a swing at that photographer ..." I trail off. I don't really need to go on.

"Do you want to stay?"

"Yes," I blurt, then immediately say, "No." I grimace. "I want Paris," I admit. "And I meant what I said before-the scrutiny and the photographers all come with the package. I'm your wife, Damien, and I will handle whatever I have to handle because I will never give you up. But-"

"I know," he says. "And the truth is, if my money can't buy us an escape, then what the hell is it good for?"

I prop myself up on an elbow to squint at him, wondering where he is going with this.

"I can't make the social media blasts go away," he says. "And I can't shoo away the photographers. I can't even promise it will be better the next time we come. But what I can do is make it better now."

His words are like a soothing balm, swathing me with hope.

"Will you trust me to make it right?" he asks, his eyes fixed on mine. He says nothing else, and I know that this man who single-handedly rules an empire is leaving this to me.

"You're my breath," I say, telling him what he already knows. "You're the beat of my heart. You are the essence of me. And I will always trust you."

Chapter 12

I push my windswept hair out of my eyes and take the captain's hand. He is a huge man, his coffee-colored skin slick with sweat. His smile flashes a hint of gold as he helps me from the boat to the unstable, floating dock that shifts beneath me as I step onto the weathered wood.

Damien follows, then pauses long enough to pay the man and thank him for bringing us over.

"I be bringing your staff, too, you just say the word, mon."

"No staff," Damien says. "Not this trip. But I'll radio when we need you to come back for us." He splays his hand against my back, and I can almost feel his thoughts in the pressure of his fingers. Alone. Together. Paradise.

I turn my head to smile at him. That sounds like heaven to me.

The captain returns to his little boat as Damien and I step from the dock to the white sand. I am wearing shorts and a tank top. My feet are bare. The captain unloaded our luggage onto the dock, but we leave it there for the time being, too intent on exploring this wide-open, nearly wild island in the Bahamas.

The sand is warm beneath my feet, and Damien and I walk across it to the water's edge. There are barely any waves; instead, the turquoise water sits as still as a painting, wide-open and vibrant and never-ending, this fabulous tableau broken only by the silhouette of similar small islands in the distance.

Behind us, the sand rises toward a line of vegetation, and I see a rustic path cut through the brush. I follow it with my eyes and can just make out a small stone house.

"That's the only structure," Damien says. "It needs a bit of fixing up, but it's perfectly livable. The cay is seven acres of undeveloped wilderness and pristine beaches. And there's not a soul here other than us."

"You really bought it?" I'm still in awe.

"I really did."

I wade out until the warm water hits me just below the knees, then look back at him with a grin. "I thought you didn't impulse-buy real estate."

"I don't. But you have a way of shifting my priorities and undermining my equilibrium."

"Oh, do I?" I reach down and scoop some water with my hand, flinging it toward him. "Should I apologize?"

"Hell, no," he says, then splashes me right back before taking my hand and tugging me toward him. I laugh and stumble into his arms, then hold on to him as we both tumble to the sand.

Damien is on top of me, and our lighthearted playfulness changes to heated longing as easily as flipping a light switch. Suddenly I am breathing hard, my skin tingling, and my body aware of every point of contact. My blood pounds, and the island noises-the birds, the surf-are muffled by the overwhelming beat of my own heart.

"I bought it for you," he says, his voice rough. "But I was selfish, too."

"How so?"

He is straddling me, and his hips move now, almost imperceptibly, but enough to send sparks through me. "I want to make love to my wife on the beach. I want to walk naked in the surf. I want the freedom to take you anytime, anyplace and know that there are no cameras, no paparazzi. No one watching us. No one paying any attention to us at all."

I nod, too overwhelmed to speak. He did this for me. He bought a freaking island for me. I'm having a hard time wrapping my head around the magnitude of that, and all I can say is what's in my heart. "I love you."

His smile is radiant.

"But how?" I ask. "I mean, how did you find it? It was only last night that we found the room ransacked, and only this morning that we flew to Nassau. Do you keep a list of Really Expensive Places I Might Decide to Buy?"

"Something like that," he says, his lips twitching as his fingers smooth my hair. "I looked at it about six months ago as a potential resort site. I didn't think it worked for that, but I had Sylvia call the agent last night to see if it was still available. It was-and now it's ours."

"It's so much." I can't even imagine how much an entire island must have cost him.

"I promise we can afford it. And what's the point of working hard to build a fortune if you don't enjoy the money once you have it?"

Since I can't argue with that, I don't. Instead, I lean up long enough to hook my arms around his neck and pull him even closer to me. I meet his eyes, so full of heat and power they rival the sun that beats down on us. "Make love to me, Damien," I whisper, and feel the immediate tightening in his body and the concomitant awakening of my own.

"With pleasure," he says, flashing a sexy Damien Stark smile. Then he claims me with a kiss so bold and hot and deep that it clears my mind completely, erasing everything but this moment and this man and those three simple words that I cling to with such desire and wonder-Mrs. Damien Stark.

Now, on this island, with only the sun and the sky to witness our passion, I lose myself in the pleasure of this man that I married. And, yes, I am content.

