Chapter 1

Daric Carvillius paced his remote Colorado mountain home with a heavy sigh, plagued by overwhelming fatigue. Although he was the Prince of the Vampire Healers, he still had some of the same characteristics of an average vampire healer, and he hated to feed. Unfortunately - due to his royal blood, power and strength - Daric actually needed blood more often than the average healer, and his feelings of revulsion at performing the necessary function were much more powerful than that of other vampire healers. Recoiling instinctively from the act of taking blood from a human without consent, Daric put off the inevitable as long as possible, delaying until he could barely function.

Plowing his way to the kitchen, Daric rifled through the contents of his refrigerator, hoping to calm his urgency for blood with ordinary human food. It wouldn't entirely work, but it would at least keep him occupied with something pleasurable. After he had left Liam's party, the gnawing emptiness had consumed him, leaving him with nothing to occupy himself, nothing to think about except the pain caused by lack of feeding and the void of loneliness that had haunted him for the last millennium.

He'd interfered in Liam's mating, something that was definitely frowned upon in vampire circles, but who was going to tell him to do otherwise? He was a Carvillius, Prince Daric, the last of vampire royalty. He'd stopped giving a shit about what he should and shouldn't do long ago, doing as he damn well pleased...and he had chosen to help Liam. Daric answered to no one but himself, and Liam had needed to be kicked in the ass before the boy did something incredibly stupid.

Had to. The dumbass was about to screw up the first chance that a vampire healer had been given to mate in over a millennium.

Like it or not, Daric had to admit that his healers needed mates.

Scowling as he pawed through old bread, moldy cheese and a few unidentifiable leftovers, Daric conceded that he had helped Liam for reasons other than the fact that a vampire healer finding his mate was a monumental event. Honestly, although the boy could be annoying, Daric liked Liam. He admired the healer's dedication, his willingness to sacrifice for his people. Liam deserved a woman if that was what he wanted, and the boy had gotten a good female in Regan.

Maybe it will help a little with the guilt.

"Fuck! There isn't a damn thing to eat in this house!" His voice boomed through the massive home, echoing back at him, nothing more than a failed attempt to drown out his thoughts.

Hell yeah, he felt guilty. Always had. Always would. He just didn't want to be reminded of it. Part of the reason vampire healers had a difficult time finding a mate rested on Daric's shoulders, his fault for not getting to his father before the ancient vampire healer became mentally unsound and dangerous. If he had just gotten there a few minutes earlier, he might have prevented his grief-stricken father from performing an act that would ultimately harm his people, leaving Daric with a bunch of unhappy vampire healers to deal with on a daily basis. Daric was a second son, an unnecessary and useless prince. His father had never had much use for his second-born, his whole life revolving around his heir, Nolan.

Daric Carvillius was now alone, completely alone, his entire family taken away in moments over a thousand years ago, his people suffering because he had failed to stop his father, because Nolan's intended mate had favored another. There had been a Carvillius as King of the Vampire Healers forever, but that tradition was ending. Daric refused to take the title that had belonged to his father, with Nolan next in line as the heir.

I was never meant to be King. I don't want to be King.

As far as Daric was concerned, the title of King of the Vampire Healers could die out, because he wasn't taking that mantle, had refused to do so for the last thousand years. He barely tolerated being a lone prince. He would always watch over his people, do his duty as the last surviving member of the royal family, but he wanted nothing to do with the title of King that came with the responsibility. What good was the title? It hadn't protected Nolan, heir to the Kingdom, who had been brought down by a selfish, insane female. And it certainly hadn't saved his father from madness. No, the title of King had belonged to his father and should now be Nolan's. Since they were both dead, the title would die with them.

Daric slammed the door of the refrigerator, irritated that he hadn't stopped for food. Problem was, his duties didn't leave him with time to shop, and the food that he conjured tasted like shit. He was rarely at home except to sleep, spending all of his time trying to protect his fellow healers from their own stupidity. Vampire healers had more power than an average vampire, and they didn't always use it wisely. Daric was forced to intervene whenever one of them stepped over the line, which was far too often. His powers as a prince were no match for the average healer.

Frowning as he dug his cell phone out of the pocket of his jeans, Daric hoped that Liam finding his mate was a sign that more and more of the healers would start finding mates. Most of the unrest among vampire healers was due to a lack of female influence - a realization that they were unlikely to ever be blessed with a mate.

Scrolling through his list of numbers, Daric punched the one he sought, so hard that he nearly broke the phone.

Don't know why anyone would want that sort of blessing. Females are really nothing but trouble. Why my fellow healers think they need one is beyond me.

It had been a very long time since Daric had experienced the pleasures of sex, but he didn't think he really missed it. And he certainly didn't think it would be worth the trouble of having a meddling, whiny female around all the time.

Unfortunately, his vampire healers apparently still remembered the pleasures of the flesh, and seemed to be willing to tolerate the discomfort of having a female around just for the sake of having sex.

Daric shook his head as he waited impatiently for someone to answer his call. If females would help his unruly lot of male vampire healers behave, Daric didn't care if every single one of them found a female.

As long as it doesn't happen to me! The last thing Daric wanted was a goddamn female to add to his list of things that irritated him, which, unfortunately, was a pretty damn long list. Watching over an irksome woman would probably send him over the edge.

Finally, after about the twentieth ring, a female voice answered Daric's call.

"Temple's Pizza, how can I help you?"

"I need a delivery. And I don't want to wait forever." Daric's voice was rough, his intense hunger for something other than food making him cranky. Okay...crabbier than usual, since his normal behavior was less than angelic most of the time.

"I'm sorry, sir, but my delivery person is gone for the evening because of the storm." The female voice sounded weary.

Fuck! He ordered from Temple's often, and they had never had a problem delivering, even when it was snowing. If they did, they would never deliver because it snowed all the damn time during the winter in this remote area. His home and the tiny town about three miles away, in a far-flung area of the Rocky Mountains, rarely saw a day without snow in the winter at this elevation.

"I'll pay. Five hundred bucks extra to anybody you can find to deliver. In addition to the cost of the food. And I need a lot of food." Actually, he needed blood, and Daric didn't want to waste energy going to retrieve human food. His reserves were low; he'd waited way too long. After his day sleep, he'd be forced to immediately find an unsuspecting blood donor, his need finally overcoming his revulsion. Until then, he was hoping that gorging on pizza and bread sticks would take the edge off the gnawing hunger that was making his gut burn, his gums ache with stabbing pain, and his fangs want to burst free from confinement.

The phone line was silent, but Daric could hear the woman breathing. He clenched his fingers around the phone, fighting the urge to give the woman a push, a slight mental compulsion to obey his demands. As a prince of the vampire healers, there was very little that Daric wasn't capable of doing with his magic. However, doing anything other than feeding, like taking away free will from another being, came with a price. The pain wouldn't be anything like the backlash he suffered whenever he was forced to take the life of a fallen, but it wouldn't be pleasant in his weakened state. And, his f**king noble conscience would plague him later, beating at him for doing something that he would definitely have chastised one of his healers for doing. Having royal blood could be a real bitch sometimes.

"I'll find someone." The woman's breathy answer was barely audible.

Daric didn't recognize the voice, though he thought he had probably spoken to everyone who worked at Temple's . God knew he called there often enough. "I need ten extra-large pizzas with everything. No fish. No fruit." Daric shuddered. There wasn't much he wouldn't eat, but there was something criminal about putting pineapple or tiny fish on a perfectly good pizza.

"Must be some party." The female's comment was muttered in a low voice, too quiet for a human to hear.

But Daric wasn't human, and he grumbled, "No party. I'm hungry."

"Sorry...I...sorry." She sounded distressed, embarrassed that Daric had responded to her personal observation. "I'll get those out to you as soon as possible," the woman answered in a louder, more professional voice.

"I'm not done." Did she think that was all he wanted? He had told her he was hungry . "I need ten orders of bread sticks with plenty of dipping sauce." He paused before asking, "And those little chocolate desserts. I want ten of those."

"Is this a joke? Who is this?" The voice on the line sounded exasperated.

A joke? The damn human female was mocking him? "I am Daric Carvillius." Who did she think she was messing with? Nobody screwed around with his food.

"Shit! I'm sorry, Mr. Carvillius. I should have known. My name is Hannah. I don't take orders very often." Her answer was immediate and remorseful.

Okay. That was more like it. Daric wasn't so sure that the cursing was appropriate, but at least the woman was properly contrite. "Just get it here. Fast."

"As quickly as possible, Mr. Carvillius."

Daric disconnected the call, shoving his phone back into his pocket with a heavy sigh.

Dragging his depleted body into the living room, he threw his massive bulk onto the couch, trying not to think about how desperately he needed blood. Compulsion and revulsion were constantly at war, revulsion almost always winning, until a vampire healer absolutely had to feed. At that point, compulsion took over and the healer fed, hating the act, but compelled by a force stronger than the foul distaste he felt when taking blood. Eventually, need would always win, forcing the healer to act.

Daric was pushing that fine line, his need growing stronger than his morals.

Fuck! It was going to be a long night.

Chapter 2

Damn it!

Hannah Temple slammed the phone back into the cradle on the wall, brushing it absently with the towel in her hand to remove the flour that now coated the entire telephone, a result of her grabbing at it without removing the pizza dough from her hands before answering the call.

"I should have just let it ring," she muttered to herself, glancing out of the window of the empty restaurant, seeing nothing but blowing snow, wondering what had possessed her to agree to this order and the delivery.

Money. You could use the money and Temple's needs the business of Daric Carvillius. You can't afford to turn down that kind of cash or piss off Temple's best customer.

Stripping off her contaminated disposable gloves, she tossed them into the trash with an exhausted sigh, yearning for a hot bath and a good book.

Not happening, Hannah. You have a huge order to fill and deliver.

Walking slowly to the door of the small eatery, Hannah flipped the sign to Closed. It was nearly closing time, and she didn't really expect to see another customer, but she might as well make it official. It was going to take her a very long time to finish this order, and then deliver it outside of town. If she could even make it to the Carvillius home. Her old truck was a workhorse, but it wouldn't matter if the mountain roads were filled with more snow than any vehicle could handle. Hannah wasn't sure how much snow had fallen throughout the day and evening. She had been too busy working the restaurant to notice, most of her staff either out with the flu or unable to make it down the rural roads and into the tiny town of Temple. The small village had been named after one of her ancestors, a man responsible for establishing the community. The pizzeria was nearly a historical landmark, a business that had been started by her grandfather in his youth. Hannah's father had learned from her grandfather, running the business as it had always been run, keeping tradition alive. Now, unfortunately, the business was in the hands of Hannah-the-Clueless, a woman totally unprepared for the challenge of keeping the business efficient and thriving.

I should have closed today, not tried to run the restaurant with almost no help.

It wasn't as if the little pizzeria was incredibly busy, but she had been steadily working since lunch, and her leg was aching.

Hannah sighed as she walked back to the kitchen, pulling dough from the refrigerator and plopping it on the preparation counter, returning a second time as she contemplated the number of pizzas she needed to fill the order. She gathered what she needed, her hand occasionally straying to her right thigh, rubbing the aching muscles, and trying to put most of her weight on her left leg to take the stress from her right knee.

What the hell am I doing here? I don't know how to run a business. I don't belong here. I should have closed Temple's when Dad passed away.

Tears filled her eyes, and she willed them not to fall, swiping the back of her hand across her eyes in frustration. Her father had only been dead for eight months, and Temple's was already faltering, slowly losing the character and efficiency it had known under her father's nurturing hand.

I need you, Dad. I miss you so much.

Pain lanced through Hannah's chest, barely dulled by the time that had passed since her father's death from an unexpected fatal heart attack.

Probably caused by my selfishness.

Washing her hands and gloving back up, she started on the crusts for the pizzas, shaking her head at her foolishness. Rationally, she knew her father had been taken from her early by heart disease, but it didn't stop her from hating herself for stressing him more than she should have, by not being here in Temple to help him with his business. Had she been a better daughter, she would have been here instead of Vail, helping her father instead of indulging herself in her love of downhill skiing and catering to a man who would never love her as much as he loved himself.

Her career as a member of the ski patrol and ski instructor had ended a year ago, when her fiance had crashed his SUV on the freeway early one snowy morning, both of them on their way to the slopes for a day of training. Hannah had never blamed Mark for what had happened. It hadn't been his fault that the impact had occurred on her side of the vehicle, mangling her right leg and requiring multiple surgeries just to get her walking again. However, she couldn't help but hate the bastard for dumping her, dropping her like a hot potato when she was no longer, able to ski no longer capable of hitting the slopes with him to admire his skills and sigh over every expert maneuver he made. Mark was an Olympic hopeful, and he had replaced Hannah with a brainless little blonde ski bunny once Hannah was no longer useful to his image or his massive ego.

Couldn't have a limping woman on his arm, could he? It wouldn't look good on camera.

Hannah pounded the dough harder, wishing it was Mark's face. Oh, she didn't delude herself anymore that she loved him, but it was galling that she hadn't seen through his superficial facade earlier, to chase her own dreams instead of making his dream her own for eight years. When she and Mark had left Temple at the age of eighteen, Hannah had been an expert skier and Valedictorian of their class, capable of doing great things in the future. Instead, she had worked ski patrol and taught skiing courses to support the two of them while Mark chased his dreams, with Hannah as his greatest supporter. Honestly, she had loved her job as a member of the ski patrol, but she could have done so much more, should have been working on an education instead of waiting for Mark to marry her. Like an idiot, she had waited for years, making excuses to her father that Mark was too stressed, too busy, too exhausted to worry about a wedding. And I was too busy worrying about Mark.

To his credit, her father had never lectured her about Mark. Instead, he had quietly encouraged her to make a life of her own, pursue her education. Looking back, Hannah wondered if her dad had known how things would end with Mark, but had never wanted to push her. Most likely, he had known Mark's true nature, but it wasn't her father's way to interfere, trusting his daughter to figure it out on her own. Now, at the age of twenty-seven, Hannah wasn't even sure what her dreams were anymore.

After spending eight years living Mark's dreams, it was time for her to find out exactly what Hannah wanted. She had spent the last year in and out of the hospital, losing her father four months after her accident, while she was still recovering from her last surgery.

Hannah hadn't been there when her father had died, needing to be closer to a large medical facility to recover. Dad had stayed with her in Denver, taken care of her, only going back to Temple to check on the business. It was during one of those quick visits to Temple that the heart attack had struck, taking him away within moments, leaving Hannah weak and grieving in Denver, while friends looked after the details of his burial here in Temple. She had come home for his funeral, never leaving again since that dark day eight months ago. The local doctor checked her leg, watching for problems or infection. No doubt Hannah would need another surgery in the future, but right now, she was determined to keep her father's memory alive by running Temple's.

Hannah had worked at Temple's with her father as a teenager, but she hadn't been involved in the business since she'd left for Vail at the age of eighteen. She had dived in, tried to learn everything she possibly could about the pizzeria, from bookkeeping to making the items on the menu. She had a good manager, and business was just as good as it ever was, but something was...missing. It was as if nothing could fill the gaping hole that was left in the business since her father had died. His laughter, his jokes, his positive attitude and gentle ownership were gone, leaving the pizzeria just...empty, a shell of what it had once been.

Give yourself time, Hannah. It's only been eight months. The darkness will lighten eventually. Get this damn order done and go home. You can't afford to mess this up. Not with Daric Carvillius.

Hannah shivered as she placed the pizzas in the oven, recalling the low, demanding voice of Temple's most notorious resident. Daric Carvillius was beyond wealthy, living in an enormous mansion outside of town. Nobody really knew the man, but everyone in Temple knew who he was, and there wasn't a single person in town who wanted to piss him off. Hannah wasn't sure if they were in awe of the man...or his money. She'd heard he was a giant, a man who would dwarf her own five-foot-nine height. Personally, she'd never seen him, having left Temple before he moved here, but she had heard tales of his monstrous orders from various small businesses in town, especially the food orders. There wasn't much to choose from as far as restaurants in town, but Mr. Carvillius seemed to prefer Temple's, and Hannah wanted to keep it that way. The business turned a profit, being one of the few eateries in town, but she couldn't afford to screw up with one of her best customers.

How could any one man consume this much food? And why was he offering so much money just for delivery?

She shrugged, preparing the massive orders of breadsticks for the oven, reminding herself to add plenty of sauce to the order. She knew the man was eccentric from the information she had gathered over the months. He placed massive orders like this frequently. And he paid. What did it matter why he did it?

Hannah picked up her pace, working as quickly as she could on her battered leg. Mr. Carvillius had not sounded happy on the phone and she had definitely offended him. She needed to move her ass, try to stay in his good graces.

Obviously, the man was bossy, used to getting his own way. He might have reminded her of Mark...but he didn't. Not in the slightest. Mark was whiny, getting his way by manipulation and guilt. Hannah didn't think that was really Mr. Carvillius's style. He sounded like a man who got his way by complete domination rather than manipulation.

God, his voice was sexy.

He had a low, commanding baritone that had sent tingles of heat throughout her entire body, a voice that meant business, expecting to be obeyed whenever he spoke.

He probably looks like a sumo wrestler if he eats like this!

Slamming one of the ovens closed with her hip, she turned and began to start boxing up food. Somehow, she just couldn't match that voice with the body of a sumo wrestler.

That's because his voice made your panties wet.

Yeah, his voice was most definitely hot. But it wasn't just his voice; it was the strength she sensed behind the voice.

Shaking herself slightly, Hannah forced herself to stop fantasizing about her best customer. Seriously, it was ridiculous to read so much into a sexy voice and domineering tone. The man could be an eighty year old bald guy for all she knew.

Smiling, she began to wrap up the order, her mind more at ease as she pictured a large, sweet old man with a husky voice, waiting for his enormous delivery.

Yeah. Better.

It was so much easier to picture Daric Carvillius in a non-threatening way. And so much safer.

Wiping the memory of that compelling voice from her head, she kept her attention on getting the order correct and keeping Mr. Carvillius's business in the future.

*****

Daric heard the crash over an hour later, the unmistakable sound of twisting metal. He probably shouldn't have noticed it, wouldn't have noticed it if he had been human, the howling wind so loud that it drowned out every other sound. But he was vampire, and he had no problem discerning the disturbing noise that filtered through the battering wind.

He'd been cursing the fact that he had actually called someone to drive through the raging blizzard, an epic storm that he had gleaned information about only after turning on the television to wait for his food. Finally, he had concluded that there was no way someone was coming to deliver. He had basically been waiting for a call from Temple's telling him that they couldn't fill his order or they just wouldn't show.

The area had been pounded with snow throughout the day and evening, visibility almost nil.

Barefoot, dressed in nothing more than a ragged pair of jeans, Daric crashed out his front door, letting loose a string of profanities as he plowed down his front porch.

"Fuck!" He waded through waist-deep snow, disparaging himself for not feeding. He was so f**king weak, so depleted. If he had fed, he could have been to the car right now, teleporting himself there in less than a heartbeat.

"I can't believe someone actually attempted to come way the hell out here. What kind of fool human actually drove the three miles from town to deliver pizza?" he growled, propelling his massive body through the snowdrifts.

Once Daric arrived at his long, winding driveway, the snow was lighter, the wind blowing the powdery flakes toward the accumulations already present in his front yard, forming massive drifts. Still, there was plenty of the white stuff in his driveway, way too much for anyone to be on the roads that were certain to be exactly the same way.

He found the disabled truck in the gully. It looked like the vehicle had slid off his driveway, plunging down about thirty feet head-on into a tree.

Starting the descent on his feet, he ended up on his ass, sliding down the incline until he reached the battered vehicle. He wrenched open the door, hoping the delivery boy was safe, unharmed.

Except, the delivery person was definitely not a boy, and she was out cold. The woman's head was against the steering wheel, her body unmoving. The truck was old, too ancient to have airbags, and the woman had been virtually unprotected except for her seatbelt, which was securely fastened.

Daric unlatched the belt, examining her quickly, finding a gash on the left side of her head, obviously a head versus window impact.

For the first time in his life, Daric felt like a goddamn human, helpless in his weakness, and the feeling infuriated him. What good was he to this woman in his current condition? He put a hand to her wound, resting his palm lightly on her head, using what pathetically small amount of power he had at the moment to assess the damage.

Pain. Loss. Betrayal. Grief. Sorrow.

Her emotions and memories pounded him, causing him to grit his teeth to try to control the bombardment.

"I f**king hate this," he growled, furious that he had very little control over himself at the moment, his weakness making him unable to focus his magic only on her injuries.

Relaxing, he let all of her emotions and memories flow over him, stopped trying to fight them. Strangely, her emotions felt familiar. Only hers were more recent, fresher, and much rawer.

After the initial surge ended, Daric closed his eyes, focusing on her brain, trying to find the cause of her unconsciousness. He saw the crash as it happened, her head flying sideways with the impact, cracking against the window. She had a concussion and a tiny bleed in her brain, just enough that it could become serious. Time was not this woman's friend right now. She needed care.

I brought her out here. I did this to her. I should have called Temple's again. Told them not to send anyone. I just assumed they wouldn't after I heard the weather.

Running his hands over her body, he checked for any other life-threatening injuries, running a hand down her spine to make sure she hadn't suffered any spinal injuries. Humans were so fragile, their lives so finite and short. He didn't want to do anything that could make her injuries worse.

Smoothing the long, dark hair back from her face, Daric noted that the woman was pretty. And young. Probably no older than her mid-twenties. Shoving his hands under her body, he lifted her from the truck, cradling her against his chest, strangely wanting to protect the fragile, human female after experiencing her sorrow, her loneliness and a barrage of other emotions that made her vulnerable.

Daric stood in the snow for a moment, not feeling the cold even though his chest and feet were bare, his legs protected only by denim, a fierce look on his face.

Snow swirled around the two of them, beating at Daric's massive body, but he ignored it, turning his back to the wind to protect the woman in his arms. He lifted a hand and unzipped her pink ski jacket to her br**sts, shoving it aside with a grunt.

I have to do it. No choice.

Daric didn't think about his actions any longer than he had to, knowing that he was doing what he had to do to heal her, his compulsion to heal greater than his repugnance. Letting her head tilt to the side, he lowered his mouth to her delicate neck and let his fangs slide into the soft skin, preparing himself for his initial negative reaction to taking blood.

His body tense, he drank, trying to be as gentle as possible with the injured woman. As he drew her essence, he waited...

And waited...

And waited...

But the revulsion never came. Instead, her warm blood slid over his tongue like the finest wine, making him suck harder, faster, unable to get enough of this woman's taste. She was intoxicating, and his muscles bunched and released, his power surged, building until he was at full-strength, yet still wanting more.

Mine!

Every nerve in his body on fire, Daric closed the punctures on the woman's neck with his tongue, savoring the last drop of blood that lingered on her skin.

Mine!

His heart ready to pound out of his chest, Daric teleported to his bedroom, laying the woman on his bed. One mental command removed her damp clothing and dried her body, replacing the garments with sheets and a heavy quilt to keep her warm. Vanishing his soaked jeans and underwear with his magic, he crawled under the covers, pulling her body against his while his chest heaved in shock and mortification.

His large body shuddered as placed his hand on the female's head. Closing his eyes, he forced himself to concentrate, his palm growing heated as he healed the woman's head injuries in moments.

Opening his eyes, his gaze landed possessively on the woman in his arms. He groaned as she began to stir, her bare thigh rubbing lightly against his engorged cock. His dick was f**king sensitive, but he pushed the sensations aside, his main concern the health of his woman.

My woman. Mine. Fucking Mine.

The woman squirmed, moaning as her eyelids fluttered. The quilt slipped, revealing a mark that Daric already knew existed somewhere on her creamy skin. He just hadn't been sure exactly where it was positioned on her body. There, on her left upper arm, was the royal mark, his royal mark. It was small, no larger than the size of a half dollar, but it was vibrant against her ivory skin, a Celtic knot in a perfect circle that had the Carvillius royal sword over the top of the marking. He turned his arm, looking at the exact same marking on his right forearm. It was vibrant, just like hers, glowing with a brilliance he had never seen before.

This woman belongs to me.

Momentarily forgetting that he never wanted a mate, Daric was swamped with fierce possessiveness, an emotion he had never truly experienced, and it nailed him right in the gut.

He froze as his gaze was compelled back to her face, finding her eyes open and looking at him in complete confusion. Green. Her eyes were the color of the sweeping pastures of the Emerald Isle, and just as stunning, keeping Daric prisoner, completely mesmerized.

Finally, he blinked, only to open his eyes to the same beguiling face, the same ferocious need rolling over his massive body.

Holy Shit!

Like it or not, whether he wanted it or not, Daric Carvillius, Prince of the Vampire Healers, had just found his mate.

Chapter 3

Hannah stared at the formidable male face before her eyes in fascinated horror.

What the hell?

She shook her head slowly, blinking to try to clear her mind. The last thing she remembered was trying to plow her ancient truck through the snow-covered roads to get to Daric Carvillius's place.

I made it. I turned into his driveway.

Barely. She remembered the turn. Her heart started to race as she remembered losing control of the truck on a slippery patch of ice, her panic as she realized there was nothing she could do to stop her truck from plunging down the incline on the right side of the driveway, and then...nothing.

Until she had opened her eyes a few moments ago, seeing this dark-haired male, this dark-eyed savage face in front of her, a face that frankly scared the hell out of her.

Realizing that she was in a bed that was definitely not her own, Hannah started moving backward, trying to scoot away from the man who had her clutched against his massive - really massive - chest. "Where am I?" She tried again to move away, but his enormous, muscular arms tightened around her, not allowing her to move away from him. "What happened?" She knew her voice sounded panicked, but hell, she was panicked, and working on hysterical. A rare occurrence for her, since she'd never been the hysterical type.

I'm naked!

Her bare body rubbed against his, skin to skin, one of his massive legs between hers.

He's naked!

Struggling in earnest, Hannah pushed against his muscular chest, feeling like a fly swatting at an elephant. The man was pure muscle and strength, and she was no match for him, even if she wasn't exactly petite. "Let go. What the hell happened? Why are we naked?" Why are you so aroused? Really, she was more interested in the answer to the last question, the one that she hadn't spoken aloud.

His rock hard member rubbed against her pelvis as she wriggled, trying to get out of his grip.

"Stop!" His command was issued in a harsh voice that obviously expected to be obeyed. "You'll hurt yourself. You were injured. I brought you here. I'm not trying to hurt you, woman."

Oh, God. It was him, the owner of the panty-melting baritone. "Mr. Carvillius?"

"Daric," he replied with a low grunt.

Relief flooded her body and she stopped struggling. "Why are we in bed naked? You can let go of me now. I think I'm all right." She didn't know why in the hell she was here, but she felt fine. Maybe she had been hypothermic and he had needed to get her warm. Obviously he had rescued her. "What happened?"

Hannah pulled away slowly, as the bunched muscles in Daric's arms relaxed. He still looked fierce, and dangerous.

The man behind the voice was just as sexy as his baritone. Daric Carvillius was huge, but he was all muscle, his bulk a mountain of raw power. Hannah nearly salivated as the quilt slipped away from his body, stopping at his hips, uncovering a set of ripped abs like she had never seen before. Her eyes devoured him, drank him in, as she moved slowly away from him on the massive bed.

Definitely not an old man. And he looked anything but sweet.

Mid thirties...maybe, and everything about him was menacing. His black hair was so short it nearly spiked and he had a serious five o'clock shadow, tantalizing dark whiskers that made her want to reach out to stroke his face just to feel the abrasive stubble against her palm.

Clenching her fingers into a fist to overcome the temptation to touch him, Hannah backed away a little more, swearing she could almost feel a pulsating power coming from his body.

"You had a head injury. I healed you." His tone was husky, his eyes never leaving her as they wandered over her face.

Lord, this man is intense. Really intense.

Her ni**les tightened painfully into tiny pebbles, a reaction that had nothing to do with being cold. In fact, she had the sudden compulsion to fan herself. "Are you a doctor?" she questioned, knowing enough from her training for ski patrol that healing a head injury wasn't exactly simple.

"No. I'm a healer." His eyes grew liquid, heated.

Hannah started to pull the sheet from the bed to cover her body. While Daric didn't seem to have any modesty about revealing that hunky form of his, she wasn't comfortable with flashing her body to a stranger. "What sort of healer?" Getting the sheet loose, she wiggled under the quilt, trying to wrap the cotton under her arms and around her body so she could stand.

"I'm a vampire healer. Actually, the Prince of the Vampire Healers," he answered, his tone slightly arrogant, as though he totally believed the insane statement that had popped out of his mouth.

Holy crap!

Hannah sprang out of the bed and turned to gape at him, the sheet completely covering her body. Seriously? Was the guy a little touched? Okay...maybe more than a little...obviously he was completely whacked. A vampire? Oh hell, it was just her luck to end up imprisoned with a lunatic. "Um...that's...uh...nice." Shit. She didn't want to piss him off. He might come unglued. Humor him, Hannah.

His eyes roamed her body, as though he could see beneath the heavy cotton of her hastily-fashioned covering.

"I can. But I'll stop if you want me to," he remarked quietly.

"Stop what?" She shifted uncomfortably, frantically wondering how to deal with an insane man of his incredible size.

"I can see beneath the sheet. But I have to stop if you tell me to. I can't invade your privacy if you ask me to stop. Not without paying the price for doing so. And I'm not crazy. Much." Daric sat up, and the covers slid precariously lower, stopping just short of his groin. "I didn't realize you still suffered from your previous accident. Your leg still pains you." It was a statement rather than a question.

Hannah gasped and turned her back to him.

"That's a nice view too." His voice held a trace of laughter.

Surreal thoughts ran around in her head, fantasy ideas that Mr. Massive really could see her naked body. "Stop. Stop it. You can't convince me that you can actually see me. But if you can, stop it right now. I don't like it. It's intrusive." Had she really just said that? For God's sake, she was going to be losing her mind along with him in a moment.

He took your clothes off. He saw your leg. He absolutely cannot see your body through this heavy cotton.

"Actually, I can. But I've stopped. You're correct. It's rude."

She turned, giving him the evil eye . "Are you trying to convince me that you can read my mind now?" Hannah wasn't sure what other parlor tricks the man was capable of, and she wasn't sure she wanted to know. This was all getting just a little too strange for her. "Where are my clothes?" I need to get the hell out of here!

Hannah limped around the bed, her leg aching more than usual, probably from the stress of the accident. Damn it! Ignoring Daric, she looked under the bed, nearly groaning from the pain as she stretched the muscles in her thigh.

Daric stood, his movement so fast that his form was momentarily blurred.

"I'm a vampire prince. I can read the mind of any being with less power than I have, and since I have more power than any other life form on earth, I can read the thoughts of any living individual, mortal or immortal." He spoke with such command, such confidence, that it made Hannah pause.

Admittedly, the guy emanated power, an enormous amount of strength. She peered up at him, knowing she should be terrified, but she wasn't. Her core flooded with heat as she sighed inwardly at his sharp features and implacable expression, a man so strong that he made her want to sink into his body, be safe in his embrace.

He's a lunatic. He could hurt you. Have some sense of self-preservation, Hannah. Run. Get away.

"I would never harm you, Hannah. You're my mate." His voice was low, seductive, and gentle for a man who could crush her dead with very little effort. Daric cupped her cheek in one of his enormous hands, his dark eyes glowing with an almost eerie light.

Hannah shivered as his hand ran down her neck and to her exposed left arm. She knew she should move, leave, but she couldn't. Her body was momentarily paralyzed, hypnotized by the feel of his fiery hand on her skin.

Caressing her rather large birthmark, he said in a graveled voice, "You wear my mark." He ran his right index finger over her left upper arm, an area that she had always tried to hide because of the blotch marring her skin that had been present since her birth. "It's beautiful."

"It's a birthmark," she whispered, her voice failing her because she was caught up in some sort of magic, some kind of enthrallment.

"It is my marking. You belong to me." He put his left arm around her hips, pulling back enough to hold his right arm out from his body.

Hannah gasped, starring fixedly at his forearm. Dear God! He had the same birthmark. Exactly the same. Except his was sharper, and...glowing.

"Yours looks exactly the same as mine now. It glows and shimmers, the image more pronounced."

She backed away from him, tugging to get free. Stumbling slightly, she escaped because he allowed it, moving until she hit the wall near the door, her face an expression of both horror and astonishment.

This is not possible. He can't be reading my mind. We can't have the exact same mark. He isn't a vampire. Vampires don't exist. They don't. They're a damn myth. Dracula exists only in fiction, movies and books.

Daric prowled after her, moving like a tiger stalking prey. For a large man, he was graceful, stealthy.

"Gah...of course there's no Dracula. Ridiculous legend, and the books and movies are an insult to all vampires. So much f**king drama that it's nauseating. You're in pain. Let me help you."

"Stay away from me." She lifted a hand, trying to keep him at arm's length as he moved closer.

"I can't," he replied, moving close enough to take her extended hand in his and place it on his chest as he pinned her against the wall.

Hannah was enveloped in his heat, surrounded by his strength. Involuntarily, her palm opened over his chest, stroking the hot skin that stretched over his massive chest. "I don't understand what's happening to me," she whispered in a shaky voice, her whole world turned upside down by her reaction to this man, a man who should have had her running from the house screaming, even though they were in the middle of a blizzard.

"You will. I know you're confused right now." His lips nuzzled her temple, and slowly moved lower, savoring the sensitive skin of her neck.

Her neck arched, giving him access, letting him have anything that he wanted. It was as if her body had completely disconnected from her mind, from her common sense. What if he wants my blood? He thinks he's a vampire.

"I've already sampled, and although it's a tempting thought, it's too soon. And I am a vampire healer," he rumbled against her skin, his voice amused.

Kiss me. Touch me. Take me. Please. The simple contact of Daric's warm lips against Hannah's flesh heated her entire body. "How in the hell do you do that?" How is he getting into my thoughts?

As he moved lower, his mouth sliding sensually over the swell of her br**sts, she stopped really caring about anything except those roving lips and his pulsating heat surrounding her.

She shivered as his left hand snaked into the sheet, searching for the opening. Quickly finding what he was seeking, his left hand slipped between the folds of fabric, moving possessively over her right hip. He dropped to one knee in front of her.

Hannah looked down at him through a sensual fog, her body vibrating with need. Daric's eyes were closed, his hand moving over her leg, causing heat to rush through every nerve, muscle and bone in her thigh and knee.

It was over in seconds. Daric rose gracefully to his feet, leaned into her body and murmured into her ear in a husky voice, "I couldn't decide whether to kiss you or heal you. My healing instinct, the compulsion to heal my mate was stronger. But now I can finally do this."

Hannah decided, as his mouth claimed hers, that no one would ever claim Daric Carvillius was timid. He seized exactly what he wanted, and, at that moment, he apparently wanted her. Desperately.

He commanded...and she surrendered, unable to resist him, unable to deny him anything as he swooped down on her like a conquering hero, his kiss branding her, owning her. His tongue didn't explore...it demanded she yield, sweeping through her mouth with so much surging power that he stole her breath along with her will.

Hannah's arms curled around his neck, trying to get closer, melting into his powerful body as he mastered her with his mouth. Again and again. Over and over. Until she was nearly as insane as he, her body shaking like a lone leaf fluttering in a strong breeze.

Daric ended the scorching embrace abruptly, wrenching his mouth from hers as though the separation was painful. Hannah was panting, her breath sawing in and out of her lungs as she looked up at his face.

Sweat coated his skin, and his chest was heaving. He speared her with a hot, possessive look that made her respond instantaneously, every atom in her body reaching out for him, needing him with an intensity that was tormenting.

"I feel the same, Hannah. But you aren't ready." His voice was gruff, and filled with longing.

She wanted to scream that she was ready, that she needed him. But was it the truth, or just her body's reaction to him? She was so overwhelmed that she didn't know. "I don't know what's happening to me. I don't understand any of this." She sounded lost, and she felt the same way.

Daric stepped back clothing them both in jeans and a t-shirt. Hannah jumped in fright as the apparel appeared magically on her body. "Cripes. Could you warn me before you do something like that?" Her body was trembling, a delayed reaction from the entire day.

The accident. Clothes appearing out of nowhere. The matching marks. A man professing that he was a vampire. And worst of all, the sense that he really could read her thoughts, see through her clothing. Everything that was happening was all so...not normal.

He grinned, a small smile that lit up his rugged face. "Sorry. It's normal for me."

Hannah felt refreshed as she looked down on her casual attire. "I feel like I just showered and dressed."

His smile grew broader. "You did."

She pushed on his chest, needing to move away from his beckoning heat, the temptation of that seductive smile. "Do you know how hard this is to believe? Vampires are myth. They aren't real, Daric." Frustrated, she started pacing the room.

He shrugged his massive shoulders. "We are very real. Humans are on a need-to-know awareness of our existence. And almost all of them don't need to know the truth. Could you imagine the reaction and outright hysteria that would occur if they did?" He emitted a heavy sigh and leaned against the wall, watching her.

Hannah stopped abruptly, realizing that her leg had stopped aching. Gingerly, she tested the limb, stretching it more and more in the absence of pain. What the hell? Clenching her thigh, she couldn't feel the ridges of her scars. Frantically, she moved her hand over her knee...feeling...absolutely nothing. She bent her leg up, kicked it back, and it reacted perfectly. "Oh, my God. You did heal me." She hopped up and down in delight, cautiously at first, and then dancing in circles as her leg responded to her every command. "I can move. I can bend. I don't limp." This isn't possible. Daric couldn't have done this. But, he obviously had. There was no other explanation.

"Don't even think about going back to that ass**le again," he growled, coming toward her with purpose.

"Who?" she asked, genuinely confused as she watched his approach. He was scowling at her, his fierce expression making him look like a barbarian in human clothing.

"Your ass**le of an ex-boyfriend, Mark," he grumbled as he stopped in front of her.

"How do you know about him?" Hannah looked up at him in startled surprise.

"There's nothing I don't know about you, Hannah. Nothing I haven't experienced. I accidentally absorbed your memories while I was trying to heal your head injury."

Hannah gawked at him. "How?" Her brain on overload, she added quickly, "Never mind. I don't think I want to know right now." Hell, she was still trying to absorb the fact the he had apparently healed an injury that wasn't completely reversible by any human physician.

"You won't go back to him now that I've healed you," Daric stated bluntly, his dark eyes boring into hers. "He wasn't worthy of you."

"I wasn't planning on it. And I agree. He is an ass**le," she answered, distracted by the way he was championing her, defending her. It had been so long since anyone had come to her defense. "What did you mean when you said you had sampled me?" she asked, suddenly remembering his strange comment.

"I took your blood in order to heal you. I had to. I had no choice." For the first time, he looked uncomfortable. "All vampire healers hate to feed, to take blood. I shouldn't have let my distaste interfere with my common sense. I was too weak to heal you without feeding."

Hannah's hand flew to her neck. "You took my blood?" She ran her hand over her neck, feeling for any evidence that he had punctured her skin.

"You really think I would leave a mark unless I wanted to?" He lifted an eyebrow, giving her a haughty glance.

Pulling her hand from her neck, she rolled her eyes. Of course he wouldn't. If he was capable of healing head injuries and miracle healing, he wasn't going to leave simple puncture marks behind. "Oh hell. I need a drink. Maybe more than one." Or maybe a bottle of whiskey without the glass. She wasn't really much of a drinker, but this night wasn't exactly ordinary, and the thought of something to calm her unsteady nerves was becoming a very welcome idea.

"Come. You will eat first. And then I'll let you sample some of my wine collection," he held his hand out to her, palm up, waiting for her to accept it.

Hannah knew it was more than a simple gesture; it was an entreaty of sorts, his way of asking her to trust him.

The space around them was electric, the air vibrating with energy. And Hannah knew it was him, his vitality, his power.

Taking a deep, steadying breath, she lifted a trembling hand, placing it into the warmth of his palm. His fingers closed around it immediately, securely, enveloping her cold fingers, warming them almost instantly.

Hell, he hasn't killed me yet. I don't suppose it's on his agenda.

Daric smirked, shooting her an amused glance that roamed her entire body. "It's not on my schedule for tonight, no."

Thank God!

He closed his eyes briefly, his brows drawing together as though he were in pain.

"Are you all right?" she asked him anxiously, moving closer and placing a hand on his cheek.

Daric grimaced, bringing his hand up to cover hers. "Fine," he grunted, opening his eyes, the pain seemingly gone.

"What happened? Are you sick?" Scanning his face, Hannah looked for signs of illness, concerned that he might be getting the flu or some other virus that seemed to be running rampant at this time of year.

"No. I was paying for a little indiscretion," he told her unhappily, his voice disgruntled.

"You were trying to strip me again, weren't you? Wow. That's a pretty awesome control system. So if I don't like something, all I have to do is say so?" Maybe she could just mention the fact that she didn't want him reading her thoughts.

"Don't even try it. As your mate I'm entitled to read your thoughts. And I did strip you and took a very long look. If I'm going to pay for it, I might as well make it worth it. I wanted to see the lingerie I conjured for you." He shot her a wolfish grin, looking totally remorseless.

Hannah had no doubt that at least the panties were scandalous. And damn uncomfortable. She could feel the butt floss up her rear, letting her know, without seeing the underwear, that she was wearing a thong.

Daric laughed...a low, throaty, sexy sound that sent a jolt of happiness through Hannah. Instinctively, she knew it wasn't something Daric did often.

Squeezing her hand, he pulled her body into his and the two of them disappeared, leaving the room abandoned in a heartbeat.

Hannah squealed in alarm.

And Daric laughed harder.

Then, the room was silent.

Chapter 4

Reject her. Do it. Reject her right f**king now, before you aren't able to do it.

Daric watched his mate as she consumed one of the chocolate desserts from her own restaurant, nearly groaning as her tongue snaked out of her mouth to catch a drop of chocolate that had landed on her luscious lips instead of inside her mouth. Christ! He could think of a lot of things he could do with that mouth, places he was obsessed with having her tongue lick over, all of them located on his overheated, eager body.

Reject. Now.

He watched her eyes close with enjoyment, a look of pleasure on her face that made him envious, wishing it had been he who had put such a look on her beautiful face.

It's been hours. Refuse her and get it over with.

Jerking his eyes away from her, he stared at the wall behind her, trying not to let his gaze stray back to Hannah, who was sitting in front of the fireplace, her face flushed and pink from the warmth of the mammoth fire he had started several hours ago.

He'd rescued his food order from her truck with a mental command, heating it to the appropriate temperature, trying to stuff food in his face in an effort to stop himself from nibbling on her. They had been talking for hours, and Daric believed she was finally convinced of the truth. He hadn't held back, knowing time was short, and that she needed to know all of the facts.

Not if you're going to reject her, ass**le. Just do it.

He shook his head, his gaze straying back to her face.

Mine.

It wasn't that he didn't know that he needed to reject her, or even that he didn't want a mate. Hannah deserved better. He had felt her emotions, relived her life experiences. Hell, he was an ass**le, a prince who hadn't really had any significant communication with a female in over a thousand years. He was a cantankerous, irritable, ancient bastard who didn't know a thing about tenderness or the gentle nature of a female. What in the hell would he even do with a woman of Hannah's kind nature?

Keep her. Brand her as mine. Keep her safe forever.

Daric's c**k pulsated at the thought of taking Hannah as his, making her moan with pleasure as he took her. Both of them were experiencing the mating compulsion, the need to join as one, his need, his desire, feeding hers. The response of her body was merely a small reaction in comparison to his raging desire, his need so strong that it was all he could do to stop himself from touching her. He had seated himself away from her, on the other side of fireplace, the massive pile of food between them. Not that the paltry distance would stop him from falling on her like a wild animal that needed its mate, but it did give him an instant to think about it. The problem was, his need would only get stronger. As a royal, he was given time to court a woman before the full mating force hit him. A week. Maybe a little more, maybe slightly less. Much depended on how connected he became to Hannah.

Fuck! If this is the prelude, I sure as hell don't want the full experience. It sucks!

"So how does this rejection happen?" Hannah questioned in a hesitant voice, as she stared down at the glass of wine that she held cradled between her delicate hands.

Daric felt a tiny crack form in the heavy ice that encased his heart. Hannah looked so vulnerable, her hair a curtain now hiding her face as she continued to stare at her wine, swirling it around aimlessly. Goddamnit! He wanted to be the one to protect her, to make sure she was never hurt again. Her grief and loneliness beat at him, demanding he comfort her and make sure she was never alone again.

Don't fool yourself. She also soothes your soul, fills the empty places inside of you. You covet her. You want her.

"I speak the ancient words and it will be so." Rejection was pretty straightforward.

She looked up at him, her forest-green eyes piercing him. "Will I remember this after it's over?"

Daric clenched his jaw, the thought of Hannah going about her normal life, not remembering who she belonged to, wasn't sitting well with him. "No. Our ties will be broken and you won't be attracted to me, won't remember even meeting me." Fuck. That thought nearly killed him.

"If I meet you in the future, I'll still find you attractive," she mused, her brow wrinkling in thought.

"You'll feel differently," he answered her gruffly, irritated by that fact and not wanting to think about meeting her in the future. Right now, he could sense her longing, her desire. Although it drove him insane, made him want nothing more than to pleasure her until she was crying out his name in ecstasy, he knew she would feel differently after their ties were broken. And, dammit, it rankled.

"I was attracted to your voice when you called in your order. Something about you made me hot and bothered, even on the phone. Is that why? Because of the mate thing?" She tilted her head to one side, giving him a questioning look.

"No. Not then. I hadn't acknowledged you as my mate."

She shrugged. "Guess it was just your sexy voice that set my panties on fire."

Daric took a healthy sip of his wine, nearly choking on it, as her comment registered. Over the last few hours of discussion between the two of them, Daric had quickly learned that Hannah wasn't coy, saying whatever she was thinking. He didn't respond, knowing if he thought about the sexy lingerie he'd paid the penalty to see, he'd have her pinned to the floor and out of those barely-there panties in seconds.

Thankfully she continued on another subject. "If we're mates, why can't I read your mind, see your thoughts?"

"I'm royal. It doesn't happen naturally. I have to allow you access." Thank God she wasn't going to be his mate or he would have to allow her access, and his mind wasn't exactly filled with rainbows and sunshine. More like violent storms and eternal darkness.

"You said you were the last surviving royalty. Wouldn't that make you King? And who's the King of the other vampires?" she asked, her voice inquisitive, curious.

"The general population of vampires is regulated by a council of elders. Only the healers have a royal family." He sighed before continuing, "Vampire healers are powerful, requiring someone more powerful than they are to keep them in check at times. There are those who would suffer the pain of backlash or penalty to do things that shouldn't be done by a healer."

"What if the royals are tempted to evil?"

It was an intelligent question, but it still irritated him, "There has been a Carvillius ruling for thousands of years. We are not tempted to evil." He paused before he admitted, "We are ruled by ancient magic. There are some things that even royalty is not allowed to do. That's why my father died. He was King. Should still be King. He died trying to save my brother, Nolan, who was dying of mating conflict. He drained all of his power into Nolan's dying body in his grief and madness, an act that is not allowed without penalty of death."

"Why?" she asked in a hushed voice.

"To keep the rulers in check. Transfer of power or magic is not allowed. I suppose because a ruler could steal power if he were capable, or give away power to another being in exchange for something he desired, making him less capable of ruling. It upsets the balance."

"I don't understand why your brother didn't just reject his mate like you're going to do," Hannah said pensively, her finger tracing the patterns on her wine glass.

"He wanted her. He wasn't capable. But she didn't want him. It left him in mating conflict, one of the few things that can kill a royal vampire healer." Even now, Daric didn't understand why Nolan had wanted Maya, a whiny and more than a little insane human female. She had been beautiful, but there had been no character beneath the beauty.

"I'm sorry. You lost your brother and your father at the same time. That must have been awful for you." Her eyes shining with tears, Hannah scooted around the food and crawled next to him, taking his hand in hers. "I lost my father, and the pain of that loss still eats me alive. I don't know how you could bear it."

Daric's heart ached, feeling her loss more acutely than before. "I shouldn't have spoken of it. It reminded you of your loss. You shouldn't feel guilty, Hannah. It wasn't your fault."

She nodded her head. "Logically, I know that. But it's difficult not having regrets."

Ah, yes. Daric knew all about regrets. "I understand. I still wish I could have stopped my father from killing himself, from making his subjects suffer by changing the law of our people before he drained himself of power. My people have suffered for the last thousand years for something that he did in a moment of madness."

Hannah squeezed his hand as she replied, "He was King. Was it even possible for you to stop him?"

"I don't know. But I could have tried. I wasn't there. I should have been there. I was studying the books of the ancients, trying to figure out if there was any way to save Nolan." He hadn't found anything, and his father and brother had died without him being present. "I went as soon as I heard Nolan's cry of distress in my mind, but it was too late." Daric had been greeted by a pile of ashes that had once been his father and brother, able to read the preceding events from their remains. They were images that he had never been able to forget, his father's outrage as his son slipped away, his father's mad act of changing the Book of the Vampire Healer so it was virtually impossible for any healer to find his mate, hoping it might reverse Nolan's death. Then, realizing that his desperate attempt had failed, draining his life energy and magic into Nolan. Nolan had already been gone, so it was an act of suicide, although his father's mind had been so twisted, he probably didn't think of it that way.

"If your father was capable of changing the mating rules, I'm sure you couldn't have stopped him, Daric." Hannah crawled into Daric's lap and rested her head against his chest, wrapping her arms around his neck. "I know he was grieving, but I don't think I like him. He left you alone. I understand it was a horrible loss for him, and I don't blame him for mourning, but he had another son to think about."

If anything or anyone had ever felt as good as the warm, comforting woman in his arms, Daric didn't remember it. He tightened his arms around her, sighing against her hair, losing himself in her softness. "Nolan was his whole world."

Hannah tightened her arms around his neck. "What about you?"

Her tone was defensive, protective and indignant. Daric would have laughed at the thought that she was rising to his defense if it hadn't touched him so deeply, made his heart ache with tenderness for the small, human female who reacted like a tigress. "I was a second-born prince. Nolan was the heir, the future King."

"You were his son, dammit. It shouldn't matter when you were born." She pulled back to look at him. "Were you and Nolan close?"

He looked at his woman, so fierce, so angry on his behalf, and he felt the ice crack a little more. "Yes. I still miss him to this day. He was patient and kind. We were so different, but we were very close. He would have made a fine King."

She laid her head back on his shoulder as she murmured, "You still haven't explained the King thing."

Unable to stop himself, Daric stroked her silky hair. "It isn't complicated. I didn't want the title. I can watch over my people without the title of King."

"Yes. Obviously you can. You've watched over your people for a thousand years without it." She shook her head against his chest. "Yikes. That sounds odd. Exactly how old are you?"

"I was only two hundred years old when my father died," he muttered in amusement.

"Only? So you're twelve hundred years old? Can a vampire that old even get it up anymore?" She laughed against his chest. "Do you still have your own teeth or do you need...like...denture fangs?"

Daric smiled against her hair, knowing he should be insulted by Hannah's questioning of his manhood, but unable to do anything other than let her laughter surround him, filling him with a peace he hadn't felt in...well...ever. He growled playfully and pulled her ass into his groin. "I'd have no problem satisfying my mate." And then some! His c**k was straining against his jeans, swelling impossibly large as Hannah's delicious ass wiggled against it.

Mine!

"Hmmm...I guess I'll have to take your word on that one since you're refusing me," she murmured in a sleepy voice.

At that moment, Daric wanted nothing more than to teleport them to his bedroom and show her all of the ways he could pleasure her, sate her until her body was limp and begging for mercy. His need for her was already becoming almost impossible to deny, growing stronger with every touch, every word, every bit of her sweetness that he lapped up like a starving man.

I need to speak the words. Release both of us. This is f**king torture.

Taking a deep breath, he tried to form the words to refuse Hannah, set her free, but they stuck in his throat, clogging him into silence, choking him like dry grains of sand in a sandstorm.

She's my mate. Mine. I'm not giving her up. Never. I want her. I need her.

Cursing himself for being a selfish bastard, he kept trying, but the words wouldn't come.

Fuck!

Hannah stirred in his arms and then settled back in with a feminine sigh, after finding a comfortable spot on his chest.

Daric's arms tightened around her possessively, his heart racing. Who in the hell did he think he was trying to fool? Somewhere deep inside...he had known the truth, had probably known since the first moment he'd realized that this woman was his, that he wouldn't be able to refuse her. He'd been inside her head, seen glimpses of her heart. Maybe his goddamn noble ancestry demanded that he try to do the right thing and let her go, but everything inside him, every vampire instinct he had, told him that this woman belonged to him.

She deserves better.

Oh, f**k no! He might be royalty, but he wasn't feeling particularly noble. The thought of his woman with anyone else nearly sent him over the deep end, making him want to claim her in the most primal way possible. Over and over again, until she could do nothing but moan his name in ecstasy.

Daric rose gracefully to his feet, Hannah cradled in his arms.

She lifted her head slightly, whispering in a drowsy voice, "I'm sorry. I think I dozed off. Is it possible for you to take me home?"

"You will stay here. Sleep." Daric glanced at the clock. It was nearly dawn. No wonder his woman was exhausted. She'd had an exhausting day and the wine had probably added to her desire to sleep.

"The restaurant--"

"Will function just fine without you. You stay here." He had seen the memories of Hannah going home to the empty house her father had lived in, surrounded by sorrow and regrets. She wasn't going back there again. Not until she had healed enough to go without pain.

"For tonight," she agreed in a slumberous voice.

Forever.

Daric's covetous gaze caressed her face, watching her eyes flutter closed as she fell back to sleep. Having already been roasted over the coals by his woman for teleporting her earlier, he made sure she was asleep before he transferred them from the living room to his bedroom.

He dissolved their clothing as they reappeared in his bed, covering them with a quilt and fresh sheets.

Hannah snuggled against him with a trusting sigh, still sleeping the sleep of the innocent.

His c**k still throbbed and his body was tense with the need to be inside her, but at the moment he could still contain the beast and enjoy the happiness of having his mate beside him, trusting him to keep her safe.

She'll never be alone again. She'll never suffer again. I'll do everything in my power to keep her happy.

Daric grinned, a cocky smirk that came from knowing that he was the most powerful being that walked the earth. How difficult could it be to make one human woman happy?

The automatic shutters on his windows whispered closed, signaling the coming sunrise. He yawned and closed his eyes, letting himself slip easily into day sleep, a hint of that insolent smile still on his lips as he slept the sleep of a vampire.

Chapter 5

"Are you kidding me? I can't do this!" Hannah stood at the top of a deserted mountain, gaping down at the seemingly endless blanket of perfect, untouched snow that seemed to stretch for miles down a never-ending incline. "Where the hell are we?" Her head was still spinning from whatever that thing was that Daric did to get them from one place to another at warp speed.

"We aren't that far from Temple," Daric answered, his voice agitated. "I thought this would make you happy. It's what you wanted. You wanted to be able to ski again. I'm trying to make you happy, woman."

"Well...I'm not." Hannah shot Daric a belligerent look. He'd pulled her out of a perfectly warm bed, plied her with coffee and transported them God-knew- where, to the top of a deserted mountain, and he expected her ski down unknown territory after being nearly sedentary for a year. "I'm not in shape for this. I'm not ready. I haven't done more than walk at a slow limp for months."

Yesterday, she had been fairly certain that she'd never walk without a limp, and now anything was possible. Overwhelmed, she looked down at her favorite pair of skis with a sigh.

Daric frowned, as though offended. "You think I'd let you get injured?" He crossed his arms in front of him, biceps and triceps rippling beneath a short sleeved t-shirt. Dressed in only jeans, the lightweight shirt and black boots, Daric didn't look in the least bit cold, although the temperature had to be nearing the zero mark.

Hannah was appropriately dressed in red ski attire, all of her wardrobe and personal belongings having mysteriously appeared in Daric's home before she had even woken up in his bed earlier in the evening.

"It isn't about getting hurt. Not really. I'm just not sure I'm ready for this right now." Oh, but she wanted to be. As Hannah looked at the moonlit, perfect terrain, she wanted to drive into it, feel the excitement of the cold wind in her face as she flew down the mountain, the first to break the new and perfect snow.

New snow. Deep snow. Avalanche territory!

"Not happening," Daric drawled, raising an eyebrow.

No. Of course it wasn't. Hannah rolled her eyes at his arrogant stance and seemingly endless confidence that there was nothing he couldn't do or accomplish. What she wouldn't give right now for that kind of self-possession. After living most of her adult life taking care of Mark's needs and never acknowledging her own, she no longer knew who she was or what she wanted. She had failed to accomplish much of anything in her life so far. She couldn't even run Temple's the way her father did.

"What does Hannah want?" The low, rumbling voice sounded next to her ear as Daric wrapped his arms around her waist from behind.

What do I want? It was the first time in her life any man had ever asked her that question. Even her father had never really asked, only gently encouraged her to reach for her own goals.

"I don't know," she answered honestly.

"I'll take you home right now if this isn't what you want to do." His arms tightened around her, his breath forming a visible cloud of white vapor in front her face.

No! No turning back. Hannah wanted to find her way, and maybe it started by taking this mountain. "It could get dark once the moon is blocked by the trees," she answered, her eyes scanning her purposed path.

"It won't." Even as he uttered the words, the path lit up with artificial light, even though Hannah couldn't see the source.

Do it, Hannah. You know you're dying to go.

Daric loosened his hold around her waist. "I'll be right behind you. Don't second guess what you want. Your instincts are almost always correct. Trust them."

Trust me. Isn't that what Daric was actually saying? Isn't that what he was asking her to do?

"Yes," he answered, his arms lowering away from her body.

Before she lost her nerve, Hannah struck the snow with her poles, lowered her goggles, and pushed herself off the mountain, plunging into some of the best fresh powder she had ever experienced. She started slowly, her confidence building as she navigated around obstacles, some of them disappearing before she even got to them. Courtesy of Daric's magic!

Hannah flew down the mountain, laughing as she tore up the snow, her leg working perfectly. Having Daric behind her, letting her lead the way was novel. She turned her head to the right, catching a glimpse of Daric tearing down the mountain slightly behind her, skiing like an Olympic Gold Medalist.

Exhilarated by her growing speed and confidence, she let herself enjoy the ride. She knew this moment in time, this magical experience, would stay with her forever. For the first time in a very long time, she was flying down a mountain just for the sake of enjoyment, tearing up snow just because she loved to do it. She wasn't on patrol, she wasn't helping Mark train, and for the first time since she had been a teenager, she actually felt free.

As Hannah neared the bottom of the mountain, she felt tears form in her eyes. Coming to a halt, snowing spraying around her from her quick maneuver, she pulled her goggles up to swipe at her eyes with a gloved hand. She was panting from exertion, her body no longer in condition to tackle a run that required that much physical strength. She gripped her thighs, laughing, trying to catch her breath. Her head was down, but she saw Daric's feet planted next to hers, his skis gone, replaced with the black boots he had previously been wearing.

Hannah straightened, still breathless but slowly recovering, her heart still pounding. "Thank you for this." She met Daric's eyes, not quite sure how to express what this experience had meant to her or how to tell him that it had a significance far greater than just skiing down a mountain.

"Don't." He speared her with a dark glance. "I already know. Why do you think we're here? You've spent enough time in the shadows of another, never pleasing yourself. What does Hannah want?"

You. The word fluttered through her mind instinctively, automatically. "I didn't really want to leave Temple. I wanted to stay here and learn how to run a business from my father. Vail and Olympic training were Mark's dream. I was never happy there." I was never happy with him. It had never truly been the location or her occupation. The problem had been her relationship with Mark.

"He never valued you. Never protected you or loved you. Why did you go if you didn't want to?" Hannah's ski equipment disappeared, and Daric moved closer, pinning her between his body and the trunk of a large tree, his eyes never leaving hers.

"Mark and I grew up together. We were childhood friends. I guess we just gradually became a couple. He was all I knew." Even as she spoke, Hannah realized that even from a very young age, Mark had somehow convinced her that she needed him, and she had believed it. Somewhere along the line of their very long relationship, Hannah had lost herself. "He didn't value me because I stopped valuing myself." Tears flowed from her eyes, blurring Daric's face. "All those years wasted. Time with my father that I can never get back again. I rarely even saw my dad because Mark didn't like him."

Daric wrapped his arms around her, holding her tightly in his embrace as he grumbled, "I'll kill the son of a bitch for you."

Hannah didn't doubt it for a moment, and she smiled through her tears as she buried her face against Daric's warm chest, her heart leaping at his defense and outrage for her sake. "No. He's not worth a moment of your pain. I made the choice and it was the wrong one."

"You won't think about him again." Daric's tone was demanding, as though issuing a royal declaration. "If thoughts of him distress you again, I'll kill him."

Daric's body was fiery hot, even in the bitter cold atmosphere, and Hannah snuggled against him, her heart hammering. No man had ever treated her as though she were precious and cherished, but this man, a male she had only known for a day, treated her like she was everything to him. It was tempting, intoxicating.

"You're my mate, Hannah. There is nothing or no one on this earth more important to me than you." His voice was husky, and radiating with raw emotion.

"I thought you refused me." The words struck Hannah straight in the heart.

"I can't." He grabbed her by the shoulders, his eyes clashing with hers in a volatile meeting. "My fate is in your hands, Hannah. I want you, therefore I can't refuse you."

She shivered as she held his gaze, feeling as if she were drowning in his heated eyes. His loneliness called to her, beckoned her closer with every second that passed. Her heart aching at the thought of leaving this strong, powerful man vulnerable, she whispered, "What do we do?"

"That will be for you to decide. I'm an Ancient. On my good days, I'm just an ass**le. On my bad days, I can be a vampire healer's worst nightmare," he replied, his voice as menacing as the scowl on his face.

Hannah knew Daric was arrogant, demanding and probably occasionally harsh, but she couldn't manage to connect the man she getting to know with his own description. Daric was just...Daric. And there was so much emotion beneath his gruff exterior. He wasn't a man she feared. He was her protector, her champion, the first man who had ever considered her feelings. And Hannah was fairly certain that even without the mating instinct, she would still think him the hottest man, or vampire, to walk the planet. She had always believed that sex was highly overrated, over in minutes and not particularly exciting. Now, she wasn't quite certain she was correct in that assumption.

Taking a deep breath, she asked, "Will I get the ass**le, or will you be my nightmare?" She needed to get her mind off the erotic thoughts that were starting to swamp her brain.

He shrugged his massive shoulders. "Depends on how difficult you decide to be."

"I won't follow your every command." Never again would she walk in a man's shadow.

"That isn't what I want. I want you to do whatever makes you happy. But know this...I will be protective, high-handed and I will try to keep you from harm by every means available to me. This is a supposed to be a lull period of mating for me, a time to court you. But my need grows stronger every second, and eventually I will have a difficult time trying to control it. I already consider you mine. I'm just trying to wait for you to make the same decision." He wrapped his arms around her waist. "You're getting cold. Let's go home."

After that speech, Hannah was far from cold. The thought of Daric wanting her so desperately soaked her panties and stole her breath from her lungs. She closed her eyes as he held her tightly against him.

Dizzy from the transport, she opened her eyes to find herself in Daric's kitchen. "I thought you'd take me home."

"You are home," he answered in a low, dangerous voice.

"I meant my home." Exasperated, she stepped away from him and planted her hands on her hips.

"You aren't going back there until you can do so without feeling sad." He shot her a seriously cranky look.

"And you'll decide when that might be?" she retorted.

"I'll know. I can read your emotions and your thoughts."

It wasn't as if Hannah hadn't already known that Daric was in her head, but the significance of it hit her suddenly, wondering what exactly he really could see. "Can you see my past memories, intimate memories?" she asked, wondering if he could see her less than wonderful sexual experiences with Mark.

"You won't think about him anymore," Daric replied, moving forward to wrap his steely arms around her waist. "I don't see those memories. I can't. They are filtered beyond my reach to keep me from going crazy from seeing my mate with another male. I only see them if you visualize them in your current thoughts."

Yeah. Like that was something she actually wanted to remember? "Not much likelihood of that happening," she muttered, her arms curling around Daric's neck, longing flooding her entire body as Daric dissolved her outerwear, leaving her clothed in only a t-shirt and jeans. "Crap, I'm back in a thong again," she cursed loudly, annoyed by the thin strip between the cheeks of her ass. "Why do you do that if you can't even look?"

"I torture myself with imagery," he told her, his voice both self-deprecating and amused. "And I might look. It would be more than worth the price." His big hands stroked over her back and down, finally cupping her ass possessively.

"No! You can look. I give you permission. Feel free." Her modesty wasn't worth the price of Daric feeling the pain of penalty. She could change into her own lingerie now that her own possessions were here, modest panties that wouldn't tempt him.

"You tempt me merely by existing, Hannah. It doesn't matter what you're wearing," Daric said huskily, his hands kneading the flesh of her ass, pulling her hot core up and against his pulsating cock. "I'll always want to be deep inside you, surrounded by you, claiming what belongs to me."

Every nerve in Hannah's body went up in flames, her entire being feeling like liquid fire. "Please," she whispered in a needy voice, not even quite sure what she wanted, only certain that whatever it was, she needed it now and no one but Daric could quench the flames. Confused by the intensity of her emotions, Hannah wondered which emotions and wants were her own and which were caused by the mating compulsion, the small portion of those urges that emanated from Daric to her.

"I won't be able to stop." Daric warned ominously as he pulled back, searching her eyes, his face a mask of tortured desire. Placing a hand on each side of her head, he closed his eyes as he growled, "Share my mind. Know what desire is yours and what belongs to me."

Hannah's whole body rocked as his memories, his thoughts flooded her brain. Closing her eyes at the onslaught, she shook her head furiously, overwhelmed. "Oh, God!" Confused, she clenched Daric's shirt, fisting the cotton, desperate to be grounded.

"Relax. Separate my thoughts from yours," Daric commanded, pulling her thrashing head against his chest. "Sort them out in your mind. I'll help you."

His voice penetrated the thick fog in her brain, forcing her to grit her teeth and try to make sense of the massive overload of information that was taxing her senses. Her body relaxed as she sensed Daric in her head, filing away most of the information from his past, leaving only the present thoughts and emotions.

Grimacing, Hannah tried to mentally push his emotions on one side and hers on another, but the dividing line was blurred, intertwined. "Shit. I can't completely separate them," she muttered, frustrated.

"Relax. You'll become accustomed to the sensation. Information will come to you slowly over time. You can't handle twelve hundred years of memories and emotions all at the same time. And the emotions of true mates are always blurred. You will know what emotions originate from me, and you will always sense how I feel, know what I'm thinking," he answered, stroking her hair gently, massaging her scalp.

Calmed by Daric's reassuring touch, Hannah settled, but her body was still aflame, yearning for more, clamoring for him. Nothing had changed; her need was her own, except she could sense Daric's emotions and thoughts. And at the moment, every one of them featured the two of them entwined together in shared ecstasy. As much as Daric needed to possess, Hannah needed him to claim her. Lifting her head, she told him softly, "I need you. I need you as much as you need me."

His dark eyes scanned her face as he replied, "If you let me take you, I'll never let you go. Hell, I probably won't anyway. But if I f**k you, have you once, I'll track your ass down until you either mate with me or I die of mating conflict. I don't have Nolan's noble morals that allowed him to die with dignity while his mate left him. Your ass is mine. And I'll chase you until the moment I breathe my last."

Hannah felt a shiver run down her spine at his dominant oath, a promise that she knew that he would fulfill. As if she'd let him die? "Then f**k me, Daric. I need to know what it feels like to truly want and be wanted."

"You'll definitely know what it's like to be wanted. To the point of insanity." His mouth claimed hers roughly, his tongue driving between her lips in a frenzied meeting of mouths, a devouring kiss that left her in no doubt of how much she was needed, wanted.

Daric's hand fisted into her hair, holding her head for the fierce possession of his mouth, as his tongued plundered relentlessly. Frantic to get closer, Hannah lowered her hands, searching for his t-shirt, desperate for skin to skin contact. Finding it, she thrust her hands under his shirt, moaning into his mouth as her fingers touched his fiery skin, wanting to know every inch of his enormous body, feel every ripple of muscle.

Closer. I need to get closer.

Hannah was panting heavily as Daric released her mouth and moved to the sensitive lobe of her ear, nipping gently and then laving it with his tongue. Clothing vanished, leaving Daric nude and Hannah in nothing but the racy underwear he had conjured.

Her fingers sought and found his enormous c**k immediately, sliding over the silky skin with trembling fingers. His length and girth made her pu**y clench, flooding the already saturated flesh at the apex of her thighs. What would it feel like to have this inside her, claiming her?

"You're going to know very soon," Daric growled. "If you keep touching me it will be right now."

"Yes," she breathed softly.

"No." He backed her up until her bare ass cheeks collided with the refrigerator. He lifted her hands over her head. "You'll behave before I lose control. It's hanging from a nearly invisible thread right now. And I need to pleasure you."

Hannah shook her head as she glanced at his face, so full of heat and desire. "I need you." Her pleasure would come from having that mammoth c**k inside of her. She went to reach for him again, only to find that her hands were unable to move. "Let me loose, dammit." She needed to touch him now.

"There are other pleasures to be had," he said, his mouth vibrating against her skin as his hands explored her body. "You will experience those delights before I take you."

Hannah moaned aloud, not sure if she could take whatever he had in mind. Her need was roaring through her body, demanding to be satiated. She had never thought she would enjoy this kind of complete domination, her body under a man's control. Strangely, she relished it. A wild instinct rose up inside her to greet the alpha male vampire that was Daric, needing to let him sate her body any way he desired. She just wasn't entirely sure how much she could take without screaming with frustration.

She arched her neck as his teeth gripped the flimsy lace of her bra, ripping the garment from her body, freeing her br**sts to his gaze. His hands and mouth were there immediately, his large fingers cupping her br**sts as his thumbs circled her hard, sensitive ni**les. His tongue and teeth teased, alternating from one breast to another, making her core spasm with need, every inch of her body hypersensitive. "Please," Hannah whimpered, desperate for Daric's possession, her body aching to be taken.

"Mine. You're so beautiful," his voice was rough against her br**sts.

His touch continued down her body, Daric sliding to his knees as he touched and licked every inch of her skin. "Daric. I can't. I need. I want."

"You may want, but your need could never be as great as mine. You will come for me, Hannah," he grunted, his fingers playing over the lace thong that barely covered her pu**y. Hannah shivered from the brush of his fingers on her pink, saturated flesh, as he hooked a finger under the material and tore it from her body, without her feeling even one tiny bit of pain.

His hands roamed over her ass as his tongue licked slowly up each of her thighs, making Hannah's entire body thrash with erotic torture. "I can't take anymore. Please." She yanked at her hands frantically, needing a rough possession to satisfy the untamed desire battering at her body.

"You will take this." Daric gripped her ass at he spoke, holding her in place. "I can smell your need, your arousal. You will come for me." He sounded barely human, an animal wildness making his voice vibrate in something similar to a snarl.

Hannah could feel his hot breath wafting over her quivering pu**y. Her muscles tense, she waited, holding her breath.

She released her pent-up breath in something between a whimper and moan as his tongue finally touched her trembling flesh, pushing his way between the folds, seeking and devouring. He showed no mercy, and Hannah didn't want any. Her arms secured, Daric pulled her legs up over his massive shoulders and buried his head between her thighs, his mouth and tongue all over her sensitive clit.

He took her weight like it was nothing, keeping her body supported, ensuring no tension on her restrained arms. All Hannah had to do was feel, and her body responded to his dominant, erotic touch with a relieved groan, her climax approaching like a speeding train.

He manipulated her clit with his mouth, his strong arms and hands holding her ass, squeezing it, bringing her core tighter against his mouth, and flicking her tender flesh harder.

"Yes. Please, Daric. Oh God." His whiskers were abrasive against her tender thighs, another erotic sensation that blended with every touch of his tongue, driving her nearly insane.

A deep, reverberating sound left his lips, vibrating against her throbbing bud. Tilting her gaze downward, Hannah could see his dark head buried between her thighs, consuming her, the image so erotic that she pulled her eyes away and arched her back, her climax erupting with a force that made her scream. "Oh, my God. Daric. Daric. Daric." She chanted his name like a mantra, unable to think, her whole body convulsing with the strength of the most incredible orgasm she had ever experienced.

Daric stood, still holding the weight of her body as he wrapped her legs around his waist. He kissed her, stealing whatever breath that was left in her body, but she didn't care. She could taste herself on his lips and her own primal urges rose up to meet his, desperate for him to take her.

Pulling his mouth from hers, he pushed her hair back from her face. "Now you have had a small taste of want and desire," he whispered harshly. "Multiply it by a hundred and you might have an idea of how I feel."

Hair cleared from her face, Hannah looked at Daric, initially startled by the wild, feral look on his face. As her gaze clashed with his, she found herself drowning in carnal need, swamped with erotic heat. "Take me now," she answered, her voice low and trembling with urgency, with the painful ache to feel this man inside her.

"Tell me that you want me," he rumbled, his expression dark and volatile.

Hannah knew he sensed her desperation, but some animalistic part of him wanted to hear it. "I want you, Daric. I ache for you. Only for you." The words came out on a long moan. "Release me. Please."

Her hands came loose and she wrapped them around his massive shoulders. "Now f**k me. Please."

Daric lifted her ass, pinning her against the cool metal of the refrigerator. With one smooth thrust of his hips, he impaled her.

"Mine!" He released the word in a feral groan, his hands tightening on her ass, fusing them together tightly.

He was massive, but Hannah felt no pain, only a satisfying fullness and the incredible joy of being joined with him. "Yes," she whispered in a husky voice, unable to form any other words.

"You belong to me, Hannah," he grunted as he pulled out and thrust again, as though staking his claim.

Yes. Yes. Yes.

Her mind screamed what her mouth could not. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders, hanging on as he pumped in and out of her slick channel, branding her again and again.

The joining was rough and primal, carnal and needy. Hannah reveled in the elemental fusing of their bodies, heat emanating from both of them in incendiary waves. She was lost in the pounding of Daric's body, the flexing of his muscles as he pummeled into her, the stretching of the walls of her channel as she accepted his c**k inside her, over and over.

He caught her lips, his tongue thrusting into her mouth in the same rhythm as the phallus sinking into her repeatedly.

Daric's overwhelming desire to bite her, to sink his fangs into the tender flesh of her neck inflamed her senses. Tearing her mouth from his, she begged, "Do it. I want you to. Please." The carnality of the image of him sinking his teeth into her neck beckoned.

"Mine," he snarled against the smooth flesh of her neck before sinking his fangs into her skin.

Daric's reaction was so intense, so overwhelming, that Hannah didn't even flinch at the initial strike piercing her skin. It was a mere pinch followed by such a surge of erotic pleasure that it had her imploding in his arms, so submerged in Daric that she could do nothing but spasm helplessly as she moaned, "Daric."

He released her neck, licking at the wound, and then groaning fiercely as he buried himself inside her so deeply that Hannah wasn't sure they would ever come apart again. Daric flooded her womb with his hot release, his massive body shuddering against her.

"Fuck!" The curse exploded from his mouth a moment before he teleported them to the bedroom.

Hannah's head was spinning, and she closed her eyes as Daric gently untangled them and laid her on the bed. He joined her immediately, pulling her limp, sated body against his strength, covering them both with the sheet and quilt.

"I didn't know it could ever be like that," she murmured against his chest, her body still humming as she recovered her breath, waiting for the world that Daric had just rocked to settle back into place.

"Neither did I," he answered in a husky, raw voice.

"But you must have had a lot of experience before..." Her voice trailed off, not really wanting to think about this extraordinary man with another woman.

"Never like that," he shook his head, his expression intense. His arms tightened around her before he repeated, "Never anywhere near like that."

Hannah snuggled against Daric's strong chest, feeling sated and completely at peace in a way she had never known. If she had been lost previously, Daric had found her, surrounded her with a sense of belonging. "I was waiting for you. I just didn't know it." Even as the words left her mouth, she knew it was the truth.

"I'm glad you feel that way, love. Because you're stuck with me. Forever," he replied roughly, but his arms protected her, cradled her like she was someone precious.

Forever.

Hannah closed her eyes and smiled, deciding that as long as she had Daric, she could live with that.

Chapter 6

Hannah left Temple's a week later with a wave to her employees and a broad smile on her face. It was nearly the dinner hour and she knew the little pizzeria would get busy shortly, but she had already done her paperwork and she felt comfortable leaving the place to her capable manager and employees. Taking a deep breath of the frigid air that greeted her as she walked out the door, she stopped to watch the sun setting, the massive fireball slowly sinking behind the enormous snow-covered peaks in the distance, allowing darkness to fall in a spectacular, cloudless sky.

Hugging herself tightly as she walked toward her new SUV, purchased by her mate for its elevated safety rating, Hannah's thoughts drifted. Daric would wake soon, and she wanted to get home. He hated it when she went out while he was in day sleep, and his protective instincts grew worse with every day that passed. Usually, she waited until he woke, going to work in the evening. Sometimes he'd come with her, usually eating his way through the restaurant menu while she was doing paperwork. If he didn't accompany her, it was because he had business to do with his healers, but he always showed up at some point in the evening, making sure she never left Temple's by herself in the dark. His presence in the little eatery had chased away the shadows, breathing new life into Temple's. Or maybe Daric was breathing new life into her, encouraging her to follow her instincts, supportive of anything she really wanted. Hannah went to the restaurant every day determined to keep her father's memory alive by keeping Temple's open, but she also wanted to make her own mark on the place, something she had been working on by changing some of the outdated decor and adding some new recipes to the menu.

The peace that Daric had surrounded her with a week ago remained, growing stronger every day she spent with him. Oh, not that life itself was actually peaceful living with a vampire prince. Her mate could be a royal pain in the ass when he didn't get his way, most of his complaints revolving around her safety, her happiness. It made it hard for her to argue with him when his main concern in life seemed to be her happiness and well-being, even though he growled commands instead of really discussing issues when it came to safety. But even when he was surly and cantankerous, Hannah was happy, accepting her broody vampire prince exactly as he was, because he accepted her with all of her faults. All he seemed to want was her happiness. Like she could not be happy? She was nearly deliriously contented, and Hannah wanted Daric to feel the same joy she felt. It was impossible to put a finger on his feelings, but he was definitely fighting something internally, although he denied it. He was blocking some of his thoughts, and it bothered her, wondering what he was thinking that he couldn't share or didn't want her to know.

She halted at her SUV, pressing the button to open the doors of the vehicle. The lights blinked and the short beep sounded to deactivate the alarm, at the same time that what felt like sharp claws wrapped themselves around Hannah's wrist, preventing her from getting into her vehicle. Hannah backed up in horror, her ass hitting the hood of her vehicle, as a mass of hideous creatures swarmed her, appearing one after the other. Despite her terror, she didn't have to wonder what the ugly things surrounding her were or what they wanted - having seen a few of Daric's darker memories, she already knew. Fallen . Vampires that had turned evil.

Hannah tried to break the hold on her wrist, but it only caused the claws digging into her arm to tighten, drawing blood. Despite her terror, thoughts of Daric popped into her mind.

I shouldn't have waited to watch the sun set. I should have listened to Daric.

He had warned her, over and over, about the dangers she faced as the mate of a vampire prince. The fallen were preying on mates who hadn't completed the mating process yet, and Daric had cautioned her about the creatures that might be able to sense her, even in a remote community like Temple, simply because she was the mate of a powerful prince.

I'm sorry, Daric. So sorry.

Hannah trembled as the horde grew larger, more aggressive, swarming around her until there were too many to count. With sunken, hairless faces and freakish red eyes, they were worse than anything she had ever imagined, even in her darkest nightmares.

Panicked, Hannah tried to close her thoughts. If these things were awake, then so was Daric. There had to be at least a hundred, maybe more, of the fallen. If rescuing her didn't kill him, the backlash from killing so many just might. She had only seen the backlash in his memories, but she knew he had never killed this many fallen, and that the resulting backlash would be catastrophic. She'd die before she let these disgusting, ugly things take Daric to his death.

The beast holding her wrist moved closer, its fetid breath nearly causing her to retch. Kicking her legs up, she struck the fallen in the groin, twisting to get away, to somehow get out of its grasp. It didn't falter, didn't even seem to feel the pain, but it grabbed her shoulder with its other set of claws, slashing her flesh open.

Shit. These bastards are strong.

Male voices rang out in the night, some panicked and others forceful. Obviously, chaos had begun in the small town of Temple with the arrival of a large number of fallen.

Blank your thoughts. Don't think about this. Keep Daric away.

Claws pierced her flesh in other places on her body as she fought to get away, red eyes everywhere she looked. Heart slamming like a jackhammer against her chest, Hannah fought, but was no match for the fallen that pierced her skin with every touch.

Screams shattered the night, cries of anguish, pain, fear and panic. One shrieking voice was closest to her, loud enough to nearly pierce her ear drums. It was a voice Hannah recognized as her own as she finally succumbed to darkness.

*****

Where the f**k did she go?

Daric had woken from his day sleep edgy and alone, his only thought to find his mate. It was dark, and Hannah wasn't in the house.

Dammit. He loved his stubborn mate more than he ever thought possible, but there were times when she pushed him too far, tested his patience too greatly. He was nearing the end of his ability to stay in control, the overwhelming instinct to protect and mark Hannah as his, nearly making him insane.

I love her. Goddamit, I love her.

As he stormed into the kitchen, bellowing Hannah's name, he admitted that he loved his mate to the point of derangement, his rational mind leaving his body as primitive instinct pounded him. After having absorbed her memories and emotions from her body, he knew her, probably better than he knew himself. And he f**king wanted her more than anyone he had ever desired, making him fight the flare of the mating instinct that had occurred days ago, the overpowering desire he had to dominate and hold his mate to him.

In the beginning, he had tried to wait, had tried to give Hannah time to adjust, time to love him back, his love for her making him want to have her love in return. However, the time for all that had passed. He didn't have the strength to hold back what destiny intended any longer.

Fucking need her. My mate. Mine.

Daric raked a trembling hand through his hair in frustration, his whole being on fire to find his mate, his rational mind completely slipping away.

Should have taken her earlier. Made her mine earlier. Now it's bad. Really bad.

He had been so cocky about his ability to control the flare - the lunatic desire to brand his mate - even though it had grown worse with every passing day. I wanted her to love me. Now, he had pushed himself to the brink, he was more animal than vampire, unable to control any of his actions.

Fuck control! Hannah. Mine. My woman. She's never getting away from me.

As he stomped into the living room, he stopped abruptly, his face turning red with rage, his eyes burning flame as he sought and found his mate's mind.

Fallen! In Temple. Touching my mate, hurting Hannah.

His fury became a towering, overpowering violence as he saw his vulnerable mate in the hands of the fallen that were taunting her, injuring her.

Kill. Protect. Rip the bastards apart piece by piece for touching my mate.

Completely crazed, Daric summoned the power to teleport himself to Hannah, his wrath exploding from his body in a powerful howl for vengeance, his urgency to get to his mate nearly incinerating him.

"I'm the f**king King and nobody touches my mate!" he bellowed, his eyes wild, sweat pouring from his muscular body.

He growled, his mind so lost that he couldn't do anything but grasp the sword that suddenly appeared in his hand, not even questioning how it had gotten there or how it had manifested itself into his grip. It was heavy, and it would kill well. That was all that mattered.

Daric disappeared in flames, his maniacal instincts finally consuming him, leaving nothing but a vampire in complete mating fury, ready to destroy anything and anyone that got between him and his mate.

*****

Hannah fought the darkness, trying to push into the light, forcing her eyes open. Large, muscular arms held her immobile, but they weren't Daric's arms, and she fought the imprisonment.

Fallen. Sunken faces. Brutal pain. Claws shredding my skin until my whole body felt like it was on fire.

"Let go of me," she hissed, her arms flailing and her legs pumping to get free.

At that instant, Hannah registered that strangely, she no longer felt any pain. As she tried to free herself from the arms of the unknown man holding her, she realized that she had somehow been healed.

"Shhh...calm down, woman. My name is Liam. I'm here to protect you, not to harm you. Daric left you in my care after he healed you. He'd have my head if anything happened to you," the unknown protector told her gently with a touch of amusement.

Hannah stopped struggling, looking up into a face that was anything but ugly. The vampire had dark hair and dark eyes, and she recognized him from Daric's memories. "You're the healer who recently found your mate?"

"Yes, with the help of our prince," he agreed readily, his voice reverent.

"Where's Daric?" Panicked, Hannah scanned the surrounding area, aware of distant voices and the sounds of battle.

She and Liam were some distance away from the battle, but she could see several unknown warriors in the street, all of them cutting through the horde of fallen. Her eyes frantically raked over the violent scene, finally finding her beloved mate. Sword swinging and dressed in nothing but a pair of jeans, he was cutting down fallen with dizzying speed. Mesmerized, she watched his muscles rippling as he wielded his blade again and again, his expression that of a man gone completely berserk. At his side, four additional men, dressed all in black, a belt of weapons around their hips, were fighting with skill, as though they had done this many times before, but Daric fought like a man possessed, taking down fallen at an alarming rate.

"No!" Hannah broke away from Liam's hold, scrambling off his lap. "He can't do this. The backlash will kill him."

Desperate to stop Daric, she stumbled forward before Liam caught her by her jacket, his iron grip keeping her steady, preventing her from moving forward.

"You will not interfere. Daric made his orders clear and I will follow them. He has my brothers and Adare to help him. The fallen nearly killed you, nearly completely drained you of blood. Had I been in his place I would have done the same," Liam told her sternly, his arms tightening around her as she resisted his hold. "Daric healed you and joined the fight. He's my prince and I owe him my life. You will stay here until they have disposed of the fallen. I would be fighting myself if I had not been ordered to protect you." Liam sighed heavily. "He needs to do this. Daric knows you're in danger and he needs to eliminate the threat to his mate."

Hannah watched helplessly, tears pouring down her face as she watched Daric kill without a single thought to the pain he would later experience, his expression wild and determined. "He'll suffer, Liam. Terribly," she sobbed, swiping tears impatiently from her face.

"It's his choice. After seeing what the fallen had done to you, there was no stopping him. He won't cease until the threat to you is gone. He's a vampire protecting his mate. He won't die, Hannah. But his pain will be great; I won't lie to you," Liam answered gravely.

"I did this to him. I'll never forgive myself," she choked out remorsefully.

"They would have found you. My brothers and I have been watching this group, wondering why they were gathering together to make their way to one particular small town in the middle of nowhere. We waited, hoping we would have the chance to eliminate them all at the same time. We didn't know they were coming after the mate of our prince," Liam muttered, obviously unhappy that he hadn't known that Daric had found his mate.

Hannah listened to Liam, but her eyes never left Daric, flinching every time he took down another fallen , his total disregard for his own pain making her want to start sobbing all over again. Was there nothing he wouldn't do for her, to protect her?

No. Nothing. Protect. Kill. Keep you safe.

She started in surprise as she heard Daric's ferocious, guttural voice in her head. In her anxiety about his safety, she had forgotten that their minds were connected.

Please stop. I love you. I don't want to see you suffer. Let the others finish this. Hannah begged, sending her thoughts to him with her mind.

Daric didn't answer; he just kept swinging, sometimes beheading the creatures before he struck a brutal blow to their heart.

Scared for Daric, Hannah's breath came harshly, sawing in and in out of her lungs at a frantic pace that matched the hammering of her heart. "Please, Liam. There must be something we can do." Something. Anything but sit here helplessly watching the man she loved seal his fate to suffer excruciating pain just to ensure her safety.

"It's almost finished," Liam answered stoically.

Hannah's eyes finally left Daric to survey the surrounding area of the battle. It was dark, but the streetlights illuminated the street enough to show the horrors of the fight. The pavement held puddles of blood and ash, fallen in all stages of death. Some had already faded to dust, some were writhing on the streets and others were oozing black secretions onto the pavement.

Very few fallen were left standing.

Hannah searched for bodies of humans, citizens of the town that may have gotten caught in the crossfire, but there were none. "No one in Temple was hurt?" she questioned Liam softly.

"No humans. Their safety was a priority and they were sent back to their homes. We'll have clean-up to do to erase their memories of this night but they're all physically well. But my brothers, Adare and your mate look a little wasted," Liam answered, his voice concerned.

Hannah struggled to move forward as the last fallen hit the pavement, Liam releasing his hold on her only after her mate had dispatched the creature.

Oh, God. How will Daric survive this? So many fallen, so much pain.

Tears streamed from her eyes, nearly blinding her as she ran to her mate, oblivious to everything except him, and her need to reach him.

Daric stepped out of the carnage to meet her, catching her fast-moving body around the waist, bringing her to an abrupt halt.

"You will never leave me like that again," he stated with a feral grunt, his eyes boring into hers with a savage expression that took Hannah's breath away.

Before she could formulate an answer, his mouth crashed down on hers, showing no mercy as he pulled her body against his heaving chest and sweat-soaked skin, demanding her surrender. The embrace was rough, a brand of ownership, but Hannah yielded, needing the raw possession, the brutal passion. His tongue swept through her mouth with a carnality that sent a chill down her spine, flooding her panties and making her body weak with need.

Daric yanked his mouth away and sank his fangs into the tender skin of her neck. Hannah moaned, her body flooding with erotic heat as he fed, lifting her hands to spear through his damp hair, cradling his head against her flesh. She could feel his hunger, and there was nothing she wanted more than to meet his need. "Yes," she hissed as he drew deeply from her, sucking ravenously against her skin, taking what he wanted, what he needed. He needed blood after the battle, but Hannah knew that he also took from her to reassure himself that she belonged to him.

Daric sealed the punctures with a coarse sweep of his tongue, his face no less intense after he finished taking her blood. Yanking her to his side, he turned to all of the Hale brothers and Adare. Without a word, he closed his eyes, and Hannah could feel the power vibrating from his body as wounds healed and the streets cleared of nasty spots of debris and blood.

Hannah gaped, staring first at her mate and then at the five men in front of them, one dark blond, and the others all dark like Daric. In seconds, the scene went from one of post-battle carnage to the usual street in her small town of Temple, the men blending in with the darkness. Not a drop of blood or a single wound remained on any of them.

Yes, she had known that Daric was powerful, but actually seeing that power, feeling it radiate from his huge body was still a shock. And the results were nothing less than staggering.

Completely healed, all five men came forward, dropping to one knee in front of her.

"Your Highness." All five spoke in unison, their voices reverent.

Hannah shook her head in confusion, trying to figure out why these powerful warriors were kneeling in front of her.

"Only Liam is a healer, but they are all pledging their loyalty to you. They are showing respect to their future Princess," Daric answered aloud, his voice graveled.

"No. They are showing respect to their future Queen," a loud, booming voice proclaimed from the shadows.

Hannah's head whipped around, watching apprehensively as a very large man walked out of the darkness and into the glow of the streetlights, her shocked mind not certain if he was friend or foe.

"Father?" Daric's fierce expression turned to one of bewilderment.

Hannah recognized him from Daric's memories. His father was dark, frightening and so very much like Daric. Stunned, she watched as he approached Daric, hearing her mate's confused thoughts as they joined with her own inside her head.

How? It's not possible. He's dead.

Daric's father didn't look at day over his mid-forties, even though Hannah knew he was many thousands of years old...and supposedly...dead. But here he stood, right in front of her eyes, dressed in a scarlet robe, his hands sparkling with jewels.

"It's a trick. Some sort of illusion," Daric rumbled, his face contorted with agony..., and yet, with hope.

His father approached him with a sad smile, laying a hand on Daric's shoulder as he stood in front of him. "Know the truth, son. Feel it inside me. I was granted this brief visit because you are ready to take your place as King. You proclaimed it and it will be so. You were left without the power or knowledge of a King, and it must be passed on. Now. "

Hannah stepped back as the members of The Vampire Coalition rose to their feet, their faces showing their confusion, bodies preparing to defend Daric if needed. Daric caught her hand, keeping her close to him.

"I have no desire to be King," Daric said flatly, his eyes locking with his father's stubbornly, knowing that the man who stood before him was the spirit of his parent.

"You proclaimed yourself King when you manifested the Carvillius Sword. You are King, Daric, as you were always meant to be," his father answered.

"I was never meant to be King. The title was yours and then meant to be Nolan's," Daric answered harshly.

Daric's father shot his son a look of remorse and closed his eyes. Hannah squeezed Daric's hand, her heart breaking as she looked at the agonized and confused look in the eyes of her mate. Light emanated from his father's bejeweled hand, illumination that seemed to be radiating from the older man's palm and into Daric's body. She felt her mate shudder, and moved closer to his body, plastering herself along his side, sending comforting thoughts into his mind. She wasn't entirely sure exactly what was happening, but Daric had his father here, something she knew he needed if he was ever going to completely escape his past.

The glowing light faded and the ancient king slowly removed his hand from Daric's shoulder. "Now you have the ancient knowledge and power to be King. I have merely been waiting for you to declare yourself, as you should have done a thousand years ago."

"I was angry when I said that earlier. I don't want to be ruler. I just want to watch over my people," Daric said, agitated.

His father stopped, his hands behind his back, and stared at Daric. "What do you think a King does? You are doing what you were always meant to do. But you've been doing so without the full power to lead."

"I was not meant to be King!" Daric exploded, his expression fierce.

His father sighed. "Actually, you were. I did wrong by you, Daric. I never loved you any less than I did Nolan, but I knew Nolan's time on the earth was limited and I was losing my mind, so I threw all my energy into him, knowing he was going to leave me just as your mother did. I didn't plan what happened. I regret that I hurt my people, and that I hurt you. I hope that you can forgive me some day."

"I don't understand. Nolan was your heir, the favored son," Daric questioned without rancor.

"Nolan was never destined to be King. He was born without the marking of a Carvillius King, a mark that always bears the Carvillius Sword. I knew he would never live to be King. When you were born with the mark, I should have treated you equally, but the realization that I wouldn't have Nolan with me for long made me focus all of my attention on him, because I wasn't well enough to see anything except another loss. The very fact that I knew I would lose him sent me deeper over the edge of madness. It was never that I loved you less, Daric. I should have prepared you to be King." The older man resumed pacing with a long sigh. "I should have passed the title to you after your mother died. I wasn't capable of being King anymore."

Hannah's chest tightened as she watched the older man struggle with his guilt and remorse. She knew Daric's mother had died soon after he was born, a victim of the fallen.

"I thought you were grieving for Nolan so desperately that you let yourself go with him. I didn't think I was valuable enough or worthy enough to make you want to stay." Daric answered hoarsely.

The ancient king stopped, shaking his head as he looked at his son. "I was mad long before Nolan died, Daric. I couldn't live without my mate. It doesn't excuse how I behaved or how I treated you, but I hope someday you'll forgive me. It wasn't lack of love for either of my sons, it was the dementia I suffered because of losing my mate."

"Why didn't you tell me then?" Daric asked, his voice tormented.

"I was weak, pathetic, my mind broken. I didn't want Nolan to know his fate before his time. It wasn't fair to you, but I wasn't thinking like a king. I was functioning on the level of a child."

"Nolan had a right to know, and I should have been allowed to know that my brother was going to die," Daric answered, his voice irritated.

"You did have the right to know and I don't blame you for your anger," his father responded immediately. "I just wasn't strong enough or sane enough to deal with it properly. I'm sorry, son. I failed both you and my people."

"Nolan?" Daric asked, his voice choked, unable to utter anything except his brother's name.

His father smiled weakly. "He walks with me among the Ancients, with his true mate. Maya was not the female for him. His female awaited him beyond. He's happy, Daric. His destiny wasn't here on earth. He asked me to tell you that you will always have his love, even though you're not together right now."

Hannah watched Daric's face soften, his precious memories of his brother rolling through his mind and into hers. "Tell him I feel the same," Daric answered hoarsely. "And that I miss him."

"Rule well and long, King Daric," his father answered quietly, his intense eyes focusing lovingly on his son. "Lead without guilt and knowing that I was a broken, weak king who failed my people and my son. All that happened was not under your control. Nothing you could have done would have ended things differently. I walk with your mother just as Nolan walks with his true mate. You have found your true mate here on earth. All was fated before your birth."

Hannah shivered as the elder king's eyes moved to her. "Thank you for loving my son. You will make an excellent Queen."

"I still don't want to be King," Daric grumbled.

His father eyes pierced him sharply. "You are King. Your sons will be princes and all will be as it should be. Don't be so damn stubborn."

My sons.

Hannah caught the whispered thought as it went through Daric's mind and his world finally righted itself. She felt his acceptance and his forgiveness all at once, her heart rejoicing that he was finally at peace with his past and his family. Maybe some good would come from this fallen attack after all.

"Oh, God. The fallen . The backlash." In all the turmoil of the evening, she had forgotten about the pain that Daric would suffer very shortly.

Daric's father smiled, the first genuine smile Hannah had seen from him. "There will be no backlash. Your mate wields the Carvillius Sword. It's one of the benefits of being King. As long as the sword is used to defeat evil, there will be no backlash. It wouldn't do to have a king out of commission." His smile grew even broader as he added, "And he has a mating that needs to occur very soon. He's pushed himself far enough."

Hannah's tension dissipated, and she returned the ancient king's smile with one of her own. "I'll make certain it does, Your Majesty."

"I'm no longer king, but I'd be honored to call you daughter," he answered, his ancient eyes filled with longing.

Hannah looked at her mate, her eyes filled with tears. Daric's father was asking for forgiveness, for absolution for his actions that had been caused by something out of his control.

He's here now. He loves you, Daric. I don't think he ever meant to hurt anyone. Hannah sent the thoughts to her mate, asking him silently if he forgave his parent.

Her mate's fierce gaze connected with hers as he answered. I have a mate and I know now how a vampire can lose his mind quite easily because of her.

Daric shot her an accusing look, a glance of warning that he wasn't done with the issue of her putting herself in harm's way.

Hannah stepped forward, pulling her hand from Daric's as she embraced his father. "Thank you," she whispered quietly as she hugged the ancient ruler.

"No. Thank you, daughter," he answered as he hugged her tightly, his voice choked with emotion.

A low growl vibrated through the air as Daric stepped forward and pulled her back against him. "Mine," he grunted, his arms coming possessively around her.

His father released her with a hearty laugh. "If he's jealous of an ancient spirit, you'd best get the mating done." He sobered as he added in a booming voice, "All Hail King Daric Carvillius, King of the Vampire Healers. Heed him, serve him and you shall be rewarded with your mate."

Hannah watched in fascinated awe as one by one, vampire healers appeared, until the streets were filled with healers kneeling before their newly-appointed King.

"Will they find their mates now?" she asked, desperately hoping that Daric's healers were finally going to be happy.

"They will," Daric's father answered confidently. "The damage I did has finally abated. Liam and Regan started the healing and it will continue from this day on." The ancient king's voice started to lose its power. "Be happy, my son and daughter."

"Father!" Daric let go of Hannah long enough to reach for his father, taking the man into his arms for an emotional hug. "No regrets. No guilt. I understand," Daric told his father in a husky voice.

"I love you, son," his father answered weakly, clinging to Daric.

"I love you," Daric said gruffly, his eyes moist as he clung to the dissipating image of his parent until the elderly king had completely faded away.

Tears spilled from Hannah's eyes as she melted into Daric's shuddering body. Finally, her vampire healer had found peace.

Daric turned, facing the masses with her cradled at his side, cringing as he saw all of the healers, Adare and the Hale brothers kneeling before him. "Oh, Christ! Get up. I hate that shit." He eyed his subjects, his eyes intense. "Go back to work. Kissing up to me isn't going to get you a mate any faster," he told them in a booming voice that carried his comment to the mass of healers before him.

The healers vanished with a mental command from Daric, leaving only the Hale brothers and Adare before him. The men rose, all of them smirking at Daric.

"You aren't going to insist that we kneel to our King now?" Liam asked curiously.

"Hell, no. This is a new generation of royalty. No kneeling. No scraping and bowing. It irritates me," he grumbled. "You've all shown your respect for my mate. Now leave us."

"So being King makes no difference to you?" Nathan asked in a low voice filled with mischief.

Daric's look was evil as he replied, "Yeah. It means I have a bigger...sword." He manifested the Carvillius Sword and waved it in the direction of the Hale brothers menacingly. "Now leave before I show you the hard way just how powerful I am."

Ethan snickered. "He's got a bad case of the mating compulsion."

"Can I kiss Hannah good-bye before I go?" Rory asked cheerfully.

Hannah's lips curled, knowing the brothers were needling Daric. As she felt his body tense, she wasn't entirely sure that was a good idea at the moment.

"You will go before you leave your mates widowed and alone. Take care of the clean-up with the humans in town before you go home," Daric boomed, his command so forceful that Hannah stepped back in alarm.

One by one, the Hale brothers and Adare took their leave with a knowing smile, each sending Hannah a playful wink before teleporting away without another word. The brothers might like to tease, but they were far from stupid.

The night was suddenly deadly quiet. Hannah watched Daric as he dissolved the Carvillius Sword and focused his intensity on her.

"You, my dearest mate, will answer for disobeying me about your safety!" he snarled as he stalked her.

She stepped back, the fury in his eyes startling her. Never once, after their first meeting, had she truly feared Daric, and she wasn't afraid of him now; however, she'd have to be daft not to be cautious about approaching him when he was in this mood. "I wanted to clear my schedule so we could spend the evening together. I planned to be home before dark. I'm sorry."

"I don't want you to be f**king sorry. I want you to listen to me when I tell you that I won't tolerate you being stubborn when it comes to your safety. Dammit. I need you to be safe," he told her harshly, latching onto her arm as he spoke.

Hannah sighed as Daric pulled her into his body, seeing his mind exploding with thoughts of something happening to her, images of what he had seen when he had arrived at her encounter with the fallen. His brain was filled with fury, but it was a frenzied rage entirely manifested by his mating instincts and his fear of losing her.

"I'm safe, Daric," she whispered as he clutched her against his chest so tightly she could barely breathe.

"Damn right you're safe and you're going to stay that way. We mate now," he answered in a blistering tone.

Hannah was nearly panting as she responded to his need to dominate, feeling the effects of the mating instincts grabbing hold of her body, wrapping her in heat. "Now," she agreed with a moan, eager to follow wherever his testosterone overloaded body led. She had been ready to be his mate ever since he had goaded her into flying down that mountain, encouraging her to be free of her past and to look toward her future.

The two of them vanished, Hannah groaning as Daric's mouth covered hers roughly, an early warning that his violent mating need had taken control.

Chapter 7

Daric knew he was lost. Somewhere, in the small piece of his rational mind that was left inside his head, he knew that his mating instincts had taken over, wanting to dominate his mate, mark her as his in every way possible, demand her obedience. He was functioning on a visceral level, his instincts would not be denied, and he no longer gave a shit whether he was rational or not.

Mark. Protect. Keep her safe. Make her heed my commands.

He manifested in his bedroom, his mate in his arms, and his desires ruling his body and senses.

Daric stripped Hannah with a mental command, leaving her standing before him nude, her body exposed to his maniacal gaze. His eyes moved over every inch of her body, claiming her with his possessive stare.

Mine. Need to have her moaning, trembling, begging for me, pleading for my c**k to be inside her. Only for me.

His hungry gaze landed between her thighs, feeling her arousal, scenting her need. He stripped her pu**y bare with his magic, eliminating the short curls, grunting as he saw her bare flesh glistening with moisture, proof of her desire.

If previously he had had a small amount of rational thought, it deserted him at that moment, leaving him with nothing but tortured need that had to be sated before his temporary insanity became permanent.

*****

Hannah's gut clenched as she looked at Daric's face, his expression so feral that her heart kicked into overdrive, wondering exactly what he was planning. His thoughts were hard to read, a tangle of conflicted emotions and needs. Much the same as her own.

"You will obey me from now on," he growled, grasping her arm and pulling her toward the bed.

She went willingly, perplexed as he planted her hands on the wooden post at the corner of the bed, her body bent at the waist.

It wasn't until she felt the first sting of his hand on her ass that she understood his intentions. He was spanking her, actually punishing her for disobeying him, for putting herself in danger. Yanking to pull away automatically, she found her hands immovable, held to the post by Daric's magic. As the second smack landed, she moaned, the jolt going straight between her thighs, flooding her pu**y. Her whole body submerged with erotic heat as his big fingers delved into her saturated folds from behind, teasing her, before he slapped her ass again.

"Daric, please," she groaned, her body on fire.

His needs swirled inside her brain, along with her own, swamping her with heat, wanting his domination of her body, needing it.

Hannah writhed with every erotic smack on her ass cheeks, every stroke of his fingers on the sensitive flesh between her legs. Daric alternated, torturing her with her need, while she stayed helplessly in place, his to command.

He kneaded the flesh of her ass, his hands running over the now fiery skin. "Mine," he uttered mindlessly, his big hands cupping her ass in a gesture of pure possession.

He finally released her, pulling her up to face him. "Undress me," he demanded.

Hannah shivered at his dominating tone, a voice that would allow no argument. And she didn't want to argue. She wanted to do whatever he wanted, however he wanted it, her need to please him overwhelming her. Knowing he could make his clothing disappear effortlessly, she recognized his order for what it was...an act of dominance, his need for her to satisfy his pounding desire to control and take.

Dropping to her knees, she wanted nothing more than to liberate that massive c**k from his jeans. Her fingers shook as she pulled down the zipper, making her try twice before successfully opening the top button. She tugged down the denim, almost frantic to free the engorged member that was straining against the cotton. Her eyes moved up to Daric's face, his intense stare drilling into her as their eyes met, submerging her in his raw need, opening her senses to the same desire he was experiencing, elemental and completely, utterly primal.

As she returned her attention to divesting him of his jeans, the material disappeared, Daric obviously having lost patience, leaving his c**k large, hot and heavy in front of her face. Licking her lips nervously, the desire to taste him was almost overwhelming.

"Claim my c**k with your mouth," he insisted, threading his hands through her hair to bring her mouth to him.

Daric's words jolted her into action, the erotic command inundating Hannah with pleasure, leading to the realization that she was taking what was hers, as much as Daric was demanding what belonged to him. She flicked her tongue over the head of his cock, savoring the salty drop of moisture leaking from the tip.

I'm his mate. I do this to him. Only I can pleasure him this way.

She hummed her satisfaction as her lips consumed him, taking as much of his huge phallus into her mouth as she could handle. Sucking sensually, she bobbed up and down on him, hearing him release a tortured groan as his hands guided her faster, deeper. Every lick, every stroke was vigorous, a rough taking of what was hers to take, hers to pleasure. There wasn't a speck of the silky c**k that she didn't want to possess, didn't want to make her own with her tongue and mouth.

Hannah slid her hands along the back of Daric's rock hard thighs until she reached his tight ass. Her hands kneaded the muscles there, feeling them flex as his hips pistoned in and out of her mouth.

Like a woman possessed, she dug her fingers into his ass, swallowing him deeper, deeper than she could ever imagined that she could take him, his c**k bumping the back of her throat.

I need to make him come. Need to taste him.

A hoarse, strangled cry left Daric's throat as she felt him tense.

Yes. Come. I need to taste you. Now.

His hands fisted in her hair as he threw his head back and groaned. Hannah watched his face as his hot release poured into her mouth, moaning at the taste of him, watching the raw beauty of his release. So powerful. So commanding. So completely hers.

Heart pounding, Hannah realized she was experiencing just a small portion of Daric's unrelenting possessiveness, and it was consuming her whole. She needed him inside her, claiming her, pounding into her with unbridled strength and brutal ownership.

He was on her immediately, scooping her up and dropping her onto the bed with a savage grunt. "Need to make you come. Make you f**king beg for it."

Oh God, yes.

She was more than ready to beg, and he hadn't even touched her. Her body burning hot, she undulated her hips. "Please."

Kneeling between her thighs, Daric towered above her, emanating a raw strength and power that should have been terrifying to behold. But it wasn't like that. Daric's intensity was smoking hot, and Hannah trembled with eager anticipation as her hands flew above her head, held fast by invisible bonds.

"You will come for me now," he grunted, his sculpted chest heaving.

Shit. I'll probably explode the moment he touches me.

Hannah's body was primed and ready, begging for his masterful touch. She moaned as he cupped her br**sts roughly, running his thumbs around her sensitive ni**les, bringing them to hardened peaks. He pinched them lightly, sending a jolt of electricity straight to the apex of her thighs. Her back arched, her arms pulling against her bonds as his hot mouth took the place of his fingers, biting gently and licking first one breast and then the other. "Please, Daric. Please," she cried out, her entire body ready to ignite.

"You will tell me what you need." Daric's voice was hoarse as his mouth moved lower, his tongue bathing her with heat as it moved down her body, claiming it.

"You. Inside me. Now," she whimpered, needing his huge, hungry c**k inside her, fusing them together, filling the yearning that was ready to consume her.

"No. You will come for me," he demanded gutturally against the hot skin of her lower abdomen, as his scorching tongue glided farther south over her bare mound.

Oh, God. Hannah wasn't sure she could live through the torment of Daric mastering her body. She lifted her hips with a strangled, tortured mewl, a sound of complete surrender and desperation as his tongue finally trailed over her wet folds.

"Yes. Yes, please. Now," she pleaded, his tongue meandering over the sensitive, pink flesh, laving her from bottom to top again and again, teasing her sensitive clit with each pass.

He pushed her legs up and open wide, leaving her completely vulnerable to him, entirely at his mercy. "Mine. So wet and ready for me," he growled against her pu**y as his mouth claimed her completely.

Daric feasted on Hannah with a wild abandon that nearly made her lose her mind. He was like a man possessed, his focus entirely on making her climax. Her body thrashed within the confines of his bindings, the feel of his mouth on her naked clit more sensation than she could handle, the tiny bundle of nerves throbbing with every touch of his tongue.

"Daric. I can't stand it. I can't," she panted wildly as she closed her eyes, hearing every beat of her stuttering heart in her ears.

"Come for me." The deep, reverberating sound vibrated through her core.

She flew apart with an agonized cry. "Daric."

Molten heat flooded her body as her sheath contracted and released, quaking with the force of her climax.

Panting, her body drenched in sweat, Hannah opened her eyes and watched as Daric crawled up her body with the grace of a large cat stalking its prey.

Her pulse fluttered erratically as she looked at his face when it came level with hers, his eyes as wild as her heartbeat. His need slammed into her body and mind, a jumbled mess of emotions all tied to his urgency to mate.

"Mate with me, Daric. I need you," she whispered in a breathless voice, her eyes pleading with him. He needed to join them, for his sake and for hers.

Pulses of energy emanated from his massive, sculpted body that was blanketing hers, and his eyes were nearly black with desire. She sighed with relief as her hands came loose and she was able to bring her palm to his tortured face, shivering as her hand met the rough stubble of his whiskers and fiery hot skin.

Daric shifted, bringing himself to his knees, every muscle in his body rippling with tension, catching her hand as he moved and placed it at her side. His fingers slid up her arm sensually, leaving a trail of fire as he moved to her upper arm, tracing his mark. "Mine," he said possessively, his voice guttural and primitive.

"Yes," she agreed, her core clenching with need at his caveman tone.

His brows drew together in a pensive, possessive stare as his fingers moved over and over the marking, as though his touch could brand her deeper. Hannah wanted to tell him that he already had her, heart and soul, so deeply that she could never get free.

"You will never be free. You'll belong to me," he said aloud, answering her thoughts as he moved his forearm to match their marks.

Before Hannah could form a reply, heat started to unfurl within her, a fire that scorched her from the inside out, making her release a primal groan. She flexed her hips, her groin grinding wildly against his rock hard cock.

Daric uttered the mating pledge in his native language while her body pulsed in response. Her mind might not understand the lyrical words, but her body responded with total comprehension. Head thrashing, she wrapped her legs around Daric's waist as soon as the words were spoken. "Please. I need you inside me. Now." Before I die of yearning.

Her breath hitched as she felt the head of his c**k against her moist heat, ready to join them.

Yes. Yes. Yes. Now.

Suddenly, Daric was buried to his balls in one powerful thrust, a forceful stroke that made Hannah gasp, her walls stretching to accept his length and girth, the joining causing so much ecstasy that she could barely breathe. Mindless, she urged him to move, digging her heels into his taut ass. Ignoring her silent plea for faster movement, Daric pulled almost entirely out of her, groaning as he buried himself slowly and deeply again, letting her tight channel close around his huge member.

"Tight, hot and wet for me," he said forcefully, repeating the action again.

"Oh, God. Please f**k me, Daric." All Hannah wanted was the rough pounding of that mammoth c**k inside her.

His hand fisted into her hair at the back of her head, holding her still while his mouth claimed hers, his c**k still buried deeply inside her. His tongue pillaged, owning her with urgent sweeps; fast, volatile movements that she desperately needed him to be making with his cock. She whimpered into his mouth, nearly sobbing with the desire for him to move within her, take her with the forceful strokes that he was applying to her mouth with his tongue.

Please, please. I need you.

Daric yanked his mouth from hers. "Fuck!" The curse left his mouth as though he were in pain. "Want you to burn for me like I burn for you. But I can't take it anymore."

He pinned her hands over her head and thrust into her hard and fast, just the way Hannah wanted it. "Yes," she moaned with relief, the friction exquisite. "I already burn, Daric." So hot I can't take anymore.

"Need you to feel the way I do. Need me the way I need you," he snarled as his hips flexed, pounding into her with a force that took her breath away.

"I do." They were the only words Hannah could choke out as her hips rose to meet the forceful thrusts of his cock, their carnal mating the only thing that would satisfy her lust, her desire for her mate's big, powerful body to take her over the edge.

Her back arched as what felt like a thousand jolts of electricity battered her body, centering in her core as Daric moved deeper, faster, furiously. Releasing her hands, he grasped her hips, pummeling into her, owning her.

Sensing his urge to taste her, Hannah turned her head, baring the vulnerable curve of her neck. His fangs sunk into her flesh with a carnality that sent her over the edge, her body climaxing violently as Daric drew from her neck in the same fast and furious rhythm that matched the movements of his cock.

"Oh, God. Yes," she hissed as he pulled deep and fast while he pounded into her channel just as ferociously.

She grasped his shoulders, her nails biting into his skin as she searched for purchase, her body floating as erotic heat coursed through her from Daric's bite, as endless invisible threads wound around their souls, bonding them together as one.

Hannah sobbed openly as the powerful contractions of her channel milked Daric's pounding c**k and tiny fangs erupted from her gums. As Daric swirled his tongue over the bite in her neck, closing it, Hannah didn't hesitate, burying her hands into his hair as she bit his neck, sinking her fangs into his flesh with a moan.

"Fuck!" Daric groaned as Hannah ran her hands through his hair, feeding sensually from his neck.

She pulled slowly, taking Daric's blood into her body, savoring his essence. He was feeling the same incredible binding of their souls, and he growled as he buried himself deeply inside of her with a feral groan, his warm release flooding her womb. His entire body shuddered as she ran her tongue smoothly over the puncture on his neck, sealing it.

He rolled, keeping his c**k deeply imbedded inside her as she sprawled on top of his huge, muscular body. Struggling for breath, Hannah didn't speak as she floated down from her mating high. Daric held her lovingly, possessively, one hand on her lower back and one in her hair.

Still trembling in the aftermath of the most extraordinary experience of her life, she wished she could find the words to express what had just happened, but they escaped her. There wasn't really anything she could say to explain what had just occurred.

I know. I feel the same.

Hannah smiled as she heard Daric's baritone in her mind. His confusion and pain were gone, replaced with a profound peace.

"I love you," she whispered quietly next to his ear, yawning as she rested her head on his shoulder, so tired she couldn't move.

"Don't move," he demanded, covering them both with a sheet and quilt.

"I'll squash you," she answered, trying to disengage their tangled bodies, knowing she was ready to fall asleep, her body completely drained.

Daric quirked an arrogant brow at her and yanked her back against him, urging her head back to his shoulder. "I'm King of the Vampire Healers. I do not...get squashed."

Hannah rolled her eyes. "Am I going to stay here all day? It could get uncomfortable for you."

"Yes," he answered in a husky voice. "And I love you too, Hannah."

Her heart stuttered and skipped a beat. She already knew he loved her, had known it since he'd rushed into the horde of fallen without a concern for his own pain, intent on ensuring her safety. But hearing it aloud made her heart sing. Releasing another tired breath, she answered, "Okay. Just don't complain if you hurt when you wake up." And really, she was so very comfortable and felt so incredibly safe.

"Oh, I'll ache. But you'll be exactly where I need you to relieve the pain," he answered in a wicked, wicked voice. "And I'll know if you try to get yourself in trouble," he added, locking his arms around her waist.

Hannah smiled against his shoulder. Honestly, Daric could be such a caveman. "I won't," she answered honestly. "Seeing what you're willing to do to protect me scared me, Daric. I don't want to put you in danger."

"Speaking of that, mate, you will call me whenever you need me, for any reason. Don't ever try to close your thoughts to me again when you need help," he grumbled. "Or for any other reason."

"I was trying to protect you. I was afraid you would die. And it didn't work anyway," Hannah argued, the horrendous memory of being assaulted by the fallen making her shiver.

"Don't ever doubt that I can protect you, love. And I will. If anything ever happened to you I'd go insane just like my father. Only it wouldn't happen slowly. Keep that in mind next time you decide to risk yourself. You risk both of us," he told her sternly, but one of his hands moved from her waist to her hair, stroking it soothingly, as though trying to chase away the memories of the fallen.

Hannah sighed, thinking it was really too bad that she couldn't do anything worth him punishing her again. Her ass tingled, and her core clenched just thinking about Daric's brand of punishment.

"I could always think of some minor infraction," he suggested in a husky voice, his hand moving down to caress her ass.

"You'd make up something bogus?" she answered, smiling as she felt his c**k starting to swell inside her.

"Yes," he replied immediately.

"Your Majesty, that isn't very king-like behavior," she admonished him with a startled laugh.

Daric rolled, trapping her beneath him, his eyes hot with sinful intent. "Never did give a shit about being King," he rumbled, covering her mouth with his.

Hannah's body ignited, all thoughts of sleep slipping away as her desire roared to life.

Ah...was there anything better than royalty behaving badly?

Later, much later, Hannah decided that there really wasn't.

Epilogue

Six Months Later...

Daric tugged on the bow tie of the uncomfortable tuxedo he was wearing with a frown, using his magic to make the tie and top button of the shirt looser and more comfortable. Better. The starch in the shirt still scraped at his neck, but he'd live with it to make Hannah happy. Anything for Hannah.

He looked around the town park, wondering if everyone in Temple was here. It certainly felt like it. The park was overflowing with people...and vampires. Daric smiled, slightly amused as he wondered what the good people of Temple would think if they knew they were celebrating the Carvillius wedding, mingling around the park on a mild early summer evening, with a whole lot of hungry vampires and vampire healers.

His heart tripped, as he thought back to Hannah coming toward him earlier on Liam's arm, looking more radiant than any woman he had ever seen. And, being well over a thousand years old, he had seen a lot of women. But none compared to his bride, his beautiful Hannah. Not even close.

Every day, Daric swore he couldn't love Hannah more than he did that day. But the next he loved her more. Finally, he stopped thinking that he couldn't love her more, because he realized that he would be lying to himself. Every single day she would do something that would touch his heart. She always did. And he didn't think she would ever stop.

His eyes roamed the crowd, automatically searching for his bride, happy to see that many of his healers had attended with their new mates. The last several months had seen many healers mated, a fact that delighted Daric as it meant that he had more time to spend with his own mate, and that his healers were behaving. The Hale brothers were at the buffet table. Again. His smile turned evil as he watched the brothers tugging at the neck of their tuxedos, all of them being part of the wedding party. Liam had given Hannah away and had served as Daric's best man, while the rest of the Hale brothers had been groomsmen. Their mates had all stood up for Hannah as bridesmaids.

Daric shoved his hands in his pockets and made his way to the buffet table, ready to get another plate before the Hale men consumed the entire feast.

"Your Majesty, are you sure you don't want me to make you a protective ward?" Regan asked, standing next to Liam at the table, her brows drawn together with a concerned look.

Daric smiled at Regan, looking around briefly to make sure no one human heard Regan call him by his title. But there was nobody swarming the food except the Hale brothers with their mates tucked to their sides, their women watching them fondly as Ethan, Rory, Nathan and Liam wolfed down the food. "It doesn't work on me, Regan. But I thank you for offering again. Royalty has their own wards, a power that keeps us from harm against the mage. And please call me Daric." He bowed and departed to find Hannah.

Regan sighed. "He's so awesome," she whispered to Brianna, Callie and Sasha. The other women nodded their heads in agreement.

"He is not awesome. He is King. He's our ruler. But he is not awesome." Liam stopped filling his plate long enough to scowl at his mate.

Daric snickered as he walked away, listening as all of the Hale brothers explained to their mates why they were not allowed to find their King awesome. As though any one of the Hale brothers needed to worry? Their mates were so devoted to them that none of them needed to worry. Daric had a feeling that Regan had said that just to needle her mate and the other women colluded with her for the same reason. And people think vampires are diabolical. Women can be the very devil when they want to be. Personally, Daric loved seeing the Hale brothers get their comeuppance from their mates. When he got it from Hannah? -- Not so much.

All thought of food suddenly left him, as he felt Hannah moving inside his mind, solemn for some reason, on what should be the happiest day of her life.

Skirting around groups of people, both vampire and human, Daric followed the trail of his mate, desperate to know why Hannah was less than blissful at her own wedding reception. Whatever it was...he'd fix it. He and Hannah had spent the last six months in complete bliss. What could be the matter with her? Was she having second thoughts about him?

He stepped out of the lights of the reception area to the wooded area beyond, his temper flaring at the sight of Hannah moving into the woods by herself. Frantic, he pushed his way through the thick foliage, stopping abruptly as he saw a soft glow just ahead, the transparent figure of a woman seeming to hover above the water, his bride standing reverently before it, mumbling softly.

"I love him so desperately. I just don't want to shame him or his family. Thank you for the advice, mother." Hannah inclined her head in a gesture of respect as she spoke.

"You're welcome child," the shimmering image of the woman replied, slowly fading away, leaving the area lit only by moonlight.

"Hannah?" Daric watched his bride turn slowly, radiant as she started to smile.

Daric's breath seized as her smile widened, a glorious look of happiness on her face that she reserved only for him. Every damn time she saw him. And he always reacted the same way. Wonder. Joy. Awe. And a c**k as hard as granite.

Picking up the skirt of her ivory wedding gown, Hannah ran to him, throwing herself into his arms. "I love you, Daric. I can't believe you're my husband."

His arms wrapped around her soft, warm body as Daric inhaled the tantalizing scent that belonged uniquely to his mate. "What was that about? Who or what was that? And why are you out here in the dark by yourself? You know better." He tried to be angry, but he nearly groaned as she wrapped her arms around his neck, her br**sts rubbing against him and her softer form molding perfectly against his hardness.

"It was your mother, Daric. Did you know that there are areas where the veil between our world and the world of the Ancients is weak enough to speak to your ancestors? She told me to tell you that if you ever needed her, your father or Nolan, that you could speak to them here or one of the other places of weakness. Your father didn't have the chance to tell you," Hannah was chattering, her voice excited.

Impossible. He'd never spoken with the Ancients.

"You never tried," Hannah answered aloud. "All you have to do is call to them, ask for advice."

"And how did you come to know about this?" Daric answered, his voice still doubtful.

"I was worried. I guess everything overwhelmed me today. I was so happy, but afraid that I wouldn't make a good Queen. I have a business to run and things to do. I don't know anything about being Queen or even being the mate of a vampire healer. I called out to your mother, saying I wish I could get her advice. I guess I was desperate. She called me here." Hannah shifted in his arms, pulling back to peer up at his face. "You've probably always been strong enough to handle everything yourself, and, you weren't King, before. Your mother said it's a power that can only be used by the King and Queen."

Daric gaped at her, still incredulous that it was actually possible to speak to the Ancients. No. Not once had he ever called on his ancestors for help, tried to speak to his family.

"Because you never needed it," Hannah said wistfully. "I did."

Daric looked at his lovely mate with a frown. "You were worried? Why didn't you say something? You're perfect just the way you are."

"I love you, Daric. I want to be a help to you, not a burden that you have to protect."

Once, he had thought that having a woman would be a burden, a complete nuisance that he didn't want to deal with. "You saw my memories," he stated flatly, knowing she had seen his previous attitude at having a mate.

"Yes," she replied, her eyes leaving his face and staring at the buttons on his shirt. "You never really wanted a mate."

"I want you," he growled. "I didn't know what it would be like to have a woman who filled my heart and soul with happiness. I was f**king clueless, Hannah. I saw the worst example of what could happen with Nolan. I wouldn't change a thing about you and I damn well wouldn't do things differently. I didn't know that you would fill all the emptiness inside me. Hell, I didn't even really know it was there until I found you."

"I'm glad you feel that way because I think you're stuck with me," she answered, her laughter spilling over into her words. "I got bridal jitters after I saw your memories of not wanting a mate. But I think I'm over it now."

Damn well better be. If she wasn't over it, he'd take all the time he needed later to convince her of just how much he loved her, wanted her. "What did my mother say?" he asked, curious.

Hannah sighed. "She said to run my business, be happy with you, and everything else would work itself out. She has a very calming nature," she said thoughtfully.

Daric had never known his mother, but he knew she must have been an extraordinary woman for his father to have descended into madness from losing her.

"Would you like to talk to her? We could call her again," Hannah suggested, wrapping her arms around his shoulders and nuzzling her tempting mouth into the side of his neck.

Daric shuddered. He would call his family and talk with all of them. Later. He would like to see Nolan again, get to know his mother and share ideas with his father. He was happy that Hannah had discovered that conversing with them was possible, but it wasn't his priority right now. "Later," he answered, pulling his mate snugly against his body. "Right now I want to discuss the fact that you left without telling me or anyone else."

"Your mother called me here, Daric. She said it was safe," she answered, rolling her eyes at him.

Daric had to admit that Hannah had been good about not wandering away or doing things to endanger herself since the fallen attack. And his mother had called. Still, she had disobeyed.

Daric's c**k twitched, swelling at the trail his thoughts began to take. "A minor infraction, then," he told her, his voice harsh and coarse with desire.

His heart started beating at a frantic pace as Hannah smiled up at him with that sinful expression that always made him insane, desperate to take her, to remind her that she belonged to him and only him.

What the f**k. It was his wedding night. It was making him possessive.

Hannah tugged on his bow tie, pulling it loose and drawing it from his neck. "Anything makes you possessive," she reminded him as she tossed the tie over her shoulder.

Well, yeah. He couldn't argue that point. He swallowed the lump in his throat as her nimble fingers started unbuttoning his shirt. God, he loved it when she stripped him, even though he could easily divest them of their clothing with just a thought. "About that infraction," he grumbled. "Very naughty, wife."

He groaned as she started to trail her tongue over his chest, skin that she was quickly unveiling by tearing open his unbuttoned shirt. "Vampire, you haven't seen naughty," she answered in low, aroused voice. "Bring it on. I'm willing to obey your every command tonight."

Christ! Daric didn't bother to remind her that he was actually a vampire healer, because he didn't give a shit. She could call him any damn thing she wanted as long she claimed him as hers. "Home," he grunted, wrapping his arms around her, one at her waist and the other in her hair as he tilted her head to devour that wicked mouth of hers.

The two them disappeared as Daric swung his bride into his arms, clutching all that really mattered close to him as he teleported them away from their reception, unable wait another moment to get his wife into his bed.

Hannah's laughter rang out beside the moonlit water as they departed, the couples' happiness and love strong enough to penetrate the barrier between earth and the world of the Ancients.

Somewhere, beyond the barrier, Daric's mother, father and brother sighed in relief and rejoiced.

~The End~

