


Becoming a vampire is easy.
Living with the condition, that is the hard part.




Immortalis Carpe Noctem
By Katie Salidas

Book One in the IMMORTALIS series


Immortalis 
Carpe Noctem

SMASHWORDS EDITION

Copyright  2010 by Katie Salidas
Second Edition  2015 Katie Salidas
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.


SECOND EDITION

Editing by Sharazade
Cover Art by DJ Rogers
Interior Design by Katie Salidas

Published by Rising Sign Books, LLC.
http://www.RisingSignBooks.net
LCCN: 2010900421
ISBN-13 978-0-9844196-0-9

The Immortalis Series:
All 6 Books Are Available Now At All E-Retail Outlets



Becoming a vampire is easy. Living with the condition... that's the hard part. Join Alyssa as she stumbles through the world of the "Unnatural."

You are Reading - Book 1: Immortalis Carpe Noctem  - Newbie vampire Alyssa never asked for this life, but now it's all she has. Rescued from death by Lysander, the aloof and sexy leader of the Peregrinus vampire clan, she's barely cut her teeth before she becomes a target. Kallisto, an ancient and vindictive vampire queen  and Lysander's old mate - wants nothing less than final death for her former lover and his new toy. She's not above letting the Acta Sanctorum, and its greatest vampire hunter, Santino, know exactly where the clan can be found. With no time to mourn her old life, Alyssa's survival depends on her new family. She will have to stand alongside Lysander and fight against two enemies who will stop at nothing to destroy them.

Book 2: Hunters & Prey -  Rule number one: humans and vampires don't co-exist. One is the hunter and one is the prey. Simple, right? Not for newly-turned vampire Alyssa. A surprise confrontation with Santino Vitale, the Acta Sanctorum's most fearsome hunter, sends her fleeing back to the world she once knew, and Fallon, the human friend she's missed more than anything. Now she has some explaining to do. However, that will have to wait. With the Acta Sanctorum hot on their heels, staying alive is more important than educating a human on the finer points of bloodlust. 

Book 3: Pandora's Box -  After a few months as a vampire, Alyssa thought she'd learned all she needed to know about the supernatural world. But her confidence is shattered by the delivery of a mysterious package - a Pandora's Box. Seemingly innocuous, the box is in reality an ancient prison, generated by a magic more powerful than anyone in her clan has ever known. But what manner of evil could need such force to contain it? When the box is opened, the sinister creature within is released, and only supernatural blood will satiate its thirst. The clan soon learns how it feels when the hunter becomes the hunted.

Book 4: Soulstone -  Its a desperate time for rookie vampire Alyssa, and her sanity is hanging by a slender thread. Her clan is still reeling from the monumental battle with Aniketos; a battle that claimed the body of Lysander, her sire and lover, and trapped his spirit in a mysterious crystal. A Soulstone. Unfortunately, no amount of magic has been able to release Lysanders spirit, and the stone is starting to fade. Weeks of effort have proved futile. Her clan, the Peregrinus, have all but given up hope. Only Alyssa still believes her lover can be released. In despair, Alyssa begs the help of the local witch coven, and unwittingly exposes the supernaturals of Boston to unwanted attention from the Acta Sanctorum. The Saints converge on the city and begin their cleansing crusade to rid the world of all things Unnatural. In the middle of an all-out war, but no closer to a solution to the dying stone, Alyssa is left with an unenviable choice: save her mate, or save her clan.

Book 5: Moonlight - Good girls dont wear fur, or fight over men, and they certainly dont run around naked, howling at the moon. But then, no-one ever called Fallon a good girl. As a human unofficially mated to an Alpha werewolf, Fallon is being pressured to become...or be gone. Her mate Aiden, the interim leader of the Olde Town Pack, is in a position that demands he either choose a wolf mate...or leave the pack forever. No matter how hot the sex with Fallon is, he cant ignore centuries of tradition. Become a wolf or not. If only the choice were that simple. Fallons options are further clouded by the overt presence of other females desperate to be the Alphas mate. And when these bitches get serious, its not just claws that come out. If Fallon wants to keep her man and take the title shell have to exert a little dominance of her own.

Book 6: Dark Salvation - A gathering storm of violence is on the horizon. Whispered threats of the Acta Sanctorums return have the supernatural world abuzz. Only recently aware of the other world hidden behind our own, Kitara Vanders has barely scratched the surface of what being supernatural truly means. A special woman in her own right, she possesses unique telepathic abilities, gifts that have recently come under the scrutiny of the Acta Sanctorum, a fanatical organization whose mission is to cleanse the world of anything supernatural. Targeted, and marked for death, Kitaras only hope lies with the lethally seductive yet emotionally scarred warrior, Nicholas. 
Knowing full well the atrocities the Acta Sanctorum is capable of, Nicholas is all too eager for the battle to begin. Fueled by pain and rage from the loss of his mate, hes itching for a fight, but one thing stands in his way, Kitara: a beautiful dark-haired woman with unique psychic abilities and an unusual link to the Saints. Despite his resolve to remain focused on his mission, a purely physical relationship binds them together in a way neither of them expected. And when her life hangs in the balance, Nicholas finds his own is teetering on the edge too.


For my oldest daughter, Alyse.
You bring so much joy and happiness into my life.
I want you to know you can do anything you set your mind to. Mommy will always be there to give you the support you need to succeed.
* * * * *


Acknowledgments

I would not have completed this novel if it werent for the support of my loving family and friends. 
Nick, thank you for being the most loving and supportive husband a woman could hope for. I dont say it enough, but I am lucky to be with you. Thank you for beta reading and giving me honest feedback, even though you knew it might hurt my feelings. Thank you for enduring the late nights, the uncertainty, and for talking me down when I felt like giving up. 
Crystal, thank you for all the support and kind words. Thanks for enduring multiple drafts of this novel and pointing out all the things that needed work. I hope you are happy with the character you inspired. You are truly my best friend.
Joe & Sue Provost, thank you for your support, not just for this book, but for the long years you have stood by me. Im proud to have such wonderful parents. 
To my many beta readers, thank you. All of your comments, criticisms, and compliments helped shape this novel. It would not be what it is today without your help. 
And finally, to my daughter, Alyse. Thank you for being you. Watching you grow and experience the world provides so much inspiration. 


CHAPTER 1
* * * * *

I hated waiting!

I shot impatient glances at my phone, checking the time displayed in green LED. It was late and I was restless. 
Sounds of clapping in the background signaled that another poetry reading had finished. 
It was a busy night at Caf Copioh; but then, just about every night here was busy. 
Copioh drew in a unique crowd from the nearby college. It wasnt one of those fancy frou-frou coffee houses where nameless baristas slung foamy beverages to a waiting hoard of credit card-wielding consumers. This place was small, intimate, and had a bohemian feel: colorful, vibrant, and eclectic. Each wall had been painted in a different color: teal, maroon, sand, and sage. Reprints of various famous artworks lined the walls, including a large mural of Van Goghs Starry Night, in black light reflective paint. A plethora of flea market-style furnishings were strewn about haphazardly in the large space, completing the relaxed, homey feel. 
Mike, the managera stereotypical beatnik-esque guy, complete with goatee and long pony-tailset down a Styrofoam cup filled with a dark, chocolaty drink. You adding this to your tab, Alyssa?
I smiled thankfully, knowing I owed that man at least half my paycheck already. Yeah. Ill pay up on Friday, okay?
He nodded and walked away.
I was a regular here, and Mike usually let me slide as long as I made some attempt at paying down my massive tab. I could be found here almost every night. And so could my friend, Fallon who was inexcusably late again.
I shot another impatient glance at my phone and sighed. 
Ten p.m. Cmon Fallon, I dont want to wait all night. 
A shrill voice blared over the cafs speaker system. I cringed. Another dreary poem. 
Someone was almost always on the makeshift stage. Reading poetry was the custom here. I leaned into the cushions of my favorite brown threadbare loveseat in the front window, far away from the stage, and tried unsuccessfully to ignore the babbling. I never did care for poetry. Most of it was nothing more than nonsensical emotional ramblings, with too much use of words like dark, black, emptiness, and despair.
A hum of mumbling voices nearby tempted me to listen. Eavesdropping here was like having a front-row seat to a taping of my own personal soap opera. Tidbits of gossip about people I knew piqued my interest, momentarily stealing my focus. 
The sudden jingle of my cell phone startled me. I jumped to answer it, almost knocking over my mocha. I didnt need the caller ID to tell me who it was. Fallon was well over an hour late. 
Please tell me youre close. You would not believe the day I had. I need to vent, I blurted out before she had a chance to speak.
Sorry, Alyssa, Im not going to make it out tonight.
Great, what else could go wrong today? 
What? No! Oh, cmon, Fallon. Dont leave me hanging. I need a friend today. I got fired.
Lyss, I dont feel like going out tonight. Im tired and its already late. Lets just meet up tomorrow, okay?
There was something in her voice. If Id not been in such a bad mood I might have recognized it, but in my anger, I simply huffed in response. 
Alyssa, I promise, tomorrow, Fallon was using her most sympathetic voice.
Yeah, sure. Whatever. I didnt bother hiding my disappointment.
Sorry, Lyss, Ill make it up to you. I promise. Well go out tomorrow. You can tell me all about work then, okay?
Fine. But next time, dont leave me hanging here by myself for an hour before you decide to cancel on me. I breathed a disappointed sigh and ended the call. 
The perfect end to the perfect day. Might as well pack up and go home. I gulped down my mocha, waved to the manager, and walked out the front door. 
A hot summer breeze greeted me: a mixture of coffee, car exhaust, and the lingering tang of grease from a nearby taco shop.
I set off across the street to the University. My apartment was on the other side of campus. Just a quick ten-minute walk and Id be home. 
Being a petite woman, I never did like walking home alone, especially at night, and tried to avoid it whenever possible. This time, though, I had no choice. Fallon would have been my ride, but since she stood me up, I had to hoof it. Reaching into my bag, I pulled out a keychain of pepper spray. Old Reliable. 
Knives could be turned against you and do some serious damage. Pepper spray was a good enough deterrent without having the potential to be deadly. If someone managed to get it away and use it against me, the worst I could expect was stinging eyes, and that was better than a stab wound.
UNLV was quiet at this time of night. The regular classes had ended hours before and the walkways were empty. Armed with my pepper spray, I took the pathway leading toward the theater and music halls. 
Just walk fast and dont talk to anybody. I hated walking home alone. 
Sounds of distant chatter caught my attention. Echoes of raised voices reverberated off brick buildings. A couple of men were arguing somewhere ahead of me. 
Small lamps dotted the walkway, and floodlights hung from the corners of some of the buildings. Normally, there was plenty of light on the walkway, but tonight things seemed darker. A light on one of the buildings flickered. I noticed another buildings lights had completely burned out, leaving a portion of my path in darkness. 
Imagination got the better of me though I tried to remain calm. Tightening my grip on the keychain, I quickened my pace. I gritted my teeth and fought against the weak voice of my intuition telling me to go back to the caf. Almost home, just keep going.
The arguing voices faded into silence as I neared the theater. An eerie quiet sent a shiver dancing down my spine. I stopped and looked around, checking for any movement in the shadows. Intuition, no longer a weak voice in my head, screamed at me to run. Something wasnt right.
Anxiety kicked my heart into high gear, pounding so hard I thought it might punch a hole straight through my chest. And, when an unexpected voice called out, Excuse me, I damn near shit myself. 
Excuse me, miss. Hello. Can you help me? The voice called out again. 
Against my better judgment, I turned around to see the man belonging to that voice.
Sorry to bother you. Im new here and kind of lost. Could you tell me where the library is? Im supposed to be meeting a friend there.
I squinted, trying to get a better look at the guy who had called out to me. A skinny, twenty-something guy passed out of the shadows into the light. He didnt seem all that intimidating. I felt a little silly for letting myself be spooked. He looked like an average college guy: short spiky hair, glasses, and a sarcastic saying t-shirt. For a second, I thought I recognized him from somewhere. Maybe hed stopped into Copioh before.
I took my finger off the pepper spray trigger. Sorry, Im a little jumpy tonight. Its no problem. Just go down that way. I pointed in the direction of the library.
Something tapped me hard on the shoulder. I turned around, seeing a blur of knuckles just before a fist slammed into my face. 
Pain shot through my jaw. Stunned, my vision blurred out of focus. I dropped my bag and keychain as I fell, landing hard on my back. The impact knocked the wind out of me. A hot throbbing radiated from my cheek to my ear. 
I looked up, trying to focus through the confusion and pain. A hulk of a man stood before me, not the skinny guy Id been speaking to. 
Help! I screamed. 
The large man swung his foot, and hammered hard into my ribs.
I yelped as burning pain shot though my chest. 
Keep your mouth shut, slut, if you know whats good for you, threatened the heavyset man.
I was sure he had just broken at least one of my ribs. Bile rose up my throat. I rolled onto my knees, vomiting on the ground. Sharp pains stabbed me from within as I heaved. The contents of my late-night snack spread in a sickening puddle over the concrete. 
I looked up, barely able to make out through my blurry vision the skinny man walking toward me. Fear, panic, and anxiety tore through me all in the same instant. I cowered, afraid of what would happen next. 
Gone was the friendly face he had fooled me with. The skinny mans lips twisted in a vicious smile, revealing dirty, tobacco-stained teeth. Removing his belt, he used it as a whip and struck me. The leather stung as it tore open my face. 
Again I yelped. Hot tears streamed down my cheeks; stinging the bleeding wound I had just received. I tried to crawl away, but before I could get far, a foot came down hard on my hands. A large, thick-soled boot crushed my knuckles, twisting side to side as if stamping out a cigarette.
I screamed at the top of my lungs, hoping someone would hear me and come to my rescue.
Shut up or I'll shut you up, the skinny man commanded. Now, were going to have a little fun. 
Pleasenodont hurt me.
This one is too easy, Mark, he said to his large friend.
Yeah, not much fight in her, the heavyset man laughed. But shes got a nice tight little body. Mmmm, look at those boobs, Craig. Bit more than a handful there, huh?
He reached out, his hand just grazing my chest. 
I balled myself up on the ground. 
Are you scared, little girl? taunted the man called Mark.
The two men hovered over me, laughing.
I tried to reach out for my keychain, hoping to grab it, but it was too far. My heart pounded, my stomach ached, and my ribs hurt. Pushing aside the pain, I stretched out as far as I could. 
If I could just reach the keychain, I could pepper-spray them, and give myself a chance to run. 
It was my only hope. 
My fingers had just grazed the edge of one of the keys when something sharp pierced my lower back. 
I screamed again. A meaty hand forced itself over my mouth. Thick arms wrapped around me, lifting me up to my knees. 
See what you made me do? His hot breath blew against my ear as he spoke. I felt the knife as he slowly pulled it out of my back. I whimpered under his grip over my mouth. He pushed me toward the pavement. 
I had no chance to break the fall. The ground came at me too fast. My head struck hard, with a crack. Throbbing pain radiated through my temples. 
The man called Mark bent down, grabbed my keychain, and threw it. A faint echo sounded as it dropped, telling me I was doomed. I had nothing left, no weapon with which to fight. I was at their mercy and so utterly helpless. 
In that moment, I knew my life was over. Even if they had their way and left me there, I would die. 
I whimpered, trembling as he showed me the knife, freshly coated with my blood. He waved slowly it in front of my face.
You wont be trying a stunt like that again, will you? he said.
I turned my head and saw the skinny man out of the corner of my eye. He busied himself rummaging through my bag, tossing aside my book, makeup, and various trinkets. After finding my wallet, he pocketed it and tossed the bag aside, shifting his focus back to me. 
Please, let me go. Please. My voice cracked as I pleaded.
Pain flooded my senses. I couldnt tell where the sensations were coming from. Tears streamed down my face. Shock set in and my head swam with dizziness. I tried to focus on the stars above, something, anything to ground me in reality, but my vision clouded, as if I were looking through frosted glass. 
Why me? Why is this happening to me?
I had just lost my job, I had no clue how I would pay my rent, and my best friend had ditched me. Worst. Day. Ever! All Id wanted to do was get home to my apartment. Id done nothing to deserve this.
Why had I stopped to answer that man? 
The world blurred in and out of focus. I fought to stay conscious. I dont want to die. I dont want this. Please, someone save me. 
You hold her down, Mark and Ill have a go with her first, then you can have your turn, said the skinny man, smiling, giving me a close-up of his crooked yellow teeth. I rolled sideways, curling into the fetal position.
Why do you get to go first? I dont want her when shes cold.
If you shut up and let me take my turn, shell still be alive when you get her. 
I hated the way they talked. I hated the fact that the last thing I would hear before I die was their voices. I wasnt a person to them. Just a conquest. Nothing more than an object for them to use for their sinister pleasure. I was going to die, just another statistic. 
Fine, but hurry, Mark grumbled as he tossed the knife to his friend. He took his frustration out on me, kicking me once more before rolling me on to my back to hold me down. I knew what was coming next. 
Pleasedont, I moaned weakly. 
With one quick motion, the skinny man sliced my shirt and bra open, grazing my skin with the tip of the blade. I hissed, feeling the sting as a line of blood traced the fresh cut. He straddled me, admiring his work. Blood pooled between my breasts, thick and sticky. A sinister smile crossed his face, telling me he was savoring the fear in my eyes. His lips twisted upwards as he wiped his hand across the new wound, smearing the blood all over my skin. 
The weight of his body pressed against my already broken ribs, sending new shocks of pain into my stomach. I prayed it would be over soon. 
How long are you going to take? Mark complained again. Hurry up. I want my turn.
My blood oozed out onto the concrete from the wound on my back. I felt as if I were deflating. Drowsiness pulled me into darkness. My eyelids drooped. I didnt want to be awake for what they wanted to do anyway. I welcomed the end of this torment. 
A sharp sting hit me like a streak of lightening. My eyes shot open. Through the haze I saw the skinny mans hand, cocked and ready to deliver another strike. My cheek throbbed with a warm pain. 
Oh, no, youre not. Youre staying awake for this, he sneered.
Mark laughed and gripped my wrists tighter, above my head. Do that again, Craig. Give her a last parting memory.
Will you shut up? I cant concentrate with you talking. 
Thankfully, I didnt have to try blur out the image of this man on top of me. I was too weak to fight my coming death. The words of the large man holding my wrists echoed in my mind. I would be cold and dead soon. 
Is that any way to treat a lady? a strange, deep, velvety voice asked.
A sense of hope reawakened in me. My eyes shot open again, and I saw my attackers too had turned their attentions toward the interruption.
Grateful for any new distraction, I strained to turn my head to look for this new and strange voice. Whoever he was, he might be able to stop these men and take me away.
Get lost, bud, this isnt your concern, the skinny man, Craig, said.
You would dare harm an innocent young girl? The new voice was oddly calm and arrogant. Such savagery. You must realize I cannot allow you to continue. 
I said, get lost, man. A slight shudder came from Craig. I felt the vibrations through my body. He jerked his head from side to side frantically, as if scanning the surroundings. A bead of sweat dripped from his head above me, landing right on my cheek.
A footstep echoed on the darkened path as the stranger approached. I could just make out the faint outline of a man in the shadows. 
My attackers seemed temporarily frozen with fear as they watched the man emerge from the darkness. 
As the light hit the stranger, I saw a pair of eerily pale eyes lock onto me. There was a moment, just a flash of feeling, but I could have sworn I felt him whisper, stay calm, in my ear. Couldnt have though, he was so far away. He casually walked over, the sounds of his footfalls breaking the sudden silence. 
I wanted desperately to get away before anything else happened to me. Intuition told me something was different about this stranger. My hair seemed to stand on end as he approached. His eyes shone with an unnatural glow. I wanted nothing more than to escape, but fear and the weakness of my beaten body kept me firmly in place. My only hope was that somehow I might survive this night.
Panic seemed to overtake my attackers; they looked as if they wanted to run, but didnt. Mark tightened his grip on my wrists, painfully so. I thought he might crush all the bones in my hand. 
The stranger knelt down next to us. He looked at Craig, sitting on my chest and waved his hand, motioning for him to get off of me. 
I felt the vibrations of Mark trembling, still holding my wrists. His arms shook violently, but he didnt let go. 
Craig ignored the stranger, focusing his attention on me. His eyes locked onto mine. The arrogant expression faded from his face.
Please, let me go, please, I whispered.
Again, the stranger motioned for Craig to get off me. When the gesture was ignored a second time, the stranger spoke. 
My patience is wearing thin. Remove your hands from this girl. And do it quickly before my temper gets the better of me. His voice was more than dangerous this time. Even I was ready to run, if I could.
Again, Craig ignored the request; he stared stone-faced at me. Beads of sweat dripped from his chin onto my exposed chest. Defiant as he was trying to be, I saw the terror in his wide eyes. 
After a few moments, the stranger made his move. With the ease of a man throwing out a sack of garbage, he grabbed Craig, lifted him off of my chest, and tossed him, sending his body flying into a nearby wall. It landed with a dull thud. 
Mark recoiled, releasing his grip on me; however, he did not run away. He stood still, like a deer caught in the headlights. The stranger turned to look at him, staring intently into his eyes. 
You will stay there. Calm as can be, the strangers voice demanded obedience. Youll have a good view.
Mark nodded, his eyes wide with fear. Obediently, he remained in place, just as the stranger had instructed.
I wondered what would happen next. Even if I had the strength, I dared not move after seeing what this stranger was capable of. I wanted to scream, but my voice no longer had any strength; only soft whimpers escaped from my lips. 
The stranger knelt down, looking at me kindly. His eyes were hypnotic, big and gray with flecks of blue. He smiled and caressed my bruised face. His touch was cool and soothing to my angry wounds. A strange calm took over as I looked into his eyes. 
Whats your name? He asked. His eyes narrowed and his eyebrows pulled down in concentration. 
My vision flickered, but I felt his deep, blue-gray eyes probing me, urging me to stay conscious.
A-A-Alllyssssa. It took work just to get the name out. My body wasnt cooperating. The simple task of moving my lips to speak was almost too much to handle.
A still, grave expression marked the strangers face; he bent down further, whispering in to my ear. Im sorry, Alyssa. I know you have suffered much this evening, but I must do this; you are too far gone. 
I managed a nod. I knew this would be the end. He placed a hand behind my back, lifting me up to him. With his other hand, he wiped the hair from my neck. His touch was so cold and soothing to my aching body. 
Again, he whispered his apology as he leaned in close to me. His cool lips gently opened on my neck, followed by a tiny pinch as his teeth pierced my skin. 
A wave of calm fell over me. What little strength I had left my body, and I gave way to his embrace. The pain of my wounds diminished with each passing second. Gentle numbness consumed me as I felt the life drain from my body. He supported me, holding me close so I would not slump back to the ground. 
I could no longer see or hear. I passed in and out of consciousness. I wasnt scared. I was at peace: there was no pain, no fear, just peace.


CHAPTER 2
* * * * *

As I waited for the infamous light to follow to the next life, a tingling liquid trickled down my tongue. It pooled in the back of my throat. Instinct made me swallow. 
My throat erupted in flames. Heat spread throughout my body, lighting a path through my insides. My skin felt as if was a shell locking in the flames. 
I was ripped from my peaceful death and back into this painful new consciousness. I wanted to scream out in agony, but couldnt. Something hard and cold covered my mouth, pressing against my face. 
I tried to struggle against the pressure, but my body would not cooperate. I was motionless as a rag doll and at the mercy of this thing.
A voice broke the silence of my personal hell and commanded me, Drink!
I obeyed and swallowed, causing more flames to char my insides. 
Slowly, my vision came back. The frightening blackness became a hazy blur of objects. I barely made out the fuzzy shapes and figures around me. I realized it was the stranger commanding me and covering my mouth. 
I tried again to struggle, and this time my body responded. I jerked sharply to the side and turned my head. I tried to scream, but the only audible sound that escaped from my lips was a loud gurgle. 
The stranger too jerked back for a moment. I saw deep, red liquid drizzling down his arm. 
Ugh, I gurgled again. What the hell! Was that blood? His blood?
He quickly recovered, pulling me back to him, and forced his wounded arm back over my mouth. He held me firm, continuing to force me to drink.
I couldnt comprehend what was happening. I didnt want to drink anymore. I didnt want to burn. Where was my peaceful death? I wanted it all to be over. I wanted the pain to stop. The fire was too intense. I could do nothing to stop it though. My body was motionless and uncooperative. 
After what felt like a small eternity, he released me. I rolled over, curling up into a ball, thankful not to have to swallow any more of the burning liquidhis blood. I lay there trembling, my insides on fire. 
The stranger clutched his wounded arm; a pained expression crossed his face. He took slow, measured breaths and stood up. 
The world began to spin around me. My arms and legs twitched involuntarily. My stomach lurched. I was going to be sick. Instinctively I rolled onto my knees, heaving and convulsing; each movement sending shocks of pain down my spine. My body wanted none of this blood inside of it. But nothing came up. It was trapped inside of me. 
My chest suddenly felt heavy and full. I gasped for air; feeling is if my lungs were filling with fluid. My heart pounded hard, threatening to explode from the pressure.
Just as I thought I could take no more, the burning stopped. My muscles gave in and I collapsed on the ground. 
I stared blankly at the sky above as my body went cold. 
Tiny pin pricks danced across my skin, like the waking of a sleeping limb. Every hair stood on its end and I flushed with goose bumps. 
The ground suddenly felt hot. 
My vision blanked again and darkness surrounded me. I hoped this time it would really be over. I was ready to cross into the next life. I didnt want to suffer any longer.
Relax, Alyssa, this will all be over soon, the stranger said.
I prayed for death, but it would not come. 
I learned a new pain as pressure mounted in my head. My jaw tightened, forcing my mouth to open wide. My ears felt like they would burst. I felt my teeth moving, shifting around in my mouth. I let out a hoarse, pain-filled moan as I struggled to pop my jaw and close my mouth. My head throbbed, aching from the pressure. 
Suddenly, my vision returned, clear and sharp. I was able to focus on the stranger. Hed turned his attention to my attacker.
I tried to scream for help, but no sound escaped.
Have you seen enough? the stranger snickered, his voice full of mocking arrogance. 
Mark remained frozen in his spot, just as the stranger commanded. Fear marked his puffy face and his eyes were still wide with fright. 
You will now pay for what you made me do here tonight. 
A wicked smile crossed the strangers face as he grabbed Mark by the neck, then bit down, hard. 
Mark let out a faint moan as the stranger drained him. Color faded from his bloated face. His arms flailed wildly in a futile attempt to fight. 
I felt no sorrow for this man as I watched his struggle. The pain of my wounds was a result of the torment he had inflicted on me. He deserved this. He deserved to die.
Marks eyes darkened and his arms fell limp. 
The stranger unceremoniously dropped the lifeless body in a heap on the ground and turned back to me. I caught the intensity of his eyes. He was a frightening sight at that moment. I trembled, watching a small line of fresh blood drip down his chin. He exhaled a long, pleasurable sigh before wiping the blood from his face. He had saved me from those men, but I wasnt convinced yet that he was no danger to me. 
He bent down to me again, and wiped the hair out of my face. His touch no longer felt cold. I recoiled in fear, but my body was still too weak to let me move far.
Whowhat  are you? I asked.
I am Lysander, he said matter-of-factly. The tips of his fangs poked out from behind blood-stained lips. We are not done yet. You need more blood.
He stood up and walked over to the skinny man, still unconscious on the ground where he had been thrown earlier. Lysander grabbed him by the back of his shirt, and the man let out a faint moan as his body was dragged over to me. 
You need to drink if you want to make it through the night, Lysander said. He picked up the knife that had been left on the ground and cut into the mans wrist. 
I shuddered, seeing blood pool to the surface of the fresh wound. 
Lysander sat me up and pushed the bleeding wrist to my mouth. 
No, I whimpered and tried, unsuccessfully, to turn awayI still did not have much control over my body. 
I didnt want to drink any more blood. I was repulsed at the thought of it. Lysander held the mans wrist firm and offered it to me again.
You must drink this, or you will die. He stared at me with hard, cold eyes. His voice echoed in my head, telling me I had no other option. Lysander pushed the wounded arm to my lips. 
My tongue grazed the wound, tasting the sticky wetness. This wasnt the liquid fire I had just experienced from Lysander. It was almost sweet. I swallowed quickly, surprised that it soothed my pain as it ran down into my stomach. 
Good girl, Lysander said in a whisper. Keep drinking.
With each swallow, the trembling of my limbs lessened. 
Strength slowly returned to my body. I drank deeply, ignoring the thought that it was bloodit was my remedy and nothing else. I needed it to end my pain and suffering. 
Soon, I was able to control and lift my arms; the trembling had stopped. A blissful fuzziness, as if I were drunk, filled my head. My mind swam with euphoric pleasure. I found myself lapping at the wound like an animal. I wanted to draw out every last bit of this healing elixir. 
Lysander must have noticed. He pulled the wounded arm away from me. 
Thats enough for now, he warned.
As soon as I stopped drinking, the pins and needles returned, tingling and pricking at my skin. 
No, I need it, I rasped. Please, I need more.
An understanding smile crept across Lysanders face. He chuckled. 
You have had enough for now, young one. There will be plenty more, when the time comes.
Pain was already increasing as each second passed. Tingles became sharp pin pricks. My insides were no longer on fire, but every muscle in my body ached. I needed more. I did not want to feel pain again. I tried to get up, but lost balance. My stomach churned. I fell. White light flashed before my eyes as my head hit the ground.


CHAPTER 3
* * * * *

Darkness surrounded me. A voice spoke softly in my head. Do not die, young one. Be strong. Do not die.
I became painfully aware of liquid pouring down on me, each drop like an icy hammer hitting my sore skin. Movement echoed in my ears, telling me that I wasnt alone. Slowly, I opened my eyes. Harsh light blinded me. My mind was fuzzy. I struggled to recall any small detail that might clue me in to what had happened and where I was.
I reached up to wipe the splattering water from my face and chanced opening my eyes again. As I looked up, I found the source of the water, a showerhead on the opposite wall. Confused by my odd location, I struggled to penetrate the blackness of my memory and figure out how I had ended up in a bathtub. 
Where the hell am I?
Everything was bright, too bright, and unfamiliar.
My vision, it seemed, had become remarkably sharp while I was unconscious. I couldnt remember ever seeing so many details in such simple surroundings as these before. 
Cream-colored tiles covered the walls, each rippled with tiny imperfections. Each held an individual pattern, making them unique and special. Yellowing, porous grout, framing the tiles, appeared to be littered with dots from small air bubbles that had come to the surface, creating different patterns and shapes. 
Even the plain white curtain that separated me from the rest of the room seemed unusually detailed and perfectly woven. I saw each tiny strand that had been tightly bound together to form this heavy, durable cloth. 
Small specks of mold building up in the corners of the porcelain basin werent able to escape my new sight either.
The amazing level of detail I experienced didnt hold my attention for long. Freezing water still poured down on me. I needed to reach the handle and end the cold assault, but it seemed so far out of my reach. I eased myself up to a sitting position, my muscles aching with each small movement. Looking down, I saw my beaten body. The water had washed away some of the grime, but what was left of my shredded clothes was stained and clinging to my skin.
Uggh! I moaned. 
Oh, good, youre alive, said a male voice from behind the white curtain. 
Id have jumped out of my skin if my muscles were working properly. The strange voice startled me so, but though it was odd, it was also very familiar. I searched my fuzzy memories to place the voice with a face. A wave of fear came over me as I remembered the attack.
Had I been kidnapped? Was I a hostage of some kind? I struggled to recall the events of the evening.
Youve been out for a few hours. I was worried I might have lost you, he spoke with kindness, I almost believed him.
What? I called, still not sure who I was talking to. 
It doesnt always work. Some people cant be turned.
Turned?
I again tried to run through my memories of what had happened. I remembered blood, and the feeling of my body burning from the inside.
Ill explain it when youre done in there. Ive left some clothes on the toilet. I hope they fit. The voice trailed out of the bathroom. 
I tried to stand. My muscles ached. Gripping the edge of the tub, I moaned as I pushed myself up. My legs didnt want to cooperate; they shook as they tried to support my weight. It was as if I was learning to stand for the first time. 
I felt weak and a little dizzy. I leaned against the wall, using it as a crutch to help me to balance while I removed what remained of my shredded and blood-stained clothes. I shuddered, seeing more of the wounds that covered my body. I shouldnt have survived.
Each bruise I saw invoked a terrible memory: the man on my stomach laughing, the knife waving in front of my face, teeth biting me, a stranger drinking my blood.
I turned the shower handle to hot and let the water run down my back. The warmth soothed my sore skin. I rested my head against the wall and tried to rationalize what had happened. I blamed myself for walking alone. I knew better. I should have asked someone to walk with me or drive me. I cursed myself for relying on a stupid keychain of pepper spray as my protection. 
I could hardly believe everything that had happened. I saw myself lying on the ground, drinking blood from a strange mans arm. 
What was his name? Was I really drinking blood? Why was I even alive? Did that man save me? 
The thought of blood caused an ache in the pit of my stomach. 
I pinched myself a few times.
Maybe this was all just a really bad dream and I just needed to wake up. 
None of it made sense 
Maybe someone had slipped something into my coffee at the caf. I hadnt really been drinking blood, had I?
I couldnt stop focusing on the blood I had drunk. A sweet, sticky taste crept up from the back of my throat. I gulped at the water pouring down from the showerhead, trying to smother the flavor. My stomach retched as I swallowed, causing me to sputter and spit the water to the ground. I tried to ignore the nagging ache in the pit of my stomach. I needed answers first. I needed to know why I was here and where here was. I needed to know what the hell had happened to me.
I finished rinsing, turned off the water, and slid open the shower curtain. The light seemed brighter in the rest of this room. I squinted, letting my eyes adjust a little. The rest of the bathroom was small and narrow. Nothing more than a simple toilet, shower, mirror, and vanity sink. The only real color in the room came from the red towels hanging on the towel bar and the bath mat on the floor.
I grabbed one towel and wrapped it around myself and then noticed the clothes left on the toilet seat. They appeared to be new and for a brief moment, I wondered where he had gotten them.
I guess this will have to do, I mumbled as I pulled on a simple green spaghetti-strap tank top. I slid my legs into a pair of blue jeans and pulled them up. Fastening the button, I felt a small pinch in my back. I reached around, touched a hard scab, and winced, remembering the pain of the knife that had been stabbed into my back.
How was I even alive? I certainly shouldnt have been after the ordeal Id been through.
I checked myself out in the mirror. Most of my wounds were already healing. Bruises that werent covered by clothing had started turning yellow. The cuts on my back and face had scabbed over too. I noticed something on my neck. Brushing away the wet strands of my red hair, I saw a half-ring of small bruises and two very deep-looking holes.
Lysander, I thought, suddenly remembering the strangers name.
My memory flashed again. I remembered the pinch as his teeth sunk into my neck. I shuddered again as a chill danced down my spine.
Whatwho was this Lysander? He couldnt be aNo. Thats silly; they arent real.
I gave the rest of my body a quick once-over in the mirror and suddenly I stopped in shock.
My eyes, I gasped. Oh, my God!
I couldnt believe it. 
How is this possible? Those are not my eyes.
All the color had disappeared. Large gray eyes stared back at me from the mirror. They were pale and cloudy with hints of blue, no longer the emerald green they used to be. These were the same eyes I looked into when I got my first glimpse of Lysander. 
Wondering what else had changed, I surveyed the rest of my face: ears, hair, lips, all seemed the same. Thinking of the bite on my neck, I opened my mouth. Gone was the five-thousand dollar, perfectly straight, smile that had taken me four years to pay off. My eyeteeth appeared to have grown larger, crowding the surrounding ones. The new, slightly larger, canine-like teeth poked down below the others, reminding me of fangs the kind vampires from Hollywood movies were famous for. I playfully licked at them, noting how much sharper they felt as they scraped across the surface of my tongue.
This cant be possible. 
It was time to find this Lysander guy and get some answers.


CHAPTER 4
* * * * *

I stepped out of the bathroom into a small, dark hallway, noting doors to my left and right. Peering through an arched opening in the wall in front of me, I saw light and dancing shadows. 
Maybe I should look for Lysander there. 
I limped slowly through the archway, my muscles aching with each step.
The living room was cavernous, with vaulted ceilings. Though only two small lamps provided light, the room appeared as bright as if it were daylight inside. I squinted, allowing my eyes some time to adjust as I searched for Lysander. The small lamps, on top of side-tables, cast their glow on a U-shaped sitting space. A large, overstuffed black leather couch sat against a wall, flanked by two smaller matching loveseats.
Lysander sat on the couch, looking down at a book in his hands. He appeared not to notice me slowly making my way toward him. 
I stopped long enough to get a good look at him. His skin was flawless, smooth as porcelain and just as pale, showing no signs of wrinkles or imperfections. He had a slightly pointed nose that hung over a pair of thin lips and his wide masculine jaw tapered down to a perfect crescent chin. 
I might have thought him a statue for the still and rigid way he sat on the couch. His broad shoulders hunched as he looked down, obviously engrossed in the book in his hands. 
A glass coffee table sat in front of him, littered with papers and an antique-looking book. 
I quickly scanned the rest of the room, wondering if anyone else was here with us. I was barely ready to speak with Lysander, and the prospect of more people like him sent a shiver of fright down my spine. 
The opposite wall housed a large set of bookshelves with a librarys worth of old-looking books. A television was mounted to the wall between the bookshelves. Its light mingled with the glow of the table lamps, creating dancing images on the bare white walls. There was no warm, homey, lived-in feel, only a stark, minimalist theme to the dcor in this room. That, and the fact I didnt see another person, gave me a small measure of comfort, confirming that we were alone. 
Time to get some answers.
I steeled my courage and took a step forward. My ankle sagged. I let out a whimper as I lost balance and caught myself against the wall. 
Lysander looked up. Wavy dark hair framed his oval face in a messy yet purposeful way. His dark hair emphasized the almost transparent nature of his eyes and forced me to look directly at them. 
They were so beautiful.
I could get lost looking into those deep, swirling pools of gray. Small hints of blue sparkled at me like stars in the twilight sky. I was entranced. We stared silently at one another for a moment before he stood up.
Good to see you up and moving, he said in a smooth, velvety voice. He was at my side in a blurred flash, moving quicker than Id ever seen anyone move before. I stifled a small gasp as Lysander enveloped me in his strong arms and helped me to stand.
I suddenly felt the brush of butterfly wings buzzing deep within my stomach. Heat flushed my face. I looked down, not wanting to meet his gaze again. 
I have no doubt you are a little confused. Here, let me help you. He supported my weight, helping me walk. 
Where am I? I asked meekly.
My muscles gave out and I collapsed onto the soft leather of his couch. 
This is my home, Alyssa.
And who what are you? 
My memory flashed to the darkness and the sound of his voice commanding me to drink. I shuddered for a second riding a small wave of fear. 
Do not worry, Alyssa. I will not hurt you. He breathed a heavy sigh, taking a seat next to me. Ive done enough to you already. 
My hand moved instinctively to my neck. I touched the crusted scabs of two small puncture wounds. I recalled the small pinch of teeth and the pressure of his mouth against my neck.
What exactly have you done to me?
I must apologize for what has happened this evening. You would have died if I had not turned you.
Turned? What have you turned me into? I asked, my voice finding a small measure of strength.
Well. Lysander paused and took a slow, deep breath. To put it simply He reached up and pinched the bridge of his nose. His eyebrows pulled together and small creases formed in between them. 
I waited anxiously for what would come next. 
You are a vampire.
A what? I shrieked.
You are a vampire, Alyssa, he said slowly. An immortal.
No! Thats not possible. I shook my head in disbelief. Vampires arent real. Theyre fiction; nothing but stories and myths.
One of his dark eyebrows rose slightly. He cocked his head to the side. He smirked as his eyes trailed down from my face. Did you not notice the mark on your neck? Do you not remember drinking my blood? His fangs showed as he spoke: pure white, sharp little daggers, just a slight bit longer than the rest of his teeth. His voice carried that same arrogance I remembered from when he talked with my attackers.
My mouth hung open. No, this isnt possible. 
Things were still fuzzy in my head, but I did remember the blood, the liquid fire, I had been forced to drink. Id hoped it had just been some drug-induced dream. 
Oh, my God, it was true. I drank his blood. Ima  vampire?
Yes. He smiled. Our kind are very real. And now, Alyssa, you are one of us.
I slumped backwards into the cushions of the couch. His words hit me like a punch to the gut. I stared wide-eyed at the distant wall. This was like some terrible nightmare. I didnt want to believe what he was telling me, but I knew he was right. There was no other way to explain what had happened to me. No amount of hallucinogenic drugs could have explained how I had survived the attack, why I had these markings, or the sharpness of my own new set of fangs. 
Does that mean Im undead?
You are immortal, Lysander said with a casual wave of his hand. Undead is a silly term mortals use to explain the supernatural things they cannot possibly understand. You are no more dead than you were when you woke up this morning. You are just, for lack of a better word, changed.
Lysander gave me another toothy grin. His fangs were frightening to look at. The memory of him biting me played over and over in my mind like a video stuck on repeat.
But you drank my blood. My hand shot back up to cover the wound on my neck.
Only enough to allow the transformation. 
He reached out, grabbed my hand, and pulled it from my neck. 
Dont touch me. I flinched, annoyed and afraid at his sudden gesture. I tried to pull my hand out of his grip, but he was so much stronger than I was. He pushed my hand to my chest, forcing me to feel the erratic thumping of my heart. 
You see, he said calmly. Your heart still beats.
I let out a breath I didnt realize I had been holding. Buthow? I relaxed my hand relaxed under his grip.
Unlike some of your other organs, your heart is still necessary to keep blood flowing through your body. Lysander let go of me. For now, while your body is in transition, it will beat in an accelerated rhythm, but it will eventually slow itself to a more normal pace. 
I was speechless. My mind raced, recalling books and movies, everything I knew about vampire mythology. Bats, stakes, and garlic immediately popped into my mind.
I must mention that your generations ideas of vampires are a bit off. Lysander spoke with a hint of amusement in his voice. Many of the popular books and movies about our kind are no more real than childrens fairytales.
Is he reading my mind? I wondered how he seemed to say just the right thing as I was thinking it. So, none of the stories are true?
Most of the new stories you are probably familiar with are filled with complete nonsense.
What about the old ones, like Dracula?
Lysander sighed. His shoulders slumped. Dracula is not what I would consider an old story, but yes, a few are based on some truth, however little it may be. There is much that is added to make us seem easier to deal with. His lip curled into a crooked grin. Mortals like to think they can hurt us. It helps them sleep at night.
So, youre not afraid of crosses, then?
Lysander shook his head. Crosses and other holy relics are nothing more than symbols and decorations. I hardly see why an ornamental cross would stop me from doing anything. Furthermore, I think its time for the Christians to come up with a better symbol. One that is a little less gloomy. 
I chuckled. Okay, what about garlic?
He shrugged his shoulders. What about it?
Isnt garlic bad for vampires?
No. He shook his head. Why would it be? We dont eat, so how would it harm us? 
I nodded. Okay umm stakes?
His head tilted to the side as the corner of his lip lifted. You can try to stab me with a piece of wood, but I doubt it will do much more than aggravate me. We heal quite fast. Perhaps a blade would work better.
I shuddered, seeing his teeth again as he spoke. Is that how I look now? 
So, knives and swords are bad? 
Yes. It is much harder to regenerate a severed limb. And if we are separated from our heads, it would be safe to say we would cease to exist.
I smiled, noting the sarcasm in Lysanders voice. I could tell hed had this conversation before. He seemed to be enjoying my round of silly questions.
Holy water? I blurted out.
Lysander let out a hearty laugh. No, you wont melt into a pile of goo. You can throw most of that nonsense out of the window, Alyssa.
I giggled, realizing how silly it sounded: melting into a pile of goo after being splashed with water. Maybe this wont be so bad.
You see, we immortals are not as ridiculous as Hollywood likes to portray us. Though one thing is true... we do survive off the blood of the living.
The smile faded from my face. Blood; of course. That was the one true thing in all the myths. 
Lysander sat quietly as if waiting for me to do or say something. After a moment of silence, the casual smile disappeared from his lips. 
He had to know this revelation would be a shock to me, but I couldnt read his now expressionless face. The silence in the room quickly turned awkward. I guessed that he was waiting for me to respond or acknowledge my understanding or acceptance of what hed just told me. 
But how do you respond to someone who tells you that you will now survive on blood? For that matter, how the hell was I going to survive on blood?
Am I going to have to bite someone? No! Theres just no way I can do that. 
I sat there half dazed. As the thought of blood entered my mind, my stomach ached. Pangs of hunger nagged at me. I tried my best to ignore them. According to Lysander, hunger now meant blood; and if that was the case, I didnt want any. 
How, why...  I didnt have the ability at that moment to articulate all the thoughts swimming through my head. Words spilled out of their own accord, faster than I could form sentences. I just blood no. 
Its a lot to take in, especially since you were thrown into this, Lysander said in his soothing, velvety voice. It is not a common practice to turn someone who is completely oblivious to our kind. Please understand, I had to do this. You would have died if I hadnt turned you.
How am I going to drink someones blood? I cant do it. No! I wont do it. Thats disgusting.
Shock from this revelation tied my tongue. 
We can go into more detail about all of this after you have had a little time to accept it. There is more to know. 
More? Theres more? What else, do I have to eat brains, too? I dont think I can handle any more.
I sat, wringing my hands as I tried to ignore the ache building in my stomach. Was it hunger? Thirst, perhaps?
Lysanders brow furrowed as he watched me. I wondered if he understood what I was thinking or how I was feeling. 
Immortality, you might be happy to know, he said softly, does have a few pleasant benefits. You should already notice that your wounds are healing quite nicely. By tomorrow evening you will have completely healed, leaving almost no trace of tonights unfortunate events. 
I took a deep breath, attempting to calm my nerves, and then nodded at Lysander, thankful for the change in subject. I didnt want to hear anything more about blood.
As you get stronger, your body will regenerate itself faster.
I gave him a half-hearted smile.
Also, you will no longer age. Your body is now essentially frozen in time. The way you look today is the way you will continue to look forever.
That, I had to admit, was a pleasant revelation; to be twenty-five forever, to never have to worry about wrinkles or gray hairs. I could enjoy the idea that I would stay young forever. At least there were some perks to this.
Lysander returned my smile.
However, he continued, almost cautiously, the transformation causes you to lose the natural pigment in your skin. Without the melanin to protect you from ultraviolet light, you will sunburn  almost instantly.
I looked down at my hands. They did seem to be lighter. Blue veins showed more prominently under my pale skin. 
The same goes for your eyes. They too, are also going to be extremely sensitive to light. Even with sunglasses, the suns light will be quite blinding.
Great, another truth to the old myths; real vampires arent allowed out in the daylight. It saddened me to think I would never be able to go outside during the day again. I had not even been given a proper chance to say goodbye to sunlight. 
Guess that means tanning booths are out, too.
I wondered how hard it would be to live a nocturnal life. It seemed that now I would have no choice.
Lost in my depressed thoughts, I was vaguely aware that Lysander was still talking. We are creatures of the night, so to speak, and you will get used to this lifestyle soon enough.
His mention of being a creature definitely caught my attention.
Does that mean we have to sleep in coffins?
Not unless you want to. I detected a bit of sarcasm in his voice. 
He sat back into the couch; a slight smirk turned the corner of his mouth up. They are quite confining and uncomfortable. Personally, I prefer a large bed. But, if you wish, we can find you one.
What about the sunlight? I asked. Doesnt a coffin protect us from it?
Lysander shook his head. We sunburn easily, but we do not burst into flames, Alyssa, he scoffed. Proper window coverings are enough to keep us protected during the day. Sunlight is a danger and not particularly pleasant, but not immediately deadly.
I was silent, taking in all this new information. I desperately tried to remember the last sunrise I had seen, so I could burn the beautiful hues of orange and pink into my memory. 
Why did this have to happen to me? This sucks. No more daylight. Ill never feel the warmth of the desert sun again! 
Lysanders eyes locked on me. I felt an odd warmth radiating from him. The strange sensation broke me from my thoughts of daylight. 
Did he enjoy being a vampire? Did he ever have problems with this lifestyle? 
He broke the silence. Youre undoubtedly very weak and in quite a bit of pain at the moment. I promise this will not last too long. It may take a day or so for your mortal body to completely change. Blood will help this.
I winced at the mention of blood. 
You will need blood regularly, Lysander said.
Please, no. I waved my hands in front of my face. I dont want to talk about this. I cant.
Im sorry, but it is unavoidable. The living energy it provides is what keeps your immortal body functioning properly. You will have to have blood  and soon.
I looked away, turning from Lysander to the bookshelf, letting my eyes blur out of focus. I did not want to deal with this reality. My mind teeter-tottered between fear and confusion. I ran my tongue over my newly sharpened teeth. 
How am I going to live off blood? Does he really expect me to bite someone?
I wanted all of this to be a dream. Lysanders words reverberated in my head. Your body will need blood regularly.
How could I be this thing? I couldnt do this. Why the hell did this happen to me?
I realized Id been sitting silent for a while. I turned back toward Lysander, meeting his hypnotic blue-gray eyes. His stare questioned me, as if looking for some sign of acceptance. I wanted to speak, to say something profound, but all I could come up with was, Why me?
Fate, perhaps, Lysander said with a casual wave of his hand. Those two men were meant to be my victims. 
A pained look crossed his face, his brow furrowed as if the mention of those men caused him some unknown suffering. Regrettably, they attacked you first, and I couldnt allow you to die by their hands.
I nodded to myself as he spoke and again ran my tongue back and forth across my teeth, enjoying the new feeling of the sharp, pointed ones. I tried to grasp everything hed explained to me. It all sounded crazy, but this was reality now. 
Youll do best not to bring much attention to those, Lysander said catching me lick the tip of one of my teeth.
I snapped out of my daze. Sorry, I just cant help it, its all so... so...  I was at a loss for words. How could I describe how I felt about all of this? It was new and frightening.
He shot me a stern look. I know this is very different for you, but you will have to learn to be discreet about your new self. The world is not that accepting of us, and we must be vigilant for fear of discovery.
But who would we need to fear? Didnt you just tell me were immortal? 
He lowered his head and pinched the bridge of his nose before letting out an impatient sigh. Immortality does not mean invincibility, Alyssa. Annoyance tainted his voice. Ours is a life of secrecy. The better we blend in and the less attention we draw to ourselves, the better. There are people out there who hunt us. 
What do you mean, like actual vampire hunters? 
Lysander glanced up at the ceiling as if looking for guidance. Yes. There are hunters out there, Alyssa. They call themselves the Acta Sanctorumthe Saints. Their church promotes the hysteria that all supernatural beings, and anyone else who might be considered different, are unnatural. They see us as nothing more than monsters. They use fear to allow them free rein to kill whomever they please, to rid the world of what they deem evil. 
Wait, so you mean there are more than just vampires out there? What else is unnatural? Werewolves, wizards, witches?
Yes, there are many other supernatural beings in our world. But His face became serious, as if contemplating something important. Not all of us are evil, and sometimes the hunter should be destroyed rather than its prey. 
This was way too much to handle. I didnt want to hear anymore. I was overwhelmed. Vampires, werewolves, religious crusaders there were too many new things to process. I tried to get up, but my muscles protested, refusing to move more than an inch. I sank back down into the couch cushions.
Alyssa, let us try to concentrate on one thing at a time, for now. I know this is all new for you. Just try to focus on vampires, our kind, now. The Acta Sanctorum hunts
Maybe we should be put down, I snapped. My hand balled into a fist at my side.
What? 
Sounds to me like the Acting Santum people
Lysanders eyes narrowed. The Acta Sanctorum, he said slowly, enunciating each word.
Whatever. It sounds to me like they are trying to be the good guys. They hunt down murderers.
Being a vampire does not make you a murderer.
But didnt you just tell me we have to kill and drink blood to survive? Doesnt that make us evil? I was freaking out. The words came out before I could stop myself. 
Lysander sighed and shook his head. It must be nice to live in such a simple world, where everything is black and white. There was a menacing growl to his voice. He stood up and paced the length of the room, crossing his arms in front of his chest.
Yes, we do survive on blood, as most people survive eating cattle, chickens, pigs, and other animals. Those animals are slaughtered for human consumption, but I dont see you so quick to shame that carnivorous act.
He threw a stern look at me and instantly, I felt ashamed. I knew I should have chosen my words better. Scared or not, I shouldnt have insulted Lysander or his lifestyle. After all, he did save me, even if by doing so he condemned me in the process. 
Lysander sucked in a breath before speaking again. Being an immortal does not make you evil. You are what you are. You must survive on blood. You cannot eat food or drink anything except blood from now on. Remember this: it is how and when you feed that makes you a monster, or just another being trying to survive in this world.
I didnt mean to say  I tried to interrupt, but I stopped myself. Annoyance showed on Lysanders face. He glared at me coldly. I winced, remembering what he had done to my attackers. I didnt want to further incite his anger. 
After a long pause, he spoke again, his voice monotonic and controlled. Being immortal does not deny you any of the same basic needs as anyone else. We need shelter to keep us from the elements, clothing to cover us, and food to keep our bodies running. The only difference is our food. We must drink blood.
I nodded. There was nothing I could say to him at that moment.
You are going to have to throw out many of your beliefs about what is right and wrong, or you wont survive the infancy of your vampirism. 
I never wanted this vampirism. 
I slouched into the couch cushions, pondering this for a moment. Lysander sat down next to me; his eyes locked with mine. It was obvious he wanted some acknowledgement from me that I understood and accepted everything hed told me. I just didnt know what to say. 
As far as I was concerned, killing was evil, and I couldnt wrap my mind around the fact that human beings were now in the same category as a cheeseburger. I was repulsed by the thought of drinking blood, especially from a living being. 
How was I going to survive this infancy, as Lysander put it? If I didnt kill, I wouldnt live; but if I did kill, I would deserve the Acta Sanctorum coming and destroying me like a rabid dog.
I couldnt avoid Lysanders quiet stare any longer. Im sorry. It was the only thing I could think to say at the moment. 
His expression softened. I could tell Lysander understood, at least on some level, what I was feeling. 
Becoming a vampire is easy, he said calmly. Living with the condition, that is the hard part. Its your choice if you wish to survive now. I saved you from mortal death; now, it is up to you to live with this knowledge of what you are.


CHAPTER 5
* * * * *

His words had been plain, lacking any emotion. He was right, though. As cold and emotionless about it as he was, his words were true. I didnt want to accept it. I didnt want to become something I thought was wrong. I felt so out of control at that moment, knowing what I wasa vampireand having no way to go back. 
In one night, my whole world had changed. I wanted to go back to my apartment and hide, to pretend none of this had happened to me. I didnt want this new life.
I needed a drink. A good stiff one. 
My stomach nagged at me. It had been nagging me since I woke up in that bathtub. I couldnt continue to ignore it. I needed to eat, or drink, or feedwhatever it was called. But, feeding meant blood. I was stuck. This was some kind of a cruel joke. My body craved the one thing it needed, which was the one thing I felt repulsed to think about.
How long can I go without blood? I mumbled.
Lysander seemed to perk up, hearing me mention the b word. Youre young; you will probably need to feed every night for a little while. When you get older, you can go days and even weeks without it.
And what happens if I dont f-ff-feed? Just the sound of that word made my stomach turn. I imagined drinking warm cupfuls of thick, gelatinous, half-coagulated blood. 
A sickeningly sweet taste gnawed at the back of my throat. 
Consider it a kind of paralysis. Lysander said matter-of-factly. If you dont feed, your body will simply shut down, and you will go into a comatose-like state, unable to move, leaving you at the mercy of the elements and whoever may find you.
I took a slow deep breath to try and calm my body down. Hunger relentlessly nagged at me, but I didnt want to accept that I needed to drink blood to stop it. My stomach ached with emptiness as my mind flashed to images of the blood I had drunk earlier. 
Tingles and small prickles danced across my skin like the sensation of a limb waking from sleep. The tingles echoed the feeling I had during my transformation. It hinted that a more uncomfortable feeling would soon follow. My skin felt as if it were drying, becoming tight and itchy. I rested my forehead in my hands, closing my eyes as my mind played out the only scenario that would end this feeling. 
Lysander sat beside me like a statue, as if waiting for me to say something. 
How can I do this? How can I live like this? I cant drink blood.
The aching in my stomach wouldnt stop. My throat dried with each breath I took. A slow burning accompanied the sickeningly sweet taste clinging to my throat.
There has to be some way out of this. I dont want to drink blood.
I remembered how quickly my pain was quenched with the sweet-tasting blood I had drunk from my attacker. 
No, I cant do that.
My body knew I needed blood. It teased me with the pain, as well as the memories of pleasure.
No, I mustnt. I cant do this. I dont want to be a monster.
My mind showed me more of the lightheaded ecstasy Id felt earlier; when Lysander had forced the wounded arm to my mouth and made me drink. The need building inside of me was overwhelming.
Finally, after reaching the limits of my endurance, I gave in to the unrelenting torment. The desire for blood had taken over. I could no longer concentrate on anything else.
I let out a defeated sigh. Im hungry. I need something, food or drink, just something.
Lysander smiled widely, letting the sharp tips of his teeth show below his lips; perhaps he knew that my need for blood would overcome my rational judgment. 
I had a feeling you would be thirsty. You will need to learn to hunt. 
Hunt? It sounded so terrible. Hunting  people. You mean I will have to kill someone? 
It bothered me how nonchalantly he spoke of hunting, feeding, and blood. I knew the answer to the question. I would have to do thishuntat some point. 
He glanced down at a watch around his left arm. A frown turned the corners of his lips. It looks like its too late for that tonight. The sun will be up soon, and we will have to wait until nightfall for your first real meal. 
The moment I had to do it could I? Would I be able to kill someone and drink their blood? No! There had to be another way.
Id never intentionally hurt anyone or given a thought to killing. What rational person does? I remembered the mans arm that Lysander had held up to my mouth. 
Did I kill that man? 
My stomach churned with sudden guilt; a terrible, sickening pit of bile threatened to rise up my throat. Lysander must have sensed this. He placed a hand on my knee, grabbing my attention. I looked up, meeting his eyes. A wave of calm rolled through me, dampening my nerves. 
His face was peaceful, serene, and almost angelic. His beautiful eyes beckoned me to remain locked in his hypnotizing gaze. They were magnetic, drawing me in. I could easily stare at those beautiful pools of gray forever. Guilt became a distant memory; my only focus was Lysander.
Alyssa, he said in his soothing, velvety voice. We hunt to survive. Remember this.
I nodded absently, lost in his eyes.
Since it is too close to dawn, tonight, you may drink a little from me. He looked down and unbuttoned the sleeve of his shirt. 
I shook the fog out of my head, feeling a little drowsy. Relief washed though me, knowing I wouldnt have to hunt just yet. 
Lysander held out his arm in offering to me. My eyes grew wide as I looked down at his pale skin. A small, thin vein pulsed just below the surface. I wasnt quite sure what he expected me to do. Nervously, I reached to hold his hand.
You must break the skin with your teeth, Lysander said. A small smile perked up the corners of his mouth. Use your sharpest teeth to gently pierce the vein just below the skin.
I ran my tongue across my teeth, as I had done before, noting the sharper ones. 
He nudged his arm closer to me. Go ahead, Alyssa. You will not hurt me. Drink.
I glanced back up at Lysanders face and smiled awkwardly. I didnt want to drink blood, his or anyones. The ache in my stomach still nagged at me like an unyielding beast, begging me for blood. My mouth instinctively watered in anticipation seeing the pulsing vein, but I couldnt move. I was frozen with anxiety. 
Lysander raised his wrist to my mouth. Its okay, Alyssa. Drink.
I couldnt bite down. I sat there paralyzed, mouth open, his wrist just barely touching the sharpest of my teeth. I was afraid of becoming a blood-drinking monster. 
I cant do this. No. Theres no way.
I must have sat there for too long. Lysander had to have sensed something wasnt right. I was faltering on what, to him, should have been a simple act. 
He reached his other hand up and firmly held the back of my head. Before I knew what was happening, he shoved his wrist into my already-bared teeth. 
I saw him wince as my teeth pierced his skin. He leaned my head backward with his wrist pressed against my lips. 
A gush of blood flooded my mouth. Thick and sweet, it poured down my throat. This wasnt the liquid fire I had experienced before. This was like a drug. It tingled as it filled my mouth. I felt every refreshing drop as it ran down my throat. Pleasurable sensations, like the full-body rush of an orgasm, rewarded me with each swallow. My head buzzed with energy. My heart felt like a pounding drum, beating hard and fast against the wall of my chest. The dry burning stopped. My muscles no longer ached. The nagging in my stomach halted. I felt quenched, though some part of me still wanted more.
Lysander released his grip on my head and pulled his wrist away. I moaned in need as he stood up and walked away, out of my view.
You will have to learn how to do this yourself, Alyssa. His voice trailed behind him. I will not force-feed you every night. 
Almost as soon as I felt the high, I returned to reality. I looked down to see I had spilled blood everywhere. My tank top, my jeans, and the couch were spotted with the drippings of his blood. Lysander returned with a small towel and wiped his arm. I saw spots of blood in his shirt.
Heat rose to my face, flushing my cheeks. I sat up. Sorry. I just What was I going to say? Sorry, I just couldnt bite you? That sounded too corny to say, even if it was the truth. There was no way to explain to him how I was feeling at that moment. As much as I was repulsed at the thought of drinking blood, I enjoyed the high it brought. 
I was torn, terrified of becoming a horrible bloodthirsty monster. Already my body was begging for more of his blood. The addiction had begun. The euphoric state left me almost as soon as I had felt it, and I knew only blood would bring it back. 
This is new for you. I understand. He sat down beside me on the couch and handed me the towel. 
I gave him an awkward smile and glanced into his big blue-gray eyes. I felt that strange warmth again, like a radiating wave coming from him. I looked away, taking the towel, and tried to wipe some of the blood off my body.
It will be hard the first few times, I know. We all go through this, and we all find our way to cope with it. The blood is intoxicating, but the guilt can be crushing, if you let it. His voice was softer now, almost caring. The only way to survive this is to learn how to accept it. I can help you get through this if you let me. 
Lysander brought his hand up, lifting my chin. He forced our eyes to meet again. 
You are an immortal now.
I nodded. There was nothing I could say. He was right. But the question still remained; could I kill someone?
I noticed a faint ray of light coming from the edge of the curtain-covered window. Dawn was approaching, signifying the end of this crazy night. I welcomed the thought of sleep and hoped that when I awoke, things would return to normal.
The sun is coming up. We wont be able to leave the house until tonight. Lets get some sleep, Alyssa.
Lysander stood and extended his hand to help me up. I smiled and took it. My muscles were still a bit weak. I struggled to stand. Lysander gripped my hand and pulled me up, placing his other arm around my waist for support. My stomach knotted against his touch. Butterflies buzzed around inside of me again. 
I took a shaky step toward the hallway. Where am I sleeping? 
Im afraid there is only one bed in this house, Lysanders voice wavered. He sounded almost embarrassed for a moment before his voice regained its normal smooth tone. I do not entertain much. For now, we are going to have to share. I hope that is okay with you. I will arrange for more furniture soon.
Okay. I smiled awkwardly. I did not know how to take this gesture. It had been a long time since I shared a bed with a man.
We made our way into the spacious bedroom. A king-size, iron-framed bed sat against the far wall, made up with black sheets and a few fluffy pillows. Lysanders stark minimalist decorating theme carried to his bedroom as well. There wasnt much at all to this room. A simple four-drawer dresser sat against the wall to my left. Next to it was a door, which I assumed was a closet, or maybe a bathroom. Other than the simple furnishings, there was nothing else. This room, like the rest of Lysanders home, seemed to have only the bare necessities. 
Thick black drapes covered a large window and were pinned to the wall at the edges so that very little light seeped in. 
Lysander guided me to the bed and I sat down. It was so soft. Giving into my muscle fatigue, I fell backwards and lay sprawled across the bed. 
Lysander chuckled at me. I looked up, catching him as he readied himself for sleep. He pulled off his shirt, revealing a beautifully sculpted chest. I couldnt help but notice the definition in the corded muscles of his arms and the perfect six-pack abs. I bit my lip, accidentally drawing blood, as he slid down his pants. He stood before me in only in a pair of maroon-and-tan striped boxers. 
Heat rushed to my face.
Wow, what a body.
He threw a mischievous look my way as he finished changing. I again had a brief suspicion he knew what I was thinking. I turned away from him, crawling to the top of the bed and burying my head on one of the soft pillows. 
Lysander climbed into bed. We lay there, backs to one another, as the sun rose. Lysanders curtains worked as intended, and only small rays of light came through at the edges. 
Im sorry about tonight, he whispered. It will get better.
I didnt reply. I had no words.


CHAPTER 6
* * * * *

The comfortable state of sleep ended much sooner than I had hoped. I knew that waking up meant I would have to feed, and this time, I doubted Lysander would be accommodating. Id have to hunt and most likely kill for my dinner. 
It was the thirst that woke me, but in personal protest I refused to get out of bed. I tried to fill my mind with anything to prevent me from thinking of blood. 
Staring at the popcorn ceiling above, I focused on the sounds of the house. Lysander had already gotten up and left the room. I heard him moving around the house. At one point the shower turned on, and then after a short while, stopped. I heard a TV playing in what I assumed was the living room. Sounds of laughter and applause suggested to me he had some kind of a game show on. The ringing of a telephone caught my attention, but I couldnt make out what was being said when Lysander answered it. 
Refusing to give in to the mounting need, I remained in bed. Dehydration crept across my skin, making it dry and itchy as it had been the night before. My stomach ached with emptiness, and my mind started playing tricks on mereminding me of the pleasure I had experienced, the quenching feeling as the blood pooled in my stomach and diffused through my body. I wanted to ignore it. I knew what was needed to make it stop.
Could I convince Lysander to let me drink from him once more? Maybe if I pleaded my case, I could go one more night without having to choose between my life or that of another. 
It seemed like hours had gone by. Time always moves slowly when you anticipate something. The aching beast that was my hunger was as relentless as it had been the previous night. Dehydrated and thirsty, I knew it would only be a matter of time before I had to do something. 
Just as I was ready to give in and get out of bed, I heard a door close with a slam. A car engine roared to life outside, and then the sound trailed away.
Did he just leave me here, all alone?
I listened quietly. The only sound in the house came from the television. Curiosity got the better of me. I needed to see if Lysander really had left. I got up and walked out to the living room to confirm my suspicions. 
I was right; Lysander was gone. 
Why did he leave?
I wandered through the empty, cavernous living room. No sign or note was left out to tell me where he had gone. Only the ominous shadows created by the TVs light stirred in the loneliness. 
Thirst nagged at me. Again, a sickeningly sweet taste clung to the back of my throat. A wave of dizziness rolled through me, weakening my knees. I braced myself against the wall for support until the disorientation left me. I needed to do something about this unrelenting need. I went into the kitchen, praying I might find something my body would accept as food. 
As with the rest of the house, the kitchen was bare, lacking any sign of human use. No appliances, no gadgets, no utensils of any kind; just empty, wide open counter space in a bland, white and stainless steel kitchen. 
I held out a small hope that there might be something to eat in the fridge, but to my great disappointment, it was empty. Not even a cold breeze escaped from it when I opened it. I doubted it had ever been plugged in. 
This is ridiculous. Cmon, I just want something to eat, I whined aloud. 
I was glad Lysander wasnt around to see my frustration. I remembered him telling me that it was only blood that keeps a vampire going. Vampires had no need for food. I doubted he would have given me much sympathy after last nights feeding. He had seemed aggravated that I couldnt even drink from him without assistance.
I clutched my aching stomach. 
I need blood. I need Lysander to come back. He cant be gone long. He wouldnt leave me like this.
Walking out of the kitchen, I headed to the bathroom, deciding a shower might help snap me out of this feeling, or at least distract me for a little while. I hoped by the time I was done, Lysander would be back, and maybe willing to help me stop this painful ache.
The warm water of the shower had a soothing effect on my body, temporarily relieving my dehydration. I sat under the spout, soaking up all of the water until the warmth ran out. 
It wasnt until I finished showering and dried off that I realized I didn't have any clean clothes. The only items of clothing I had were the blood-spotted ones Id been wearing since the night before.
Im not wearing these dirty things for the rest of eternity, I grumbled to the empty room. So far, immortality wasnt all it was cracked up to be.
The house was still quiet. Lysander hadnt returned, and I was beginning to feel desperate. The waters hydrating effect had vanished as soon as I stepped out of the shower and the parched and itchy feeling returned with a vengeance. My throat dried out; each breath I took burned as if a blow dryer were aimed directly into my mouth. I needed something to quench the fire. 
I turned on the faucet, plunged my hands into the cold water and gorged myself on it as it pooled into my cupped hands. The flavorless liquid cooled the burning. But that victory was short-lived. Within a few seconds of savoring my relief, I was hunched over the toilet, throwing it all back up. 
My body wanted nothing to do with this liquid. Like a horrible punishment, the nagging ache of thirst returned worse than before. Lysanders words were true; only blood would stop this pain. The ache filled every part of me. 
Defeated, I gave in to the thought Id been trying to avoid.
I need blood. 
Lysander still had not returned. Past desperationunable to sit around waiting any longerI willed myself to get up off the bathroom floor, and put my blood-spotted clothes back on. 
I walked outside, determined to find something to end my suffering. The night air smelled fresh, clean, and welcoming. It had an energizing effect on me. Looking up, I spotted the full moon. There wasnt a cloud in sight to hide any of its light. It shone clear and bright in the darkened sky. 
Sucking in a deep breath, I noted a variety of scents. Never before had I been able to discern so many different smells at once: pine trees, fresh cut grass, roses in a nearby garden, and the oily, tar smell of the asphalt in the street. Each one was distinctive and enhanced by my new sense of smell. There was something else too, an enchanting, musky perfume wafted through the air.
Mmm, what is that? 
Looking around, I spotted the owner of the scent; a stray dog, wandering down the street. 
I sniffed the air again noting how the smell faded as the dog walked further away. 
Instinct told me to follow the scent. No way. Im not doing that. Ewww. I shook my head. I am not chasing down a stray dog. I dont care how good it smells.
I breathed through my mouth, attempting to avoid smelling that wonderful, tempting aroma again. 
Walking down the street, I looked for signs, hoping to get my bearings and recognize something. 
Maybe I can get to my apartment, and pick up some clean clothes and money. Maybe even find something my stomach will accept as food.
I didnt want to think of blood and killing, but the nagging thirst wouldnt stop. 
Maybe Im going about this all wrong. If Im stuck with drinking blood, maybe theres a way to do it without killing. 
Spotting a street sign ahead of me and quickened my pace toward it.
What if I could get blood from a butcher? The animals it came from would already be dead.
I smiled, feeling very smart for coming up with this new idea. 
Now, I just need to figure out where I am.
Lysanders neighborhood was quiet, and I didnt recognize any of the street signs. I was used to my inner-city apartment enclave just outside of the college. This was nothing like that. This was a nice, middle class neighborhood filled with one and two-story homes. 
As was typical of suburban homes, they all looked alike. This neighborhood was no exception; it was filled with pink, Spanish tile roofs and white-and-cream stucco walls. The only thing distinguishing one house from the next was the choice in landscaping and even then there was not much variety.
The streets were long, and none of the names were familiar. I came across Vera Cruz and noticed it seemed to open out onto a larger street.
Another sign at the edge of the neighborhood had a symbol I recognizedthe Henderson city sealin the bottom corner, next to the name Pecos.
Why would a vampire make his home in a quiet suburb like Henderson? Why not right in the heart of the city? Las Vegas is Sin City, and the variety of tourists would provide a veritable smorgasbord. 
I stopped and shook my head. What was wrong with me? Here I was, absolutely horrified at the thought of killing, and in the same instant questioning why a vampire like myselfwasnt living somewhere near the buffet line that would be the Las Vegas Strip. 
I knew thirst had taken over my judgment. I didnt know where I was or which way to go. The nagging craving made me wonder how I was going to make it all the way back to my apartment before I ended up doing something I would regret.
I turned to walk down the street, not knowing if I was heading in the right direction or not. All I knew was that I needed to keep moving. My skin itched. The dry parched feeling worsened as I walked. I scratched my legs through my jeans, fighting against thoughts of blood. 
Cars sped by, and their bright headlights stung my eyes, making me squint. Two men on bicycles rode past me and I was stunned by their scent. They stopped at the stoplight a few hundred feet ahead.
Oh, my, I sighed, taking in a long whiff of their wonderful aroma. Theirs was so much more potent than that of the dog I had passed earlier. It was a cologne of intoxicating pheromones, drawing me toward them. They stopped at the curb, waiting for the light to turn green, signaling it was safe to cross the street. 
My mouth instinctively watered as I allowed my eyes to roam over their thin, business casual-attired bodies. I quickened my pace to meet them at the stoplight, hoping it would remain red so I could have a chance to be near them and enjoy more of their perfume. My legs carried me faster than they had when I was a mortal. In the space of a few seconds, I caught up to the two cyclists.
Why do they smell so good? I mused. So sugary-sweet and warm. 
I closed my eyes inhaling slowly, savoring the aroma. The beast inside of me begged for blood.
I must have looked crazy, standing there with hungry eyes, smelling them, my mouth watering. I absently licked at my fangs, not bothering to hide them, as I took another step closer to them.
Eyes wide with fear, they inched away, almost falling off of the curb into oncoming traffic as I got within arms reach of them.
I couldnt hold back the thoughts in my mind. Attack them! Drink them in! They will make you feel better.
It was like a monster was speaking to me from within my own head.
Do it now! Bite them! Drink in their ecstasy. 
Before I made another move, the sound of screeching tires drew my attention. A large, black Jeep SUV pulled a U-Turn from the opposite side of the street. It hopped the median and headed straight towards me. The two cyclists threw themselves to the pavement. I didnt move. I was like a deer caught in headlights watching as it screeched to a halt at the curb. 
The windows were too dark to see through, but a strange feeling, that odd warm sensation, hit me. Intuition told me it was Lysander. 
The passenger door flew open, confirming my intuition, revealing Lysanders angry, scowling face. He barked at me to get in.
Fear momentarily replaced my hunger. I stood frozen in place under Lysanders angry glare. He looked like a predator, ready to rip me apart. Flames danced within his twilight eyes.
What do you think you are doing? he growled. 
I want to go home, I snapped at him. 
Lysander sighed, appearing to try and calm himself before speaking. A menacing tone still laced his voice. Get in this vehiclenow!
Why, so you can trap me back in that house, all alone?
The two cyclists were on their feet, running away alongside their bikes as we argued. A twinge of disappointment had me sighing as their scent faded.
You have no clue what youre doing, or what risk you put us in by wandering the streets alone like this. A low, rumbling growl still accompanied his words. I will not tell you again. Get in.
Grudgingly, I got into the car. I had no other choice. I didnt know where I was. Lysander was right, though I didnt want to admit it. The urge I felt, to attack those men on their bikes, could have put me in a bad position. 
Lysander spoke slowly, giving each word emphasis. You will not leave the house again without my permission. Do you understand this?
Dont leave me alone like that. What did you expect me to do? I snapped back coldly. Do you think Im going to just sit around waiting? 
Silence! His voice was louder and more frightening than any scolding Id ever been given. I shuddered. Youre too young and inexperienced to know how to take care of yourself. You will die unless you heed my words and quit acting like a spoiled child. You will not go anywhere without my permission. Is that clear?
I remained silent for a few moments. I knew I couldnt argue with him, but I didnt want to give him the satisfaction of an immediate answer. I didnt know what I was doing. I was an infant vampire with no sense of how to take care of myself. Whether I liked it or not, I needed Lysander, and he knew it, too. 
Fine, I mumbled, and turned to look out the window.
We remained silent during the short drive back to Lysanders home. I clutched my aching stomach, trying to focus on something other than anger or thirst.
When we got back, he opened up the trunk of his SUV. Inside was a suitcase I recognized as mine. 
You can never go back there, he snarled Youre dead to that world now. 
I grabbed my suitcase, feeling weak as I pulled it from the back of the Jeep. An overwhelming rush of dizziness struck me as I rolled the suitcase up to the house. My head filled with a gray, hazy fog. I shook my head and tried to take a step forward. My muscles protested the movement. 
Darkness crept in all around me. I felt weightless, like a floating feather, as my vision went black.

***

A familiar tingling sensation ran down the back of my throat, rousing me back to consciousness. I opened my eyes slowly, focusing though a hazy blur. My head swam with ecstasy as I swallowed the thick, sweet liquid filling my mouth. 
I realized I had collapsed. I was lying in the doorway of Lysanders home and he was holding me up while I fed from him. 
I could have drunk him in for eternity, but just as I was awake enough to truly enjoy the euphoric feeling, Lysander pulled his wrist away and told me to get up.
You are starting to become more of a problem than youre worth, he said under his breath as he clutched his wounded arm and stood up. 
Still a little dizzy and feeling a bit ashamed, I got up and pulled my suitcase into the house. I set it next to the couch and opened it to find a clean change of clothes. 
Sorry, I said as I rummaged through the bag. How did you get my stuff?
Lysander reached into his pocket and tossed a black leather wallet at me. It flew toward my face, falling just short of hitting me. 
He must have gotten it off the guy who had attacked me the night before. 
My I.D. fell out as it hit the floor. I picked it up and stared at my old picture. Like all DMV photos, it wasnt very good, but it was me  or at least, it was the old me. My lost green eyes stared back from the photo. 
I tried to blink back the tears but it was no use. One streamed down my cheek, falling into my opened suitcase. I was no longer that Alyssa who lived on Cambridge Street, as the small plastic card stated. 
I was a monster now.
Afraid I would burst into a fit of tears, I quickly grabbed some clothes and rushed into the bathroom. 
Lysander, probably still angry, said nothing to me, and I was glad for that. I took my time in the bathroom. I didnt want to talk to Lysander any more or see the annoyed look on his face. 
I never asked to be turned into this thing. I never knew vampires existed. I thought they were just fiction stories or characters in horror movies. Now I was one.
I mumbled to myself as I stared into the mirror. Blood-red traces of tears lined my pale face. 
Why couldnt he have killed those men before I showed up? Why did he have to wait until they had already attacked me? 
Lysanders words echoed in my mind. Youre dead to that world now.
I wondered how long it would take before my friends realized I was gone. If the manager at the coffee shop would think it odd that I was no longer coming in for my regular, caf mocha. The little everyday things I was used to were all gone now, replaced by this frightening new life.
I wanted to blame Lysander for what happened, but deep down I knew it was my own fault. I had played Russian roulette walking home alone and I was lucky to even be alive, or undead, or whatever the hell this was. 
My reflection stared back at me with empty, cold, blue-gray eyes. 
But I dont want to be this thing, this monster! 
You still alive in there? Lysander called out.
Washing the tears from my face, I called back, Yeah, Im fine. I hurried to change into some clean clothes.
Enough time had been wasted sulking in the bathroom. I opened the door and walked back out to the living room. 
Lysander was waiting for me. 
Are you feeling better? He spoke more calmly now. Gone was the growl in his voice and the fire in his eyes.
Yes, Im fine, sorry about that. 
He put his hand to my lips, silencing me; his eyes met mine and again I felt that strange warmth. 
Please, forgive me. I feel we are getting off on the wrong foot. Perhaps I should have told you I was heading out to get your things. I did not realize that you might have woken up so hungry and confused. Im not use to havingguests.
This sudden change of attitude came as a complete shock. He sounded sincere and kind. I sensed something strange coming from him. I felt genuine sorrow for how he snapped at me. The feeling radiated in small pulses, like tiny waves, from Lysander. Id never experienced anything like this before. I felt his sorrow as if it were my own. It was as if our emotions were joined. 
Thank you, Lysander. Im sorry too. Im making a mess of things, and I know youre trying to help. Ill do better, I promise.
We stared awkwardly at each other for a few quiet moments before Lysander took hold of my hand. Now that you have a little strength, you will need to hunt. Lets go.


CHAPTER 7
* * * * *

My stomach sank. His words hit me like a crushing blow. I had hoped somehow to avoid this, but it was inevitable. I was going to have to hunt. 
Where are we going? I asked as I climbed into the passenger seat of the large SUV. 
Lysander twisted the keys in the ignition and the engine roared to life. Well start somewhere easy. Do you know the art district? 
I nodded and shut the door. 
The art district was a rather seedy part of downtown. It wasnt the downtown most people are familiar with, but the area in between the old Strip or Fremont Street and the newer Las Vegas Boulevard. It was an old area, filled with many small buildings: art studios, nightclubs, and a grid of darkened side streets. It had recently undergone the start of a renaissance. Attention had been drawn to the area in the hope of revamping it and making it a more attractive place to go.
Yeah, Ive been there a few times for the First Friday art festival, I said confidently.
Alone? Lysander asked.
No, thats a place even I dont wander by myself.
Thats very smart of you. Even with its popularity, that is not a place one should be walking alone. Be warned, we wont be the only ones hunting in this area. Plenty of immortals are attracted to populated spots like this.
Other immortals? I hadnt given thought to more vampires out there. Certainly if there was one, there would have to be more. How many vampires are out there?
More than I care to count, Alyssa, he sighed. The immortal world is as varied as the human world. There are many different covens and families; each group has its own form of government or rules to live by. Most of the time, rule number one is keep a low profile. That will be the rule here with me as well. We dont need anyone knowing who and what we are.
Oh, I said, feeling a little disappointed. So, I guess were loners, then? I wasnt ready to meet another immortal yet; but I wasnt happy with the idea of being a hermit, either.
On occasion, you might befriend someone new, but dont make that an expectation. For now, just stick to who you already know and dont try attracting extra attention. 
I see. I sighed and stared out the window. Streetlights flew past in blurry streaks as we drove on. I prayed for a red light to pause us on our trip, but it seemed the traffic lights were against me. They all remained green. We would soon be at our hunting ground. 
The tall, white Stratosphere tower came into view. It was an unmistakableand phalliclandmark, long and slender with a huge glass observation deck that was accented with red neon lighting at the top. It dwarfed all of the other bulky, wide hotel casinos of downtown and looked as if it might topple over in a strong gust of wind. 
My heart thumped erratically as we approached. Hunting was inevitable now. 
How am I going to do this? Does Lysander ever struggle with this?
I looked over at Lysander. His face remained calm, an implacable mask, giving no clue in his expression to tell me what he could be thinking. 
I thought about others, vampires, being out there in the world and what it might be like to meet them. 
Tell me about covens, I said, breaking the silence in the car.
Lysander spoke without taking his eyes off the road. Covens are like large families: vampires living together, ruled by some form of leader. I wouldnt get any ideas on joining them. They tend to be very fanatical and look down on those who are not born into their house, so to speak. For now, if you wish, you can consider me your family. 
He turned to look at me. A sincere smile crossed his face. His voice softened. Of course, once youre comfortable with yourself and ready to face the world alone, the choice will be yours. You will be welcome in my house or free to go your own way.
I turned away, and stared out the window, thinking about what a large family of vampires would be like. Would it be nice to have lots of people like me to interact with, or would I rather be stuck as a loner with only Lysander as a companion? 
Back to hunting, Lysander said, sounding a bit more serious. Were almost there, so listen closely. We wont be the only ones hunting. You will need to watch out for others of our kind. Pay attention to those around you. If you think a person is marked, do not try to go after him or her. We may not know one another, but as a rule, we leave one anothers marks alone.
How will I know who is marked? Did we physically mark our victims?
Keep an eye out for people being followed or a vampire showing interest in one particular person. Pay attention to your intuition. You should be able to sense when one of our kind is around. If you see or sense one of us close by, go hunt somewhere else.
Sense? I wasnt exactly sure what he meant by that, but I nodded anyway, pretending I understood. I was more worried about the act of hunting than the consequences of another vampire being aroundthough both seemed pretty scary.
Lysander pulled into the parking garage of the Stratosphere tower and drove up to the top floor. He found an open parking space near the elevators, along the wall, giving us an unobstructed view of the bustling street below.
Anxiety set my nerves on high alert. I knew there was no way out of this. I was going to have to hunt. A knot formed in my throat. I tried to gulp it down and put on a brave face. 
Alyssa, I know this is hard for you, but you can and you must do this tonight.
I sucked in a deep breath, trying to calm my nerves. Im not ready for this. 
Lysander must have sensed my anxiety. He patted my leg in a comforting gesture, and softened the commanding tone in his voice. I want to make this as easy as possible for you. Just listen and do what I tell you. 
I cant do this, I cant do this.
I nodded.
There are a few points you can easily drink from. The best places are where the blood flows freely. The faster you drink, the easier it will be on you and your victim.
I dont want to do this. I cant drink blood. I cant kill. I tried to gulp down my anxiety.
He leaned his head to one side, showing me his bare neck, and pointed out a thin blue line under his pale skin. 
You see the vein here? The neck is one of the easiest points to drink from.
I nodded again, not wanting to speak. 
He held his wrist out to me. I saw similar blue lines, boldly running down his pale arm. 
The wrist is also an easy target. Choose one of these to feed from.
O-okay. How can he expect me to do this? I silently prayed. I desperately wanted to avoid this. I dont want to kill. 
We each have to find our way to cope with how we obtain our food, Lysander said. 
Uh-huh. I tried again to gulp back my anxiety. Easy for you to say.
Do you remember how you felt when those men attacked you?
The mention of the men who attacked me sent my blood boiling. It was because of them that I was this thing. If they had never attacked me, I wouldnt have to do this hunt a human for their blood. 
The attack was still fresh in my mind. Anger flared inside of me, as images of being kicked in the stomach and whipped with a belt flashed before my eyes. 
Yes, I growled. I remember.
Good. Youre angry. I can see it. Use that feeling, Alyssa. Use your anger. Do you want others to suffer the same injustice as you were subjected to? Do you want another person to have the same fate as you?
No. No one should have to go through that, I said coldly. My mind was torn now between anxiety and anger.
Good. Then use that to justify your hunting. I want you to seek out those that would do harm to others. Use yourself as bait. Attract them to you so they cannot hurt anyone else. Use your immortality to bring them to justice.
Images of my attackers, those two horrible men, flashed before me again, and the anger inside of me cried out for vengeance. The monstrous voice in my head begged for blood.
Lysander smiled at me, as if he understood the battle going on inside my head: the anger and rage, mixed with fear.
It is time, he whispered, leaning in close so our eyes met. You can do this. He had such strength in his eyes; I felt I could do anything he asked, as long as I was looking into them. 
Lysander exited the car. I did the same. The warm night air greeted me as I opened the door. I followed behind him, heading for the elevators. 
My stomach knotted with anxiety and anger. I was soon going to find out what I was really capable of.
We remained quiet in the elevator down to the casino floor. When the doors parted, sounds of slot machines, coins dropping, mindless chatter, and an endless sea of people overwhelmed me; but it was the intoxicating aroma that stopped me dead in my tracks. 
I was knocked back against the wall by the perfumes of hundreds of people. The mix of smells was almost too much to handle. Each scent was a little different. Some were sweet, some spicy, some pungent, all working together to create an enchanting and enticing aroma that threatened to unleash the monster inside of me.
Lysander must have recognized the sensory overload. He put an arm around me and held me tight against his body as he guided me towards the front doors of the casino. 
I absently licked at my fangs. My mouth watered. Instinct urged me to reach out and grab one of these sweet-smelling people. 
This newfound anger and bloodlust had a strange control over my mind. Gone were thoughts of if or how I could do it. The monster crying for blood had entrapped my consciousness. My thoughts jumped from person to person, trying to pinpoint the one who would satisfy me best. 
The packed casino, swarming with hundreds of people, had become the buffet line Id suggested it was earlier. 
Lysander urged me forward, towards the doors. Breathe through your mouth, young one, it will make this easier. And stop licking your fangs. You need to learn to control those instincts.
Im sure if I hadnt been in the throes of bloodlust, I would have been embarrassed by Lysanders comment. Instead, I was thankful for the advice. I needed to get my head straight and gain some control. I took a deep breath through my mouth, as instructed. It weakened the scent, though I still tasted small hints of it.
We passed an elderly man in a wheelchair playing at one of the nickel slot machines. His wrinkled skin sagged against his cheekbones. He wheezed as he put a cigarette to his lips. I noticed a particularly pungent odor from him, drastically different than the wonderful perfumes surrounding me. It momentarily broke me from my craving.
What is that smell? I commented, reaching to cover my nose.
Disease, Lysander said matter-of-factly. That man is probably dying of emphysema.
We exited the casino. Relief washed through me as the fresh breeze blew though my hair. The sweet fragrances still hung all around, tempting me, but they seemed to be dampened by the lack of recirculated air. It was easier now to discern the directions to which each scent belonged. The monster inside of me still begged for blood, but out here, in the fresh air, I managed to regain a little mental control. 
We walked a block away from the Stratosphere. Lysanders arm was still draped around me, keeping me restrained as he escorted me down the street, while preventing me from acting out of thirst in the crowds that passed us. Awkward as it was, I was thankful to have him there, with me. 
He led me to an empty side street. This is where we go our separate ways, for now, he said.
What! Wait. How am I supposed to I panicked. I needed him. I needed the confidence he gave me. I needed him to stop me from doing something stupid.
Dont worry, Lysander said with a hint of amusement. I will not be too far. But I cant be seen walking with you if youre to attract your prey. He gave me a wicked smile. His eyes seemed to roam across my body as if sizing me up. Apparently I passed whatever inspection he was giving. He gave a small nod and continued. Just walk around and take a few back alleyways, and I am sure you will catch something. Hold back your urges until you are out of sight. Remember to be discreet and to breathe through your mouth. Dont sniff at the air unless you are sure youre ready.
I needed that reminder. Breathing through my nose threatened to drive me insane. The sweet honeyed smell of blood was too enticing. Just the thought of it had me flicking my tongue against my teeth in anticipation.
Quit licking your fangs, Lysander said sternly. People will notice that.
He reached out, brushing the side of my face with his hand. You can do this. I will be close by, in case you need help.
Before I could say anything, he turned and walked away. In a superhuman blur of motion, he vanished, disappearing into a crowd of pedestrians on the main street. 
I stood there for a moment, scared and anxious, feeling alone and vulnerable to my new beastly instincts. I knew I was being tested now and I needed to do this, but I still didnt want to. 
Lysander had showed me as much patience as I thought he was capable of, and if I failed this time, there was no telling what would happen. People wandered by me. I caught wind of their scents and breathed in their sweet perfume. 
I became very aware of my teeth and had to stop myself from licking my tongue across them over and over. Somewhere, in the back of my mind, I wondered if Lysander was watching. I imagined for a moment, hearing his voice chiding me for being so obvious about my new fangs. I couldnt help myself. Instinct urged me to attack, to bite down on something. I hoped it wouldnt always be this way. I didnt want to walk around like a crazed, bloodthirsty monster forever.
There. That blonde woman, alone on the corner. No one would miss her.
Oh, my God, no! What am I thinking?
I mashed the palm of my hand into my forehead, as if I could push the horrid thought out.
Oooh, theres a handsome man crossing the street. Just take a little taste. 
The monster inside of me would not quiet its desperate pleading. Blood was at the forefront of all of my thoughts. 
Lysander was right. I need to breathe through my mouth. I cant concentrate with all these smells around me. If I cant smell them, I might be able to hold back from attacking them. 
My throat dried as I took a deep breath. My mind still begged for blood to quench the thirst, but the muted scent made it more bearable. 
I walked further away from the Stratosphere, hoping to keep the desperate craving at bay until absolutely necessary.
Passing a few cute little wedding chapels, I chuckled at the drunken brides falling over in their pretty white dresses. I turned left, heading down toward Charleston and Main Street. 
Thankfully, the crowds were thinner the further I got away from Las Vegas Boulevard. Each time I passed a group of people, the beast in my mind screamed at me to attack. I didnt know how long I could hold off the urges, or how I would do it discreetly, as Lysander had instructed.
I imagined the horror of letting the beast take over and the massacre that could happen.
I wonder if Lysander is still following me. 
Instantly a new, frightening thought crossed my mind. What would happen if I ran into another vampire? What would they do? Would they just shoo me away, or try to defend their territory? 
Lysander hadnt said much about others like us. Hed admitted to being a loner, but said each group had its own rules and laws. What if another vampire recognized me as an infant, a fledgling vampire only a day old, and decided to destroy me? 
Fear washed through me. The hairs prickled on the back of my neck. I wanted this all to be over. Id been happy thinking vampires were just fairytales and living my boring, normal life. The reality of my new life was nothing like the fantasy. I didnt want to have to feed on others or watch out for stronger vampires.
I turned down Main Street, heading back towards the Stratosphere, which was all but deserted. I figured if I was going to run into any questionable types, this was the place to do it. It was late, and the streets all seemed empty of tourists. 
All of the small art studios had already closed for the night, leaving only a few late-night businesses open. I passed a studio showcasing an odd exhibit in its window, a wall of trash with a figure buried inside of it. I stopped, noticing the plastic eyes of a mannequin watching me. They reminded me of my own dead eyes, staring back from my reflection. 
Suddenly, I caught the scent of something; a deep, musky, thick aroma with hints of warm beer and grease. I guessed it was human, but it wasnt very appealing. Not like the succulent bouquet Id enjoyed in the casino. 
I sniffed the air, trying to discern where the scent was coming from. I remembered Lysanders warning that I would not be the only one hunting this area. But he had said I would sense another vampire. Not really sure what that meant, I worried. Being so young, what if I didnt know what the sensation was supposed to feel like? 
Half scared of other vampires and half anxious about having to make my first kill, I shot nervous glances all around, checking to see if there were any other people in the area. 
A group of men were standing in the alley between a tattoo shop and the small art studio. The scent seemed to be coming from their direction, but I wasnt interested in attempting to attack their group. 
I shoved my hands in my pockets and looked down at the pavement, walking past them casually, hoping that they wouldnt notice me. A one-on-one confrontation was something I still hadnt drummed up the courage for. And I was certainly not ready for four-on-one.
Hey, Mija, one of the men shouted Hey, pretty girl, come here.
Damn, they spotted me.
I had really hoped to avoid them. A lump formed in my throat. My heart sped, beating hard against the wall of my chest. I took a deep breath, through my mouth and tasted their musky scent. It wasnt all that appealing, but my mouth watered anyway. 
Whats a pretty thing like you doing out here all by yourself? one of the men called out to me.
I tried to ignore the man and turned down another side street. The beast in my mind begged me to turn around, but I wasnt ready for this.
Mija, Im talking to you, come back here.
Footsteps echoed on the empty street. First, only one pair; and then I heard the others. I guessed the man and his three friends were going to make this a group effort. 
I groaned in frustration. Lysanders plan was working a little too perfectly. As a human, I knew better than to walk this area alone. I would only come here during the First Friday art festival with a group and never stray from the main streets. Strength in numbers usually kept people from doing bad things to you, but walking out here all alone was just asking for problems. 
This was exactly what Lysander wanted. He knew that by using myself as bait, I would easily nab an attacker: a criminal, someone deserving of death. Images of my previous attackers flashed through my mind again. Anger flared inside of me. These men following me were no better than those men the night before. 
The beast in my head roared to life, egging me on. It whispered to me about my new strength and abilities. I should be able to take them on. I could take them on. It would be so easy. I shook my head, trying to get rid of the taunting thoughts.
Lysanders plan was perfect. Of course, I doubt he expected me to attract four victims at once.
I stopped in my tracks, looking for a way back to Las Vegas Boulevard. 
The beast might be ready, but a tiny voice, my subconscious, reminded me that I had never been in a fight before. Id never hurt anyone intentionally. I wasnt ready for this. I needed to find Lysander. 
The footsteps sounded too close now, accompanied by drunken laughter. Running away wasnt going to be an option. Like it or not, I was going to have to face them. 
My stomach knotted as I turned around. 
They stood fanned out around me, barely an arms reach away. Stained, yellow teeth greeted me from behind the first mans mustachioed mouth. His beer-soaked aroma wafted to my nose. He stumbled, taking a step closer to me.
I jumped back in response. Listen, man, just leave me alone. I dont want any trouble, I said in a clear commanding voice. It was more of a warning to my attacker than a plea for his retreat. I didnt know how I was going to do it, but I knew if this man kept bothering me, I was going to do something I might regret. 
Oh, no, mija. No trouble, he slurred his words. Pretty girl like you shouldnt walk around all alone. Its not safe here. Lots of bad men around.
The group of friends laughed, exchanged high fives and bumped fists.
Thanks, but Im not alone. Im meeting my uh boyfriend. 
Lysander, where are you? Help me!
The hairs on the back of my neck stood on end. I had the sudden sensation of unseen eyes watching me accompanied by a strange warmth. It enveloped me in a comforting sort of way. 
You can do this. You are strong. I heard Lysanders voice like a gentle whisper in my head. Somehow, hearing his voice gave me strength. 
I looked into the drunken mans eyes and tried to discern if he was really going to be trouble or if I could manage to get away without a fight. I sensed nothing, other than the fact he was drunk. 
I could be your boyfriend, he slurred. 
His friends continued their annoying laughter.
Yeah, we could be your boyfriends, they chorused.
Last time, man. Leave me alone, I commanded, balling a fist at my side. 
Anger burned inside of me. I remembered the skinny man who had innocently asked me for directions before his big friend snuck up behind me and attacked. This man and his friends were no different. No normal person would have followed me alone down a dark street with decent intentions. 
Oh, cmon, little lady, lets have some fun. 
The drunken man reached out to grab hold of me, and I stepped quickly out of his grip, surprising myself with the speed with which I had moved. 
He fell forward, arms wind-milling as he tried to right himself. His friends took this as their cue, reaching out to grab me as well. 
Anxiety left me, replaced now with the need for survival. Primal instincts kicked in. I wasnt going to be made a victim by these men. 
A blur of outstretched arms reached to grab me. I fought back, throwing punches and kicks, moving with incredible speed and grace I had never had before.
A hand grabbed hold of my wrist. In a smooth, fluid motion, I twisted out of my would-be captors grip, breaking free of his hold. I knocked back and threw a wild punch. My fist collided with the nearest face and I was rewarded with a loud groan of pain, and the unmistakable sound of bones cracking. My attacker fell to the ground, leaving three others still trying to subdue me. 
I felt strong and powerful, knocking each man down as if he were a rag doll. 
The man who had originally called out to me stumbled back onto his feet. He screamed obscenities and words in Spanish that I assumed were meant as insults. He lunged at me again. 
Fueled by the need for survival and my unyielding hunger, I grabbed hold of him. Instinctively, I yanked at his hair, pulling his head toward me. I bared my fangs and sank them deep into his neck. Hot blood flooded my mouth. I savored the thick, honey-sweet elixir.
Pure ecstasy. 
It was warm and smooth, filling my being with new energy. Drunk with this new sensation, I felt unstoppable. Powerful. I could stop bad people from doing awful, evil, vile things. This bloodlust had a purpose. If I was to be this creature, I would ensure my feeding helped to stop the unnecessary deaths of innocents.
Visions of the men who had beaten me fueled my rage. This man would not be allowed to go peacefully into the light. I wanted him to pay for what he would have done to mewhat I had already endured at the hands of men like him. I wanted him to feel it all, pain and torment. I gnawed at his neck, and dug my nails into his dirty flesh.
He would pay with his last dying breath. 
My victim moaned pitifully. His arms flailed. He beat against my back, struggling to get away. I didnt flinch. My arms encircled his body and locked tight in a deadly embrace. 
His heart thundered in his chest, pumping blood faster through the wound into my awaiting mouth. 
I drained him, gulping his blood down like a refreshing drink on a hot summer day, until I heard the last pathetic thump of his heart.
Engrossed in my own personal victory, and drunk with this new blood, I failed to pay attention to the other three men. 
Screams of Vampire! Vampire! echoed in the empty streets.
Instantly, it hit me. I was supposed to be discreet. Lysander had warned not to let others find out about us or the Acta Sanctorum would begin hunting us down. 
I sprang to my feet, throwing the lifeless body to the ground, and took off after the other three with a speed I never thought I was capable of.
Thankfully, Lysander was true to his word. Hed kept a close watch on me and was already in pursuit of the escaping men. He quickly caught up to them and slammed one of them into a wall, knocking him out, and ran for the others. I followed close behind. In moments, we both overtook the two remaining men. Lysander took one for his kill and I gorged myself on the other. 
We carried the bodies to the nearest dumpster and disposed of them, so as not to leave any evidence of our activities. As soon as I hoisted my victim into the bin, Lysander lit a match and threw it in. Thanks to a lot of debris, it quickly caught fire. I wondered if that would be enough to cover our tracks.
Before I could form the words, Lysander answered my unasked question. It wont cremate the bodies, but it should remove any traces of our involvement with their death. We must always hide our kills.
I watched the dumpster ablaze with the victims of my first hunt.
Lysander pulled me close, his arms encircled my body. I knew you could do this. You have a lot of strength inside of you.
I leaned into him, still staring at the fire. Thanks.
Lets go, said Lysander. The night is calling. 


CHAPTER 8
* * * * *

Perhaps it was the alcohol content in my victims blood, or maybe just the relief that my first hunt was over. Whatever it was, my body hummed with energy. My senses awakened: lights seemed brighter, sounds were crisper, smells were more intense. Fresh blood coursed through my veins, and I felt the blissful lightheadedness of being drunk. I found myself dancing around as we made our way back towards the car. 
You have done well tonight, Lysander praised as I twirled around him. 
What is this amazing feeling?
The energy of life. He let out a small laugh as I stumbled, almost tripping over my feet. You are drunk on pure energy.
Lysander smiled at me as I floated around in my drunken state. There was no fear of discovery in my antics. Vegas was used to seeing drunks wander the streets, and my blood-drunk state would seem no different to any passersby. 
Lysander didnt attempt to hold or control me as we walked back through the casino to the elevators. The multitude of smells still enticed me, but my satiated state quieted the beast, making it easier to endure. By the time we reached the top of the parking garage, the lightheadedness had begun to dissipate. 
I noticed a man standing next to Lysanders SUV. Lysander must have noticed the strange man as well. His body stiffened and he held up a hand, motioning for us to slow our pace. 
The man was well dressed, in a tailored, all-white suit. A black shirt peeked out from beneath his jacket, and two thick gold chains glistened at his neck. His outfit, though nice, appeared out of place on this side of town. Downtown was certainly not where the glitzy high rollers played. 
A strange sensation overtook me. The hairs on the back of my neck prickled, and my skin flushed with goose bumps as we approached. I wondered if this was the sensation Lysander had spoken of before. I guessed the stranger must be one of us. 
I scanned the stranger's face, looking for any sign of hostility, but it appeared blank of all visible emotions. The trademark blue-gray eyes confirmed my suspicion. He was a vampire. 
Anxiety suddenly washed through me. I hadnt planned on meeting another vampire this soon. 
Did the screaming of my victims alert someone? Were we in trouble?
The stranger stood rigid like a statue, as if waiting for us to come closer. His long, slicked-back jet-black hair was neatly tied into a ponytail at the base of his neck. An abnormally long nose came to a point above his thin lips. I guessed hed been turned in his early thirties. A few faint wrinkles crossed his large forehead, and there were tiny crows-feet at the edges of his eyes.
We came to a stop at the trunk of Lysanders Jeep, leaving a comfortable gap between ourselves and the stranger. I turned my attention to Lysander. The angry look on his face told me he recognized this man and, more importantly, that he wasnt happy to see him. That thought sent my anxiety level rising higher.
Edmond Lysander said, nodding to the man standing at the head of his car.
Ah, Lysander, Edmond responded. I havent seen you in quite some time. He inclined his head to me. And who is this pretty little thing youre with? His voice carried hints of a French accent. I felt his probing eyes surveying every inch of me. 
I cringed as his eyes moved up to meet mine, feeling a strange sensation, as if he were trying to read me, mentally sizing me up. I shrank back to avoid his stare, stepping closer to Lysander. 
Out here all by yourself, are you, Edmond? Kallisto let you off your leash? Lysander taunted.
I come on behalf of my mistress, Edmond said, with an arrogant flick of his hand. 
Oh. She has you acting as her messenger boy now, Lysander said, his lips curled into a sneer. 
No task is to menial when it comes to the Mistresses happiness. And I would do anything to make Mistress Kallisto happy, Edmond retorted. Perhaps that is why she favors me. She knows she can count on me to always be there at her side. 
You are nothing more than a puppet, Edmond. 
Lysanders scowling face was hard to ignore, yet Edmond showed no sign of fear.
I wondered, for a moment, who Kallisto was and if she was a type of vampire royalty. They both seemed to know her and the way Edmond talked made her seem like an important person in the vampire community. But Lysander had said he was a loner and didnt live in a coven. What would he have to do with this Edmond and Kallisto? 
Lysanders growling words snapped me out of my thoughts. Get to the point then, Edmond. To what do we owe this occasion?
Always straight to the point with you, isnt it? And I was so looking forward to reminiscing with you. How long has it been? Do you miss us? Edmond moved toward us, smiling wickedly at me. 
I gulped and took a step backward.
Shy, are we, ma chre? Edmond spoke softly, inching closer. Again, I felt the eerie sensation of his eyes probing me. Might I at least have the pleasure of your name?
Get the hell away from me, I snapped. 
Leave her out of this, Edmond, and get to the point of your visit, barked Lysander. 
Edmonds lips curled at the corners. Im afraid I cant do that. 
I shuddered. Damn it, I probably should have kept my mouth closed. My chest became tight. My heart raced, pounding like a drum roll. 
Edmond took another small step closer, reaching a hand out to me. I flinched. 
Lysander stepped in front of me, blocking Edmonds path. He knocked away Edmonds hand. I said, leave her alone.
Jealous, are we, Lysander? He sneered. Dont worry. I wont steal her. I just wish to know her name.
An odd silence halted their verbal tennis match. It piqued my curiosity. I chanced a look at Edmond. He stood firm in his place. He and Lysander stared at one another as if each was threatening the other to make a move, but no words were exchanged. 
Lysanders face was blocked from my view, but I saw the struggle in Edmonds eyes. His lips quivered at the corners, but he did not move or speak. His hands twitched, fisting and rising to a defensive position, and then relaxing back to his side. 
The odd silence and strange behavior confused me. Lysanders body also seemed to tense and relax in front of me. I shrank behind him, waiting for something to happen. Tension ran thick in the air. I sensed a fight was about to start. Many moments went by silently before Lysander spoke again. 
Enough mind games, Edmond. Speak your purpose for being here or leave us, Lysander demanded. 
Fine, Edmond huffed. It is precisely this enchanting little urchin you have recently turned that gives us cause to have this chat. There was a definite note of disdain in his voice.
Me? What do I have to do with anything? 
A chill ran down my spine. I wanted to get out of there. I needed to escape. 
Lysanders stance became more defensive. He continued to act as a wall between Edmond and me. She is none of youror anyone elsesconcern, Edmond.
That may be your opinion; however, there are those among us who do not look too kindly on bastard fledglings turned without permission, and, well, you know the law.
Those laws do not pertain to me, Lysander said with a snarl. I am under no ones rule. 
That, too, is a matter of opinion, and it would be in your best interest and the interest of yourlady friend to sort this matter out with Kallisto. 
I have nothing to discuss with you or Kallisto, Lysander said. I am through with this conversation. Leave my presence before I decide to send Kallisto a message of my own, using your corpse. 
Edmond waved his hand at Lysander. Save your childish threats for someone else. He turned and walked away toward the elevators. Consider this your one and only warning. You have thirty nights.
Lysander turned to me. His eyes appeared hard and cold. Get in the car. 
He inhaled slow, controlled breaths as he entered the car and started the engine. The scowl didnt leave his mouth as he drove out of the parking garage. I wanted to start questioning him. I wanted to know what danger we were in, but the look on his face told me now would not be the best time. 
Thankful to be leaving without a fight, my mind raced with questions.
What part did Kallisto play in all of this? Who was she? Why did Edmond accuse Lysander of breaking a law? What kind of trouble were we in? Was Lysander going to be able to settle this? What if Kallisto came after us? 
There is more for you to know about our kind, he said, breaking the silence. I told you there were other covens out there.
Yeah, it seems you left out quite a bit of information. What the hell was going on back there?
It wasnt necessary to tell you everything about our kind just yet. You seemed to be having trouble handling the basics. I heard the frustration in Lysanders voice. As I said before, there are quite a few covens out there. One in particular stands out from the rest. Its the oldest known coven in existence, and Kallisto is the leader.
I had a feeling he would say that.
Kallisto is a very old, very powerful vampire, Lysander said.
Great, just great. Was she the first? I asked. 
Lysander shook his head. No, I dont think so. But she is the oldest vampire I know, and she feels she is the ruler over us all.
But if she isnt the first, isnt there someone above her?
Lysander groaned. His fist tightened on the steering wheel. Why are you so fixated on the first vampire?
I dont know. I guess well, thats how it always goes in the stories.
This is not some fiction story, he said with a hint of annoyance. This is reality. 
Yeah, and reality was getting worse and worse every minute. Im trying to make sense of all of this. I sighed and wrapped my arms around my stomach. Im scared, and this is all new to me.
I do not see why it is so important, but if you must know, no one knows who the first is. Kallisto has never claimed that title, but she is very old. She once told me of a legend that claims we were descended from the Keres.
The what?
You never studied mythology in school? A note of impatience was evident in Lysanders voice. 
I shook my head. Nope, I didnt care much for that kind of stuff. I never thought I would need it. It wasnt like I expected to become a vampire when I grew up.
Have you at least heard of the Greek gods?
You mean Zeus, Hades, Hera
Yes, good. What about the Titans? Are you familiar with them?
Uhno, not really. I shook my head, feeling a little bit embarrassed at how little I knew.
The Titans preceded the Olympian gods youre familiar with. They were there at the beginning of creation and birthed, so to speak, the gods you know.
Okay, go on.
They were what we believe caused everything to come into being: Gaia, earth; Uranus, sky; Chronos, time; Nyx, night; and so forth. Each of the Titans had various children. Some of Nyxs many children were the Keres: winged female blood-drinking creatures, with large claws and razor-sharp teeth.
I shuddered, imagining such beasts. So were monsters.
Lysander didnt seem to be bothered by his description or my reaction. He continued without missing a beat. They were charged with finishing off wounded men in battle so their souls might cross over into the underworld.
Okay, I said, holding up my hand to pause him. So they were the original vampires?
No, they were godlike creatures to begin with. Vampires, such as we are, began as mortals. According to Kallistos telling of the legend, one of the Keres mated with a mortal, creating the first of our kind: half mortal, half god.
I bit at my thumbnail as Lysander continued to rattle off more about the legend. 
The Olympian gods and the Titans were at war. The Titans were imprisoned by Zeus in Tartarus, also known as the deepest part of the underworld. Nyx, being a Titan, was unable to keep constant watch over this new immortal creation. She was forced to return to Tartarus each morning and was only allowed out as the sun set. Nyx cursed this new immortal, preventing him from coming out into the daylight, hoping to keep him a secret. This new immortal adapted well to the night, but eventually became lonely and depressed, being the only one of his kind. Nyx took pity on him, allowing him to create a mate, and taught him the secret power of his immortal blood. And so our race began.
I nodded to myself, trying to process all of this new information. So we really are creatures of the night? 
According to the legend, yes. Lysander turned to face me. But as I have said, no one has ever met this first vampire, so the validity of the story has yet to be proven. It remains legend, as do many of the other various theories on how our kind started.
A combination of shock and awe hit me as I put all the pieces of the story together. So, Kallisto is basically the oldest and strongest known vampire. She thinks she is the queen of all vampires. And she is mad at us? 
Lysander leaned his head to the side, one of his eyes squinted as he pursed his lips. Mad is probably not the appropriate word to use here, he said. 
What about Edmond? Is he just a messenger?
Lysanders brow furrowed. Hes her mate.
Mate? Like her husband or something?
Yes, He sighed. We are almost to my home. I have some things to show you. 



CHAPTER 9
* * * * *

We arrived at Lysanders home just after midnight. He gestured for to me sit in the living room as he walked to the large wooden bookshelves. Wondering what other scary revelations he was about to tell me, I sank into the soft leather of the couch, watching as his fingers darted nimbly across the spines of ancient-looking tomes. Lysanders wide eyes flitted back and forth as he skimmed the books.
Kallisto and I have quite a history." His finger stopped on a dusty, brown leather spine. Ah, yes, this is the one.
He pulled the thick book from the shelf. It was old and weathered. The leather binding looked as if it would fall apart in his hands. He opened it and carefully presented it to me.
Is this vampire history? I wondered, looking at the yellowing pages. The book appeared to be a diary of some sort, written in languages I did not know. 
Some of it. Technically, this would be my history. I am not old enough to know what happened in the very beginning. This is an account of my life with Kallisto.
I admired the book, turning the pages slowly, trying not to damage them. 
What language is this? 
I scanned the text, noting the funny slashes and illegible scribbles, not finding any writing I understood until I flipped more than halfway to the end of the book.
Each language you see represents the current language spoken when I wrote the entry. I wanted to preserve the history I was able to witness, so I documented everything I saw. It has been my lifes work to transcribe history. This book, however, is not an original. It is a copy, made by me before I left Kallisto and her coven. 
He left her. That might explain why she was sending messengers after him. 
He let out a deep sigh. I caught a hint of sadness. It was as if the mention of Kallisto carried some painful memory.
The original parchment and scrolls were left with her so many years ago, along with many of my other writings.
I looked up at Lysanders face. He looked lovingly on the book lying in my lap, as if it were his child. His eyes lit up as I turned the pages, revealing more writing and sketches thatI assumedhe had drawn. I felt a strange sensation of pride, like I was somehow channeling the feelings I saw as I looked up into Lysanders eyes.
He let me flip through the book until I had seen everything on my own, then turned it back to the beginning, showing me a sketch of a beautiful grassy valley dotted with farms. The sketch was vividly detailed; each blade of grass was lovingly etched into the page. I could tell Lysander had put quite a bit of work into this tome.
I was born in Amfissa, a valley city in ancient Greece, he said, seating himself next to me on the couch. 
It was a beautiful, fertile land, but scarred by generation after generation of war with each of our neighbors and even Rome itself before the latter defeated us, eventually incorporating us into their republic.
Wow, Rome and Greece. I didnt realize Lysander was that old. I looked up at his youthful face. He has to be over two thousand years old if he came from ancient Greece.
He turned the book to the next page and pointed out a sketch of a temple filled with people in celebration.
I had no taste for war, preferring to tend my familys land and enjoy the pleasures of worshipping the gods. We celebrated our gods back then, toasting them with wine and food. Huge feasts were thrown in celebration of the gods, thanking them for their blessings. Special festivals were held at different points of the year to give thanks for the bounty they bestowed on us."
He spoke with such fervor. I knew this subject must be near and dear to his heart. A smile stretched wide across his face, reaching up to his sparkling eyes. 
It was at the Oscophoria, a grape harvesting festival, that I first glimpsed Kallisto. 
I lost myself staring into his eyes, watching him speak instead of looking at the book in my lap. 
He pointed down to the picture, refocusing me. Throngs of people crowded the temple in celebration as youths brought forth the finest ripened grapes from the vine. 
Lysanders eyes closed, and his smile turned into a crooked grin. He appeared to be reliving a pleasant memory. 
She was alone, making her way through the sea of people, and upon viewing her, I had to meet her.
Sounded like love at first sight. I hadnt figured Lysander for the romantic type. I admired the serene look on his handsome face.
I remember my first glimpse of her as clearly as if I were looking at her right now, he sighed. She was an enchanting beauty with gorgeous long black hair.
He turned the page again, pointing out another drawing of a tall, slender woman dressed in traditional Greek style, with dark hair and a floor-length, white tunic dress.
Wow, she is beautiful.
It was that night that I would be turned. Kallisto told me she was born of the gods and wished to bestow her gift on me. She enticed me with carnal pleasures, telling me I needed to free myself from mortality with ecstasy and wine. Only the wine she offered me was blood. We lay as lovers that night, entwined in one anothers bodies, sharing in the feast of blood. By morning I was a vampire and we retreated to the lower hidden floor of the temple.
I nodded as Lysander turned the page, revealing more writing and a drawing of a man holding two women covered in blood. 
The serene look left Lysanders face. I too struggled initially with the thought of killing, as I see you do, he said. Though my teacher was not so patient with me. The first night after my transformation, I was offered two beautiful virgins for my first meal. I refused them at first, feeling sorry for them, not wanting to end their lives. I feared becoming a monster as you do.
Lysander spoke matter-of-factly, but his words were a relief to me. I was glad to hear I wasnt a disappointment for struggling with my newfound need for blood.
He continued, This enraged Kallisto, and in her fury, she attacked me. Her strength outmatched mine. I was a newborn vampire, weak and unable to stop her. She tossed me around like a rag doll and threatened to abandon me to the sunlight as punishment. It was made clear from the start that there would never be a choice in who was to be sacrificed. I was to drink the blood of the living or die for showing disrespect to my mistress for her gift. 
So she made you kill the virgins? I gasped, covering my mouth with my hand.
Yes.
She sounds cruel and heartless, I said, under my breath.
Kallisto was a strict mistress, but also a talented lover. She used the pleasures of the flesh to reward my obedient behavior, allowing me to perform any act of carnal desire with her as long as I accepted her as my mistress. Over the years, I grew to love Kallisto and wanted nothing more than her happiness. We became partners, a kind of husband and wife, and it was just the two of us living in the temple. 
He turned the page again, showing another drawing of a large city. Time moved on, and soon the Romans commanded Greece. 
I recognized the huge coliseum in the center of the picture, surrounded by a tight network of streets and wondered how he managed to get such detail into his drawings
Kallisto grew restless and soon tired of living in the temple. She decided we would move to the heart of the empire and add to our family. So, we left Amfissa and headed to Rome. 
You left your home for her?
Yes, I loved Kallisto. I wanted to make her happy. Also, a vampire can only stay in one place for so long before people get too suspicious.
Yeah, I guess you do have a point there.
I smiled, leaning in attentively as Lysander continued his story.
We made it to Rome, and our timing could not have been better. We arrived just after the assassination of the great Gaius Julius Caesar. All of Rome was in an uproar as political powers scrambled to reestablish order. Kallisto loved the chaos and used it to establish the first members of our coven. She sought out and quickly befriended Roman patricians and anyone with homes and money. Using the gift of immortality as trade, she gained access to riches and palatial homes. The upheaval in the aftermath of Caesars death left many fearing they would be murdered for their political alliances, and for them, immortality was the only way they would survive. It was a good plan, and our family grew to a few dozen in just a month after our arrival in Rome. 
He turned another page, revealing a drawing of a palatial home filled with people dressed in long, colorful tunic dresses, shawls, and togas. 
Oh, how beautiful. I admired the various women with long hair, adorned with glittering decorations.
We lived in the lap of luxury, just as Kallisto wanted, and she and I were worshipped as rulers among our fledgling family.
Why would Lysander leave the coven, then? I looked up, trying to glean some information from his expression. He ignored my questioning gaze, continuing with his story.
Rules soon had to be established to maintain order amongst our group. Fledglings began turning their mortal lovers, and our homes overflowed with too many vampires. Kallisto and I came up with and instructed our brood on the five laws that would rule our coven.
He turned the page again, showing me what appeared to be a list marked by large, ornately drawn Roman numerals. He pointed them out as he read them to me.
Number one. We do not walk among men as equals. We are hidden gods, revealing ourselves only to our victims before the moment of their deaths, or to our children before bestowing our gift upon them. Death shall be your reward for revealing our true nature to mortals. 
Number two. Our gifts shall not be squandered. Only the unique among mortals will be granted immortality and approval shall be sought before performing the act. Death shall be you and your childs reward for siring without consent.
My heart skipped a beat. I gasped, realizing now why Edmond was sent to warn Lysander. Lysander turned me, and now Kallisto wanted us dead.
Lysander continued reading, seemingly unaware of my panic.
Number three. The rules governing mortal crimes shall be enforced among immortals. Murder and thievery will not be tolerated among your brethren, and your mistress will judge you on the severity of your crimes.
Number four. Discretion in your feeding is your duty, and no trace should be left of your nightly activities, or you risk exposure of our kind to mortals. Death shall be your reward for breaking our veil of secrecy.
And finally, number five. Your brethrens victims are theirs to have and feed from. Do not covet or attempt to take them from your brothers and sisters. We must all respect one another as family. Exile shall be your reward for covetousness.
Lysander finally looked at me. I told you covens were fanatical. Though I was horrified by this revelation, his tone hadnt changed. He spoke plainly, as if he were not affected by what he was telling me.
Punishments were harsh in our coven. We had to keep the rules strict to maintain order among our brood.
But you broke one of those rules by turning me.
Whose rules are they?
I thought for a moment before speaking. Kallistos.
Exactly. Not mine. I am no longer a member of that coven.
But you helped establish them. Kallisto sent someone to tell you that you broke a law. And if those rules are still in effect, you signed both our death warrants when you turned me. 
Get a hold of yourself, Alyssa. I told you, I do not belong with her any longer.
I couldnt hide the fright in my voice. If she is sending messengers, then she might still think you do. How could he be so calm about all of this?
Alyssa, please understand. Her coven is not the only coven out there. Her laws, though she might not want to admit it, do not govern the entirety of the vampire world. 
I wasnt entirely convinced. If Kallisto sent a messenger out to warn us, there had to be some real reason behind it. 
Even as Kallisto and I were making these rules for our new coven, there were already many other vampires populating the world. Remember, Kallisto must have been turned by someone before coming to Amfissa. Logic will tell you there had to be others out there. Now, shall I continue with my story? 
Fine, go on. I took a deep breath, trying to calm my frantically beating heart. 
Below the five marked rules was another group of words in Latin. Lysander looked back down at his book, translating the words.
 To be exiled is to be lowered in status, equal to that of mortal men. Members of the coven are free to prey upon the exiled and condemned, and use their blood to strengthen themselves. 
My hand clenched into a tight fist in my lap. Oh, God, thats how they are going to do it. They are going to hunt us down and feed on us. 
Lysander looked up from the book, meeting my frightened eyes. Our laws were not met with approval from many in our newly enlarged family. When we began enforcing them, a small faction decided to break off and start a new coven. Even in a city as large as Rome, it was hard to contain two covens, and for at least a century, a feud was fought between our coven and the members of the new house. The feuding spilled over into the streets of Rome, and the city became victim to the fighting of our two families. On many occasions, the streets of Rome erupted in flame as immortal brothers attacked one another, trying to gain control of the city. 
He turned another page in the book and pointed to a frightening picture of streets ablaze and people running in terror.
Rome was changing around us. The old gods were being replaced by Christianity, and the Romans saw many emperors come and go. I and many of our family grew tired of the feuding between the covens. We had stayed in Rome too long, so I pleaded with Kallisto to give up control and move our coven somewhere else. 
Okay, this might be good. Kallisto listened to him back then. Maybe there was some hope here.
After much debate, she agreed, and we left Rome, searching for a new place where our family could live in peace. This started a trend that would continue throughout the modern era. We would move to a location and set up a home. After a century or so, we would move on. A period of peace and prosperity among our coven lasted through the twelfth century. Life was extremely comfortable, and we were happy to watch the world developing around us. 
Again, the thought crossed my mind. Why would Lysander want to leave, if coven life was so wonderful? 
We eventually made our way to what is now France, and it was there that we met the gentleman you saw tonight.
He turned the page, showing a large drawing of Edmond. Lysanders body tensed and his eyes narrowed.
Edmond was a wealthy land owner and immediately took Kallistos interest. He spoke in a carefully controlled tone. We had lived as rulers and mates for more than a thousand years without much incident until he came along. She turned him, and his home became our own. Kallisto took to spending all of her time with this new fledgling. She lavished affection on him and saw to his education personally. They would disappear together for days at a time, leaving me to maintain order among the coven, whose numbers had reached above fifty.
Wow, thats a huge coven.
Lysanders lip curled into a sneer. Edmonds mortal status secured for us our home and wealth, and Kallisto used this to grant him a position of power in the coven, a title and award, which she had not done for others in the past. This brought unrest among the coven again and threatened to split our house apart, as had happened in Rome. 
He let out a long sigh.
Edmond was rapidly promoted to her personal adviser, and rumors threatened that I was about to be unseated as Kallistos mate and king. My supporters wanted to wage war and destroy Kallisto and her new consort, but I would not allow it. I loved Kallisto, despite her infidelity and politics, and could not bear to harm her. I never did have a taste for war, so I prepared myself to leave the coven. 
He turned the page again. This picture was horrific, a twisted and deformed blob of people and blood. I cringed and looked away from the picture.
To my knowledge, there has never been a coven of this magnitude in one location again. 
Lysanders voice became somber.
My announcement that I wished to leave was not met with any resistance until followers of mine stepped forward, announcing their intentions to leave as well. Kallisto did not want to lose her followers and commanded that all deserters be put to death. A bloody battle raged that evening, brother against brother. Family members who had been together for centuries turned on one another. I lost many an old friend that night. Before morning, I, and those who had survived and were still loyal to me, fled to safety.
Lysander paused, and his hands rose to his face, covering his eyes. He took a silent moment. An odd sensation hit me. Sadness, sorrow; but those werent my feelings. Again, I felt as if I were channeling the feelings from Lysander.
The moment passed. Lysander reached out and turned the page again, showing another upsetting picture, a city ravaged by death. Bodies lay in the streets, and the living people looked pale and diseased. 
Our small clan of immortals eventually made its way to England. It was a dirty and depressing place. The Black Death was new to the area and began spreading like wildfire. People were dying all around us, and the city reeked of disease. We were a small group now, and we were poor. Kallistos knack for allying herself with the affluent and respected in society was not available to us, and our meager clan of vampires was not as politically minded. 
He turned to the next page in the book, revealing a group of people crowded into a small room. I counted no more than six: a man resembling Lysander, a short, dark-haired man, a brunette woman, two blond men, and a red-headed woman. 
Who are they?
All who were left. We managed to secure a small home in central London where the plague seemed at its worst. The deaths around us easily masked our nightly feeding, but drastically reduced the numbers of healthy mortals on whom to feed. It wasnt long before our small clan dwindled away, each person leaving for various reasons. I bore them no ill will. They had stood for me when it had counted, and I would not deny them their own way in life, so I let them go.
I soon found myself alone, depressed and not willing to go on. I decided I had had enough of immortality.
He looked up at me, his blue-gray eyes filled with sadness. The years can wear on you when youre happy, and so much more so when you arent.
I wanted to reach out and hold him. The feeling of sadness was almost overwhelming. Poor Lysander. I nodded silently, telling him to continue with his story. 
I had lived to see the centuries pass and witnessed the greatness of social evolution. I saw the height and fall of Rome, observed countries develop from bands of fighting factions, and watched as the old gods and traditions were replaced with a new and more powerful deity. 
He took a deep breath. Turning his attention back to the book, he flipped the page. I saw a large, empty room and a man, whom I assumed was Lysander, lying on the ground.
I sealed myself into a newly built tomb. I lay down on the soft dirt within and waited for death from starvation. 
The odd feeling of sadness ended. Lysander took another deep breath, reaching again to the book to turn another page.
Death was not to be mine, he said. Hunger eventually turned to paralysis, and I became immobile, like a living statue destined for eternal sleep.
How horrible. To be paralyzed forever.
During my centuries of sleep, Kallistos coven came under attack by a new group of crusaders: vampire hunters with the backing of the Roman Catholic Church. It was the first time anyone had seen a group such as this, and although mortal, they were able to hunt and destroy groups of vampires.
Kallisto came to England and found my tomb. 
He turned the page, and I saw the two lovers in one anothers arms, lying in the dirt of Lysanders tomb.
I found myself awakening to the taste of her blood as I lay in her lap. She fed me and brought me back from my deathlike sleep, offering me a home again with her and all that remained of her coven. I wanted to rejoin her and for a short time I tried, but Edmond was still thereher right hand. The coven had a mere fraction of its original strength. I was no longer the respected and beloved king. Kallisto still wanted me, but her mate was now Edmond. I could not bear to live with them and made my intentions known that I would be leaving again. 
Kallisto was unhappy and threatened death, warning me to be careful in my choice. At that point, death was preferable to living with her coven.
Lysanders face became serious again. Edmond stepped in as Kallisto was delivering her sentence. He suggested another alternative: loneliness and exile. I was told if I would not live with the coven, I would live alone and walk through eternity with no one by my side.
Loneliness and exile: So you cant have any friends or partners? Great, another reason why turning me was a problem. So Kallisto didnt want Lysander dead, she wanted me dead. 
Lysander scoffed. They are so arrogant. They think they control the world. My ties to them ended there.
But they still consider you under their rule, I thought, not wanting to state the obvious out loud for fear of angering Lysander.
The New World had been discovered while I slept. It was far away from everything I had known. I felt it could be a place of new beginning for me. I booked passage on a ship bound for America, saying goodbye to my beloved Kallisto. From that moment on, I would never consider myself part of her or her coven again.
He closed the book, taking it from my lap and setting it on to the coffee table.
The goodbye did not last as long as I had hoped. Kallisto followed me. After my arrival in America, I lived in Boston, then Chicago, then Texas, and finally, here. Each place I called home was not mine for very long. Eventually she made her presence known. 
So what can we do? Do we face her, or do we move somewhere else?
Lysander stood up and paced in front of the couch.
Im not sure what I am going to do at this moment.
Great, just great! Hes supposed to have the answers and he doesnt know what to do.
That wasnt the answer I was hoping for. I stretched out, across the couch, and waited for Lysander to stop his pacing and give me some idea of what would happen to us. This Kallisto woman sounded pretty hard to deal with, but Lysander hadnt escaped her in the nearly thousand years since their first parting. It didnt seem likely that moving was going to solve anything, and I had a feeling that was why he was unable to give me an answer. 
Try not to worry, Alyssa. I will take care of this. For now, we must concentrate on your education as a vampire.


CHAPTER 10
* * * * *

A few nights passed after our encounter with Edmond. We hadnt heard anything new from the coven, and Lysander had not yet told me how we planned to deal with the threat they posed to us. It appeared that Lysander was waiting for them to make another move. The potential threat of Kallisto was a constant worry. Even though Lysander tried to reassure me that he could handle her, his words didnt do much to relieve my anxiety. I wanted to know how, but he wouldnt say anything further. I had no choice but to trust his word and hope for the best. 
Lysander focused on bringing me up to speed and teaching me how to be, as he called it, a proper vampire. He told me that would be key to my survival. He did have a point. I wouldn't know the first thing about defending myself against a two-thousand-year-old ex-lover with a grudge.
I learned that some things about being a vampire were pretty cool. There were definitely benefits to being immortal. Really, it was only the hunting for blood that bothered me. 
My new abilities began to develop quickly. I could sense other living things around me: people, animals, and vampiresalthough I had really only had Lysander as a test subject for the last one. Even if I couldnt see or smell them, I could sense the presence of something alive near me. An odd feeling would strike me, making the hair on the back of my neck stand on end, and I would know someone was around. I sensed the unseen presence near me and knew the exact direction to look and find it. At times I sensed emotions as if I were feeling them myself. 
Each time I was near Lysander, I felt that strange warmth radiating from him. I wondered if he felt it too, and if it meant something. 
Lysander showed no hint of any feelings; always the teacher, he focused strictly on my vampire education. He instructed me to go after only those people who were evil. It was his way to justify the hunt. If we had to survive off blood, it should only come from those who would spill it themselves. After my first hunt and the feeling of power, as I took down the man who might have raped me (or worse), I understood this philosophy.
Guilt at the thought of killing still hung in the back of my mind. My victims, evil as they were, were still human, and it went against my nature to end their lives. 
I dont want anyone to have to die, I protested. I tried to stall, holding out as long as I could each night before hunting. 
Waiting too long to hunt and letting the thirst take over and control you will cause you to mistakenly attack someone who wouldnt deserve to die, Lysander cautioned. 
I could tell my reluctance bothered him. As patient as he was, I knew he was tiring of my protests and arguments. 
Would you be able to handle that kind of guilt? Blood is how we survive. Someone has to die. There is no way around this. If you let your hunger take over, you will become the bloodthirsty monster you fear.
I huffed and crossed my arms in frustration. I couldnt argue with him. His intentions were right, and there was no getting out of the need for blood. 
If you hunt when you are not starving, you will be able to control yourself enough to choose your victims wisely, Lysander said, placing a hand on my shoulder for comfort. Keep hunting criminals and justify their deaths.
He continued to take me to the seedy parts of town, staying close enough to keep a watch on me as I hunted, making sure I didnt get into trouble. It was a little annoying to be constantly babysat like this, but Lysander refused to let me hunt alone. 
Even though it seemed futile, I was stubborn, and continued to argue and question if there were any other ways to feed. 
Eventually, Lysander obliged by showing me another, less pleasant method of survival: feeding off the blood of animals. 
He took me out with the intention of hunting feral strays. Not exactly a better option, in my opinion.
We spotted a chocolate lab, wandering down a quiet neighborhood street. 
You cant expect me to go after that dog, I protested. 
Lysander crossed his arms in front of his chest. His eyes narrowed and he shot a stern look at me. Why not? You said you didnt want to hunt people. What else did you expect to hunt?
Its probably someones pet, I stalled. Killing a defenseless animal just didnt sit right with me.
Lysander pointed in the direction of the dog. I doubt that. Look at how skinny the mangy thing is.
The dog stopped for a second and sniffed the air. I saw the outline of its ribs underneath its dirty, matted fur. It turned its head in our direction, taking one more sniff before bolting down the street at top speed. 
Go get it, Lysander urged. 
No! I stomped my foot like a child throwing a fit. I had never been much of a pet lover, but killing defenseless animals seemed crueler to me than killing a rapist. 
If its not enough to satiate you, we can always find another. Consider this one a snack, Lysander said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
I would much rather destroy a murderer, rapist, or even a pedophile than an innocent dog or cat. This just seems heartless.
A life was a life, and it just felt wrong to me to end such an innocent one with my hunger. 
You have eaten chicken and cow, have you not? Lysander asked.
Yes, but I never had to kill them myself. I think I might have turned vegetarian if I had been forced to.
Lysander laughed at me.
They are innocent, I snapped at him. How can I destroy a harmless creature who has done no wrong?
You asked for a way to avoid killing humans. Animals are your only other option. Of course, you dont have to hunt them. You can keep taking out criminals, if you find that more justifiable. 
Is there no other way around killing?
No, Im sorry. You must have live blood.
Please, Lysander, there has to be another way, I begged. I wantedI neededthere to be some other way.
Why must there be some other way? This is how we live. We must drink blood.
There are other ways of obtaining blood, though. I was not giving up yet. Cant we try something else? Please?
I see you arent going to let this go, he sighed. Fine, you can have your way. I will show you what it is like to have blood without hunting for it. But, I can guarantee you will like this less than the animals.

***

He took us to a local butcher, and asked him to package up a container of blood for us. The butcher, a balding, overweight man, complied while blankly staring at Lysander, as if he were in a trance. It seemed odd to me that the butcher asked no questions or even gave Lysander a second glance when he requested a pint of blood. I had a sneaking suspicion that Lysander had done something to make the butcher seem so docile. 
My questions were easily forgotten when we exited the building. I eagerly awaited my first trial with the stored blood. Rather than wait to get it back to Lysanders house, we took the container of blood around a back alley behind the butcher shop to have a little taste. I was so excited for this new alternative to my nightly feeding that I could hardly wait for him to open the container. My mouth watered with anticipation. I prepared for the dizzying rush of energy I was accustomed to feeling when I drank. 
If this works, Im stocking Lysanders fridge full of blood.
I was eager to end my need to kill. 
Lysander must have known what I was thinking. He had a mischievous smile on his face as he offered me the container of blood.
I took it greedily, yanking off the top of the container, and inhaled a long whiff of its scent. 
My nose crinkled.
Odd, this does not smell sweet or fragrant at all. It smells like an old rusty penny. Maybe this is what Lysander meant when he said I wouldnt enjoy it?
Against the protest of my nose, I put the container to my lips and took a sip. 
Heres to no more death!
Ugh! I gagged.
It was exactly what I had first imagined drinking blood would be like: cold, gelatinous, half-congealed, runny goop. The stale, metallic taste made me want to throw up. 
Lysander laughed as he watched me trying to choke down the contents of the container. I could only handle a few sips before I dropped it to the ground, trying to control my gag reflex.
Tastes horrible, doesnt it? He chuckled. That is why we drink from the living, Alyssa.
I ignored his mocking smile as I scraped my tongue against my teeth and spit a coagulated chunk on the ground. The stale, metallic taste hung in my mouth. 
Its disgusting. I cant drink this at all, I screeched. Its terrible. 
And it has no energy and therefore no sustenance for us. Drinking this will do nothing for you. It is the energy in live blood that you take in. Thats what makes the blood worth drinking. Lysander continued to laugh at me.
I guess I learned my lesson, I grumbled and kicked the container on the ground, spilling blood all over the asphalt. Lysander was right. Like it or not, I had to survive off living blood.

CHAPTER 11
* * * * *

After our experiment with the cows blood from the butcher shop, I had a new eagerness for the taste of fresh blood. I was also getting better at sensing people around me as I hunted, and after telling this to Lysander, he decided it was time for me to learn more about my abilities. 
I was ready for my next lesson and eagerly readied myself for his instruction.
Lysander came out of the bedroom dressed in a pair of plain carpenter jeans and a very loosely buttoned black shirt that revealed a tempting view of his neck and chest. 
I couldnt help but notice how handsome he was. I licked my lips, enjoying the view as he walked across the room. 
We are going to work on something tonight before you hunt, he said slyly, calling me over to take a seat at the head of the dining room table. 
I happily did as I was told and took a seat in the chair closest to where Lysander stood. 
I am going to show you how to direct the feelings of your victim to make him submissive.
A smile crept across my face. This sounded like it could be fun.
Lysander must have recognized my excitement. He returned my smile, showing just a hint of teeth beneath his lips. 
Everyone, mortals and immortals alike, is susceptible to suggestion. You can use this to your advantage by hypnotizing and relaxing them, making your victim more submissive and willing for you to take them.
The docile butcher from the night before suddenly made sense. Lysander must have done something like that to him.
Hows that possible? I asked. 
We are gifted with stronger minds than we had previously as mortals. Youve already shown your powers are developing quickly. Your ability to sense the presence of others without seeing them is proof of that. But that is only a small hint of what you will be capable of. If you can concentrate and harness this new power, you can do much more with it. 
Up to now, my victims had all been criminals of some kind, and a kill was usually the result of me fighting with them, dragging them down in self-defense as I drained them of their life. 
I was intrigued by the thought that I could make someone just want me to end their life. I imagined a murderer throwing a knife to the ground and begging me to bite him.
A small giggle escaped me and I quickly covered my mouth with my hand to stifle it.
Lysander continued, As your senses develop, you will easily be able recognize the feelings of those you come in contact with. You can use that ability to know what they are feeling and then change it to match whatever you want them to feel.
He looked down at me. His eyes met mine, probing me for understanding. 
Can you sense what I am feeling? he asked.
I sensed the warmth that seemed to join us, but never anything more. I remembered feeling the sadness that came from Lysander when he told me his story. Id been looking into his eyes when I felt it. 
It must be the eyes.
I tried to quiet my mind, focusing on him. His eyes were hypnotic and powerful. A rush of excitement took me over. He was like my own personal Greek god, statuesque and beautiful, the image of perfection with flawless features and those hypnotically beautiful eyes. It had been the nicest perk of my immortality, that he was my maker.
I lost myself, staring into the deep gray pools of his eyes, admiring the blue flecks sparkling at me. Lysander was a perfect specimen of man. I suddenly wanted to pull him close and feel his body next to mine. I wanted to give in to my secret urge to be close to him. 
We remained locked in this stare for a few moments, as I imagined feeling his lips on mine. 
I shook my head, blinking a few times, realizing I wasnt concentrating on my task. 
Focus! I need to focus! I can do this.
I blinked again before refocusing on Lysanders eyes.
Fear, I whispered timidly. It was a guess. I couldnt sense what he was feeling. A tiny voice in my head whispered to me and urged me to pull him closer. 
Concentrate on my feelings, Alyssa, not your own. Try again.
I took a deep breath before looking into Lysanders eyes again. I found it hard to see past the feelings of desire for him. I tried hard to quiet my nerves. There was no silence in my head. This need, this urge to be close to him, was all I felt. It took a moment before I realized it must be coming from him as well. 
My heart fluttered at the thought that he might want me too. Desire, I whispered.
Good, Lysander said calmly, showing no outward signs of his feelings. That is the first step. You will need to read the feelings of your intended victim.
I breathed a sigh of relief, happy I was able to perform the first part of this task. 
Next, you must create a very strong feeling in yourself. You have to feel it if youre going to make your victim feel it, Lysander continued.
That doesnt sound too hard. 
When you have your strong feeling, you must will that feeling to your victim, so they feel it too.
A wicked grin crossed his face. I knew he was about to do something to me, but I didnt know what it was. 
Now, imagine your victim feeling this as you attack. 
He lifted his hand and brushed the side of my neck. His touch caused my skin to pimple with gooseflesh. He looked down into my eyes; I felt the power of his stare intensify. A gray haze filled my head, and I suddenly felt weightless in my seat. 
My heart fluttered wildly, like a humming bird buzzing in my chest. A feeling of want took me, an overwhelming need for him to be close to me. I swooned, falling back into the chair. I caught my balance just as Lysander bent down eye level with me. 
His hand knotted in my hair. He gently pulled my head backwards. Hot breath grazed the sensitive skin on my neck as he drew closer; it set my blood on fire. I suddenly needed to touch him, to feel his body against my own. I closed my eyes, exhaled slowly, and arched my neck towards him in anticipation. I knew now what was coming. I didnt want to struggle. I wanted him to bite me, to take my blood, my essence, into him. 
His lips parted on my skin, sending a shiver down my spine. 
A sigh escaped my lips as his teeth pierced my skina momentary pinch. I whimpered but didnt struggle against him. The sensual pull as he drew the life out of me quickly replaced the pain. 
I wanted this. I wanted to be takento give all of myself to Lysander. Whatever he wanted from me, he could have. I would die in his arms if he only asked.
As quickly as he advanced, he finished his lesson, gently releasing me, letting me sink into the chair. Part of me wanted to cry out. I wanted more of his kiss. My body ached for his closeness.
Lysander pulled away and sat himself down on the floor. His eyes caught mine as I slowly regained control over my body. We sat gazing at each other. I wondered if he had shown me some of the real feelings simmering underneath his usually emotionless exterior. 
It took a few minutes for me to completely recover from Lysanders advance. I sat back up on the chair, breathing slowly, trying to calm my pounding heart. 
Now, Alyssa, I want you to try that on me. Make me feel that same way, make me want to die in your arms.
I dont know that I can do that.
His gaze had been so powerful and commanding. He had taken control of me before I knew what was happening. I didnt know if I would be able to match that intensity and control. 
I breathed slowly and steadily, trying to center myself. I needed to quiet my own yearning before I could gauge the emotions from Lysander. The lingering effects of his advance on me still took center stage in my mind. I couldnt deny the ache, the desire to touch him.
I wanted him. I wanted to share myself with him. I wanted to be close to him. 
I slid off the chair and onto his lap, on the floor. Our eyes met, and I again felt the warmth, the connection between us. I focused on his beautiful eyes, calling up any power I might have in myself. 
I want you, I want all of you. 
Willing Lysander to feel my need, I leaned in, pressing my lips to his. He didnt reject me. 
I want you, Lysander.
His lips parted and our tongues collided, dancing together, playfully licking against sharp teeth as we explored one anothers mouths. We locked in an embrace as new lovers on his dining room floor. I savored the feeling of his lipsso soft, like two silken pillowspressing against my own. 
I willed my feelings on him, hoping they were strong enough for him to want me as I wanted him. 
Kissing wasnt enough; I needed a taste. Thirst nagged at me, and I needed blood to satiate it. I broke from the kiss and ran my hands through his silky hair, gently pushing his head sideways, exposing his bare neck as I searched for the pulsing blue vein. 
He shuddered as my teeth broke through the soft flesh of his neck. His blood; the tingling ecstasy, the warm, sweet, honey liquid flooded my mouth, and a dizzying rush of energy washed through me. 
Instinctively, as if I had been doing it my whole life, I willed Lysander to share in this feeling.
A low, rumbling groan of pleasure came from him.
I drew his blood into me, slowly feeling my need for him increase. I wanted to have him, all of him. I willed that thought and feeling to Lysander and drank him in deeply. 
His arms surrounded me, tightening in an embrace, pulling me in close, silently telling me to take him. A hard knot formed in his pants. I felt it pressing against me as I sat in his lap.
Warmth spread between my legs. I reveled in the feel as he embraced me against him.
His heart beat in a slow, powerful rhythm, like a drum urging me to move and dance.
I ground into his hardness, matching the beat of his calling heart. Lysanders chest vibrated against me as he let out another rumbling groan of pleasure. His hands raked down my back. Pulling me in close, he forced my body to press harder and harder against him. His hands sank lower down my back. He squeezed and kneaded my ass as he guided the motion of my hips.
My head swam with pleasure as I drank in my fill. My body flooded with energy. I ached with need for more. Erotic images played in my mind. I had not had the pleasure of a man in so long. I needed to feel him inside of me. I imagined him on top of me, taking me. I willed him to see that image and feel that desire.
Oh, God. I need you Lysander.
I released his neck. Lysanders hand reached up, cradling the back of my head as his lips found mine. In one fluid motion he rolled us over, laying me gently on the ground below him. 
It was as if he had heard my thoughts. I flushed with excitement, looking up into his eyes. 
Flames of passion burned brightly in the swirling twilight. 
Lysander blinked a few times. His lusty gaze suddenly returned to a flat, emotionless expression as if someone had flicked on a light switch. 
I silently cried out, What happened?
That was a good try, Alyssa, Lysander said, as he rolled backward and sat against the wall. If you can do something like that to your victims, they will have no reason to fight you or call for help There was a pause as he caught his breath before speaking again. though there is really no need to take it that far.
Was that all just my doing? Didnt he feel the same way? What the hell just happened?
Blood and warmth rushed to my face. My heart pounded hard in my chest. 
I... um... well I didnt know what to say. The desire I felt was so real, I thought he must have felt it too. Yeah. Right. Ill keep that in mind.
I got up and bolted to the bathroom to throw myself into a shower. 
I was embarrassed, not knowing what to make of Lysanders words or actions. He always remained hard and cold on the outside, but every so often, during the short time I had known him, a little glimmer of something could be seen below the surface.


CHAPTER 12
* * * * *

I took a long time in the shower, letting the warm water wash over me. It was ecstasy against my cold skin. I stood under the spout, soaking it all up. 
I wanted to hide in the shower forever. I couldnt believe how I had acted with Lysander. Our kiss had felt so realthe desire, the passionbut, in a matter of seconds his hard, cold exterior had returned as if nothing had ever happened. 
This isnt me. Why did I kiss him? Why did he kiss back?
His words echoed in my head. There is really no need to take it that far.
I wondered if the feelings I had felt from him were real or just a good bit of hypnosis. 
Im so dumb. I should have never kissed him. He was just teaching me a lesson. There were no real feelings there. Lysander doesnt see me that way. He doesnt have real emotions. 
I vowed not to speak of it to Lysander again. 
Once the warmth had run out, I knew I couldnt hide in the bathroom any longer. Stepping out of the shower, I took a towel and wrapped it around myself. 
There was a hard knock at the front door. The sudden noise startled me, and I almost dropped my towel. I heard Lysanders footsteps and the creak of the door as he answered it. A womans voice echoed from the foyer. My heart skipped a beat.
Oh, no, its Kallisto, shes found us! I pressed my ear hard to the door, attempting to catch a hint of what was happening.
its been ages, Lysander, the woman said.
Yes, much too long, Lysander replied. Please, come inside.
Thankfully, Lysander sounded friendly and relaxed. I took a calming breath. Even though I was unable to make out all of what was being said, I realized it was safe. 
I wonder if this new guest is a vampire, like us. 
I slipped into a pair of dark, boot-cut jeans. 
How much of the immortal world has been out there right under my nose all this time? 
I was so eager to meet this new guest, I almost ripped my teal Henley shirt as I thrust my hands through the armholes. I tossed my hair into a loose ponytail and hurried to make myself look presentable. 
By the time Id finished dressing and made it out to the hallway, Lysander and this new woman were deep in conversation. They didnt notice my entrance.
Yes, California was beautiful, she said. We picked up a new member, Damon. Were hoping he and Jessie will get along well. She could use a mate to help calm down her wild streak.
I dont believe Ive met this Jessie, Lysander said.
No, you wouldnt have. She joined us about three years ago.
Be careful not to grow your family too large, Lysander warned. 
I stood in the hallway listening and watching, trying to glean information about this woman in our home. The strange woman was short, perhaps no more than five feet tall. Even in her thick-heeled sandals, she only came up to Lysanders shoulders. She wore a bohemian-style, multicolored wrap skirt and a black tank top. Her neck was adorned with silver chains with crystal pendants, and her arms were decorated with large, colorful bangle bracelets. She looked like a perfect gypsy, straight out of a renaissance festival. 
From what I could tell, she and Lysander were old friends. A loving smile stretched across his face as he and the strange woman talked. They spoke freely with one another, a drastic contrast to the anger and attitude Lysander had displayed with Edmond. A small pang of jealousy nagged me as I watched them interact.
I understand you, too, have a new fledgling, the strange woman said.
Lysander looked up, finally acknowledging me. He waved for me to come over and join the conversation. Here she is now He pointed as the woman turned to greet me. 
This is Alyssa.
The woman was beautiful, a brunette with milky white skin. Her gorgeous blue-gray eyes sparkled at me as she gave me a small, delighted smile.
Pleasure to meet you, Alyssa. Her voice was soft, carrying hints of a long-faded English accent. My name is Rozaline. She held a hand out to me in greeting. 
Nice to meet you, I said, a little too excitedly, while shaking her hand. It was so good to meet another friendly vampire after our previous encounter with Edmond.
Rozaline is a member of the Peregrinus clan, and a longtime friend of mine. 
The Peregrinus? I asked. Who are they?
Travelers, said Rozaline. Nomads, to put it simply. Were a family of wanderers. 
Lysander ushered us to the dining room table, continuing his chat with Rozaline as if I werent there. 
It bothered me a little, watching Lysander pay attention to Rozaline. His focus was solely on her. He hung on her every word. There was respect there, a reverence of some kind. I couldnt quite put my finger on it, but there was definitely a connection between these two. Jealousy threatened to flare up inside of me. I fought against the wicked sensation. The kiss still lingered in my mind. I needed to shut it out so I could pay attention to what was being said.
She told Lysander of her own encounters with Kallistos coven and her recent travels. I sat listening quietly, enthralled by the tales Rozaline told of her travels. We learned that Kallisto had only just arrived here, having moved from California a few months ago and set up her home in the newly built high-rise towers near the north end of the Strip. Her coven had grown to almost fifty, and she was busy sending her messengers all over the city to seek out local vampires and gain their allegiance. 
She cant be serious. In this day and age  trying to control an entire city! Lysander said. 
She is one of the oldest among us, Rozaline replied.
Yes, old, Lysander snapped. But not very smart if she thinks she can bully a city into following her. 
She commands a large coven. Her strength is in her numbers, and Im sure no one in this city wants to challenge her. Alone, she might be weak; but as it stands, she has too many backing her. And many lone vampires would rather join ranks with a coven of her caliber anyway.
Large covens dont work, and taking over a citythats just ludicrous. Lysanders voice rose sharply. We are not meant to be a communal people to that degree. The more we try to organize our kind, the more problems we create.
He stood up, shaking his head, and paced around the table. Look at what has happened every time a group has tried to control a city or grown too strong in ranks. Rome, Paris, Londonnone of these cities could ever support our kind in such large numbers. If we arent fighting amongst ourselves, were drawing too much attention from the human population. 
I remembered Lysanders story, and how his coven had split so many times due to internal conflicts. 
He slammed his fist down on the table, causing me to jump in my seat. And what of the Acta Sanctorum? An amassing of immortals like this in one place has to have alerted them!
Rozaline sat stiffly in her seat. Lysanders frustration, it seemed, put us all on edge. The last I heard, they were recalled to Rome. The Saints havent been noticeably active lately. In fact, we havent heard news of any hunts at all this year.
Lysander grimaced. He spoke through clenched teeth. That only means they are planning their next attack. He reached up and pinched the bridge of his nose. They have never been inactive for long without good reason, and I can guarantee, when they do finally attack, it will be big. 
Lets hope for your sake that Kallisto hasnt brought too much attention to herself or this city, said Rozaline. You might be forced to move again.
I eagerly listened to the back-and-forth between these two immortals, a little confused about the connection between Kallisto and the Acta Sanctorum.
My apologies, Alyssa, Rozaline said, halting her conversation with Lysander. Youre young. You probably have no idea what were talking about. Do you know of the Saints?
Not really. I shook my head. Lysanders only mentioned them briefly. 
Well, to start, Rozaline said, they are a secret order of the Roman Catholic Church. They seek out and destroy anything that is deemed Unnatural. Their Church, as do most organized religions, feel we are all evil. They are ruthless and use any method possible to locate and destroy us.
I shuddered. Her revelation was abrupt and shocking. Despite all of our strength, there was a group of humans out there that could destroy us. Lysander had made it sound like we were relatively safe from humans.
Rozaline leaned in close, crossing her legs under the table. We think they started sometime around the 14th or 15th century. Romes Church started a crusade against the Unnatural, as they called us, and began forming groups to hunt us down. They quickly learned of our weakness to sunlight and fire, using those methods to destroy us. Our homes came under attack in the daylight. They set them ablaze in an effort to get rid of us. Eventually, they learned that fire alone wouldnt kill us if we were able to put it out before it engulfed us. They began dismembering the remains of any bodies left over from the fires they set. They studied us to learn all they could about our kind.
I cringed.
Remember, we are considered monsters to them, Lysander added as he sat back down. He crossed his arms in front of his chest and leaned back into the chair.
And thats not the end of it. Rozalines voice became low and serious. Rome realized long ago that in order to successfully fight a vampire, one must be a vampire. Our weaknesses are few and hard to exploit. Most mortals lack the strength and ability to subdue us. Those that manage to attack us do so with great skill, meticulously planning their strategies. But simply attacking our homes during the day isnt always enough to get rid of us. Rome recognized quite a few centuries ago that to eradicate us, they needed to fight us on the same level. 
But wait, I held up a hand to stop her. If immortal creatures are condemned by the church, how could they use them to fight us?
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer, Rozaline scoffed. Rome makes its own rules. Im sure those willing to sacrifice their lives for the greater good are told they will be guaranteed pardons in heaven. So long as they do the Churchs bidding. 
So there are vampires hunting vampires, I said, shocked by the revelation. 
A few. Rome wouldnt be stupid enough to have more than they could handle, said Rozaline.
But we kill to survive. The church couldnt condone that, I said.
No doubt they starve themselves on the blood of animals until they catch one of us. She pointed to herself. We are their rewards for a job well done. They feast on immortal blood. 
The room fell silent. I bit my lip, almost piercing it with my fang. I realized that anyone could be my enemy; between vampire covens and Saints, I wasnt sure who, if anyone, I should trust. 
Remember this, Alyssa, Rozaline cautioned, breaking the silence. If they dont know youre here, they wont hunt you. Keep your profile low, and they will have no reason to attack.
If there were no covens, we would have less to worry about, Lysander added. Its much harder to track down and destroy an individual immortal than it is a whole group of them, parading themselves around publicly like Kallistos group is doing. 
Speaking of groups, Lysander. Rozaline spoke again with a hint of anxiety in her voice. As I mentioned when I called earlier this week, the Peregrinus will only be in town for a short while, and we need shelter for a few days. Is it possible for us to stay with you?
Her timing was terrible. All of this talk of not giving away your home location and keeping a low profile; now shes asking to bring her whole group to stay with us?
Of course, Lysander said, without giving it a second thought. I have two other bedroomsalthough they are unfurnishedthat are at your clans disposal.
What? No. What if the Acta guys are following them?
I shot Lysander a worried look, but he paid me no attention. I couldnt understand how he could just let some strange group of vampires stay here after the conversation wed just had.
What of the windows? Are they covered? Is there some form of light protection in there? 
Who cares about windows? What about the coven, Kallisto, and the Saints?
Lysander got up from the table. With a wave of his hand, he suggested we follow him to the hallway.
Yes, all of my windows have UV tinting film on them and blackout curtains. You will be well protected from the suns light. Come and have a look. 
Rozaline followed, remaining close to him. I chose not to go with them as they disappeared into the spare bedrooms. 
I didnt like the idea of strangers in this house, and this woman was preparing to bring her whole clan here. 
This is a bad idea, I said under my breath.
When they returned from their short tour of the house, Rozaline left us to gather her clan. Ill return with them before dawn. 
Wonderful. That will give us time to hunt. Lysander waved goodbye to Rozaline.
I saw this as a perfect opportunity to have some alone time for myself. Why dont I go out tonight by myself? You can fix up the house for the clans arrival while Im gone. I was still a bit embarrassed about what happened earlier and didnt want to be alone with Lysander.
Youre not ready to hunt alone, he said dismissively.
I sighed. You have to let me off the leash sometime. Im ready to hunt without someone looking over my shoulder.
We dont have time to argue about this tonight. Rozaline and the rest of her clan will return soon. We can leave this fight for another time.
I dont understand why youre letting Rozalines whole group stay here. Didnt you just say we have to keep a low profile? How are we supposed to do this with a huge group of vampires running in and out of this house?
Dont worry about the Peregrinus. They will not be a problem.
How can you be so sure?
Must you constantly question my judgment? I trust Rozaline. That is all you need to know.
But what about the rest of her group? Do you trust them too? How do you know one of them wont do something stupid, or bring those Acting Sanctorum people here?
The Peregrinus and I have a longstanding history. And they would no sooner bring the Acta Sanctorum here than I would. I worry more about you alerting them than Rozaline and her family doing so.
Heat rose to my face. This was clearly a losing battle. I groaned and threw my hands up in frustration. Obviously, my opinion doesnt matter here. I need some space, okay? Just let me hunt alone tonight.
Alyssa, I said no. Not tonight. You will either hunt with me, or you will starve. Make your choice. 
Fine. Lets go before they come back, I grumbled. I better not have to spend the rest of my immortality being treated like a child.
Reluctantly, I left with Lysander. I tried to focus my efforts on the hunt and use my new skills, but there were too many thoughts running through my mind. No matter how much I tried to shut it out, I kept thinking of the kiss. 
Even though I was frustrated by how Lysander was treating me, there was still an attraction there. Every time I looked at him, I thought about the softness of his lips. 
Needless to say, my hunting trip that night wasnt much of a success.
We had only just arrived back at Lysanders house when Rozaline returned with five others. 
Alyssa, allow me to introduce the Peregrinus to you, she said happily. 
They looked like a scruffy band of misfits. I wondered how long it had been since their last shower. They all were in need of serious grooming. They filed one by one out of a big, dirty RV, smiling and holding out a hand in friendship, and introducing themselves as they passed me. 
Nicholas passed me first. He was a man of average height, perhaps no taller than five foot nine. Rozaline introduced him to me as her mate. He had a weathered, mountain man look to him; dark brown wavy hair matted from lack of grooming. He had a prominent nose, and his chin was cleft and almost hidden by a permanent five oclock shadow. 
Lysander stepped out in front of me to greet him. Old friend, how are you? He embraced Nicholas, patting him hard on the back.
Tired, and in need of a shower, Nicholas said. Its been a long drive.
Yes, you could do with a shower, Lysander joked, but first let me introduce you to Alyssa.
Nicholas looked to me with tired eyes. 
Nicholas is one of the founders of this clan, Lysander said enthusiastically. It was the most excitement I had seen from Lysander since Id met him. I guessed these two men were old buddies.
Nice to meet you, Nick, I said feigning interest. Lysanders excitement wasnt enough to change my mind. After all that I had heard about the Saints, from Rozaline, I didnt want any of these strangers here.
I prefer, Nicholas, he said gruffly.
Sorry, Nicholas. Great, hes a jerk. I hope they dont stay long.
Dont mind him, Rozaline interrupted. We havent hunted in a few days. His attitude will change once he is cleaned and has had a chance to feed. 
Nicholas shuffled past me into the house. 
Jessie greeted me next. She was tall, unlike Rozaline, with chestnut-brown hair. She had a muscular, athletic build, appearing to be in her early twenties. As she passed me, she mumbled a hello, keeping her eyes on the ground as she walked.
Crystal enthusiastically thanked me as she approached. It is so wonderful of you to allow us to stay here. 
Dont thank me. If it were up to me, you guys would be staying in that beat-up old RV. I dont want any strangers in my new home. 
Crystal smiled so genuinely, I could not ruin her mood with my annoyance. I forced a smile and accepted her hand in friendship. Like Rozaline, she was also a short woman. Her hair was a thick cascade of wavy, brown locks falling just below the center of her back. She wore a beautiful crimson tank top with lace trim and a black floor-length skirt. 
Crystals mate was an extremely tall man who towered over me as he approached to make his greeting. He offered the same shaggy, weathered appearance as Nicholas; however, his hair was sandy-brown with hints of gold. He wore a plain brown t-shirt, blue jeans, and boots.
Nice to meet you, Alyssa, he greeted, looking down at me and smiling. Im Andrew, but you can call me Drew.
Nice to meet you too. My annoyance faded. They did seem like they could be interesting people. Still, the worry of Rozalines warning and the threat of the Acta Sanctorum kept me wary of any strangers. 
Last, there was Damon, a large, muscular man who could have probably been a bouncer in any club in Vegas. You would have never known he was a vampire. Dark skin masked his true self so well that only his eyes could give him away to a passerby. Those pale gray-blue vampire eyes were a complete abnormality next to his dark-brown skin. He filled the entire doorway as he approached me. 
Hey, he said, giving me a quick nod and a smile. 
We were now eight in this small, three-bedroom house and one would have laughed to see such a band of misfits all in one place. 
Rozaline assured us that they would only stick around for a few days and wouldnt be a bother. They just needed shelter and a few warm showers before heading off to their next destination.


CHAPTER 13
* * * * *

The first night after the arrival of the Peregrinus, I found myself not wanting to leave the comfort of Lysanders bed. The newcomers seemed friendly enough, but they were strange to me, and I wasnt ready to start socializing with them. 
I lay awake, staring up at the old popcorn ceiling, wondering how I was going to deal with this new challenge. My life had been completely turned upside down in the span of a week and my head was still spinning from all of the changes. Before I had met Lysander, I had been blissfully unaware that vampires existed and had no clue that Kallisto and her coven were trying to take over the city. I hadnt known, nor cared, who the Acta Sanctorum were. And, most of all, I had nothing to stop me from going out alone at night. 
Lysander tossed and turned a bit, as he normally did just before rising. I tried not to make a sound, hoping he too would leave me alone.
He rolled close to me, raising his hand to gently stroke my cheek. I allowed myself to look at him. His face looked so angelic among the soft sheets. I remembered our kiss, wondering again what had caused him to stop so abruptly. I gazed into his eyes, probing him silently for some echo of the emotion he had showed me the night before, but there was nothing. 
Sitting up quickly, I looked away towards the dark curtains, not wanting to show Lysander the disappointment in my eyes.
I heard the sounds of others moving around in the house. There would be no chance for more personal time with Lysander while strangers were around.
Dont be afraid of them, he said softly.
Im not afraid, I said, looking back into his angelic face. Im just not ready to deal with them. 
I wish I could know what he is thinking, what is behind those gorgeous eyes.
Go out and meet them, get to know them. They are good people, he urged.
Maybe after I hunt.
Youre hungry already? Lysander asked as he sat up. The bed sheets fell down to his waist, exposing his gorgeous, muscular chest. 
I will be soon, I said, trying to hide my admiring smile. 
Wonderful. We will get an early start tonight.
I softened my approach and spoke cautiously. Perhaps I could go out for a little by myself. I would only be gone for a little while. I felt a little distance between myself and this house might help me clear my head a bit.
No. Just like the night before, his answer was instantaneous. 
And why not? I found myself snapping back at him. I hated that I was not allowed to leave the house without his permission. 
No, he said again, with a measured note of anger this time.
No, thats it, I said coldly, throwing my hands into the air. You tell me I need to learn to accept what I am. I need to hunt and feed on my own. How am I to learn if you wont let me try? How am I to survive on my own if you dont let me go? 
I could tell my words had struck a chord with him, but his expression wasnt angry; there was pain in his eyes. 
Was it the fact that I pushed for some freedom, or the fact that I wanted freedom that bothered him? 
Whatever it was, Lysander didnt appear pleased with my choice of words.
Youve only been immortal a week and still know nothing of what you are. I will not have you parading around the city causing attention to come to us. There are too many dangers out there for a young vampire like yourself.
Im capable of taking care of myself, you know. I glared at him angrily, crossing my arms in front of my chest. 
Oh? You can care for yourself, can you? he asked, his tone painfully condescending. Thats why I found you beaten and nearly raped back there at the college. You took care of yourself pretty well that night, didnt you?
That was a low blow, but I wasnt about to let Lysander guilt me. I gritted my teeth, trying to bite back the anger in my voice. You cant keep me leashed to this house or you, Lysander. Whoops. I said that a little louder than I had planned. I need some breathing room. 
For a moment there was silence. Lysander took a deep breath before speaking. You obviously dont see, or cant comprehend, that I am trying to protect you. His anger was beginning to show as the volume of his voice rose.
Protect me! I rolled my eyes. Youre protecting me from what? Myself? My words became shouts. I had no doubt anyone in the house could hear our argument now. 
You seem to have forgotten about our little issue with the coven. His gaze dared me to challenge him further.
If you were so worried about the coven youd have done something already, I snapped at him. My fists balled up in anger. If theyre so scary, why let me out of the house at all? Why dont you bring me my dinner, then?
You are an arrogant little child, and you dont deserve the life I gave you.
His words hit me hard. Arrogant little child. I knew better than to keep pushing, but anger got the better of me. Ill show him arrogant.
Oh, yes. Thank you, Lysander, for turning me into a goddamned blood-sucking monster. Is that what you want? Thanks for ruining my life? 
He sat silently for a moment, his eyes shooting daggers at me. I turned my head, avoiding his angry glare. 
If youre unhappy with this life, I can easily remedy that.
Maybe I went a little too far. I gulped. No, I dont want to die, if thats what youre threatening.
Im not threatening. Im giving you a solution to your problem. His voice was a cold monotone.
I never said I wanted death. What I want is freedom. I softened my voice again. You want me to learn to live the life I have now, but you wont let me do it myself. Just because Kallistos coven is out there, I cant hunt
No! It is because you are a selfish, ungrateful little whelp. Perhaps when you grow up, I will allow you some freedom. You dont seem to have the maturity to handle that at this moment. 
His words stung. I had never been called selfish before. I knew he didnt understand my basic need for freedom. I just needed to be alone for a while, to clear my head and accept everything. 
How dare you! Again I spoke before thinking. I ask a simple thing. To hunt and return back to the house alone, and you insult me.
You will not go out alone, he barked at me. And I will have no more discussion of this. 
I didnt respond. I leaped out of bed and headed for the door, slamming it hard as I left his room. 
I went outside to the back patio, hoping for a little peace and quiet. The silence and cool night breeze welcomed me. 
The patio and backyard continued the modest theme that Id found all over Lysanders home. It was a simple slab of concrete, covered with a cream-colored aluminum pergola. The yard itself was basic rock, a desert landscape with two pine trees anchoring each end. On the patio was a frosted glass table and chairs with a weathered black futon set against the wall. 
I took a spot on the futon. Resting my head on the cushion, I looked up through the open slats of the pergola at the twinkling stars. Noises could still be heard from inside of the house. Rozaline and Nicholas were sitting in the living room just on the other side of the sliding glass door. They were deep in conversation, sharing information regarding the goings-on in the city. With my supernatural hearing, the sounds of the news on TV and the rustle of newspapers could be heard easily through the walls.
A few of the clan still rested in the back bedroom. I saw faint shadows moving across the shaded window. 
I tried to enjoy the peace and quiet on the patio, but as I looked up at the stars, my thoughts turned to my old life and my favorite caf. I wanted nothing more than to sit on my comfy couch and listen to the endless stream of bad poetry just one more time. Lysander would never allow that. I was dead to that world now. I wanted to hate Lysander for how he was treating me. I felt like a prisoner in this house. I wasnt even allowed out unsupervised. I may be alive, but what kind of life is this? I have no freedom. 
I wondered if anybody missed me. Has the manager of the caf noticed I wasnt around anymore? Had any of my friends found it odd that I wasnt there? 
In the week since my transformation, everything had changed, and I was no longer able to enjoy the simple pleasures of my old daily life.
A tear streamed down my face. 
I felt like I had lost all control of my life. It was an insult to my pride that I was trapped here. 
I struggled with the paradox. Up to this point, I had done what I wanted and gone where I wanted. All because of one unfortunate night, I was now under the rule of someone else. 
This must be some form of cruel penance for my years of careless freedom. 
Emotion came flooding to the surface. Everything had happened so quickly, and I hadnt allowed myself time to properly grieve for the loss of my life, my friends, and my independence.
I miss them, I sobbed to myself. 
I wanted to see my friend Fallon and tell her what had happened to me. If she hadnt left me alone that night, my life wouldnt have changed. I wouldnt be this thing. I wouldnt be here, a prisoner in Lysanders home. 
I needed the comfort of my familiar surroundings. I missed the stale smell of cigarettes and coffee. 
Would Fallon even understand if I told her? Could she? Vampires are works of fiction, not walking, talking people. 
I tried to think of ways I could tell her what I was without her thinking I was a cold-blooded killer. If I ever see her again, can I make her understand the fact that blood keeps me alive? That I must feed every night, and because of that, I choose to feed from those who do harm to others? 
Even to myself, it sounded stupid. I sounded like some form of bastardized superhero. 
There was no use. I was not meant to deal with humans or society as an equal anymore. No matter how I thought about it, I knew there was no way she could accept it. I had hardly accepted it. 
How could I still maintain a mortal friendship, being what I was? She would shun me, ask me how many I had killed, and secretly wonder if I would look to her for food. 
If she didnt run away screaming in terror, she might want to be turned, too, and I couldnt pass this thing on to another person.
Im damned now, only able to associate with those of my kind, if they will accept me.
The tears kept streaming down my face. I wiped them as they hit my cheek, noticing they had a faint brownish tinge to them. Blood. 
I could do nothing anymore without blood. I cursed it. I dont want to be this thing. I dont want blood. I want to be normal again! 
Why did Fallon have to ditch me that night? I sobbed.
The sliding glass door opened, and I heard the footsteps of someone coming outside. I quickly folded my arms around my knees and lowered my head down so my face could not be seen. 
There you are, Crystal said. I was wondering where you had gone.
I just want to be alone. I didnt want to look up and show my tears to this strange woman. 
Its okay, Alyssa, she said. Her voice was so calm and soothing. Youre young, arent you? When were you turned? 
A week ago, I sobbed, hiding my face in my knees.
Crystal sat down next to me and put her arm around me. Poor thing, and all you have is grumpy old Lysander to help you through this.
I chuckled through my tears at the sound of it. Grumpy old Lysander. I had not heard anyone describe him in such a way, but after the argument I just had, it did seem to fit.
I feel so out of control. 
I know, its hard at first. You give up a lot sometimes. But you must remember, immortality is a gift.
But I didnt ask for this. My sobs grew louder.
Crystal pulled me in close. I leaned in, still covering my face with my crossed arms.
Life doesnt always play out the way we plan it. Thats what makes it such a great adventure. You never know what is around the next corner.
I tried to stifle the sounds of my sniffles.
Tell me something, Crystal asked. If you were still mortal, what would you be doing right now?
I didnt need to think about it. The answer came out as quickly as she had asked it. I would be at the caf, waiting to meet my friend Fallon, like I do every night.
Ah! You see, you would have done the same old thing you always do. Where is the adventure in that? 
I hadnt considered that I had been living in a bit of a rut of work, college, caf, and friends. I had become a bit stagnant in my daily life. It still didnt stop me from missing my friends or the comforts of home.
But my friends...
There is no doubt that you had the best of friends. We all did. The start of any new journey is usually met with sadness for the things and people we will miss. Take comfort that they are still out there, alive and well. At some point, when youre more at ease with yourself and what you have become, you may be able to see them again. Youre in a hard transition right now. It will take time to separate your old life and your new one. You have to concentrate on becoming more comfortable with the new you, right now.
She leaned her head to my shoulder and stroked my hair slowly.
Perhaps our arrival here was perfectly timed. You look like youre in desperate need of some fun and excitement. How would you like to go out with me tonight?
I lifted my head and wiped my tear-stained face. The idea of getting away from the house was tempting, but I doubted Lysander would allow it. 
We can go without Lysander, she said, as if she had read my thoughts. Ill have a word with him.
Yeah, sure, lets get out of here.


CHAPTER 14
* * * * *

I did my best to wipe my face clean of tears before entering the house. The last thing I wanted was for anyone, especially Lysander, to see that Id been crying. I rushed inside and made my way to the bathroom. Crystal followed close behind. 
I grimaced at the reflection staring back at me in the mirror. Bloody trails of tears marked my pale face. 
Lets get you cleaned up, and well have a girls night out on the town. Do you have anything else to wear? Crystal asked.
I looked down at my linen pants and pink camisole. Um, no. I dont really have much here. Lysander tried to collect some of my things after
Not to worry, she said with a mischievous smile. I think I might have something sexy that will fit you. 
Crystal disappeared and returned quickly holding a silky blue and purple swirl-patterned halter top and a very short, pleated black miniskirt. 
Wow um, thanks!
Crystal winked, handing over the clothes to me.
I tied the halter top at the back of my neck. I felt a little awkward. I almost never wore skimpy clothes like this. 
Crystals hand brushed against my tattoo as she helped me tie the lower portion of the halter at my mid-back. 
What a beautiful butterfly, she said, running her finger over the tribal design.
Oh, thanks. I forget its there sometimes. 
Is it symbolic of anything?
Yeah, freedom. I turned to look at her. You know, a butterfly has to break free of its cocoon before it can fly. That kind of thing.
Then you should do the same. Break free of the weight of your old life and learn to fly with the new opportunities you have been given.
I gave Crystal an understanding smile. Thanks.
Now, if were going to be around people, we need to look the part, Crystal said, grabbing a makeup compact out of a small black bag sitting on the counter. Best not to attract any more attention than youll already get, wearing this outfit. She gave me a quick wink and brushed powder on my face with a short, fat kabuki brush.
Jessie walked by the bathroom. Crystal spoke without turning to look at her. Care to join us? she asked, smiling as she held up the compact of face powder.
Uh, sure, Jessie said slowly with a hint of unease, as if she questioned our motives. What are you doing?
Were going to take Alyssa out for a night of fun.
Jessie hesitated before responding, Yeah, all right. Sure. Ill go, too. She took a few steps down the hallway, disappearing out of view. Her voice trailed behind her. Give me a bit of time to get ready, okay? 
Sure thing, Crystal cheerfully replied, and continued applying the powder to my face. Jessie is young, too, you know. Shes only been with us for a couple of years.
And what about you? I asked. I realized the question sounded rude about two seconds after the words escaped from my mouth. Thankfully, Crystal didnt seem to take offense. She continued with my makeover without missing a beat.
Oh, Ive been around for a little longer, she said, reaching for a tube of lipstick. My husband, Andrew, and I were turned a few hundred years ago. We gave Rozaline and Nicholas shelter once in our home. 
You let vampires into your home when you were human? 
Well, we didnt know it at the time. She chuckled, and held my chin to steady my face while she applied the deep red lipstick. They claimed to be lost travelers in need of shelter. We befriended them, and they turned us, offering us the opportunity to explore the world with them.
Wow, thats pretty cool, I guess. Speaking of your husband, he wont mind you going out tonight without him, will he?
No, of course not, Alyssa. Why would he mind? She gave me a quizzical look before returning to her makeup bag. She dug through the contents, setting aside various containers.
I blotted the dark red lipstick with a tissue while her back was turned. Most guys dont want their women going out dressed like this, without them.
Not to worry, Alyssa. She chuckled again. She turned and faced me, armed with a dark brown eye pencil. Our marriage has seen the centuries turn. We are well beyond the simple and juvenile ideals of man and wife. We are partners and choose to remain partners without limitations on what each can and cannot do. I must say I do get a laugh at the modern concept of marriage. Most people cant make it five years, let alone five hundred. 
She finished my makeup and picked up a brush and comb. I watched her reflection in the mirror as she slowly pulled the brush through my hair. She appeared to be enjoying each stroke, smiling serenely, like a mother doting on her small child. I was happy to be sitting there with her, and wondered why I had been so opposed to them staying with us in the first place. I never imagined that immortals, vampires no less, could be so kind. 
She worked my hair into a tight, high ponytail, leaving a few choice strands to hang by my face. When she was finished I stood up, admiring myself in the mirror, pleasantly surprised at the reflection staring back at me. 
Im me again.
It was like she had given new life to my dead, blue-gray eyes. My face no longer appeared pale. Thanks to the makeup, it again carried a light peach tint with soft hints of rose at my cheeks.
Acceptable? Crystal asked, with a questioning look. 
I turned back towards her with a smile so wide I was sure it reached my ears. I look like my old self again. Thank you so much. I threw my arms around her in a quick embrace. 
Lysander appeared at the doorway to the bathroom. Alyssa, I He looked momentarily stunned. His eyes grew wide as he stared at me. You look
I smiled coyly.
Lysander, can I have a word? Crystal asked.
Lysander seemed unable, or unwilling, to look away from me. Uh, words. Yes. What do you need, Alyssa, I mean, Crystal?
Id like to take Alyssa out tonight.
I enjoyed the way he stared. I caught a hint of desire in his beautiful eyes and savored it for a moment, before winking flirtatiously and turning away. 
Lysander, did you hear me? Crystal asked. Id like to take Alyssa with me tonight.
What? He blinked and turned to Crystal. No. I dont think that is a good idea.
Great, here he goes again. My smile faded.
She is young and inexperienced. I dont want her going out without me.
Crystal laughed and patted Lysander on the shoulder. Nonsense. You act as if I have not sired before. She will be perfectly safe with me. Ill make sure she doesnt get into any trouble.
She is my charge, not yours. 
And smothering her will not teach her anything. Crystals voice remained calm and firm as she spoke. She must have freedom to develop.
Lysanders eyes flashed from Crystals to mine and met my pleading, hopeful gaze with a stern look. He took a slow, deep breath, and then reached up and pinched the bridge of his nose. Fine, he huffed. Go.
I bit my lip, trying to hide my excitement. I wanted to squeal like a teenage girl, but I couldnt let Lysander see that. 
He turned around quickly and disappeared from view. I heard the bedroom door at the end of the hall slam. 
I knew Lysander was mad at being forced to go against his will by Crystal, and I didnt care. I was happy to be able to leave, even if it was just for one night. I wanted a little fun. 
Crystal quickly readied herself, and the three of us, Jessie, Crystal, and I, set out for our girls night. We took Lysanders Jeep to get us from the suburbs into the heart of the city.
Crystal drove us around while I pointed out various clubs. The drive took forever, as none of us could agree on a place to stop.
Finally, we found a small club located just off the main Strip. A bright neon sign flashed, and a large crowd queued at the door. 
What a wonderful-sounding place. The Drink. Dont mind if I do. Jessies excitement was a little unnerving. Until she said this, I had almost forgotten that I was in a car filled with vampires. Her desire to drink meant some poor soul probably wouldnt be going home tonight. 
That thought reminded me that it had been a little while since I last hunted. Thankfully, the beast was calm; but I knew I would have to be on guard, careful to not give in while surrounded by so many people. 
We parked and headed towards the end of the line, which stretched around the corner, almost to the back of the building. 
Gentlemen waiting in the line didnt hide their lustful gazes as we sauntered towards them. I could almost feel their eyes undressing me as I stood there. 
My nerves got the better of me. I remembered Lysanders advice and breathed through my mouth. I didnt want to allow the beast inside to ruin my night of fun.
Jessie wasted no time, walking up to one of the ogling men. He was a tall, skinny man dressed in a royal blue button-down shirt and black slacks. She started up a conversation with him and within moments, they walked around the back of the building and disappeared. 
Where is she going? I whispered to Crystal.
Do I really have to tell you? Her eyebrow rose slightly and her lips pulled up into a toothy grin.
Oh, that. Guess we dont all hunt criminals. 
We waited at the end of the line for Jessie to return. There was no sound of a struggle or any indication of what she was doing. Only Crystal and I knew the truth.
Jessie returned a few moments later, wobbling a bit, looking a little drunk. Her hair was slightly askew. She appeared to be counting out dollar bills. Jessie giggled and tossed aside what looked like a mans wallet. Only a hundred on that guy. 
She smiled as if nothing sinister had just taken place. 
Did you just rob him? I asked in shock.
Well, he wasnt going to need the money anymore, Jessie snapped at me, pocketing the small wad of cash. We need money, too. Were not all rich elders, you know.
I hadnt thought about money, but it did make sense. We might not need food and drink, but we still needed clothing and shelter, and those didnt come free. Lysander had not given me a reason, yet, to need money. In fact, he had not even mentioned it to me over the course of the last week. 
She meant no harm, Jessie, Crystal cautioned. 
I gulped down my revulsion. No, Im not judging or anything. I was just surprised. I just didnt think of that. Sorry. I hoped I sounded convincing enough. 
Need or not, I couldnt believe shed just attacked, killed, and robbed a guy while we stood in line for the club.
What was worse, was the fact that I was already feeling the small pangs of my own hunger. All it took was the thought of blood to awaken the beast.
Okay, whatever, its fine. Jessie ran her hands through her hair, smoothing out the pieces that had been disturbed while she had fed. Listen up, she added smartly, a frat guy waiting on line for a club usually has cash on him so he can buy drinks for ladies. Target them and you could get a couple hundred easy.
She spoke so nonchalantly about killing a man and robbing him of his money. What she was doing made sense, but the complete disregard for the person shed just killed made my stomach turn. At that moment she embodied the monster I was afraid of becoming. I worried that Jessie might sense my feelings. I nodded and forced a smile on my face, trying hard to hide my revulsion. 
Uh, lets try and see if we can bypass this line, I said, trying to change the subject. Lets head to the front of the line and see if we can get in without the wait.
We sashayed to the front door. All it took was a little flirty smile and the burly bouncer opened the velvet rope. He smiled, waved his hand, and told us to go inside, ignoring the complaints of the angry people waiting in line. 
Wow, it worked. Just like in the movies. 
Eyes from all over the black-lit room zeroed in on us as we walked towards the dance floor. Men turned and stared. Women gave us the evil eye. 
I allowed myself to breathe in the tantalizing smell of humans all around me. I momentarily lost the mental hold on the beast inside. Pheromones, sweat, and hundreds of perfumes filled my nostrils. 
Damn, this place smells so good. Shit, why didnt I hunt earlier? Okay, breathe through your mouth, Alyssa. Dont mess this up. These are all innocents in here.
A syncopated bass beat thumped in my body like a second heartbeat, commanding me to move. I loved the feeling. Like a puppet on a string, I let it pull me out to dance. Laser lights, flashing strobes, and colorful spotlights lit the dance floor. My body swayed and rocked, matching the beat of the drum and bass music.
It was only a few moments before various men surrounded me and began to dance with me, each trying to rub against me, hoping they might have a chance to take me home. 
A mix of sexual and primal instinct made me select and continue dancing with one. 
I knew I shouldnt get too close, but instinct begged me to breathe him in and savor his aroma. His scent was intoxicating, more so than others in the room: a sultry mix of cologne, sweat, and pheromones. He was mouthwatering, and I wondered if he would taste just as good as he smelled.
Erick had short, spiky blond hair, a chiseled jaw, and gorgeous emerald-green eyes. He wore a pair of loose carpenter jeans and a silky, black button-down shirt with a metallic blue dragon across the bottom. 
We danced together, moving and rubbing our bodies rhythmically with the music. He pulled me in close and nibbled at my neck. The gentle graze of his blunt teeth felt odd after Lysanders bite, yet it was still enticing. Erick whispered things we could do together privately in the VIP roomawakening more than just the bloodthirsty beast. 
I gulped as his breath blew against my ear. Breathe through your mouth, I reminded myself as the hunger inside of me whined and nagged, urging me to go further, to take a small taste. I knew privacy would be a bad thing. I needed to stay out in the public eye. 
His heartbeat pulsed hard. I felt each tempting thump as he pressed his body to mine.
Come have a private drink with me, he urged. 
But I just want to dance. No, no, no drinks. Bad idea.
Please, baby, we can dance in there and get to know each other better. His hands slid down my side.
Crap, I need an excuse. I cant leave my friend all alone. Coming here was a bad idea.
Where is your friend?
I turned and pointed to the bar. Jessie sat with a full glass of some alcoholic drink in front of her and looked bored. There she is, in the pink tank top at the bar.
Bring her too. His breath blew against my ear again, sending a chill dancing down my spine.
Oh, this is a bad idea. I sighed. Why didnt I hunt before we came in here? Jessie had spotted me looking at her. I waved her over and mouthed the word help. 
Cmon, lets go. Erick grabbed me by the hand and pulled me towards the VIP area.
I knew it was a bad idea. I knew I should have said no, but its so hard to do that when a cute guy is lavishing attention on you, calling you beautiful, and whispering of the dirty things he wants to do to you. I might be a vampire, but I was still a woman. 
He immediately ordered a bottle of champagne as we walked into the room.
The VIP rooms were darkened corners of the club, curtained off with deep purple velvet, allowing for a little privacy. They contained a loveseat, two cushy ottomans, and two small drink tables set on either side of the love seat. Music was only slightly muffled in this VIP area. Jessie and I danced and pretended to drink the glasses we were offered. I had no need for champagne; the smell of Ericks cologne was stimulating enough. Thirst nagged at me, but I fought it. Erick was an innocent and I didnt want to live with that guilt.
Realizing that my thirst was starting to get the better of me, I tried to maintain a safe distance as we danced. Erick drained the first bottle of champagne himself, thankfully not noticing that Jessie and I werent having any. 
I wasnt sure how much longer I could hold out. I needed an escape plan. I couldnt believe I agreed to this in the first place. 
Jessie, we cant stay long. I spoke low enough to not alert Erick.
Huh, what? she asked. She danced, rocking her hips back and forth to the music. She seemed to have Erick under a spell. He watched lustfully, his eyes following each movement of her hips. 
I have to do that thing tonight, you know, I said, with a little urgency to my voice.
Yeah, sure, we will get to that, Jessie said with a groan.
Alyssa, arent you having fun? Erick asked, momentarily dropping his focus from Jessies gyrations.
Yeah. I tried to smile as innocently as possible. I just have this little thing I need to do tonight.
He patted the space next to him on the loveseat. Dont leave. I thought we were going to get to know each other. You need more champagne. 
Yeah, more champagne, Jessie blurted out, pretending to be drunk. She grabbed the bottle of champagne and put it to her lips as if drinking. Mmmm, have a drink, Lyss, she said with a wink.
She leaned in, handing the bottle to me, and whispered, Have a little fun. Dont you want him?
Jessie didnt give me time to answer. She immediately returned to her hypnotic gyrations. Erick watched me, so I too lifted the bottle to my mouth, pretending to drink the bubbly beverage. 
I used to like champagne, when I was mortal. Now, just the smell of it made me want to retch. Bubbles tickled the tip of my tongue. My stomach flipped, threatening to heave if I swallowed so much as a drop. I lowered the bottle with a fake smile plastered on my face. Mmm, we need some more of this.
Erick got up and pulled me close to him. He pressed his hard body to mine, rocking side to side with the beat of the music. Youre absolutely right. Lets get some more.
Ericks advances became more sexual the more he drank. Halfway through the second bottle, he pulled us both on top of him on the love seat. 
I must admit, I savored the delicious warmth of his hand as he squeezed my butt. He lavished attention on both of us, alternating between kissing Jessie and me. I knew it was wrong, but I couldnt help myself. I let my hands explore his body as he claimed my mouth. Under his loose, silky shirt was a perfect washboard stomach. I traced each ripple down to his obvious arousal, cupping the tent in his jeans.
He moaned into my mouth. I knew I should stop. The beast inside roared to life, begging for just a small taste. 
Ericks hand slid down between my legs. His fingertips traced the outline of my sex through my thong. 
Ah, hmmmm. I sighed, enjoying his touch.
It had been so long since I had had the pleasures of a man, and his gestures were quite tempting.
I lingered too long. I should have stopped myself, but his smell, his touch, his heartbeat, his warmthit was all too tempting. I wanted so badly to taste him. I needed to taste him. Just one taste wouldnt hurt, right? 
My thirst, my hunger, the nagging sensation won. I concentrated on my desire to have Erick. I needed to have him, a taste of him. I left his hot mouth and moved my kisses down towards his neck. His succulent vein thumped against my lips; blood pulsed below the surface of his skin, just begging me to take it. 
I tried one last time to fight the urge. No, hes an innocent. Hes done no harm to anyone.
His fingers slid underneath my thong, dipping slowly into my wet opening. 
I lost control, giving in to my desire. Opening my mouth wide, I sank my teeth into his neck, severing the vein. My reward was a satisfying rush of hot blood, flooding my mouth. 
He moaned, a pleasurable sound. I hoped he was caught in the moment and had not realized what I had done. I didnt need him knowing I was sucking the life out of him.
His hands still explored my nether regions, confirming my suspicion. 
Dont fight it, let me take you. I willed my desires on him as I drank in his blood. I wanted him, all of him. Every drop of his blood was ecstasy. 
His hand went limp beneath me.
Shit! 
A moment of clarity hit me. Stop! Hes an innocent!
I hoped Id realized this before I was too close to ending his life. I pulled away and rested my head on his chest, trying to regain composure. I listened for the sound of his heart. The soft, fading beat told me I was too late. I had taken too much blood. His heart struggled as it slowly came to a stop. No!
Erick was dead. 
I slid off his lifeless body onto the floor.
Oh. My. God! What have I done?
Jessie, unaffected by the death of the man, went through his pockets and found his wallet. She spilt up the money and offered me a handful of bills.
You could have saved some for me, Jessie said in a mocking tone.
What have I done? I whispered to myself. It was one thing to kill a criminal, to end the life of someone who would have done it to mebut an innocent? What was his crime? He was just an overconfident guy. And I killed him!
Jessie held out the bills, waving them in front of my face. Arent you going to take this? Its your cut.
A strange numbness consumed me. I had only wanted a taste. Why did I give in to temptation?
The background music seemed muffled and distant. The only thing I could hear was the thought in my head repeating over and over, He was an innocent.
Jessie must have sensed the mental torture going on inside my head. She shook me out of my trance. Listen, girly, were not done yet. She inclined her head toward the lifeless body. Weve got to get rid of Casanova over here.
Panic brought me back to reality. How could we carry a corpse out of here without being noticed?
Jessie shoved the bills onto my lap and sat down next to the dead body. She lifted the collar on his shirt, inspecting the bite mark on his neck.
Nice set of fangs you got there, sister. Why dont we cover this little, ahem hickey up with something. She flipped the collar all the way up in an attempt to conceal the wound on his neck. Hmm, thats not going to work well, now, is it?
Can we sneak him out of here? We cant leave a dead body lying here in the VIP lounge. People saw us go in here. Someone will find him and wonder which one of us is the mangy animal who mauled him.
Great idea, Lyss. She jumped to her feet. You grab one arm and Ill take the other. Well both hold him up and walk him out the front door. If anyone asks, well say he had too much to drink and were taking him home to sleep it off.
It wasnt the brightest idea Id ever heard, but it was the best we had to work with. Thanks to vampire strength, we both easily supported his weight on our shoulders and slowly made our way to the door, trying to look as natural as possible. Crystal spotted us from the bar and followed close behind. Wed just passed through the entrance. I thought we were home free when the bouncer stopped us.
Hey, ladies, is he all right? the bouncer asked.
I froze. My heart skipped a beat. Shit, were busted. Were going to be outed right here in front of what looks like fifty people. Ive just mistakenly given away our kind, our secret, with one moment of bloodlust.
Jessie spoke, her voice a little shaky. Uh, yeah, hes just had a bit too much tonight. Were gonna take him home.
The bouncers eyes narrowed. A crease formed above his eyebrows. He looks unconscious. No. I cant let you leave with him like that. Im calling an ambulance.
Crystal appeared out of nowhere and glided over to the concerned bouncer. Her face the picture of calm, she spoke in hushed tones, leaning into the bouncers ear. I could just barely make out what she told him.
Sir, he has a known drinking problem that is a bit of an embarrassment to our family. The girls called me when he finished his third bottle in your VIP room. Clearly, your staff ignored the fact that he had drunk enough to cause alcohol poisoning. Im sure your establishment would like to avoid any legal troubles. If you will just let us go without anyone elses involvement, our family will avoid bringing any official attention to this. 
She extended her hand to the bouncer. He shook it, and I caught the hint of money being transferred. The bouncer smiled and sent us on our way.
We loaded the body in the car with us and drove a few miles before dumping it in a deserted alley. Crystal bit her tongue. 
What are you doing? I asked, baffled, watching her trace the wound on the dead mans neck with her bloody tongue. Are you going to turn him?
No, dear, he is already dead. You can only turn one who is at the edge of death. It takes a bit of skill and quite a bit more blood. Im just concealing the wound.
Youre what? I asked in amazement.
Has Lysander not taught you this yet? Our blood, in very small doses, can help conceal the wounds you create when you feed. The enzymes in our saliva, mixed with a very small amount of our blood, can help skin heal faster. Within an hour, his skin should seal around the puncture wounds, and by the time the police find this man, he will have what will only look like odd bruises. 
I stood dumfounded for a moment. That was a very nice little parlor trick, and I couldnt believe Lysander hadnt told me about this yet. Must have slipped his mind, I guess. 
This new revelation on how to hide our nightly feeding was a welcome surprise. I liked having more options than just half-cremating or burying a body. 
Its not a perfect process, and since he is already dead, it wont heal the wound completely, but it will help hide the telltale fang marks.
We loaded ourselves into the car. Crystal took the wheel again as we headed back to Lysanders home. 
I sat silent, deep in thought. Terrible guilt sat like a lead weight in my stomach. I wanted to cry for the loss of Ericks life. A part of me wished the bouncer had caught us and exposed us for what we were. Erick hadnt deserved death. He was just a drunk guy. Hed just gone out for a night of fun, and it had ended with his death. If I had stopped drinking that man to death, could I have let him go without killing him? 
The answer is yes, Crystal said, not taking her eyes of the road as she drove. But it takes great self-control to do it.
The shock of her answer to my thoughts didnt stop me from pushing me to know more. So, in theory, you could feed from multiple people, like taking sips, and not kill anyone?
In theory, yes. But the reality is, those you feed from will know what you are. There is no way to erase the memory of you drinking their blood. You run a real risk of exposing us to mortals and the Acta Sanctorum by trying to make that your nightly feeding routine. However, a situation like tonight might have been okay because of that mans level of inebriation.
Jessie turned around from the front seat to look at me. Man, you really are new at this, arent you?
Yeah, I guess.
She gave me a toothy smile. Youll toughen up soon. First few kills are awkward.
Yeah thanks. I didnt need her advice. Jessie, it seemed, had no problem with killing, innocents or not. I knew she wouldnt really understand. There was no use trying to explain it to her. 
The remainder of the ride home I sat quietly, watching the streetlights and buildings pass by. I tried to avoid thinking about the guilt and shame of killing an innocent, but images of Ericks face kept flashing into my mind. 
He wasnt supposed to die.
We arrived home just before sunrise, and I was grateful for that. I wanted nothing more than to bury myself in the sheets of Lysanders bed and pretend this night had never happened. 


CHAPTER 15
* * * * *

I spent a few nights in solitude, mourning the death of Erick, before Crystal managed to convince me to go out again. 
Avid travelers, the Peregrinus never stayed in one place for very long. They took advantage of the time they did have by enjoying all the amenities each city had to offer. 
All of useveryone except Jessie, who had left early that nightdecided to explore the Strip. The boys wanted to try their hand at gambling and the girls wanted to see the changes to the Strip since their last visit. Since I was a native, I offered to act as their tour guide. 
Id done this plenty of times before, playing tour guide, when members of my family or old friends came to visit. Its a tradition for Las Vegas locals and usually the only time we make it to the Strip ourselves. 
All eyes were wide, mouths hung open, and mumbles of wow, came from the clan as we drove down Las Vegas Boulevard.
The Peregrinus have not been to Vegas in well over thirty years, said Rozaline as she eyed the large buildings we passed. 
The city has changed quite a bit in the last few years. I doubt you will even recognize the Strip anymore, I said, trying to sound knowledgeable. 
It was true. In the last thirty years the Strip had grown and reinvented itself more than once. Many of the old casinos that lined Las Vegas Boulevard had been imploded and rebuilt. 
Towering structures and neon lined the famous boulevard; multicolored replicas of the New York skyline, a Camelot castle, a great black pyramid, exploding volcanoes, and pirate ships amazed the clan as we took our slow drive down the Strip. 
Drew and Crystal were delighted by the whimsical Camelot castle, as well as the golden lion on the great pedestal at another casino. Each hotel we passed was a treat to their eyes. 
Ah, this is wonderful, exclaimed Crystal, watching a rollercoaster zooming around the front of another casino. Things have certainly changed.
Yes. This was all probably a dirt lot the last time you were here, I responded, still trying to show off my knowledge.
As is the custom in Vegas, the Strip was always expanding. New casinos popped up every few years, each one bigger and flashier than the ones prior.
Amazing, Rozaline said, as a small replica of a volcano began its explosive show. It sent watery blasts, colored with orange lights, shooting up to the sky. The effect resembled boiling lava. 
If you think thats cool, you should check out the pirate ship battle next door. I chuckled at their astonishment. Just like any other tourist, they pointed while they oooh-ed and ahhh-ed at each casino. It was a refreshing sight to see, and a reminder that even though I was a vampire now, I could still enjoy some of the simple pleasures of being alive. Monster or not, everyone loves to be entertainedand Vegas was never short on that. I made a mental note to come back to the Strip more often and really allow myself to take it all in with my fresh, new eyes.
A longstanding Vegas tourist tradition is to see the Strip on foot. I would have been a horrible tour guide if I denied them that wonderful opportunity, so I made the suggestion. Lets park and go see some sights. 
No tour is complete without the crowds of people, the smut peddlers, and the chance for photos in front of the various attractions. 
We parked and made our way into a casino.
Id forgotten how strong the scent of the people around me would be. I was getting much better at controlling my urges and the monster within. Still, being surrounded by so many people, I was briefly startled by the aroma as we entered the recirculated air of the casino. 
The flood of smells rushed toward me. My mouth watered with anticipation as I filtered through the scents in the air, finding one in particular that enticed me. I found myself slowing down as we passed a pair of ladies sitting at a blackjack table. I slowly breathed in their perfume as my eyes fixed on the exposed neck of a blonde woman. 
Citrus with a hint of vanilla: her scent was tantalizing. My mouth watered as my tongue traced the edges of one of my sharp fangs. 
Lysander must have caught my interest. Discretion, Alyssa, he cautioned, grabbing my arm while pushing me forward.
It was the first time we had spoken since our fight a few evenings ago. 
I bit my lip and snapped to attention, wishing I had taken time to hunt before allowing myself to be surrounded by so many people. I didnt need another repeat of the club incident. Breathing slowly through my mouth, I tried not to smell the air. 
The memory of Erick and the guilt that followed his death helped me push the monster down. 
I was still angry at Lysander for the harsh words during our fight, but I was thankful for his presence. Though annoying at times, he did prevent me from making mistakes. Being surrounded by tons of humans, I knew Id need his guidance tonight.
He escorted me through the casino as we tried to catch up to the rest of the clan. They must not have noticed my pause. They swiftly maneuvered through the crowds, heading to the front door that led to the Strip. 
Outside the casino was a sea of people. The pirate show in the front always drew a huge crowd. Swarms of people packed themselves onto the small replica of a pier, between two battling ships. There was no way to make it through the crowd. We were stuck until the show ended. I didnt mind that much. It had been years since Id seen the pirates. 
I settled in to watch the battle when a familiar sensation struck me. 
I was being watched. 
The skin on the back of my neck prickled and my hair stood on end. There were so many people around that I couldnt tell from which direction the odd sensation was coming. I did know one thing, though. The source was another immortal nearby. 
In the short time Id been a vampire, this sensation was the only telltale sign of another immortals presence. Id gotten used to the feeling as the clan came and went during their stay at Lysanders home. 
I turned my head, looking left and right, hoping to spot the person who was causing this paranoid feeling. The rest of the clan was out of sight, so I assumed it wasnt one of them I was sensing. 
The crowd of people was so tightly packed it was almost impossible to move. The loud shouts of pirates and the boom of fake cannons sounded to the left and right. A flash of light accompanied a cannon blast. The flames from the cannon fire illuminated the cause of my worry. 
I saw him on one of the rocks; the unmistakable face of Edmond. He stared intently at me from the top of the fake cliffs decorating the entrance to the hotel. 
Oh, shit!
Lysanders grip tightened on my arm. 
Did you just see
Yes, he said curtly.
I looked back to the rock cliff. Edmond had vanished.
Are we in danger?
No. We are probably just in his hunting area.
Are they hunting us already? My heart sped. My mind buzzed with images of other vampires with demonic faces. I felt the false rock walls closing in on me. I remembered the warning given in Lysanders book. I was a bastard fledgling, turned without permission, and sentenced to death. Lysander and I would be hunted down and our blood used to strengthen Kallistos coven. 
He wont attack us in public. Not now. Lysander remained calm as ever. His face unnerved me; there was so much at stake. 
My voice cracked as I spoke. But how can you be sure? 
He may be an arrogant ass, but he does have respect for the rules of engagement. He gave us thirty nights. He will not act until that time has expired. We still have time.
The pirate show ended, and the sea of people dissipated. We made our way out on to the street and found the clan heading inside another casino.
Youre sure he wont attack us? I asked, giving Lysander a worried look.
Yes, Alyssa, Im sure. I know Edmond, better than I wish to. He will not act out of turn.
Man, I hope hes right about this.
We caught up with the clan inside. I noticed that Nicholas had stopped by a cave-like room filled with tables. He watched intently as men sat stoically, playing with cards and colorful ceramic chips. Damon walked over to Nicholas, and he too took an interest in the game.
They both looked entranced, standing still as the dealer placed cards on the oval felt-covered table. The men sitting around the table each took turns, deciding what they wanted to do with their cards and chips. 
The poker boom had hit only a few years ago, after some Internet player won a few million dollars in a big tournament. Suddenly, every casino was putting in rooms dedicated specifically to this game. 
HoldemTexas Holdem, to be precise. I wasnt a grinder, but I had dabbled a bit here and there. I knew the basics of this game and could scratch a small profit if I concentrated on good strategy. I found it funny and ironic that vampires would be so interested in the vices of humans. But, then again, maybe we really werent all that different.
Feeling a little cocky, I walked over to the boys. Ever played? I asked with a sly smile.
You shitting me? Everyone knows Holdem, Damon immediately responded. You play, Lyss?
I liked Damon. He wasnt a man of many words, but he was a friendly and easygoing kind of guy. 
I inclined my head towards the tables. Yeah, once in a while. You guys want to get in on a game? 
This is not the poker I remember, Nicholas said. A puzzled look crossed his face. We all watched as one of the men at the table pushed a huge stack of red, ceramic chips into the center of the table.
Im all in, boys, the gentleman exclaimed loudly, and stood up. 
Call, came a calm, quiet voice from the opposite side of the table.
The boisterous gentleman clapped his hands together and rubbed them vigorously. Cmon, dealer. One time! A huge grin covered his face.
We all watched as the dealer, dealt out a single card onto the table. The loud gentlemans reaction was instantaneous. The smile faded. He wiped his brow. A slight quiver played at the corner of his lips. After a millisecond of silence, the loud man cursed and slammed the table. The dealer didnt seem to care. He pushed the huge pile of chips to a silent man wearing huge headphones and sunglasses sitting opposite of him.
I laughed inside, watching the scene play out before my eyes. I shouldnt revel in others misery, but it was nice to see it happen to someone other than me. Id been in that position so many times. So sure of myself. So sure of my hand, and thenfate deals you out. Nice to know it happens to us all.
A wicked grin spread across Nicholass face. I think I want to play, he said. His eyes remained locked on the table. How do I get into this game? 
I pointed Nicholas to the counter to get a seat for the game and some chips. The casino representative asked Nicholas what game he wanted to play. For a moment, he stood silent, looking lost, as if he didnt know how to respond.
I want to play that all-in game you have, over there, at that table. He pointed to the table we had just been watching.
The casino employee, an older, balding man, snickered All in, under his breath, as he prepared a rack of chips for Nicholas. Thats two hundred, sir, for one two no-limit, table twelve.
Damon and I purchased racks of chips, too, and asked to take seats at the same table. We took our places on either side of Nicholas at the long, oval table. 
You wanna post now or wait till the blinds? the dealer, a rail-thin man, asked.
Nicholas brow furrowed. He looked to his chips and then at the dealer. Post? Post what? Ante?
Well wait for the blinds, I answered.
The dealer nodded as Nicholas shot me a puzzled look.
Damon leaned in, speaking to Nicholass ear. The blinds are how you get the pot started, man. Check this, seats one and two after the dealer button have to put money in the middle to get the betting going.
Glad to see one of the clan was versed in the game, I smiled at Damon and nodded my approval of his instruction. 
Ah, yes, that makes sense, said Nicholas.
I leaned into Nicholass other ear. Just watch the order in which everyone bets and try not to go out of turn.
I saw, out of the corner of my eye, the hungry look on some of the other players faces. Nicholas was clearly a newbie. All of the wannabe sharks at this table were readying themselves to take all of Nicholass chips.
Youre going to get two cards to play with, and the dealer will deal out five more cards, face up, on the table at different intervals. I continued with my quick lesson. Three cards on the flop, one card on the turn, and one card on the river. These are community cards. Each time a new set of cards is dealt, you get a chance to bet. There is no limit to how much you can raise. You want to make the best five-card hand out of your two cards and the five cards that will be dealt.
Nicholas gave me an understanding nod, and we watched as the cards were dealt around. I noted the different players at the table, all men. Poker was a mans game. It wasnt common to see women sitting at the table. I felt waves of excitement radiating from the men as I sat there. I wished I could read their minds, but I guessed they were thinking that I, too, would be easy money. 
Ill go easy on you, darlin, said a drunken man to my right, wearing a crisp white cowboy hat. 
Aw, thanks. I smiled innocently. Id hate to lose all my money my first time in Vegas. It was a small lie, yes. But if they wanted to think I was a noob, I was going to act the part. Wanna give me a few pointers?
How about I buy you a drink? he said, leaning into me.
I accidentally allowed myself to breathe in his scent. You could give me a drink. My tongue traced the tips of my teeth as I thought of tasting this mans blood.
When do we get to play? Nicholas asked.
Good timing. Uh, soon. We will be in the blinds soon. Down, girl. Breathe through your mouth. What would Lysander say?
He your boyfriend? the cowboy asked me.
Something like that. I smiled and winked. 
A few hands went by before we were able to post our blinds and start playing. Nicholas eagerly placed his chips on the table, just past the betting line, and snatched his cards as the dealer tossed them out. I glanced at the cards dealt to me. Unimpressed, I set them out, ready to fold when it was my turn. 
I sensed worry from one of the gentleman sitting across from me, and it dawned on me that my mental abilities might make this game a bit more interesting. All of the faces at the table were hard and cold. Each person was trying as best as he could to maintain that stoic look, never giving away that he might hold a monster hand in his cards; hoping to sucker some poor fool into giving away all his chips. 
The silent man, with the large headphones and sunglasses, at the end of the table placed a few more chips into the betting area, calling Raise as he did it. 
I folded my cards when it was my turn, but Nicholas didnt. He placed his chips inside the betting area.
Dont risk it all on your first hand, bro, Damon warned.
I agreed with Damon. This was only the first hand. There was plenty of time to make dangerous moves after studying your opponents.
Nicholas didnt seem to pay any attention to Damons warning. His eyes fixed on the man in the sunglasses who had previously taken the stack of chips from the overzealous player. 
The dealer dealt out the three flop cards.
I sensed a hint of worry in the quiet man. Nicholas crossed his hands in front of his face, appearing to ponder what to do. It was his turn again to bet or to fold.
I had no doubt that Nicholas could sense the feelings from this stranger and perhaps even read his thoughts as I had seen other vampires of the clan do. 
Nicholas sat silent for a long while. I wondered if this was a ploy, a dramatic pause to force the man on the other side of the table to show some outward sign of the strength of his poker hand.
For someone unfamiliar with the game, he was playing quite well. I was almost certain he was using some kind of sense to tell him what to do. 
Check, said Nicholas letting the man with the headphones lead the betting. 
The man with the headphones called Raise, again, shoving more chips in to the middle. Nicholas didnt visibly react to this; he simply lowered his hands and pushed more chips in as well.
The turn card was dealt, with betting going exactly as it had before, and finally the river card came out. Nicholas must have decided it was now time to make his move. He confidently announced All in, shoving the remainder of his dwindling chip stack into the center of the table. 
I shook my head. I really hoped he knew what he was doing. At that point, he'd played one hand and committed all of his money, a two-hundred-dollar buy-in, to the center of the table. 
Slow down, bro, you really want to bet it all on one hand? Damon cautioned again.
The man sitting opposite of him thought long and hard on what to do. I sensed he didnt want to call. He was worried about something. Perhaps the strength of his hand was not as he was pretending. I guessed he hadnt expected Nicholas to play back at him. Silent moments went by before the quiet man slid his cards to the dealer, folding his hand.
A small smile stretched the corners of Nicholass mouth. He happily scooped the large pot to himself and appeared eager to start the next hand.
Thought you didnt play Holdem? Damon asked.
Nicholas laughed. Beginners luck. 
I knew otherwise. He was silently controlling his opponent, forcing him to fold, relinquishing all of his chips. Once I had caught onto this tactic, I used it as well.
Screw robbing my victims. Im playing poker for money. Ill be rich in no time.
Mind control brought a whole new dimension to the game. We played for a few hours while the rest of the clan explored the Strip. 
The three of us ran the table, piling our chips high. Two hundred dollars quickly turned into two thousand before the rest of the group returned, beckoning us to join them. They wanted to continue exploring the Strip. Apparently, wed spent too much time at the poker table, and they had grown tired of the casinos within walking distance.
The night was still young, and there was much more to see and do. We continued our way north toward Downtown. 
Although often confused by many people not native to Vegas, Downtown and the Strip are two entirely different places. Old Vegas has a gritty charm and presence all its own, separate from the bright shining new jewels that lined Las Vegas Boulevard. 
This was more of what the clan expected of Las Vegas; older casinos with a rough and aged vibe, worn carpet, and the stale smell of cigarette smoke. This was the Vegas they knew from the last time theyd visited. 
The block of Downtown casinos was located near the intersection of Main Street and Fremont Street. This was where the gambling town had gotten its start. 
We made our way down Fremont Street just in time to see the overhead light show. The street went dim as the music started. A long metal canopy ran the length of the block of hotels and acted as a projection screen of sorts, showing images dancing to the beat of the music which played over loudspeakers lining the street.
The clan stared in amazement as colors flashed above us. Amusing images of stars set to rock music enticed us to move with them as they danced up and down the canopy. 
Once the light show ended, it was decided wed all split up. Many of us, myself included, needed to hunt. Everyone went their separate ways, leaving me almost alone. Lysander, however, remained as my chaperone. We walked down the street, taking in the sights and sounds. 
Im sorry we quarreled the other night, he said softly. I understand that you need your freedom.
We hadnt really spoken since the fight. It was nice to hear the softness in his voice. I wanted to remain mad at him for the mean things hed said to me, but deep down, I knew he was partly right. I had a knack for pushing too hard to get my way. Though I needed freedom to clear my head and accept all that had happened to me, I still needed his guidance. The incident with Erick was proof of that. 
I am just trying to protect you, Lysander continued. Youre young and there is still much for you to learn.
I stopped and looked up at him. His big, beautiful blue-gray eyes met mine and I felt his warmth again. He looked at me kindly. 
I know youre trying to teach me and Im very thankful for that, but you cant deny me my freedom. I cant live feeling like a caged rat. I have to be free to accept
Alyssa, please have patience. Your freedom will come when you are ready. Let me teach you more before you attempt to make your way alone.
Im not asking to leave you, Lysander. I just want the freedom to come and go as I please. I need to find some semblance of control over this new life. I need something to grasp onto. This whole change has turned my world upside down. 
There was a look of relief in his eyes. I wondered if he thought my pressuring for freedom was a request to leave him. A small hope entered my mind. Maybe he did have some feelings for me. Maybe there was more to him than the cold, hard shell he showed me.
Look, Ive never had to live under someones rule before, I continued. Even as a child, I had freedom from my parents. I have to do things for myself, and all I ask is the freedom to do that. 
I see my warnings have no effect on you, Lysander sighed. I do not wish to get into another quarrel with you, Alyssa.
Then dont keep me prisoner. Trust me and let me have my freedom, and we wont have a reason to fight.
Fine. I will allow you to hunt alone, provided you promise to be careful and let me know where youre going. Until the threat from Kallisto and her coven has been taken care of, it is still very dangerous out there.
Its a start, I agreed. It was a compromise, and it seemed the only way to end our current fight. I forced a smile on my face and nodded to Lysander.
He brought his hand up to my chin, lifting my head just slightly, and kissed my forehead. 
I just wish to protect you. You are important to me, he whispered.
We walked to the end of the Fremont Street canopy. My hunger had been kept at bay long enough.
I need to hunt now. Will you let me go?
I sensed the worry and saw the reluctance in his eyes.
Go, he said, almost whispering.
Ill return when Im done. I wont be far. It was a small test to see if he would really let me go. Lysander slowly turned towards the crowd of tourists.
Thank you. I sighed and headed off into the darkened street ahead.


CHAPTER 16
* * * * *

My solo hunt on Freemont Street had gone well and Lysander, seemed to be relaxing on his overprotectiveness. Things were beginning to look up. Thankful for the newfound privacy, I planned to take my first unaccompanied trip into the city, with one little detour. I needed to go home, to see it one more time, and say goodbye.
I knew it was forbidden. Lysander had made it very clear that I was dead to the mortal world now. I didnt care. I had to have some closure and since I would have this little bit of privacy to do it, I felt it was time.
The only way I would be able to accomplish this was to leave without drawing attention to myself. I didnt want to have to tell Lysander where I was going, and he always seemed to know what I was thinking. 
An opportunity to leave presented itself as if fate wanted me to go. Lysander sat in the dining room, engrossed in a new project. Papers covered the large mahogany table. He worked with various colored pencils, drawing new sketches for his book. I knew that would keep him occupied. Lysander was meticulous, sparing no detail in his work. I could only guess at the amount of focus it took to complete such beautiful works of art. I knew one thing, though; he should be occupied all night. 
I borrowed the keys to his SUV, walking out as quietly as I could. A small sense of unease struck me as I shoved the keys in the ignition. I wondered, for a moment, how mad Lysander would be if he knew what I was up to. But mad or not, I had to do this. 
Miles flew by quickly as I headed into the heart of the city. Before I could mentally prepare myself, I was there, in the parking lot of the familiar strip mall that held my favorite caf. 
I managed to park in a spot close enough to allow me to see in through Copiohs front windows. I hoped no one would be able to see me, though. I wasnt ready for questions. In all honesty, I wasnt really sure what I wanted to do when I got there. My planning had ended with taking the car and driving; one of the downfalls of my often quixotic nature. Now that I was here, I was kind of at a loss as to what to do. 
Copioh was the same as it had always beennot that I had expected much to change in a week. 
I cracked the window, lowering it just an inch so I could take in the familiar smell. I used to love the fragrant aroma of espresso and chocolate that leaked from the old coffee house. 
The smell seemed different now. The thick, sweet aroma of the people standing outside altered the scent. While it was very appealing, it no longer gave me the same feeling of home. My throat dried up as the scent teased my hunger, reminding me of my need to hunt for the night. I pushed back the thoughts of blood and concentrated on the caf.
Had anyone noticed that I hadnt been around? 
I surveyed the parking lot, looking for familiar faces, before turning my attention back to the front window of the caf. 
Id hoped I would be missed. I wanted to see a missing person sign posted in the window, something to tell me my disappearance had some effect. I didnt want to be another nameless, faceless statistic. College girl goes missing. No! I wanted someone to care that I was gone.
I stared into the cafs front window, spotting a thin blonde girl sitting on my favorite couch. My heart skipped a beat. It was Fallon, my longtime best friend. I looked at my watch. 
Nine oclock. Right on time as usual. Too bad she couldnt have been on time a week ago. 
I should have guessed she would be there waiting for me. In my mortal life, we were always there, together, right after work. She jerked her head towards the door as it opened. 
I ducked below the dashboard in reactionnot that she would have been able to see me behind the heavily tinted windows of the SUV.
Peeking up, I saw disappointment flash across her face, as if she were expecting someone and he or she hadnt shown.
Is she waiting for me?
The Goth teenagers meandered in front of the caf as usual. Their mindless wandering aggravated me. Every few moments, a black cloak or rail-thin person blocked my view into the front window. 
Her face looked so sad. I wanted to go inside, greet my friend, and tell her everything that had happened to me. 
No, I cant do that. There are too many people here; someone will recognize me. There would be too many questions to answer. 
I couldnt risk staying any longer. If she were to spot me, or if someone recognized me, there would be trouble. Lysander would never allow our secret to get out like this.
I started the engine and backed out of the parking space. As much as I wanted to talk to Fallon, I just couldnt. 
Driving slowly out of the parking lot, I headed towards my old apartment. 

***

My street was dark and quiet. For the regular people who didnt live a nocturnal life, the evening was winding down. Most of the lights in my apartment complex were dark. The quiet hum of air conditioners and the low sounds of thumping bass music, from the surrounding apartments, comforted me.
I reached the door of what had, until recently, been my home and noticed a wrinkled piece of paper taped to it. It looked official, a notice of some kind. I laughed, reading it. My rent was a week late. 
Never shy about getting the rent money. I yanked the note off the door, crumpled it, and tossed it on the ground. Try getting rent out of me now. 
I turned the knob, noticing it was already unlocked. Thats odd, I thought, and then I remembered Lysander had stopped by to pick up my things. No need to lock a door when you never plan on returning. 
Slowly, I pushed against the door. A strange feeling came over me, like I was being watched, but I couldnt sense any human presence. Not that it mattered if there was. It would have been all too easy to take care of any robber stupid enough to attack me, and it would take care of my need to hunt for the night.
Tiny hairs prickled at the back of my neck. I recognized the sensation. There was a vampire nearby. I looked over my shoulder, scanning the surrounding area, but I didnt see anything that would clue me into who or what could be watching me. There was no immediate scent of humans in the air, only the musky odor of a few stray cats.
The street was quiet and dark. I decided it was best to get inside. If another vampire was hunting in this area, I didnt want to give him or her a reason to bother me. 
The door creaked against my weight as I pushed it open. Moonlight flooded the darkened living space. A familiar aroma greeted me as I stepped over the threshold. 
I was home. 
A peaceful feeling came over me. I flicked on the lights and the room came alive. My apartment was a stark contrast to Lysanders barren home. Every inch of space in the large studio apartment had been filled. I was a packrat, a collector of sorts. Knickknacks, treasures, books, movies, you name it; I crammed them all into this apartment.
Fallon had always joked that I decorated in what she liked to call early garage sale, pretending there was some artsy theme to my decorating scheme. In reality, I was just a poor girl using whatever furniture I could find to keep myself from sleeping on the floor, and spending the rest of my money on novelties and junk.
An old, beat-up, black metal futon that doubled as my bed sat against the wall, flanked by two overflowing bookshelves. They leaned sharply, threatening to collapse under the weight of all of their books. Posters of my favorite movies lined the walls in cheap, metal frames, covering up the dingy, yellowing walls. 
I stepped off the four-square linoleum tiled entry onto the old, green shag carpeting. The cracked, aging pad underneath the carpet made a familiar crunching sound as I walked on it.
My apartment may have been cheap and horribly maintained, but it was home.
I inhaled deeply, taking in each and every one of the smells that presented itself to me. There was always something about the smell of home that had an instant, calming effect on me. 
Soft hints of my favorite perfume wafted in from the laundry basket in the bathroom. Dry, bitter coffee grounds scented the trash, and the dusty smell of my piles of books created a unique bouquet. I stood for a moment, slowly inhaling and savoring the scents. A jar of my favorite lotion sat half-opened on the counter. The lemongrass and tea tree smell called out to me. I reached out taking the lotion and scooped out a small bit. I savored the clean scent and creamy texture as I rubbed it into my skin. 
I crossed over from the kitchenette and dining area into the living room, noticing a blinking red light on the answering machine. Curious to see if anyone had missed me, I hit play.
Hey, lady, its Fallon. Sorry about ditching you last night. Call me. The voice was like music to my ears.
Another message followed.
Hey, Alyssa, where have you been? I tried your cell. Are you mad? A tear welled up in my eye. I heard worry in Fallons voice.
I waited with anticipation each time the machine beeped. 
Lyssa, its Matt. I havent heard from you in a while, where have you been? Anyway, a bunch of us are going to Mount Charleston this weekend, please come. Call me.
I knew I should stop the machine, but I kept listening, desperate to know Id been missed.
Alyssa, Im getting worried. Where are you? Please pick up the phone. Worry had turned to fear in Fallons voice. My heart swelled with emotion.
I pressed the button to stop the messages, wondering if I should delete them. 
Was there any report about my attack on the school campus? Did anyone suspect something, was I just another missing person, or had the events of my assault remained unknown to everyone but Lysander and myself? 
Those questions would have to remain unanswered. I couldnt speak to my human friends now. Hearing the sounds of their voices made me long to talk to them, to tell them I was okay. 
I went to the bookshelf, pulling a thick photo album out of the topmost shelf. Collapsing on the futon, I opened the book and flipped through the photos. All of the memories of my former life were in those plastic-coated pages. 
A pair of green eyes belonging to a ten-year-old version of myself stared back. I was hugging a sleepy-looking brunette wearing a Santa hat. It was one of the few pictures I had of my mother before she spiraled out of control. 
Shed never been much of a figure in my life. Most of the memories of my childhood involved being shuffled back and forth between babysitters when my mom wanted to go out for a night of fun. 
I hated how messed up she used to get. There were more than enough vices in Vegas to turn any soccer mom into a gambling-addicted alcoholic, and unfortunately, after Dad left, my mom took to trying out as many as she could. I had been left alone to fend for myself most of the time. I was never one to be told what to do or where to go: one benefit of absentee parenting. I learned quickly how to do everything for myself. 
Can I blame you for this, Mom? Maybe if I had been raised differently, or had more responsible and caring parental figures, my life would have turned out differently. 
No, I cant blame her, I sighed. 
I turned the pages, reminiscing. Friends, road trips, parties: all of my fondest memories lived here, in these pages. The ache of emotion pulled at my heart. I felt like an outsider now, looking in through the window on someone elses life. I knew I did not belong with the people in those pictures any longer.
I surveyed the apartment, seeing the trail of clothes left by Lysanders hasty attempt to pack up my things. All of my mortal possessions were here, but somehow they didnt feel like they belonged to me anymore. They belonged to the me that used to live here, the mortal Alyssa who struggled to pay the rent and hated her job. The Alyssa who spent all her free time with friends sitting in a silly little college caf.
I wasnt that Alyssa anymore. I wasnt sure who I was now. I only knew how different I felt. 
Maybe Lysanders been right all along. I dont belong here anymore. 
The photo album slid from my lap, almost falling to the floor. I caught it and set it aside as I continued to look around at the remnants of my mortal life. A small stand next to me held a wooden box. I grabbed it, opening it as I brought it to my lap. A small white gold, diamond, and sapphire eternity ring sat inside of it. My mothers wedding ring. I took it out of the box, placing it on my right ring finger.
Im not leaving this behind. Im not losing everything from my mortal life.
The shrill ring of my telephone snapped me out of my depression. I wanted to answer, to hear the voice on the other side of the line. Knowing it would be a friend calling, I stopped myself. 
Im dead to them. 
The answering machine picked up, and I heard my recorded voice telling the caller I wasnt at home and to leave a message.
Okay, Alyssa, Im really worried now. Its been over two weeks. Where are you? Why arent you answering your cell? I dont care if youre mad at me. Im coming over to check on you. 
It was Fallon. 
I wanted nothing more than to talk to her. To tell her what had happened. To let her know I was okay. The fear in her voice was unbearable.
The phone disconnected and the room fell silent. Temptation told me to stay, to wait for my friend to show up. Unlike the caf, my apartment was quiet and secluded. I could tell her everything and say my good-bye without fear of others overhearing.
I thought of Lysander. What would he say? I knew he wouldnt approve; I was already going to be in enough trouble for coming back here. 
Rule number one was to maintain a low profile. Divulging my new secret to another person, a human, wouldnt be tolerated. These older immortals all seemed to be able to read the thoughts right out of my head, and I knew I couldnt protect my mind to keep this forbidden meeting a secret. 
What would Lysander do if he found out a mortal knew of us? He might just kill her to protect our secrets.
As much as I wanted to stay, I knew I should go. She was my best friend, but I couldnt put her in any risk by telling her my secret. I left the photo album open on the futon, showing a picture of the two of us, happily smiling for the camera, standing on a sunny beach. 
Goodbye, Fallon. Remember the good times. 
I didnt know how she would take this sign, but I hoped some idea of my message would get to her. It was better she thought I was gone. At least then she could start the healing process. 
A lump formed in my throat as I left the apartment. I made no effort to lock up or turn off the lights. I left the door wide open, inviting her inside to see that I was gone.
I decided not to stick around and find out what she would do. Seeing her again might tempt me to come out and comfort her, and I couldnt risk it. This gesture was the only way I could say goodbye. The night was calling and I needed to move on.

***

There was still one more place I needed to see before I returned to Lysanders home.
I walked slowly down the street, with hardly a glance upward to tell me where I was going. I had walked these steps so many times in my mortal life I could take them blind. 
I made it back to the campus of UNLV, walking down the path towards the theater hall. The grounds were all but deserted, and silence filled the air. I soon caught an all-too-familiar scent. 
Blood. 
I looked up, seeing the burned-out lights I had noticed before. The path was dark but my supernatural sight allowed me to see. I knew exactly where I stood.
Sadness welled up inside of me. I had found the spot where my life changed forever. I could tell someone had tried to clean up the mess. The pavement looked clean. No human would see the evidence of the attack, but I could still smell it. Faint traces of copper and a hint of lemongrass, my favorite scent, still clung to the area. 
Flashes of memory played the nightmare of my attack over and over. 
Excuse me, miss, a voice echoed in my head, as I remembered the skinny man, drawing my attention while his heavyset friend snuck up behind me.
I witnessed the whole scene play out as if I were a ghost, watching as I was knocked to the ground. I saw the knife enter my back as I reached for my keychain, desperately hoping I could fend them off with the pepper spray.
See what you made me do? I said stay down, you dirty slut. The voice of the heavyset man echoed in my head.
My fist clenched at my side. My heart ached with each shallow thump. I fought against the tears welling in my eyes.
I saw the look of terror on my face as the skinny man mounted me, preparing to rape me. I looked so helpless, so weaklying there, accepting my fate.
Echoes of footsteps signaled my savior had come to rescue me, only these echoes werent shadows of my memory. The sound was real. 
The hair on the back of my neck prickled. The familiar sensation of being watched from behind struck me. Then I felt a calming warmth.
I watched as again, he stepped from the shadowed path, just as he had the night he had turned me.
Lysander, I gasped. What are youhow did you
I was shocked and scared, seeing him standing in front of me. 
I knew you would come here, he said calmly. There was no anger in his voice, but I knew I was in trouble for coming back here. I just hoped he wasnt too mad at me. 
How did you know I?
Youre not the first Ive turned, Alyssa.
I gulped down a knot, forming in my throat. Please dont be mad I
I know. Lysander smiled. You needed to have one last look. Its okay.
Really? I was confused by how calmly he was acting. He was supposed to be angry no, make that livid that I had chosen the place of my mortal death to come back to.
Its hard to say goodbye to your mortal life. Im proud of you for leaving your apartment when you did.
Youve been following me this whole time, havent you, I said coldly, remembering the vague feeling of being watched.
Yes. He sighed. I had a feeling the moment I let you out alone, you would want to come back.
But
And I was right, wasnt I? 
Lysander, Im I was torn between fear and confusion. He was acting too calm about this.
Dont worry, Im not mad, he said, raising his hand to quiet me. You have acted very maturely about this. I should have let you come make peace sooner. For that, I am sorry.
I breathed a sigh of relief. At least I wasnt in trouble.
He motioned for me to walk with him.
You are a special case, Alyssa. Most mortals are turned knowing full well what theyre getting themselves into.
We found a bench along the walkway and took a seat.
Normally, when we wish to turn someone, it is because they mean something to us beforehand. There is plenty of time to let them know the sacrifice they will be making. To warn them of the difficulties they might face. You werent given this opportunity.
I thought about my friend; she must have made it to my home by now and found the apartment empty. 
Would she go looking for me? Would she understand my meaning when she saw the photo album? Would she understand the message I was trying to convey? If only I could have said something to her. Just one last conversation to say good-bye.
Please try not to dwell on your mortal life, Lysander cautioned, interrupting my train of thought. He was right. I was dwelling. I didnt want to give up ties to my old life. 
I had not been given a choice. I had not been prepared for this sacrifice. 
It was easy to deal with the loss of my apartment and job; but my friends, on the other hand, had been like family. It was hard to accept that I could no longer call on them for support. I could no longer share in the good memories or be there as comfort for the bad ones. To be dead to them was the hardest sacrifice to make.
I dont know if I could have prepared myself for this, I said. Tears welled up again in my eyes. My chest ached with sadness. I wouldnt have asked for this.
I wiped my face, trying not to let the tears run down.
It is a lot to ask of anyone. Giving up your life is something that most are unable to do. I am proud of your strength, that you have dealt with this so well. 
Lysanders words were comforting. He gently wiped a tear from my face.
I looked up, finding his eyes; the faintest hint of emotion was there, just below the surface.
Did you ever go back and say good-bye to your life? I asked.
Yes. He put his arm around me and pulled me in close. We all go back and say good-bye in our own way. I visited my familys home and looked in on them once, but never spoke to them again. I knew, just as you do, that it would do more harm than good to tell them what had happened to me.
I nestled my head into his chest, listening to the faint beat of his heart. It was good to know that Lysander, too, had shared my pain. 
Im sorry I did this to you, he whispered.
Oh, no, please dont think I resent what you have done for me. Im glad you saved me that night, I said, pulling away slightly to show him the sincerity in my face. Hed been my savior. Even though I was saddened by the loss of my mortal life and friends, I knew hed given me a second chance at life. 
I shouldnt have let it get that far, and for that I am sorry. I should have stopped them before they hurt you.
That thought had crossed my mind more than once during the past week. But there was no use dwelling on that fact. You cant change the past. As much as I wanted to complain, it would do no good.
Im still alive, and thats whats important, I said, in a small attempt to return the comforting gesture. 
You would not be talking to me right now if I had taken care of them before they hurt you. Lysander was beginning to sound as depressed as I felt. You would have gone on with your life, completely unaware of our existence.
Yeah, and maybe, next week or the week after, I would have been attacked by some other stranger. I gave Lysander a goofy smile, trying to lighten the mood. One sad vampire was enough, and I didnt like the depressed look on his face. If you hadnt noticed, I dont really protect myself that well.
Lysander returned my smile. You do have a point there.
I loved that smile. He really was a handsome man. And I felt pretty lucky to be stuck with him. Lysander pulled me in close again. His faint heartbeat lulled me. I snuggled in tight against him. 
Ill get used to this, I said softly. 
Can you? he asked.
Yeah. As long as youre here with me.
Really? 
Yeah, its not so bad.
Youre not a very good liar.
No, really. Im happy to be alive and here with you. It wasnt a lie. I was happy to still be alive, and I did enjoy his presence, when we werent arguing. I just need a little more time to get used to things. 
You have all the time in the world.
I just wish there was some way I could say good-bye.
Lysanders chest expanded as he sucked in a deep breath. I could tell that this constant dwelling on my old life frustrated him. There is nothing you can say that will make her or any other mortal understand. She will find the photo you left out. She will come to the conclusion that you are gone. Dont torture yourself or her by leaving any more uncertainty out there.
I nodded against his chest, not wanting to speak. 
Lysander always seemed to be right about things; an advantage of his age, perhaps. It would be much easier for my friends to accept my death than an explanation that I was a newborn vampire stalking the streets of Las Vegas. There really was no gentle way to break that kind of news to someone. If she thought I was dead, the healing process could start for her. I remembered Crystals comforting words. I was thankful Fallon was alive and well, and even if I couldnt see her or any other of my old friends, I knew they were still out there, living their lives.
Lysander took my hand; his finger ran lightly across the top of my ring.
What is this?
I looked down. It was my moms. She gave it to me a long time ago.
I see.
I dont want to lose it. Its the last thing I have of her. The last
Keep it. There is no harm in taking a small memento. Let this be it, okay? Let the rest go. 
I looked back towards the spot where I had been attacked. I knew I needed to let go. I needed to leave my old life here, behind me, and move on. 
I think Im ready to go now, Lysander, I whispered.


CHAPTER 17
* * * * *

My skills were developing fast. Our senses and abilities were supposed to grow with age. According to Lysander, it could be years before I would be able to accurately read a mortals thoughts. Perhaps more than a century before I could peer into the mind of an immortal. However, at this point, it required almost no effort to look at someone and instantly discern what he or she was feeling. 
I was happy with this empathic ability and worked to focus it whenever I was near enough to someone to use it. I focused on the clan, Lysander, and anyone near enough for me to use as a test subject. 
Besides the strange warmth that accompanied Lysanders presence, I sensed happiness and a desire to be close. You would never know this by his outward appearance. His expression rarely gave way to the feelings he kept locked deep inside. 
I couldnt deny I had my own warm feelings for Lysander; but, after the embarrassment of our previous kiss, I wasnt going to make an idiot of myself again. 
Still, I loved that he would smile at me as he rose every evening. Each time, I wanted to lean in and kiss him, but I wouldnt let myself. I sometimes wondered if he liked me, and just didnt want to act on it. Was there a secret reason he held back? Some unknown fear of commitment? 
A few days had passed since saying good-bye to my mortal life when I found myself alone in the house with Lysander. The clan members were all out in the city on their own, enjoying its plethora of entertainments. 
Lysander sat in the dining room. Hed spent the last couple of days camped out there, papers sprawled all over the table and a large book in front of him. 
Normally, I would have left him alone to his writing, but curiosity got the better of me. He seemed so engrossed, passionately scrawling words across a page of the large book. 
I sensed a mix of emotions, some happy and some sad. They filled the space around him, like an aura surrounding his body. Whatever he was writing had a connection deep inside of him. Having only seen brief glimpses of true emotion in Lysander, this new sensation piqued my curiosity. 
I walked behind him, peering over his shoulder. There was a drawing of a woman that looked like me. 
This must have been what he was working on a few nights ago.
His talent for drawing, in my opinion, outmatched his ability to write. Every sketch I saw of his seemed to come alive on the page. I grinned, admiring the picture. It was like staring into a mirror. He had captured every small detail: each long strand of red hair, the high arch of my widows peak, the faint smile lines around my mouth, and the full pout of my lips. Id always been given compliments on how naturally full my lips were.
Next to the picture was the word rebirth. 
I was flattered he was writing about me, though it should not have surprised me. Lysander wrote down everything. He had a passion for writing and the documenting of living history, as he put it. 
I heard him say so many times, with sadness, that Kallisto had his original work. According to him, there was so much more of his history documented than he was able to scribble into the old and weathered tome hed showed me earlier.
This book he wrote in, though old, was much less worn than the previous book. My picture and the words he wrote fell toward the end of this tome, telling me it couldnt have held more than a century or two of his recent writings.
I hovered over Lysander a bit too long, and I felt him stealing glances at me from the corner of his eye. 
Do you need something, Alyssa? he asked gruffly.
I sat down next to him. Sorry, I just noticed your drawing.
Its a crude likeness, he said, a note of sarcasm in his voice. But it is not the picture that matters as much as the story that goes with it.
Its beautiful, I said. Youre very talented.
I should be, after a few thousand years of practice.
I giggled. I guess practice does make perfect then.
He returned to focusing on his work as I glanced over at the words he had written under the title.

Fate brings us opportunities when we least expect it.
I had not made an attempt to turn another in more than a century. The memories of the deaths of my previous children haunted me. For years, I was destined to be alone. I had resigned myself unto this fate, the punishment for my own desire for freedom.
As fate would have it, I happened across a pair of very appealing strangers one night on my evening hunt. Their minds were filled with thoughts of sexual conquest and their energy was a succulent mix of power and adrenaline. I savored the thought of their blood as I peered into their minds. They planned their attack, not knowing they would soon be my prey. Morbid curiosity stopped me from acting before it was too late, and Alyssa became their prey before I took my chance to attack.
I regret that my fascination with the brutality of their attack prevented me from stopping them before they had done too much damage. I should have acted before she crossed their paths.
She was an innocent. A young woman. Too young to die.
I knew she was far too injured to survive if I left her. My sloth in attacking would be the cause of her innocent death, and I could not allow it. She did not deserve death, so I granted her immortality.

The sincerity in his words was so refreshing. It seemed the wall hed built up around himself couldnt hide emotions from his written words. Perhaps there was some real feeling there.
I reread the passage again.

The memories of the deaths of my previous children haunted me. For years, I was destined to be alone.

What happened to your other children? Youve been alone for a long time, havent you? I asked cautiously. 
I had a feeling. Intuition. I knew what the answer would be before Id even asked the question. The warning we had received from Edmond and the prior history lesson Lysander had given me was enough to tell me Kallisto had had something to do with it. 
I do not wish to talk about it, Alyssa. His voice sounded hoarse, as if he struggled to keep the emotion down. You do not need to know those details.
I sensed the ache in Lysanders heart. It must cause him physical pain to bury the memories, and I was just drawing them out with my questioning. His reaction confirmed my suspicion. 
I leaned over, wrapping my arms around him in a comforting embrace. Forget I said anything. Im sorry I mentioned it.
Lysander returned the gesture. I felt his muscles relax as he let out a deep breath. 
We sat there for a moment, wordlessly holding one another before I released him. I pulled back, finding his eyes and held their gaze, admiring the beautiful flecks of blue. 
This time, to my surprise, it was he who leaned in and gently pressed his lips to mine. The flood of emotions came rushing to the surface like an electric charge. 
He tightened his arms around me, embracing me, guiding me closer to his body as our lips and tongues danced together. 
I lost myself in the moment, knowing the desire was truly mutual between us. 
His lips were soft and sweet. I could have spent an eternity kissing them. Flames of desire ignited inside of me.
Without warning, he pulled away. No, we cant do this, he said, turning away from me. He covered his mouth with his hand.
What? I gasped, catching my breath. This wasnt the reaction I expected from him. Did I do something wrong?
No. We cant do this, he said again.
I turned away, too, feeling embarrassed, rejected again by Lysander.
No, Alyssa, its not that I dont want you. He reached out and grabbed my hand, stopping me from getting up and escaping to the bathroom again. Believe me, I would love nothing more than to be with you. I just cant. Everyone I care foreveryone I bring into this lifedies. 
It was the first time I had seen emotion like this from him. I took his face into my hands, looking deeply into his eyes.
You have already saved me from death once, Lysander.
Once may not be enough.
I felt his emotional battle, and understood the mix of signals I had been getting from him. I realized that chance had brought us together that night on campus and his refusal to let me die had entwined our fates. 
He didnt want me to die, but turning me might have sealed that as my future fate anyway. Kallistos looming threat weighed heavy on his heart. His other children must have somehow fallen to their deaths by her command. 
Once was probably more than I deserved, I whispered.
You deserve to live without worry.
There will always be something to worry about, Lysander. Youre telling me you wont get close to me because I might die someday.
You are sometimes surprisingly wise, Alyssa, far beyond your short years. 
Not wise enough to avoid walking darkened streets at night, I added with a wink and a giggle, hoping to lighten the mood.
Lysander shook his head. You certainly dont make this any easier, tempting fate as you do, by always wanting to go off alone. You never listen to my warnings. Kallistos threat is real, and I still have not figured out what to do about her coven.
What is the deal with this Kallisto lady anyway? Why does she hide behind messengers and her coven?
Thats the source of her power. Shes smart, and shes very good at manipulation. She has an entire army of vampires at her command. That is why she wields so much power. He sighed. And, I feel like I cant protect you, Alyssa. Youre too stubborn for your own good.
I know, Im sorry. Im not used to people caring for me. 
I dont want to lose you. I dont want to lose another person I care for, but if you wont listen to me, if you wont let me protect 
What if you got her alone?
Easier said than done, Alyssa. But He held a finger up. His eyebrow arched and a smile crept across his face. Though you do have a point. Without her coven, she is nothing. She has no real strength or skills to fight.
So thats it! Get Kallisto alone and take care of her. Then our problems with the coven are over, and you can stop worrying about me. I smiled. I do like you, Lysander, and I want to get closer to you. 
I leaned in for another kiss.
What was I doing? Shocked again by my own forwardness, I pulled back quickly, looking bashfully into Lysanders big blue-gray eyes. Sorry, I
He pulled me onto his lap. I straddled him on the chair. The bulging evidence of his desire in his pants grew larger as I brushed against it. 
His lips again found mine, claiming my mouth. I ground into his hardness. His hand snaked up my back and took a fistful of my hair. 
A shiver raced down my spine. Gently, he pulled my head backward, trailing kisses down the bare skin of my neck. He awakened feelings I had been trying so hard to ignore. Heat pulsed between my legs. I ground harder into his body. The familiar pinch came as his teeth broke through my skin. I moaned softly, arching my neck further, allowing him to drink. The slow gentle pull of his soft lips at my neck made me swoon. 
My body melted as desire burned throughout me. I needed this. I needed Lysander.
I reached out, my hands finding his face as he released my neck. I pushed him toward my lips again and traced the outline of his mouth with my tongue, savoring the tiny drops of my blood left behind. The sugary-sweet taste excited me further. I gripped his hair, tangling my fingers in his feather-soft tresses. 
In one quick motion, Lysander got up, lifting me with him out of the chair. Our lips did not part as he carried me to his bedroom. 

CHAPTER 18
* * * * *

I awoke the next evening wrapped in Lysanders arms. I smiled to myself as I rolled over to greet my new lover. 
It wouldnt take an empath to know that Lysander was happy. I saw the serene look on his face. 
Good evening, he said as he reached out to run his fingers through my hair.
Yes, it is good, I sighed.
I rested on the pillow, looking up at my Lysander. I liked that thought. My Lysander.
Memories repeated like a broken record, replaying the pleasures of the previous evening over and over. 
God, that was good. 
Lysander chuckled. Your mind is like an open book, Alyssa, he teased. You make no effort to hide your inner monologue.
Hide my inner monologue? What?
I can hear your thoughts. His voice was in my head, speaking as loudly as if he had said the words, but his lips hadnt moved.
Stop that, I demanded. Get out of my head.
Lysander gave me a boyish grin. You will have to learn to stop me, then, he taunted playfully, speaking inside of my head.
Heat rose to my cheeks. I rolled away to hide my red face.
I did not mean to embarrass you, Alyssa. I am happy I could please you last night. I want you to be happy.
I felt the pressure of his hand as he rubbed lightly on my back.
I dont like you in my head like that, I grumbled into the pillow.
He ran his fingertips down the length of my arm. Alyssa, Im sorry.
Why didnt you tell me you could do this? Youre supposed to be teaching me. How long have you been eavesdropping on my private thoughts? 
He took a deep breath. I see we are already back to arguing. That did not last long.
We wouldnt argue if you werent always hiding things from me. And dont give me any of that crap about it being in my best interest.
Lysander sighed. You are right. I should have tried. I wasnt sure you were strong enough yet. It can take centuries for young vampires to learn the mental arts. He pulled at me, trying to get me to roll back over and look at him. 
How long have you been poking around in my head? I asked.
It comes naturally to me, Alyssa. It is one of our abilities. I dont intentionally read you, but you speak so clearly in your own head, it is hard not to hear you.
I rolled over, shooting him an angry look. I wondered how many times hed read exactly what I was thinking. What embarrassing information had he been able to glean from my thoughts? 
I was going to teach you how to block this when I thought you were strong enough.
How do you know my strength if you dont test it? Quit coddling me! 
Fine. He paused for a moment. His brow furrowed and a faint growl rumbled in his chest. You always have to find something to fight with me about, dont you?
I snapped at him, mocking his tone. Maybe if you treated me like an adult, instead of 
Fine, you want to be tested, he interrupted, sitting up against the headboard.
Yes.
It wont be easy.
I dont care.
Im not sure youre ready for this.
Quit acting like Im a baby. I rolled my eyes.
Fine, then bite me.
What? 
Just like I showed you before. You are so strong and powerful, try to bite me and make me want it, he commanded. He crossed his arms, his face suddenly blanked of any emotion. 
I closed my eyes and centered myself, calming my nerves. When I opened them, I focused on Lysander, trying to glean his emotional state. 
I felt defiance. 
Hmm, this is different. 
His emotional wall built up again, blocking my read, not allowing me to see what was lying beneath. The hard, cold exterior Id come to know was back. He returned to the Lysander hed been before wed had sex. 
I gave him my most determined stare, trying to match the power in his eyes with my own. 
You want me as I want you, I thought, calling up the desire I felt for him, willing him to feel the same. Lysander broke my stare. He yawned and stretched, completely unaffected by my attempt. 
Youre not off to a very good start, are you, Alyssa? His tone mocked me.
What the hell? Why isnt this working?
I again tried to call up my feelings and regain our connection.
I mounted him, pushing him down to the mattress, and stared down at his face. Again, I tried to will my feelings to him, but Lysanders face was not placid, it was determined. He was fighting against my efforts, and I could see I was having no effect on him. 
Am I doing something wrong? Why isnt this working?
Because I do not allow it. 
His eyes remained locked into mine, giving me the full force of his powerful stare. A gray haze rolled into my head and suddenly I felt stricken with unexplainable fear. 
Lysander pushed me off him, and I flopped backwards on the bed. He rolled me onto my back and forced my hands above my head. Terror filled me, paralyzing me as he held me to the mattress. He straddled my torso and lowered his head to my face. 
Fight me, he taunted, showing me his sharp fangs.
Lysander towered over me. His eyes glowed eerily. His face appeared twisted with rage. 
Do you think youre strong enough now? he growled. Is this what you wanted?
I couldnt move. My heart raced, pounding in my chest. I gasped for air as he inched his evil face closer to mine. His teeth grazed my skin.
I shouted, No!
Lysander retreated, sitting next to me on the bed. 
Still panic-stricken from his mental attack, I lay there trembling, wondering why he had done this.
He stroked my hair. Its all right, Alyssa, calm down. It was only a test. His voice became soft and almost melodic. You asked for this. Remember, it does not pay to be filled with hubris, for Nemesis is always close behind.
The soothing effect of his voice helped ease me back into reality as the fuzziness left my head. I was able to think clearly again.
Whats that supposed to mean? I groaned in frustration.
It means dont get a big head, or someone might pop it. 
I thought I was ready. I guess Im still too weak.
You are not weak because you couldnt defend yourself against me, Lysander said soothingly. I have well over two thousand years of experience, and youre still quite new to this.
I was only slightly comforted by Lysanders words. I still felt weak though. Sitting up, I looked at Lysanders face. Gone was the frightening expression; he had returned to the beautiful Greek god I had found myself falling for. 
Why dont we try to match you with someone a little closer to your age? he suggested. We can ask Jessie to assist us. She will be a better match for you.
Okay.
He pulled me close, wrapping his arms around me. You are not weak. Stubborn, yes, but not weak. 
Lysander left me alone to compose myself while he went to join the clan in the living room. I sat quietly in the darkness, struggling with my insecurities.
What if Im unable to stop a young vampire, too? What if Lysander is wrong? What if pairing me with Jessie proves I really am weak?
I knew I couldnt hide in the bedroom forever. I would have to face Lysander and the clan. In my arrogance, I had demanded this test, and now I would have to take it.
Slowly, I walked out into the living room. As usual, the house was already abuzz; the clan members were all early risers. 
Lysander and Nicholas sat in the living room, deep in discussion. I joined them, giving Lysander a meek smile as I sat down.
Nicholas, I need to test Alyssas defenses, but Im afraid I am too much to handle for one so young. Lysander winked at me. Do you think Jessie might assist us?
If you can find her, ask her, Nicholas responded, a hint of irritation in his voice.
Find her? I asked.
She doesnt stay with the clan much, said Rozaline, entering the room. Lately, shes been a bit of a loner. Out at sunset and back before dawn most nights.
Rozaline joined us on the couch, taking a seat next to her mate. Since our last trip to California, she has become more and more reclusive. Its a little troubling. 
She is planning to leave us, Nicholas added. She seems to enjoy this city.
Why would she leave you? I asked.
Weve seen it many times before, said Rozaline. The young ones tire of constant travel very quickly. Once we move to a city that they think they will like, they try to set down roots, asking us to leave just before we head out again.
We have no need to keep her if she wants to leave us, said Nicholas. 
What he means is, we dont force anyone to stay with us if they do not want to, Rozaline added. 
Nicholas gave Lysander a telling look. Of course, if she is planning to stay here, she may ask to stay with you. That is, until she is settled. 
We will discuss that if and when it comes up, Lysander said sternly. 
I doubted Lysander wanted to have a random vampire living in his home. It was one thing to bring in the clan as a group. But a young, single vampire looking to escape her family posed new problems, especially one who constantly disappeared without a word. 
I couldnt put my finger on it, but I didnt trust Jessie. She wasnt like the other clan members. I wondered why she was with them. She never wanted to do anything with them as a group.
I still need some assistance with Alyssas training. What about Damon? Lysander asked, bringing the conversation back on point.
Rozaline perked up. Im afraid Crystal took Damon out tonight. I would be happy to help. What do you need me to do?
A small frown played across Lysanders face. I was hoping to match her with someone younger. She had a bit of a struggle with me.
Embarrassment washed over me again. It felt like Lysander was broadcasting my weakness to the whole world. I lowered my head staring at the carpet, not wanting to face Nicholas or Rozaline.
Rozaline seemed to understand my embarrassment. She is still very young, Lysander. You cant expect her to defend against an ancient when she has only been recently turned.
Rozaline moved, sitting next to me on the loveseat. She placed her arm over my slouching body. You must learn to walk before you can run, she whispered.
I sat up slowly, looking at Lysander and then at Rozaline. Please, teach me, I said, my voice wavering with a flood of nervousness.
Rozalines lips stretched into a smile, reaching all the way to her sparkling eyes. The first thing you must know is that a vampire need only look at you to glean the information from your mind. To control it, however, a vampire must first have eye contact. The eyes are the window to the soul. Once inside, a vampire can make you feel whatever she wants.
I nodded, turning my eyes back to the floor. I didnt want another surprise attack. 
Good, Alyssa. Rozaline chuckled. Thats your first defense. Dont give a vampire the opportunity to attack you. Unless youre mentally prepared for an attack, avoid eye contact with strangers.
Anxiety crept into my mind. I suddenly felt like everyone was watching me, hoping to see me fail. I gritted my teeth and kept my focus firmly on the carpet, not wanting to make any eye contact with the others in this room.
Dont be afraid, Alyssa, Lysander whispered in my mind.
Please, Alyssa, dont be afraid. This is how you learn. We wont mock you, Rozaline said soothingly. She lightly rubbed my back. Remember, we want you to learn.
Clear your mind, and close your eyes, Lysander said. Note the darkness, and focus on it. Think of that darkness surrounding you and your thoughts.
I did as instructed, closing my eyes. Everything went dark. Following his instructions, I imagined the darkness as a thick curtain between us. 
I hope Im doing this right. I focused on blocking out Lysander and the others, keeping my thoughts shielded behind this dark curtain. 
Now, open your eyes, Lysander said.
I did it and instantly the curtain faded. My mind opened as my eyes flooded with light. 
I cant do this.
Keep your mind in the darkness, Alyssa. Dont let a little light affect you, Rozaline prompted.
I closed my eyes and focused again, again imagining the darkness like a thick curtain blocking Lysander and the others on the outside. Slowly, I opened my eyes, focusing hard on separating myself from the others. My mind was silent as I looked up to Lysander. 
Good, he praised me. 
I smiled, feeling accomplished. I took a deep, cleansing breath and tried to keep my mind blank. 
Now, said Lysander. The same principle applies to defending against a mental attack. You must put up a barrier and break eye contact immediately.
Drew entered the room. Whats going on? He questioned.
Drew is younger than we are. Try him. I think he would be a good match. Nicholas turned towards Drew. Come here and help us, will you?
Drew walked over with a puzzled look on his face.
Were teaching Alyssa to block her mind, Nicholas continued.
This should be fun, said Drew. What should I do?
Fear, said Lysander.
Or lust, added Nicholas.
Lust is a fun one to work with. Drew gave me a small wink.
No, Lysander interrupted. My eyes flashed to his face. I saw the slight curl of his lip, revealing a bright, white fang, hinting his annoyance at Drews suggestion. Fear will be fine. She should learn to defend against that first.
Drew nodded at Lysander, and without a word, his friendly smile faded. Drews face wasnt one I would associate with fear. He seemed a gentle giant, almost always carrying a smile; but at that moment, all that gentleness vanished. He stood rigid in front of me. His hands clasped behind his back. His mouth hardened into a grimace as his eyes narrowed, focusing on me.
Look at me, Alyssa, he commanded. His voice was harsh as he ordered me to look into his eyes.
I knew the second my eyes met his, I would feel that dizzying rush. My head would become fuzzy as it filled with terror. Lowering my head, I locked my vision on the grain of the carpet below my feet. 
Look at me, he commanded again.
I shook my head. No, I dont want to.
You must try, urged Rozaline. This is how you learn.
I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. I tried to focus on the darkness, the emptiness, the safety behind the imaginary barrier that would shield me from any outsider. 
Slowly opening my eyes, I looked up. Drews face was hard. His smile twisted with the horror he wanted me to feel. His eyes pierced mine and forced me backward into the couch. I forgot about protecting my mind. My defenses dropped. The room spun. My mind suddenly felt clouded with irrational fear. 
I gasped for air as he inched closer to me. 
Fight him, Rozaline said. Block him out. Look away. She sounded as if she spoke from a great distance, even though she sat next to me. 
I couldnt turn my head. I couldnt focus on anything else in the room. I couldnt take my eyes off his. 
Drews stare pierced into my soul. 
Part of me knew I should fight, the same part that heard Rozaline pleading with me to look away, but I was powerless. 
My body remained frozen in place as Drew continued to draw closer, bringing himself down to my level. My eyes remained locked in his frightening stare, as the echoes of pleading from Rozaline slowly faded into silence. 
A hand waved in front of my face. The cloudiness in my mind faded. The room stopped spinning and I saw Drew on his knees in front of me. 
Are you all right, Alyssa? he asked. Gone was the harshness. Just as with Lysander, as soon as it was over, he returned back to his friendly and kind appearance.
I breathed a sigh of relief at being released from his frightening gaze. 
I nodded, trying to find the strength to answer.
Im sorry, I know this is hard, Drew said. If its any consolation, Crystal still keeps me under her power. He winked and gave a little chuckle. 
I smiled. 
No one gets it the first time, hon, Rozaline comforted me.
Technically, that would be the second time tonight.
I sat up, breathing slowly, trying to regain composure. 
I want to try it again, I said weakly. I need to get this right. 
I was determined not to fail. I didnt want to be weak and vulnerable. If the others could do it, I would learn to do it as well.
Give yourself a few moments rest, Alyssa, said Lysander. 
No! I want to do it again, I demanded, regaining my will. 
So stubborn, Lysander sighed, shaking his head.
I took a deep breath and closed my eyes again and called on the dark emptiness to shield me. 
Are you sure youre ready, Alyssa? Drew asked, a note of concern in his voice. 
I sucked in a deep breath and blew it out slowly. Ready as Ill ever be.
Okay. Drew shrugged his shoulders. You know you dont get points for determination, right?
I have to try. 
I met Drews cold stare. His face had regained the horrifying twisted smile. I fought the dizziness as the clouds rolled into my mind. My body pushed back into the couch again as my heart raced in my chest.
Blink, I thought. Blink, break eye contact.
My vision fluttered for a moment. Flashes of black and white light passed before my eyes 
Shes fighting, I heard Rozalines distant voice say.
Drews eyes bored further into my head. My mind became foggy. Flashes of darkness and light, as my eyes opened and shut, floated into my consciousness, but I couldnt break the connection. My head ached as I fought to keep blinking.
That is enough for now, Lysander said. 
I felt a comforting arm around me. The hazy feeling receded. 
Rozaline hugged me. Youre off to a good start, dear. Please remember, it takes time to master this skill.
Youre doing pretty well, Drew said. But lets try not to burn your brain out in one night. Remember, Ive got a few hundred years on you. The fact that you were able to blink is an achievement. Give it a rest now.
I accepted the small victory, not wanting to attempt another round. Trying to stop the mental advance of one who was many hundreds of years my senior had taken all my energy. 
We will work on this more later, Alyssa, Lysander said. Together, his voice whispered in my head. Let that be enough testing for one night.
Will I ever be able to hear your mind? I asked in my mind, hoping Lysander would hear me.
Yes, but it takes a long while to develop your skills. We will work together on this, he whispered mentally. 
Yeah, my head is aching. Id like to go hunt now. Thank you all for your help. My head pounded and the pangs of hunger nagged at me. It was best I headed out to hunt. 
Lysander decided to join me, giving us a chance to have some quality time together.


CHAPTER 19
* * * * *

The Peregrinus were preparing to leave, claiming theyd spent too much time visiting. As the saying goes, all good things must come to an end.
Though I cared for Lysander, I wasnt ready for him to be my sole companion. Having the clan around made me feel like I was part of a large family. That was something Id never really experienced before. My human family had never been close.
The call of the open road and the unknown was irresistible to them. The Peregrinus were always on the move, never settling in one place for too long.
I pleaded with Rozaline to stay just a few more days. 
Im sorry, Alyssa, she said. The clan grows restless when we stay in one place for too long. We will be back again, I promise. 
But its only been a couple of weeks. Why travel so soon anyway? Its not like youre heading home. 
We only meant to stopover for a couple of days. Im flattered you want us to stay, and we will miss you, but the open road is our home and we must be on our way.
How can the road be anyones home? I asked stubbornly.
I wish there were a good way to explain this to you, Alyssa. It is hard to appreciate, but traveling is what keeps us going. Life cannot stagnate if you are always on the move.
What do you mean?
Youre quite young still, and do not yet know the weight of the years, said Rozaline. We travel to keep moving with time, and experience all the changes of the world. Eternity is a very long time. How long will it be before you too tire of just existing, before you bore yourself with the daily grind of hunting and sleeping in this city?
I had never given thought to eternity and how long it was. Immortality was still a vague concept to me. If that was the case, why didnt Lysander travel like the Peregrinus?
Alyssa, every immortal must find their own way in this world. Ours is the way of the road. Youll find yours in time.
I wondered if I would ever get used to having my mind read so easily. It took so much energy to close my thoughts. I didnt bother at most times. 
Rozalines words didnt make sense to me. I didnt understand how the years had weight. 
The first couple hundred years might slip by before you realize the full weight of eternity, Alyssa. Life can get boring very quickly if you do not take opportunities to experience all you can. Boredom has led to the suicide of many an immortal. They lose the spark of life that keeps us going.
I remembered Lysanders history lesson. He too talked of once wanting to end it all, to give in to eternal sleep. It seemed writing was what kept him alive, just as travel kept the Peregrinus going. 
The world is constantly changing, Rozaline added. Through our travels, we get to watch those changes unfold. 
I knew there was nothing I could do to convince them to stay any longer. I retreated to the loveseat in the living room. Depression washed through me. I wasnt ready for them to leave, and a small part of me wanted to go with them. Id hardly gotten over the loss of my mortal friends. The Peregrinus had kept me busy, teaching me and training me, leaving me no time to dwell on the things and people Id lost. Now that they too would be going, I would have no distractions to prevent me from dwelling on my losses.
Ten oclock came and I heard the familiar Action News theme music playing on the TV. News anchors began teasing the top stories of the night. Nicholas walked into the room and took his usual spot on the couch. 
He had a fascination with the news, and since the arrival of the Peregrinus, the news was everywhere in our house. Papers were strewn about the living room: small press journals, large city newspapers, and sometimes even a tabloid or two could be found stuffed into the couch cushion. I was tired of hearing random stories of murders, car accidents, stock market reports, and the housing boom, so I paid no real attention. 
I sat back on the loveseat, daydreaming about traveling and seeing new places with the clan. 
I wonder if I could convince Lysander to travel, for a vacation or something small, just something to get us out to see some new sights. We could easily make it to the beach in his SUV. 
Something was said that caught Nicholass attention. I saw him quickly grab the TV remote. He upped the volume, drowning out the sounds of the rest of the house. The Authoritative voice of the female news reporter stole my focus from daydreaming.
will be welcoming these visitors as they tour local parishes in the city. Quentin Kagan, a spokesperson from the Vatican, has been working with local parishes to...
Theyre here, Nicholas growled. 
Lysander came into the room with a concerned look on his face. Whos here?
The Saints, Nicholas growled again, as he threw down the remote control.
I sank into the loveseat. Fears of the Saints breaking in through the windows, exposing us to daylight, filled my mind.
Are we sure it is the Saints, the real Acta Sanctorumnot just a bishop or a cardinal here for some feast day or church opening? Lysander asked, a note of concern in his voice.
They said Quentin Kagan. Hes Santinos handler. It wouldnt matter if they hadnt said his name. Think about it, Lysander. Why would Rome choose to send any visitors from the Vatican to Vegas? Sin City has never before deserved their attention. Why now?
Drew entered the room. Did I just hear you say the Saints are here? 
How many times am I going to have to repeat myself? Yes, theyre here, Nicholas replied. You can thank Kallisto for that. Shes drawn too much attention to that coven of hers.
If youre right, Rozaline said, we must be extra careful not to make the same mistake ourselves.
No! What we need to do is leave. Now, Nicholas said.
My heart sped up, beating frantically against my chest. I agreed with Nicholas. I wanted to get the hell out of this city, now. I didnt want to end up a victim of the Acta Sanctorum. 
Lysander took a spot next to me on the loveseat, placing his hand on my knee, a gesture I assumed was meant to comfort me. Lets not jump to conclusions too quickly
Nicholas interrupted. Do you want to take a risk that Im wrong? You want to be a sitting duck when they attack? 
If they are here, they are here for Kallisto, Lysander said calmly. And that takes care of any problems Ive had with her.
Lysander, you know it is not wise to be in the city when they are actively hunting, Rozaline protested. Any suspicious activity will come under great scrutiny now. 
If Kallisto knows of you, then the Saints will find you, Nicholas said coldly.
Nicholas is right, Drew said with a heavy sigh. Lysander, is it really worth waiting to see if they attack you?
You all make a strong argument, Lysander said.
Travel with us, urged Rozaline. It would do you good to get out of the city for a little while.
Can we go with them? I pleaded. I wanted nothing to do with the Saints. If they were here, I wanted to be far away. I was sold on the idea of travel before Lysander had even begun to think about it. The Saints threat was a perfect excuse to get Lysander to go. 
Lysander, you know you must go with us, Rozaline urged.
There is no use risking yourself and Alyssa, Nicholas added.
We can make room for you in our vehicle, Drew said.
Lysander nodded slowly. You are right, for the safety of all, it is best we leave. At least until this threat is over.
I breathed a sigh of relief. 
I wanted to go immediately, but preparations had to be made before we left. 
The clan was told to start packing as soon as they returned from their evenings hunt. Crystal and Damon rushed to start packing the RV as soon as they arrived at the house, while I helped Lysander secure all of his prized books and writings. He couldnt bear to be away from them and refused to leave them, in case the house was attacked. 
While packing them into a box, I noticed the book that Lysander had recently been writing in. 
I opened it, scanning the pages and admiring the various sketches. I saw drawings of vampires I recognized. Members of the Peregrinus had pages dedicated to them. I smiled, finding pages for Nicholas, Rozaline, Crystal, and Drew. 
As I flipped further into the book, I noticed a frightening sketch of a grizzled older man. Surrounded by a lions mane of salt-and-pepper hair, his face was ugly and horribly scarred. The man seemed to stare me down from the page as if he would jump out and grab me. There was a note written under the picture.
Santino Vitale. First among the Holy Damned.
Lysander walked into the room as I stared at the sketch. Ah, I see you found the Saint.
Who is he? I asked. 
He jabbed his finger at the picture. He is the reason the Acta Sanctorum has become so powerful.
One man? How does one man strike so much fear into the hearts of immortals? 
Do you remember Rozaline mentioning that Rome wanted to fight us on our own level?
I nodded.
He is how they did it. He is the first Acta Sanctorum hunter. A vampire like us, and a cold-blooded killer.
But why does he kill his own kind? How did the Acta Sanctorum convince a vampire to turn on his own kind?
They own him. Hes their attack dog. They granted him his immortality.
That didnt make any sense. How did the Church give him immortality?
Lysander stared at the ceiling for a moment, as if trying to recall a memory.
Im not quite sure of all the details, but Ive been told the Acta Sanctorum had been mildly successful in taking on small covens. But they struggled to find new ways to eradicate our kind. The casualties of fighting a war with immortal creatures, the Unnatural as they called us, left their ranks depleted of willing soldiers. They decided to try to level the playing field.
Lysander took the book away from me; he stared at the picture for a moment before turning the page. No one knows his mortal name. Hes been Santino since he first appeared with the Acta Sanctorum. What I do know of his mortal life is that he was a mercenary, and quite an accomplished killer. He loved war and fighting. It didnt matter who he fought as long as the price was right. Eventually, as happens to all mortals, he aged. He lost his strength and ability to fight. Illness took hold of him. His time drew to an end, as it does with all men. Legend says that at his last rites, a priest made him an offer: a cure for his illness and age.
Immortality, I gasped the words. 
Yes. In exchange for his service as a soldier of the Acta Sanctorum, they would make him immortal. 
But how is that possible? You turned me by feeding me your blood.
Somehow, they managed to entomb a vampire. No one knows how they did it. Maybe they killed the vampire and drained him, or they convinced the poor vampire to do it willingly. However it happened, Santino was turned and dubbed their new immortal soldier. He heads up the team of hunters that has raided covens all across Europe. 
Teams? There are more than one? My mouth hung open at this fresh disturbing news. A shiver danced down my spine. I dropped the book into the box next to me.
Careful with that book, Lysander snapped. I dont know how many are out there. Ive been told he has sired at least two others in the last hundred years, but there could be many more.
I shuddered. I now had a face to put to my nightmares of the Saints. 
Lysander put his hand on my shoulder. They are ruthless killers and expert hunters. When the main force of the Acta Sanctorum raids a coven house, he and his disciples wait and hunt down those that try to escape.
So the Acta Sanctorum controls him? I asked. There is no reasoning with him?
They have him so brainwashed that he will do anything they ask of him, Lysander said scornfully. He thinks he will be granted pardon for all his earthly sins once he destroys the last of our kind. They have told him that when it is over, he will be welcomed into Heaven.
Doesnt he see that he is one of us? That he is our kind and is no better than we are? 
Lysander shook his head and sighed. He doesnt associate himself with us. To him, we are all monsters to be put down, and he is working Gods will by destroying us.
Wont the Church just destroy him when they are all done?
Of course. Lysander laughed. But he wont listen to that blasphemy. He will not listen to reason. He only listens to the Acta Sanctorum and its leaders in Rome. 
You sound like you have dealt with him before.
Lysanders face contorted into a grimace. Ive escaped him on a few occasions, yes. Hes grown quite strong, feeding off the blood of other immortals. He is quite a force to be reckoned with. If Nicholas is correct and he knows of my home or learns of it through his dealing with Kallisto, we will not be safe. The Acta Sanctorum will attack by day, and those that survive will be hunted down by nightfall.
So shouldnt we leave now? I asked, tossing a few more things into the box. 
My guess is they will go after the main coven first. That is the big target. We should have a few days before they attack the smaller locations. But, to be safe, we will leave at dusk tomorrow. Now, lets finish getting packed.
The urgency brought on by the threat of the Acta Sanctorums presence could be felt all over the house. We managed to pack everything we needed in only a few short hours, leaving no real time for me to hunt. 
Hunger would be a problem. I needed blood more frequently than the older ones. Most of the clan had already gone out to hunt for the night, and those that had returned didnt wish to risk another outing. 
Will you hunt with me tonight, Lysander? I asked sweetly. I wanted him to go with me. The new threat of the Saints made me feel like enemies were all around.
He and Nicholas were busy planning a safe spot to retreat to. He barely took his eyes away from the map on the dining room table. Please try to find someone else to go with you tonight. 
Everyone has already gone for the night, I whined.
Im sorry, Alyssa, he said. There is still much to do. 
I sat sulking out on the front porch when Jessie arrived. Shed been away most of this evening, as usual, and seemed unaware of the situation with the Acta Sanctorum. She was my last hope for a hunting partner. 
Thankfully, and much to my surprise, she jumped at the idea of going out again. She smiled and eagerly offered to take me out. Ive got the perfect spot to take you, Lyss, she said happily. Youre going to die when you see this place. 


CHAPTER 20
* * * * *

We drove Lysanders Jeep toward Downtown. Jessie seemed excited about our hunt, but refused to tell me exactly where we were going, saying only that it would be unforgettable.
I mentioned the threat of the Acta Sanctorum, and she didnt seem to be concerned at all, unlike the rest of the coven.
Ive heard the bedtime stories, she scoffed. Its just a way to get us to keep a low profile. I havent seen or heard of one coven theyve destroyed since I was turned.
I rolled my eyes. Well, believe them or not, were all getting out of here. Shaking my head, I turned to look out of the window.
Good, she snapped. The Peregrinus can leave. Im not going anywhere.
What? Are you stupid? 
Her hands tightened on the steering wheel. Im sick of travel. Im sick of the road. Im sick of wasting my immortality. We never stick around long enough to enjoy the places we stay. If the Peregrinus are gone tomorrow, thats fine with me. I dont want to be with them anymore.
But the Saints. Where will you stay?
Dont worry about me, Lyss. Ive got everything all figured out. Her voice picked up a menacing tone. An odd feeling came over me. I couldnt quite put my finger on it, but I knew something was wrong.
Do whatever you want, Jessie. Just remember to stay safe.
I returned to looking out of the window. Either Jessie had a death wish, or she really didnt believe in the Saints. In any case, nothing I told her was going to make any difference. She had her mind made up.
We arrived at a group of residential towers. Three huge white towers stood tall against the sky. I knew each one held beautiful and lavish condo homes. High-rise condos were the new trend in Vegas. A fenced-off area separated these gleaming white buildings from a partially built one on the same property. As we entered the main gate, a guard greeted Jessie by name. 
Wow, they know you here? Rule number one was to keep a low profile. This was a bad sign. 
Uhyeah, she stammered. Ive been coming to some parties here.
The thought of parties reminded me of Erick and the night at the club. I wondered if she was tossing bodies in the construction site next door. 
Jessie drove past the guard, heading towards the parking garage. There are plenty of anonymous strangers and enough alcohol to keep people from remembering what happens to them, she said arrogantly. Just dont kill them.
Party or no party, I still found it odd that we would be hunting inside a residential high-rise tower. This went against everything Lysander had tried to teach me about lying low and not drawing attention to myself.
Maybe it was a good thing she didnt plan on staying with the clan.
Jessie led the way inside and we soon reached the elevators. She pressed the topmost button, sending us to the penthouse floor.
Intuition nagged at me. This situation was fishy. Something was up. I tried to think of an excuse to back out of this. Id rather starve than risk exposure.
Trust me, Lyss, this is going to be great. There was a mocking note in her voice. I felt anticipation rising inside of her. 
Panic took me. I had a sudden realization. Rozaline had spoken of Kallistos coven in association with a high-rise tower on the north end of the Strip.
We reached the top and the elevator dinged, announcing our arrival. A large man with stunning blue-gray eyes greeted us. I knew before he said anything. I had been betrayed. Jessie had led me right to Kallisto.
Here she is! Jessie exclaimed. 
Wonderful. The large man motioned for me to exit the elevator. This way, please.
My stomach sank. My heart thundered in my chest. I frantically scanned the area, searching for some way to escape. 
The large vampire grabbed my arm to escort me. His fingers bit into my skin as he jerked me toward him. I looked over my shoulder to see the doors of the elevator close, sealing my fate. 
We headed to the main entrance of Kallistos penthouse. I tried to gulp down my anxiety. Two blonde women greeted us in the foyer. They escorted Jessie down a long hallway. She smiled and waved as she left me. 
The large vampire led me into a large, dimly-lit room. I was momentarily shocked by the opulence of this coven house. Kallistos coven was as lavish as I had imagined it. 
Beautifully dressed men and woman sat atop couches and chaise lounges randomly situated throughout the room. Columns held up the high ceiling and provided small breaks in the large space. The walls were decorated with large paintings that would have been appropriate in a museum. Upbeat music played in the background, and men and women chatted amongst themselves, engrossed in different conversations. 
I paused for a moment, taking in my surroundings while trying to find an escape point.
A marble-framed fireplace had been built into the far left side wall; its gas-fed flames cast dancing shadows across the room. 
A small, unused modern kitchen took up a corner of the large space. Small or not, it was still larger than what Id had in my apartment. Sandy-colored granite-topped counters and shiny stainless steel appliances added to the rich feel of it. I understood why some preferred the life of a large coven. It certainly had some perks.
I tried to gulp down my fear as my escort pushed me forward. There had to be a way out of here.
Chatter amongst the men and women stopped briefly as I walked by. 
A large but simple patio comprised of a slab of concrete and a half-wall was clearly visible through two glass French doors.
Could I get away through there? Maybe the balconies are close enough to jump to the next one. What would happen if I tried to jump to the ground?
My escort pushed me toward the open patio doors. I felt eyes watching me as I was led outside toward two figures standing by the wall. 
Edmond was one of them. Even with his back to me, I recognized his dark, neatly tied ponytail. Dressed in another ultra-modern white suit, he stood next to a dark-haired woman. 
Tall and slender, with long black hair that fell halfway down her back, she was elegantly dressed in a black, floor-length, sleeveless sheath dress. They turned to greet us, and I was in awe of her beauty. Her oval face was gorgeous; she had a slender nose and stunning blue-gray eyes surrounded by thick, dark lashes and shaded by perfectly arched eyebrows. Her hair fell like a cloak around her back and shoulders, and as she turned to greet me, I caught a glimpse of fangs peeking out from behind full, pouty lips.
Edmond looked at me contemptuously. It would appear your plan has worked, mis
Silence, Edmond, Kallisto snapped. Let me greet our guest. 
Edmond let out an impatient sigh. 
This must be the beautiful, Alyssa. Her voice was thick, deep, and seductive. It carried an accent that I couldnt quite identify. There was aged quality to her voice that seemed odd in contrast with her youthful appearance. 
Welcome to my home, child. She opened her arms to receive me in a welcoming embrace.
I didnt move. I tried to gulp down the fear that threatened to paralyze me. How do I respond to this?
A moment passed; she lowered her arms and narrowed her eyes, giving me a disapproving look. With a wave of her hand, she dismissed the gentleman who had brought me to her, and signaled for him to close the patio doors behind him.
You are bold, little one, but I will allow you this one little indiscretion. You have not been properly taught respect.
I cant believe I am here standing in front of her. Why did I leave the house? Why did I follow Jessie here? 
Kallisto continued. I am your queen, and you will soon learn to treat me with the respect I deserve. I am the reason you stand here before me today. I am Kallisto.
No introduction needed, lady. I know exactly who you are. Im so screwed! Lysanders been trying so hard to keep me away from her, and I had to go walking right into her lair. God, I am so dumb. My apologies, Kallisto. I lowered my head and eyes in a standing bow. 
I felt Edmonds eyes on me, sizing me up as he had the first night we met in the parking garage.
Wonder what happened to Jessie. 
Kallisto smiled widely again, showing her teeth behind those big, pouty lips. Do not worry about Jessie. She is receiving her reward for delivering you to us. You will see her soon enough.
Shit, shes reading my mind. Okay, empty thoughts.
Kallisto motioned for me to come closer to her. Youre a special case, my child. You were brought into this completely unaware of the rules and laws of our kind. It is so sad that a beauty like yourself is an illegitimate child.
She reached out and slowly stroked my hair; twisting a few strands between her fingers, then frowned as if I had not passed her silent test.
We generally do not tolerate bastards, she said coldly. Could you imagine what the world would be like if we decided to fill it with our kind?
I didnt know how to respond. I entertained the idea of jumping from the balcony. I wanted to get away, far away. 
Kallisto continued before I could think of a decent response. There must be order, and children should be carefully chosen. Not everyone is worthy of immortality.
Was she informing me of my death sentence, or offering me some kind of second chance? 
I thought of Lysander, and wondered if this was what had happened to all of his other children. I looked over the edge of the wall, down at the city below. I saw the Las Vegas Hilton and its huge sign. Behind it was the east side of the Las Vegas valley, a beautiful sea of lights. 
Would I survive the fall if I jumped?
Kallisto cackled behind me. Do you think jumping would save you?
I shook my head and let out a defeated sigh. What do you plan to do with me? My voice cracked as I spoke, giving away my nervousness. 
Your fate will be decided soon, my dear. Before that can happen, we must bring your maker to justice. Your assistance in this matter will sway the final decision.
My stomach sank. She couldnt expect me to go against Lysander or my friends. 
I looked at Edmond, who remained silent. His eyes had not left me, nor did he flinch as I looked him in the face. Our eyes met, and again I felt an odd sensation, as if he was searching me. I remembered what Rozaline told me and quickly broke eye contact, returning my focus back to Kallisto.
What would you have me do? Maybe I can stall for time. Ive got to do something. 
Nothing yet, my dear. I want you to meet your new family first. See the life you could have, if youre obedient. Lysanders time will come soon enough.
Kallisto held out her arms, signaling me to come closer and embrace her, renewing the offer she had made the moment she met me. I responded this time, placing my arms around her and leaning my head into her chest. I cringed as she patted me on the head and stroked my long hair.I think you will do well, my child; but now, let us dress you and present you properly to your new family. There will be plenty of time to deal with your maker.
She released me and waved at the glass doors. Immediately they opened, and a handsome man came out and bowed low to Kallisto.
Take Alyssa; prepare her and see to her initiation. Return her to me when youre finished.
Kallisto pushed me toward the man now getting up from his bow. He was gorgeous. It seemed all the members of Kallistos coven were chosen for their beauty. Men and woman alike were all prime specimens of humanity before they were turned. This man was definitely no exception to the rule. He had broad, muscular shoulders, a strong jaw line, and gorgeous waves of sandy blond hair dusting the tops of his eyebrows. He offered his arm to me and introduced himself as Collin. Then he guided me back through the living room and into a large bathroom.
Just like the living room, the bathroom was cavernous. Almost every surface from the floor to the countertops was marble. A large tub with jets sat in the left corner. Next to it stood a steam shower with benches built for two. The opposite wall was entirely devoted to vanity and sink space with large, decorative light fixtures. At the far corner was a water closet and another entrance to the bath. At the center of the floor was a beautiful teak bench, running almost the entire length of the room.
I would be honored to bathe you now, miss, Collin said with a wide grin.
I blushed at the thought of this handsomebut strangeman bathing me. 
Umm... I struggled with what to say. Okay, I guess. This was odd.
Collin guided me to the teak bench. He knelt down and reached for the button of my pants.
Whoa, whoa, I can do that. I batted at his hands.
Please, miss. He looked at me with questioning eyes. It is my honor to attend to you tonight.
ReallyumI dont need all of this attention. I stood there half in shock, but a little intrigued. 
All new children must be prepared before we turn them. I know you have already been changed, but Kallisto wants me to treat you as if you were still human. You will be initiated, just as we would any other mortal.
Initiated, huh? I smiled, removing my hands from my pants, and allowed Collin to undress me. He caressed my legs as he pulled the pants down, sending a shiver up my spine. 
As he moved back up, his hands slid under my shirt, tickling my skin with soft fingers. Goose-flesh erupted all over my body. He smiled seductively and pulled the shirt over my head.
I felt nervous and exposed. My hands instinctively moved to cover my breasts. 
He turned around and drew a bath in the large tub. 
Collin removed his shirt, revealing his well-defined abs and muscular chest. He turned to the side and caught me admiring his figure. He flexed his arms and chest while giving me a wicked smile.
Heat rose to my face. I bit my lip, accidentally drawing blood, and nervously looked away.
We are all chosen for our beauty, he said, his voice echoing off the marble-tiled walls. You should not be shy for appreciating it. You, too, are beautiful enough for our coven. I will take great pleasure in attending to you tonight.
He removed his pants and underwear, revealing a well-groomed patch of curly hair and his obvious arousal. He stood for a moment, giving me an eyeful of his endowments before tossing aside his garments and turning to test the water that had been filling in the tub. 
He was quite a sight, a beautiful specimen of naked man. A wicked little smile crossed my lips. 
He turned off the water and waved at me to enter the tub with him. Hed filled the hot water with wonderfully scented oils. I sat down and leaned my head back against the rim. The heat of the water stung my skin at first. It took a moment before I warmed to match the temperature. 
The tub was large enough to accommodate three people easily. It had a triangular shape and three seats with jets. Collin got in after me and picked out a soap and sponge. The perfume from the oils was heavenly: a beautiful, clean fragrance that reminded me of ocean spray and sitting on the coast at night. 
Please, relax while I clean you, he whispered, positioning himself at my knees. 
Yeah, relax. Thats easy for you to say. What exactly do you have planned for me?
Nothing more than you wish to happen, Alyssa. His voice was soothing and hypnotic. He stared into my eyes and for a moment I felt that familiar dizzy sensation.
It took all the concentration I had to shut my eyes before he could take control of my mind.
I heard an impatient sigh from Collin; then I felt the sponge drizzling water down my neck and chest. He rubbed lightly on my breasts, tickling the nipples as he worked the sponge in circular motions. Slowly, he worked his way down to my navel and below. Arousal melted my thoughts as he brought the sponge between my legs. But Collin wasnt the object of my desire. I wished he were here with me right now. 
My lips parted as I let out a peaceful sigh. The smooth pillows of Collins lips pressed gently against mine. It startled me and I jerked my head to the side.
Sorry, no, I-I-I cant I stammered.
Perhaps another time, then. I heard disappointment in his voice, but he didnt stop washing me. He continued to glide the sponge over my body, meticulously cleaning every spot from my face down to my toes before leaving me to soak in a wonderful state of calm and enjoyment of the warm, perfumed water.
When I had soaked for long enough, Collin returned. He wrapped me in a long, fluffy white towel and guided me back into a long hallway filled with doors. I heard low moaning coming from behind one of the closed doors and wondered if it was Jessie. I cursed her name. 
 I bet shes in there screwing some beautiful man as a reward for bringing me in.
Collin guided me slowly to the last door, pushing it open with his free hand. Inside were racks of clothes lining the walls; a row of four vanity mirrors stood in the center of the room.
This is our closet, Alyssa. 
My eyes widened in awe of all of the beautiful clothing hanging all around me. Collin disappeared momentarily, allowing me to take in all the treasures of the room. 
Kallistos coven had one thing going for them. 
Upon his return, I was given a basic black silk kimono robe with a red sash to wear, a disappointment after viewing all of the beautiful clothes around me. 
You will have plenty of time for these things later, Collin said, noting my disappointment.
Why is she making me a member of the coven? I asked. 
Do you not wish to join us?
Iuh...yeah, I do. I just dont understand why she is so willing to accept me.
I focused my thoughts, trying to block out my mind so he would not be able to read me. 
I have already told you, Alyssa, youre considered beautiful enough to join our ranks. You should feel special.
Hopefully, my mental block was working. I decided not to press the issue further. There was no use questioning Collin; he was just a servant to Kallisto, and I wasnt going to get any real answers out of him. 
Thanks, I said. I smiled and let him help me into the robe. He clipped my hair above my neck and ushered me out into the hallway again. I felt more naked in the robe than I had being led down the hallway in the towel. 
The rest of the coven has been gathered in the great room. Are you ready to be initiated? he said with a hint of excitement in his voice.
Sure, I said weakly. Were they really going to do the whole turning thing again?
Just relax, and it will be over soon. You already went through the tough part when you were turned, he said. 
What else were they going to do? 
When we are done, you will be brought before Kallisto for an inspection.
Okay. I sighed. Great. 
Collin guided me to the open living space. Couches and chaise lounges were now filled with members of the coven waiting to begin the initiation process. I felt all of their eyes watching me. Collin brought me to the center of the room and told me to sit on an ottoman placed in front of the waiting crowd. 
He placed his hands on my shoulders as he stood behind me. 
My brothers and sisters, welcome. I present to you Alyssa, who will be initiated into our order. Collins voice echoed in the silent room. 
I felt a mix of anticipation and excitement from the members of the coven as they stared at me.
We will re-baptize her in our blood and wash away the foul stench of mortality. May the gods of old grant her transcendence above the mortals she once called brothers.
He placed his hand on the top of my head and gently leaned it to the left as he bent down and bit into my neck. His teeth felt rough as they pierced my skin. Weakness settled into my limbs as Collin quickly drained my blood. His mouth was like a vacuum on my neck. He cradled my head in his hands as I lost the ability to move it. I felt dizzy and heavy, losing all ability to hold myself upright. I slumped into Collins body. 
My thoughts turned again to Lysander, remembering how it had been when he had turned me, the tranquility as he gently drained me. Collin wasnt being so kind. My vision went dark, just as it had before.
Finally, he released me, letting my body rest against his. 
A familiar tingle filled my mouth and instinctively I suckled at it, drawing it into me. Immediately, I felt the regenerating effects. I became aware of people queuing up behind me. The members of the coven were lining up to feed on me and share their blood with me. 
The initiation went on for what felt like hours. Each member of the coven drained my blood, and before I was too weak to move, returned that blood back to me by allowing me to feed on his or her blood. 

***

When they had all finished with me, I was left lying on the cold marble floor. My head was spinning from all the powerful blood I had been allowed to drink. I was paralyzed in a euphoric state. I could feel sensations all around me. Emotions swam in my head: excitement, fear, lust. 
I felt powerful and out of control.
Collin remained by my side as I lay sprawled on the floor. I tried to lift my head, but my disorientation caused it to come crashing down with a painful thud. 
You have done well, Alyssa, he said cheerfully. Try not to move yet. It might take a few moments for you to regain control.
He lifted my arms and slipped something silky down my skin. Chancing another painful head slam, I moved to see what he was doing. 
He slipped my arm through one sleeve of the robe; gently pulling me up, he grabbed my other arm.
How the hell did I lose my robe? 
My head slowly cleared as Collin helped me fix my robe and hair again. 
When I was finally able to get up, he guided me beyond the main common room to a den behind the kitchen. Kallisto had created a private throne room there; she sat at the end of the room upon a very tall, cushy, white chair. Edmond stood just behind her, his left arm resting at the top of the high-backed chair. 
Collin presented me and bowed low to Kallisto, motioning for me to do the same. I lowered my head and my eyes, looking at the floor. 
Alyssa. Please come join me, my dear. 
I obeyed and walked to Kallistos fancy chair. 
How do you like my coven? she asked.
It isnice, Kallisto.
From now on, you will address me as mistress.
Okay.
Okay, what?
M-is-tress. Wow, really? She wants me to call her mistress now?
My coven is just nice, is it? It doesnt sound to me like you really appreciate all that I can offer you. Perhaps I dont need to keep you around, then.
Play nice. Lay it on thick. Oh, no, mistress, it is beyond words. Im just tongue tied. It is sowonderful here. I hope shes buying this.
I could tell by the scowling look on her face that she wasnt impressed. I wasnt sure I was capable of blocking my mind well enough to keep her out of my true thoughts. 
I think I must impress upon you the gravity of this situation. We do not tolerate bastards. Youre being given a special opportunity. She waved a hand at her guard, and a moment later, three people came into the room. I recognized one immediately. Jessie! She appeared to have been beaten quite terribly. Her eyes were puffy and splatters of blood covered her clothes. She wasnt standing on her own. She hung limply from the arms of her escort, barely conscious. The other two people, a pair of blond women who must have been twins, dropped her onto the ground at Kallistos feet.
This little one here is a bastard. Kallisto sneered and pointed a perfectly manicured red nail at Jessie. She was not born of this coven. She was given the chance to join us, as you were, but she did not prove herself worthy. Be warned, Alyssa, my tolerance is very thin.
You said I could join you, Jessie gurgled, crawling to Kallistos feet, if I did what you asked. I brought her to you. 
Jessies pleas fell on deaf ears. Kallisto kicked hard, knocking Jessie backward onto the floor.
Take her back to his house and drop her on the doorstep, Kallisto commanded. 
No! Jessie screamed. I did what you asked. Please, no!
If you had done what I had asked, you would have brought them both here. Now, go, and dont forget to tell Lysander where his precious little Alyssa is. We will be waiting for him and his little band of misfits. 
With another wave of Kallistos hand, the two women picked up Jessie, turned, and carried her out of the room. Jessies cries echoed through the penthouse as they left.
You see, its best to stay in my good graces. Her voice softened. Now, youre almost done with your initiation, my child. Kallistos words sent chills down my spine. I only have one request of you, and I will grant you pardon from your makers crime. Then you can become a full member of my coven.
She stared into my eyes. I felt her peering into my soul as she spoke to me. I tried to remain calm, clearing my mind. I knew Kallisto could read whatever I was thinking, even if I tried to block her out. I had to keep my mind clear. Still, I wondered what else she had in store for me and for Lysander.
What is your request, KallistoI mean, Mistress? I asked timidly.
When Lysander comes to claim you with his little band of wanderers, we will destroy them. I want your help with this. Do I have your allegiance?
My heart sank as I imagined watching Lysander and the others being put to death. 
I hoped Jessies message would not get to them and they would assume I was dead. I couldnt bear the thought of seeing any of them die. 
Kallisto wasnt happy with my lack of response. An angry scowl wrinkled her perfect mouth. She didnt tolerate insubordination. 
You will do this, Alyssa, or you will die. I have no use for you otherwise, and it will mean nothing to destroy you. Do not take my generosity lightly. I offer you life or death. You decide.
Kallistos face told me she would require an answer soon or she would kill me herself.
Why? 
An evil, toothy grin crossed Kallistos face. She looked like a madwoman.
Lysander will suffer for his sins against me. What better way to suffer than to have the things you love stolen away from you and turned against you? What better insult than to be destroyed by the thing you create? There is no victory for me in simply destroying him like a dog. He needs to suffer as he dies, and he willas you will be the one to kill him.
I couldnt speak. A tear streamed down my face as Kallisto cackled madly. 
I cant kill Lysander. I wont! 
Kallisto knew this and was punishing us both, enjoying the mental anguish I was going through. 
She waved me off, sending me out of her sight. Your test will come. Perhaps you need time to think on what you will do. Remember, Alyssa, life or death.
Collin escorted me back down the long hallway, opening up a door just after the bath. This was a closet-sized room in comparison to the other rooms in the house. There was a simple, twin-sized bed and a table with a lamp. A small, square window offered a view outside. 
You will sleep here today, Collin told me as he pushed me inside. I will be back to get you in the evening. He quickly locked the door behind me.

CHAPTER 21
* * * * *

A sliver of pink edged the horizon. My eyes were wide as I stared out of the small window. 
Dawn was approaching.
A wave of fear struck me. There were no coverings on this window. There was no place to hide in this tiny closet of a room. The sun would be up soon. I had not yet experienced sunlight on my newly immortal skin, but Id been well warned that burns would occur rather quickly.
How long can I stand to be in direct light? Can I cover myself with sheets? How badly am I going to burn? This is some cruel joke. Kallisto must have planned this. Shes probably sitting right outside of this door, waiting to hear my screams. 
Just as the thoughts entered my mind, a buzzing noise sounded in the room and shutters descended slowly from the ceiling. 
I breathed a sigh of relief as they covered the window, completely blocking out the early rays of morning light. The only light left in the room was the fluorescent glow of the bedside lamp. 
My clothes had been left in a pile on the floor. I changed out of my robe before collapsing on the bed. 
The tiny room that was my prison did indeed remind me of a cell. No pictures, no fancy furnishings like the rest of the penthouse; just the bed, nightstand, and lamp. I cursed myself for being so stupid. 
I shouldnt be here. Intuition told me something was wrong with Jessie, but I blindly followed her as she led me straight into the hands of Kallisto. I wonder if Jessie delivered her message. 
I knew Lysander would be horrified to know what happened, and I had no doubts Jessie would be destroyed after her message was delivered. 
Would Lysander do it himself? Would he rip her limb from limb, or bleed her dry? Would the Peregrinus try to stop him?
I bit my lip, hoping the pain might help hold back the emotions threatening to explode within me; anger, fear, sadness, and regret all came rushing to the surface.
How long will Kallisto keep me here? There has to be some way to escape. I cantI wontharm Lysander. She has to know this. 
I remembered the look of agony in Lysanders eyes when he told me I didnt need to know the details of what had happened to his other children.
Was this how it happened to them? Will he come and try to rescue me?
I heard footsteps and the sounds of others outside of my door. Members of the coven must have been making their way to their rooms for the mornings sleep. Had I not been so trusting, I too would be sleeping now, but in the comfort of Lysanders bed. 
Tears welled in my eyes, spilling over and streaming down my face. I thought of Lysander holding me. He promised me he would not lose me. He should have been the one to go hunt with me. He should have known better. Why hadnt he been able to sense that Jessie could not be trusted?
I shoved my face into the pillow to stifle the sounds of my sobs. I wished I was home with him and the rest of the clan. 
In my heart, I knew he would not leave me here. Kallisto knew this, too. She was counting on it. That was the only reason I was being kept alive. She had no other need of me. Kallisto knew Lysander would come, and then, she would take her revenge.
If he didnt come, Kallisto would have me destroyed anyway. Her generosity was no more than a trap for us both. 
Bloodstained tears soaked the pillow. Mentally, I said my goodbyes to Rozaline and Nicholas, Crystal and Drew, and Damon. If the Peregrinus kept to the plan, everyone should be gone soon, leaving town at dusk. I prayed Lysander would be with them, and that Kallistos rage and my death would be quick.

***

It was some time before I ran out of tears. Pulling my head from the pillow, I saw the ugly brownish stains the tears had left behind. I wiped off my face, sniffling and trying to compose myself.
I cant just sit here crying. I need to find a way out of this place. 
A faint whispering outside my door caught my attention. Someone was talking, but I couldnt quite make out what was being said.
Slowly, I crept out of bed, got dressed, and made my way over to the door. I cursed softly as my shoes squeaked against the polished marble floor. I cringed, thinking the sound might have given away my sneaky intentions, but the mumbling continued. Kneeling on the ground, I placed my ear against the door.
confirmed that the rumors are true, a mans voice whispered in a thick French accent.
I leaned as close to the door as I could, hoping to hear the speaker better.
A womans voice spoke this time. Is everything in order for our departure? I recognized the unusually accented voice of Kallisto.
Of course, Mistress. We shall depart as soon as youre ready. 
Excellent. I will leave before midday.
What of the rest of the coven? 
Leave them. Kallistos words were cold as ice.
But, mistress, the man protested. They are your children.
And if the Saints come and find this penthouse empty, they will continue to hunt us down. Do you want that?
No, mistress. I
Of course. With all the activity this evening, I had forgotten about the Saints. I should have expected she would know of them. If Nicholas could gather that information from a television newscast, surely the coven would have the same information and know they were in town.
The others will sacrifice themselves, Kallisto said. You will bring only my guard.
Mistress, could we not spare a few more? 
We can make more, Kallisto snapped. If youre so concerned, Edmond, stay with them, and you can all greet the Saints together.
I didnt mean to
I tire of your attempts to go against my will, Edmond. I am the ruler of this coven, and you will do well to remember your place.
I could only imagine the angry expression that must have been on Kallistos face. By the sound of it, Edmond was quickly losing favor with her.
Mistress, he pleaded. I only suggest what is best for the cov
Enough, she snapped. Ive tolerated enough of your insubordination. Kallistos voice rose sharply. You have not yet been forgiven for failing to bring Lysander here yourself.
Panic laced Edmonds words. Mistress, I... He is much stronger than I was being diplomatic I warned him of his crimes 
Youre pathetic and weak, Edmond. I should have you replaced.
She really is a piece of work. I snickered. I could imagine the bowing and scraping that Edmond would be doing. 
Mistress, I am sorry, I only thought
You should have brought him to me as I ordered. This business about thirty nights was a ridiculous waste of my time. If you couldnt bring him in yourself, you should have had someone else do it. Did you not see how easily I brought in his pet? Now Lysander will be forced to come to us.
Mistress, I promise, I will not disappoint you again.
From now on, you will follow my orders to the letter. Remember, youre nothing without me. Is this clear?
Yes, my Mistress. Edmonds voice was a low whisper. Please accept my most sincere apologies.
You had better not fail me. Youre fast becoming useless. I can easily have you replaced.
I will have the car set up immediately for your departure.
Good.
If I may ask one more question? His voice trailed away, muffled by the echo of his footsteps. What shall I do about the girl?
I pressed my ear harder to the door, trying to make out the words as they walked further away, but it was no use. The penthouse was silent again. 
Its now or never. I have to get out of here.
I reached up to the knob of the door, turning it slightly. 
Damn, its locked. 
I reared back and thrust my shoulder into the door with as much strength as I could muster. A loud thud sounded as I collided with the door, but it didnt budge. 
Ouc! Damn, that hurts! 
Pain radiated through my shoulder. 
So much for brute force. Guess Im not as strong as I thought. What the hell is this door made of, some kind of reinforced wood?
Pressing my ear to the door again, I listened for any signs of the coven. The penthouse was still quiet. 
Kallisto probably expected me to try an escape. Im sure this room is well sealed. 
I made my way back to the bed, collapsing on it and staring up at the blank white ceiling.
What the hell am I going to do?
Death was certain if the Saints were coming. 
I remembered what Lysander told me about the Saints. They attacked during the day, since that was when we were weakest. The Saints game plan seemed almost too perfect. Horrible burns and blinding light kept us at bay and allowed them to corner us in our homes and cut us down one by one. Those that did manage to escape the daytime slaughter would be followed and hunted down by Santinos group.
I imagined what it would be like. Death was imminent. I was trapped and there was no escape. I no longer had the tears left to cry for the impending loss of my life.
At least, Lysander and the clan would be spared. He wouldnt come to the coven house with the threat of the Acta Sanctorum out there. 

***

I lay in bed, silently awaiting my fate. Occasionally, I heard shuffling past my door, making me think the Saints had arrived. An hour passed, maybe two. Id lost track of the time as I fell in and out of consciousness. My body wanted rest, but my mind raced with anxiety. 
Keys jingled a moment before my door burst open, slamming into the wall. I shot straight up as a figure entered the room. A blob of black fabric flew through the air, hitting my chest before crumpling to the floor.
What the hell?
Put these on, a muffled male voice shouted.
I was momentarily stunned, thinking I was about to die, when I realized the blob at my feet was clothing. 
Who are you? I asked, as I cautiously pulled on the thick sweater and hooded jacket that had been tossed to me.
No time to talk. Take these, too. He held out a pair of sunglasses. 
Taking the glasses, I chanced a look at the stranger, but couldnt see past his black ski mask. It concealed his identity, leaving only his blue-gray eyes visible. 
What is going on? Who are you? I asked, reaching out toward the mask. 
He snatched my wrist in a tight, painful grip. I winced in pain, biting my lip to stifle a cry.
Dont touch me, he barked. Do as youre told. Finish getting dressed. 
He released my hand and I recoiled, falling backward on the bed.
I quickly finished dressing, and the masked man ushered me out the door.
Be quiet and do as youre told, he commanded.
His voice sounded so familiar, but who was he?
I kept quick pace with my escort, down the long hallway, into the foyer, and out of the front door. We rounded the corner to the elevators. 
I saw the glow before we had reached it. A wall of windows illuminated the waiting area for the elevators. My hands instinctively rose to shield my eyes. The sunglasses seemed to have no effect. Intense, blinding sunlight filled the hallway, stinging my eyes and face as we approached. I pulled my hood over my head as far as it could go, covering my face, and still it wasnt enough. 
The heat from the light felt like flames licking my skin. My hands throbbed in pain, soaking up the light as I shielded my face. 
I collapsed to the ground, turning my back to the light, my face and hands stinging with pain. 
Get up, the harsh male voice ordered. 
It burns, I cant
Get up, he barked again.
I slowly rose to my feet, keeping my back to the windows. Even turned away from the direct source of light, I could still feel the heat all around me. 
I have to get out of this. 
I took a quick step back toward the penthouse, but a hand caught me, whipping me back around.
Please, no! I have to get away, I yelled.
Another hand reached to cover my mouth.
Wait here, or go back there and die, The man whispered into my ear. Whatever you choose, keep quiet!
I nodded, closing my eyes to the blinding light ahead of me.
Waiting for the elevator to arrive at the topmost floor took an eternity. I felt as if my flesh would melt away from my bones before the elevator could arrive.
The blessed ding sounded and the doors parted, allowing us to retreat into the dim, fluorescent-lit cave that was the elevator. I praised the builder for choosing to leave this elevator fully enclosed. My red, stinging hands throbbed. I watched them pulsing as my immortal skin tried to heal itself. The ride down to the garage was too short and soon we were back in the open and exposed again to direct sunlight. 
Once the doors parted, light flooded in from all directions, blinding me. In my disorientation I stumbled, smashing into a wall. My sunglasses fell to the ground and the brightness intensified. It washed out everything, leaving a white haze inches from my face. The heat licked at my skin, stinging me as I reached out, trying to feel my way around to find my lost sunglasses.
An arm grabbed me, jerking me over to a van parked at the curb. Its back doors sat open waiting for us to get inside. I quickly hopped in, followed by my escort. 
The van was already filled with others dressed in the same funny manner as I had been. There was a sheet pinned up behind the driver and passenger seats blocking the light from the front windows. The doors closed and I breathed a sigh of relief, welcoming the darkness. 
The van lurched forward as it pulled out of the garage. I reached above my head to pull my hood down, and a hand caught my wrist.
Leave it until we reach the safe house, the muffled voice said.
Safe house, I thought to myself. Who are these people? After hearing Kallistos complete lack of care for her own children, I couldnt believe that that she would be responsible for sending me to a safe house, and I didnt think Lysander could have come to my rescue this soon. I sat quietly, trying to figure out the identity of my rescuer. 
The van tilted from side to side as it moved through the streets of Las Vegas. We all rode in silence; no one seemed willing to speak. I sensed the anxiety and fear coming from many of the hooded figures I was riding with. The danger of our daytime ride weighed heavy on all of their minds.
After a long drive, we finally came to a stop. I heard the sound of a garage door closing outside, and there was a quick, patterned rapping at the back of the van before the doors parted.
I breathed a sigh of relief at seeing the dimly lit garage. Pulling the hood off my head, I broke the silence. 
Where the hell are we? I asked. 
I only heard mumbling from the other inhabitants of the van as we filed out one by one.
A safe house. A man spoke, pulling off his ski mask and revealing himself to be Edmond. 
Edmond? What? Why did he bring me here?
My eyes were wide with amazement. I had not thought anyone from Kallistos coven would think to save me from the Saints. I had assumed I would be left to die with the coven as Kallisto had said earlier.
No doubt youre aware of the Acta Sanctorum, said Edmond, addressing the inhabitants of the van as he tied his hair back into a neat ponytail.
I nodded, as did the others, who were now removing their coverings.
They will attack the coven house before nightfall.
The others from the van were clearly shocked by this news. It appeared that not everyone knew about the Saints arrival in Vegas. Those just now pulling off their masks, sunglasses, and hoods revealed horrified faces. It seemed that the mere mention of the Acta Sanctorum drove fear into the heart of every immortal.
What about the others? a voice from the crowd asked.
They are gone, and you will not think on them again. Edmonds voice was strong and commanding, though the look in his eyes said otherwise. 
Hmm. It really does seem to be bothering him that he couldnt save the others. 
Your mistress, he continued, has chosen you to continue on with the coven. You should be honored you were spared.
I felt the anger around me, but no one spoke any challenge to Edmonds words. 
We entered the darkened house. It had the appearance of being recently vacated by its human owners. As we passed through the kitchen on the way to the living room, I could see food-speckled dishes still soaking in the sink and smell the scent of rotting garbage leaking out of a lidded trash can. The windows and doorways had been hastily covered with bed sheets and blankets to block out the light, giving the home a cave-like appearance. 
Edmond retreated to the hallway, telling us to settle down in the living room until nightfall. Although tired from lack of sleep, I couldnt immediately shut my eyes. I found a spot just below the couch and curled myself into a ball. My mind ran amok, replaying all of the events in the last two weeks that had brought me here. 
Why had I been spared? 


CHAPTER 22
* * * * *

The familiar Action News theme music played in the background as my eyes slowly opened and focused on the ceiling. The room was dim, lit only by the TV and a small lamp. I watched the shadows on the ceiling dancing to and fro with the music. 
For a brief moment, I thought I was back in Lysanders home and had dreamed the whole Kallisto encounter, but as I stretched and looked around the room, reality hit me. This wasnt Lysanders living room, and it was not Nicholas watching the evening news. My eyes met hers as I glanced up towards the couch. 
I was still with Kallisto. 
The anchorwoman spoke in the background and my attention was momentarily drawn to the TV.
continuing coverage on what the fire department is calling the worst high-rise fire in Las Vegas history. From our sky-cam shots, you can see the top floor, which previously housed two lavish penthouses, engulfed in flames. A call was placed to 911 at approximately 5 p.m. this evening when someone spotted smoke rising from the top of tower three. Sources say the cause of the fire is still unknown, and fire crews have not been able to get the flames under control, due to the height of the buildings and a mysterious fire sprinkler malfunction. The flames were allowed to spread unchecked for least an hour before fire crews were able to get the sprinkler system running again. It is unknown if the inhabitants of the penthouses were able to make it out of the building before it was too late.
I saw with horror the charred top of the building I had been in only a few hours earlier. The helicopter taking the video circled slowly, rotating around the burning building. A huge plume of smoke rose hundreds of feet into the sky.
I shuddered. I could have been left there. That was supposed to have been my fate. I should have died, locked in that small closet of a room. 
Others wandered into the living room, their eyes locked onto the screen. I saw the horror in their faces as they watched the scene on the TV. Kallistos lips curled into an evil smile.
I will accept your thanks and praise for sparing you this fate, she said expectantly.
The room was a mix of fear, anxiety, and anger. I knew if I felt it, Kallisto could too; no doubt she knew the thoughts of her subjects. They were mad that their family had been sacrificed, left behind to be brutally murdered by the Acta Sanctorum as they slept. 
The obedience Kallisto commanded outweighed any outrage in their hearts, and although there was anger, each person offered their thanks to Kallisto, probably fearing her retribution if they didnt. I sat still, uncertain what to do. 
Why did she bring me here? I whispered. With the coven destroyed, Lysander would assume I was dead and there would be no need for him to come after me. 
Edmond entered the room and ordered the others to their feet, giving them assignments to guard the perimeter of the house. I watched as the others scurried out of the front and back doors, leaving only the three of us in the room.
Kallisto spoke, Alyssa, I do not feel you truly appreciate that I have spared your life. Her cold eyes glared at me, expecting some response from me.
I had not expressed any thanks to her. I remained still and quiet, sitting on the floor. I realized I was angering Kallisto, but my mind was stuck on thoughts of the Acta Santorums raid on the penthouse. I turned away from her, glancing back to the TV as the news helicopter circled. A dark gray tower of smoke continued to rise into the sky. 
You let them all die, I said, my voice creaking as I tried to call up strength. I felt the anger rising in Kallisto. Why save me? I am of no use to you. 
Oh, I see. You do not wish to live with us, she asked, emphasizing the word live.
I thought for a moment, choosing my words carefully, making them sound as pleasing as possible. Of course I am grateful you spared me. My eyes remained locked on the TV. However, I wonder why youve spared me. I fear I will not be able to finish my initiation. Lysander must assume I am dead now.
She paused for a moment as her mouth formed an evil smile again, showing the tips of her teeth.
My simple little child. You thought you would get out of this so easily. Kallisto gestured for me to join her on the couch. You will still have the opportunity to prove your loyalty to me.
I obeyed, sitting on the far end of the couch. Edmond moved toward us, taking a spot in an easy chair just behind where I was sitting. 
I tried to keep my eyes on Kallisto, but my nerves got the better of me. Edmonds cold stare bore through me. He was like a guard dog, patiently waiting for an opportunity to defend his master or in this case, his mistress. I watched him out of my peripheral vision as he sat there, hands folded in his lap, patiently waiting for Kallisto to signal she was through with me. 
W-what will you have me do, then? The anxiety could be heard in my voice. I fought back a lump in my throat. I needed to keep calm.
Lysander does not think you are dead, child, she laughed. He can feel you, and I assure you, he knows youre alive.
But how? The moment the question escaped my lips I realized what she was talking about. 
The warm sensation I had always felt when Lysander was around: he must feel it, too. It was more than just an emotion. It was a beacon between us. I closed my eyes and tried to recall it, quieting the thoughts in my head. At first, there was nothing. I thought of Lysander, picturing his face and eyes. I concentrated on him, imagining he was standing right in front of me.
There it was: the warmth. It quickly pulsed like a heartbeat in my chest. I felt him as if he were standing right there next to me. Emotion welled up inside of me: fear, anger, hope, despair. I knew he was coming, and I knew it meant death for us both. 
Ah, good. You do feel it, Kallisto said mockingly. I hated that she could read my thoughts. I couldnt control my thoughts enough to block her. Fear gripped me. Kallistos trap was set, and there was nothing I could do to stop it. Each second drove the nails further into our coffins.
Hes close, you know. She closed her eyes and appeared to be silently meditating for a moment. Very close.
A tear built up in my eye as I fought back the emotions. I didnt want to show Kallisto my pain. She didnt deserve the satisfaction. I bit down hard on my lip, focusing on the immediate sting as my teeth broke the skin.
You see, we can always feel our children, Alyssa, just as they can feel us. Lysander will soon be here, and when the time comes, you will still serve your purpose.
I hate you!
I could hear Edmond chuckling behind me.
Anger and pain clouded my mind. Why do you have so much hatred for him? The words escaped my mouth before I could stop myself.
Kallistos face hardened, and her smile turned into a scowl. I knew I had hit a nerve. She was quiet for a moment, cupping her chin in her hands before speaking. 
Do you know what it is like to give everything to someone, and have them toss you aside? she hissed.
I shook my head slowly. 
Lysander was mine. I gave him everything, I made him a god among men, and how does he repay me? 
Her eyes narrowed.
He leaves me. She leaned toward me, lowering her voice and staring straight into my eyes. 
When I met Lysander, he was a simple farmer. He was nothing. Pathetic. A simple human.
Remembering the book Lysander had showed me, I thought back to the temple he described in Amfissa.
I made him, Kallisto said arrogantly. I saw the raw beauty and I preserved it in this immortal flesh. I gave him everything, anything his heart desired: riches, palatial homes, servants. I did it all for him. He was more than just my child. He was my love. We were mates, he and I, and we were meant to be together for eternity. All I ever asked of him was to worship me.
Yeah, Im sure the riches and palatial homes were all for Lysander. Does she really think I am buying this? What about Edmond? 
Edmond was still in the room listening. I looked over at him, watching his face. He sat like a statue. I saw the strain as he tried to control his emotion. His jaw was clenched tight as he stared blankly at Kallisto. 
How can she say all of this in front of him? She is a real piece of work.
Edmond made no move to leave the room. He sat there, patiently waiting for Kallisto to instruct him.
I believe he did love me in the beginning, but as time moved on, he lost interest in me and our way of life. We were gods among men and rulers of our children. We were mates, and for hundreds of years, we happily shared the rule of our family. But he changed. The years had an odd effect on him. I was no longer the object of his desire. He stopped worshipping me as his goddess. He became reclusive and disobedient. I was ignored and neglected, no longer his mistress.
Kallisto paused for a moment. Rage radiated from her. The memory of Lysander seemed to have a strong emotional hold on her.
I am still a woman, you know. The bitterness was palpable in Kallistos voice. And I will not be ignored.
I sat on the edge of my seat, waiting to hear more.
I hoped finding us a new home would change things. She regained her smooth tone. Wed stayed in one place too long. I thought the change of scenery might invigorate his spirit and renew his love for me. So, we moved to France. It was there I met Edmond.
I glanced quickly over to Edmond. A faint hint of a smile crossed his face at the mention of his name. 
He instantly took to the ways of our kind, unlike many of my children before him. He fascinated me with his lust for blood and power. Lysander took my fascination with Edmond as an insult. His reclusiveness got worse. He spent days locked away, writing and drawing, paying no attention to me. Only the administration of the coven would interrupt his hobby. He would attend to nightly business and then retreat to his private chambers. He felt Edmond was a threat to his position in our family and decided to leave us.
I cant blame him for leaving, either. 
His departure tore our family apart. He destroyed us from the inside, leaving a gaping hole where he once was. Our family was divided, fighting amongst one another. We were plagued by hunters and the Acta Sanctorum for centuries after Lysander left us. We fled from country to country, eventually ending up in London.
I looked back at Edmond, still silent in his chair. 
It was there I felt him trying to end his life with eternal sleep, Kallisto continued. I thought healing him and bringing him home would be a new chance for us and our coven. We could rebuild again to our former glory, but he wouldnt have it.
She paused again. I saw the start of a crimson tear in her eyes. She quickly wiped the moisture away before speaking. After all I have done for him, he would rather shun me than love me.
I heard an annoyed sigh behind me from Edmond.
For a moment, I felt sorry for her. Kallisto, as evil as she was, was still a woman who felt scorned and discarded. She was warped by her anger, and the desire for revenge fueled her. I wondered if it was the only thing she had to live for.
Edmond, though an obedient servant, seemed no more than that. Kallisto didnt love him. I gathered he served no real emotional purpose to Kallisto. Lysander must have always held her heart. 
But you have Edmond, I blurted out. I looked over my shoulder again. I saw Edmonds chest rise as he sat up in his seat.
Yes, of course, I have Edmond. My puppet, she retorted. I can have any man I want. That is not the point.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Edmonds chest deflate.
Ouch. That must have hurt. You dont need Lysander. You have another mate.
Edmond is not my mate, she scoffed. Oh, he wishes he were. He serves me well enough in bed, but no, he is not my mate.
Wow, did she really say that with him sitting here? I wouldnt need to look back to see Edmonds expression. I could just imagine how crushing her words would be to him.
Lysander was my mate, she growled. If he will deny me, then I will deny him. He shall suffer as he has made me suffer all these years.
But why punish others for Lysanders crimes against you? I asked.
You call my offer to you, a second chance at life, a punishment? Anger leached out with her words. 
I knew I should have chosen my words better. I had crossed the line this time.
She fixed me with a cold stare. You forget, child, youre a bastard to my coven, and under normal circumstances, you would have been put down like a dog. You should thank me for my generosity.
Kallisto glared at me as she raised herself up to her full height.
I didnt mean to say you were punishing me. I tripped over the words to get them out before Kallistos rage erupted.
Oh, I see. Hes bedded you, and now you think him your love. How sweet.
Its not that, he saved me, I cant
Spare me your emotional drivel. Your mortal life is of no concern to me. If you were meant to die, then you should have. Lysander did nothing more than condemn you by going against my wishes and turning you. Perhaps I should show you what we do with bastards. Kallisto nodded at Edmond. I saw his shadow tower over me as he rose from his seat. 
I have no need of defiant little fledglings in my coven anyway. If you cant take orders, then you are of no use to me.
No, wait, I pleaded. I didnt meanIm Crap!
Edmond pulled me backward. I looked up into his eyes, silently begging him not to do anything, but he didnt acknowledge me. 
You have exceeded the limits of my tolerance, Kallisto growled.
Panic took me. I jerked forward, but Edmond held me firm. Kallisto leaned over me, pressing her body on top of mine. Her face was a mere inch from mine, and her breath felt heavy on my face.
Please, I beg you dont. I tried to jerk out of Edmonds grip. 
Kallisto smiled widely, purposefully showing me her teeth before sinking them deep into my neck. The pinch as they broke the skin sent a shock through my body. I felt the blood leaving me as Kallisto voraciously drained the life from my body. 
My eyes rolled back. Weakness settled into my limbs. My head felt heavy. Fighting against the dizziness, I tried to keep conscious. My life flashed before my eyes: I saw my childhood, the attack on campus, Lysanders kiss, the transformation, and my baptism into the coven. 
My heart slowed; my body felt thin and deflated as it gave way, sinking into the couch. Edmond must have realized I had no strength left; he released me. I focused on the ceiling, trying desperately to fight against the weight of my heavy eyelids. I didnt want to sleep forever, to die in this place.


CHAPTER 23
* * * * *

Laying in a daze, unable to move, I fought against the weight of my eyelids, needing to keep conscious. 
Kallisto licked the blood from her lips and returned to her seat on the couch. That should keep you silent, she cackled. The sound of her laugh was muffled, but it echoed all around me. My hearing was distorted; sounds seemed to bounce off the walls.
The familiar dehydrated sensation returned to me, the burning inside my body. Hunger welled up inside me. I needed blood. I desperately tried to will myself upward, but it was no use. I couldnt move; my body was heavy and my limbs would not respond. 
You did not kill her, mistress? Edmond asked.
Not yet. Lysander needs to feel she is still alive.
Youre brilliant, my queen. Edmonds words, though in praise, sounded more rehearsed than real. His calm face showed no sign of emotion. I wondered if Kallistos recent revelation had some effect on his thoughts.
Kallisto reveled in her victory over me. No amount of will power, it seemed, could get my limbs to move. I was paralyzed and unable to defend against her taunts and advances. She wiped my wounded neck with her finger and showed it to me, waving the smeared blood in front of my face. 
I wanted to cry out, but my lips wouldnt move. I could only let out a soft whimper. 
She licked her fingers clean, moaning with pleasure as her eyes rolled back into her head. I can taste his essence in your blood. She appeared to swoon. Edmond, would you like a taste? 
Again, she wiped the blood from my neck and offered it to Edmond.
No, thank you, mistress, he responded in a low monotone.
She ignored his words, wiping blood on his lips, letting out a girlish giggle as she did it. 
I wanted to lash out in anger, but my body was heavy and unwilling to move. 
Move, damn you! Get up, do something! 
I willed my hand to move, to do something, but it would not cooperate. 
Kallisto must have recognized the struggle in my eyes. Hungry, dear? She taunted. Did you want some too?
Once more she wiped the blood from my neck, tracing it with her finger on the outside of my lips.
Enjoy, she cackled. 
Rage tore through me, but I had no way to unleash it. I needed blood to reanimate my lifeless body. I was a motionless lump, unable to perform the simple action of licking my own lips. 
A commotion outside stole Kallisto and Edmonds focus. 
Ah, here is your knight in shining armor now, Alyssa. Kallisto gloated. Her eyes lit up in anticipation. Right on time.
Shall I call your guard, mistress? Edmond asked.
I heard distant shouting and sounds of a struggle. Someone yelled. Shrieks of men sounded outside of the front window. 
Excitement showed on Kallistos face I think they already know, she said with a smirk. Let him come to me.
The sound of crashing glass filled my ears. A limp figure flew through the window, ripping off the sheet that had been used as daylight cover. The body hit the floor with a dull thud.
Kallistos and Edmonds attention was drawn to the gaping hole that had been the living room window. 
Edmond slowly bent down to inspect the lifeless body on the ground. Mistress, this one is one of ours: Collin.
Kallisto shook with rage. Go out there and bring Lysander back to me. He will pay for this.
Edmond disappeared in a rush. 
The sound of crunching glass filled the room. Kallisto looked up towards the broken window.
The expectant look on her face suddenly turned to horror. Her mouth hung open. Her eyes grew wide. I heard the footsteps of someone climbing though the broken glass. I could tell this was not someone she had expected to see. I cursed my fragile body, but was unable to move. I wanted to know who it was that could cause such fear in Kallistos eyes.
I tried hard to glimpse this character out of the corner of my eye, but it was no use. Unable to turn my head, I couldnt see who it was. 
I heard the sounds of fighting continue outside. This person, whoever it was, wasnt alone. The others who had been sent to guard the home were now undoubtedly locked in battle with whoever was audacious enough to take on Kallistos coven. 
Kallisto, I presume. At last we meet, the stranger said. 
Marked by age, his voice was new to me, not a voice I had heard before. I wracked my brain to think of who it might be. 
Terror struck me as I thought of the only person who brought fear to the hearts of most immortals. 
The Saints. Of course. It must be Santino. 
I couldnt speak it, even if my lips had been willing to move. Death was here. 
He must have had the van followed. Surely our escape had drawn some attention. It wouldnt have been hard to keep the building under surveillance, and a group of hooded people in sunglasses jumping into a darkened van had to have alerted them. 
Santino, Kallisto greeted him with a note of superiority. She raised herself to her full height as she sat defiantly on the couch.
How is it you have escaped me all these years? Santino asked.
Leave my house immediately, Saint, Kallisto hissed. 
You know as well as I do that this isnt your home, Kallisto. I can smell whats left of the poor mortals you slaughtered to acquire it.
Your reverence for those poor mortals is truly awe-inspiring, Saint, Kallisto said, her voice dripping with sarcasm.
A low bass growl rumbled from Santinos direction. I wanted desperately to see him for myself. Struggling against my failing muscles, I finally found some strength. My head moved, flopping over on its side. 
Santino Vitale came into view. Lysanders sketch didnt do him justice. He was frightening to look at. A ghostly white face scarred by battle, wrinkled and creased with age. His hair was a rats nest, a mess of gray and black hanging wildly about his face like a lions mane. Fresh blood speckled his face, and he breathed heavily with a hoarse and raspy sound. 
It does not matter how I came by this house. It is my home now, and you will leave, Kallisto demanded.
Im afraid I cant do that, Santino said calmly. Im sure you understand the nature of my visit. He reached toward his belt, unsheathing a large serrated knife. He smiled wickedly, looking up at Kallisto and flashing the blade in front of her face. A large, gold-inlaid cross was carved into the handle. Writing of some kind, a scripture perhaps, was etched into the blade. 
Kallistos eyes seemed to be focused on the large knife. After a few moments of silence, she seemed to regain her composure. You have the audacity to come here, to address meyou, who kills your own kind for sport? Her voice was hesitant. I sensed fear. She was stalling for more time. She must have been hoping her guard would come. 
Santino growled, It is not sport that drives me to my tasks, madam. It is duty. You and your kind are an abomination in the eyes of God.
What god do you speak of? Kallisto snapped. Zeus, Allah, Jupiter, Shangdi? Or do you speak in the name of some other deity? 
I speak for the one true God and His Church, Santino said proudly, his chest thrust out as he spoke.
You speak for Rome and whatever Rome tells you. Kallistos voice regained a little of its power. I knew Rome in the days of Jupiter. Did your precious Church teach you anything about its history? Let me enlighten you. The Romans stole their gods from the Greeks, then after they had altered their meanings and become tired of worshipping them, they threw them aside, choosing their new Christian deitythe one you now serve. Do not speak to me of one God. Ive lived through many. Talk to me in another thousand years and your God will have become myth, just as many others have before. Mortals have short attention spans for their deities.
Im afraid you will not be around to speak to in a thousand years, madam, Santino laughed. And Im not here to discuss your religious beliefs; however, I will send you to your maker so you can discuss it with Him. By order of the Holy Roman Catholic Church, you are
Spare me your babble, Saint, she spat at Santino.
hereby sentenced to final death. Santino ignored her protests and reached out, grabbing her arm.
Kallisto screeched as Santino pulled her down and ripped her dress, knocking her off balance.
She quickly recovered and swung her foot forward in an attempt to kick Santino. He fell backward, just out of the way of her foot, and swiped at her other leg. She fell to the ground with a thud.
The corner of Santinos mouth rose in a crooked grin. He bent down, knife at the ready. 
Kallisto pawed at Santino, grabbing a handful of his hair. She yanked his head sideways, exposing his neck. Baring her fangs, she let out a primal growl.
I cursed my weak body. I couldnt escape, even while these two were caught in battle with one another. 
They seemed very evenly matched. Santinos aged look was only a cover for the immortal energy beneath. 
In a blur, Santino stood and threw Kallisto into the wall. Drywall cracked and the whole house groaned and shook with the impact. 
She fell to the ground, stunned. 
Santino quickly mounted her. He pinned her to the ground, delivering merciless punches to her face. Blood splattered into the air; droplets landed on me as Santino pummeled her. 
Kallistos arms flailed. She clawed at his face. Get off of me, she screamed. 
Santino bared his fangs and bent down to Kallisto. She jerked and writhed under him suddenly, with strength I had not thought it possible she still had. She grasped him and sent him tumbling to the ground, crashing into the couch where I lay. 
Thankfully, no one took any notice of me, but the jolt from the impact rolled my head back, forcing me to look straight up at the ceiling.
I had no control over my body, and now I could only hear the struggle as it continued below me on the floor. Limbs flashed over my head. Yells, grunts, screeching, and moaning filled my ears. The walls shook as the two vampires continued to destroy the room in their struggle.
I wondered what would happen next. 
If Santino kills Kallisto, will he come after me? Will he chase after Edmond, thinking me dead? Are Kallistos followers still outside of the house, or have they, too, been destroyed? 
The room fell silent. Desperately, I pushed my body to move. I needed to see what was happening. I willed my muscles to work. Slowly, they contracted, allowing my head to roll. 
Santino and Kallisto came into view. Santino had again mounted Kallisto, and his head was buried in her neck. Her arms were wrapped around his body, nails digging into his clothes, slowly clawing away at his back. I sensed the weakness in her. One of her hands fell limply to the floor. She let out a feeble whimper. Then, the other hand fell. Her body shuddered, then stilled. 
Santino looked up as my head came to rest, and our eyes met.
Oh hell! 
A rush of fear took over. Id been ignored up to this point. Now Santino knew I was alive. 
Santino grabbed his large knife and cut into Kallistos neck, sawing it down to the bone. Seconds later, a loud crack sounded as he snapped the neck with his hands. 
A chill went down my spine. I knew that was the final blow. What little blood there was dripped down to the floor as he finished slicing the last strings of flesh attaching her head to her neck. 
The sweet smell of blood permeated the air, reminding me of my thirst. Small droplets of blood dripped from the severed head as Santino held it up. He made the sign of the cross and mumbled something in Latin, before tossing the head into the living room fireplace.
Sounds of struggle could still be heard outside of the house. I wondered what had happened to Edmond, if he had attempted an escape or if he was trying to locate reinforcements. 
Santino stood and walked to the fireplace. A small metal key jutted out from the wall. He turned it and a faint hissing came from within the wall. Santino mumbled again under his breath. His hand searched the surrounding wall until he found a light switch and flipped it up. Flames quickly erupted in the fireplace. The burning smell of hair and flesh immediately attacked my senses. The fire quickly engulfed the severed head. Kallisto was no more. 
Santino grunted and looked over his shoulder at me.


CHAPTER 24
* * * * *

Paralyzed, I was an easy target. Santino turned and took a step towards me.
If I could have screamed, I would have, but I made no more than a whimper. 
Looks like someone got to you first, he said in a low voice. 
I couldnt answer. I was weak; my heart couldnt even beat to match the fear I felt. I whimpered.
Please, no! Leave me alone. Go after Edmond.
He grabbed my head, moving it from side to side, examining my wounded neck. 
A man yelled outside, and the sounds of fighting suddenly stopped. Santino arched his eyebrow and turned to look over his shoulder. Silence surrounded us, and after a minute, he returned his attention to me.
Not going to be much of a fight, are you? he asked, grabbing his large knife again. Blood coated it from his recent kill. Kallistos blood. I caught the scent of it. My body cried out for it. I needed blood. I needed to live. I needed to get out of this mess. 
The sound of Kallistos neck cracking and popping as Santino snapped it echoed in my ears. I knew those sounds would soon be coming from me if I didnt somehow move. 
Santinos eyes closed. He made the sign of the cross and mumbled a prayer.
I called forth all the strength and energy I could muster. 
One final time, I willed my muscles to listen. Move, I yelled in my head. Move, damn it! But my body would not respond. I had nothing left. There would be no escape.

Santinos eyes opened. He stared down at me with disgust, as if I were a mangy animal and it was beneath him to have to put me down. His lip curled into a sneer. I shuddered beneath him. His gaze sent shivers down my spine. I knew death was imminent. 
He breathed a deep, growling breath and placed the blade to my neck. I felt its deadly weight and sharpness.
Santino! a man shouted from the broken window. 
I recognized this voice and the warm feeling that accompanied it. 
Santino turned to view this new interruption. Reaching down, he put his hands into his pockets and pulled out a small remote. Pressing it, he dropped it to the ground. It flashed back and forth from red to green, emitting no sound as it fell out of my view.
Though his body blocked most of my view, I could make out two figures standing in the window. One of the figures, a man, was struggling.
Let me go, he shrieked. 
Santino took a few steps closer to the pair, and as he moved out of my view I saw Lysander, Edmond, and the Peregrinus Clan at the window. 
A brief feeling of relief washed over me. 
What is this? Santino asked. You all come willingly to repent and meet your God?
Lysander held Edmond firmly by the arm. He stepped inside the house, pulling Edmond with him. Glass crunched under his feet. The sound was music to my ears. Surely the Peregrinus and Lysander could take on Santino, and we would all be safe. 
Still Romes lapdog, are we, Santino? Lysander growled.
I was never more happy to see a mans face than I was at that moment. Lysander looked so strong, so masculine, so powerful, standing there in front of Santino.
Lysander shoved Edmond forward, sending him crashing to the floor. He turned as if looking for an exit, but the Peregrinus clan blocked his escape. They quickly followed through the broken window. Edmond frantically scanned the room, probably looking for some way out.
As Kallistos decapitated body came into his view, a look of horror crossed Edmonds face. He fell to his knees, grasping the lifeless hand of his former mistress.
Kallisto, no! he screamed.
Santino paid no attention to Edmond. Lysander, its been a long time, he said. I knew I would find you again. Please, regale me with some witty insight. Make me see the light, as you like to say. Tell me why I should let you and your kind live.
Lysander stepped forward. My kind? You seem to forget, Santino: you are one of us too.
You will have to do better than that, Santino snapped.
Just remember, Santino, Rome condemns us all. Lysander continued to slowly step closer to Santino. His face was hard and stern as he prepared for battle.
I have no worries about my afterlife. It is you who should be considering yours, and you will meet it quite soon. Santino stood his ground. 
Lysander stopped a few inches away from him. Do you think when you finish your missiondestroying us allthey will grant you some heavenly pardon? 
The Peregrinus watched in silence, waiting for some cue to make a move.
My place in heaven is already secure. Worry about your own afterlife, said Santino.
Your guarantee to heaven is determined by whom, Santino? Some Pope who died centuries ago? 
I do Gods work. I have no fear of meeting him and accepting his praise when I am done.
You are no different than I, Santino. You think killing immortals makes you better than killing a mortal? You still end life, and your Church, no matter what they tell you, wont condone that.
I destroy evil, Santino said coldly, the first hint of emotion I had seen from him.
I know the commandments you are supposed to abide by. There is no fine print in Thou shall not kill. Go on and maintain that holier-than-thou attitude. When it is all over, Ill still see you in Hell, if thats where were meant to go.
Santino sneered, his lip rising to reveal his fangs. At least Ill have the pleasure of knowing youre there waiting to greet me. 
They stared at one another, each seeming to mentally size up his opponent. The air remained still in the house. Everyone waited for the first move to be made.
It seemed as if they were locked in a stalemate, neither one making the first move to attack the other. They continued their posturing, staring into one anothers eyes and scowling. 
Something was wrong, I sensed. Santino was taking too long to make a move. What was he waiting for?
Lysanders gaze shifted quickly from Santino to me. 
Save yourself. Something isnt right. 
His eyes narrowed in anger, then suddenly softened. I saw a hint of worry there.
Santino took the opportunity and lunged forward. Lysander fell to the ground with Santino on top of him.
No, Lysander! I moaned through motionless lips. A blurry mass of bodies wrestled on the ground in front of me. Santino let out a yelp. His body flew across the room. 
He recovered as soon as he crashed to the ground. You will have to do better than that, monster, he snarled at Lysander.
Youre as much a monster as I am, Santino. He shifted his gaze to one of the clan. Get Alyssa out of here, he yelled.
A strange noise came from outside of the house. I could make out the sounds of someone else approaching. A shadow moved around the window where Damon stood guard. Some of the others must have heard the noise, too. Crystal turned just in time to see Damons face grimace as a ball of flame shot through the broken window and enveloped him. The heat of the fireball filled the living room as Damons clothing began to burn. He turned towards the window and another fireball blasted through it.
Damon screamed in pain, falling to the floor as the flames engulfed him.
The clan members scattered to avoid the fire.
Panic struck me. I realized that a second wave of the Acta Sanctorum had arrived. 
That must have been what Santino had been waiting for. 
Damons screams filled the room as he rolled on the ground. Unfortunately, there was no saving him. 
The carpet caught fire, and it quickly spread around the room. 
More flames shot through the front window, igniting the furniture: chairs, tables, and cabinets all blackened as they burned. The Peregrinus took cover, avoiding the blaze and trying to find a way out of the burning building. 
Santino laughed as the flames encircled Lysander and himself. There is no escape, Lysander. Welcome your death.
Only if you come with me. Lysanders fists moved at blurring speed as they made contact with Santinos face. He pummeled Santino with a fierceness I had never witnessed in him before. Reflections of the flames glinted in his eyes. Santino looked as if he would be defeated, but in a move faster than my eyes could comprehend, he spun out of the way and delivered a blow to Lysanders side. 
He fell with a loud crash out of my view. 
Oh, no. Get up, Lysander. Get up!
The lifeless body of Kallisto began to singe and burn. The gross stench of burning flesh filled my nose.
Flames crawled up the side of the couch, and I felt the heat warming my skin. Being burned alive wasnt the way I had wanted to die. I didnt want to endure the slow death from the fire. 
Lysander was up again, holding a flaming piece of broken chair. He flung it across the room, and it smashed into pieces against Santinos body. 
Bone-chilling laughter erupted from Santino. Is that the best youve got? Im surprised. I expected more from an ancient like you. But I guess you are all soft like Kallisto.
Lysander growled, teeth bared, hatred painted over his face. He moved in a blur. His fists collided with Santinos face. 
Santino groaned, but didnt fall. He smiled wickedly and pulled his large knife from its sheath. Lunging forward, he plunged it straight into Lysanders chest. A dull thud sounded as they both collapsed onto the floor.
Lysander. I struggled but couldnt do more than wiggle; my body was still paralyzed. No, Lysander. You cant die. 
A hand grabbed hold of my arm. My world turned upside down as I was lifted into the air and tossed over someones shoulder. My still body hung limply. Flames licked my face from the ground and singed the ends of my hair. Someone was carrying me out. 
No, we have to go back and save him!
My savior flung me off of his shoulders to the ground. I landed hard on the grassy lawn. 
Edmond? I focused on his face, shocked that he, of all people, would risk his life to save me from the fire.
He knelt down beside me and bit his wrist. 
Drink! he ordered. 
He parted my lips and held his bleeding wrist over my mouth. Warm, thick blood drizzled down into my throat. The sweet, honey-like taste awakened my senses. My limbs reanimated, and I was quickly able to raise them and hold Edmonds wrist to my mouth. I greedily sucked, pulling the saving blood from the wound, swallowing huge gulps. 
Edmond moaned in pain, but he allowed me to drink in my fill. He made no motion to stop me, even though I was draining him of his life. His arm went limp in my hands. I released him and he collapsed to the ground. 
Why did you save me? 
Edmonds eyes appeared sunken and bruised, the white of his face exaggerated; hints of the veins underneath his skin had become more pronounced. I knew I had taken more blood from him than I should have.
Forgive me, he pleaded. I have been a monster.
I cant do that. Your fight is with Lysander. Only he can pass judgment on you.
I saw fear in his eyes as he lay weakly before me on the ground. I didnt quite know how to feel. He had saved me from the fire and from the Saints at the penthouse, but he had condemned my Lysander in the process. I pushed myself up, standing to survey the area. It felt good to have control of my limbs again. 
Sounds of the struggle with the Saints filled my ears. Looking around, I spied Crystal feeding from a motionless figure lying on the ground. I searched the grounds. A small flame could be seen at the end of a strange weapon lying a few feet from where I was standing. 
A flame thrower: perfect. These Saints really know how to choose a weapon. 
I saw Nicholas locked in a battle with another figure, who appeared to be an immortal like us. I assumed he was one of Santinos children, another Saint. Nicholas knocked the man to the ground and lunged at his neck. 
Thank goodness the Peregrinus have things under control. 
I couldnt see Rozaline or Drew. Thick, acrid smoke filled the air around us. The house was quickly succumbing to the flames.
I moved to get the abandoned weapon, but Edmond grabbed my arm.
No, you mustnt, he cautioned. Youre not strong enough.
I wont leave my friends, I yelled, jerking my arm out of his weak grasp. Im not going to let them die.
I ran to pick up the gun-like weapon and spotted Rozaline. A man had her pinned and appeared to be bending down to her neck. She writhed beneath him, struggling to get free. 
I grabbed the flamethrower and slung the backpack over my shoulder. Yelling for Rozaline to stay still, I caught the attention of her attacker. He briefly looked at me as I pulled the trigger on the gun. A stream of fire shot right at his head. He fell away from her, screeching and flailing, trying to extinguish the flames. 
My plan had worked too well; Rozaline was too close to the inferno and had caught fire. She rolled on the ground, screaming. 
No!
I spotted a hose attached to the house and rushed over to it. Turning it on, I drenched her, extinguishing the flames.
Im so sorry, I apologized, tears streaming down my face. I thought I would just hit the Saint.
I panicked. Her face and arms were badly burned. She couldnt speak; wounds covered her lips. She whimpered in pain on the ground. I remembered what Crystal said about our blood and its healing properties. I bit into my wrist, wincing as my teeth broke the skin. Blood rushed to the surface instantly. I drizzled it over her face, squeezing my arm like a wet towel, soaking her wounds. 
Her mouth opened and I placed my wrist over it, allowing her to drink.
The wounds appeared to scab over. Drew arrived and dropped to his knees before her, immediately offering his blood, too. 
I kept apologizing profusely, unable to hide my tears. I felt terrible for hurting her.
She will heal, Alyssa, Drew said. 
Im so sorry. I didnt know what else to do.
Annoyance played in Drews voice. The time for apologies is later. Right now, she needs blood.
Edmond came to join us, followed by Crystal and Nicholas. All were bloody and injured, but still alive.
What the hell happened here? Nicholas yelled, seeing his wounded mate.
Alyssa used the flamethrower against one of the Saints and Rozaline got caught in the middle, Drew answered.
Nicholas thrust me harshly out of the way, kneeling down to Rozaline. He offered her his wrist. 
Nicholas, Im
Dont speak to me, he growled.
Police sirens sounded in the distance; no doubt someone had called in this fire. Headless, mutilated, and burned corpses lay strewn about all around us. Mortal and immortal Saints alike, as well as the remainder of Kallistos coven, were all dead. 
We must quickly rid the grounds of the bodies, said Drew. 
What about Lysander? I yelled.
If hes alive, hell make his way out of the building. There is no way for you to get him now. We need to get rid of the evidence, Drew commanded.
The clan quickly rushed to gather corpses and toss them inside through the broken window. The flames sparked and popped as bodies were engulfed in the fire. 
The sounds of the sirens got closer. Lysander had still not emerged. Drew urged us to leave before the police and fire department arrived. 
I could no longer hear the sounds of the struggle inside of the house. 
Tears poured down my face. Please come out, Lysander. 
Alyssa, lets go, Drew urged.
Yes, Alyssa, we need to leave now, Crystal pleaded.
I stood paralyzed, eyes transfixed on the fire, not wanting to leave. I cant leave Lysander, I yelled. 
Someone grabbed me from behind and tossed me over his shoulder.
No! Lysander, I screamed. 


CHAPTER 25
* * * * *

Smoke filled the air; the scent of burning flesh surrounded us. I kicked, screamed, and punched as I was carried away. 
We cant leave him, I yelled.
Shut up! Nicholas growled at me.
Kallisto had chosen her safe house in a neighborhood close to the one Lysander lived in. Even as we arrived at his house, locking ourselves inside, the sirens sounded as if they were right outside the door. 
Edmond tossed me on the couch. Nicholas gently laid Rozaline out on the loveseat near me and went to turn on the TV. A helicopter flew over the top of the house as more sirens echoed in the night. 
As expected, the media had been alerted to the fire, and they interrupted local broadcasts to present this breaking news.
The helicopter circled wide above the neighborhood, broadcasting images of the burning house. 
Eyewitnesses looking for their fifteen minutes of fame threw themselves in front of news cameras to give their account of the events, calling our fight a violent gang war. 
They had flame throwers and guns and they tore that poor house apart said a middle-aged balding man.
Its those damn gang bangers, another witness said. Its not enough they do drive-bys. Now, they are committing arson right in our quiet neighborhood. Nowhere is safe anymore.
An image flashed on the screen: the house we had just been in, smoke billowing high into the sky as flames shot out of the second-story window. 
Tears poured down my face. I thought of Lysander. He had risked his life to come back and save me. 
I shoved my head into the cushions of the couch, punching my anger into them, crying. 
It is because of me that Lysander is burning alive inside of that house.
Im sorry, Lysander, I whispered.
Hes not dead, Nicholas snapped at me. He didnt look at me. He carefully tended to Rozalines wounds. Cant you feel him?
I thought about him, picturing his beautiful eyes, remembering our night together and the smile on his face as we woke in the evening. 
A warm feeling came over me. I barely recognized it at first, as I was concentrating so hard on his face, burning his features into my memory. It was him! He was alive somewhere. I felt that strange warmth, his presence.
I shot up from the couch. He is alive, I exclaimed. I feel him close. 
We know, croaked Rozaline from the loveseat next to me. She looked frightening, her face badly wounded from the flames. Nicholas tried to comfort her in her pain. 
But how could you know?
We are his children too, Nicholas growled. I could tell he was upset with me for hurting his mate. I sensed the emotions he felt. He made no attempt to hide his feelings from me.
Arent all of his children dead?
Lysander liked to keep that fact a secret, Rozaline rasped, choking the words out.
I thought back to our first meeting and my initial jealousy, remembering how Lysander had seemed so happy to see Rozaline and hung on her every word. It made sense to me now why Lysander looked on Rozaline with such caring. Not like a lover, but like a father. 
Thats why he was so willing to let them stay with us. They were loyal to him and he trusted them because they were his children. 
They could have fled the city, leaving Lysander to deal with Kallisto and the Saints. Any other immortal would have just left as soon as the Acta Sanctorum was mentioned, but they had stayed and fought next to him. 
I could see why he kept their relationship secret; he had never even written their connection into his memoirs. After Kallisto had destroyed all of his other children, he couldnt risk it. 
Why wont they go save him now?
An image of Lysander, lying helpless and hurt, barely clinging to life in that burning house, flashed in my mind. 
I looked down, seeing the pain on Rozalines face and the terrible burns she had suffered in only a few seconds of fire.
He needs help, I shouted. Shouldnt someone go after him?
There is nothing we can do now, Nicholas said.
Why did we leave him in the first place?
Anger marked Nicholass voice. Listen, Sparky, we couldnt have gone into that burning house to save him. The fire would have destroyed us, too.
We didnt have to run away, I snapped at him, shooting him an angry glare.
We couldnt provide any support against Santino from outside the house, Nicholas barked back at me.
But we didnt even try to help him. We just ran away.
We took care of the others. Regrouping here to tend to our wounded is the only choice we had left. That house is swarming with mortals, there are cameras everywhere. If were caught, we expose ourselves to more than just a few people. You know the rules against that. Lysander wouldnt have wanted us to expose ourselves to go after his corpse.
I cringed to hear Lysanders name followed by the word corpse. He will be a corpse soon if someone doesnt go help him.
Well, we cant just leave him out there now. Someone needs to go after him.
Were not going back there until those humans are gone. Were not risking exposure.
That may be too late. What if he is dying? If you wont do it, Ill go after him. Its my turn to do something. Ill go save him myself. I shot up from my seat on the couch.
No. You stay here. We have had quite enough of your heroics. Nicholas rose from his seat and walked towards the kitchen.
I felt the anger Nicholas had for me. I looked at Rozaline, seeing the pain in her face. 
I wanted to say something. It seemed Nicholas hated me for causing harm to come to her, but Rozaline didnt look on me with hatred. I had already apologized, but it didnt feel like enough. 
Im sorry for what Ive done. Please forgive me, I begged, falling to my knees at the base of the loveseat. 
I will heal. What matters is, I am alive, she said. Her raspy voice was still kind, even though I had almost killed her.
I do not deserve your patience, Rozaline.
What you did was done out of good intentions. Your methods may have been questionable, but you meant me no harm. I forgive you.
I doubt Nicholas will. He seems pretty angry.
He will get over it when I am better. He is very protective of me, just as Lysander has been protective of you.
The mention of Lysanders name caused tears to well in my eyes. Another image of Lysander flashed in my mind. I saw him slowly sinking in a dark murky pool. 
I have to go after him. Ill do it alone if no one will go with me. I shot up and walked to the door. A hand grasped my arm.
Youre really going after him, arent you? Nicholas asked.
Yes. Let me go! I yanked my arm from his grasp.
And what do you plan to do if a human sees you?
Ill figure that out when I get there. Ill kill them if I have to. Im not coming back without him.
Nicholas smirked. I wondered if he had read my mind. You do care for him, dont you?
Yes, of course I
Fine, Im going with you.
We stepped outside into the smoky air. The burning house was close. Nicholas stood rigid for a moment. His eyes closed and his head slowly turned from side to side.
What are you doing?
His answer didnt come. He stood rigid in one spot, slowly turning his head. He lifted his head up slightly, appearing to sniff at the air like a dog.
This way. He took off in a sprint. We will try to come in from the back yard.
I followed as he hopped over a large stucco wall. 
Try to keep up, he yelled, bounding over the walls behind houses as if they were mere racing hurdles. 
I stumbled, trying to keep up. My foot caught the edge of a wall, sending me crashing to the ground.
Damn it, I should have done this myself, Nicholas grumbled.
Heat rose to my face. Im fine, thanks for asking.
I didnt ask, because no, I dont care. Were here for Lysander, not you.
I would have preferred to do this myself.
And the last time you tried to be a hero, how did that turn out? Do you know how much pain she is in?
Look, Im sorry. I didnt mean to
Just shut up. Do as I say, and keep up.
We hopped the last wall, making it to the yard of Kallistos safe house. The heat from the fire was intense; the air was choked with black, acrid smoke. I spotted the pool and a large mass floating on the surface.
Lysander, I gasped, and ran toward him.
Nicholas held out his arm and stopped me. 
Wait, he snapped as he looked around the yard.
What are we waiting for? Lets get him out of there.
As I spoke the words, a man in a bright yellow firemans coat ran around the back yard. He must have spotted Lysanders body floating in the pool. One body back here, the fireman shouted into a small speaker at his shoulder.
Crap, I said. What are we going to do about him? 
Didnt you say you would do anything to save Lysander?
Its not polite to read minds.
Never said I was polite. Go get him. Nicholas pointed at the fireman. Ill watch your back in case there are more.
The fireman reached out into the pool, stretching to grab Lysanders body.
I walked quickly and quietly over to him. 
How am I going to get rid of him without exposing myself? Should I knock him into the pool? Should I feed from him? No, that would kill him. Hes an innocent. I cant do that. 
I reached the edge of the pool. The fireman was still attempting to pull out Lysanders body.
I could knock him unconscious. If he didnt see, me he would never know what had happened. Perfect. 
I smiled, proud of myself for coming up with the plan. I slammed his head against the side of the pool. The fireman fell to the ground unconscious. His head fell limp into the water. 
Crap. I hope I didnt do too much damage.
I pulled him away from the pool and laid him out on the grass. I could still hear his heart beating. 
Hes alive. Good. When he wakes up, hes going to have one hell of a headache.
A new voice boomed into the back yard. Mason, why arent you answering your radio? Whats up with that body in the back yard? 
Theres more of them.
Lets get a move on, sweetheart, Nicholas called out to me. No time to play with your food.
I wasnt planning on killing him.
No time for explanations, there are more of them coming. Ill get him out. Nicholas barked. You get back over that wall.
He walked over and caught Lysanders hand. He dragged the limp body out, tossing it over his shoulders. 
How will we get him out of here?
Ill try to take him with me over the wall. You go first and catch if necessary.
Catch?
There was no time to question. I did as Nicholas said and made my way over the wall and waited for Nicholas to come over.
Nicholas was extremely strong, even by vampire standards, but the added weight of Lysanders limp body made hopping the walls a much harder task. I could tell the dead weight of Lysander threw him off balance. He groaned as he landed, almost toppling over a few times before we made it back to Lysanders home.
Nicholas laid Lysander out on the couch. He was weak and unresponsive. I could see now that his skin and clothing were singed, and he looked just as monstrous as Rozaline. Water dripped from his clothes, soaking into the couch.
The battle he and Santino had fought had taken its toll on him, and he was unable to move or speak. He lay there silently, staring up at the ceiling as if dead. 
Thank you, thank you, I said to Nicholas, throwing my arms around him. I could still feel his animosity, but he accepted my thanks.
Take care of him. He needs you, he grumbled.
I hope so, I said trying to hold back the tears of joy.
Edmond joined us in the living room. Is there anything I can do to help? Does Lysander need blood?
Gone was the powerful demeanor; he appeared now a defeated and pathetic man, a mere shadow of his once former proud self. He held out his arm in offering to Lysander. 
Why are you still here? I asked.
He turned to look at me, his eyes sad, traces of tears lining his cheeks. I must make things right with Lysander.
Why?
It is the honorable thing to do. I have caused your master much grief in my time. Now that my mistress is destroyed, I will submit and pay for my crimes however Lysander deems fitting.
Are you ready to die now?
If that is Lysanders wish.


CHAPTER 26
* * * * *

Our efforts to tend to the wounded showed quick progress. By the next evening, Rozaline and Lysander both began to look more like themselves. The burns on both their faces had become scars and were slowly disappearing.
How are you feeling? I asked, joining Lysander on the couch.
He didnt respond, staring at the distant wall as if watching something important on a television.
No need to answer me now; just know Im so happy youre alive. I nuzzled into his chest, listening to the faint sounds of his heartbeat. 
Edmond walked into the living room. I had almost forgotten that he was still with us.
His presence had an effect on Lysander. He turned and stared; a growl rumbled in his chest. Hatred flooded the room, as if seeping straight from Lysanders pores. 
He pointed directly at Edmond. Destroy him. 
Edmond looked at the finger pointed at his head; he frowned, but didnt say a word. He was already defeated, just waiting for his sentence.
He helped to save Alyssa and assisted us last night, Crystal said as she entered the room.
A night of good deeds is not worth the pardon of a millennium of evil. Anger was audible in Lysanders voice.
Save your death sentences for later, Lysander. There are more important things to discuss, like Santino and the rest of the Saints, said Drew, joining the conversation.
The whole clan gathered in the living room.
Yes, Lysander. What happened in there? Nicholas asked, sitting on the edge of his seat.
Lysander seemed to emerge from a trance, looking shocked to see us all sitting around him.
Did you kill Santino? Crystal asked.
Lysanders raspy voice sounded so old. He was still not fully healed from his injuries, despite his appearance. I dont know.
The room filled with quiet anticipation of Lysanders explanation. Our worst fear was that Santino had survived.
The fire forced us out of the living room, he said. Flames licked at our heels as we attacked one another. He winced in pain. I made for the stairs, hoping to avoid the burn of the flames. Santino followed. His strength was much greater than I had expected. I imagine Kallistos blood had helped him with that extra boost.
Edmond sighed loudly at the mention of Kallisto. He dropped his head to hide his face from view.
The flames followed us as we fought up the stairs; we were surrounded, Lysander continued. Everything was burning. No matter where I turned, the flames trapped me. At that point, I was determined to keep him in the house, so I could be sure we burned together. The flames ate away at our skin.
I cringed, trying to imagine the searing pain.
Lysander took a deep breath before speaking. I grabbed hold of Santino, determined not to let go. He threw me down and attempted to break out of the back window. I remember lunging forward, knocking him to the ground. I held onto him, shouting that we would die together. We tumbled and rolled around on the floor. Again, he escaped my grasp. Im not sure exactly what happened next; I was at the point of blacking out. We must have crashed through a bedroom window and rolled off the balcony into the pool. When I opened my eyes again, Nicholas was fishing me out of the water. 
So Santino may still live? asked Nicholas.
It is a possibility, although I doubt he poses any immediate threat at this time. His injuries would equal mine, and I am assuming he would not have had the benefit of his children to heal him. He smiled at us.
Nicholas sat back into the cushions of the couch. An arrogant smile was painted across his face. Yes, I believe we took care of his backup. 
There were more than we had anticipated. There were at least five that attacked us, added Rozaline hoarsely. 
That doesnt include the first wave that must have taken out Kallistos guard. We cast nineteen bodies in the fire before we left, Crystal added.
Edmond flinched again at the sound of Kallistos name, drawing Lysanders attention back to him.
I want him dead, Lysander hissed. He should have been destroyed with her coven.
Let him live. Hes earned at least that much for helping us, said Crystal.
I agree, said Drew. Hes earned at least his life.
Lysander thought silently about this. I felt the anger inside of him. He wanted to punish Edmond for all the years of problems he had caused. I believed that Kallisto had been telling the truth when she said Lysander had loved her and Edmonds presence had destroyed that love. I doubted that he ever really gotten over that pain. 
You do not know the problems this man has caused me over the last few centuries, Lysander growled. Nicholas, Rozaline, you two are my children. You know of the pain I have endured: the secrecy, the fear. What say you?
Nicholas opened his mouth to speak, but Rozaline hushed him, raising her scarred hand to his lips. We cannot make this decision for you. It is up to you to decide, she rasped.
Send him away, exile him. He doesnt deserve death now, said Drew. Be the better man, Lysander.
Please accept my apologies, Lysander, said Edmond quietly. I have been a monstrous creature. I have no excuse for my actions.
Lysander spoke in a low monotone. I want you dead.
Edmond appeared more defeated now than he had before.
The house was silent. No one dared say anything. Lysander had decided Edmonds fate, and none of us would go against him.
Edmond stared at Lysander for a moment and took a deep breath. Im sorry for the suffering Ive caused. Perhaps I could offer you something.
You have nothing to offer me. 
Perhaps the knowledge of your old writings.
You know where they are? Lysander perked up at the mention of his lost memoirs.
Yes, Edmond answered. She wanted them protected, since they were all she had left of you. You will find them in Boston, inside of a building that was once your home.
Lysanders eyes lit up. That information means a great deal to me.
It is not much, but it is all I can offer for the torment I have caused you.
Lysander sat quietly for a moment. 
Go, Edmond, he whispered. Leave now and never show your face to me ever again. Wander the earth alone and friendless as you wished me to do all those years ago.
Edmonds eyes seemed to sparkle with relief, but his face remained stoic. Lysander had decided to spare him.
Thank you for your leniency. Edmond bowed and silently left the house.
What was he talking about? I asked. What could be worth so much to you?
My original writings. A smile played across Lysanders face. I will have them once again, all the history I thought was lost by my hasty retreat from the coven.
Even in my short time with Lysander, I had heard him say more than once that he wished he hadnt lost his original works. Now that he knew where they were, he would soon be reunited with them. 
What a smart move by Edmond, to use them to bargain for his life.
You will let him go? Nicholas asked calmly.
Drew is right. He should live.
What?
He has nothing left, no family, no friends, no mistress. To kill him now would put him out of his misery. I want him to live with this feeling for a long time.


CHAPTER 27
* * * * *

Most of the Peregrinus had survived the ordeal. Now that the danger was over, the clan had time to mourn the loss of their two youngest members. They burned all of Damon and Jessies possessions in a midnight ceremony in Lysanders backyard. 
Rozaline remained outside alone after all of the others had finished making their peace with the loss of their clan mates. She appeared to be having a tough time dealing with loss. Her face was somber. I saw a slight glistening in her eyes, as if she were trying to hold back tears.
Youre sad for Damon, arent you?
Yes, I will miss him. He was so young and new to this life. We wouldnt have turned him if it werent for Jessie.
Jessie, I scoffed.
Rozaline breathed a heavy sigh. It is her death that saddens me most.
Why mourn the loss of Jessie? I asked. She led me right to Kallisto.
She was my child, Alyssa. I brought her into this life.
I bit at my lip, not knowing how to respond. 
She wasnt all bad, just young and impressionable, Rozaline continued. I believe she was enticed by the splendor of Kallistos coven. Life on the road is hard, and not everyone can handle it.
Thats no excuse for betrayal. I wouldve ripped her apart if I had the chance.
I understand your anger. You have every right to hate her for what she did to you.
Youre too forgiving, Rozaline, first with Jessie, and then with me.
You have eternity, Alyssa; dont spend it holding grudges.
I huffed, looking down at the makeshift fire pit in the rocks.
If it makes a difference to you, Alyssa, she didnt go unpunished.
It occurred to me then that I had not given thought to what had happened after she was sent back here. I assumed Kallistos minions had just killed her and left her to rot on Lysanders doorstep.
She was still alive when she was left here, Rozaline said, clearly reading my mind again.
What? Then how who killed her?
I did.
What! I gasped. Rozaline was too sweet, too motherly, too caring. I couldnt picture her killing one of her own. 
She killed her child for me?
Lysander raged when he learned what happened. It took all of the clan to hold him off as she delivered her message from Kallisto. He wanted to tear her limb from limb.
Wow, all that for me. I hid my smile. Warmth rose to my face.
Her life was put to a vote, and it was decided that she must die. It was only fitting that I be the one to do it. She breathed a heavy sigh. 
Im sorry you were forced to do this.
She was my responsibility as my child. I did what had to be done.
Im sorry things ended this way. I didnt know what else to say. How do I comfort someone who had to kill her child?
Rozaline remained silent for a few moments, staring up into the night sky.
Some are not meant for this life. Immortality is a precious gift. But it doesnt always last forever. 
She didnt look at me as she turned around and slowly walked back into the house. 

***

I spent some time alone outside on the patio, thinking about what Rozaline had said. I should have been dead countless times in the last month.
Were Rozalines words a warning to me? Was I not meant for this life?
I quietly pondered the events of the last month.
Each time, I had been spared. Maybe I am meant for this life. 
I had spent so much time cursing this changes in my life, never really considering the gift that I had been given. 
Time to quit fighting things. I need to accept what I am. Maybe, unlike Damon and Jessie, I was meant to be a vampire. 
The sliding glass door opened, and Lysander stepped outside.
Not disturbing you, am I? He gave me a cheerful smile. The tips of his fangs poked down below his lips. 
Being a vampire wasnt so bad. 
I smiled back. No. Not at all. Please, join me. I patted the spot next to me on the futon mattress. 
Lysander sat down immediately, putting his arm around me. 
How are you holding up?
Im good. I feel safe now. I always feel safe in your arms.
Good. He pulled me close.
Rozaline told me you went a little crazy when Jessie showed up.
Im sorry I let you go out with her that night. I should have protected you better.
No, its okay. Everything ended well, and I have you to thank for that.
Youre starting to sound like Rozaline, now, he chuckled. 
His hand moved up and down my arm, gently stroking my skin. 
Well, she is a smart lady.
Hopefully you will be around as long as shes been. 
Blood rushed to my face. 
You are very important to me, he continued. I dont ever want to lose you. You dont know how much you mean to me.
I turned to face him, heat spreading to my face.
You have brought me happiness. Youve allowed me to accept love into my life again.
Lysander, youre the one who has saved me. All I do is get into trouble
His hand rose, covering my lips. 
It is because of you, and the trouble youve brought into my life, that I am smiling today. Youve given more purpose to live than I have had in centuries. You are a troublemaker, the wrecking ball of my life, and I wouldnt have it any other way.
I smiled behind his hand and used my own to move his away.
I think weve both wrecked one anothers normal lives. 
Then let us rebuild a new life, together. He pulled me in close and his lips met mine. We can concentrate on the fun parts of immortality. 
I rolled over, straddling him on the futon.
Im ready to learn. I said with a smile. 



Dont miss the next installment of the Immortalis series. Available Now!

Immortalis: Hunters & Prey



Hunters & Prey
(Immortalis Series Book 2)


Becoming a vampire saved Alyssa from death, but the price was high: the loss of everything and everyone attached to her mortal life. Shes still learning to cope when a surprise confrontation with Santino Vitale, the Acta Sanctorums most fearsome hunter, sends her fleeing back to the world she once knew, and Fallon, the friend shes missed more than anything.

Alyssa breaks vampire law by revealing her new, true self to her old friend, a fact which causes strong division in the group that should support her most: her clan.


Sample Chapter

Hot blood coursed through my veins as I gulped down the gushing fountain of my victims neck. 
He wont be hurting women anymore. I thought to myself as I swallowed each hot mouthful of blood. How quickly the hunter becomes the prey. 
Using the power of my mind, I sent him feelings: waves of pain and grief for the murder he had committed. The human mind was easy to control, and I called upon all the skill I possessed to make him suffer. 
Murderers and those who dealt in crime and abuse were my prey. It was because of them, those vile individuals, that I was a vampire. Memories of my own near-death experience and echoes of past wounds fueled me. 
As a vampire, I had power, the power to stop bad people from doing awful, evil things. Fate has a way of working things out, and it gave my bloodlust a purpose. If I was to be this creature, I would ensure that my feeding stopped the unnecessary deaths of innocents.
I drained him slowly and painfully, savoring the honey-sweet elixir of his blood. Keeping him alert enough to feel every draw against his neck, I gnawed at the wound with my sharp teeth and dug my nails into his flesh. I wanted him to feel everything. I wouldnt let him go unconscious. He needed to know and understand the torment he had inflicted on others. I only wished I had found him, sooner before he ended the life of the poor woman lying at our feet. The fearful look in her dead eyes was a painful reminder of the men who had attacked me. 
This man would pay with his dying breath. 
My victim moaned pitifully. He beat against my back, struggling to free himself. I tightened my grip, locking his body in my deadly embrace. 
He was going nowhere. 
The heat from his blood coursed through my veins, strengthening me, warming me, giving me his life-energy. I savored this feeling: the tingling rush, the ecstasy, that filled my being.
Just as the wave of pleasure crested, his heart slowed to an erratic thump, and the gushing fountain became a trickle. I knew he wouldnt last much longer. His blood pressure was dropping. 
I lifted my head and gazed into his fear-filled eyes. Its no fun when youre on the receiving end, is it? I smiled at him, licking the last few drops of his blood from my fangs. 
My head swam with energyhis energy. I felt powerful, strong, and just. 
The wretched man was like puttyjust a lump of mushin my hands. Weakly, he exhaled a final dying breath. The light of life in his eyes extinguished. His head lolled and then flopped backward. 
I listened carefully. His heart thumped once, twice, and then  nothing.
I bit my tongue and swirled a mix of my saliva and blood across the wound on his neck, ensuring it would close. The evidence of my feeding would be gone by the time anyone found him. 
A strange prickling sensation tickled the back of my neck. The hair on my arms stood straight on end. I had come to know this unmistakable feeling quite well since Id been turned. Another vampire was close. 
I dropped my victim unceremoniously on top of the woman hed just killed and turned around to scan the area. Though the street was dark, my vampire eyes had no problem spotting another pair of pale eyes staring back at me from the shadows. 
A footstep broke the silence. Still young, Id had limited dealings with other vampires. Not all were friendly. I hoped the one watching me would be. 
I know youre out there, I called to the darkness. Show yourself.
Raspy laughter crawled out of the shadow. Are you sure you want me to do that, Alyssa?
In the space of a second, realization hit me. My eyes went wide and my heart slammed into my chest. 
Oh shit. Santino!
Another footstep echoed around me as he moved into the light.
A trademark of the vampire kind, his blue-gray eyes seemed to glow as he looked at me. A wild mane of salt-and-pepper hair jutted out in all directions on top of his head. Deep-creased wrinkles and scars covered an aged face that had seen many battles. His lips pulled back into a predatory smile, revealing a perfect set of sharp white fangs.
I was running before I could even comprehend the thought of it. I needed to get away. Fast.

***

As the sun began its ascent into the sky, I settled down, safely at home, preparing for sleep. But it wouldnt come peacefully. Somewhere, trapped between the dreaming and waking world, I felt his presence. The cold, prickling sensation. It crawled up my spine and raised the hairs on the back of my neck. 
Not again. I tried desperately to rouse myself. I knew what would come next.
As if on cue, those cold, emotionless, blue-gray eyes appeared above me. They locked on me with contempt. 
Santino. 
Id dreamt of him for weeks after our last battle. I thought I had finally escaped the daymares that had haunted me, but now they were back. 
I knew every scar on that fearsome face, though I wished I didnt. Id met him only once before, and against the odds, Id lived to talk about it. That was something only a handful could claim. Santino was not one to leave anyone alive once hed set his sights on them. 
I willed myself to wake. But, just as before, the dream continued.
His piecing gaze bore into my skull. I was motionless; my body barely held the strength to gasp for air. Laid out like an offering, I was an easy target, ready to be slaughtered.
If I could have screamed I would have, but I was mute, destined to see the events unfold as they had when I had lived through them.
Santinos mouth formed a sinister smile. The tips of his fangs poked out from behind his lips, but I knew it was not his teeth I should fear.
Stuck again in this nightmare, I tried in vain to will myself awake. Paralysis had me frozen in place, helpless. Slowly, he reached out, grabbing my head, balling up a fistful of my hair. Strands snapped under his grip, pinching and pulling away from my scalp. 
I needed to break free from his grasp. I needed to somehow get out of this dream. 
Fear gripped me. He rocked my head from one side to the other, inspecting me. Would this finally be the time? Would he finally kill me? His eyes focused on my neck. 
Wake up, damn it! 
Not going to be much of a fight, are you? he said, pulling out his knifea large thick blade with jagged edges. Blood from his last kill still coated it.
He made the sign of the cross and mumbled a prayer under his breath.
I willed my muscles to listen. Move, I yelled in my head. Move, damn it. Wake up! 
My heart beat wildly, thundering in my ears as Santinos eyes opened and focused on me once more. Disgust flashed across his face, as if I were a mangy animal and it was beneath him to have to put me down. His lips again formed that sinister sneer. I shuddered. His gaze was like ice, sending a shiver slithering down my spine to the churning pit of my stomach. 
He exhaled a growling breath that echoed in the room as he placed the cold, heavy blade to my neck. 

***

No!
I awoke with a start, shooting upright in bed. My heart pounded, and my chest heaved with each sharp breath. 
Disorientation fogged my vision. I struggled to compose myself and come back into reality. 
Its over, hes gone. 
If this had been merely a bad dream, the sight of my room and Lysander sleeping next to me would have been immediate comforts, but this wasnt just a dream. Those events were real. Re-living my first run in with Santino seemed to be my curse. The memories haunted me, playing out every detail of that bloody night, ending just before Santino attempted to finish me off. 
Hed nearly destroyed my entire clan that night. I shuddered at the thought of him. Santino was well known as the Acta Sanctorums best huntera vampire who made a career of killing his own kind. He and his team of hunters had tracked down and destroyed the largest coven of vampires known to exist. 
He killed their leader, Kallisto, right before my eyes. I was supposed to have been next on his hit list. If it hadnt been for Lysander and the aid of our friends in the Peregrinus clan, I would have died. 
I was lucky to have gotten away, and Lysander had almost paid for my escape with his life. Everyone assumed Santino either dead or too weak after that battle to continue his hunt. 
Deep down, I felt differently.
The Entire Immortalis Series can be purchased in individual books or on one complete boxed set.
Other Titles By Katie Salidas
The Chronicles of The Uprising Trilogy

This trilogy can be purchased in individual books or on one complete boxed set.


Dissension - The great cataclysm wiped almost all life from the face of planet Earth, but tiny pockets of survivors crawled from the ashes, with only one thought: survival, at any cost. 
But not all survivors were human. 
In the dark, militant society that has risen in the aftermath, vampires, once thought to be mythical, have been assimilated and enslaved. Used for blood sport their lives are allowed to continue only for the entertainment of the masses. Reviled as savages, they are destined to serve out their immortal lives in the arena, as gladiators. 
And there is no greater gladiator than Mira: undefeated, uncompromising...and seemingly unbreakable. When an escape attempt leads Mira into the path of Lucian Stavros, the citys Regent, her destiny is changed forever. 
Lucian, raised in a culture which both reviles and celebrates the savagery and inhumanity of vampires, finds Mira as intriguing as she is brash. An impulsive decision - to become Miras patron  changes more than just Lucians perception about vampire kind. The course of his life is altered in ways he could never have predicted  a life that is suddenly as expendable as hers. 
Can Mira prove to Lucian that all is not as it seems? Can Lucian escape centuries of lies, bloodshed, and propaganda to see the truth? Or will the supreme power of the human overlords destroy them both?

Complication - Narrowly escaping death at the hands of the Magistrate, Mira travels west, toward the coast. With three weakened human fugitives accompanying her, she searches for the mythical land of Sanctuary. 
After encountering a pack of wolf shifters, headed by the charismaticand brazenStryker, Mira learns that Sanctuary is real after all. Caldera Grove: home of the Otherkin. Hidden in the mouth of a dormant volcano, it has protected its residents from humans since the early days following the great cataclysm. For Mira a vampire Caldera Grove is a land of peace; an escape from the relentless persecution of the humans who once enslaved her, and an end to the daily struggle and bloodshed of being a gladiator. 
For the humans accompanying her, Caldera Grove means death. Humans, greedy and untrustworthy creatures, are destroyed before they can penetrate its borders. 
To plead her case for entry into Caldera, Mira must abandon her companions, albeit temporarily, and follow Stryker into the heart of the city. What she finds within Caldera Grove presents her with an unenviable decision between her own desires for freedom and peace, or honor and the human companions who risked it all for her.

Revolution - Peace is an illusion. Blood, violence, and death follow Mira like shadows. 
Battle lines have been drawn between human and Otherkin, and a bloody war is on the horizon: one that will end in either a shift in the worlds balance of power...or ultimate destruction. 
In spite of their strength, powers, and a rage known only by the oppressed, the Otherkin are evenly matched by the superior numbers of the human army. To tip the balance in their favor, the Otherkin need more soldiers  and their only options are the Gladiators of New Haven city. 
Mira is sent across enemy lines to recruit any able-bodied vampires to her cause. But what she discovers along the way will blur the lines between friends and enemies. Seeds of doubt weaken Miras allegiance, and she finds herself torn between the old masters who used her as entertainment and the new ones who consider her as nothing more than a weapon. 
As the war draws near, Mira will have to decide what she is truly fighting for.


About the Author
Las Vegas native, Katie Salidas is a Jill of all trades. Mother to three, Wife to one, and slave to the craft of writing, she tries to do it all, often causing sleep deprivation and many nights passed out at the computer. Author of the Immortalis series, Chronicles of the Uprising, and various other paranormal works; writing is her passion, and she hopes that her passion will bring you hours of entertainment.
Find Katie Salidas online at:
KatieSalidas@gmail.com

http://www.katiesalidas.com/

Facebook
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Katie-Salidas-Author/214780936916

LinkedIn
http://www.linkedin.com/profile?viewProfile=&key=58814031&trk=tab_pro

Twitter
http://twitter.com/QuixoticKatie

