Jakob Flint
From Fool to King

JONATHAN J. DRAKE



SMASHWORDS EDITION


This book is a work of fiction. People, places, events, and situations are the product of the authors imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or historical events, is purely coincidental.
 

Published by Jonathan J. Drake at Smashwords.

Copyright 2010 Jonathan J. Drake. 

2nd Edition 26 March 2010
3rd Edition 17 November 2012


No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted by any means without the written permission of the author.


Who art thou, Jakob?

Jakob Flint, From Fool to King was one of my very first books and still holds a special place in my heart. It was an attempt to write something for young adults but also appeal to a wider audience.  It was also an important book because it helped me to identify my own humour and paved the way to other ideas.

The novella was also rather good fun to write; its not often that you can play the idiot in life without repercussions.

This edition is an improvement on the original version.  It has an extra chapter included and some chapters extended to make it extra special and I hope you enjoy it.


CHAPTER 1
THE KING IS DEAD

Jakob always walked with his head to the ground. As you can imagine, this would sometimes cause problems.  People would often rudely push past him or shove into him because he wasnt looking where he was going.  Worse still, some villagers would often tease him for doing this but he knew better.  You see, times in Widdlelop were difficult and Jakob was clever.  He knew that if you kept your head low you would often find coins and scraps of food hidden in the dirt.  As far as Jakob was concerned, on these occasions it was finders keepers.
Today was another victory for Jakob.  Amongst the hustle and bustle of people he spotted an unusual red ticket poking out from a muddy puddle.  He quickly snatched it and clasped it tightly in his hands.
Ooh! he said, with a huge smile, wondering what treasure he had discovered.
It was a bit wet so he attempted to dry it on his rags but, despite his best efforts, it still remained slightly soggy.  To rectify this, he waved it in the crisp dry air until satisfied that it was suitable to handle.  For a moment, he stood gazing around the marketplace trying to spot the person who might have dropped it.  The market appeared to be busier than normal with crowds of villagers standing by the stalls chattering excitedly to one another.  Everyone knew the King had died and they all waited in anticipation to hear who his heir might be.
Eventually Jakob spotted the gentleman whod dropped the ticket.  He knew it was him because he carried a large wooden box full to the brim with red tickets.  He also looked extremely wealthy; he wore a fine red robe which Jakob presumed only a nobleman would be able to afford.  Behind him two unsmiling guards stood, watching everyone intently.  Jakob watched as the nobleman struggled to climb some steps to a podium where a long table stood.  Colourful banners were hung from the sides of the table and he wondered if there was going to be a party.  
Id best give the ticket back to the nice man, Jakob said. He might give me a reward for finding it.
Jakob smiled and bounded over to the podium, ensuring to keep his ticket safe and aloft above his head.  He rudely shoved his way through the villagers until he reached the steps.  Once there, he held his hand out to the nobleman, his fist clenched tightly around the ticket.
Guess what Ive got in my handie? he asked.
The nobleman ignored him and placed the box gently onto the table.  He then reached inside his robe and removed a long scroll.
Come on! If you dont guess correctly then you dont get the prize.
The taller of the two guards stepped closer to the side of the podium and reached for his sword handle.  Shove off, Fool! He scowled. Weve no time for the likes of you today.
Jakob poked his tongue out at the guard.  Ooh! Hit a nerve, have I?  Someones obviously woken up on the wrong side of bed this morning.
The guard snarled and unsheathed his sword.  Noticing the commotion, the nobleman raised his hand.
Calm yourself, Roland. Let the boy play his games.  Remember, little things for little minds.
Roland returned the sword to its scabbard and glowered at Jakob. Yes, my lord.  Please accept my apologies.
The nobleman gazed at Jakob, his round face expressionless.
Idiot! You should know better than to taunt a royal guardsman.  Weve already experienced one death this week and although yours would be far less significant, I wouldnt wish to witness it on a day like today.
Jakob cocked his head to one side and smiled.  Shucks! You say the sweetest things. Now, come on, guess whats in my handie?
I care not what repulsive object youre carrying.  Keep your disgusting hands and thoughts to yourself.  Whatever it is, I dont want it!
Seeing that nobody was in a mood to play, Jakob skulked back into the crowds and examined his ticket.  It had the number ninety-one written on it and the royal seal stamped by its side.
My ticket, he said, gently kissing it.  All mine.  Nobody else has one.
The nobleman opened the scroll and coughed loudly. Everybody, may I please have your attention!
The chattering in the market became hushed and everyone huddled together to hear the news.
As youre all probably aware, our beloved King died while out hunting earlier this week and he will be sorely missed by each and every one of us.
Jakob leaned against a market stall and listened intently.
Im sure youll agree that King Segrind was a fine example to us all.  He was also very...
Fat! Jakob shouted, bending down quickly behind some stacked jars of jam and honey.
Who said that? shouted the nobleman, his beady eyes darting between the crowds.
Heads turned and crowds murmured but nobody admitted to the outburst.  Jakob kept his head low.  He was glad that he had short hair and hoped that no-one would be able to spot him.  
The nobleman gripped the side of the podium tightly. Cowardly scum! he grumbled. If I catch anyone else disrespecting King Segrind theyll be getting their head lopped off.
Returning his gaze to the scroll, he cleared his throat and continued the speech.
As I was saying, King Segrind was also very thoughtful and considerate. Sadly, he had no wife or children but he believed strongly in fate and destiny.  He prepared for this day and proclaimed that if he should die without an heir then one of his countrymen would be made King, no matter their education or status in society.
"Hold on!" shouted one of the villagers, scratching his head. "You mean one of us might be made King?"
The nobleman nodded. "Yes, that's quite possible."
Jakob poked his head over the top of the stall and licked some jam from his lips.  The conversation was now beginning to interest him. He was intrigued by the prospect of possibly becoming King.  The murmuring in the crowd grew louder as people talked excitedly to one another about the news.
In this box are numbered tickets, continued the nobleman, his hands outstretched above the box. All of you over the age of thirteen will have the opportunity to take one.
Boo, shouted a little boy.  His mother grabbed him and covered his mouth.
Tomorrow, a messenger will pass through the village and proclaim the number chosen by King Segrind before his death.  If you have this number on your ticket then you will, without question, become ruler of the Kingdom.
The villagers were now ecstatic with the news.  Some peasants were cheering and others were chattering noisily to friends and relatives.  Everyone understood that this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to finally live life in comfort and bask in riches beyond belief. 
The nobleman asked everyone to line up and reach inside the box to choose a single ticket.  Jakob remained slouched against the stall and kissed his ticket affectionately while the crowds moved into formation. 
Youre my lovely, lucky ticket. He smiled, holding it close to his chest. With you in my pocket, well soon be ruling the kingdom together.  I just know it.


CHAPTER 2
THE ANNOUNCMENT

The next morning, Jakob was rudely awakened by a hen that decided to perch on his head.   Opening his eyes, he spotted the bird peering down at him.  It clucked affectionately and cocked its head to one side as if waiting for a reply. Jakob sat up abruptly and waved his hands in the air. Shoo bird.  You better not poop on me.
The hen flapped its wings angrily and landed on the barn floor.  It fluffed its feathers and walked away, unimpressed with its choice of nesting place.
Well Im sorry, Henny, but I dont like your poop.  Its horrible, wet and sticky.
Jakob yawned and looked around the gloomy barn.  He watched the hen walk over to its hutch and hop inside.
Yes, you go in your lovely, warm house.  Dont worry about me out here in the cold. I couldve done with a bit more sleep as well, you know.
He sighed and approached the barn entrance where a small mirror dangled on a chain, nailed to the door.  He peered in the mirror, bared his teeth and then stretched the skin around his eyes.
If its not a noisy cow waking me up, its a hen.  No wonder Im getting baggy eyes.
Jakobs stomach rumbled and he wondered if it was time for breakfast. Poking his head outside, he noticed the villagers were just beginning to set up their stalls.   As he breathed in the cold morning air, he recognized the familiar smell of wood smoke.  He smiled and took another deep breath through his nostrils.  The smell always seemed to comfort him.
In the far corner of the marketplace, next to the Gutsy Goat Inn, he noticed Old Woman Bailey pouring some leftovers from her special stew into a bowl on the roadside.  All around the bowl stood excited cats, all eager to taste the cold slops, rubbing themselves affectionately against her legs.
Phew  I havent missed breakfast, he said, licking his lips.
Once the bowl was full, she said a few polite words to the feeding cats and returned to the inn, closing the door behind her.  This was Jakobs cue.  Quickly, he left the barn and walked behind the stalls whistling innocently.  He then approached the slops and glanced about before reaching down to grab the bowl. 
Bowl in hand, and delighted to have not missed his breakfast, Jakob darted into an alleyway next to the inn to feast on the slops followed by four rather disgruntled looking cats. 
   
*  					* 			 *  *

Later in the morning, the royal messenger passed through the village on his white stallion.  The horse trotted along the dirt track towards the market square. He held the reigns in one hand and a blaring trumpet in the other, which ensured that nobody would miss his announcement.
On his arrival, the crowds gathered in the marketplace.  Everyone clutched their tickets tightly, all hopeful that theirs would be the one.  Jakob stood against the barn door, eyes wide, watching events unfold.
Ninety-one! Ninety-one! Ninety-one! he said excitedly. Oh yes. Tonight I wont be eating slops.  Tonight Ill be eating roast pig, or tasty crumpets, and itll all be thanks to my lovely red ticket.
He kissed his ticket again and watched as the messenger dismounted the horse and made his way to the podium. The chatter in the crowds hushed as he climbed the steps and stood at the table. All heads turned eagerly in his direction, as if everyones life depended on his next few words.  The messenger looked nervous; his face was strained, and he fidgeted with the buttons on his tunic.
I must make this quick, he said quietly, glancing around at all the anxious faces in the crowd.
Speak up! Harold, the local butcher, shouted.  All of us haven't got great hearing you know, I aint as young as I used to be.
My apologies, continued the messenger, a bit louder this time.  As I was saying, I must make this quick as I have a few more villages to attend.
Get on with it then! Harold yelled..
A few of the villagers chortled and the messengers face began to turn a bright shade of red. Erm...well... first of all I must explain that if you have the winning ticket number, which Ill reveal shortly, then you must head to the castle immediately and show it to the High Council.  
Jakob clutched his ticket tightly and gazed up at the dark clouds in the sky as if searching for divine inspiration. 
Now, continued the messenger, the bit I know youre all eager to hear.  The number that the late King Segrind selected before his death is...
Jakob closed his eyes and willed the number to be ninety one.
 ... number sixteen! 
Jakobs face dropped.  He sighed and lowered his head. All his hopes were pinned on having the lucky ticket and he felt deeply let down by the announcement.  He wasnt the only one. All around him people were now muttering insults and scrunching up their tickets.
The messenger returned to his horse quickly, without even waiting to see if anyone had found the lucky ticket.  He straddled the horse and galloped off towards the next village, obviously worried that a mob of angry, disgruntled peasants might gather.
Jakob opened the barn door and sighed heavily.  He felt broken and tired.  Resting on the hay, he lay back and closed his eyes.  He listened to the murmur of the grumbling crowds outside until they left to go about their usual business.  At this point, he was already in a deep sleep.


CHAPTER 3
THE JACKLIN BROTHERS

Jakobs sleep was disturbed once again but, this time, not by a nesting hen.  The barn door had been slammed shut and standing by the entrance were the Jacklin brothers.  The two brothers were known locally as vicious thugs, and Jakob always tried to avoid them whenever possible.   
The Jacklin brothers were identical twins.  The only noticeable difference was that Boris Jacklin had a chunk of his ear missing but nobody knew why, or dared to ask for that matter.  Although quite short, both were heavy-set with square heads the size of tree trunks and fists to match.  
Found you, Dirty Scamp, Boris said, grinning wickedly. We've been looking around the village for you for most of the morning, havent we Ferrid?
Aye, Ferrid replied, smacking his fist into his empty palm. Weve been hoping to have a word with you.
Jakob shuffled backwards through the hay until he felt his back press against the cold stone wall.  He smiled dryly.  Ooh, it looks like youve found me then.
Boris nodded.  Aye, that we have.  We're hoping you might know where we can find some red tickets?
Tickets? Jakob asked, reaching slowly into his trouser pocket to make sure his ticket was still there. No, I havent seen any tickets.
You see, were in a tricky situation here.  It seems that nobody has found the winning ticket yet and we've been searching everywhere for it, haven't we Ferrid?
Aye, weve even been knee-deep in rubbish just to make sure.  So, you can see we've been rather busy can't you, Numb-Skull?
Jakob nodded enthusiastically, not wanting to appear unappreciative of their efforts.  So, have you found the ticket then?
Boris approached Jakob while his brother rested his heavy frame against the barn door.
Not quite.  You see, we forgot that a little maggot like you, who always keeps his head to the ground, might have managed to get his filthy hands on it. So, that's why we're here.
Aye. Ferrid nodded. We want Boris to be King and we'll do anything to make it happen, even if it involves tearing your head off from your puny shoulders.  Understand, Numb-Skull?
Oh yes, oh yes, Jakob said, shifting his gaze to the floor. I understand completely.  Don't worry, if I find a nice ticket, you'll both be the first to know.
Boris grinned evilly.  He grabbed Jakob by the throat and with very little effort, lifted him off the floor.  Jakob tried to resist and squirmed frantically but Boris was far too strong for him.
You're a lying fool!  We already know someone spotted you with a red ticket yesterday and they said you even kissed it.  Youre a revolting scamp, arent you?  Now, where is it?
Before he could reply, Boris flung him from one side of the barn to the other.  He hurtled through the air and fell like a sack of potatoes onto Henny's wooden hutch.  The hutch smashed on impact and Jakob cried out in agony, but he was more worried about Henny than himself.  From his uncomfortable position on the floor amongst the shattered wood, he looked up groggily at the brothers.  Ferrid laughed gruffly, amused by his brother's actions.
Hey, look here, Boris announced, pointing to something on the floor. Its a red ticket.  I wonder where that came from.
Boris leaned forward and reached for the ticket.  Reading it, his eyes widened. Cripes, the fool had it on him all the time.  It's the number sixteen.  Its even got the royal seal on it as well.
Jakob didn't understand.  He sat up carefully and brushed the wooden splinters from his tunic before fumbling in his pocket for the ticket.
That's not my ticket, he said. My ticket was number ninety-one.
Boris walked over to Jakob and held the ticket to his face.  Oh look. You're right and Im wrong.  It's the number ninety-one.  Arent I silly?
I told you so.  Can I have it back now then?
Boris turned the ticket upside down and grinned.  Oh... now look.  All of a sudden it's the number sixteen.
Jakob sighed.  He never thought to turn the ticket round the other way. 
Ferrid smirked. It must be magic, eh, Numb-Skull? 
Oh, I see now, Jakob said, scrutinizing the ticket. The lion on the royal seal isnt standing on its head anymore.  
Boris stepped closer to Jakob and raised his fist, ready to strike.  Jakob lifted his arms to protect his face. 
Well it's mine now and we cant have you telling anyone about this, can we?  By the time Ive finished with you, I guarantee you wont be able to talk.
Jakob knew he couldnt get away from this frightful situation so he shut his eyes and waited for the inevitable.  Just as Boris was about to throw a punch, the barn door burst open and knocked Ferrid to the floor.  He landed face first in some cow dung and let out a mighty groan.
What the Boris said, turning to see what was happening.
An elderly man hobbled into the barn, prodding the way ahead with his long walking stick.  Jakob thought he had a very hairy face; he had grey, bushy eyebrows, a walrus moustache, and a huge, hairy mole on the tip of his nose. 
Pardon me, he said, glancing around. I was just walking by and thought I heard a young maiden calling out in distress.
Jakob raised his hand and smiled awkwardly.  That would be me, Sir.
Boris kicked Jakobs foot. Shut up, Fool!
The old man adjusted his spectacles and peered at Jakob. Well, youre a rather unsightly looking maiden, thats for certain.  You could do with a haircut and a good clean to show off those lovely freckles.
Ferrid sat up, shook his head and wiped his face on his sleeve.  He spat and glanced up at his brother.   Boris remained standing, staring blankly at the old man. 
Lovely freckles?  What in Widdlelop are you talking about, you silly old fool?
The old man waved his stick at Boris. There's no need to be rude, Young Man.  If you want respect from others then you should first learn to master the art of diplomacy.
	Urm, Boris replied.  His mouth dropped open and his face became less strained.
  Now, continued the old man. You have what you want so why dont you both leave here and enjoy the day?  Perhaps take a nice long stroll together and enjoy the crisp, country air.
Ferrid stood and shrugged at Boris.  He had a glazed look in his eyes.
Thats a good idea.  I could do with a dip in the lake.  Get this stench off me.  Then we could take a stroll to the castle if you want?
Boris blinked suddenly and rubbed his eyes.  He studied his brothers face and nodded thoughtfully.  You know what Ferrid, I think the old mans right.  A long stroll sounds most appealing.  I could do with stretching my legs.
With that, the Jacklin brothers left the barn and walked hand-in-hand through the marketplace towards the country trail.  The old man winked at the astonished Jakob and prodded the ground with his walking stick. 
You have a lot of trials ahead of you, Young Man, and Im certain that you wont mind a little assistance from time to time.
Jakob sat with his mouth wide open, gaping out of the barn at the two brothers.  He returned his gaze to the old man and eyed him curiously.
Who are you? he asked. Are you the bogey-man?
The old man smiled and twitched his moustache. Im just an old man who knows things... Sadly, things that will one day be long forgotten.
Ooh! Jakob remarked. That sounds interesting.
Indeed, but interesting to only those who might care to know about what once was and could be but may not.
Jakob twisted his face and nodded.  He didnt quite understand what the old man was talking about and was more interested in the hairs that sprouted from the mole on the tip of his nose.
Oh, before I go, theres one more thing. 
The old man pointed his stick to the ground next to Jakobs feet.  You appear to have dropped something.
Jakob looked down and spotted the red ticket.  Kneeling, he picked it up and examined it, relieved to find that it was indeed his lucky ticket.
Woohoo! he cried. Its my ticket!  Thank you, Kind Sir.
Looking up, the old man was nowhere to be seen.  Standing in his place was Henny, fluffing her feathers and pecking the barn floor with steady conviction.  Jakob smiled and waved his finger at the hen.
I knew you were magic, you little tinker.  You couldve told me earlier.
The hen clucked happily, oblivious to Jakobs words.

 
CHAPTER 4
THE HIGH COUNCIL

Jakob skipped merrily out of the barn and glanced around the marketplace at everyone busy selling their wares.  Although he wanted to tell everyone about his good fortune, he decided to keep it to himself.  If anything, his experience with the Jacklin brothers now made him slightly wary of others. 
Before long, Bushwood village was left far behind.  Jakob had followed the country trail and was now walking along a gravel path towards Bentworth castle.  In the distance he could make out one of the castle's towers poking its way up through a nest of trees.  Strangely, the closer he got to the castle, the more excited he became and the more nervous he felt.  He decided to prepare his speech for the High Council as he walked.
Im Jakob Flint and I live in a stinky barn in Bushwood village.
He shook his head.
Nope, I dont think theyll be interested in where I live... hmm... How about, my name is Sir Flint and Im protector of Bushwood village?
Jakob smiled. That should do it...hmm... but how do I explain my rags?
Crossing over a rickety bridge, the castle drew closer and it looked magnificent.  A huge archway led the way into the castle grounds and Jakob was excited to see it was brimming with activity.  Above the archway ancient battlements stood proud and erect, defying those that would dare invade the Kings land. 
Jakob reached the archway and peered inside.  A group of young knights practicing their swordplay caught his eye. Next to them, cartloads of sacks were being unloaded by burly men outside the stables.  Two guards stood by each side of the archway; they both had a short sword in one hand and a buckler in the other.  The nearest guard watched him closely as he stepped through the archway and began his walk towards the castle.
 You there! shouted the guard.  
Jakob looked about and, realizing nobody else was close by, pointed to himself.  The guard nodded.  Yes, you! Peasant.
Ooh. Youre not a man of many words are you?
The guard frowned and stepped closer to Jakob.
What business do you have at Bentworth castle, Peasant?
Jakob rolled his eyes.  Peasant?  What do you mean by peasant? Do I look like a typical peasant?
The guard stared inquisitively at Jakob, eyeing him up and down.  You look like a peasant, you smell like a peasant and you walk like a peasant.
What do you mean walk like a peasant?  Do all peasants have their own special walk?
The guard sighed.  Look, just go back to your stinking dung heap and therell be no trouble unless you want to be put in front of the High Council?
Hmm... dung heap or High Council.  What lovely choices. Ill go for High Council please.
Right then, said the guard, stepping closer. Dont say I didnt warn you.
Jakob scrunched his face in disgust and pinched his nose. Cripes! Your breath reeks worse than my underpants.  Have you been eating garlic or something?
The guard was taking no more back chat.  He sheathed his sword and grabbed Jakobs arm, bending it sharply behind his back.  Jakob shrieked.
Do you have to be so brutal? I was only trying to be nice.  Id really like someone to tell me if I had stinky breath.
Come on, Peasant, said the guard, escorting Jakob through the grounds towards the castle. Im taking you to the High Council.  They can deal with you and I guarantee it wont be pretty.
Just like you then, Jakob mumbled.

*  					* 			 *  *

The guard booted open a side door into the castle and, with a grunt, guided Jakob along a low, white-washed passageway.  At the end of the passage some stone steps led up to a red door, half hidden by curtains.  The guard knocked on the door and within seconds it was opened by a small, porky man with a large, round nose and only a frizzle of dark hair remaining on his head.  Jakob recognized him immediately.  It was the nobleman who had dropped the ticket in the marketplace.
"You!" said the nobleman, his wide eyes fixed on Jakob.
"Lord Leggid, do you know this knave?" asked the guard, forcing Jakob's arm a bit higher.
"Ouch! Would you let me go now please? I know I've always wanted longer arms but never imagined it would involve this much pain."
"Yes, unfortunately, I do recognize him.  He's an idiot from Bushwood village. What's he done now?"
Jakob clamped his teeth together and bent low with the pain. "Hello?  Im here you know.  You can speak to me."
"I caught this one trying to sneak into the castle - he's a cheeky blighter as well."
Lord Leggid smiled wryly. "Oh, we have a trespasser in our midst do we?  Please escort him into the chamber, Guardsman.  The High Council will enjoy dealing with him."
The guard released Jakob and shoved him through the door.  He landed on a soft, red carpet in a long room with black tiled walls.  At the far end of the room, a wide window, with wonderful views of the castle grounds, flooded the chamber with light.   Two elderly gentlemen were sitting on chairs next to the window.  They watched with interest as Jakob was yanked to his feet by the guardsman and escorted towards them.
"Get your scruffy feet off the carpet!" Lord Leggid shouted. "That's why we have floor tiles."
Jakob stepped off the carpet onto the cold floor tiles and walked along them towards the window.  Upon reaching the two gentlemen he was brought to a halt.
"Bow to the High Council, Idiot!" Lord Leggid shrieked.
"Which one's the idiot?" Jakob smirked and pointed to the old man sitting to his left. "Is it this one with the long nose and hairy chin?"
Lord Leggid's face turned bright red.  Jakob thought it looked like a big balloon ready to burst.  "You insolent dog! I wasn't calling a member of the High Council an idiot.  I was referring to you.  Now, I demand you apologise to Councillor Lewtt immediately." 
 Councillor Lewtt leaned forward and coughed gently.  He had a slight flicker of amusement in his eyes. "Please gentlemen, enough of this idle chatter. Councillor Rigdel and I have no desire to witness further outbursts of any kind in this chamber."
"Yes, indeed," Councillor Rigdel agreed, running his hands through his curly grey locks. "Just a moment ago I was beginning to drop off, and now look at this terrible commotion." 
Lord Leggid bowed his head, his face strained.  "You have my apologies, High Council, for the unnecessary outburst." 
"Now," Councillor Lewtt continued, "would you care to enlighten me as to why youve brought this fine fellow here today?"
Lord Leggid grabbed Jakob's shoulder tightly.  "This wretched maggot tried to sneak into the castle grounds and was most insolent to the guardsmen here.  He was probably trying to steal food. I demand that he is punished severely."
Councillor Rigdel shook his head and eyed Jakob carefully. "Tut-tut. Now you shouldn't be rude to royal guardsmen you know.  They don't have an easy time of things.  Now, when I was a young lad Id..."
"I see," Councillor Lewtt interrupted. "I'm sure this fine fellow would have a reason for visiting the castle grounds, and he certainly doesn't look hungry.  Quite an ample stomach on him from what I can see."
Jakob looked down at his stomach and grinned.  "Oh no, youre wrong Councillor.  That isn't my belly.  It's Henny.  I couldn't leave her behind."
Much to everyone's surprise, the hen's head poked out from its warm hiding place inside Jakob's rags.  Lord Leggid gaped at the hen, infuriated that somebody would bring such a creature into an audience with the High Council.  His left eye twitched excessively. 
"Guard, remove that chicken immediately," Councillor Rigdel ordered. "We can't have bird droppings on our expensive carpet."
Councillor Lewtt stood and peered at the chicken. "Wait!" he said, "What's that stuck in its beak?"
The guard snatched something from the bird.
"Oh!" Jakob said. "That's the winning ticket.  Did I forget to tell you, Im your new King?
Lord Leggid promptly fainted.
 

CHAPTER 5
PEASANT TO KING

Councillor Lewtt examined the ticket and smiled broadly.
Wonderful.  This is absolutely wonderful news.  Councillor Rigdel, this is the genuine ticket. We have our new King.
Councillor Rigdel reached into his tunic and removed a monocle attached to a fine gold chain.  Placing it to his eye, he studied Jakob intently.
Oh, yes. Yes. He nodded excitedly.  Guardsman, unhand your new King.
The guard released his grip on Jakobs arm and stood back warily.  Yes, Councillor. I mean... are you certain?
Of course were certain, Councillor Lewtt replied. King Segrinds instructions were most clear and concise.
Jakob raised his eyebrows at the guard. You should say sorry for hurting my arm.  That wasnt very nice of you.
The guard looked flustered.  He glanced at both Councillors and then returned his gaze to Jakob.
Erm... Im sorry, he said, faintly.
Sorry, Your... Councillor Lewtt prompted.
Oh, the guard continued, realising his mistake. Im sorry, Your Majesty. 
Ooh! Jakob said. Its quite nice being called Your Majesty. Ill certainly get used to that.
Councillor Rigdel clasped his hands together. Therell be plenty more of that to come.  Youre going to have lots to learn and lots to do over the coming months.  
Councillor Lewtt smiled. Indeed, being King is not something to take lightly.  We do have some more good news for you as well.
	You do? Jakob enquired.
Of course.   Due to the unusual circumstances, theres no requirement for a coronation either.  From this moment onwards youre our new King. Now, whats your name, Young Man?
Im Jakob Flint from Bushwood village.  Have you been there?
	Indeed I have.
Ooh, then youll know they do lovely morning slops.
At the mention of slops, Henny poked her head out of Jakobs rags and clucked affectionately.  Councillor Rigdel spotted the bird again. 
Guardsman, take this chicken away.  Remember its now royalty so give it some special treatment.
The guard carefully removed Henny from her resting place.
Yeah! Give her very special treatment, or else! Jakob warned.
The guard nodded and walked towards the door, bird nestling in his arms.
Oh, and while youre at it, Councillor Lewtt said. Send word for an Ovate to see to Lord Leggid.  We cant have him sprawled out on our carpet all day.
Good heavens, no, Councillor Rigdel agreed. He may start smelling.
Of course, Councillor, the guard uttered. Is there anything else?
Councillor Lewtt stroked his chin thoughtfully. Actually, yes, there is. Send a messenger to all villages in the Kingdom. I would like them to know that King Jakob is now their new ruler.
The guard nodded.  He looked flustered.
Oh, while youre at it, also get a maid to organise a hot tub in the royal quarters, and a tailor to measure up our King. Ask him to bring some fashionable clothes as well. We cant have our new ruler resembling a ragamuffin, can we?
Of course not, Councillor.  Ill see to that straight away.

*  					* 			 *  *

Jakob sat in a hot tub and sighed contentedly.  He filled his hands with bubbles then blew them in the air.  A young, red-headed maid was scrubbing his back gently with a light brush. 
This is lovely, Jakob said. Ive never had a hot tub before.  Are you sure you cant see me?
The maid giggled. Yes, Your Majesty.  Please, dont worry, I cant see a thing. I must say, this is most unusual.
Youre telling me.  I normally wash in a cold stream at the back of my barn but sometimes cows get in the way.
Do the cows normally wear a blind-fold?
Jakob grinned mischievously.  Not normally.  Im just not used to a nice woman washing me.  My mother always used to say Keep your bits hidden from sight and you wont get a fright.
The maid leaned forward and felt around the side of the tub for the soap. Once in her hand, she rubbed it around Jakobs neck and shoulders. 
Your mother sounds very wise.  I must say, King Segrind didnt seem to mind.  He wasnt very bashful.
Ooh, Jakob replied, his eyebrows raised. Thats okay, my mother taught me to never bash anyone as well.  She used to say If you dont run, you wont have fun.
The maid tittered.  No, silly.  I mean shy.  Anyway, Ive nearly finished now.  Ive just got to pour some water over your back to wash away the suds and then you can get dressed.
Jakob sniffed.  Thats a lovely smell.  What is it?
Its lime, Your Majesty.  Soap made from lime.  It will keep you smelling fresh and clean for many days to come.
The maid reached down for her pot and poured steaming water over Jakobs back. He shivered with pleasure. 
There, thats me finished now, Your Majesty.  Ill get this pot emptied and leave you to attend dinner with Lord Leggid. 
Hmm. Why does Lord Leggid want to have dinner with me?
Lord Leggid is the Kings personal advisor. Well, at least he has been for as long as Ive served here.  He probably wishes to discuss royal matters with you.
Oh, thats why. Jakob climbed out of the tub and reached for the towel.  Will I see you again, Juliet? 
Juliet smiled. Of course, Sire.  Whenever you request a thorough wash, or an evening snack, Ill be here for you. Of course, that depends if I have permission to remove this blind-fold, otherwise Ill probably fall down the steps back to the scullery.
Jakob gulped and quickly edged behind a vanity screen.  Its okay  you can take it off now.
Juliet removed the blindfold and giggled.  Its not often I get to wear a gentlemans vest around my eyes.
Jakob finished drying himself and began to put on his new clothes. Never mind that. He grunted. Its not often that I wear vests... or tight pants like these.  Im sure the tailors got his measurements wrong.
Juliet smiled.  Youll be fine.  Its simply the fashion, Your Majesty.

*  					* 			 *  *

Lord Leggid sat at the dining table opposite Jakob.  He wore a dark-blue tunic with long sleeves and a loosely fitted, brown, studded belt.  
Is the food to your liking? Lord Leggid asked.
Rather than use a knife and fork, Jakob was eating his meal with a dessert spoon.  He slurped the gravy greedily from the spoon and wiped his mouth on his sleeve.
Ooh, its yummy.  The meat isnt even chewy.  Old Woman Bailey makes nice slops, but this is so much yummier.
Indeed.  Lord Leggid managed a weak smile.  Over the next few weeks Ill have to remind the High Council to organise some lessons in etiquette.
Lord Leggid finished his meal and placed the knife and fork together on the side of his plate.  He then patted his mouth dry with the serviette and returned his gaze to Jakob.
So, tell me Jakob, what do you know about being a King?
Jakob swallowed the last of his meat and burped loudly.
Ooh, well, thats easy. Kings get washed in hot tubs. They have very nice servants, wear tight pants and eat yummy food.
Lord Leggid rolled his eyes. No foo... What I mean to say is, apart from those obvious privileges, there are many other more noteworthy duties to take into account.
Ooh, what like?
Well, now that youve finished eating, look through the window over there and tell me what you see.
Lord Leggid pointed to a window in the far corner of the room and watched carefully as Jakob stood and bounded over to it.
Well? Lord Leggid asked. What do you see?
Erm...nothing really, its all black.
Lord Leggid stood and walked slowly towards the window. What do you mean, all black?  Its not that dark outside yet.
Reaching the window, Lord Leggid sighed. It helps if you open the shutters first.
Ah! Jakob said, smiling. That would be it then.
With the shutters open, Jakob peered outside.  As far as the eye could see, green fields, hills, forests and villages could be seen scattered in the distance.
Cripes, look at that. Jakob laughed sharply. Everything looks so small and Im a big giant.
Lord Leggid stood at his side, his face expressionless. Indeed, Jakob.  All this is now yours.  Youre responsible for all of it.
All of it? 
Yes, youll be responsible for all of the people, all of their needs, all of their wants and most importantly, all of their lives.  Are you ready for this great responsibility?
Jakob continued to stare out of the window, pondering what was expected of him.  The sudden severity of the situation was dangled before him like bait for a fish.  
Umm... Jakob said.
Lord Leggid smiled wryly. If not, dont worry.  We can find someone else to do the job and you can help out with other duties around the castle.  Would you prefer that?
Jakob shook his head.  Nope, thinking about it, Id like to give it a go. Its nice having all this land and people to look after.  Hey, I can help people and theyll learn to love me.
Lord Leggid bit his lip. Indeed...Well, Jakob, do think about what Ive said.  Have a peaceful rest this evening and tomorrow afternoon we can meet to discuss matters further.
Ooh, I will.  Thanks, Leggit.  Jakob smiled broadly.
Lord Leggid frowned. Thats Leggid! Lord Leggid. Please try and remember that.
Oops, Jakob said.
Lord Leggid whirled round and walked quickly towards the door.
Well, Ill see you tomorrow in the throne room then, Jakob called.
Indeed, Lord Leggid replied. Im glad you enjoyed the chicken tonight.  Henny must have been very well looked after.  There was so much plump, delicious meat on her.
With that, the door closed and Jakob was left to gape at his plate.


CHAPTER 6
WALKABOUT
 
The next day started late.  Jakob slept in comfort throughout the night and didnt get out of bed until mid-morning. After a late breakfast consisting of muffins and warm milk, he walked around the royal gardens desperately seeking something to do.  Hearing footsteps crunching on the gravel path behind him, he turned around and noticed a guardsman following him.
Are you following me? Jakob enquired.
The guard stood back and blinked. Erm...yes, Your Majesty.
I thought you were.  I bet you didnt expect me to notice, eh?
The guard stood quietly.
Ive got great ears.  I can hear a cow taking a leak from two fields away. Bet youre impressed, eh?
Yes, Your Majesty. You have mighty fine ears.
Ah, so thats it, eh?  Let me guess. Youre following me because youre envious of my ears?
No, Your Majesty.  Im merely...
Wait! Dont tell me.  Youre following because youre bored.
The guard rolled his eyes. Not quite, Your...
Youre going to rob me?
Of course not...
You love me?
No, Your Majesty.
Jakob pouted.  Im crushed! You dont love your very own King?
Erm... Well, I mean to say...
Jakob grinned.  Ah ha! Im only teasing you.  Dont get all hot under your chainmail.
The guard gaped at Jakob, obviously unimpressed with his antics.
The reason why Im following you, Your Majesty, is because Ive been ordered to watch you whenever you decide to leave the confines of the castle.
Ooh! Jakob said. I see.  Youre a spy!
	Definitely not, Your Majesty.  Im here to protect you.
Well, thats most flattering - do carry on.
Jakob continued his walk through the garden until he discovered the entrance to the castle maze.  The maze appeared to be designed with a combination of stone wall and bushes.  It stretched out over a wide area of the castle grounds and the temptation was too much for Jakob to resist.
Glancing back at the guard one last time, Jakob smirked and darted along the gravel pathway into the maze.  The guard realised what he was up to and politely yelled at him to stop but it was too late.  Grumbling, he quickened his pace and followed, unsure of which way to go.  
Jakob ran through the twisting pathways of the maze, shrieking with laughter.  At each dead end he retraced his steps and ran along a different route, not quite sure where he was going or how he would find his way out.  As he ran, he heard the guard call out for him from a few bushes away.
Come on, Your Majesty," said the guard, panting. "How am I supposed to protect you if I can't find you?"
Jakob stopped and sniggered.  "Oh, don't be such a spoil sport.  Come and chase me, Grumpy!"
At this point, he was quite deep in the maze.  The path eventually reached a junction with two possible exits and Jakob stopped to catch his breath.  A huge tree stood in his way; its great branches stretched lazily over both pathways.  Above the left pathway, a sign dangled from the tree which read 'This Way' and another sign hung over the right pathway which read 'That Way'.  Jakob was stumped, and couldn't decide which way to go.
"Hmm, should I go this way or that way? Which way would the grumpy guard go?"
As he pondered over the decision a slight breeze shook the 'This Way' sign.  It rocked back and forth encouragingly.
"Ooh, thank you for answering me, Mr. Wind.  So, the guard will be going this way so Id better go that way."
Without hesitation, Jakob ran along the pathway to his right.  He just managed to turn a corner out of view when he heard the sound of the guard's chainmail clanking together from the junction behind him.  Not wanting to be caught, he continued following the path for a short distance until it ended at a stone well surrounded by prickly bushes.
"This isnt good," he muttered. "I want to escape, not drink some stinky water."
Peering down the well, he was delighted to find it was empty and that some metal rungs led down into unknown depths. He heaved over the edge, found his footing and descended into darkness.

*  					* 			 *  *

The ground at the bottom of the well felt wet and slimy so Jakob held tightly to the bottom rung, trying not to slip.  He sniffed curiously.  The air felt heavy and he smelt a strange, pungent, mossy odour which he found distasteful.  
Once his eyes became accustomed to the dark, he stepped carefully around the base of the well in search of a dry place to stand.  As he shuffled near the wall, his arm knocked a hidden lever and a section of the wall moved back with a grinding sound.  Jakob gasped and poked his head through the opening.  A long tunnel with a tiled floor and mossy walls led off into the gloom. Without hesitation, Jakob stepped through the opening and walked along the tunnel; his sandals made wet slapping noises on the floor tiles.   Some cobwebs touched his face and he shrieked, waving his hands around to dislodge them.
"Be strong," he whispered. "They're only spiders, and I'm a King now.  They cant help being disgusting creepy crawlies."
Jakob continued walking, waving his arms erratically in an attempt to remove any further cobwebs unfortunate enough to get in his way.  When he finally reached the end, he noticed a trapdoor in the ceiling and a glimmer of light through the cracks in the wood.   Tucked in the corner, beneath the trapdoor, were some old boxes and barrels covered with cobwebs. He wondered what was in them but decided not to investigate, just in case he disturbed a family of spiders.  Besides, he was far more interested in the trapdoor and where it led. 
Jakob nudged one of the boxes with his foot and positioned it directly beneath the trapdoor. Stepping onto it, he pushed open the trapdoor only to discover he was in somebody's living quarters.  The room was most lavish, with expensive looking rugs on the floor and decorative tapestries and oil paintings displayed on the walls.  An elegantly crafted cupboard and cabinet stood to one side of the trapdoor and a four-poster bed dressed with fine silks to the other. 
More importantly, on the bed, Jakob spotted Lord Leggid.  He was still dressed in all his finery but, thankfully, he appeared to be asleep with his hands resting behind his head.  The lord slept with his mouth wide open and Jakob had a wicked thought.  He wondered how amusing it would be to drop a boiled egg into it.  Shame he didnt have one.  Smiling, he eased himself slowly out of the tunnel and onto the bedroom floor.  He gently closed the trapdoor behind him to hide his tracks.  Satisfied that he hadnt disturbed the sleeping lord, he began to crawl towards the bedroom door in an attempt to escape. Just as he got halfway across the room, somebody knocked lightly on it. 
Jakob froze.
 

CHAPTER 7
CAUGHT IN THE ACT

Jakob expected Lord Leggid to jump quickly off his bed and notice him sprawled on the floor but, thankfully, the room remained quiet.  Glancing back, he was relieved to find the sleeping lord still hadnt stirred so he quickly retraced his steps and crept underneath the bed.
Lord Leggids visitor knocked on the door again, this time a little harder.  The bed creaked and the Lords bare feet hung over the side, inches from Jakobs face. 
Who is it? Lord Leggid asked loudly. 
Jakob watched the Lords feet curiously.  He had extremely hairy toes that wiggled when he spoke. His feet also had a rather vile odour.  Jakob gagged and turned his head to face the wall. 
Its Lady Catherine, replied a softly spoken voice.
Lord Leggid stood and coughed, clearing his throat. Oh, please wait one moment, My Lady.
Jakob watched as he scrambled from the bed and flung open the cupboard doors. Rummaging through some drawers inside the cupboard, he removed some white socks and pulled them on.  Panting, he then hovered by the cabinet for a moment longer before opening the bedroom door.
What an unexpected pleasure it is to see you here this morning, he said.
Enough with the pleasantries, Leggid, Lady Catherine replied. This whole situation is becoming out of control.
From his position beneath the bed, Jakob could only see the lower part of her body.  She wore leather riding boots and jodhpurs which enhanced her slender legs. 
Not so loudly, My Lady.  Walls have ears.  Do come in.
Lady Catherine followed him into the room and shut the door behind her.  They stood facing each other for a moment and then, quite unexpectedly, began kissing.
Jakob stretched his neck a little and peered out to confirm his suspicions.  Lord Leggid stood with his arms around Lady Catherines waist, their lips desperately seeking each other.  Jakob cringed.  He thought they looked a most unusual couple.  Lady Catherine was a good foot taller and in much better shape than the toad kissing her. 
Well, things cant be all that bad, Lord Leggid said, gently stroking her long, black hair.
Lady Catherine stepped away and walked towards the cupboard. 
No? It could hardly get any worse. 
She closed the cupboard doors and turned to face him. Our dreams are now shattered.  This whole thing has become a farce.
Dont worry, My Dear.  Things are beginning to pick up and, once Captain Reynolds returns from detached duty, we can look into ways of resolving the problem.
Lady Catherine groaned. Yes, well this problem is turning out to be bigger than you think.  Do you know the whereabouts of your new King right now?
He wont be far. Ive a guard trailing him.  More importantly, hes a loyal guard wholl do literally anything for his master... if you get my drift.
Then youre going to have to train your guards better.  Before coming here I watched him from my bedroom window chasing after our new King who, I might add, lost him in the royal maze.
Jakob smirked.  He suddenly realised they were talking about him and found it amusing to discover that he was being watched while running away from the guard.  He covered his mouth, trying not to laugh.
Lord Leggid sighed and stood quietly for a moment.  Lady Catherine tapped her foot on the floor.
Well? she asked. What do you have to say about that?
Lord Leggid shook his head.  Theres something not quite right about all of this.  I cant place it at the moment but, dont worry, Ill get to the bottom of it.
Yes, well, please do it sooner rather than later.  For now, I must take my leave.  I have a few concoctions to prepare for Lord Aldward who is experiencing problems with his wife.
Oh, do you mean Lord Aldward from that mining village near Rildon moor?
Lady Catherine chortled.
Well, I never.  Its a good thing that we dont suffer similar problems in that department, dont you think?
Well, that depends on if you keep letting me down, Lady Catherine replied, walking to the door. Besides, at least Lord Aldward has a wife, even if she is rather beastly to look at.
Dont worry, My Dear.  I just need a little more time and things will soon fall into place. Trust me.
Yes, well I have no other choice, do I?
Lord Leggid stood quietly while she opened the door and left the room.  After a moments contemplation he slipped on his sandals and followed her, slamming the door shut behind him.

*  					* 			 *  *

Jakob didnt wait long in hiding.  As soon as he was sure Lord Leggid had gone, he scrambled out from under the bed and wandered aimlessly through the castle.  The castle was big with plenty of rooms and corridors so he searched for anything familiar which would lead him to his room. After following numerous passageways, which led through the servant quarters, chapel and the buttery, he eventually reached a door which led into the Councillors chamber.  
Councillors Lewtt and Rigdel were both in the room, sitting in the same seats as earlier.  Resting on a table in front of them was a large jug and some chalices.  They both turned to look at Jakob as he ventured into the room.
Ah, King Jakob, Councillor Lewtt said, lifting his chalice in greeting. Youre just in time for the late morning wine.  Would you care to sample some?
Ooh, thats very nice of you to ask, Jakob replied, but I was actually trying to find the way back to my room.  I dont really know my way around here, yet.
Your room? Councillor Rigdel asked, reaching forward to fill his chalice with some wine from the jug.  You dont have time to visit your room on a whim.  Youre the King.  You have duties.
Jakob looked puzzled. 
Indeed, Councillor Lewtt agreed, but a King should always make time to sample fine wine.
So, what exactly are my duties?
You mean to tell me that Lord Leggid hasnt explained this to you yet? Councillor Lewtt asked.
Jakob shook his head.  Not quite.  He was too busy eating my Henny which, I must say, Im still not happy about.
Councillor Rigdel spluttered his wine. He ate your hen?
Jakob nodded. We had her for dinner last night.
Ah, Councillor Rigdel continued. Thats not too bad. At least he shared her with you.  I cant abide greedy people.
Councillor Lewtt sipped his wine and smiled at Jakob.  Never mind, my King.  There are far more important matters to attend to which should take your mind off your recent meal.
Oh, yes. Councillor Rigdel nodded. I believe theres a general meeting being held in two days time which youll certainly be expected to attend.  The King is always required to make some important decisions at these meetings. 
I see, Jakob said.
Councillor Lewtt wiped his mouth and sat up straight. In the meantime, you should go to the throne room, don your robe and crown and aid your loyal subjects who will undoubtedly approach you for help.
Yes, Councillor Rigdel agreed. Theres probably a queue leading out of the door by now.
Ooh. Jakob smiled. I like that idea. Which way is the throne room?
Councillor Lewtt pointed to the door which the guard had escorted him through the day before. Return through that door, turn left, walk along the passage, enter the courtyard and go through the main castle doors.  There youll find your throne room.
Thank you, Jakob said, scratching his head. I might come back here tomorrow to try some of that wine.
Councillor Rigdel smirked. Indeed. I have a feeling youll most probably need it.
 

CHAPTER 8
DECISIONS, DECISIONS

Jakob sat on his throne, adjusting the crown on his head.  He tried to get comfortable and sighed contentedly.  Lord Leggid had, quite abruptly, decided to take the afternoon off and the throne room felt empty.  After sitting for a while, gazing in awe at his surroundings, he stood and began to walk along the red carpet that led from his throne to the entrance.
Yes, yes.  I'm your new King! he said, holding his head up high and gesturing eloquently to his imaginary guests.
He cocked his head and turned abruptly.
Oh... you are too kind.  Thank you ever so much for your wonderful compliments.  Yes, I know I'm rather dashing.  Im certainly more dashing than your last King who resembled a fat frog.
Jakob continued walking until he reached an alcove in the wall which boasted an elegantly crafted table with a small bowl of chocolate truffles resting on it.  Spotting the truffles, he smiled broadly and bowed low.
Oh my!  Oh my!  What a thoughtful gift for your new King.  Ill think of each and every one of you whenever I sample one of these scrummy looking truffies. 
With that, he grabbed the bowl and dashed along the red carpet to his throne.   Once seated, he placed the bowl on his lap and popped three truffles in his mouth.  Just then, the doors to the throne room burst open and a distressed looking man rushed inside.  Jakob watched him intently.  He was dressed in a green tunic and trousers, which clashed with his bushy red hair. He was also the proud owner of some extremely large ears which didnt look in proportion to the rest of his face.
Your Majesty, Your Majesty.  Apologies for this intrusion but I have some shocking news from the Gurleshi swampland.
 Jakob continued to chew on the truffles, his face scrunched up in delight.
These are ever so nice.  I dont often get the chance to taste truffies. Can you get different flavours?
The messenger shuffled awkwardly, watching as Jakob swallowed and reached for another.
Sire, this is ever so important. Could I please have a moment of your time?
Jakob nodded.  Yes, quite right.  Glad you agree that its important.  A honey truffie would be ever so tasty, don't you think?
Might I point out, Your Majesty, theyre truffles, not truffies.  Now please, may I have your attention, Sire?
Truffies sound so much better - I think I'll make it so every sweetie store in the kingdom changes the name.
Jakob stuffed another small handful of truffles into his mouth. The messenger was beginning to get agitated.  He clenched his fists tightly.  
Your Majesty! As I was saying, weve received terrible news from the Gurleshi swampland.  Eresha, the Lizard Queen has captured Lord Henry Bolton and is planning to devour him unless we provide her with the deeds to the land.
Ooh! Jakob said, swallowing greedily. Isn't she the one with the big green boo...
Sire, interrupted the messenger. That is beyond the point!  Please take this seriously.  King Segrind was very strict about granting his territory to others, especially under hostile circumstances.  I need to let Captain Reynolds know if you wish to take military action.
Jakob sat back with a thoughtful look on his face, pondering the situation.
I have it! he announced with a smile. Give her what she wants, and also a hundred boxes of truffies. I might even get to take her out on a date if I'm lucky, eh?  That would get folk talking.
Your Majesty! 
The messenger stood at the door, unmoving, his gaze fixed on Jakob.
Ah, ha, Jakob continued, I know why youre looking at me like that and I guess you're right.
The messenger rolled his eyes.  I'm glad you've decided to reconsider the situation, Sire.  Some decisions can be made rashly and regretted at a much later date.
Yes, yes. I'm not as stupid as some people think.  We can't have folk talking about me behind closed doors more than they do now, eh?
Yes, Your Majesty and I feel it prudent to mention that youre certainly a major topic of conversation right now, at all levels in society.
Jakob smiled at the messenger before returning his gaze to the bowl of truffles.  He sighed.
It's a tough decision, but probably for the best.
The messenger nodded expectantly.
Go on then, youve twisted my handie. You can have my last truffie. Don't want people thinking I'm greedy, eh?

*  					* 			 *  *

The messenger flinched as Captain Reynolds slammed his hand on the table.
He said what?
He erm... wants us to give the swampland to Eresha along with a hundred boxes of truffles for the inconvenience.
The Captain stood; his huge frame dwarfed the messenger.  
 Who is this new King?  Ive yet to meet him.  Is he an idiot?
Well, from what I understand, that's exactly what he is.  Jakob Flint is his name and hes followed his father's footsteps to fame as the Bushwood village fool.
 This cant be happening!
Captain Reynolds paced slowly around the room, his head low.  The messenger waited patiently; he shuffled nervously, unsure of what to say or do.
Very well, announced the Captain. Do as the fool King has requested.  Get the truffles, let Eresha know the swampland is hers and bring back Bolton in one piece.
The messenger looked puzzled.  Captain?
One thing Ive learnt throughout my years of service is that the King's command must be obeyed.  Its not of consequence who sits on the throne, even if it is only a fool. The King cannot be overruled.
Are you serious? You want me to order one-hundred boxes of truffles and give them to the Lizard Queen, along with the new territory?
Captain Reynolds watched the messenger intently with his dark eyes.  
No! Be clear that I don't want you to do this but the fool King does.  Only when things start to go amiss and the High Council begin to lose faith in their new King can we push him back out into the gutter where he belongs.
The messenger grinned slyly.  I see.  Youre very clever, Captain.  In that case, Ill prepare for the journey immediately.  I should have Bolton out of the swampland by nightfall.
Captain Reynolds nodded. Good.  I have a meeting next week at the castle to discuss military matters with Lord Leggid and this so called King.  It should prove to be quite amusing.
I'm sure it will, Captain. Ill keep you informed of my progress with Eresha.
The messenger left the room and Captain Reynolds picked up an apple from the fruit bowl.   He held it in one hand and squeezed it tightly until there was nothing but pulp remaining.  
If only this apple was the Kings head, he snarled.

 
CHAPTER 9
LESSONS TO BE LEARNT

Jakob stretched out on the throne and yawned sleepily.  It had been a long day and he was feeling extremely hungry and tired.  Nobody had brought him any lunch and he was beginning to feel rather disillusioned with his expectations of having a full belly every day.
Just as he closed his eyes and began to drift off into a light sleep, somebody coughed loudly next to him.  Jakob jumped and opened his startled eyes. Standing in front of him was Lord Leggid, his round, grinning face peering down at him.  Jakob thought it resembled a manically carved pumpkin. 
"You should be more careful," Lord Leggid said softly. "You'd make an assassin's job an easy one, snoozing in your throne like that."
Jakob sat up straight and rubbed his eyes. "You scared me.  You shouldn't creep up on people like that and, anyway, I wasn't asleep.  I was just resting my eyeballs." 
Lord Leggid's grin widened.  "Yes, of course.  You were just resting your eyeballs.  How very eloquently put."
"Ooh, thanks," Jakob replied, adjusting the crown on his head. "I've been practising my speaking, trying to sound more kingly."
Lord Leggid nodded.  "Thats exactly why Ive returned.  The High Council sent a messenger my way, asking me to advise you on your duties.  It appears that I forgot to impart some of my wisdom to you."
Jakob smiled. "Oh, don't you worry about that.  I've been doing fine all day.  I've helped lots of nice people."
Lord Leggid edged closer. "What do you mean, helped lots of people?"    
"Ooh, let me see.  Firstly, I helped a messenger who was worried about giving some land to the Lizard Queen.  Let me think, who came next..."
Lord Leggid blinked.  "Wait a moment! Did I hear you correctly?  Eresha, the Lizard Queen?"
"Oh yes, you know, the one with the creepy red eyes and big, bouncy..."
Lord Leggid frowned.  "No!  This is terrible. Please dont tell me you didnt try and thwart her plans?
Jakob stared blankly at Lord Leggid.
You gave her the land, didnt you?"
Jakob nodded.  "How did you know that?  Hey, I've also sent her some boxes of truffies which I'm sure shell enjoy."
Lord Leggid leaned forward, his face now red and bulging. He gripped both sides of the throne and Jakob shuffled backwards, unsure of his intentions.
"This is outrageous! You can't make important decisions like that.  I'm your advisor.  You don't make decisions without my guidance.  Is that clear?"
Jakob waved his finger at Lord Leggid.  "Ah, but you weren't here.  All I had was a bowl of truffies to keep me company."
Lord Leggid released his grip on the throne and began pacing around the room.  Jakob watched him, glumly.  "Also, why do you never call me Your Majesty like everyone else?  I sometimes think you don't really like me."
Lord Leggid chortled.  "Don't like you?"  
He stopped pacing and repeated more loudly, "Don't like you?"
Jakob nodded.
"You don't know the half of it," he said, his eyes wild. "As for calling you, Your Majesty, Ive every right to call you a plank if need be until I deem you worthy of a greater title."
Jakob rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Well, I guess I've been called far worse."
"Tell me," continued the lord, "what other remarkable and utterly spontaneous decisions have you made today?"
"Oh, lots.  Farmer Henfry came in to ask about Milly, his goat.  She's not very well and hasn't been producing much milk so..."
"A goat?" Lord Leggid interrupted.
"Yes.  He wanted to pay less tax for a month so he could get a new one."
"So, you obliged?"
"Oh, yes.  I found the nice treasurer and asked him to reduce his taxes for the month.  Ooh, I also gave him a cow to mate the goat with.  We should get some delicious milk from those two, eh?"
Lord Leggid groaned.
"Anyway, after that, it wasn't long until more farmers came in with the same problem.  It appears that all their goats were suffering from the same some sort of disease."
 Lord Leggid frowned. "Yes, it's called stupidity."
"Oh?" Jakob scratched his head.
"Is there anything else you need to tell me?"
"Let me think... Oh yes, I also gave Bushwood village and Grawton village lots of yummy food and wine.  Both the village elders came here to speak to me and asked if they could hold a party in celebration of my good news.
"Oh, this just gets better."
Jakob smiled happily while Lord Leggid stared blankly at the floor, pondering the situation.
"I'm going to the treasury to see what damage has been done.  I suggest you go to the dining hall and get something to eat.  After that, Id advise you to have an early night.  Tomorrow Ive something special planned for you."
"Ooh, that's nice.  I look forward to it."
Lord Leggid headed for the door and grinned evilly.  "Yes, me too."

*  					* 			 *  *

A little later, Lord Leggid burst into the Councillors chamber.  Sitting alone was Councillor Lewtt.  In one hand he held a small book and in the other, his chalice.
"Councillor, I can't take this anymore. That man is a fool!" Lord Leggid remarked.
Councillor Lewtt looked up inquisitively from his book. "Lord Leggid, I hardly think this is the time to discuss your personal issues with Councillor Rigdel - he's only just left the room to use the toilet."
Lord Leggid groaned.  "No, not him.  I'm talking about the peasant."
Councillor Lewtt placed the book and chalice onto the table and stared at Lord Leggid sternly.
"Who?  King Jakob?"
"Yes, him! He's already cost the royal treasury two gold coins and eighty silver pieces.  Also, over the next two months we'll receive three gold coins less in taxes."  
"Consider your position here, Lord Leggid and consider it carefully.  Although youre a lord and advisor to the King, it isnt fitting for you to speak about him in this manner."
Lord Leggid's left eye twitched. "With respect Councillor, how do you expect me to stand here and watch the Kingdom fall to ruin while our new King spends excessively on the peasant population?  It's an outrage."
Councillor Lewtt reached for his chalice and sipped from it slowly.  "To be honest, I believe hes rather clever."
"Clever? What do you mean clever?  He's a village fool."
"No, Lord Leggid, he's your King.  Itll do you good to remember this from time to time.  The treasurer has already informed us about the decisions King Jakob has made today. If you think about it carefully, gaining the support of his peers during this difficult transition can only be a good thing."
Lord Leggid stood silently, his eyes shifting from Councillor Lewtts steady gaze.
"Also, quite curiously, don't you find it admirable that he is spending the coffers on others rather than himself?  A jug of this fine wine costs the royal treasury at least three silver pieces and how many of these do you think we quaff each month?"
Lord Leggid nodded reluctantly, his eyes narrowed.  "Indeed, Councillor."
"So, you see, Lord Leggid, bide your time and bite your lip.  Ive a feeling that things will work out well in the end.  Now, let's pretend this conversation never happened, shall we?"
The door behind Lord Leggid opened and Councillor Rigdel entered the room, buttoning up his robe.
"Oh, have I missed something," he asked, looking around curiously.
"Nothing at all, Councillor," Lord Leggid replied, stomping out of the room.


CHAPTER 10
ERESHA THE LIZARD QUEEN

To the South of Bentworth castle, bordering the kingdom, the Gurleshi swampland was a hive of activity.  Hundreds of torches, propped up on poles, were lit in celebration of the feasting ceremony, which was about to begin.  
Queen Eresha sat on her mud throne, her green skin glistening in the torch light.  She wore a long, red robe which clung tightly to her curves and looked a rather uncomfortable fit.  Only those born of royal blood grew to a formidable size and Eresha was certainly a giant lizard, with layers of fat, which helped define her impressive frame.  All around her, lizard-men scampered about, attending to various duties in preparation for the ceremony.  
A stone table stood in the shadows near Eresha and lying on it was Lord Henry Bolton; his once expensive clothes now looked tattered and ruined.  His arms and legs were chained to the table preventing any opportunity to escape and he sobbed gently.
Please, I beg of you, let me go, he pleaded.
The Lizard Queen glanced to her side and sneered.  Her round face resembled a snake more than a lizard with her bulging cheeks and massive eyes.  
Silence! she said, scratching her nails on the hardened mud throne. I have waited far too long for your human friends to reach a decision and come to your aid.  Their time is up.
Lord Bolton yanked on the chains with the little strength he had remaining, but his efforts were futile.  He shivered.
Please, for pitys sake. What are you going to do to me? 
You, my pretty? The Lizard Queen grinned and rubbed her stomach slowly.  Youre going to be my dinner.
Lord Bolton screamed.

*  					* 			 *  *

Farther afield, Captain Reynolds messenger was trekking through the swampland.  The ground was cloaked with a thick mist, and he prodded the way ahead with a long stick.  Behind him, a guardsman held the reigns of a donkey which pulled a cart full of truffles.
Did you hear that, Harold? enquired the guard, glancing about nervously.
Hear what?
It was a haunting scream from somewhere in the distance. It sounded horrible, for sure.
Youre imagining things.  It was probably just the sound of a wild animal, or a lizard creature.
The guard looked up at the darkening sky.  The moon was almost full and the clouds menacing.
I thought you said wed be out of here by nightfall.  I dont like this one little bit.
Harold kept walking, prodding his stick into the wet ground. 
Well, I didnt think about the donkey when planning the journey, did I?  Its slowing us down. If it treads in the wrong place here, itll sink.
The guard patted the donkey, whispering words of encouragement to it, and then continued trudging behind. Aye, well, I hope its not much longer.
Ah ha! Found some more, Harold continued, wiggling his stick deep in the sludge.  This seems quite deep.  Wed best not try wading through it.
Harold changed direction and prodded the ground again.  Satisfied that it wasnt deep sludge, he waded through some murky water until he reached a rocky outcropping on the other side.  In the distance, he noticed the shimmer of torchlight.
Hey, I can see some lights in the distance.  We shouldnt be much longer.
Turning around, he noticed two muddy looking lizard-men standing by the donkey.  The guard stood helpless, his eyes wide with surprise.  One of the lizard-men held him tightly around the chest with his long, strong arms and covered his mouth to silence him. The other stood, holding a bow and arrow, pointed directly at Harold.
The uncomfortable silence was broken by another bloodcurdling scream, not too far in the distance.

*  					* 			 *  *

Queen Eresha, said one of the lizard-men, holding tightly to Harolds shoulder. Its my honour to present to you, this human scum.  Please consider me at your next ceremony.
Eresha wiped her mouth and walked slowly over to Harold and the guardsman, her red eyes glinting in the torchlight.  
Yes, that I will Aldrissk.  I assure you that Ill carefully consider your proposition.
Harold frowned at the Lizard Queen. This is disgraceful treatment of the Kings guard and messenger.  I would ask that you unhand us immediately.
Eresha smirked, her eyes wide with amusement.  Now, why would I want to unhand bearers of bad news?  Do I look foolish?  I know your King would never agree to my demands.
Harold shook his head.  Erm, you are mistaken, Queen Eresha. The King will gladly give you the land and he has also provided you with one-hundred boxes of truffles as a gesture of goodwill.
Eresha laughed sharply.  Dont dare mock me.  The King would never do such a thing.  This land borders your kingdom and your King is no fool.
Harold raised his eyebrows, and reached into his tunic for the deeds. Queen Eresha, I would never mock you.  Here are the deeds.
Queen Eresha reached out a scaly hand and grabbed the scroll.  Her eyes darted from top to bottom.
This certainly looks official, but who is this King Jakob?
King Segrind passed away and King Jakob is our new King.  He wishes to start afresh, thus why were bearers of such good news this day.
Queen Eresha appeared intrigued.  She read the document one last time, then rolled it up and slid it into her robe.
So, Harold continued, if you would be so kind as to release Lord Bolton, well be on our way.
Oh, Eresha replied, a vague expression on her face. Im afraid that wont be possible.  He...he escaped.
Escaped? Harold enquired.
Queen Eresha was about to continue speaking, but instead, she bent forward and started coughing.
Aldrissk released his hold on Harold and rushed to her aid.
What is it, my Queen? he asked, holding her arm gently.
Queen Ereshas face looked strained and she continued coughing and retching.  
Im choking... she said, in-between gasps.
Try patting her back, Harold said.
Aldrissk slammed his huge hand on to her back, almost knocking her over.  Queen Eresha spewed out a long finger with a bronze ring still intact.  It landed on the mud at Harolds feet.
Oh! said Harolds guard, his nose wrinkled. It looks like someones just eaten.
Yes, Harold uttered. It makes you wonder where Lord Henry Bolton actually escaped to.
Queen Eresha quickly stood on the finger with her scaly foot and pressed it hard into the mud.  She then cleared her throat. As I was saying, Lord Bolton managed to escape. I assure you that this finger was from an earlier meal.  The ring obviously caught in my throat.
Harold smiled weakly. Of course, Queen Eresha.  Now, if you dont object, wed like to head back to our Kingdom before the weather changes.
Oh, thats such a shame, she replied, her eyes flickering with humour. I was hoping to show my gratitude and invite you both to stay for dinner.
Harold glanced back at the ground where the finger was buried.
I hope you dont take offense if we decline tonight.  Perhaps some other time?
Eresha grinned, her sharp teeth on display for all to see.  She licked her lips with her forked tongue.
Yes, some other day. She nodded. Hopefully soon.
 

CHAPTER 11
LORD LEGGGIDS SURPRISE

The next morning, Jakob woke up very excited. He remembered that Lord Leggid had a nice surprise in store for him and wondered what it could be.  Juliet, the maid, stood next to the vanity screen and handed some clothes to him.
It might be some new clothes, Jakob said, grinning. Some baggy trousers would be nice.
Juliet smiled and swept her hair away from her big, green eyes.  I think you suit the tight trousers, Sire.  They make you walk funny.
Jakob poked his head up over the vanity screen, a big toothy grin on his face. You cheeky monkey, I dont walk funny.
Juliet giggled and he threw a slipper at her.
When I get these trousers on, Ill tickle you like a monkey.
Juliet shrieked and ran out of the room while Jakob hurriedly tried to pull his trousers up.  As soon as he managed to finally get them around his waist, he picked up the other slipper.
Im coming to get you, ready or not! 
Jakob ran to the bedroom door and straight into the arms of Lord Leggid.
What in Widdlelop are you doing? Lord Leggid said, brushing him aside.
Oh, Im sorry, Leggid. I was looking for a woman.
Lord Leggid glanced at the slipper clenched in Jakobs hand and frowned. Its good to see youre still taking your duties seriously.  Obviously, youve nothing constructive to do with your spare time.
Jakob hid the slipper behind his back and lowered his head.
Now, please put a shirt on and meet me in the courtyard, unless you dont want your surprise?
At the mention of a surprise, Jakobs face lifted and he rushed back towards the vanity screen to find his shirt.
Hey, wait a moment, he asked, turning around. What about breakfast?
Lord Leggid had already left the room and was walking along the passageway.  No time! he yelled. Your surprise is waiting.
Jakob pulled the shirt over his head and ran for the door, wondering what surprise Lord Leggid had planned for him.

*  					* 			 *  *

In the castle courtyard, a long, wooden platform had been erected and many seats were scattered around it.  Guardsmen dressed in their finery stood at either side of the platform, and noble men and women were arriving through the archway into the castle grounds.  Jakob spotted Lord Leggid standing by the platform and dashed over to him.
Woo-hoo! This is wonderful. Are we going to be watching a show? he asked, excited by the hustle and bustle of the growing crowd.
Not quite, Lord Leggid replied, scratching his nose. You see, I thought it would be an idea for all the nobles in the Kingdom to meet you in person.
Oh, Jakob said, glancing around curiously.
The stage is actually for you and theyll be watching you perform.
Jakob chuckled nervously. Me, perform? I cant perform.  I dont even dance well.  Im like a wooden doll with strings.
Lord Leggid rolled his eyes.  Well, King Segrind always held an annual event at Castle Bentworth.  On his death I cancelled it but, yesterday, I decided to send some messengers out to get things moving once again.
Oh, I see, Jakob said, his face blank. Its an event, huh?
Jakob watched the crowds of people walking into the castle grounds and spotted some familiar faces amongst them. Hey, isnt that the Jacklin brothers over there?  They arent nobles.
Indeed. Lord Leggid smirked. Theyre probably taking part in the competition.
Competition?
Yes, King Segrind was a very keen wrestler.  He simply adored jumping into the ring and competing against commoners.  Its a test of strength, skill and pride you see.
Youre pulling my leg, arent you?
Im most certainly not, Lord Leggid continued, but, I imagine one of the Jacklin brothers will be later.
Jakob gulped.
I just know youll want to follow in King Segrinds footsteps and not let these good people down.
Jakob stood in silence.  He watched the spectators take their seats and noticed a few appeared to be pointing at him and laughing.
The Jacklin brothers are competing for the very first time, Lord Leggid continued. If youre fortunate, you may have the opportunity to roll around the ring with them later.
Jakobs legs felt weak and he wanted to run away.
"Of course, King Segrind was quite a large, heavy man, which is probably why he enjoyed competing so much, Lord Leggid pointed to the platform. Ah, look over there.  All the competitors are beginning to line up."
Jakob glanced at the far side of the platform. Some of the largest and most brutal looking individuals he had ever set eyes upon were lining up to take part.  Looking down at his scrawny frame, he noticed his legs were wobbling.
"You're joking, aren't you?  You don't really want me to go out there and wrestle with all those giants, do you?"
Lord Leggid laughed and patted him on the back. "Of course not."
Jakob breathed a sigh of relief.
"You're only going to be wrestling with the winner, just like King Segrind used to do."
Jakob's mouth dropped.  Lord Leggid grabbed his arm and led him up some steps to a wide balcony overlooking the platform.  Two comfortable, padded chairs stood by the wall and a table with a jug of wine and a bowl of truffles was placed between them.  Normally, Jakob would have grabbed a handful of truffles and quickly devoured them but, on this occasion, he'd lost his appetite.  He was more interested in trying to find a way to escape the tournament.  From his vantage point on the balcony, he noticed a large circle which had been painted onto the platform floor.
"The rules are quite simple," Lord Leggid said. "Even you should have no difficulty comprehending them."
Jakob felt sick and sat on the nearest chair, waiting for events to unfold.
"Two of these strapping fellows will wrestle in an attempt to force each other out of the circle.  The winner is the one who remains in the circle.  It's an exciting event and I can tell you that over the years I've witnessed many broken limbs and immeasurable amounts of pain and suffering down there."
Jakob didn't wish to hear anymore.  He wanted to crawl back to his barn in Bushwood village and relax in the hay away from this horrible experience.  	Unfortunately, he was stuck at the tournament now and there didn't appear to be much he could do about it. 
Before long, the crowds settled and Lord Leggid made his way to the platform to present the event to the blood thirsty audience.
"Welcome everybody, to the annual Widdlelop Wrestling tournament and thank you all for coming at such short notice.  This is a wonderful turn-out."
The crowds cheered and there was a buzz of excitement in the air.  Lord Leggid held his arms up to calm everyone.
"I know you've all probably heard about our new King and how he's quickly adjusting to his new position in society..."
At this, laughter erupted from the crowd and Lord Leggid waved his arms again to hush everyone.
One of the spectators shouted, "I hear there's a new breed of goat in the Kingdom since the King took to the throne!" 
"Oh aye!" yelled another. "It resembles a cow with a goatee beard."
Jakob smiled weakly as the crowds continued to laugh.  He shuffled back on his chair, trying not to draw attention to himself.
"Quiet please!" Lord Leggid yelled. "As I was saying, King Jakob has agreed to follow in the late Kings footsteps and wrestle with the victor of this tournament.  Such bravery should be commended."
The crowds cheered and Jakob waved his hand loosely in the air, wishing he was somewhere else  anywhere but Bentworth castle.

 
CHAPTER 12
LET THE WRESTLING BEGIN

With Lord Leggids approval, the wrestling competition soon went underway.  The first two wrestlers stepped onto the platform and the audience cheered and hollered from all corners of the courtyard.  The noise was deafening.  
Jakob watched the proceedings and winced as blows were exchanged.  The competitors were thrown, bent, slammed, jabbed and sat on in the most unusual positions.  Regrettably, the Jacklin brothers appeared to be most popular choice with the crowds as they effortlessly ploughed their way through all the challengers.  Boris Jacklin even managed to hurl a giant of a man over the side of the platform, crushing the spectators below.
As time went by, Ferrid Jacklin was knocked out and Jakob prayed that his brother would meet a similar fate. The last match was between Boris Jacklin and a very hairy man who resembled a giant ape more than a human.  His physique matched Boris but he was much taller, more tanned and had long, ragged hair.
"Oh dear," Lord Leggid remarked, quivering with excitement.  "Young Jacklin over there is up against last years winner, Gorrin the Fist.  This should be such an exciting match.  Who would you like to win?"
Jakob stared blankly at Lord Leggid.  He felt as though this was a horrible dream and that he would wake up any moment in his comfortable bed in the castle.  "To be honest, I'm feeling a little bit sickly.  I might have to give this a miss."
Lord Leggid pressed his hand on Jakob's shoulder, holding him down as he tried to get up.  "Oh no, you don't.  You wouldn't want all these people to think you're a coward, would you?"
Jakob watched the crowds, standing and cheering as the competitors faced each other in the ring for the first time.
"I don't care what they think.  My mother always told me that if I don't run, I won't have fun."
"But, if you run then these people won't respect you as their King."
Jakob wasn't listening.  He tried to stand, but Lord Leggid held on to him tightly.
"Look, all you have to do is step into the ring, run around a bit and then deliberately fall out of the circle.  This means that youll lose the competition, but at least you won't lose face and will still have the people's respect."
Jakob pondered his words.  "Did King Segrind ever lose a match?"
Lord Leggid smiled. "He did lose one match, but that was due to a leg injury.  It's not all about strength, you know.  You're far sprightlier than these big oafs and the winner will be exhausted after this match."
Jakob reconsidered his position.  He watched as Gorrin the Fist held Boris in a head-lock while sitting on his back.  "Okay, I'll do it," he said, glumly.
"Wonderful, simply wonderful." Lord Leggid clasped his hands together, a glimmer of amusement in his eyes.
Back on the platform, Gorrin now held Boris above his head, ready to throw him out of the circle, but Boris wasn't defeated just yet.  He grabbed Gorrin's hair and yanked it viciously.  Gorrin screamed and released Boris who fell to the floor.  Quickly, he swept out his feet and knocked his opponent over.   He then clambered on his back and sat on his head while bending his arm in a painful position. 
"Oh dear."  Lord Leggid shuddered.  "I can see what's coming next."
Boris stood and grabbed Gorrin's hands.  Jakob watched in astonishment as he heaved him, almost effortlessly, off the floor and began to swing him in the air. 
Lord Leggid sighed.  "Such wonderful, brute strength.  It reminds me of my youthful days..."
Jakob wanted to make a witty reply but was too busy watching the competitors spinning around the ring.  After gaining momentum, Boris released Gorrin.  He flew over the circle and landed with a heavy bump on the platform before crashing down the steps to the feet of the astonished spectators.  He looked up groggily and then collapsed.
Lord Leggid stood and clapped.  "We have a victor!"
The crowds stood and cheered ecstatically, arms waving in the air.  Boris wiped his brow and grinned.  He turned to the balcony and pointed at Jakob. Everyone followed his gaze and began chanting.  
"King Jakob!  King Jakob!  King Jakob!"
Jakob stood uneasily, and reluctantly left the balcony to make his way over to the platform. The crowds began to chant his name louder and louder, until it became an almost deafening roar.  His last thought before shakily climbing the steps was 'If you dont run, you won't have fun'.

*  					* 			 *  *

Jakob climbed the steps to the platform and entered the circle.  He stepped closer to Boris, waiting for Lord Leggid to give the command to wrestle. Boris licked a bleeding cut on his knuckle and grinned at him.  
"I've been looking forward to this, Scamp."
Jakob smiled weakly. "I'm so glad I'm able to make somebody else happy today.  Oh, and next time you talk to me, please refer to me as King Scamp."
"King?  Don't make me laugh.  I don't know how you managed to get that ticket back and escape a beating the other day but now its pay-back time."
Lord Leggid was still standing on the balcony with a huge grin on his face.  He rubbed his hands together gleefully in anticipation of the coming battle.
"Let the match begin!" he yelled at the top of his voice.
Jakob wasn't hanging about to get punched.  He darted behind Boris and leapt on to his back.  Boris grunted and tried to grab his leg but Jakob was too quick and wrapped his legs around his head. 
"Yeehaa! Giddy up horsy!" Jakob yelled, much to the crowd's delight.
Boris was furious.  He flayed his arms in the air and managed to grasp Jakob's leg.  Yanking him off his back, he threw him hard to the floor.  Jakob landed on his side, his elbow slamming into the wood.  
"Ouch! My funny bone!" he yelped.  
He rolled over and clutched his elbow, screaming and laughing at the same time with the strange tingling sensation.  Boris stood to his side, watching him squirm as the crowds continued cheering and laughing at the spectacle. 
"I'm glad you find this amusing, Scamp.  Now, how would you like a nice thick boot in your belly to make your day extra special?"
Jakob held tightly to his tingling elbow, not even attempting to stand.  "Ooh, no thanks, I'm looking forward to lunch and your boot would just fill me up."
Boris snarled and lifted his foot in the air.  Just as he was about to bring it down, Jakob rolled out of the way.  
"Come back here!" Boris stamped on the platform in frustration.
He followed Jakob, trying to stomp on him, but he kept rolling out of the way.  Jakob could see the painted circle next to him and tried to roll over to it but Boris grabbed his foot and dragged him back.
Now then, scamp.  Its time to turn the lights out.
Boris leapt into the air and Jakob watched helplessly as he landed on top of him, his full weight pressing down.  Jakob wheezed and the pain wracked his body.  It then went dark.

 
CHAPTER 13
A MEETING IN THE DARK

Lord Leggid was sitting in a small, dimly lit chamber.   The only light source flickered from a candle that stood inside a clay cup near the centre of table, like a beacon of hope to those sitting around it. 
"So," Lady Catherine said, her hands resting together on the tabletop as if about to recite a prayer, "now that we're all here, should we begin?"
Lord Leggid nodded and shifted his gaze to Captain Reynolds.  He looked fearsome in the gloom of the room; his eyes lit up with the candlelight and his tattered beard resembled that of a savage beast.
"Yes, let's begin," agreed the Captain. "I've got some questions that need answering before the general meeting tomorrow."
"Let's start with your questions then, shall we?" Lord Leggid said.
"Well, why don't I give you all three questions at once?  Im sure youll have a good answer for each of them." Captain Reynolds sneered. "Firstly, what's gone wrong? Secondly, why aren't you the new King like we planned and thirdly, who's the idiot sitting in your throne?"
"Yes, well...They're all very good, relevant questions and Lady Catherine and I have already spent much time deliberating over them."  Lord Leggid paused a moment to consider his thoughts. "I must have lost the winning ticket.  It's the only explanation.  Obviously, the fool managed to find it."
"Oh..." replied the Captain, his voice low and threatening, "That just takes the biscuit now, doesn't it?"
"It's hardly his fault," Lady Catherine said. "Rather than leave the ticket lying around the castle for a servant to discover, at least he had the sense to carry it with him at all times."
"Well, at least hes got more sense than the fool.  Everywhere I go, I hear people talking about King Jakob.  They're all laughing behind his back," Captain Reynolds said.
Lord Leggid frowned.  "Not everyone. High Councillor Lewtt seems to think hes very clever."
"Clever?" Lady Catherine laughed sharply. "If that fool is clever then the Councillor must think us Gods." 
"Regardless of how people view him, we can hardly laugh.  At the moment, hes the one with the crown on his head," Lord Leggid said.
"I've spent twenty years in the service of this Kingdom," Captain Reynolds said. "I've spilt the blood of hundreds of lizard-men and helped defend our coast against the barbarian hordes that have threatened us. Now, tell me, what have I gained from all this loyalty?"
Lord Leggid lowered his eyes and shifted uncomfortably in his seat.  "Well, you're a well-respected Captain in charge of knights and guardsmen.  Its a worthy title for sure."
"More importantly," Lady Catherine added, "you're alive and well."
"Hmph Yes, I'm alive and well, but my rank is a mere title.  With Leggid as King, I was promised wealth and land. You can't deny I've done all you've asked over the years and now I want what I was promised."
"You'll get your wealth and land," Lady Catherine continued, but first, we must deal with the new King."
Captain Reynolds stood, his mighty frame casting an eerie shadow on the walls. "That's easily done.  I'll go now and ring his scrawny neck while he sleeps."
"Don't be foolish," Lady Catherine said. "The last thing we need right now is a murder investigation.  It might open old wounds."
Captain Reynolds grunted, and returned to his chair, his huge fists clenched tightly together. "Do you have a better idea?"
Lord Leggid nodded. "We need another accident."
"Yes," Lady Catherine agreed. She smiled wryly. "But, this time, it cant be a hunting accident.
Why ever not? asked the Captain.
Well, it may have been a coincidence that the King and his previous advisor both died on hunting expeditions, but people will start asking questions if their new King also meets a similar fate."
"So, what do you suggest?" asked the Captain, leaning closer.
"Leave it to me." Lord Leggid smirked. "I've already managed to give him a good bruising today without even laying a finger on him.  Next week, once hes recovered, I'll finish the job with a little weapon training."
Lady Catherine smiled.  "Very good.  Once weve got rid of him then you, my dear Leggid, as the King's personal advisor, can make claim to the throne."
Lord Leggid rubbed his hands together and stared lovingly at Lady Catherine. "Yes, My Dear, and then you'll finally become my Queen."
Captain Reynolds stood and burped loudly. "At this point, I'll leave you two love-birds together.  I'm starting to feel slightly nauseous."
"Indeed, until tomorrow then, Captain.  It should be an interesting meeting," Lord Leggid replied.
Captain Reynolds opened the door to the chamber and glanced back. "Don't mess things up. I need my money, and I'm losing my patience."
With that, he stepped out into the passageway, leaving Lady Catherine and Lord Leggid alone, gazing into each others eyes.  After a moments quiet, from the far corner of the room, a shadow shifted and a figure crept silently past the table and out through the open door.
 

CHAPTER 14
THE GENERAL MEETING

Jakob started the morning a bit later than usual.  His body still ached from the wrestling match and his mouth felt a bit swollen.  Juliet yanked open the bedroom curtains and light flooded into the room.  Jakob pulled the covers tightly over his head.
Good morning, Sire. I hope youre feeling better?
Jakob lifted the blankets higher and peered downwards.  He shrieked and sat up abruptly.
Umm, why am I naked?
Juliet smiled and reached underneath the bed to retrieve the toilet pot.
Hey, and what are you doing with my goody jar?
Juliet giggled. Goody jar?  This is your toilet, silly.
What do you mean my toilet?  Ive just been doing it out the window like the villagers do in Bushwood.
Oh no, Sire, you should never do that here.  What if something was to land on a castle guard... or even worse, Lord Leggid himself?
Jakob grinned. I never thought of that. So, rather than put my spare truffies and cake in the jar, you want me to use it as a toilet?
Of course, Silly.  Youre a King now, not a hairy monkey. 
Jakob raised his eyebrows.  Im not hairy, and if anyones a monkey, its you  a cheeky one. You just wait...
Juliet giggled and ran for the door. Jakob was just about to pull off the bed covers and chase her when he remembered that he was naked.
Hey, wait a moment.  Did you take my clothes off?
You had a terrible day yesterday, Sire.  They say it took five guards to get that horrid man off you.  When they brought you up here you were all black and blue.
Yes, but why arent I wearing my cosy pyjamas?
Juliet blushed. Well, I had no other choice but to undress you, Sire.  The ovate gave me some ointment to rub on your skin to reduce the bruising and swelling.  I was then advised to let your skin breath.
Jakob leaned forward, a look of concern on his face. Did you wear the blindfold?
Juliets eyes fluttered. Erm, of course, Sire.
Jakob smiled happily and watched as Juliet opened the bedroom door and left the room.  Just as he was about to leave the bed to get dressed, she poked her head back into the room.
Oh, I had to take it off though.  I couldnt see a thing.
Juliet laughed shrilly and ran down the passageway, much to Jakobs dismay.

*  					* 			 *  *

For much of the morning, Jakob spent time in the throne room assisting villagers with their problems under the watchful gaze of Lord Leggid.  He managed to escape at lunchtime to eat some well deserved lunch and then joined Councillor Lewtt in his chamber.   The old man was sitting with a book and sipping wine from his chalice.  Councillor Rigdel was nowhere to be seen.  Noticing Jakob, he gestured over to the wine bottle.    Are you sure I cant tempt you with a drink of this fine wine, Your Majesty?
	No, thanks, Jakob replied. Ive just eaten and it would spoil the taste in my mouth.
Hmm, you may need a drink.  It might help.
	Help with what?
Well, Im of the opinion that this general meeting later today will not bear good news.
	Ooh, whyd you think that? Jakob asked, a bemused expression on his face.
	Well, as Councillor, its always good to have your ear pressed firmly against the wall.  Its something I learnt a long time ago.
	Jakob shuddered. Thats a bit creepy.  Arent you in the bedroom next to me?
	Just as Councillor Lewtt was about to reply, the door to the chamber opened and a tall gentleman wearing a fine waistcoat and tunic entered the room.   He bowed low with enthusiasm and smiled at the Councillor and King.
	Good day, Your Majesty, and Councillor Lewtt.  I apologise for my delay in getting here but, a little earlier, I had an accident with my lunchtime spaghetti.
	Oh, dear, Councillor Lewtt replied. That mustve been rather distressing for you.
	The man nodded.  More so for my new tunic and trousers, Councillor.  It may take more than a few maids to remove the staining.
	Indeed.  The royal chef does tend to be rather over-enthusiastic with her use of tomatoes.  Anyway, mind my manners.  King Jakob, have you met Lord Brixton, our Chief Treasurer, before?
	Jakob lowered his head slightly. Urm, yes, we met at lunchtime today.  We sort of bumped into each other while he was eating his spaghetti.
	Oh...
	Lord Brixton smiled. Ah, not to worry, Your Majesty.  Its merely one of the hazards of working in Castle Bentworth during this difficult period of change.
	Jakob returned the smile and Councillor Lewtt gestured to the chair opposite him.  Please, take a seat.  I believe we have much to discuss and time is pressing.
	Lord Brixton accepted the invitation and sat at the table.
Dont let us keep you, Councillor Lewtt said to Jakob. Were just discussing the current financial situation and I know you have subjects that need your guidance in the throne room.
Is it anything I can help you with? Jakob asked.
Well, if you can think of ways to help us earn some extra coins, that would be most welcome, Lord Brixton said.
Ooh! Jakob replied.  How about opening lots of truffie shops, everywhere?
Lord Brixton smiled weakly. Thats an interesting proposition, Your Majesty, but it would be at great expense and Im not sure about the true potential of the market.
Its the best idea Ive ever had, Jakob said. Truffies are lovely.  Id open shops in all parts of the kingdom.
Lord Brixton nodded impatiently. The important point you seem to be missing, Your Majesty, is that we are rather short of coffers.
	Jakob shrugged.  Isnt that a good thing?  Theres nothing worse than having to deal with people coughing and spluttering all over me with winter colds.
	Councillor Lewtt and Lord Brixton exchanged confused glances.
	And last week, Jakob continued, Farmer Rigsby snotted all over the throne room carpet.  It was disgusting.  I never realised anyone could have so much snot up their nose.
	Erm, Your Majesty, Councillor Lewtt replied. When Lord Brixton mentioned coffers, I believe he may have meant our gold, silver and copper reserves, not the peasant population suffering from colds.
	Ooh! I see.  Silly me.  Id best get back to the throne room then.
Indeed.
Jakob retreated to the throne room, a little embarrassed that he misinterpreted the situation. For the remainder of the day he continued to help his needy subjects and even managed to score points with Lord Leggid when he refused to pay a farmer compensation for all the bad weather hed been experiencing.

*  					* 			 *  *

By the time the throne room doors were closed, Jakob had forgotten all about the General Meeting he was due to attend and was looking forward to a quiet night of rest and recuperation. It wasnt until dinner time when Lord Leggid reminded him about it.  Nevertheless, the food was exceptional and this cheered Jakob up immensely. After devouring a delicious meal of roast duck, drizzled with a tangy plum sauce, Jakob followed Lord Leggid through the castle into the meeting room. 
A huge, circular table stood in the centre of the room and colourful tabards hung on the wooden panelling along the walls.  At the far side of the room, opposite the door, a wide window offered a beautiful view of the countryside.  Nobody else was in attendance.
"Well soon have to wear warmer clothing," Lord Leggid said, breaking the silence. "The evenings are beginning to get colder and darker more quickly."
As he spoke, a scroll came loose from his belt and fell to the floor.  Lord Leggid sighed and reached down to pick it up. Jakob noticed his huge bottom seemed to bulge and expand to twice the normal size as he bent over.  
"Ooh, yes." He grinned. "There's certainly a full moon tonight."
"Really?" Lord Leggid replied, oblivious to Jakob's comment. "I didn't notice."
As they both took their seats at the table, the door to the meeting room opened and Councillor Lewtt entered, followed by Captain Reynolds.
Ah, youve arrived already, Councillor Lewtt said. Its good to see youre both keen and eager to begin. 
Captain Reynolds stared at Jakob, a stony expression on his face.
Oh, King Jakob, Councillor Lewtt continued. This is Captain Reynolds.  He watches over the defence of our Kingdom and protects us from the lizard assaults.
Captain Reynolds nodded his head at Jakob and sat next to Lord Leggid.  The chair creaked with his weight.
Its nice to meet you.  Jakob eyed him up and down. Youre a big fellow, arent you? Im surprised you werent in the wrestling tournament yesterday.  Im still aching from it. 
Captain Reynolds grunted. Im not allowed to compete anymore.  I had a slight accident in my last competition where I pulled someones arm off.
Oh, Jakob continued, slightly flustered. Thats nice.
Councillor Lewtt sat beside Jakob and placed his hands firmly on the table.  Well, enough of the pleasantries for now.  We have important matters to discuss. If youd like to begin now please, Lord Leggid.
Lord Leggid sat up straight and coughed loudly. Very well, Councillor. The first matter which I need to draw to your attention is one of much significance.  King Gravee, from the neighbouring Kingdom of Tyle, is asking us for aid against the barbarian hordes that attack his merchant vessels.
Ooh, thats terrible, Jakob uttered. We need to send him some help immediately.
Lord Leggid stared blankly at Jakob.  It may help if you knew all the facts first before quickly jumping to a conclusion.
Indeed, Captain Reynolds said, his dark eyes fixed on Jakob. The Kingdom of Tyle refuses to trade with us and theyve never once come to our aid against the lizard hordes despite our requests.
Ooh, Jakob said, scratching his head. I see what you mean.
Councillor Lewtt leaned towards Jakob. Your Majesty, this doesnt necessarily mean that we shouldnt come to their aid.  These meetings merely allow us to debate over the issues but the final decision is yours.
Jakob smiled. Thats wonderful.  I love making decisions.
Lord Leggid groaned.
Jakob continued, So, why does King Meaty not want to trade with us? 
Its not King Meaty, Your Majesty, Councillor Lewtt whispered. Its King Gravee.
Well, Lord Leggid explained, since I took over as the King's advisor, weve made an agreement with the barbarians.  They don't attack our coastal waters any more.  They don't raid our towns and villages and in return we simply trade weapons with them for furs, herbs and spices.  Its an amicable agreement, don't you think?
Councillor Lewtt coughed loudly. As you can imagine, Your Majesty, this is why King Gravee hasnt been overly friendly with us. 
Well, thats the only downside, Captain Reynolds explained. His kingdom borders ours and they refuse to trade with the barbarians.  I believe they tolerate our dealings with them, but diplomacy is limited.
Oh, I see, Jakob said, but why do the barbarians still attack his ships?
Quite simple, Captain Reynolds said. Theyre weakening King Gravees coastal defences and stealing the merchandise from his vessels.  Also, his people make good slaves.
Jakob frowned.  I dont agree with slavery. Everyone should be free to do what they want. 
Lord Leggid chortled. Thats the most ridiculous suggestion Ive ever heard.  Youve got slaves everywhere - look at your maids, your cooks and your messengers.  You dont pay them - they work only for shelter and food.
Councillor Lewtt shook his head. No, they work for their King.  They aren't slaves  theyre free to come and go whenever they wish.
Fine, pay them, Jakob said.
Lord Leggid frowned. What?  This is outrageous - pay our servants?
Yes, I want you to pay them.  Would you work for free?
Lord Leggids face dropped. He was speechless.
Very well, Your Majesty. Councillor Lewtt nodded in agreement. Ill organise a pay structure with the treasurer although well have to be prudent with their salaries.
Also, Jakob continued. I don't like these creepy barbarians.  We should all stick together and do something about them.
Captain Reynolds slammed his hand onto the table. We can't face a horde of angry barbarians  were stretched as it is patrolling our borders to fight off the lizard hordes.
I think your King has made himself quite clear, Councillor Lewtt said. We will unite with the other kingdoms and devise a strategy to defend ourselves against the barbarian threat.
Jakob grinned. He was enjoying making decisions and seeing everyones reactions to his suggestions. Lord Leggid and Captain Reynolds both looked increasingly agitated. 
Yes, and I want you to stop trading with them.   
Captain Reynolds leaned forward, his nose almost touching Jakobs. This is ridiculous - if we cancel our agreement with the barbarians theyll attack, and in numbers far exceeding our own.
Councillor Lewtt clapped his hands together loudly. Stop this immediately. The King has made his decision.  I'll send word to cancel the agreement and organise an envoy to negotiate with the Kingdom of Tyle.
Captain Reynolds returned to his chair. He stared intently at Jakob, a scowl fixed firmly on his face. Youll regret this decision.  Of that Im certain.
Jakob sighed. Another thing, I'm sick of everyone telling me what to do. 
We are merely advising you, Lord Leggid remarked. We are pointing out areas that you may have overlooked.
Exactly, Captain Reynolds said. Your decisions haven't actually had much merit so far, have they?
Councillor Lewtt stood and folded his arms. Whats wrong with you all tonight? Ive never witnessed this much negativity and bickering before at a General Meeting.
"With respect, Lord Leggid said. How in Widdlelop do you expect any of us to take the King seriously? He is making ill-planned, stupid decisions, which will have a devastating impact on our Kingdom.
Jakob sat quietly with his head down, fidgeting with his fingers.
"I agree," Captain Reynolds said. "King Segrind would never have granted the swampland to the Lizard Queen.  This only opens up our borders to more mayhem."
"Youre making an assumption here," Councillor Lewtt interrupted. "Theres no evidence to imply that Queen Eresha is planning an assault now that she has the extra land she wanted."
Captain Reynolds glared at Councillor Lewtt.  "Shes a cold hearted lizard who doesn't know remorse.  For pity's sake, she eats humans.  She even ate Lord Henry Bolton and had the nerve to lie about it to my messenger. She told him that he managed to escape."
"Lord Henry Bolton may very well have escaped," continued the Councillor. "The swamplands are a treacherous place to wander.  It's possible he may be lost or, dread the thought, perished out there."
Captain Reynolds rolled his eyes. "It's also possible that we may all be slaughtered in our sleep by an army of lizard soldiers because of our King's reckless decision."
Councillor Lewtt sat back and sighed. "Captain Reynolds, please do try to understand that the King has every right to make whatever sound decision he feels necessary given the circumstances of a particular situation."
Captain Reynolds leaned forward and slammed his hands down onto the table again. "Sound decisions?  Since when is giving the Lizard Queen a gift of one-hundred boxes of truffles a sound decision?"
Jakob smiled weakly. "I think it was a good decision. They were very tasty truffies and I bet the shopkeeper also made some money out of it."
Just as Captain Reynolds was about to reply, the doors to the meeting room opened and a small, scruffy boy ran inside.  He knelt by the table and peered up at everyone.
"Sorry for disturbing the meeting, Your Majesty. Councillor Rigdel has asked me to bring important news to you from the swamplands.
Jakob shrunk back into his chair.  His knees felt weak.  "Oh, erm...very well.  What news do you bring?"
Captain Reynolds smirked smugly at Jakob then returned his gaze to the messenger.  "Boy, is there an army of lizards approaching and the smell of death lurking in the air?"
The boy shook his head. "No, Captain.  I bring news that the Lizard Queen has died.  It appears she choked on some truffles."
The room went quiet, and Jakob glanced at Captain Reynolds and poked his tongue out.  "Told you so! She was probably allergic to nuts."
 

CHAPTER 15
ETTIQUETTE TRAINING

Jakob didnt do much over the weekend. He was grateful to discover that even Kings were provided with time to relax on Saturdays and Sundays. From finding the winning ticket on Monday and spending the remainder of the week as King, he was tired out physically and mentally.
On Saturday, he spent most of the day relaxing in bed, eating truffles and reading books. Sunday, he strolled around the royal gardens and spent some time getting to know Juliet a little bit better.  It wasnt until Monday morning, when Lord Leggid burst into his bed chamber, that reality once again crushed down on him.
Ah, good, Lord Leggid said, a huge smile on his face. The High Council has been pestering me to organise some etiquette training for you.
Etiwhat? Jakob replied, looking up groggily from his bed.
Youll soon find out.  Get your clothes on and make your way to the library.  Its through the door here, and up the stairs to the left.
Jakob rubbed his eyes and sat up.  Lord Leggid stood at the door watching him. He appeared to be mildly amused by something.
Come on, we havent got all day.
What about breakfast?
No time for breakfast today.  Youve much more important things to do.
With that, Lord Leggid left the room, humming a tune to himself. 
Someones in a good mood this morning, Jakob muttered, and climbed out of bed to get dressed.

*  					* 			 *  *

The library was a huge room with a magnificent, dome shaped, glass ceiling that reached as high as the castle towers.  Two long tables stood, side by side, near the centre of the room and, all around the walls, shelves were crammed full with tomes and scrolls.  Jakob waited for what seemed an age.  He sat slouched at one of the reading tables browsing through the pile of books abandoned by their previous owners.
"Hmm, The Military Banner, The Force of Charles VI, Lost Kindred, The Perfect Treasury, The Perils of Taxation - Not the most exciting reading," he said, flicking through the pages of one of the books. 
Further in the pile, he spotted a small book with a red cover.  Reaching for it, he smiled. "That's more like it - How to attract women by Lord Rufus.  A much more fun and enjoyable read."
Jakob began reading the book and tilted it to one side as he studied a vague illustration.  A loud cough from behind startled him.  Turning, he saw an old lady wearing a flowery dress and a straw hat standing by the door to the library. In her hand she carried a long cane.
"Ah, you must be Jakob," she said, sternly. "I'm Lady Frille, your personal tutor in etiquette. Ive been instructed to teach you in a manner like I would any other student until the training is complete."
Oh, yes, Im Jakob, he replied, softly.
Noticing the book in Jakob's hand, she continued, "Its good to see that you can read.  Many peasants dont bother to learn these days.  Its a disgrace.
Jakob closed the book and smiled. Oh yes, my mother always made me go to lessons.
Thats good. Mind, I do hope you're reading a book fitting for a King."
Jakob placed the book on the table and quickly repositioned another larger book on top of it. "Ooh, yes," Jakob replied. "This is the Perils of Kissing... Erm... I mean, Perils of Taxation.   
Lady Frille walked to the table and stood beside Jakob, eyeing him up and down.
"Well stand up, stand up," she said, tapping her cane on the table. "I can't see you properly when you're slouched on the chair like that."
Jakob stood and looked at her closely.  She had large, tired looking eyes and wore far too much makeup which almost concealed the sprouting hair on her chin.
"Ah, good.  You're nice and tall."  She poked him in the belly with her cane and Jakob wheezed. "A bit bony though in places.  King Segrind was a much fuller man.  You do have a nice prominent chin though, which is good to see."
"I was about to say the same to you," Jakob said, trying not to grin.
"Good, it's refreshing to see someone that scrutinizes the facial features of others.  You can tell a lot about someone by the bone structure in their face. My family all boast a long, firm chin.  It's all about breeding you know."
Lady Frille lifted her cane to Jakob's chin and tapped it gently.  "Raise it higher!" she commanded. "You're a King, not a goat."
Jakob raised his chin and grinned.  "Is that better?"
"Hmm...we'll need to sort your teeth out.  One of them is crooked.  We might have to force it into place and hold it together with some wire."
Jakob screwed up his nose.  "I quite like that tooth the way it is, thanks."
Lady Frille walked around the table and selected some heavy books. 
"What you like and what you get are two different things, Young Man, especially now that you're in a position of power and esteem."
She held each of the books out in an open hand, testing them for their weight.  
"Yes, these should do, nicely. Come here, please."
Jakob stepped closer to the old woman, wary of her cane, which she tapped gently on the oak floor. 
"Hold out your hands, please," she asked.
Jakob did as requested and held out his hands. In each she placed a heavy book and, surprisingly, also balanced one on his head.
"What are you doing, Woman?  Are you mad?"
Lady Frille stood with her arms by her side and scowled. "Mind your manners in the presence of a lady.  It is not respectful to refer to me as woman or mad."
Is crazy better?
"Now," she said, ignoring him. "Lift your chin up and walk around the table.  Very soon you'll have the elegance and grace of a noble."
Jakob held out his hands, trying to keep his balance.  He stepped forward carefully, one foot in front of the other and tried to navigate around the table.
"Very good," Lady Frille remarked, clapping her hands together excitedly.  "You're doing rather well for a beginner."
Jakob felt the book about to slip off his head.  He stopped walking and closed his eyes, trying to adjust its position by shifting his head slightly.  Unfortunately, it continued to slide and fell off. It hit his nose and landed on the floor by his feet.  Lady Frille slapped him on the bottom with her cane.
"Ouch!" he said, dropping the remaining books. "What was that for?"
"That was for being careless." She grinned wickedly. "Now hurry up, pick up the books and we'll try again."
After several more attempts, and a sore bottom to boot, Jakob managed to walk around the table without dropping the books.
"Woo-hoo!" he said. "I knew I could do it."
"Very good, you're coming along nicely. Keep it up and you won't walk like a peasant for much longer."
Jakob frowned.  "What do you mean walk like a peasant?  That's twice now Ive been told I walk like a peasant."
"A peasant has no grace, nor an aura of command or authority.  Next time you visit your village, study the people you're familiar with.  They walk with their heads low, hands in pockets and feet dragging through the dirt.  Does this explain to you how a peasant walks?"
"That's silly," Jakob replied. "You'd walk like that if you had no money and worked your fingers to the bone each day."
Lady Frille's face turned a shade of red. "How dare you!  I've always walked with grace and authority.  My chin is always held high.  This wouldn't change, even if I did live in squalor."
"That's it! I've spent most of the morning in here and all youve done is nag at me and slap me with your cane.  I can't take anymore.  I don't even want to change the way I walk or straighten my teeth."
Lady Frille looked flustered. She tapped the cane repeatedly on the floor. "You're going to have to, Young Man.  Lord Leggid has paid me a lot of money to make you fit to become a King and I don't want to let him down."
"Well, you can give the money back to him straight away, Ive had enough.
Lady Frilles jaw dropped and Jakob stormed out of the room with his head held high.
 

CHAPTER 16
WORDS OF ENCOURAGMENT

Jakob felt a bit distressed after the incident with Lady Frille and decided to walk downstairs into the scullery where he hoped Juliet would be.  Much to his delight, she was in the room but hard at work washing pots and pans.  While working, she hummed a merry tune which instantly lifted his spirits.  Jakob relaxed against the stone worktop and watched quietly as she burst into song, waving her scrubbing brush in the air.
The piper played his joyful tune and the maidens danced before the moon...
Jakob laughed and Juliet turned abruptly.   Noticing the King in the room with her, she shrieked and dropped a pan to the floor.
You terror! she said, clutching her chest. I mean, Sire.
Jakob grinned widely. Oh, dont stop for me.  Youve got a lovely voice.
Juliet smirked and then burst out laughing. Youre the first person ever to say that.
Actually, I love everything about you.  Jakob shuffled nervously. Your smile, Erm...the twinkle in your eye...
Juliet blushed. Your Majesty, you shouldnt really speak to me in this manner.  Its not fitting for a King to speak to his maid as such.
Jakob looked flustered.  He lowered his head briefly.  Juliet walked forward and touched his arm gently.
Anyway, I do have two eyes. Which one did you notice twinkling?  Was it my left or right?  
They both laughed and Juliet retrieved the pan from the floor. I dont know.  Although its flattering for you to say nice things to me, I do worry that people may think Im a distraction from your kingly duties.
Well, now that Im King, I dont care what people think.  Im allowed to say how I feel, arent I?
Juliet resumed washing the pots.  That depends.  You may be married soon.
Jakob cringed. Married?  No way! Id rather kiss a donkey than get married.  Whyd you say that?
Juliet kept her back turned and continued scrubbing, her head held low. No reason.
Jakob edged closer and scratched his nose. Come on, you can tell me
Well, promise you wont say anything?  Theyll send me out into the streets if they hear Ive been telling you things.
Jakob nodded.  Of course I wont.  Im daft, but not that daft.
Well, while cleaning, I heard the Councillors talking about how they thought it would be nice for you to have a wife on your arm.
Oh, Jakob said, his eyebrows raised. Shed have to be small to fit on my arm.
Juliet giggled and threw a dirty washcloth at him. Jakob ducked and it missed, making a wet splattering sound on the wall behind him.
Hey, no need for that!  Jakob grinned. Anyway, Im sure theres no rush for me to get married.  Theyre still busy trying to make me act like a King.
Youre a wonderful King as you are.  Youre kind, generous, thoughtful and caring.   If thats not acting like a King then what is?
Exactly, Jakob replied, grinning from ear to ear. I might just tell them that.
Juliet leaned over the basin and reached for another washcloth. Anyway, what have they got you doing now?
Well, Ive just escaped from another of Leggids surprises.  It was a hairy, old woman with a long stick, who kept prodding me with it.
She sounds beastly! Whatever was she prodding you for?
She was trying to make me walk funny.
Juliet burst out laughing and made way to the scullery door, her eyes wide with delight.
Hey, what are you laughing at?
With those tight trousers on Im surprised she didnt give you top marks.
Juliet ran for the door and Jakob dipped his hand into the basin for the washcloth.
You cheeky monkey, he said, throwing the cloth at her as she rushed through the door.
The cloth missed, but Jakob didnt mind.  He laughed and chased after her.  Times like this, he really enjoyed being King.  The other less important things, well, they could wait.
 
*  					* 			 *  *

Jakob relaxed on his bed.  It was a bright, sunny morning but he didnt want to get up.  He didnt feel motivated to deal with any of todays issues.  All he wanted was to relax in his room and spend some time with Juliet when she returned from her riding lessons.   At least Juliet always had a way of making him feel better, no matter how down he was feeling.
	Just as he was about to drift off to sleep, he was surprised to see Juliet had returned early from her riding.  She was rummaging through his cupboard and frantically hurling his clothes to the floor.  Noticing Jakob on the bed, she turned to greet him.  Jakobs mouth instantly dropped.
	Hello, Jakob.  Sorry about the mess, Im just having a clear out. Youve got too many loose fitting clothes here and Ive been ordered to ensure they are nice and tight.
	Jakobs eyes darted from her mouth to her ample chest, then to her suddenly huge belly and back to her mouth again.  He remained speechless.
	Are you okay? she asked.
	Urm.  No... I mean yes, I think.
	Juliet folded her arms and tapped her foot on the floor.  What do you mean, yes, you think?  Is everything okay?
	Jakob returned his gaze to her belly. Well, I was going to ask you the same thing.
	Is something the matter?  Come on, you know you can tell me anything.
	Well, actually, now that youve mentioned it, whats happened to you?  Whereve you been?
	Juliet smiled awkwardly.  You know where Ive been, stupid. Ive been horse riding.
	Horse riding?
	Yes, horse riding. Thats exactly what I said. You know, riding on my mount for miles through our wonderful countryside?
	Erm, yes I got that bit.
	So, whats wrong then?
Urm, did you eat the horse afterwards?
Juliet scowled.  How dare you make fun out of me!  Do you know how difficult it is to show my face looking like this?
Its not your face I was worried about.  Whats happened, Juliet?  Have you got trapped wind?
Juliet blinked and shook her head. No, Silly.  This is normally what happens when a lady is pregnant.
Jakob bit his lip.  Pregnant?
Yes, thats what I said.
When? How?
Well, Im sure you know how... Juliet replied, her face looking flustered, Erm, dont you?
Jakob continued to stare at her huge bulging belly. Urm  yes... but...
No buts, Juliet continued. Councillor Rigdel told me that you wanted a baby boy and this will be my wedding present to you.
Eh?  Wedding present?
Yes  and Ive thought of a name.  How about we call him Boris?  Dont you just love the name Boris?
Jakob immediately thought of Boris Jacklin and shook his head dramatically. No way.  You cant call him Boris.
Oh, Jakob, you disappoint me.  Dont worry though  Im having triplets  we can have other names.
At this, Jakobs eyes flicked open and he sat up with a jolt.   Looking around the room, he realised it was empty and that what hed just experienced was only a dream.  He flopped back down to his mattress and breathed a heavy sigh of relief.  His bed was wet with cold sweat but he didnt mind.  If the dream told him anything it was that he wanted to do things a little at a time and not be rushed into anything.  It was just like running a kingdom  a bit at a time until it reached perfection.


CHAPTER 17
ANOTHER SURPRISE

For most of the week, Jakob followed a regular routine.  In the morning, he would arise and have a light breakfast before taking a stroll through the royal gardens.  Sometimes he would ask Juliet to join him for some fresh-air and pleasant conversation while other times he would walk alone, pondering over his recent decisions.
After the morning walk, he would then visit Councillors Lewtt and Rigdel and sample some morning wine before heading to the throne room to spend the afternoon dealing with problems and issues.  This routine helped him adjust and become comfortable in his new position of power, but it wasnt long before Lord Leggid once again intervened.
Get up! Get up! Lord Leggid said, ruffling Jakobs hair in his bed.
Jakob looked up groggily from his sleep and rubbed his eyes.  Seeing Lord Leggid standing by the side of his bed, he pulled the blankets back over his head and rolled on his side.
Youve slept in  Come on, its weapons training morning.
Jakob remained unmoving.  Go away.  Im obviously having a bad dream here.  Either that or I need new locks put on my bedroom door.
I apologise for disturbing your sleep, but you must understand that weapons training is a vital part of your duties as King. You must learn to use a sword effectively to defend your Kingdom and its people.
Jakob sat up and slowly rubbed his face.  Wait a moment.  Did I just hear you say you were sorry for waking me?
Lord Leggid smiled weakly. Yes, of course. I dont generally make a habit of waking you up each morning, do I?
Jakob stretched and yawned loudly.  Actually, I suppose you dont.  Can I have some breakfast first?
Lord Leggid shook his head. No, its best not to fight on a full stomach.  Get dressed and meet me promptly at the armoury in the courtyard.
Jakob stretched again and poked his feet out from the bed covers.  He eyed Lord Leggid suspiciously.
If I so much as smell the Jacklin brothers in the courtyard I wont be lifting a finger, never mind a sword. The only thing Ill be lifting is a nice hot crumpet with melting butter.
Dont be silly.  Lord Leggid smirked. Its not a wrestling match or a competition.  Itll just be you learning a little bit of swordplay under my intense instruction.
Lord Leggid left the room and Jakob wondered what he meant by intense instruction.
*  					* 			 *  *

Lord Leggid waited outside the armoury while Jakob ventured inside to choose a sword.  The armourer was a big hunchbacked fellow with a huge belly, balding head and shifty looking eyes.  Upon seeing Jakob, he bowed low and grinned widely revealing a handful of missing teeth.
Ah, Your Majesty.  Its a great pleasure having you here in my store today.
Ooh, thank you, Jakob said, sniffing curiously; the store had an overpowering smell of stale wine lingering in the air.  
Glancing around, the room reminded him of a junk shop.  He could hardly move.  All around him, a multitude of weapons and pieces of armour hung on the walls and in display cases around the store.  The armourer remained standing behind the counter, his eyes still fixed on Jakob. He wiped his mouth and leaned forward.
Lord Leggid told me you were coming.  He asked me to give you a very special sword.  The armourer chuckled. He wants you to have one that wont break very easily.
Oh, Jakob said, trying not to breathe in too deeply. Thats very thoughtful of him.
The armourer turned and walked into the back room out of view. I wont be long  just wondering where I put it.
Jakob waited by the counter.  From the room he heard a dull thud and then something heavy drop to the floor.  Soon afterwards, someone else came out of the room; a tall, dark haired lady approached the counter.  She wore a hooded cloak, which draped over her body, but she had a kind face with wild eyes that darted around the room nervously.
Shhh, she said, holding a finger to her mouth.
Jakob leaned over the counter. Who are you? he whispered, and whats happened to the hunchback?
Never mind all that for now, she said, her voice soft and tantalising. You can keep a secret, cant you?
Jakob nodded eagerly.
Good, she said, drawing a line down the side of his face with her finger. Dont tell anybody about me or what happened here.  Im a friend and Im helping you, okay?
Ooh, okay.
From inside her cloak she pulled out a short sword.  It had two dragons heads entwined at the base and looked rather expensive. 
Use this sword.  Its special.  Youll find it much easier to wield than the rusty old blade that Humpy Horace here was going to give you.
Ooh, Jakob replied, reaching for the handle. Was that his real name, Humpy Horace?
Unfortunately for him, yes. She smiled wryly. Although, when he wakes up, he may find people start calling him Lumpy Horace.  Hell certainly find a big one on his head.
Poor Horace.  Jakob returned the smile.
Oh, youll need this as well. She handed Jakob a scabbard. Attach this to your waist.  You can put the sword into it safely when youre not using it.
Ooh, thank you ever so much.  Whats your name?
The lady smiled one last time while Jakob strapped the scabbard to his waist.  Now, that would be telling.
She winked and returned into the back room, closing the door behind her.  Jakob glanced down at his sword and waved it in the air.  He swung wide and, with a clang, knocked over a suit of armour. It crashed to the floor.
Oops! he said, clambering over the armour to the entrance.  Id better be careful with this.  Looks like it could do a lot of damage. 


CHAPTER 18
WEAPON TRAINING

Lord Leggid, the castle guard from the maze and Jakob walked through the royal gardens into the forest area.  The air smelt woody and damp, and Jakob was looking forward to learning how to swordfight with his new weapon.  Before long, they came to a clearing surrounded by bushes and heavy foliage. 
This is nice, Jakob said, glancing around.  Ill have to bring a picnic here one day.
Indeed, Lord Leggid remarked. Its very secluded here, and makes an ideal place to train undisturbed and, more importantly, away from prying eyes.
Jakob leaned against a tree and watched as Lord Leggid stood near the centre of the clearing, waving his sword in the air.  The guard sat on a rock close by and yawned, obviously wishing he was somewhere else.
What are you doing? Jakob asked.
A good swordsman always tests the balance of his sword before a meeting of blades.  I would advise you do the same.
Ooh, Jakob said. Dont worry about me. Ive already tested mine in the store.
Lord Leggid raised an eyebrow and continued sweeping his sword towards an imaginary opponent.
Whats the guard here for? Is he here to protect us?
Hardly, Lord Leggid replied. Im a capable swordsman and can certainly take care of myself.  Hes here merely to assist in case one of us has an accident.
Jakob waved at the guard and smiled. You just relax and dont worry. Im sure there wont be an accident.
The guard nodded his head, his face expressionless.  Lord Leggid stood with his legs slightly apart, his sword raised and his free hand hung loosely by his side.
Come on then, we dont have all day.  Show your sword and stand as I do.
Jakob unsheathed his sword and edged closer. Erm, why do I have to stand like you?
Lord Leggid sighed.  This is how a professional swordsman stands.  Your feet need to be shoulder width apart and you should keep your posture straight and your chest and torso forward.
Jakob adjusted his position and felt his tight pants rip. Oh, he said, looking down. I think Id better visit my tailor when I get back.
Lord Leggid smirked. Nothing is ever straightforward with you, is it?  Never mind, time is pressing and we must continue. The best way to learn is to try and defend against my attacks.   Are you ready?
 Not yet. Jakob raised his sword so both the tips touched.  Lord Leggid glanced at Jakobs sword, his eyebrows raised.
Thats not the swo... I mean, thats a remarkable looking sword youve got there.  Did the armourer give it to you?
Ooh, yes. Thanks.  He picked a nice one out for me.  Hey, I may even decide to keep it afterwards.
Lord Leggid frowned. Yes, I can see that  Ill certainly have a word with him later.
Without warning, he raised his sword higher and swung low at Jakob. Unprepared, Jakob stumbled backwards and the blade just missed him.
Hey, go easy on me will you? You nearly sliced my belly open.
Lord Leggid ignored him. He had a wild, determined look in his eyes. He stepped forward and swept his sword at him again.  This time, Jakob was prepared and reacted in good time.  The sword felt extremely light and nimble in his hand.  He lifted it with ease and it clashed against Lord Leggids blade, deflecting the blow. 
Jakob had never wielded a sword before but this blade certainly seemed remarkable.  It felt alive with a vibrant energy and it appeared to control the direction of his hand movements.  As he fought off Lord Leggids attacks, the sword compelled him to react as a natural swordsman should. 
Beads of sweat appeared on Lord Leggids forehead.  He stepped back and wiped his brow before continuing with the assault, sweeping his blade at Jakob in an attempt to break his guard.  With each attack, the blow was parried with ease.  Lord Leggid was becoming frustrated and reckless. He barraged Jakob with blows in an attempt to wear him down but still couldnt break through his strong defence.
In one last futile attempt, he swung wide and staggered. Jakob spotted an opportunity and nimbly stepped forward to take advantage of the situation.  He twisted his sword in an arc and in one swift movement brought it up, slightly touching Lord Leggids blade.  Within seconds he slid the sword down the side of his opponents blade and then jerked it back, disarming the startled noble.
Lord Leggid stood, frozen to the spot.  His sword fell to the damp earth and his eyes flickered with surprise.  Behind him, the guard didnt look drowsy anymore. He stood watching, his eyes wide and mouth open.  Jakob glanced down at the sword in his hand and scratched his head.  His eyes briefly met with Lord Leggids and then his stomach rumbled.
Oh, well, thank you for the lesson.  It was most enjoyable.
Lord Leggid remained standing in quiet contemplation.  The shock of defeat still didnt appear to have reached full impact.
Ill go and get some breakfast now.  Ive been promised some freshly baked crumpets this morning. Hey, well have to do this again some other time.
Jakob sheathed his sword and turned to leave the clearing.  He felt a cold chill on his bottom where his pants had ripped, but he didnt care.  He whistled a merry tune and walked towards the courtyard.  Crumpets always made him feel happy.
 

CHAPTER 19
PROVING HIS WORTH

The next morning, Lord Leggid awoke early to the sound of someone knocking gently on his door. He climbed out of bed and grabbed his dressing gown from his cupboard.
Who is it? he asked, pulling the gown over his head.
Its Lady Catherine.
One moment. 
He stared into the mirror on his dresser and fluffed up his thinning hair.  Once satisfied he looked his best, he walked to the door and opened it.  Lady Catherine stood in the passageway, arms folded and shivering.
About time, she said, walking into the room. Its cold out there and anyone could have spotted me lurking outside your bedchamber.
Lord Leggid closed the door and returned to his bed, patting the space next to him.  Its nice and warm in here.  Come in and cuddle up.
Lady Catherine smiled and lay down next to him, pulling the warm blankets up to her neck.  I came along as soon as I could.
I know, dont worry.  He sighed. I just needed to speak with you.  I have lots on my mind.
Oh? She huddled up closer to him. What things?
Well, the King is my main concern. Ive got a sneaking suspicion that hes not really a fool or a peasant.  I believe he may be acting.
Lady Catherine peered up at his face.  Acting?  Why ever would you presume such a thing?
Well, first of all, hes got Councillor Lewtt constantly defending him, no matter how ridiculous his commands or suggestions.  Then I discover hes an accomplished swordsman and find out he knocked out Humpy Horace, the armourer, just to get a better sword.
Lady Catherine sneered. I dont believe it. You think hes an accomplished swordsman?
I know it.  I had it all planned yesterday.  We were going to finish him off and make it look like an accident but he bested me in combat.
Bested you?  Lady Catherine looked intrigued. Thats impossible - you excel at swordplay.
Lord Leggid groaned. No, somethings not quite right about him.  He looks like an idiot and acts like an idiot but Im wondering if hes been sent here deliberately.  He might know things about us.
Thats nonsense.  You worry too much.  He probably learnt how to use a sword when he was a child.  The villagers are always fighting and squabbling over silly little things.
Lord Leggid turned on his side and placed his arm across Lady Catherines waist, holding her tightly.  Perhaps youre right.  Thats what I love about you. You always make me feel better.
Thats my main role in life, Dearest.  Now all we need to do is devise a good way to get rid of King Jakob, preferably using our brains rather than brawn.
Do you have any suggestions?
Lady Catherine smiled.  Oh yes, Ive got plenty of ideas, but they can wait. Weve much more important things to think about right now.
With that, they kissed.

*  					* 			 *  *

Later in the morning, over breakfast, Jakob sat at the table opposite Lord Leggid.  He bit into his lightly buttered crumpet and swallowed greedily while Lord Leggid finished his bowl of broth.
I wouldnt advise you to eat crumpets every day, Lord Leggid remarked, placing his spoon back into his bowl.
Oh, Jakob replied, wiping his mouth on his sleeve.  Whys that?
Well, they arent good for you.  You have about five buttered crumpets every morning.  Think about your waistline.
Jakob shook his head.  I havent got a waistline  thats why Im eating them every day.  I want to grow up big and strong like you.
Lord Leggids left eye twitched and he managed a slight smile. On the subject of growing up big and strong, how do you feel youre progressing as King?
Im really enjoying it.  You know, I missed my barn to begin with but its much more fun helping nice people each day rather than sitting around doing nothing.
Lord Leggid leaned closer to Jakob, his face sober. Can I tell you something in confidence?
Jakob stopped chewing. Oh, are my armpits smelly?  I didnt have my hot tub last night.
No, no, nothing like that.  I just thought it prudent to inform you about your current popularity.
Popularity?
Yes, how popular you are with the villagers.  How folk feel about you.
Oh?  Jakob placed his half-eaten crumpet back on the plate and swallowed what remained in his mouth. So, am I popular?
Lord Leggid shook his head.  Not quite.  You see, the people want to see a strong, determined ruler.  They want to feel safe in their homes.
Eh?  Its not as if I walk around the villages late at night eating people, is it?
Well, thats just it.  Something is eating your people.  Theres a cave close to Elson village in which a vile beast resides.  It feeds on any villagers that venture too close to the cave.
Jakob smiled. Youre pulling my leg, arent you?
Lord Leggid shook his head slowly.  Im most certainly not.  I know we havent seen eye to eye on occasion but things are moving along quite nicely and it would be good for you to get some recognition.
Hmm...Elson village is close to Bushwood, isnt it?
Indeed.  Its a half days travel by foot.
I shall send some soldiers there immediately to kill the horrid creature.
Lord Leggid waved his arms in the air.  No, no.  What I mean to say is that it would be better if you, yourself killed the beast.
Ooh, Jakob said.  He glanced down at the half-eaten crumpet on his plate and suddenly lost the urge to finish it off.
Anyway, have a think about it.  You could also take your nice new sword and slay the beast with it.
Lord Leggid stood and pushed his chair underneath the table while Jakob sat quietly, pondering over the situation.  Think about what the people would say.  Theyd call you brave King Jakob with his shiny, sparkling sword.
Okay. Jakob stood and smiled. He had a glimmer of excitement in his eyes. Ill do it.  Can you take me there?
Lord Leggid smirked. Indeed I can.  Grab your things and well set off shortly.  Im sure you wont regret this decision.


CHAPTER 20
THE BEASTS CAVE

Jakob, Lord Leggid and two guardsmen arrived on horseback at the cave entrance.  Jakob was relieved to finally reach the entrance and leapt off his steed.  He rubbed his bottom, the strain from the ride evident.  
Ill tell you something, he said. Donkeys are much more comfortable to ride on than this horrid beast.
Lord Leggid dismounted and surveyed his surroundings.  This part of the Kingdom was in a rather hilly region with scattered trees and bushes.   In the distance the trees thickened into vast woodland and some of the cottages from Elson village could be seen poking out from its side.
Yes, well, its what you get used to.  Im sure if I decided to ride a donkey for the first time it would be a most uncomfortable experience.
Jakob tied his horse to a nearby tree and wandered closer to the cave entrance which led into the side of a hill.    
This probably used to be a mine, Lord Leggid said. You can tell by the wooden pillars which hold up the entrance.
Hey, perhaps theres an old, grumpy miner inside who eats people.
Lord Leggid smirked. Well, thats for you to find out. As soon as youre ready, feel free to go in and make yourself known as King Jakob the Valiant.
The guardsmen now stood by the entrance, holding their pikes outstretched in front of them.  Jakob reached the entrance and peered inside.  The cave looked dark and sinister. 
Is anyone coming in with me? 
There was a stony silence.
Well?
Lord Leggid coughed. Of course not. We wouldnt want to take away your glory.  This is something that you need to do alone.
Its spooky in there. I cant see a thing.
Lord Leggid removed a small lantern from his saddlebag.  After lighting it, he approached Jakob and handed it to him.  
There you go  nothing stopping you now. A good King should always be prepared.  See, youve learnt one lesson already.
Jakob mumbled his thanks and ventured into the cave, his sword in one hand and lantern in the other.  Flickering shadows shifted eerily along the walls of the cave and he didn't feel very comfortable.
Glancing back, the entrance with its bright, cheery daylight, faded from view as the tunnel sloped downwards into unknown depths.  The only sound was a slight drip from somewhere close by and Jakob hoped it wasn't a creature drooling in the gloom.
"Oh, hello!" he called. 
Jakob stood, waiting, but there was no answer.  
"Why am I shouting?" he whispered. "Do I want to invite all the grumpy, hungry miners for dinner?"
Not wanting to stand still for too long, he continued walking but he became unsure if the passage was still sloping or not.  As he walked, he trod on something sticky and horribly smelly.
"Oh, no," he said, shining the light down by his sandals. "It's poop! What horrid, filthy animal did this?"
He stepped towards the side of the cave and removed his sandal, banging it against the wall to dislodge the muck.
"I'm sorry Mr. Sandal.  I wish people would pick it up instead of just leaving it for other people to step into.  	This is even worse than Henny doing it on my head."
Satisfied that his sandal was relatively free of muck, he slipped it back on and continued walking but this time more carefully.  
As he ventured further along the passage, something moved in the shadows near the cave wall. Its eyes glistened in the lantern light.  It stealthily followed, watching Jakob and waiting for the ideal opportunity to strike.

*  					* 			 *  *

The passageway eventually split into two.  To his left it opened into a huge chamber with shiny walls and, to his right, it began to slope upwards quite abruptly.   From inside the chamber, Jakob could hear the sound of a baby crying and he wondered what a baby was doing in a cave.  He then remembered that villagers from Elson village who ventured too close to the cave entrance were captured and eaten. 
Without regards for his own safety, he waved his sword in the air and rushed into the chamber to save the baby from its captor.  Inside, he stopped and looked around.  He couldn't see any foul beasts - just a large pile of rubble.  Broken pots, chunks of wood, bits of stone and other pieces of debris were all piled up in the far corner of the chamber. Jakob noticed a fenced area next to it and walked over to investigate.  Inside, was a bucket of water, a horse's trough full of vegetables and a big baby wrapped in furs.  It screamed and waved its arms at him.
"Ooh, hello there.  Are you looking for your mammy? You poor, little..."
Jakob's voice appeared to agitate the baby and it kicked out wildly, knocking the bucket of water over.
"Erm...poor, big baby."
Loosening the handle on the gate, Jakob opened the fenced area and walked inside.  He reached down to pick up and comfort the baby but, instead, jumped back startled.  The baby had a huge, monstrous head with only one eye.
"Eek!" Jakob shrieked. 
The baby wailed louder, its eye streaming with tears.
"Oh, Erm... I'm sorry for shrieking.  It was just a surprise seeing you with one big, terrifying eye."
The baby's foot hit the bucket again, this time leaving a huge dent in it.
"It was also a surprise seeing such big, hairy feet, but hey, nobody's perfect. Tell you what, if you promise to stop crying, I'll tell you about my birth mark.  Its bigger than your eye."
Someone screamed behind Jakob. Turning, he noticed the most terrifying creature he had ever set eyes upon.  It was a woman dressed in rags but she was about ten-feet tall, with bulging muscles and long, matted hair.  Like her baby, she had one big eye above her nose which glared at him fiercely.
"How dare you enter my home!" she yelled, stepping closer.
"Ooh..." Jakob said, shrinking back into the shadows. I was just visiting."
Visiting, were you?"  Her voice boomed throughout the chamber. "Just visiting my baby with your sword in hand, were you?"
Jakob held out his sword and realised he was shaking.  "What, this piece of junk?  No, I was just trying to rescue him."
"Her!" 
"Yes, I mean her.  Shes such a delightful looking baby girl."
The creature moved closer, now only a few feet away from Jakob.  "So, you like Cyclops babies do you?"
"Oh, I love them.  Utterly love them."
"Good, I'm sure she'll enjoy eating you then."
The Cyclops waved her arms in the air and grabbed for Jakob.  Jakob shrieked but managed to duck out of the way. As she grasped for him again, he dropped his lantern and ran through her legs out of the chamber and back into the passageway. 
Confused and panic-stricken, he took the alternative route, which climbed upwards and overlooked the chamber where he discovered the baby.   The Cyclops followed, her heavy feet pounding on the hard earth.  
Jakob noticed the passageway ended abruptly before him.  He could go no further without falling into the chamber.
"Don't run - it would be a shame for my baby to have soup instead of a slab of meat."
Do babies actually have teeth? Jakob enquired, trying to steady himself on the ledge.
She smiled and edged closer. My baby has good, strong teeth.
Jakob glanced down, wondering whether or not he would survive the fall.  Regardless, he didn't want to face the mad Cyclops. Peering over the ledge, he noticed his lantern still lying on the cave floor below him.  Next to it, a large wolf crept out from the shadows. It snarled ferociously and headed towards the fenced area where the baby lay.
Jakob pointed towards the wolf, shakily.  "Your baby!"
The Cyclops turned her head sharply and peered into the cavern.  Noticing the wolf, she shrieked and bounded back down the passageway but Jakob knew it was too late and she wouldn't reach her baby in time.  Before he could stop himself, he sheathed his sword and leaped off the ledge, hoping to stop the wolf from taking a chunk out of the baby. 
Luckily, he didnt hit the ground.  Instead, he landed directly on the wolf which cushioned his fall dramatically.  The wolf collapsed under his weight.  It howled in pain, shuddered, and died.
Jakob looked up groggily and realised that the baby had stopped crying.   Turning his head, he noticed her crawling along the floor towards him.  She sat up and blinked. Jakob watched as she poked her thumb into her mouth and smiled softly at him. 
Dad da? she asked.
 

CHAPTER 21
DORREL ISK

Jakob crawled off the wolf and sat, panting, with his back to the cave wall. The Cyclops woman rushed into the chamber, her eye wide with panic.  Noticing Jakob sitting by the corpse of the wolf, and her baby sitting up smiling, she froze in her tracks.
You...you killed the dread wolf, she said.
Jakob looked up and smiled wearily.  I think Ive broken my bottom bone.
The Cyclops walked closer and picked up her baby.  It gurgled happily.  She then sat down next to Jakob and stretched out her long, hairy legs.
Im sorry for misjudging you.  Humans often come here for the precious gems in the walls of the mine.  Theyre greedy and dont like us.  Many have even tried to kill us.
Ooh, Im sorry to hear that.  I can help you, if you want?  Im the King of this land.
The Cyclops studied Jakobs face.  Youre the King?
Yes  Im Jakob.  He reached out his hand for the Cyclops.
Im Dorrel Isk, one of the last of our kind.  She held his hand and shook it gently.
Youve got big hands.
Dorrel laughed heartedly. And you have small hands.  Im glad I never fed you to my baby.  Youd hardly have filled her up.
Jakob laughed and winced with the pain.  Ouch, Ive definitely pulled something.  I must have a hot tub when I get back to the castle.
The baby poked Jakobs face and laughed sharply.
My baby likes you.  She lost her father.  He went out hunting for food, but never returned.
Ooh, thats terrible.  Tell you what, when I get out of here Ill arrange for you to get a cartload of food each week and Ill ban everyone from entering this mine.
Dorrel beamed happily. Youre a good King, and a good person. If only more people in Widdlelop were like you.
Jakob smiled and Dorrel stood, helping him to his feet with her spare hand.  Do you need help getting back to the entrance?
Oh no, Im fine.  Its only when I laugh or bend over that I get a pain.
Jakob suddenly had a thought.  He smirked.
Hey, Im up for a bit of fun though. Would you like to do me a favour?
Anything at all, Dorrel replied, curious as to what the King was going to ask.

*  					* 			 *  *

Lord Leggid sat underneath a tree with his guards, biding his time. 
How much longer do we have to wait? asked the largest guard. 
Lord Leggid sighed.  Not much longer.  Whatever type of creature it is in the cave, I guarantee it wont be letting him come out alive without a fight.
The other guard stared up at the darkening clouds.  Its going to rain soon.  Were going to have to travel back in this.
I dont want people becoming suspicious, Lord Leggid explained. If we travel back too quickly, theyll start asking all the wrong questions.
The largest guard stroked his chin. Well, how about we cave in the entrance so that he cant get out?  Then we can just say it collapsed on him.
Lord Leggid stared thoughtfully at the cave entrance.  Hey, thats not a bad idea.  Come on then - lets see if we can shift those pillars.
They all stood and walked towards the entrance.  As they drew closer, a horrible, piercing scream came from within.
Lord Leggid shuddered and stood back. Guards, stand ready.  It seems the beast has caught its prey.
The guards stood awkwardly at the entrance, their pikes raised.  Inside, they could hear the clash of metal and then a mighty roar.  The guards jumped back.
Cowards, Lord Leggid said.  Get back up there and make sure the creature doesnt come out.
Just as they reached the entrance, the dread wolfs corpse flew out from the cave, knocking them both over.  It landed at Lord Leggids feet, its lifeless head staring up at him.  He cringed with fear until Jakob strolled out from the entrance, sword by his side and a smug look on his face.
Thats one smelly beast, Jakob said, wiping his brow. Thatll teach it for not clearing up its poop.
 

CHAPTER 22
ANOTHER MEETING IN THE DARK

On returning to the castle, Lord Leggid arranged an emergency meeting in the secret chamber.  Lady Catherine placed a fresh candle in the clay cup and lit it before closing the door.  She then returned to the table and sat next to Lord Leggid.
Dont look so grumpy, Captain, she said, smiling. Its not as if we call you in here every night.
Captain Reynolds stretched his huge arms and yawned.  Im just hoping you have some good news for me for a change.
Not quite, Lord Leggid replied. Ive brought you here to warn you both to be on your guard.
Captain Reynolds pushed his chair back and stood abruptly.  You dragged me out of my bed to tell me to be on my guard?  Im a soldier  Im always on my guard.  Is that it?  Can I go now?
Lord Leggid sighed.  Captain, please sit down and have some patience.  Ive more to say, and its important that you hear it.
Captain Reynolds sat down reluctantly. He glared at Lord Leggid. 
Thank you. The reason why Im telling you to be on your guard is because I now believe that the King is no fool.
No fool? Hes a raving idiot, Captain Reynolds replied.
Would a raving idiot be able to humiliate me in a sword fight?
Captain Reynolds smirked.  Thats quite possible.
Hardly, Lady Catherine said. My Leggid is a fine swordsman.
Lord Leggid leaned forward. Would a raving idiot be able to kill a ferocious dread wolf?
The Captains eyes widened. A dread wolf?
Yes, at the Elson mine.  He even managed to lift it up and fling it out from the mine passage at us.
Which is odd, Lady Catherine interrupted, considering he was beaten to a pulp by one of the Jacklin brothers at the wrestling tournament.
Exactly, Lord Leggid continued. Hes playing with us.
Captain Reynolds stomped his foot under the table. Fine  would you like me to knock on his door right now and ask him if he wants to play with me?
I wouldnt recommend it, Lady Catherine said. Hell probably bring out all his toys for you.
Lord Leggid looked frustrated.  His left eye twitched nervously. Why do you both not believe me?
Lady Catherine placed her arm around his waist. Oh, Darling, I know youre going through so much turmoil right now but its hard to imagine Jakob to be anything but a fool.
What about the people?
Captain Reynolds shrugged. What about them?
Since he has come into power the filthy peasants love him, King Gravee loves him, the merchants love him and even the castle servants love him.
Bah! Captain Reynolds grumbled. The peasants only love him because he reduces their tax burden.  Also, King Gravee and the merchants are about as fickle as a monkey that has to choose between receiving a banana or a bag of nuts.
Lady Catherine smirked.  Theres no denying that.
As for the castle servants, Captain Reynolds continued, theyd even love Lord Leggid if he paid them enough.  On the bright side, at least the barbarians now despise him.
Still, Lady Catherine said, come to think of it, this does seem to be a little bit strange. If you add up everything hes achieved, any outsider wouldnt think he was an idiot.
Lord Leggid clenched his fists together. I want him dead! 
Just say the word, Captain Reynolds said. By tomorrow morning you wont have a worry.
Lady Catherine sneered. No, no Captain.  Youd leave too much of a trail behind you.  Ill deal with this personally. Im getting some special ingredients delivered next week for my potions.  Lets see if he can survive my poison.
Lord Leggids eyes lit up. Oh, tell me more.  I like a good poisoning.
Ill prepare a drink tainted with Hemlock for him...oh, and more appropriately, how about some Fools parsley added to his main course?
That sounds simply divine.  Lord Leggid rubbed his hands together.
It wont be pretty.  Hell burn with pain!
Captain Reynolds stood. Very well, have it your way.  I dont want to get involved in any poisoning.  Its a filthy way to die.
Lady Catherines eyes narrowed. No filthier than your hands around his neck.
Captain Reynolds grunted and opened the chamber door.
Well, this was a rather successful meeting, Lord Leggid remarked, standing. Sleep well everyone and next week hopefully things will take a turn for the better.
It couldnt get any worse, Captain Reynolds remarked.
They all left the room, closing the chamber door behind them.  From the shadows, a hunched figure crept towards the table and blew the candle out.

 
CHAPTER 23
A SECRET MISSION

The remainder of the week went by quickly and without any pressing issues.  Jakob was beginning to enjoy his new position of power and the extra responsibility it entailed.
On Saturday morning, rather than stay in bed until lunch, he leapt out of his blankets extra early.  On this particular morning he had a mission which required cunning and timing and he didnt want to let Councillor Lewtt down.
After wolfing down his crumpets, he rushed to the royal gardens where the Councillors enjoyed eating breakfast on a weekend.  Councillor Lewtt sat alone inside a gazebo overlooking the garden.  Next to him stood a table with an empty plate and bowl set out on it.  The Councillor tapped his spoon impatiently on the table and glanced about.  Noticing Jakob approaching, he smiled.
Morning, Your Majesty, Councillor Lewtt said. What are you doing out of bed so early on a Saturday?
Ah ha! Jakob replied. Ill answer your question if you answer mine first.
Councillor Lewtt leaned forward, an inquiring smile on his face. Very well - go ahead.
Why are you sitting out here on a miserable morning like this with an empty breakfast bowl and no scrummy crumpets on your plate?
Councillor Lewtt sighed.  Thats a very good point.  The service here this morning is deplorable.
Jakob smirked. Its my fault, actually.  You see, Im out of bed early because I want to wish you a happy birthday and give you your present.
Councillor Lewtt looked genuinely shocked.  How did you know it was my birthday?
Jakob tapped his nose and chuckled. A little rose called Juliet told me.  She overheard you talking to Councillor Rigdel about it yesterday.
Ah, I see. Councillor Lewtt laughed. So, whats my present?
Jakob fumbled in his pocket and pulled out a black blindfold.  Ta da! Its a blindfold. Put it on or you dont get your surprise.
Oh, must I really?
Of course  I had these specially made, you know.
Im flattered.
Not for you, silly - for Juliet.
Councillor Lewtt raised his eyebrows and took the blindfold.  Oh, I see.  Dont worry, my lips are sealed.
Jakob made certain the blindfold was tied tightly around his head, and then escorted him to the courtyard where his carriage awaited.

*  					* 			 *  *

After a short journey, the carriage arrived at Bushwood village.  All the peasants flocked out into the streets to cheer for their King.
Whos cheering? Councillor Lewtt asked; his head tilted towards the window.
Villagers, Jakob replied.
Oh, and whats that strange smell?
Villagers.  Jakob grinned.  I forgot how much I used to smell.  Its like a mixture of wood-smoke and cow dung.
The carriage stopped and Jakob helped the Councillor out into the marketplace.  The escort of guardsmen dismounted from their horses and stood by Jakobs side, protecting him and the Councillor from probing hands.
This is a rather unusual surprise, Councillor Lewtt remarked.
Jakob led him across the street to the Gutsy Goat Inn and the guardsmen waited by the entrance.  Once inside, they sat at a table specially prepared for them in the back room.  Set out on the table was a lit candle, a jug of mead and a bowl of fresh bread.
Okay, you can remove your blindfold now.
Councillor Lewtt fiddled with the back of the blindfold and yanked it off.  He glanced around at the quaint surroundings and smiled.
This is the Gutsy Goat Inn, isnt it?  This place has hardly changed since I was a young lad.
Jakob nodded enthusiastically. Oh, yes and I hear that the special stew still tastes as delicious as ever.
This is wonderful, Councillor Lewtt said. I havent been back here since my appointment as Councillor many, many moons ago.
Old Woman Bailey opened the kitchen door and brought out a bowl of the most delicious looking stew.  Jakob sniffed deeply. It smelt heavenly. 
Oh, look at this, Councillor Lewtt said, rubbing his hands together. What a wonderful birthday present. It smells just like I remember.
Old Woman Bailey smiled, providing an unsightly glimpse of her decaying teeth.  A single gold tooth shined prominently in the candlelight.
You enjoy it, Sir, she said, proudly. Only the finest ingredients are used in my stew.
Jakob smirked. Yes, the fattest cats.
Old Woman Bailey glowered and waved her finger at him.  Dont you be putting off my guests, Sire.  It was mighty nice of you to invite the Councillor over for breakfast but you dont want to get into my bad books.
Councillor Lewtt didnt appear to be put off.  He broke some bread up and dipped it into the thick, juicy sauce. 
Mmmh, absolutely delicious, he said, swallowing greedily.
Jakob licked his lips and wished hed never eaten the crumpets earlier. 
Well, while youre enjoying your breakfast, Im going to pop into the back alley to sprinkle my winkle.
Councillor Lewtt glanced up from his food and smiled faintly. Oh, thank you for that wonderful thought while Im eating.
Jakob left Councillor Lewtt to enjoy his birthday meal in peace and wandered out through the back door into the alleyway.  As he stepped out, he jumped back in shock.  A stray cat darted through his legs and scampered out into the marketplace. 
Phew, careful kitty! he shouted. I nearly stepped on you.
Walking around the corner where nobody could see him, he had his sprinkle then turned around to see Boris Jacklin blocking the way.  Jakob reached for his sword but realised he had left his scabbard in the castle bedchambers.
Well, well, look what Ive found.  Here was me walking through the market and then I heard a familiar voice. Lucky Im a curious fellow, aint it?
Jakob glanced around nervously, looking for some way to escape the situation.
Theres no way to escape, Scamp. Its just you and me catching up on old times without anyone else interfering.
Boris walked closer and reached out to grab Jakob.
Ooh, wait a moment, Jakob said, his back pressed against the wall. I must warn you, before you do anything stupid, that, as King of Widdlelop, I do have the power to arrest you.
Boris leaned forward and grabbed Jakobs shoulder. Oh yeah? You and whose army?
Someone coughed gently behind Boris.  Unhand the King immediately!
Boris froze; his eyes remained glued to Jakobs.
I command you to unhand the King immediately!
Jakob grinned and Boris turned slowly to notice five royal guardsmen facing him with their swords drawn.  Boris forced a smile. I, err, didnt realise he was the King.  It was just a case of mistaken identity, thats all.
Sire, asked one of the guardsmen, brushing past Boris. Has this scum injured you in any way?
Jakob stepped forward and brushed the dirt from his robe. Thanks to you, Im fine. Hey, how did you know I was in trouble?
Oh, an old man directed us here from the inn.  He said you were in a bit of a pickle.
Jakob smirked.  Well, I was nearly pickled by this brute, thats for certain.
Boris stared menacingly at Jakob. The guardsman grabbed his arm. Sire, what would you like us to do with him?
Jakob stood motionless for a moment, considering the situation.  I have it! Take him and follow me.

*  					* 			 *  *

Back at the inn, Councillor Lewtt finished eating his stew and washed it down with a mug of mead.  Jakob returned to the room, a broad smile on his face.
That was absolutely delicious, said the Councillor, wiping his mouth. Thank you ever so much for a wonderful birthday present.
Oh, its not over yet.  Come outside.
Jakob bounded for the exit, followed by the bemused Councillor.  Outside, a group of villagers had formed and there was a lot of laughter and merriment.  The guards led Jakob and the Councillor through the crowds to the market square where Boris Jacklin stood, bent over in the stocks.  He looked most uncomfortable; his face screwed up into a fleshy scowl. 
A guard approached Jakob with a basket of rotten fruit.
It took all five of us to get him in there, Your Majesty. The guard laughed. The hardest part was clamping it down over his head.
Ooh, I can imagine, Jakob replied.
Councillor Lewtt stared at Boris, his eyebrows raised.  My word, whatever has he done to be put in the stocks?
The guard sighed. He was going to pummel the King, Councillor.  We had no other choice. King Jakob showed him mercy rather than have his head chopped off.
Oh, I see.
Jakob reached for the basket and offered it to the Councillor. What a way to end your birthday, eh?
Councillor Lewtt eyed the fruit in the basket and a mischievous smirk appeared on his face.  He reached inside and pulled out a half-melon.
Jakob laughed. Thats impressive, but I want to throw some smelly eggs at him.
Excellent. This should be fun, Councillor Lewtt said, taking aim.
Boris shut his eyes and clenched his teeth, waiting for the inevitable.

 
CHAPTER 24
THE RUBY CASTLE BANQUET

Later in the morning, Councillor Rigdel entered the throne room.  Jakob was sitting on his throne, offering advice to a peasant farmer.
So you see, if you sing that song to your cow whilst milking her, it should make her feel much better.
Thank you, Your Majesty, replied the peasant, bowing low.  The silver coins will be a great help as well.
With a spring in his step, the peasant wandered outside. 
Ah, good, Im glad youre here, said the Councillor.  In celebration of Councillor Lewtts birthday, were attending a banquet tonight at the Ruby Castle.
Ooh, Ive always wanted to go there. I hear they do lovely boar ribs.
Well, tonight is the night, so I wouldnt eat too much lunch.  Also, try and look your best  we might be able to find you a companion.
Councillor Rigdel winked suggestively.  Jakob scrunched his face.
You mean they might have a chicken like Henny there?
Councillor Rigdel sighed and shook his head.  Not quite but, hopefully, well be able to find you a wife.
Jakob sat back and folded his arms. A wife?
Of course  a king needs a good wife.  When I was a lad...
No way! Jakob interrupted. Im far too young to get married and, besides, I like Juliet.
Councillor Rigdel raised an eyebrow. Oh, Juliet, eh? Well, theres no doubting that shes a fine maiden but just you wait until tonight.  You may change your mind yet.
Jakob watched as Councillor Rigdel headed for the door. A sudden thought struck him.
Hey, why arent you married? Jakob asked.
Councillor Rigdel turned and chuckled. Oh, I wouldnt be able to abide the nagging.
He left the room, leaving Jakob feeling rather flustered.
 
*  					* 			 *  *

Later in the afternoon, Jakob dressed in his finest tunic and trousers and joined the Councillors to travel to Ruby castle.  Inside the carriage he sat squashed in-between them for the duration of the journey and was most relieved when the carriage finally approached the castle gates.
"Ah, wonderful," Councillor Lewtt exclaimed, stretching back to peer out of the window.  "We're here at last."
"Indeed," Councillor Rigdel replied. "This hasn't been a pleasant journey. Never before have I encountered so many bumps and hills."
"Don't forget the smells," Councillor Lewtt added. "The fresh country air always brings with it unusual whiffs to delight the senses."
Jakob smiled crookedly. "Erm...sorry - that was probably me earlier.  I'm feeling a bit nervous."
Councillor Rigdel wrinkled his nose in disgust and turned to look out of the window.  The carriage stopped in the castle courtyard and the coachman stepped down to open the door.
"There's nothing to be nervous about," Councillor Lewtt said, stepping hurriedly out of the carriage. "You simply walk inside, the music plays and the feasting begins."
Jakob followed the Councillor, relieved to be able to stretch his arms and legs.  
"Oh, don't forget the courtship.  That's the most important bit," Councillor Rigdel added, reaching out to steady himself against the carriage door.
Jakob scratched his head. "Courtship?"
"Oh yes, the wooing and the seducing.  Then theres the smiling and the smooching."
"Eww, I won't be doing any of that.  It's disgusting."
Councillor Lewtt smiled.  "You might change your mind when you step inside.  Look at the castle.  Isn't it beautiful?"
Jakob gazed at the castle.  It was magnificent. Although not as tall as Bentworth castle, it appeared wider and more elegant looking.  Beautifully crafted doors, all different colours, led into specific areas of the castle and, above them, stone gargoyles stood perched on the walls to ward off evil spirits.  All around the castle, in perfect symmetry, small towers poked out from the walls and twisted up into the sky.  
"Ooh, yes.  Its beautiful.  Our castle looks miserable compared to this."
The castle is owned by Lord Mowan, a good friend of King Segrind.  Well be dining with him tonight.
Other carriages pulled up to the castle entrance and Jakob watched, fascinated, as maidens and nobleman from the far reaches of the Kingdom stepped out to attend the banquet.
"Come along," Councillor Rigdel said, yanking Jakob's belt. "Time is precious and courtship waits for no man."
Jakob sighed, and reluctantly followed the Councillors towards the entrance.  The only courtship he wanted to experience was his lips touching a spoonful of tasty soup.
*  					* 			 *  *

Jakob was escorted into the banquet hall.  He stood on a long platform which led down to the feasting area where many different people were seated, waiting for the food to arrive. Musicians were seated in the far corner of the hall, playing their instruments, and Jakob thought it had a welcoming feel about it.  
The Councillors wandered off momentarily to greet people, leaving him alone.  Noticing Jakob, a smartly dressed attendant approached, eyeing him up and down. 
"Would you give me your name, title and Kingdom, please?" he asked, politely.
"Ooh," Jakob replied. "Would a few silver coins do instead?"
"Excuse me?"
"Well, if you take all that from me I won't have much left, will I?"
The attendant sneered. "Thats most amusing, Sir.  It's the highlight of my evening to meet fun people like you. Do you realise youre literally dripping with humour?"
Jakob stared blankly at him, not quite sure what he was implying.  Seeing no reaction, the attendant sighed. 
"I will rephrase what I previously asked.  Would you please TELL me your name, title and Kingdom?"
"Oh, I see."  Jakob grinned. "I'm King Jakob of Widdlelop. Its a pleasure to meet you."
The attendant's eyes widened and he took a step backwards, bowing low. "Oh, I'm sorry, Your Highness, please don't take offence at my rather shabby and inappropriate remarks."
"No offence taken.  Im just waiting for these two lumps to come back so we can start eating.  Jakob pointed at the Councillors. I could eat a horse.
The Councillors finished talking and returned to Jakob, eager to begin the banquet.  They followed the attendant to their table and he introduced them to Lord Mowan.  He was tall and skinny, with a long nose and dark, beady eyes.
Ah, you must be King Jakob, he said, reaching out to shake hands.  Ive heard so much about you.
Jakob smiled and shook his hand gently. Ooh, have you really?
Lord Mowan laughed.  Yes, but not as much as I would like to know.
Jakob chuckled. He liked him already.
I was so saddened to hear of our Kings death but Im glad you managed to find the ticket rather than someone who has no interest in the Kingdom.
Thank you, Jakob replied. Im enjoying it.
Lord Mowan glanced at Councillor Lewtt, a troubled expression on his face. He then returned his stare to Jakob and smiled faintly.
Just be careful in whom you place your trust, he whispered. The Councillors already know my feelings on the matter. Something was not quite right about our Kings death.
Jakob nodded slowly, a confused expression on his face. Although he appreciated the advice, he was still unsure of who or what he had to be wary of.  
Anyway, Lord Mowan continued, his voice raised. Were here tonight to feast and to enjoy the company of others so lets sit and be merry.
Councillor Lewtt laughed.  Indeed, we have much to celebrate - a new King and a Kingdom that will prosper with his decisions.
Councillor Rigdel coughed and nodded his head. Also, we mustnt forget, an old mans birthday.
Lord Mowan reached for the jug of mead.  Ill drink to that!

*  					* 			 *  *

The food soon arrived, and everyone tucked in to a delicious assortment of meats and cheeses.  Jakob tried the crispy pork basked in honey butter and sighed contentedly.  
Ooh, this is delicious.  It melts in your mouth.
Lord Mowan smiled.  Yes, weve got the finest chefs in all of Widdlelop.  Theyre all here at Ruby Castle.
And the finest maidens as well, Councillor Rigdel added, glancing around the hall.  Whos that scrumptious looking lady over there, eyeing up our King?
Jakob turned his head and noticed a rather plain looking maiden sitting at a nearby table, nibbling on a baked carrot.  Noticing Jakob staring at her, she smiled suggestively and fluttered her eyelids.
Oh, youre wrong, Jakob said, quickly returning his gaze to Councillor Rigdel.  Shes not looking at me.
Councillor Rigdel shook his head. I think youre mistaken, Young Man.
Nope, shes definitely looking at you.  I believe she wants to share her carrot.
 

CHAPTER 25
THE POISONING

Jakobs third week on the throne started with some bad news. As he was eating his breakfast, Lord Leggid and Councillor Lewtt walked into the dining hall and sat at the table next to him.
We have some terrible news, Councillor Lewtt said, his hands clasped together.
Lord Leggid had a smug expression on his face. Yes, and you cant say I didnt warn you.
What is it? Jakob asked, swallowing his last chunk of crumpet.
Trazlik, the Barbarian King, has demanded that we renew the trade agreement with him by the end of the week or theyll declare war on us.
Ooh, what a nasty man.  What shall we tell him? 
Lord Leggid sneered. We only have one choice  we tell him that well recommence with the trade agreement.
Jakob glanced over at Councillor Lewtt to hear his opinion. His eyes looked more tired than usual and he shifted uncomfortably in his seat.
We could refuse and fight but we may not have the soldiers to defend successfully against their attacks.
No, Ill make this very clear. We dont have the soldiers to defend, Lord Leggid said, his voice raised slightly. In this castle, we have a total of twenty archers, twelve guards and ten Knights in training.  All our soldiers are busy defending the border against attack from lizard-men.
Jakob twisted his face. Well, bring them back.
Lord Leggid scoffed. Bring them back? Are you insane?  
Well, Councillor Lewtt said. He may have a point. Eresha the Lizard Queen is dead.  The lizard forces may have scattered or begun afresh in their new territory.
Jakob nodded. Exactly, I was just about to say that.
Lord Leggids face began to turn a familiar shade of red. Yes, they may have scattered but, then again, they may also be rather angry that their Queen died choking on one of his truffles.  He pointed at Jakob. They may be organising a large force of lizards to attack us for all we know.
Thats a risk we shall have to take, Councillor Lewtt replied. Weve had no war in Widdlelop for such a long time and, because of this, weve left ourselves unprepared.
I was just about to say that as well, Jakob said.
Lord Leggid stood, his face burning. Ill tell you what, do whatever you want.  Youre the King and you know best.
Jakob watched as Lord Leggid stomped out of the dining hall and slammed the door shut behind him.
Thats the best piece of advice Ive ever heard him give you, Councillor Lewtt said, a glimmer of amusement in his eyes.
Jakob smiled. Obviously he isnt in the mood for some breakfast.

*  					* 			 *  *

For the remainder of the morning, Jakob didnt bump into Lord Leggid and the order was given via messenger for the Bentworth castle soldiers to abandon their border patrol and return home.
Jakob was beginning to feel the intensity of the decisions he had made and, although Councillor Lewtt reassured him that he was doing the right thing, he still had doubts creeping in his mind.
After a light lunch, rather than sit in the throne room, he decided take the Councillors advice and return to his bed chamber to read a book. If anything, he thought it would help to take his mind off current events.  As he walked to his room, he spotted someone at the end of the corridor near the stairs to the library.  Jakob froze.  The face looked familiar but he couldnt quite place it. Suddenly, he realised it was the old man from the barn that saved him from the Jacklin brothers. 
The old man beckoned for him to approach before moving out of view up the stairs.  Jakob ran along the corridor and followed him into the library, only to discover that it was empty.
This is weird, he said, rubbing his eyes.
Looking around more closely, he discovered a section of wall had been swivelled open near the door. 
Jakobs eyes lit up. Ooh, a secret passage.
Hanging from the door frame was a note which read: 

Mix Red and Blue, its good for you.

Jakob yanked the note off and scratched his head.  Peering through the doorway, he noticed a short passage that led into a circular room.  A lantern stood on a table in the room, its light revealing many pots, jugs and bottles which littered the table and walls.
Excited and confused, Jakob stepped into the passageway and entered the room. He sniffed and twisted his face.  There was a rather pungent smell of incense and herbs lurking in the air.  Amongst the clutter on the table, two bottles of foul smelling liquid had been prepared.  One had a red, murky appearance and the other resembled a thick blue paste. 
Ah ha. Jakob read the crumpled up note in his hand once again. Well, its blue and red so, here goes.
He attempted to pour the blue paste into the red bottle but it wouldnt budge so he changed his mind and poured the red liquid into the paste instead.  There was a fizzle and a pop then the liquid turned green.
Jakob stood back. Eww, if he wants me to drink a potion that looks like boogers then Im going to need a straw.
He searched amongst the clutter on the table and spotted a small, white box. Opening it up, he shrieked loudly.  A large, red and black spider, the size of his hand, climbed out and studied him with its many eyes.  Jakob shuddered and stepped to his left. The spider mimicked his movement, all the while watching him intently.
Dont look at me like that, he said, walking slowly around the table. Youre giving me the jeepers!
The spider swivelled and continued following his every movement.  Jakob reached for a heavy book from the table to whack the spider with but, as he leaned forward, the spider leaped at him.  He screamed and ran around to the other side of the table.  The spider landed on the wood surface, turned and pounced again, this time landing an inch from his hand.  Jakob grabbed the white box and very quickly, dropped it over the spider.
He wiped his brow. Phew, I need a drink.
Reaching for the thick green liquid, he gulped it back, trying not to gag.  It tasted like rotten kippers and mushrooms.  He wiped his mouth and staggered for the door.
Euch, never again, he said, walking back into the library. I need my bed.
Back in the secret chamber, the spider managed to lift up the edge of the box.  It crawled out, looking for the person who dared try trapping it once again.

*  					* 			 *  *

After reading for a while, Jakob was beginning to feel peckish so he put his book down and made his way to the dining hall.
Hoping to see his lovely Juliet bring the afternoon meal, he was disappointed to find someone new serving him.  A young boy with dirty fingernails rushed into the room and plonked a bowl of stew onto the table.  Without a word, he ran back out of the room and returned with a jug of foaming mead.
 Enjoy, the boy said, with a smirk.
Before Jakob had time to reply, he had gone.  
Oh, well, Jakob said. At least the stew looks nice.
He dipped his spoon into the meaty sauce and took a mouthful which was sprinkled with parsley. 
Lady Catherine poked her head through the gap in the doorway behind him and watched him eat.  She grinned wickedly.
 

CHAPTER 26
THE PLOT THICKENS

Jakob didnt feel very well. After his dinner, he felt a heavy rumbling in his stomach and rushed out into the royal gardens to be sick.  Retiring to bed, he experienced the most intolerable hot flushes.  He tossed and turned for what seemed an age before eventually getting to sleep.
In the morning, he felt someone prodding his back and rolled over to see Lord Leggid standing by his bed.  Jakob belched and Lord Leggid jumped back in surprise.
Im definitely going to change the lock on my door, Jakob said.
Oh, youre awake? Lord Leggid said, his eyes still wide with shock.
Jakob sat up straight. Well, I am now, thanks to you.
So, youre feeling all fit and well today, are you?
Of course, Silly.  Never felt better actually. Why, what do you want?
Well...
Before you ask, Im not wrestling anyone, Jakob interrupted.
Lord Leggid smiled weakly. Indeed...I...
Im not doing weapon training either.
Of course, I was Erm... just wondering if you umm... would like to go on a hunting expedition later in the week?  It would be my way of apologising to you for the outburst earlier.
Jakob stretched and yawned loudly. Hunting, eh?
Indeed, its a wonderful time of year to take part.  Chasing wild rabbits and winning trophies.  Then again, its probably not your sort of thing, is it?
Yes it is. Jakob smiled. It sounds exciting to me.  Just let me know where and when.
Of course. Youll certainly be the first to know.  He walked quickly to door, a stormy look on his face.

*  					* 			 *  *

Lord Leggid burst into Lady Catherines chamber without even knocking.  She was sitting at her dresser, combing her hair.  Hearing someone enter, she shrieked loudly and pulled her dressing gown tightly around her before realising who it was.
Leggid, what do you think youre doing?  People may see you and, another thing, have you ever thought about knocking first?
Lord Leggid closed the door behind him and sat on the edge of the bed.  He looked flustered and his hands sprawled out over his face.  Noticing he wasnt his usual self, Lady Catherine walked over to the bed and sat next to him. 
What is it? she asked, placing her hand on his shoulder.
Lord Leggid groaned. Hes alive.
Lady Catherines eyes widened. No, that cannot be.  It was a powerful mixture.
It appears your poisons dont even work against him.  Now do you understand why Im always so agitated?
Lord Leggid stood and walked to the dresser. He folded his arms. I cant suffer this any longer. I felt a complete fool waking him up this morning.  Hes not even experiencing any ill-effects from your poison.
Lady Catherine frowned. He may be immune to the ingredients.  I could try something else?
No, its too late. Im going to organise a little hunting trip for him and I dont care what people think.
Is there no other way?
Lord Leggid shook his head. We successfully managed to dispose of the late King and his advisor this way and now the new King will meet a similar fate.
Lady Catherine stood and embraced him. I guess youre always right, my dear Leggid. Well do this together, and who cares what people think?
 

CHAPTER 27
A TIME TO HUNT

Two days later, Jakob woke up feeling very excited. He'd never been hunting before and was looking forward to it immensely.  He leapt out of bed with his imaginary bow and began creeping around the room.
Ah ha! You can't hide from me - die you foul beast!" he shouted, pointing his bow in the direction of a coat hanging on his bedroom door. "How dare you poop on my floor?"
Jakob fired his imaginary arrow and laughed as it hit his target. 
Oh, you want some more, do you?"
Jakob fired another arrow.
Go on then, run away. That'll teach you.  Never set foot in my room again."
Just then, someone knocked gently on the door.  Jakob blushed, hoping that they didn't overhear his outburst.
Erm...come in."
The door opened slowly and Lord Leggid poked his head into the room, glancing about nervously.  He was dressed in a green jumper and jodhpurs.  In his hand he carried a red sash.
Is everything okay?" he asked. "I thought I heard you shouting at someone."
Oh, yes."  Jakob smiled, pondering the situation. "A vile tramp tried to climb into my room.  He wanted to steal my hunting trophies."
Lord Leggid rushed to the window and peered outside. "Has he gone? Did you call the guards?"
Jakob smirked.
Hmm, wait a moment," Lord Leggid continued, eying Jakob suspiciously. "You don't have any hunting trophies."
Ah, yes - that's what I told him.  No matter, he's gone now.  Anyway, Ill probably get some trophies later. We're still hunting aren't we?"
Lord Leggid nodded.  "Indeed.  If you get dressed and have a light breakfast we'll set off shortly afterwards.  There's a big group of us attending, so try not to keep everyone waiting."
Jakob walked to the dresser to select some clothes. "Don't worry - I won't keep everyone waiting.  I'm looking forward to this."
Lord Leggid glanced out the window one last time and then walked back to the door. "Yes, so am I.  It should be a fine day indeed.  A bit of fresh air and adventure will do us the world of good."
Remembering the sash in his hand, he threw it on Jakob's bed. "Oh, I nearly forgot - you'll need to wear this around your waist on the hunt.  You're all in different coloured teams."
Ooh," Jakob said, poking his head over the vanity screen. "I'm on the red team."
Lord Leggid turned to leave.  He grinned evilly. "Indeed - I'm sure they'll be glad of your company."

*  					* 			 *  *

After a small breakfast, consisting of three crumpets (instead of his usual five), Jakob rushed outside to join the hunting expedition.  The courtyard was extremely busy with guardsmen, nobles and rangers preparing for the days events. 
He watched as Lord Leggid approached the courtyard gates and shouted for everyones attention.
Good morning everybody.  Today we'll be split into hunting groups.  The teams will be Blue, Green, Red and Black.  If you haven't got a coloured sash, please let me know and I'll organise one for you.
Lord Leggid returned to Jakob and they both waited while the groups formed.
Oh, youve got a green sash, Jakob said, I wonder whos in my team.
Lord Leggid glanced about.  Oh, wait a moment.  Im sure I spotted a group leaving the castle a bit earlier. Youll have to catch them up.
Jakob looked flustered. Oh, thats just great. He stamped his foot on the ground.  Do you know where they went?
Hmm... Dont worry, they arent too far away  the red team are hunting in Elson Forest.  Do you know how to get there?
Jakob folded his arms. Yes, I know the way. Im so annoyed  why couldnt they wait?
Well, as you know, the early bird catches the worm.  They probably didnt even realise you were part of their team.
Jakob sighed and began walking towards the stables. I guess Id better go and grab my horse.
Indeed, chin up  Im sure once you reach the forest therell be plenty to keep you occupied.

*  					* 			 *  *

Jakob raced on his horse along country tracks and over rolling hills until he reached Elson Forest.   The air smelt fresh and invigorating and he was beginning to get excited again about the prospect of the hunt.
Muddy tracks led into the forest and he could hear the sound of a hunting horn in the distance.  As he rode deeper into the forest, he noticed some horses tied to the trees by the path. Further along the track, standing near some bushes, three armed men were huddled together, talking.  One of them wore a hunting horn around his neck. 
Hey there! Jakob called.
The figures turned. They looked startled by his approach.  In reply to his greeting, the hunter with the horn raised his crossbow and pointed it at him.  Jakob heard a whoosh and a crossbow bolt thudded into the tree by his side.
Eek! he screamed. Do I look like a rabbit?
The hunter cursed and began reloading his crossbow while his two companions rushed forward, their axes waving in the air.  Jakob wasnt hanging about.  He turned his horse and galloped out of the forest.  
Glancing back, he noticed two of the men were in pursuit on horseback and appeared to be gaining on him.
Come on horsy! If you dont run we wont have fun.
Jakob guided his horse across the hilltops, trying frantically to outrun his pursuers. As he descended a hill, his horse stumbled near the bottom and he was flung onto the muddy grass.  For a moment all went dark, then he regained his senses and looked around groggily. His pursuers were now at the bottom of the hill and dismounted from their horses.  Jakob sat up and tried to get to his feet but he slipped on the mud.
Stay still! yelled one of the men. If you try to run, youll regret it!
Jakob realised he was shaking.  One of the men walked to his side, peering down at him with wild eyes.  He had a thick, black beard which disguised his features.  In his hand he held a crossbow, the bolt ready. 
Dont take this personally.  A contracts a contract, no matter who it is.
The man pointed the crossbow at him.  Jakob fell back onto the grass and shut his eyes tightly, waiting for the inevitable. As he lay helpless, he felt the ground shudder beneath him and he wondered if the bolt had somehow missed him.  Next, he heard someone screaming and a mighty roar followed. 
Sitting up, he was surprised to see the bearded man gaping at his companion. He was being held high in the air by Dorrel Isk, the Cyclops.
Nobody comes near my cave! she screamed, swinging the man around with one hand.  And nobody dare ever harm my friend!
The man was hysterical. He screamed and pleaded with Dorrel to put him down but she wasnt interested. The bearded crossbowman aimed his weapon at her and released a bolt.  It went wide and she roared in defiance, hurling his friend at him.
Jakob watched in amazement as the screaming figure slammed into the crossbowman and both were flung into the bushes far behind him. 
Wow! he said, smiling. I thought I was a goner there.
Dorrel lumbered over and reached out a hand to him, a huge grin on her face. Jakob gratefully received her help and she eased him to his feet. The two men poked their heads out of the bushes and gazed at them. Dorrel snarled and within seconds they scampered away.
They wont bother you anymore, Dorrel said, stroking Jakobs hair.
Thanks. Youd make someone a great wife you know.
Dorrel smiled and turned a shade of red.  Har, I save your life and now you propose to me?  Ill think about it.
What? Im crushed. Youll only think about it?
Well, I do get lonely in there but youre very small and skinny.  Also, your two eyes look strange. They would take a lot of getting used to.
Jakob laughed. Seriously  thank you for saving me. If I was a cat, Id definitely be on my last life now.
Youre lucky I was near the cave entrance and heard the shouting. Do you want to come in and relax for a while?
Sure, Ill just find my horse and make sure its alright.  Jakob grinned. I think Ive experienced enough hunting to last me a life-time.

 
CHAPTER 28
RUNNING SHORT OF TIME

Late afternoon the hunters began to return from the expedition, tired by the days events.  Lord Leggid stood near the castle gates, anxiously waiting for the teams to return.  He secretly hoped that King Jakob wouldn't make it back. 
Eventually all the teams returned and, much to Lord Leggid's delight, the King wasn't amongst them.  Captain Reynolds approached him from the stables and patted his back.
Youll catch the death of cold standing out here for much longer.  Its beginning to get dark.
Lord Leggid grinned. I dont care about catching a cold. Today is a wonderful day. It looks like weve finally managed to put an end to the filthy peasants reign.
I wouldnt jump to conclusions.  My men havent reported back yet.
Lord Leggid chuckled. Dont worry, Captain. Ive got a good feeling about this.
Captain Reynolds spat. Aye, well, I hope you know what youre doing.
Indeed I do. Ive had this all planned out in my head.  Nobody will miss the fool until later this evening.  A search party will go out looking for him and when they discover his lifeless body on the forest track theyll presume it was bandits.
Then what happens?
Then I become King and you become rich.
Smiling to himself, he walked through the courtyard towards the castle entrance leaving Captain Reynolds to daydream about his foreseeable wealth. 
Lord Leggid felt quite pleased with himself.  He stepped through the doorway leading into the throne room and then froze, his eyes wide in astonishment.  Sitting on the throne, eating truffles as if nothing had happened, was King Jakob.  Lord Leggid suddenly felt quite dizzy.  He wanted to say something but he couldn't find any words to express how he felt. The King smiled and waved at him.  It was all too much to take.  He fainted.

*  					* 			 *  *

The next morning, Jakob was awoken by the sound of someone screaming. Rushing out of bed, he left the room and spotted Juliet running down the library stairs.  She was screaming frantically and waving her arms hysterically.  Noticing Jakob, she ran into his arms, gasping for breath.
 Its horrid! she said. Absolutely horrid.
Whats that? Jakob asked, an alarmed expression on his face. If Lady Frille is up there and shes poked you with her stick Ill...
Juliet shook her head.  No, its nothing like that. Its worse. Its Lady Catherine... shes dead.
Jakob gulped.  Dead? Are you sure?
Yes, Im as sure as a sure thing.  Shes slumped over the table in the library.  There was a spider too but I managed to kill it with a book.
Jakob hugged her tightly.  He was most impressed. You brave, strong girl - Youd make someone a good wife you know.
Juliet sobbed. It was horrid.  Im never going back up there again.
Come on, lets go and tell the Councillors.  Theyll need to know about this.
They both ran to the royal gardens and spotted the Councillors eating their breakfast.  Upon hearing the news, Councillor Lewtt almost choked on his sausage. 
Good grief, he said, grabbing the side of the table. Thats a terribly tragedy.  Ill send for an ovate immediately.
Are you quite sure shes dead? asked Councillor Rigdel. I used to own a pet rat called Horace and it sometimes played dead for me if I tickled its belly.
Councillor Lewtt sighed.  This is hardly the time to discuss your smelly rat.  Lady Catherine was a kind, loving soul.  She didnt have huge pointy teeth and a long tail.
Councillor Rigdel slapped the table. Ah, but she did have one tooth that stuck out if she smiled a certain way.
Jakob nodded. Thats true  I noticed that as well.  I doubt shed play dead though, especially if Councillor Rigdel decided to tickle her belly.
Juliet looked strained. With respect, this is madness.  Lady Catherine has died and youre all comparing her to a rat. Would someone please get an ovate to attend to her before I lose my mind?
Councillor Lewtt placed his hand over Juliets. Oh my dear, we didnt mean to sound heartless. It was merely an over enthusiastic conversation as a way of coping with this terrible tragedy.
Councillor Rigdel stood and walked towards the scullery door.  Dont worry, Juliet, its quite possible she could still be alive  we rarely find bodies lying around the castle these days.  Ill send for an ovate, straight away.
Jakob sat on Councillor Rigdels chair and eyed up his breakfast.  Do you think hed miss one of his sausages?

*  					* 			 *  *

Lord Leggid didnt hear about the news until later in the evening. He arrived back at Castle Bentworth after attending a meeting with Trazlik, the Barbarian King.  He walked into the Councillors chamber where Jakob and Councillor Lewtt were sat talking.
We are doomed! Lord Leggid yelled. Ive spent the entire day in a dirty shack trying to negotiate with King Trazlik but my efforts were futile.
Jakob and Councillor Lewtt remained sitting, quietly.  Lord Leggid walked along the red carpet, leaving dirty boot prints behind.
Well? Do you not have anything to say? You do realise theyre going to attack us sometime soon. Theyll probably bombard our coastal waters first to weaken our defences and then theyll come in here and slice up everyone for dinner.
Councillor Lewtt stretched his arm out. Please...Lord Leggid.  We do have something to say. Come, take a seat.
Lord Leggid frowned and pulled a chair out from under the table. Well? he asked gruffly, sitting down next to them.
The barbarians can wait, Councillor Lewtt said. Our soldiers from the Gurleshi swamps will arrive back here tomorrow.  Ive also sent word to King Gravee to assist us in the defence of our lands and we mustnt forget the druids and rangers who will undoubtedly offer their support.
Lord Leggid looked flustered. Thats all good and well but it certainly cant wait!  We need to act now and prepare some defences.
Look, something terrible has happened that we need to talk to you about. King Jakob has told me about your feelings for Lady Catherine and, therefore, this is difficult for me to say.
Lord Leggid glanced at Jakob.  His jaw dropped and his eyes narrowed. What? How the...
Jakob fidgeted with his fingers underneath the table, his head kept low.  
We found her body in the library this morning, Councillor Lewtt continued. The ovate conducted a thorough examination and informed me that shed been poisoned. It was likely she was bitten by a venomous spider.
Lord Leggid shook his head and pointed over to Jakob.  Tears welled in his eyes and his hands were shaking.
This is your fault. Everything was fine until you came along... Everything!
Lord Leggid stood and kicked the chair out of the way.  He then spun around and stormed out of the chamber.
Councillor Lewtt clasped his hands together, his face sullen.  Jakob, even Kings suffer losses in life.  Dont feel too badly about things. Hell get over it with time.  I just hope well all survive the barbarian invasion.  Weve little time to prepare.
 

CHAPTER 29
LORD LEGGIDS REVENGE

The next morning there was a strange atmosphere around the castle.  Jakob discovered that many servants had walked out overnight and took their belongings with them.  Those that stayed behind were less than enthusiastic about their duties and more concerned about the rumours of the barbarian invasion.
As Jakob ate his breakfast, a young servant boy approached his table.  It was the same boy with dirty nails who served the poisoned meal to him the night before.
Sir, he whispered in his ear. Ive been asked to tell you that Juliet has been taken by lizard-men. They plan to eat her up.
Jakob spluttered his drink everywhere. What?
Without answering, the boy ran off into the kitchen.  Jakob nearly fell over his seat in pursuit but, by the time he got through the door, the boy had gone.
A chef stood at a table mixing ingredients together in a wooden bowl. He stared over at Jakob with a concerned expression on his face.  Are you feeling alright, Your Majesty?  I told Mrs. Jenkins that the crumpets were a bit stale but she didnt listen to me.
Juliet, Jakob said.  Wheres Juliet?
Oh, Juliet? Lord Leggid dismissed her and a few others last night.  She had no other choice but to pack up and leave. He wouldnt even let her say goodbye to anyone.
Jakob frowned.  He felt ever so angry. The lizards have taken her.  I must rescue her.
What about the barbarians, Your Highness? We need you here.
Throw some stale crumpets at them for all I care, Jakob replied, running off to his room to get his sword.
    
*  					* 			 *  *

Jakob rode most of the morning to reach the swampland.  On his way, he noticed the soldiers from the Gurleshi swampland marching back to Bentworth castle in aid of its defence.  
Gazing over at the distant coastline, it looked ominous.  Huge ships with black sails were heading towards his castle and villages.  Jakob was wracked with anger and frustration.  He wanted to be in both places at once but he couldnt bear the thought of the lizards eating Juliet.
By noon, he had reached the swampland.  He tied his horse to a tree and patted her gently. Dont worry - Ill be back for you later.  If any nasty lizards come near you, you have my permission to chomp on them.
The horse whinnied.
I cant take you with me.  The swamp is horrid, deep and slippery.
Looking back one last time, he began wading through the murky waters.  
Why didnt I bring my boots? he said, his feet squelching in the mud.
Jakob didnt have a clue where he was going.  He just carried on trudging forward, determined to find the lizard camp. After a while, he heard the faint sound of swords clashing and men yelling.  Quickening his pace, he leapt over some tree stumps and burst through some bushes. In the distance, he noticed a small group of soldiers fighting against a band of lizard-men.  The soldiers looked outnumbered.
Jakob unsheathed his sword and rushed forward without a moments thought for his own safety.  Unfortunately, by the time he reached the soldiers, the lizards were retreating after suffering heavy losses.
Jakob tried to catch his breath. He smiled at the nearest soldier.  Hello! Im King Jakob of Widdlelop. Hey, that showed them, eh?
Ah, Jakob, said one of them.  I never expected you to come here.  Youre full of surprises.
A figure stepped out from between the soldiers and Jakob blinked twice.  It was the old man from the barn. He immediately recognized the walrus moustache and hairy mole on his nose.
You! Jakob said, his eyes wide with surprise. What are you doing here?
Probably the same thing as you, I would imagine. Im here to save my daughter, Juliet.
Jakob stood with his arms by his side.  Youre Juliets father?
Quite right, he replied, smiling. Im Lord Blot and these are my rangers.  Quick and deadly they are too as these lizard creatures have just discovered.
Jakob grinned. I feel silly now. Can you believe I thought you were Henny?
Lord Blot chuckled. Yes, I can actually, but now is not the time for pleasantries.  We must find Juliet quickly and return to Bentworth castle before its too late.
*  					* 			 *  *

The group travelled together for a short while and Jakob was most impressed with Lord Blot.  He appeared to be a spritely old man.  Using his stick, he swiftly navigated his way through the swampland and didnt even appear to be out of breath. 
Lizard tracks, said the ranger leading the way. There are lots of them too.
Could these be the ones we chased away? Lord Blot enquired.
The ranger shook his head. Nope, theres more. Id say certainly more than fifty of them.  I dont like this one little bit.
Lord Blot sniffed curiously.  He looked over his shoulder and then returned his gaze to the water.  Closing his eyes, he dipped his stick into the mud and laid his palm flat on top of it.  After a moment of quiet, he opened his eyes wide and grasped his stick tightly.
Ambush! he yelled. Defend yourselves!
The rangers spread out into a circular formation around Lord Blot and Jakob.  They held their bows at the ready and watched the water intently.  With each splashing sound or ripple they released a volley of arrows at the unfortunate lizards. 
For a moment it all went quiet and Jakob thought the worst was over but, suddenly, waves of lizards erupted from the water in the distance and charged at them.  Before Jakob had time to react, a huge lizard-man sprung up from the mud beneath him and grabbed him by the neck. 
Im Aldrissk, the lizard King! he yelled. How dare you invade my swampland? For this, youll all die."

 
CHAPTER 30
THE ASSAULT WORSENS

Lord Leggid stood silently in the observation tower, watching the chaos unfold below.  The distant coastline was a mass of activity.  The barbarians were making their way towards Bentworth castle, destroying everything in their path.  Buildings were burnt and any remaining villagers were slaughtered.  The only thing saved was the livestock which was promptly taken. 
It had been a few hours since the naval attack and the knights and soldiers from the Gurleshi borders had all arrived back at the castle.  Lord Leggid watched as they marched in formation towards the barbarians, swords drawn and shields ready; a sturdy force against the barbarian threat.  
How's it looking?" Captain Reynolds asked, walking through the doorway into the tower.
Lord Leggid jumped, unaware that someone else was in the room with him.
Oh, you gave me a fright," Lord Leggid replied, a startled look in his eyes.  "As for how its looking, not good would be my honest answer. Our militia is falling back.  Im hoping that the defenders from the Gurleshi swampland will make them think twice about attacking us in future."
Captain Reynolds walked towards the window and peered outside. 
They've a formidable force behind them.  They must have been planning an assault of this magnitude for many months, not just this week. 
He groaned and pointed towards the distant shoreline. Look, more boats are coming to shore as well.  This doesn't bode well."
Lord Leggid frowned. "Have you sent word for assistance from the druidic order?  Their healing would be most welcome and their ranger's will help repel the first wave of attackers.  
Yes, they're tending to the wounded in the castle courtyard as we speak.  Ive asked the rangers to move into position on the battlements alongside our archers."
Thats good news. If anything, their assistance may give us more time before King Gravees troops arrive."
Captain Reynolds laughed sharply. King Gravees troops wont be coming.
What? Why do you say that? 
A messenger from the Kingdom of Tyle has just arrived with the news.  King Gravee even had the nerve to ask us for reinforcements. To be brutally honest, I never expected them to help.  Like us, theyre also busy fighting off the barbarian hordes.
Lord Leggid's eyes narrowed. "This is the peasant's fault.  I hope the lizards kill him slowly and feast on his corpse."  
Captain Reynolds nodded, thoughtfully. "Aye  Youve got to admit though, this war was always going to happen at some point in time."
Nonsense, I had it all under control.  They needed our weapons and in return left us in peace."
Our weapons only made them stronger.  Do you think they would've left us in peace indefinitely?"
Lord Leggid scowled.  "I still blame the idiot.  We would've had more time to build defences and train our soldiers."
You know, as well as I, that our offer of trade was a sign of weakness that merely delayed the inevitable.  The sorry truth is that were all going to die and theres nothing you can say or do about it except prepare for, and accept, your destiny.
Lord Leggid peered out through the window again. The soldiers from the Gurleshi swamp were now scattered into smaller groups. Many were heading back towards the castle, pursued by axe wielding barbarians.  The castle gates opened slightly to allow the stragglers re-entry to the courtyard.
We'd best head down to the grounds again," advised Captain Reynolds. "We're wasting our time up here.  It wont be long before they reach the castle gates, and I'm certainly not going to die a coward."
With that, he headed back down the steps leaving Lord Leggid alone to watch the screaming troops outside. His face looked pale and his body trembled.

*  					* 			 *  *

Archers at the ready! Captain Reynolds yelled, surveying the battleground from the battlements.
The barbarians charged towards the gates, a mass of chaotic shapes unnerved by the huge castle that stood in their way.  Captain Reynolds noticed some large siege equipment being heaved towards the battlements in the distance.
Dont forget to focus your attack on the groups pulling the scaling ladders! his voice boomed. If they succeed and gain entry to the battlements then I can promise you well all die horribly!  Fire at will!
The archers took aim and fired. Below, the barbarians were met by a steady hail of arrows. Many perished but not enough to call a retreat. As the archers reloaded, the hordes continued advancing towards the gate, screaming and waving their weapons in defiance.
For several hours, the barbarians assaulted the castle and tried to position the scaling ladders up against the battlements. With a shortage of archers to effectively defend the whole breadth of the castle wall, eventually they succeeded. Within seconds of successfully hooking the ladders, they flooded onto the battlements and rushed to attack the nearest archers. 
Captain Reynolds waved a huge hammer in the air and hurried to defend his archers.  He bashed a barbarian over the side of the battlements and plunged his hammer forward, knocking another four of them to the ground. Retreat to the throne room!  Everyone, retreat to the throne room!
The archers and soldiers began to quickly group up in the courtyard and retreat behind the sturdy throne room doors.  They were tired and demoralised but had little choice except to continue defending the castle or die. 
A group of barbarians spotted Captain Reynolds alone on the battlements.  They rushed forward to attack, barraging him with blows and forcing him backwards. Before long, he felt the cold, stone wall of the tower press against his back.  This left him with no way to escape, other than by leaping over the edge.  
Raaargh! he roared, his face wild and fierce.  He didnt want to escape like a coward.  He lived to fight and wouldnt give up until he was the last man standing. 
Barbarian after barbarian rushed forward to attack and he tirelessly knocked them aside with his mighty hammer.  For each one that fell, another would appear. Soon, more of them clambered over the top of the battlements, fuelled by their pending victory. It was then that time suddenly appeared to freeze.  From the observation tower, somebody was ringing the bell.  The barbarians stopped in their tracks and glanced about curiously.  Captain Reynolds lowered his hammer and tried to catch his breath.  Peering over the side of the battlements, his eyes widened with surprise.  
A massive army of lizard warriors were rushing towards the castle, slaying any barbarians unfortunate enough to get in their way.  Leading the troops on horseback was King Jakob Flint, waving his shiny sword in the air. Following faithfully by his side was King Aldrissk of the lizards, Lord Blot, Juliet and a retinue of rangers.
Captain Reynolds rubbed his eyes and looked again.  Well, blow me. Whos the fool now? 
Returning his gaze to the barbarians, he roared in defiance and sprung forward, sweeping his hammer at the attackers.  One by one, they were flung over the side and Captain Reynolds headed towards the throne room to share the good news and aid in the defence.

 
CHAPTER 31
UNFINISHED BUSINESS

The barbarians were soon driven away from Bentworth castle and the neighbouring land. The horde of lizard-men took them by surprise and it seemed that Trazlik, the Barbarian King, never anticipated such an unusual alliance between man and beast.
While the lizard-men pursued the fleeing barbarians, Jakob dismounted from his horse and approached the castle courtyard.  He was met by cheering crowds, all ecstatic at his arrival. Captain Reynolds stepped out from the throne room and staggered towards him, his mighty hammer still at his side. 
King Jakob! he yelled.
Jakob turned towards him and smiled. Good work, Captain. I can see you fought well.
Captain Reynolds sat on the ground, flinching with the pain. His hammer dropped by his side. Im afraid, not well enough, Sire.  Ive been injured rather badly but, you know, Id do it all again for you in the blink of an eye.
Ooh, thats the nicest thing youve ever said to me. Thank you.
Jakob nudged Juliet. Is he delirious?
Juliet nudged him back sharply. Stop it.
Captain Reynolds smiled weakly and a druid rushed to his side to apply salve and bandages.
Jakob glanced around.  I dont suppose youve seen Leggid recently, have you?
Captain Reynolds pointed up to the observation tower and Jakob rushed over to it, followed by Lord Blot and Juliet.  At the top of the stairs, Jakob opened the door to find Lord Leggid cowering in the corner.
Your Majesty, he said, a faint smile on his face. Its wonderful to see you alive.
Noticing Juliet and Lord Blot standing behind him, Lord Leggid groaned and hid his face between his legs.
Jakob grinned. This is amazing. First I have Captain Reynolds being really nice to me and then I have you calling me Your Majesty.
Juliet stepped forward and glared at Lord Leggid.  Ive been meaning to thank you for tying me up and leaving me in the swamp, you heartless beast! 
Lord Leggid sighed. Im so sorry Juliet  it was a moment of madness. I hope one day youll forgive me.
Juliet crossed her arms and frowned.  Lord Leggid returned his gaze to Jakob; his eye twitched nervously.
How did you do it?   
Jakob sat, facing him. Do what?
How did you manage to rescue Juliet from the lizards?
Ive an idea  how about Ill answer your question if you promise to answer one of mine? Is that a deal?
Lord Leggid nodded slowly.  He looked tired and worn.
Well, it appears that the lizard-men arent a bad sort after all...
Yes, Lord Blot interrupted. As youve probably noticed, theyve a huge force at their disposal.  Its quite amazing, actually. They couldve attacked us moons ago if they really wanted to.
But, Jakob continued, theres one thing they love to eat more than humans, and thats truffies.
Truffles? Lord Leggid groaned and shook his head.
So, after a little chat with Aldrissk their leader, we now have a trade agreement with them in exchange for furs and peace.
Erm, dont you forget a little of my old magic helped with the negotiations as well, Lord Blot added.
Yes, agreed Jakob. Youre going to have to teach me how you do that with your stick.
Lord Leggid sat up straight and stared at Jakob.  Fine  you win. What happens now?
Thats simple - Now, you must answer my question.
Jakob held out his hand and winked at Lord Leggid.  Guess whats in my handie?
Oh no, not this again! I dont know.  Is it a snotty handkerchief?
See, that wasnt too hard, was it?  You were so much more polite than when we met in Bushwood market.
Lord Leggid didnt look amused.  He continued sitting in the corner with a permanent scowl etched on his face.  Jakob opened his hand and inside was a bronze key.
Youre wrong. Its a jail key and thats where youre going to be spending quite a while...unless you fancy becoming my butler?
Lord Leggids eyes lit up momentarily.
Im only joking about the butler bit.
Lord Leggid shook his head.  No, please, not jail. What have I done to deserve this?
Lord Blot leaned forward on his stick, a sombre expression on his face.  Many moons ago you left me to die in the forest while out hunting and all because you wanted my position as Kings advisor.  Youre a vicious, relentless, cruel and cunning man.
Lord Leggid stood with his arms outstretched. No! It wasnt my fault.  I panicked. Please forgive me.  
You also tried to murder King Jakob on numerous occasions and you even had the nerve to kidnap my daughter and leave her to die in the swamp.  Im sure itll be a while before we offer you any form of forgiveness.
Juliet nodded. You tell him, Father. Hes a beastly man!  
Jakob walked to the tower door, his face deep in thought. Tell you what, theres one thing you could do rather than spend the rest of your life in jail, but only if youre interested?
Lord Leggid clasped his hands together and pleaded. Thank you, My King.  Ill do anything, anything at all.  You just name it.
Jakob grinned mischievously.
 

CHAPTER 32
THE HAPPY COUPLE

Over the next few weeks, everyone helped to restore the burnt down villages and damage to the castle.  Even the lizard-men offered their support and helped to chop the wood and thatch roofs on the new cottages.
Jakob was relieved to hear that very few villagers were slaughtered in the attack.  Most had moved away upon hearing about the invasion.
On this particular morning, he walked with Juliet around the royal gardens enjoying the first rays of the morning sun.  
You know, he said. Since becoming King, Ive learnt ever so much.
Juliet smiled. Oh, really?   
Of course. Ive learnt how to enjoy truffles.
Well, thats very important, Juliet teased.
Ive learnt that people can be very greedy and uncaring.
Well, theres no doubting that.  What else have you learnt?
Hmm...Ive learnt that you dont need to know everything to do good for others.
Oh, my! Youre definitely beginning to speak like a King.
Jakob smirked. Most importantly... Ive learnt that I want you to be my wife.
Well, thats... she began.  Jakob removed a ring from his pocket and held it out. 
Juliet stopped walking, suddenly realising what he was implying.  She shrieked happily and grabbed the ring.  Placing it on her finger, she hugged him tightly and barraged him with kisses.
Jakob flinched. Hey, thats enough of the wet kisses though, eh?
I accept, she said, and the ring is beautiful!
From around the corner, Lord Blot appeared. He smiled broadly and waved his stick in the air.  Juliet spotted him and rushed over to give him a hug.
Im ever so happy for you both. I made sure to stay out of the way until I heard you accept.  I know what a stubborn mule you can be.
Juliet gripped her fathers arm. You both planned this? 
Of course, Im the Kings advisor now  he had no choice but to ask me first.
Jakob frowned.  Hey, just to make this perfectly clear - I didnt ask to marry your father. I asked him if I could marry you.
Lord Blot waved his stick at Jakob and Juliet giggled.
No, seriously, Lord Blot continued, a knowing smile on his face. I was honoured that the Kings son would ask for my daughters hand in marriage.
Jakob stepped closer to Juliet and put his arm around her waist. Well, from the moment I set eyes... Hey, what do you mean Kings son?  Whos he?
Juliet also looked confused.  She stared blankly at her father.
Did you not wonder why people were watching you and helping you through difficult times?
Jakob glanced at Juliet enquiringly before returning his stare to Lord Blot. He didnt quite know what to say.
You didnt think it was by chance that you found the winning ticket, did you?
Jakob bit his lip nervously. Hey, wait a moment  the ticket fell out of the box, didnt it?
Not at all. It was pick-pocketed from Leggids robe and made to look as though he dropped it. There was no coincidence in you finding it, but, if we didnt act when we did, that beast of a man would now be sitting in your throne.
Juliet looked alarmed. Father, why didnt you tell me this earlier?
Knowledge is power, my dear daughter and power has a way of twisting people to do things that they wouldnt normally do.
Jakob folded his arms. This is a joke, isnt it?  Im not the Kings son  my father lived in Bushwood village with me.  He taught me how to sing, how to dance, how to milk a goat, how to...
Jakob! Lord Blot interrupted. Trust me. Youre King Segrinds son.  He told me a long time ago about his mistress in the village and how much he loved her.  He loved your mother very much but, you must understand, as King, he couldnt marry a peasant.
What about my father  my other father? Jakob asked.
He didnt come along until long after you were born.  King Segrind asked me to watch over you if anything were to happen to him. The lottery was my suggestion  if people knew you were his heir, your life wouldve been endangered.
Juliet grabbed Jakobs hand and held it tightly. You really are a King after all.
Jakob, I always kept my word to your father.  After they tried to murder me, it was too dangerous to return to the castle.  Some druids found me and tended to my wounds.  I stayed with them for many years and learnt a lot about life but I always watched out for you.
Jakob smiled, wiping a tear from his eye. Thank you.
Lord Blot returned the smile.  No, now is not the time to be humble.  It is I who should be thanking you, as well as everyone else in the Kingdom of Widdlelop.

*  					* 			 *  *

The day of the wedding was a wonderful occasion.  Everyone from the castle was in attendance, all dressed smartly and excited about the marriage.  
The venue was at Ruby Castle and Lord Mowan promised that the ceremony, the food and the music would be the best it had ever been.
Standing in the chapel, wearing his best tunic and loose fitted trousers, Jakob waited nervously next to the altar.  Councillor Lewtt stood by his side, tapping his foot on the floor.  Behind him, crowds of people flooded in from outside to watch the ceremony.
Thanks for accepting to be my best man, Jakob said.
Not a problem at all, My King.  I was flattered that you considered me.
I thought you were going to cry when I asked you.
Councillor Lewtt shifted his eyes to the floor.  Oh, not at all  it was purely the wine.  It was probably corked.
Before long, Juliet walked down the aisle in a beautiful, long flowing gown. Lord Blot walked by her side, his face stiff and proud.  She held on to his arm and smiled.  A priest attended the chapel and the ceremony soon began. Jakob felt nervous twitches in his stomach and shuffled awkwardly.
King Jakob Flint  will you have this woman to be your wedded wife, to live together after Gods ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love her, comfort her, honour and keep her, in sickness and in health, forsaking all others, so long as you both shall live?
Jakobs face went blank.  Thats a lot to take in, isnt it? he whispered to Juliet.
The priest looked sternly at Jakob. 
Juliet giggled softly and poked him in the ribs. Come on, you fiend, answer the priest.
I do.  His stomach rumbled.
The priest turned to face Juliet and glanced down at his scroll.
Lady Juliet Blot  will you have this man to be your wedded husband, to live together after Gods ordinance in the holy estate of Matrimony?  Will you obey him, serve him, love, honour and keep him, in sickness and in health, forsaking all others, so long as you both shall live?
Jakob broke wind; a long rasping noise. Some people in the crowd chuckled and he closed his eyes tightly, embarrassed by his lack of conduct.
Juliet eyeballed him and the priest turned his head and coughed slightly.
Erm...I do, she said.
Sorry, Jakob whispered. Its purely nerves  nothing to do with the cabbage soup you made me last night.

*  					* 			 *  *

After the ceremony, everyone enjoyed the feast and the entertainment.  Lord Mowan had hired a fool to play jokes on the guests and captivate them with some songs.  It was a wonderful evening and both Jakob and Juliet wished it would never end.
After the fool finished his act, Councillor Lewtt made a speech to the audience.
Im so glad everyone is here tonight and enjoying this very special and wonderful occasion.
The audience cheered.
If it wasnt for King Jakob, our Kingdom would probably now be in tatters.  He has saved us from the barbarian threat, negotiated peace and trade with the Kingdom of Tyle and even had the nerve to marry his advisors daughter.
The audience erupted in laughter.
Councillor Lewtt raised his chalice. Long Live our King and Queen!
Long Live our King and Queen! everyone shouted, hands thudding against the table tops.
The musicians started to play and people got up to dance.  As Jakob and Juliet sat, listening to the music, Lord Blot approached their table and handed over a colourfully wrapped box to Jakob. Im definitely losing my marbles  I was supposed to give this to you earlier but forgot all about it.
Ooh! Jakob said, grabbing the box. I love presents, but you shouldnt have.
Nonsense, Im your father-in-law now.  Im allowed to buy you gifts. Please, open it.
Jakob ripped off the paper enthusiastically and lifted the lid off the box.  
Ooh! Is that...
Indeed, Lord Blot interrupted.  One of my men retrieved it for you on your first visit to the castle.
A chicken poked its head out of the box.  It stared at Jakob and cocked its head, clucking affectionately.
Henny! Im so glad we never ate you!
Lord Blot patted Jakobs shoulder and returned to his seat while Jakob cuddled Henny.  Juliet watched, mildly amused.  She clenched his hand underneath the table and leaned over to whisper into his ear.
You never told me you had another woman in your life.
Jakob grinned wickedly.  Hmm...If were being honest here, you never told me you had a hairy mole like your father.
Juliet blushed and they both laughed.

 
CHAPTER 33
MARRIED LIFE

Jakob stretched out on his bed, gazing at the morning rays of sunlight that were just beginning to poke through the shutters.  He sighed contentedly.  It had only been two weeks since they got married and already Juliet had redecorated the bed chamber. Jakob had to agree it was a vast improvement and looked ever so warm and cosy now. 
	Its morning, oh beautiful, sweet wifey, he said, yawning loudly. Your masterful King demands a nice, juicy, morning kiss.
	Turning on his side, Jakob perked his lips to kiss Juliet but stopped short when he noticed a foot on the pillow next to him.
	Eek! What you doing? he said.
	Juliet looked up from the bottom of the bed, rubbing her eyes sleepily.  Oh, morning, Dearest.
	Have I been sleeping next to your feet all night?
	Im afraid so.  Its the only way I could get to sleep.  You were snoring like a beast last night.  I blame the crumpets.
	Jakob scratched his head.  Crumpets?  Do crumpets make you snore?
	Well, they do if you eat too many of them.  Youll soon be so big that we both wont fit in this bed.
	Jakob grinned and rubbed his belly. What?  You think Im putting on weight?
	Well, a little bit.  It wouldnt do you any harm to eat a smaller breakfast each day.
	Jakob hurried out of bed and studied his reflection in the full length mirror.  He breathed in and out a few times, watching with dismay as his stomach bulged with each exhalation.
 Charming.  Remind me to eat one less crumpet at breakfast this morning, will you?
	Only one?  I was thinking four.  Juliet giggled and hid beneath the blankets.
	Frowning, Jakob jumped onto the bed and attempted to pull the covers off her.  You cheeky monkey.  At least I dont have hairy toes.
	Juliet poked her head out from the blankets again. What?  How dare you.  I dont have hairy toes.
	You do too.  Obviously Queens dont feel the need to shave their little pinkies.
	You fiend!  Juliet reached for her pillow and struck Jakob with it.  He fell over, laughing.
	At least I have hair, Juliet continued. Youre starting to lose yours.
	Jakob blinked.  What? What do you mean by that?
	Juliet pulled the blankets back over her, trying not to laugh.  Well, you do have a little bald spot on the back of your head. Its quite cute actually.
	Jakob leaped off the bed and bent over next to the mirror, trying to reposition himself to get a closer look.  I cant see a bald spot. Are you pulling my leg?
	Juliet tittered.  Nope, but its only small.  I wouldnt worry about it.  Ill still love you, even if you do lose all your hair and your stomach begins to bulge to shirt popping proportions.
	Oh, really? Jakob asked, fingering his hair.  In that case, Ill still love you, even if your monkey toes become so hairy that I cant see your feet.
	Another pillow slammed Jakob in the face.


CHAPTER 34
WHAT HAPPENED TO LEGGID?

Not a bird or animal stirred in Elson forest. A light fog cloaked the land and not a soul wandered to disturb the tranquil ambience.  Further to the South, in a cave near Elson village, the quiet tranquillity ended abruptly.
Leggit! Dorrel Isk screamed. Baby needs feeding.
Lord Leggid waved his arms in the air, his light sleep disturbed.  Realising where he was, he sat up and groped about in the dark searching frantically for the jug of milk.
Its Leggid, not Leggit! he replied. How many times do I have to tell you, Woman?
Dont make me put you over my knee again, you naughty man!
Lord Leggid groaned.  As he placed his hand on the jug of milk, something leaped on him from out of the darkness.  He fell back and banged his head on the floor. 
Dorrels baby jumped up and down on his belly.  She poked him in the nose and smiled sweetly.
Dad da! she said, showing her small sharp fangs.
Lord Leggid screamed.



* * * *

THE END
