
Boys look at the Stars
Ping-Pong


by
Enzo Pettinelli



SMASHWORDS EDITION


* * * * *


Copyright  2011 by Enzo Pettinelli

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, or through the major online bookshops.
To discover other works and curiosities about the author it is possible to get linked to the official web site
www.ping-pong.org
Thank you for your support
* * * * *

A special thanks goes to Sandra Boschetti for having translated the ebook from Italian to English.
Another special thanks goes to Nicola Falappa for having helped me to draft the ebook
 

Index
Presentation
Author notes
1961 - In China more than 200 milion people play
CHUANG TSE-TUNG
1964 - He smashes the balls at 100 kph
KJELL JOHANSSON
1967 - I defeated a Chinese
NOBUHIKO HASEGAWA
1968 - The age group is growing
DRAGUTIN SURBEK
1969 - The arrival at Munich
SHIGEO ITOH - EBERHARD SCHLER
1971 - Touched he gives 3 table
THE PING-PONG DIPLOMACY
1971 - New information excites the group
STELLAN BENGTSSON
1973 - I want to go to Russia
SARKIS SARKHAJAN
1974 - The boys make some witty remarks
MILAN ORLOWSKI
1975 - A new shot
ISTVAN JONYER
1975 - The boys kindly
STANSLAV GOMOZKOV
1975 - And when they lose...
THE COMING OF THE LONG PIMPLED RUBBER
1976 - This time its a Frenchman
JACQUES SECRETIN
1976 - Its a question of wavelength
ANTON STIPANCIC
1977 - They would have never done it
MITSURU KOHNO
1978 - Everybody wants to try
GABOR GERGELY
1980 - It isnt a mysterious chinese rubber
JOHN HILTON
1981 - Then it spread all around the world
TIBOR KLAMPAR
1982 - You can see it better
BETTINE VRIESEKOOP
1982 - The mysteries of the Great Wall
MIKAEL APPELGREEN
1983 - The group is interested in the novelty
GUO YUEHUA
1985 - The sons of wellness
JIANG JIALIANG
1988 - Suddenly a phone call arrives
ANDRZEJ GRUBBA
1989 - A boy says that...
JAN OVE WALDNER
1991 - The best play is the Swedish
JURGEN PERSSON
1992 - With ping-pong you can get rich
JRG ROSSKOPF
1993 - A good moment
JEAN PHILIPPE GATIEN
1994 - In England the title is won by a Belgium
JEAN MICHEL SAIVE
1995 - Two hours study and six of training
KONG LINGHUI
1999 - Every boy has a dream
LIU GOLIANG
History
Legend
The table tennis pioneers
ZOLTAN MECHLOVITS
FRED PERRY
VICTOR BARNA
MICHAEL SZABADOS
LASZLO "Laci" BELLAK
RICHARD BERGMANN
BOHUMIL VANA
JOHNNY LEACH
FERENC SIDO
MICHEL HAGUENAUER
CONNY FREUNDORFER
GIZI FARKAS
ANGELICA ROZEANU
ITTF story
Table, ball and score
Length of the match
History of the serve
History of the racket
The coming of the modern racket
The story goes on...
Something about the author

Presentation
For the 150th anniversary of the unification of Italy.
Some children play. Their enjoyment is ping-pong. They dont think what is Italy. For them its where they are born. They know there are different dialects, different economic conditions, the climate is different too. But in their hearts its just Italy.
They admire table-tennis players of other Countries. They are curious, they glance and they compare one another. Deep in their hearts they dream to dress the national teams sweater, proud to be among the few that represent Italy. With peace and competitiveness. They see faces, ways, colours and the opponents flags. All is very exciting, they are happy to belong to a Nation, like all the others.



Author notes
It is not only ping-pong or table-tennis. It is an adventure lived by children, through their way of being. Love, cruelty, the story of the great champions from all the world, stimulates their creativity.

This tale is written in the style of a novel. The story has really happened. Dreams, reality, goals morality, the search of oneself, are the ingredients. This adventure takes place in a timeless space.

If you think that to get better, you always need to play with the better players, how did the best of your club become better than you?
1961 - In China more than 200 million people play
In a little Italian town, bathed by the Adriatic sea, about ten children play ping-pong with poor rackets. The club is still young. So is the managerial and technical staff. Theres only one table. All the afternoon, the children all soaked with sweat, talk, shout and challenge each-other. Suddenly one of their mates comes from the main door. Excited he shouts: Hes a Chinese, Chuang Tse-Tung is the new world champion!.

The match stops. They all go towards him. They want to know how the Chinese Champion plays, who was defeated in the final. Someone says he didnt lose a set, some others say that in China more than 200 million people play ping pong. Everybody knows that in China, ping-pong is like football for us. After a while the challenges start again. Someone plays with a penhold grip, thinking that the grip might have some secret. He tries and invents some shots. The boys, waiting for their turn to play keep on arguing: China has one thousand million people! Mao-Tse-Tung, head of the Government, plays ping-pong every day! At school they always play ping-pong. If you are good at playing you will pass the exams! And the friends: Lets all go to China!. Meanwhile the small club finds the money for some national tournament. Two promising young players draw the attention and are immediately called to play in an international match. For the group its a surprise and they celebrate.

CHUANG TSE-TUNG (Zhuang Zedong)
The Genius
Peking: Chuang wins his first World title
Chuang Tse-Tung, is the greatest talent of all times. He starts playing ping-pong on pavements. He used to draw a rectangle and to build a net using some bricks. Whenever Chuang, went out from his house, he used to have a ball in his pocket. This made him feel happy. With his friends he used to go to a park where there were dozens of open air tables. In winter they usually went to the public house. There for the first time he played against the elder players. They gave him advice and with them he trained with them at first. Throughout China all the Public Houses of the Communist Party, had ping-pong tables. The party wanted this.
At 13 he won his first important tournament. He joined the Public table-tennis school. He did not appreciate repetitive patterns. Whenever the trainer was not there, he used to play with his mates. The one who had won was called big brother until the next challenge. The trainer lets him go on. At the end of the match the trainer used to ask him to try the good shots he had done. Chuang tried, but he wasnt able to repeat them. The trainer took the opportunity to explain to him what does training mean. He talked about socialism and the importance of representing his country in the world, all this through hard work.
A little crazy child
Chuang doesnt neglect school. At home he practices the movements in front of the mirror; his mother with love says she has a little crazy child also because he speaks by himself while he corrects his movements.
During a visit of a famous trainer at the gymnasium Chuang sees the ball launched very high during the performance of the services. This strikes him. The day before a match a racket is given to him as a present. He tries it with his hand while he is in bed and falls asleep with it. The day after he wins the tournament. He is very happy because the party and the Nation take great care of the youngsters. One day it was raining and he arrived at the training soaked wet. He is the only one who arrived. The trainer touched, dries him up. For Chuang its a great day, he had the opportunity to play with his trainer. At Peking in the 58s, he performs the first friendly match against Hungary, and wins.
The passport
The day of the passport arrives. The door of the great wall opens. First out-door match, Oxford. The traffic impresses him. The double-decker buses, the shops. The leaded dogs. The people dressed all differently. The women with necklaces, bracelets, rings and neat as if they had never worked. He shook hundreds of hands, all soft, with no corns. He finds the people warm and nice. The places are luxury and dazzling. Chuang knows that somewhere someone works for them. He his playing in the land of imperialism. Chuang is excited, he feels the responsibility.
First match far from home
He loses the first set. In the second one he is losing for 15 to 2. He stops a moment. He hears a voice rising inside himself telling him: even if you dont want to win, your country does. He feels better, he isnt afraid anymore. He brings the points to 19 equal, then after with two dunks he wins 21 to 19. He wins in the last round. This victory hit the opponents and fills the Chinese delegation with pride. The Chinese preparation includes also a tournament in Scandinavia, in 1959. Chuang wins again.
Preparation for the World Championships
China trains for the World Championships that will take place in Peking in 61. People say that in Japan theres a very talented young player, Hasegawa, that is later called wild lion. The Chinese trainers are worried. They know that Hasegawa has won the Hungarian and the Yugoslav with the looping, a shot that Chinese dont know. They decide to send some observers in Japan to study and understand. When they come back, the trainers decide to make some Chinese trainers play the same as Hasegawa. Chuang and the rest of the members of the National players complete their training.
Peking: World Championships
Chuang is very excited. He cant fail. He knows that millions of Chinese, on air, will follow the event minute by minute. TV and newspapers from all over the world are there. The Chinese players also fear the Japanese Ogimura, called the mind, World Champion in 54 and 56. He is the favorite. Chuang, meets the wild lion. He loses the first set and in the second one the score is 0 to 7. He leaves the opponent too much time to the opponent who has a powerful hit but with long movements. Chuang knows he must anticipate. He anticipates, he serves fast and attacks. Hasegawa is surprised. Chuang puts all he has learnt during the training. He wins. Also Ogimura surrenders. Chuang is first and the Chinese places themselves in the first four positions. The 5 thousand spectators acclaim Chuang. He, calm greets the spectators. He knows that he has done his duty. He his modest. Like Mao used to say, one doesnt exalt when wins nor discourage when loses. He his considered the genius of table-tennis. When he returns to his town, after the matches, the first thing he does is to go and see his first old ping pongs trainer. He never forgets to bring him a little present. He will win three titles in the singles, 3 with the team and 1 in the mens doubles.
From 1961 to 1966 he is number one in the world ranking. Then the great carrier interrupts. China isolates itself from the rest of the world. It locks itself up behind the great wall and begins the cultural revolution. He will be back in 71 in Nagoya where the Chinese invite a delegation of American players. This event will be defined by the worlds press as the ping-pongs diplomacy. China will obtain recognition from ONU instead of Formosa, todays Taiwan.
Chuang, later, will become Minister of the sport. During the cultural revolution Chuang will be accused of being part of the gang of the four, an anti-Maoist politic group. He loses the assignment and is sent away from the town of Beijing (Peking) where there is the university of table-tennis. Later, thanks to a friend, he will be reinstated.
The Chinese people, in table-tennis, didnt have their domain anymore. They will have to wait 8 years before they can get the title left by Chuang. Meanwhile, with the change of writing, Chuang Tse-Tung becomes Zhuang Zedong.

Perhaps the position he kept while waiting for the ball, frontal to the face of the racket enabled him to get ready more quickly to perform powerful shots even backhand. The racket is near the body and the left arm, then it is pushed forward high.

Whenever you lose, if you feel like laughing, your future will be bright.
1964 - He smashes the balls at 100 kph
The  sandwich rackets came from Japan. The boys just think playing top-spin, and to make the ball go round. A Swedish has become the new European champion. He smashes the balls at 100 kph! The boys that were at the international match, say: the Swedish and Hungarian players use only attack shots, without losing time exchanging the ball. They are players with a powerful body that have the right arm the double of the left arm!

In the stories there is a mixture of reality and imagination. Meanwhile the boys check if their arm is bigger, they compare one another showing the muscle and making fun of each other. Some-one shows off. Others, embittered, dont take any notice. The boy that chose to play like the Chinese, says: the Chinese are small, but they are the best in the world. And with great patience keeps on playing with the penhold grip, sure that soon or later he will beat everyone.

KJELL JOHANSSON
Aggressiveness
Malmoe: Johansson becomes European champion
High slim, long-limbed, with legs of a greyhound. Brown hair, smooth, pageboy cut. Fast and anticipated play. The smash is perfect: its like a cord of a bow that draws and charges. Then it goes and you cant see where. I didnt know him. When I heard about him they used to say: he smashes everything. He is a phenomenon. I had never seen a foreigner play. I was very curious. I used to ask for details. But about Johansson, the answer was always the same: he smashes.
Johansson was taken as subject for the study of the movements and we came to know him through the frames. Our club, at those times, had studied table-tennis through the Japanese magazine Butterfly that regularly published the sequences of the worlds best players. Everything was studied, in this way, in detail. The forehand smash of Johansson for example, I knew it in every little detail. Like also the backhand one, that had the same elegancy. In the 60 Johansson was the maximum expression of the modern and western play. A model that couldnt be copied. He could only inspire you like all champions. How often happened, in the club we spoke of every little news, also verbal. Then the enthusiasm, the desire of getting better, and all working hard to train. And smashing was a pleasure. You felt as if something inside yourself escaped to become free. When you smashed you felt good. But this couldnt last long.

Johansson smashed everything, so we did, as soon one served, BOOM, immediately smashed. As time passed, nobody bothered to pick up the ball anymore. Because who collected the ball served. Then we discovered the remedy: the short service, very short, you couldnt smash. A real and proper obstructionism. But Johansson could smash everything, but there was a way through.
Though it wasnt true he always smashed. It couldnt had been possible. But it was the shot that impressed . So it was decided to only play matches, to serve a bit each. Nobody was interested in winning. The important was smashing. As time passed the services were shorter and shorter and the smash became an anticipated top spin, with an high start. With great surprise this shot began to work, and it became a new shot that represented the base of our school in Senigallia and that we eventually discovered to be the famous looping performed by the savage lion Hasegawa.
Johansson slowly faded from our minds, along with that pure picture of aggressiveness. He had a kind of play that tended to purity, very fast, with the use of rotation. It was very near the Chinese school.

Memory
I remember him at the European games of the 74 at Novi Sad, third in the singles. Second in the doubles with Bengsson. First in teams with Bengsson and Wikstrom. In 64 and in 66 he has been European champion in the single.
I remember the team matches where Sweden wins and owes everything to Wikstrom, number three of the Swedish team, Johansson  Orlowski in the team semifinal against Cecoslovacchia was the most beautiful match. Johansson sets up the play on velocity.. Orlowski has a pimpled racket on the backhand surface, and exchanges. The forehand top spin is fast and powerful. Strong legs. Johansson doesnt leave the opponent return as he wants. Johansson foresees the shot and goes. The arm and forearm in V position, vertical, parallel to the body and high racket. The left foot moves and hits the parquet. The right leg kicks backwards and the body twists. The right elbow, the right and left shoulder and the left arm are on the same line traced by the smashed ball. The racket ends slightly bent nearly up the left shoulder. He is still and motionless like a statue. Its an instant, an explosion. The ball is already out of control against the barrier. Its a killer shot. You can see the start and arrival. The rest you must put together in your mind.
At this point the game has been improved in the use of forehand top spin with powerful rotations. And Orlowski performs it well. Those balls become very difficult to smash. So Johansson, in every set, smashes less, perhaps also for the age. The star Johansson slowly loses its brightness: in the end he surrenders to Orlowski, that will also win the single becoming the European champion. The team match will be saved by Wikstrom, with a play similar to Johanssons, younger, fresher and perhaps with less responsibility. And the only heir of the smash, a little even for the play, but history doesnt repeat itself. For Wikstrom it will be the most high moment and surely the most beautiful memory. For Johansson, the end has begun and he will take with himself that smash that enchanted for its aesthetic beauty and rapidity. And we shall not see anymore that face, with that released expression, along with that grin with his mouth slightly open.

I played against some-one that always smashed. The only thing I remember best are the barriers instead of the table.
1967 - I defeated a Chinese
The World Championships are back again, this time in Europe. With surprise a Japanese is the winner. The boys are charmed when they come to know that he plays with their same grip. They mock their Chinese mate. That defends himself by saying: Also the Japanese play with a penhold grip, and are better than the European.

Then the challenges start again and they decide that who is first, will be World champion. The boy that plays like a Chinese, is called by the others China, and when the others beat him, they say aloud and amused: I defeated a Chinese!.

NOBUHIKO HASEGAWA
The harmony
Stockholm: the Japanese Hasegawa triumphs at the World Championships
These World Championships were to be in Australia. At that time there was the Vietnam war. Australia supported America, that were involved in the conflict. To avoid the withdrawal of Vietnam and any other delegation, it was decided to hold the matches in Sweden.
Hasegawa considered the care of his body very important. He knows that thoughts wont become action if his body isnt perfect. He does Yoga. Meditation. Runs in open spaces. Does gymnastics. When hes on an plane you can see him serious, along the planes hall do push-ups. At the final he wins his team mate Kohno. Hasegawa has already won the team title and the mixed double. Three golden medals. A real triumph.
Hasegawa has a very classic play, that comes from inside himself. He is elegant, strong and has defined muscles. His play is fluent and oval. There arent abrupt interruptions, no edges. His movement is round and soft. Every action seems a ballet dance. The straight hand top is ahead of its times. Nobody used it, that way. His grip is nearly European. He kept the index finger longitudinal along and in the centre of the racket. The finger is the extension of the hand, lined up with the arm. Hasegawa has two sandwich rubbers.
You dont realize the movements are made using the legs. Everything is made without strain. His arms are the focus of the action, like the wings of the seagull for its flight. The Japanese girls go crazy for him and dont leave him in peace. His play is aesthetic, pure: the balls and the table are the equipment.

Music and movement
He is against the traditional, utilitarian Japanese school trend. When you see him play you can avoid watching the balls flight. If you do, and just watch him play, you wont be able to take your eyes off him. When Hasegawa moves its like music. The racket becomes a ballet tool. He plays the backhand top spin as well as the forehand one. The 90% of the Europeans use the pimpled racket on the backhand. Among the forehand and backhand play there is symbiosis. The two arms, when opening and closing, fill the scene. The path of his limbs describe a magic curve in the air. When you go back watching the other players they seem incomplete or like scared and clumsy crabs.
Hasegawa will be remembered for his harmony which he exasperates, enhances, and exposes. He maybe wouldnt have become a World champion just for the aesthetic of his movements, like other big champions, Surbek, Secretin, Stipancic, Schler, Johansson, Bercic, etc but we would have all the same remembered him for the extraordinary aesthetic contribution he gave to the sport.

If you lose a match and the opponent tells you have been clever, dont believe him: he just wants to encourage you to play the same way you did.
1968 - The age group is growing
An elder boy is attending University in an important town, where ping-pong is played in University clubs. They bring the news of what they have seen at the European Championships. A Yugoslav has won the title. So the story starts.

They all listen with their mouths open: Surbek the champion, before playing, concentrates one hour still just watching the ball. Some one tries, after a while the challenges start. Some think they can already play better. The group is stimulated by every news that comes from abroad. Meanwhile the managerial and technical staff has given an ethic moral and is studying a technical kind of play, that all follow enthusiastically.

DRAGUTIN SURBEK
The tiger of Zagabria
Lyons: Surbek becomes European champion against the defender Brzsei (Hungary)
Croatian, 1.85 high, strong and out standing muscles, no fat. Large shoulders. Thin waist. Explosive thighs. When he bends and gets ready to play he looks like a Sumo fighter. His first love, the 400 mts. The second, table-tennis. He will keep playing at the top world ranks over his 40 years. Dragu, this is his nick name. At the Barcelona Olympics, he carries the Croatian flag during the games opening parade. With the backhand he checks and gets prepared to attack. With the forehand he opens the play and begins a real and proper battle especially physical. The opening of the top spin with the forehand is a model. He brings the racket below and launches it with a fast movement of the forearm on the ball. Then he instantly stops. He doesnt bring the movement high. He isnt fast enough to bring the racket low and reply. Even his body keeps low, and moves back. He is ready to start. His mass doesnt allow him to be fast near the table, unless he is able to quickly push the opponent back. His best play is at the medium and long distance.

Surbek invades the playgrounds
He fights on each ball. He never lets one pass without having tried to catch it. It doesnt matter how. He throws himself on it as the tiger on its prey. If it passes high many meters high and goes across to fall far away, he is under. He runs backwards. He turns. He jumps over the barriers. He invades the playgrounds where the others are playing. He avoids, jumps the obstacles. He squeezes somebody to avoid him fall. So all the players of the parterre stop. They look at him. They arent upset with him . They are delighted. Surbek can always perform a great number. Its better not to miss it. He, Surbek running with his nose upwards. Trying to guess if there are still obstacles under. He always watches upwards. The ball passing over. All in a few seconds. When the ball will come down he will have to hit it back. Right down where it left the table. And where the opponent is already ready to hit it once again. So to have more time, he will reply as high as he can. This way he will have more time to move. Not only high, but with the top spin effect. So when the ball will touch the table it will bounce faster, higher and longer. And this play can last 2,3,5,8 times. The spectators, keep their breath, they want to clap their hands. But you can only clap at the end of the game. With Surbek you often cant resist. The game seems over. The spectators start clapping. But Surbek catches a lost ball. Then the clapping becomes an ovation, there below theres a giant that cant stop anymore, that throws, that runs. Back and forward, laterally, then falls, he gets up and then runs again. At the end, it doesnt matter who did the point, the clapping is always for him, the clapping at the end becomes a chorus: Dragu, Dragu, Dragu. Watching him is a show. The giant that runs with his nose stuck in the air: in ecstasy. With his calm face, like a child opening a present. Thus you think at his heart and not at his power and mass.

If I lose at ping-pong Im embittered. If I get a bad mark at school, my parents are embittered. What a misrepresented family.
1969 - The arrival at Munich
The boy that is studying at University, is back from the World Championships of Monaco. This time he had with himself a 8 mm. camera. The projection. Excitement and expectancy. Pictures from the train, the arrival at Monaco. The ice palace has been prepared for the big sports event. Loads of people at the entrance. The boy of the University says that destiny played a dirty trick on the organizers. Spring is late. The first days you suffer the cold, you have the impression of being still on the ice. The German people try to solve the problem. Obviously ice palaces dont have central heating. So they bring hundreds of electric fires that they put around the palace. In the film you see thousands of spectators.

The boys are surprised to see all those adults. The movements of Hasegawa impress them, he opens and closes the arms at every shot. The boys give him the nick name of Seagull. Then they see Schler, and once again they are amazed, because they see him play, during the first matches, like a forward, knowing he is the biggest defender in the world. And then...

SHIGEO ITOH - EBERHARD SCHLER
The end of the defences
Munich: final for the World-Wide title
Theyve got to face the indoor player Schler, 29 years old self-taught and the Japanese Itoh, 24 years old. For the first time two players with glasses reach the final.
Schler is ready to start: tall, dark, always elegant and his appearance is cared both in the look and in the game. He is a defender of great class. When he meets not very strong players his play is decisive and essential.
Though his maximum expression is in the performance of the chop defence. The movement is clear. He throws the racket backwards and pushes it forward, he stops it when it touches the ball. It looks like a lunge in fencing. Right arm and right leg forward and left arm high, behind. He is still, and the ball starts where the racket stops. He intercalates sudden offensive shots, masking them with a defensive movement, surprising the spectators and the opponent.
He plays far away from the table and he uses a racket with smooth rubbers, (not one for defenders). The posture is original, always with the right leg forward (right hand player) he seems a swordsman. You dont see him running breathless or in difficulty behind the ball; he is always ready to strike standing still with style and elegance.
Schlers thought
During an interview they asked him how he is able of this ability; he answered that it isnt him that goes to the ball, but the ball that comes to him. The truth is that after every shot, he moves very fast to go where the ball will come back. The spectators watch the ball go to the other part, so they dont notice Schlers movement. Therefore when the ball is hit by the opponent, Schler makes the last correction, so to the spectators eyes he seems standing still on his legs when he moves the arm.

Itohs thought
Itoh is the last Japanese heir of the technical revolution of the smooth rubber. He mainly plays forehand and uses only a part of the racket. Impressive lateral movements.
He has a penhold grip with a wide offensive performance and powerful top spin.
His thought: a Japanese athlete is able to become strong in the spirit because with great seriousness always fights to get to know how should a man be in table-tennis. He tested 50 rackets in a year.

The match takes place in the Ice rink, its full of people, many spectators will have to watch it on TV.
The first two sets go through smooth, the German checks the aggressiveness of the opponent. Schler gains a point jumping the base barrier of the pitch rectangle, he defends himself with deadly spin shots. Then he jumps back in the rectangle and with an offensive shot, he gains the point. The spectators stand and clap their hands for over 5 minutes. Its a standing ovation. Perhaps for this point he played the world-wide title. The gratification, the long interruption, arent good for concentration in table-tennis.
The two sets end. Two  zero for Schler. The match continues, its the third set. The match is full of suspense. The German spectators foretaste the first title that they could win in their history. Schler at the end of the set leads for 19 to 18. Then he will give up for 21 to 9.
Itoh asks for a break
We are at two sets against one for Schler. Itoh asks for 5 minutes break (today this break isnt allowed anymore). He sits on the ground at the corner of the game pitch, he covers himself with a towel and takes out from is bag a little book and reads it until the end of the break. We never came to know about its content.
Itoh in the 4th set uses the top spin with an impressive fan movement. Stubby legs, always ready they move nonstop from left to right and vice versa, like none of the Europeans can dream of ever doing. Then he hurls on the ball bending forward as if he is hitting with an axe, sending backwards with a kick the right leg. Schler goes up and down in all directions of his playground rectangle without being seen. Then the spectators see him again still, like a target that must be hit. Schler spins and the ball seems running on a thread, then you see him rise again, always in different spots of his game area. Neat, elegant, remote, maybe with pain inside. He will lose also the 4th set 2 against 2. In the fifth set Schler feels the story has already been written. He is tired, Itoh hits the ball with growing violence. For the spectators its the end of the spell. The ball doesnt go to Schler anymore, that is now far away, exhausted and not tuned with the play.
Schler with honor
Nobody better than him will honor the end of the classic defense. He will give up at the fifth set for 21 to 9. Schler will lose the world-wide final and without batting an eyelid he will shake the opponents hand. The spectators clap their hands, but they feel a dream has been lost for ever. Itoh, even if he has won, falls in tears and is taken by his mates.
With the coming of the new rubbers, no defender will arrive so close to the world title and slowly the defenses will disappear from the high world rank.

I pay, after each lesson. The trainer smiles at me and says thank you. Just like the woman at the restaurant.
1971 - Touched he gives 3 table
The boys of the small Club celebrate. A little court has been covered for them. A sport equipment sales representative comes by. He sees all the children play on an old table. Touched he gives 3 as a gift. So the story goes on. Its a new beginning for all the Club.

The gymnasium fills up. They all want to play. Its the ping-pong diplomacy...

THE PING-PONG DIPLOMACY
Nagoya - Japan
Clenn Cowan, captain of the American table-tennis team, was invited by the Chinese players for a tournament around China. We are at the World Championships in Nagoya. The Chinese win the team matches. Bengtsson an eighteen year old Swedish, will win the single.
China, owing to Maos cultural revolution, had cut off all political, cultural and sport contacts with all the world. It only had left the doors open to the worlds ping-pong federation. But for ten years China didnt take part in any of the official competitions. So it was in Nagoya that took place the great world event. Jumping all the official diplomatic channels, China just used the contacts with the common people and presented itself at the Championships. The Chinese Prime Minister Ciu En-Lai, in a very nice interview of Edgar Show gave the message that the opening was directed to the people from other people, instead between governments.
China had been for ten years like an island in the world: you couldnt get in or get out. The Great Wall was the symbol of incomprehension. China was represented by Formosa for ONU.
The doors of the Great Wall open
With the isolation before and then the surprise of the invitation made to the American players (which had an explosive effect), the ping-pong diplomacy period starts. The case is immediately sensational all around the world. Following there will be the warm welcome of the USA team in China which will be a success both political and advertising. Newspapers and TV of all the world talk about it. Meanwhile the American president Nixon will start the normalization of the relations. The Chinese will end their diplomatic strategy, with a tournament which will touch many nations. The ex three times world champion Chuang Tse-Tung (now Zhuang Zedong, for the change of writing) will go for a tour in Sweden and will end the carrier without ever losing a match in 10 years.

They have scored the last point hitting the net and the edge. What shall I tell my trainer about the other ten points?
1971 - New information excites the group
A little comfort arrives. The youngsters study till 18 years old. The years for playing are longer. New information excites the group. At a friends home you can watch a TV channel from abroad, which always broadcasts sport. This time it will broadcast the final of the world ping-pong title that will be played in Japan.

We all go to the appointment and wait. They prognosticate with hazard, everyone is thrilled. A little moment of panic, caused by the mist on the screen. Then the picture. A sigh of relief. Silence...

STELLAN BENGTSSON
Will and youth
Nagoya: Stellan Bengtsson becomes world champion at 18 years beating the Japanese Shigeo Itoh, champion in charge
Tiny Stellan starts playing sports at 7 years of age. He practices wrestling, handball and table-tennis. At 12 he decides for table-tennis. The sport with no physical contact, it exalts his capacity of skill and sensitivity. At 15, during a gymnastics lesson at school, he falls and fractures his left elbow. He soon finds out that its serious especially because he is a left handed player. He is admitted into hospital for 2 weeks. He undergoes 3 surgical operations. In his elbow, they fit him with a silver plate. He will never be able to fully stretch his arm.
His dream
At the night of the third operation he has a dream: he finds himself in an athletics stadium. He has 2 rackets, one in each hand; he raises and moves them. He lifts himself from the ground and then with amazement he starts flying. Think how many things can be done with table-tennis rackets. He leaves the athletics ground. He is flying through the buildings. The windows are lighted. Inside every window, young kids are playing this sport. He thinks of his left arm which is no longer in pain. He is tempted by entering one of the windows to play. He feels that its more beautiful to fly. He moves his arms. He flies high, above the houses, he feels agile and happy. On top of the roofs, he can see nests. They are all full of table-tennis balls. Doesn't it seem like something strange. The kids playing in the building are in need of balls. Later he thinks that he has to return, he has been missing a long time from home. He has so many things to tell, the arm is cured...
Suddenly he wakes up. Its only a dream. The left arm is lying on the bed, motionless. It will take 3 months of re-education before regaining the normal condition.
The doctors advise him to continue playing for rehabilitation. At Stockholm, a contest takes place between Sweden and Japan. Stellan won't miss a single training session as a spectator. He is curious and asks himself loads of questions. Then he becomes Ogimura's friend. Before the accident, his forehand was much stronger than his backhand. But now he cant strain his forehand so much as he feels pain, whilst he can play freely with his backhand. He places himself at the centre of the table and favors this play. As time goes by, slowly he introduces the forehand into his play. He learns how to move his legs well. He can't extend his arm as he did before.
He leaves his studies and at 17 the Swedish federation sends him to Japan for 3 and a half months. For him this will be the turning point. During the first month he trains at the university of Nichidai. He beats all of his opponents. Then he goes from city to city. He trains and plays matches with Tasaka, Inoue, Kimura and Takahashi. His friendship with Ogimura is of importance and surprise. He gives him technical, psychological and scientific advice on play. He is also taught how in Asian culture, the respect of the opponent is of notable importance. He makes him understand that when you win you don't need to exalt, its only a moment and you always need to look ahead. Then he trains with Itoh and Hasegawa. They become friends. Stellan has a lot of respect for their behavior, both during a match or outside it. They also play loads of matches. He beats Hasegawa only once. Against Itoh, instead he will never win. Stellan trains well, he manages to resist 6 hours of training per day. He observes everything and at night before going to sleep, he makes notes and puts his ideas into order.

The big day
The big day of the world finals at Nagoya arrives.
The organization is perfect. The favorite is Itoh, his training partner at the Japanese exhibition which finished recently. Stellan doesn't want to think about the possible outcome. He is not interested in the route that could be reflected in the table. Ogimura has given him all the advise in order to improve his play. But most of all he has given him serenity and has talked to him as a friend
The single matches start. Hasegawa comes out. Bengtsson beats the Chinese Xi Ehting in the semifinals. Itoh beats Yugoslavian Surbek. The moment of truth has arrived. Bengtsson has Itoh in front of him. He doesn't feel any emotion, he is concentrated on the tactics. He knows that with his backhand he must angle his response both on the left and right. The stadium is packed. The crowd is mostly Japanese. Even Ogimura at London in '54 had all the crowd against him. First set 21-17 for Bengtsson, second set for Itoh. Bengtsson, just 18, doesn't give up, he takes time from his opponent. The Japanese public sustain the same chant until the end of the match, even though Bengtsson will leave his opponent in two successive sets 13-10.
3-1 for Bengtsson. Europe celebrates and invades the Swedish bench. It had been since 1953 that Europe hadn't won. When Bengtsson was born, Europe was losing the world dominion. With his 18 years Bengtsson will become the hero of young kids.
For the Asians instead, it was the end of their power, to see stepping on the highest rank of the podium, that "samurai" coming from the cold north, where the nights are lighted from the fantastic colors of the boreal dawns.

If you think losing isnt useful, ask your opponent.
1973 - I want to go to Russia
In the group, a new problem worries everybody. When they take part in a competition, they have discovered that some players use a rubber called anti-spin. The play they know how to do, doesnt work anymore. They lose and are disappointed. Players that were incapable now win. They are the dread of every tournament. They discus the problem. One says: They were unpleasant before, now they are hateful. Another points out: why dont they do it like for tennis, where everybody plays with the same racket?. A third says:  a friend has stopped, because with this rubber its not ping-pong. This rubber is to save those players which are incompetent, but makes thousands leave.

The boys talk about how this sport is spreading all over the world. More talking is done about Bengtsson who is only 18. They feel him near to them. They come to know about an important news, in the Soviet Union, 2 million people have a membership card. And immediately say: only here ping-pong isnt considered, its the federations fault! Its footballs fault!. Then: In Russia a ping-pong player is considered like an athlete of any other sport. This makes them feel better. The best of every sport get employed in the factories to work half day so that the other half day they can play ping-pong. To the boys it seems a dream, to play and be paid. One says: I want to go to Russia too. Me too! Me too!

SARKIS SARKHAJAN
Talent and purity
He was born in 1947, in Georgia (USSR). When he was young he practiced athletics and football. Table-tennis for him was like a hobby. Then at 11, he decides that table-tennis will be his sport. He comes out quickly. At 19 he is selected for the European Championships in London. In the first team match event, USSR must meet the powerful Yugoslavia. There is no hope. In a meeting amongst players, Sarkis says that winning is possible. His coach, gets him into the team, a bit for his play and a bit on trust. Sarkis will get 3 points and USSR wins the match 5-2. He will never again leave the national team. At the Europeans USSR will only lose against Sweden in the final.
Left handed, introverted, a natural talent. He surpasses everyone in the selections of all the best players of the 15 countries of the Soviet Union. Sarkis, hasn't got either European or Asian technique. He plays with smooth worn out rubbers. He changes them when he remembers. Its like racing in cars, with wheels without tread. His play is based on attacking. He has no physical preparation. He doesn't go jogging. He has no training routines. He doesn't use the top spin. He does whatever possible to simplify the play. He only trusts his own talent. He seems like the product of a revolution, distant and forgotten; lonely and tired he has no desire for innovation.
He seems to live by the day. His instinctive play tends to his preservation. In his country he is a myth. The USSR has more than 2 million registered players. The party select the trainers. They don't know much about table-tennis. It doesn't serve to maintain the position. They give a racket to "Tolstoi" and wait for the opera.
Sarkis, the great occasion
1973, Sarajevo: world finals. For the assignation of the titles in the team event, you play in two groups of excellence. In the first one: China, Sweden, Hungary, South Korea, India, Indonesia, Austria. In the second: Japan, Yugoslavia, Germany, France, England, Czechoslovakia and USSR. The first two of each group, in a final of four teams, will compete for the title. After a first stage the four teams promoted: Sweden, China, Japan and Russia will now be in parity.
The most important moment arrives for the USSR: they need to beat China to get on the highest step of the podium. The team matches develop in this way: 3 Chinese players against 3 Russian players.
Each player must meet all 3 opponents one at a time, a total of 9 matches. The team that arrives up to 5 wins. Each match is played to the best of 2 out of 3 sets. For Russia Sarkhajan comes out. For China Hsu Shao-Fu, famous in the world for his serves with high balls, of more than 3 meters in height. Sarkhajan really suffers with serves in the first set, but wins the match 2-0. 1-0 for Russia. Second match, Strokatov-Li Ching-kuang, 2-0. Third match Gomozkov-Tia Wen-Yuan, 0-2. 2v1 for Russia. Sarkhajan wins easily even against the other two Chinese, whilst his team-mates won't even get a point. 5v4 for China.
Sarkhajan falls into tears: his great effort has been vain. The doors to the finals have closed. Perhaps he has been the greatest talent of all times. He doesn't trust the new rubber that has revolutionized table-tennis. His opponents change it after ten hours of play. His rubbers are decrepit and have turned yellow. His partners say that he has not changed them for 3 years. He seems to fear the contamination of the new. It gives you the impression that he wishes to give his back to culture and rules. And to the continuous research of himself, of primordial truth, without mediation. He is discovering the first day of life in order to get to know his true identity, pre-cultural. This inevitable fear of the new, penalizes him. He is aware of this. But his way of being is pure. His play seems oratorical. He controls the attacks of the opponents with simple and unexpected answers.

Prague 76
During the European Championships in Prague 1976, I spoke to a player before he met Sarkhajan in the singles: he was scared by the thought of playing against each other. Both of them are leaders of their own nations. But the first, to the contrary of Sarkhajan had adopted the rubbers of the "revolution" and they were always new ones. He stroked them continually to get rid of the impurities that the ball leaves during play. He was entrusted to the new and only asked for it. His play was repetitive, monotonous and expensive. During the match he runs, runs and never arrived to the ball. Sarkhajan instead seemed to think otherwise and distracted he pushed the ball to the right and left.
The opponent, sweating, red, run, shot, run, shot and run again. 3-0, he had quit running and now more red carried out his shots with his head down. Sarkis perhaps has never ever won a singles match in international terms, because in his country, the modern rubbers were not used. The effort to adapt continually to each opponent, at the end cost him a lot of fatigue in concentration.
At world level Sarkis Sarkhajan is the great talent. For Russia, his talent is seen as a divine gift. He must do nothing to win. Nearly immobile, at the centre of the table without fatigue. With the record of 28 gold medals in the Soviet Championships he becomes the "Zar of all Russia".

For Christmas they bought me a new racket, making me promise Id do better at school. I really dont understand how they can think that, playing at ping-pong, can make me become more clever at school?!
1974 - The boys make some witty remarks
The boys take part with success in regional and national competitions. The most clever even take part in international activities with the club and with the national team. So they can compare their school. The new European champion is from Czechoslovakia. Physically strong, with an even play. He has always beautiful blonde girls around him.

The boys make some witty remarks, but they like the news. They think that with ping-pong you can easily break some hearts. At the end a boy says to his friend: But you, cant play ping-pong, and you arent handsome either.

MILAN ORLOWSKI
The handsome gentlemen
Novisad: Orlowski becomes European Champion
Orlowski, Czechoslovakian, nice smile, clean face of an adolescent, powerful body of a sprinter, attack minded player with a powerful exchange. Women like him. When he plays there is always a small group of ladies that are present and support him.
Orlowski beats Johansson (Swedish) in the semifinals, already champion in '66. In the other semifinal Gergely beats the landlord, Surbek. The stadium is always crowded. Yugoslavia is the land with great traditions of players and competitions. The television with live broadcast always screen the table-tennis played both in the country or abroad. The public is competent, warm, with frequent expressions of color and doesn't take sides.

Finals for the title
Title match. Orlowski comes out on the field. While walking to the table of play he turns to the stand where a group of girls applaud him as if he had already won. He smiles. Gergely gets the advantage quickly 5-0. During a serve he hits the net 3 consecutive times. (In table-tennis there is no limit. You can hit the net infinitely, you always repeat.) Then Gergely takes the points to 11-1. Orlowski is in problems, he loses the first set. But he picks himself up and wins the second. He goes with easy alternations. They get level two sets each. Then the deciding match, fifth and last set for the roof of Europe. Gergely to the serve. Orlowski's fans make a devilish chant. They don't calm down. Gergely waits impatient, (in table-tennis you play in silence) silence returns. Gergely breaks. Orlowski plays more powerfully and secure. From the stands silence. From the table, the tinkles of the ball. The sounds of ping pong ping pong sum up like the seconds of a clock towards conclusion. Gergely seems to want to delay. Orlowski to accelerate. 21-15 for Orlowski. Immersed in the applause some fans rush from the stands in order to invade the pitch. Orlowski escapes towards the bench. His companions pick him up and throw him up. He smiles happily. The fans make a circle, they wait and scream. Above is paradise, below a case of hell. In this year Orlowski will have his best world ranking reaching the third place.

If one of your team mates doesnt want to play with you, using as an excuse that you make him lose his rhythm, let the opponent do it for you.
1975 - A new shot
Like a long wave arrives the news that an Hungarian has become world champion. The information about his play charm with fantasy the young group. A boy says: He has invented a new shot! And then explains the novelty.

The ball doesnt trace a parabolic curve like for the top-spin, this does an horizontal parabolic curve. The boys try hard and with expectancy to discover the secrets of the new shot.

ISTVAN JONYER
Inventor of the Sidespin
Calcutta: Jonyer world champion
Istvan Jonyer, 25 years old n 9, Hungarian, becomes world champion. In the finals he beats Stipancic, Yugoslavian, 21-19 at the fifth set. Jonyer, as a kid used to play football. At 14 he got close to table-tennis and has learnt, listening to the advise of friends. He didn't have a coach that soon. His harmony doesn't occur through obligated figures. Jonyer hasnt a particular grip in play. The racket isn't held firm in the hand. He moves it continuously, it seems that it is going to slip from him from one moment to another. When he strikes the ball you don't know if the racket is located in the correct position. If you play against him you feel a bit of discomfort. But if you observe him from the stand, you only see the evolution of the gestures. He plays a bit withdrawn with respect to the average, so his gestures are more wide. A bit like fireworks, first low, intense, that later explode in all directions. To have a lot of kind of grips makes you lose time. But you can have more freedom in the evolution of the gesture.

Total player
Jonyer could not be content only playing with his feet. His mind speaks to the rest of his body. With his fingers in continuous movement on the racket it seems that he wants to modify the equipment for every shortcoming. His shots in the game are always more delicate. Powerful shots are made with long strokes. He doesn't strike the ball, he makes it fly, he gives it a spin which acts as the motor for the trajectory, not for making the opponent mistake or make an illogical parable. His aerial play seems to be remote controlled, the geometric curves are beautiful, exalting. They all pass above the table of play, fast and luminous. When the match ends some parables remain printed in the mind, sculptured, in motion. Along with a happy face with a bag strapped to his shoulder, slightly rocking and moving away from the area of play.
The new shot
Loads of people have tried to imitate him. After the victory of the world title, the side spin has gone on tour around the world. At every tournament you could see players that used it at the wrong time. They all felt like young Jonyer's . He was the most noticeable champion for us Europeans. His slow play meant that you had more time to observe him. Strong physique, tall, with an all round musculature. Luminous look with the expression of a good boy always smiling. When he stops talking and getting the word, at the end of the conversation he always ends up in happiness. When he faces difficult moments in play, if you look at his face he always seems excited. It seems as if he is looking forward to the pleasure of seeing the other peoples expression when he succeeds changing the predictions.

I remember Jonyer, 1985 at Senigallia
After having visited the Olympic Centre still in construction, with Costantini we went to carry out a training session in the small gym by San Martino. It was summer: in this period we didnt play much. The gym was full of dust. Jonyer with nonchalance had asked for a broom. Jonyer, anticipated and got it, leaning on it whilst talking. Then he came to me asking: why do you shoot so powerfully in Italy? I tried to explain that everything was born from the use of Chinese coaches that had from '79 forced all players to concede the 3 exchanges, but I prefer not to comment. Jonyer explained that the play has to be prepared and he brought the example of Hungary, world champion at Pyongyyang, with Gergely and Klampar. Jonyer in the meantime had started to clean the gym, very naturally with simplicity. A great example that I will never forget. Then the training. Jonyer was always delicate in his preparatory play, followed by progressive accelerations. In that play you could find the answer to all that he could not understand of our way of playing.

The double matches are the most unrewarding. My team mate makes me lose every time.
1975 - The boys kindly
Recently some girls have come to play. The boys, kindly, give them some space.

But later on they regret their kindness. They realize that the tables are too crowded, and to take away a table from a girl isnt that easy. But also for the womens section good result come to complete the club.

STANSLAV GOMOZKOV
The pilot
Calcutta: Gomozkov World Champion in mixed doubles
Gomozkov, Russian, number 5 in the world rankings in 1967. Mixed doubles champion together with Ferdman.
Round face, tall, strong build. His play is not powerful. He places himself at the centre of the table as drivers play. He opens the play with a roll and then passes on to the exchange play. He plays well with his backhand and forearm. With respect to players in circulation, when he plays with his backhand, he can take the point without you noticing it. The strong backhand is the characteristic of the Russians. He has a tactical play, intelligent that he uses successfully especially in the doubles.

In the European Championships he wins 4 mixed titles. When he plays the mixed matches he makes the opposing women go crazy as they don't foresee his shots. In the singles, he is too studied by the opponents, he can't surprise them. His play is standard, talent is not enough to surpass all the obstacles. Then Gomozkov becomes a coach. Like this he finishes his career with plural- medals for the USSR.
Even the Chinese have their own school but they present different interpretations. For the Russians, although there are other 2 million members, Gomozkov and Sarkhajan always carry the flag. It is a school that doesn't evolve. However the kind of play is interesting. It seems that there is a rejection of anything thats new. Both as a suggestion from the outside or research from the inside.
The sandwich rubbers arrive in Russia quite late. Perhaps it depends on the cost. For some players the reason could be economic. Maybe its the Russian politics, perhaps this is the problem. Then the "Butterfly" (leader company in ping-pong equipment) arrives which even hits the Russian players. By now its too late. Development in the world has come a long time ago. Now recuperation is the key.

If you have got an unpleasant opponent, when you play against him beat him. You will discover that his pleasantness was repressed.
1975 - And when they lose...
Within the little club, shocking news arrive. The Chinese have invented a new rubber that leaves the opponent nil. The boys at first incredulous, then curious. They would like to try the new rubber. The less clever think to solve their problems that way, and revenge on the clever ones. And when they lose. They say: dont laugh, when the new rubber will arrive, Ill leave you nil.

One of the boys has an uncle, that often goes to China on business. Secretly he asks him for the great present.

THE COMING OF THE LONG PIMPLED RUBBER
LUBIANA: The "Mini-spens" are taking place. A general test before the World Championships which will take place in Birmingham. China hadnt won a single title since 1973. The European know how to play against the new rubber. They also have started to use the smooth rubber for the backhand play. At the beginning, even if they had a different grip from the Japanese, they copied their play, keeping the pimpled rubber for the backhand. Later slowly they changed it for the smooth one, developing also an attacking play.
The Chinese instead had players that used every type of rubber and in the international competitions they always introduce new players with different kind of plays and with deadly services. The Chinese strategy was that at the third exchange the play was to be ended. When the Chinese served, five serves, they must make four or five points. It was more difficult when the opponent served. The important is to force the play

China launches a new player, Huang Liang
We are back in Novi Sad. China brings a new player that has an European grip and with an unknown rubber. On one side theres a smooth rubber, on the other, a very long pimpled rubber. Huang Liang is the new Chinese produce. You can see him at the hotels hall with a little group of Chinese. Always laughing and talking together. Dresses like seminarists, dark grey with large trousers. But Huang Liang brakes through tradition, dressed with light colors and slightly glittering. He draws the attention, some one smiles, but it is better not to take any notice. At the competitions they always strike fear to everybody. Huang Liang is also the tallest. Among the group he has a haggard face. He is slimmer, and nervous body. Well see if in the match too. Long muscles, not compressed. Fast and with a good sense of timing. During the play he rotates the racket in his hand and easily answers with one side or the other of the racket. He keeps near the table and his cuts are anticipated. When a high ball returns to him he smashes. All the best European players, Surbek, Bengtsson, lose badly, Huang Liang will never lose a set. He will lose only against his team mate at the semifinal, Go Jao Hua for 3-1.
This new rubber will be used rapidly from all the defensive players, and from the old exchangers, bringing them competitively back to the detriment of the play. The difficulty of playing with this racket was that not often one was able to see what face the other player used when answering back so it was very difficult to answer with the desired shot.
Defense with long pimples. Dirty defense
Huang Liang  Surbek. It just seems a match like all the other. With the Chinese you lose most of the times; when you win against them we always celebrate. Surbek is ready. He is used to battle. Huang Luang is at the service. He begins with a backhand fast cut like a fan in front of his body. Surbek opens with a forehand top spin. The ball touches the racket and slips down. The ball didnt grip. Surbek watches if the racket is wet, he passes his hand on it lightly, everything is ok. He gets into position to receive the second service. The Chinese starts again, same service. Surbek, more careful, repeats the opening, but the ball falls on the floor. The spectators immediately realize something strange is happening, you hear whisperings. Surbek checks the racket once again, its an automatic gesture, but he understands theres something new. He looks over his bench. They nod, they dont understand.
At the service Huag Liang, same gesture, same velocity and position at the table. The ball goes; same bounce. Surbek, with great attention, launches his top spin shot. All the world knows him for this. He gets closer very careful and touches the ball, this time instead of being cut , the ball goes high slowly, it seems to have a proper motion and passes 2 meters high over the table, over and behind Huang Liangs head. A surprised exclamation all over the sport palace comes from the spectators. Nothing like that had ever been seen. Surbek, disconcerted, curios and surprised, after walking around his game court, goes to Huang Liang and asks to show him his racket. Huang Liang without getting to near, shows quickly the two faces. A smooth face, a dotted one. Perhaps he saw the dots were longer, but to understand and find the way to answer back isnt easy.
The first set will end 21 to 4. Same score for the Swedish Johansson. The ex world champion Begtsson 21 to 5. It was an earthquake caused by China in Europe. The European people seem set back to the parish oratories or social clubs. Bengtsson, the king of six years ago is sitting alone, at the restaurant, with the hands in his hair. And staring the table with his head bent.
The new rubber invades the World
From this moment a new rubber was officially born. It has pimples long 2, 3 times the normal one. When the ball hits the rubber, the pimples, like lots of little cylinders, bend and the ball slips like when a car breaks on the wet road. If the ball is hit to give a spin the rubber wont catch it. If you answer with this rubber to a top spin shot, the ball will return with the same top spin rotation, but will change in a chopped shot. The racket that has on one surface this rubber and on the other a offensive rubber, becomes deadly. Huang Liang had the racket with both rubbers black. When he served, he started with the racket hidden under the table, so the opponent, due to the fast performance, wasnt able to see what rubber hit the ball. The play became a conjuring trick.
Surbek is a player that doesnt easily give up, he gives all he can do, he always tries to search for his forward shot so to burst out his powerful top. If necessary, he uses high defense. He invades the opponents court to catch the ball. He throws himself like a football goal keeper. But you wont be able to see anything of this from Huang Liang. Its like a kind of invisible play.
The new rubber will bring back at high levels, all those defensive players that, with the top spin, had been sent back to the low ranks or had stopped playing. But in 1983, at the congress of Tokyo, they decide that the racket must have two colors. Red on one surface and black on the other. So, slowly, the use of rubbers that served only to unable the opponents to play ends.

I always lose when I play against a player I dont know. Gee, how do the others do it?
1976 - This time its a Frenchman
The new European champion. The boys realize there is always a new name that comes out. This time its a Frenchman. Also this player is different from all the others. He lets the opponent attack and he defends. The exact thing they never do. He sends the ball high. So the opponent smashes continuously. But he always catches it and never mistakes.

The boys try it too, they find out its an amusing play. So, in turns, they challenge each other. One defends, one attacks. This kind of play is repeated the next days too. The technical staff let them go along with it, helping them.

JACQUES SECRETIN
The King of high defense
Hannover: we find ourselves at the international tournament in Hannover, end of February 1976. Secretin, French, left handed, loses in the finals against Johansson 3-0 (17, 19, 17); the following month the European Championships will take place. Secretin is well defeated at the end. During the final party, where everyone relaxes and chills out, I sit beside him greeting him with a nod.
The right man
Its been long since France has awaited for an European title, Secretin seems to be the right man. His play is unique: he trusts the high defense. With stronger players he prefers to withdraw from the table and hit the ball that passes above the net at about 8 meters high. The opponent is forced to smash continuously. He engages a kind of play that sees his legs jumping frequently on the barriers of his game rectangle; he always needs extra space. His physical requirement is that of a marathon runner, mixed with spurts of a 100 meter runner. The balls that he strikes, always hit the end of the table with absolute precision, and spurt with a high and long effect. Its difficult to win a tournament with this play. You need to be in a great physical condition. His specialty is the mixed doubles were he gets the opposing female in great difficulty.
"Today I know that I can play against anyone"
In '77 he will win the world mixed doubles title. After exchanging some words, I ask him what he intends doing in the next European Championships. His answer strikes me very much. There is no tension, no will to win. No fear of loss. He just simply tells me " Today I know I can play against anyone." Secretin expressed a play of talent and of internal needs non transferable to others. All the big ones expressed this quality but he followed a road that headed for a great show. He knew how to exalt the public.

European Championship
We are in Prague in a splendid day of sunshine. The European Championships singles start. Secretin opens the tournament with the Austrian Weinmann and reaches quickly 3-0. Then Barner, Hungarian still 3-0. Its now the turn of the big Yugoslavian Stipancic, the only European that wrestles for a draw against the Chinese, Secretin wins 3-1.
Now comes the most difficult match, we are in the semifinals, the opponent is Milan Orlowski, from Prague. The spectators pack the place and are all for him. 5 sets will be needed to tame him. Orlowski is in advantage 2 sets to 1. The crowd exalts, it seems done. Secretin, will make no more mistakes. In the other 2 sets, he will leave his opponent with a 17-13 score.
Finals: Secretin - Strokatov
In the final there is Strokatov, Russian that comes from the upper part of the hall. When they are introduced to the crowd, they quickly get on Secretin's side. they have already forgotten the "rudeness". The opponent is Russian. You realize quickly that the match has a political flavor. The cold war and the iron curtain imposed by the Russians does not please the Czechs. For them it is a moment of freedom. Secretin wins the first set. Then loses the second 24-26. The third set he wins 21-14. The fourth again for the Russians 21-13.
We are in the fifth set. The audience is exited, they accompany Secretin to every point, there are very spectacular moments. The Russian remains cold, but feels that the place is hostile to him. Secretin runs continuously through his area of play and lifts the ball to the stars. Strokatov, strikes violently, but now his actions have grown stout. Secretin instead, is always quick in his shifts. The ball always flies up higher and with precision to end on the opponents side of the table. For Strokatov its the end. He will stay at 12. The crowd accompany Secretin with ovation and applause with the sound of the Marseillese that will crown him European champion. The excited spectators, attribute the victory of the French with a meaning of freedom.
The moment has arrived with arrogance, or tension and with great respect to all the opponents. The year after, in 1977, He will become champion in the mixed double with Bergeret.

If while you play, the trainer says you are not moving your legs, it is because he doesnt consider you are tired of picking up all the balls.
1976 - Its a question of wavelength
A boy gives the news that the new European champion, the Yugoslav Stipancic, wins with a play which is the exact contrary of the Frenchmans one. The latter puts himself in the centre of the table and, without moving, plays like a machine gun. The university boy that is elder and with more experience shows how. So the evening is spent in trying and talking. There isnt a kind of play that goes for everybody. Every player must use the play he feels. A player that doesnt often win, says: I feel like winning, but, how come I never win...

One of them answers: why dont you be the umpire?. The philosopher of the group says: the game is like when you chose a dog. The dog looks like its owner. Its just a question of wavelength. The boys say: its true, sometimes they look like twins. Then the game goes on. But one of the boys after winning calls is opponent poodle, puppy. Some other fluffy dog. The winners with pride call themselves wolves, mastiff, etc, etc. A long series of nick names starts, becoming: turtle, lion, elephant baboon, cobra. The evening ends this way.

ANTON STIPANCIC
The pinball
Prague: Stipancic team European Champion
Stipancic, Yugoslavian, left-handed, strong and square face. A lot of hair, that goes round like a horse shoe covering his ears. He becomes team European champion in 1979 (with Surbek and Karakasevic) against Sweden. At Pyongyang in 1979 he is champion in the double with Surbek. He often trains with Karakasevic, his national mate. The latter has a penhold grip, and an oriental play set up. Having in a club a player similar to the opponents makes the training easy. Stipancic is known as the Orientals punisher.

The machine gun
When he plays a match he seems a wardrobe with articulated arms that puts himself in the middle of the table. He returns the ball like the pinball mushrooms. The wrist adapts at all positions and grapeshot returns, anticipating straight after the ball has hit his table. He has a complex harmony, not easy to appreciate. You can only see the result. And one asks himself how, that wardrobe standing still in the centre of table, can play that way. With the racket recessed in the hand always on the ball, as soon the ball bounces on his table. And then always pushing forward, towards his opponent with anticipated top spin. When you watch him you catch your breath.
He also becomes European champion twice in the double with his inseparable friend Surbek and once in the mixed double with Palatinus.
During the World Championships of Calcutta in 1975 he wins the silver medal and he is beaten in the final by Jonyer for 21 to 19 at the last decisive match.

My trainer tells me its important to win. My parents say the same. Gee! There surely must be something less important I can do for them?!
1977 - They would have never done it
In the small group a girl from another club is getting technically prepared too. So three of them are going to take part with the national team to the World Championships in England. A Japanese will become World champion beating in the final a Chinese. They say the Chinese let the Japanese win for diplomatic relations. The boy left home, cant believe it, they would have never done it.

The story goes on. While waiting, the oriental players form groups divided by nations and are always very serious. On the contrary the Europeans mix up, and talk to each other amused. You have the impression of seeing two completely different worlds. The Chinese, in the game, hit and shoot, its the so called play of the third ball: service, answer and point shot. The European play with fantasy.

MITSURU KOHNO
Double wing play
Birmingham. 34th s Championships
A huge exhibition is organized. You play, you eat, you rest, you play and play again. Until dinner. The hotel is far, more than an hour by bus. For 10 days. 30 game tables. 70 tables for training, that they continuously set. Kohono, Japanese, becomes world champion against the Chinese Guo Yuehua. Kohono, glasses, large shoulders, strong all over his body. He plays with a penhold grip and pimpled rubber. His calm, reflective ways and accurate movements, makes you think at the now gone samurai. He has a different kind of play from his Japanese compatriots. The backhand is his best weapon. He bends forward  left, then he opens and shoots tacks. With the free arm he properly harmonizes the action.
In the semifinal he beats for 3 to 0 Huang Liang, the Chinese that with the long pimples has two month ago shattered Europe. His passage was like a meteor.

The title is the prize
Kohno takes the field and makes two warming up dribbles. A ball reaches him on the backhand, from a top to bottom movement he performs a block that he sends back cut. The ball seems played with an antispin. Among the spectators theres surprise and astonishment. Theres expectation. He wont perform it again.
When the regular three minutes expire the umpire stops the game. He tosses up a coin, to draw: who wins can choose the side to play or the service. Then the umpire, with the hand, invites to begin the game. You dont detect emotions. On the two benches, lined up, technicians and players begin to move the heads with synchrony. The spectators do the same. Kohono, in the play, pushes the racket forward, both with the forehand and backhand. He his placed in the middle of the table and makes a linear play as if playing tennis. When he hits forehand the movement of the body is imperceptible. The backhand movement, even if it slides, is elaborated. Quick bowing and quick standing up of the body. The arm flows well. There isnt a lot of leg movement. It seems a game made of only bows.
A long time has passed since I last saw him play. In my mind I still have the memory: the shining glasses. A strong built body. The many bows he gave the opponent. The slowest, the longest, the most beautiful, the kindest, he made shaking hands with the Chinese at the end of the match. Some say the Chinese had decided to let him win. Guo Yuehua was in difficulty, he did not have the anticipation. He seemed resigned. In the history of the worlds finals the Japanese meet twice the Chinese and win.

If I think of winning, I lose. If I think of losing, I lose. I dont really know what to think anymore.
1978 - Everybody wants to try
At the Europeans an Hungarian comes out. They talk again about this kind of school where the player hits with the arm outstretched. Some trainers of ours had put a cartoon tube around the arms of the pupils so to block the elbow and hit strong top-spins. Also the boys try and try. Some shots succeed, but slowly they go back to their own play.

At last the rubber from China comes. The boy comes with the new racket, without saying anything. He challenges immediately the clever one, but he isnt even able to serve. He mistakes straight away. The play turns out to be awful. The friends, notice and mock him. He disappointed admits. But everybody wants to try the new rubber. They realize they must learn how to use it. So they try and try, trying to understand.

GABOR GERGELY
The extrovert
Duisburg (Germany): Gergely become European Champion
Gergely, Jonyer and Klampar, Hungarian. At Pyongyang in 1977, team World Championships. Three names, three players. A school, the Hungarian one. Three different ways of playing. The only thing they share is the start of the knee in the top spin, the wide movement, the high conclusion.
Gergely, gay, extrovert. Moustache like Gengis Khan, dark and deep eyes, nice face. A lot of hair and curls that seem backcombed. Only him can wear it with nonchalance, another would be embarrassed. They are the ticket of his exuberance, and creativity.
His play
The backhand top ends high, with a stretched arm, vertical over the body completely extended. It looks like he wants to greet somebody. Somebody far, somebody far over the crowd. Hes unique at this shot. The others dont get close. Its his invention, that movement doesnt seem to be logic but its a killer shot. At those times the backhand top wasnt to be made. It was better to move oneself and hit forward. Instead he gets thrilled, when he starts from the bottom and goes vertical, towards the sky.
Personality
In the 70s Gergely is the forerunner of the total play. In 75 Hungary has imposed its school through Jonyer, single world champion. But the Hungarian had trained for the short play, under the net. The services with little effect, but shorter possible. The play is made of large and long shots.
Gegerlys face watches the game, changes expression, twists his mouth, the nose, then he opens again the mouth, he relaxes, smiles, another grim, its a face that mimes every shot. He shows his feelings, his concentration, his wonder.
During the World Championships of Pyongyang, in '79, the Hungarian team beats China for 5-1: a devastating score. China for many years has successfully tested the theory of the third ball, which means to obtain the point as soon as possible. It was studied by an old Chinese teacher.

China - Hungary
We are at the finals. Hungary has: Gergely, Jonyer and Klampar. China: Guo Yuehua, Lu Oiwei and Li Zhenshi. The sports hall is crowded. The twenty thousand seats have already been busy for many hours. The spectators are all for China. Hungary is a nation lost in Europe. It isnt known. They take the field for the first match, Gergely and Guo Yuehua. Gergely starts the service, China is ready to launch the attack; short ball, slow and that seems without any effect. Guo throws himself on it, and places his thrust, out. The ball seems without weight. The Chinese looks immediately towards the bench, that sends an incomprehensible nod. Things dont change, Guo is puzzled. 4-1. Guo serves, fast serve, he is ready to attack. Gergely delays the answer, he replies slow and with a charged top spin. Guo is impatient, the ball never reaches him. The play rhythm is too slow, he hasnt this play in him, he is the rhythmic result of the selection of the third ball. Selection made on the beat of rock, emotional, without any thoughts. He replies, the ball rolls to the net. Out of time. Gergely imposes a waltz game. Strauss seems to be his teacher: theres time to think and see. Also his eccentric and musician hair style looks nice on him. At the end of the match Jonyer leaves the flag to Guo Yuehua and Klampar against Lu Qiwei, wins at the deciding match for 21 -10 making the backhand blast along with the shouting and delighted Hungarian bench. The spectators clap their hands but embittered for the performance of the near and friendly China. They leave the sport palace puzzled. The style and the amazing play of the Hungarian has upset the indoor spectators. After the defeat of Pyongyang the Chinese give up the theory of the third ball. And start to study the European grip, which also leads to the backhand top spin, that had been the amazing, efficient weapon of the Hungarian success.
Gergely happy ends his match. He is also calm when he isnt a winner. He never shows the suffering sensation of the loser. He is generous, honest, he knows that his opponent can win too. He knows that in this game nobody can be sly. He plays this game with transparent loyalty. When he loses he doesnt suffer but is sorry. Also the spectators that support him with affection are sorry.
Nevertheless if you look at him, he smiles just the same. And you are happy to smile back.

Since I put my racket in the microwave and I win, nobody laughs at me anymore. And to think that before I was famous for my witty jokes.
1980 - It isnt a mysterious chinese rubber
In the small gymnasium, breaking news outcome. An Englishman wins the European title, using a racket that cancels the effect of top-spin. The boys are puzzled. The Hungarian style of play that made them so curious, now is cancelled. Theres a moment of confusion.

The group, which has a game, well constructed and now important, is a little worried. They say the Englishman used an anti-spin rubber, that they already know, and it isnt a mysterious Chinese rubber. Surprised they ask one another how he did it...

JOHN HILTON
From dust to the altar
Bern (Switzerland): John Hilton European Champion
The Englishman John Hilton, in life insurer, 32 years, stubby, pronounced features, hair like the Beatles. He becomes European champion beating in the final the Czech Dvoracek, for 3 to 0.


Gentle and with elegant manners, a real gentleman. In the game he is the ugly duckling. He uses an anti-spin rubber and a smooth one. He plays near the table, with great sensitivity. He turns the racket in his hand, quickly and returns changing the two surfaces. The rubbers have the same black color (in 82 the rule will impose the double colour on the racket, black on one surface and the other red). You understand when he returns with the anti-spin because the ball arrives slow and short. Its always too late for a good reply. You must be careful because the ball might come back on the right or also on the left, by surprise short or long. We had been used to these surprises since the time of the Chinese, but not from a gentleman. He has been the first to use the anti-spin this way.
. When you look at him straight in the face, during the play, he looks reassuring, you would be happy to draw up an insurance policy with him. If you look at his racket and the disharmonic way he returns in the play, you immediately think you did well not to have drawn it up. Before arriving to the final he won 3 to 0 Parietti (FR) and Grimtsrup (Dan) 3 to 1 against Lieck and Kreiz (Hungarian). Gergely only, in the semifinal, reached the fifth match.
Sporting life
He began to play at 17 years old. After a few years he stops and for two years he practices a little of all sports, mainly gymnastics. At 12 years he moves to Austria where he plays for a club and trains children.
He moves back to England at 25 years old. From 25 years up to 31 he passes, from the 16th to the 3rd place in the English rank and enters the national team. After he won the European title he says: I still cant believe it, Im so happy especially for England. This title is important for our table-tennis; perhaps tomorrow it will be important for me too . He reached the 5th place in the world rank in 1981.

After Ive started to see friends that have my same defects, I dont have the problem of correcting them anymore.
1981 - Then it spread all around the world
An Hungarian wins the Worlds cup. They say that, before training, he had glued to fast the rubbers. So the glue didnt dry well. And he discovered the ball went faster, with less effort. The secret was kept for a while in Hungary. Then it spread all around the world.

The novelty brought two unexpected changes. The first has made the life of elder agonistic players longer. And the second is that the youngsters that were learning to play, started to give layers and layers of glue. Opening to a barbarization period. As if this was the only solution for their technical problems. For this reason, in Europe, time stopped. While in the mysterious Chinese world you dont notice changes.

TIBOR KLAMPAR
Genius and excess
Kuala Lampur: Klampar wins the Worlds Cup
Match with players of all continents the best of the world have been included for a total of 16 competitors.
Medium height. Slim, solid, long length muscles. Round chest , slightly round-shouldered. Single expressive face. He is a mixture of a sad gipsy and a Mongol. Short dark hair, bent forward. In game and out he never laughs. When he plays the double male he always pecks his mate.
When he plays the double mixed, like happened during the European Championships in 78 in Duisburg, his team mate starts, plays, and ends up in tears. And he always tells her off, following her, like a hunting dog, even when she goes to pick the ball up. She has red eyes, her head bent, she is confused, and embarrassed. He is always serious, convinced, he doesnt notice the people watching from the stands. His informal behaviour, a little innocent, gives him a genuine touch. The unfortunate girl doesnt represent the victim, she is the means of his sincerity, just like during the match. He doesnt like the planned play, he skips the intermediate steps and goes straight to the point, During the play this is his quality. You can hear him, watch him play, with a mixture of discomfort and wonder. He moves the minimum necessary. He seems in slow motion. He doesnt make unnecessary movements. He uses short spins. You detect vibrations. The others run, he walks. If there is an insect that flies around and disturbs, the other just chases it away, he already has caught it.
In this poor and slow play his offensive shots, when the ball leaves the racket, are like bullets. Theres something you dont understand. How can a racket hit in slow motion and make the ball go so fast? You think at his strange personality. But still this cant be the explanation. He touches slowly, you feel a kind of vibration in all of his body, and the ball springs fast.
A pool match
I remember the first time I watched a pool match. The red pool got slowly, slowly near the cue ball. Point won, I told myself. But the pool touches the cue ball and this starts to spin fast, it spins faster than the push. Lost point. How come the cue ball spins faster than the push? You can see the same thing in the game of bowls. When the bowl touches the jack, this springs, fast, without control. I felt the same emotion when I saw Klampar play for the first time. Novi Sad 74, where he wins the double with Jonyer. When a heavier object bangs into a lighter one, the heavier object passes its own velocity, increasing it proportionally the difference of weight. But Klampar, with Jonyer and Gergely becomes team world champion in 79 at Pyongyang and of Europe in 78 at Duisburg and in 82 in Budapest. Destiny will give him the best prizes to be shared with his team mates. And by himself in the single matches, he will win the world cup in 81. It will be his best result.
Birmingham World Championships
1977, BIRMINGHAM: team semifinal: Hungary - Japan. First match Klampar - Takashima
I had been following Takashima for a few days, a defender with smooth rubbers. He had impressed me because, after the third or fourth spin far from the table, he used to get quickly fast near the table, with the racket already high, ready to smash the reply. He had impressed me because every cut passed just a little over the net and the opponent replied with high and elaborated top spin. Always the same with everyone, always the same script. Lets go back to Klampar  Takashima. Service, no problem for the first cut of Takashima .The ball doesnt skim over the net. It passes higher. The third cut is still with no doubt, high. The fourth is high long and out. For me it was impressive. When Klampar performed the forehand top spin I used to be able to see clearly the slowness of the movement. The course of the arm and the racket that began the movement from the knee, to end up high, wide and a little over the head.

Personalit
Its essential, when he performs the forehand service to have legs and body, lined up with the longitudinal prosecution of the left part of the table. As soon he touches the ball he moves the right leg towards the centre of the table, so he is ready for his action. While he is waiting for the service, he is never still. He brings his hand to the neck. He moves the racket with rapid movements. He lets his head fall in all direction. He raises a foot. He shakes his shoulders. Then suddenly he explodes. He touches the ball. For an instant he stops. Then he starts again suddenly, to stop once more. Then he starts over again.
In 86 in Rome during the match Europe-Asia he beats the three Asiatic: Vong Ju Veng (Hong Kong), Pooi He Zhiwen (China), and at the end Chang Kong Wah (Hong Kong). In each match he nods his head, when he mistakes. Instead, he dangles uneasy head and arms when he signs a point. Tibor Klampar, genius and excess.

My grandmother gave me a ping-pong ball as a gift. Then she recommended: You must only use it. Gee!! How can I do that?
1982 - You can see it better
The boys dont talk only about rackets and rubbers, they also talk about the new bigger ball the World Federation wants to use. The best players are against it. Some think it will help to slow up the play and beat the Chinese.

We manage to get a couple of balls and we start playing. Surely you can see it better when you play.

BETTINE VRIESEKOOP
power and femininity
Budapest: Bettine European Champion
Bettine Vriesekoop, 21 yrs old, Dutch, beats Mannersley (England) in the fifth set for 21-16 and she is awarded the title of European champion. An athletic body which never upsets in a woman. Regular linings, pageboy hairstyle. The table position is central. Well modelled legs, dynamic position, neat and tidy waiting for the serve. She moves with elegance. In the play she is quick and secure. In her face there is strength and determination. The forehand top is elegant and strong. The backhand is anticipated in the exchange. When she doesnt play, she is not still. She moves, walks along the pitchs borders.

She walks and walks. Sometimes she stops, with deep eyes looking far away. As if she was waiting for someone late. Then she gets back, she moves and walks, with a gracious but worried face. She doesnt have the usual play of who spins, bounces and then attacks immediately or of who quickly exchanges, in a very asphyxiating way. Or of who attacks with spoilt gestures or with irritated face. She has a mans play, well performed by a womans body. This is a strange sport. The clubs are mixed. The man teaches it. Women submit to their style. There still arent women who have studied the sport onto womens bodies. And this can be seen.
In 10 years time, Bettine wins the second European title. Women, in the game, have refined a little. In 1992, in Stoccard, she again climbs the highest European step.

16 yrs later in Holland
I met Bettine personally in Holland, in 1998, Sabrina Moretti, after the bodys success, had been invited for an exhibition. The reason of the invitation was that this girl, during a match had on a body. The umpire invited her to change. At first a national then international question arouse. After a strong pressure made by the press during international tournaments finally the body was allowed. TV and press of all the world spoke about it for years.
The manifestation presented the Dutch teams at the beginning of the tournament. The exhibition was an invention of Bettine. It was an extremely full theatre, a table on stage. The lights go down. Everything is in dim- light. The lights are psychedelic. In the background a music from Madonna, rhythmic. From the top start to fall, descend and then bounce white balloons. Bettine and Sabrina enter on stage dancing. They wear bodies designed by Bettine. They have fluorescent bands. Also the shoes and the wristlets are fluorescent. At the table, the two grab a balloon and start to play ping- pong with it. The gestures are slow. You can perfectly distinguish the feminine figure. The slowed down movement is pleasant. It makes you understand how complex every movement is.
You observe who hits and who gets ready to reply. The lights and the music accompany every movement. The balloon dances from the racket to the table. In slow motion. You can move your view without losing any action. Its a dance made up with the table-tennis movements, (which you have always seen too fast). This way they are wonderful. Now its them at the centre of attention. It becomes a game to appreciate. It relaxes both body and mind. These are gestures for whom wants to learn. Its a surreal atmosphere, dreamlike. Then the end. The lights. With the lights everything vanishes. The public had kept the applause, surprised, not to disturb. Then it lets it free. On stage, a table, a umpire. A experimental ball. 40 mm instead of 38. Second exhibition. quick play, the ball gets back to main character. The athletes gestures, also for the contrast, vanish, you feel a bit sick.
Dinner, all invited. An Italian dinner. With Bettine we talked about the educational meaning of the exhibition. We thought about acting it out again somewhere else. We also talked about it with Peter Paul De Vriend, world players secretary. We thanked him for the organization. I found Bettine intelligent and careful. I also saw that her eyes dont look too far. Maybe she found what she was looking for.

If one of your opponents continuously repeats the same shot you arent able to answer, dont get angry. He is doing all his best to repeat it always the same.
1982 - The mysteries of the Great Wall
The Swedish are first and second at the European Championships. It has been a long time we were waiting for results from the Swedish school. Fast, beautiful and neat kind of play. One of the two is very young. He is only 15! The winner is left-handed.

The boys, and with them all Europe, hope to see him soon against a Chinese. China has never won a world title with a left-handed player. Perhaps it depends on the grip? They dont know the reasons. It seems one of the many mysteries of the Great Wall.

MIKAEL APPELGREEN
The unshakable
Budapest: Appelgreen European Champion against the 14 year old Waldner
Mikael Appelgreen, Swedish, left handed. Atypical for the modern Swedish school. He plays using a lot his arm. His body moves with brief and strong actions. He moves with determined steps. His appearance isnt striking. His face and expression is of a good boy. And this can deceive. Inside he is strong and, determined. For Sweden he represents firmness and reliability. When he is under with the points you know he can close the gap up. When he is ahead you know you can relax, because he wont give any gifts to the opponent.
His play
He plays at medium distance and often he moves away. He always waits to have the ball near his body. Then he plays. He doesnt anticipate. He doesnt speed up the play. At the opponents velocity he adds his strength and rotation. Using the backhand he takes advantage of the speed of the coming ball. He places it using a little rotation. Or he returns it back like a dry leaf so not to give the opponent power. He is like Alsr, European Swedish champion in 62. He has a powerful forehand. He his good even with high defence.
I remember Alsr when we used to meet him with the Swedish National team in the hall outside the game tables during the International matches. I was there with the girls of the national Italian team, as I was coach.
Alsr, always nice and happy, used to send us a lovely smile that we happily sent back. The girls loved his way of walking a little rocking and his easy-going expression. One of his phrases struck me: When a player playing a match isnt able to follow the trainers advice, its better to leave him play how he wants. I always took this advice to heart.
Rome 1979
During the Youth European Championships in Rome, in 79, Waldner became cadet European champion while in the junior team matches Sweden won the gold medal with Appelgreen, Persson and Lind.
These three players along with Waldner, will represents later the great world reconquer of Sweden.

1982, Budapest: European Championships
Appelgreen, 21 years old, has Waldner in front of him, Swedish too , of only 15 years old and considered the new world phenomenon.
European absolute title. Waldner enters the field a little absent-minded. Perhaps he feels that the final has come too early for his age. Appelgreen is already concentrated. Determined. They have been training together for years. Appelgreen knows that during the match Waldner can invent something knew. He has already seen it during the trainings. Waldner starts straight away with a delicate and light play. Appelgreen doesnt fall for it and aims for a steady play. Waldner gives a fresh and spectacular play. The spectators are for him. Two set to zero for Waldner.
Appelgreen doesnt give up. He knows that Wladner could lose the mood of the moment. He starts again as if nothing has happened, he keeps on playing and puts the ball on the opponents table.
Two equal. At the deciding match, with a changing game, Appelgreen wins for 21 at 19. The spectators clap their hand both to the winner and the loser. For eight years Sweden will keep this title. Appelgreen shakes hands with him, he smiles and says: You tried it on didnt you? Waldner smiles and pretends not to notice. After they hug each other.

If you are willing to talk after a defeat, dont worry. In any case all you will say wont be remembered. They will all remember your defeat.
1983 - The group is interested in the novelty
From Tokyo arrives the news that a Chinese has become world Champion. He has a less aggressive play than his mates of the same country. Some think the Chinese are preparing themselves for the new ball, which will be 40 mm. instead of 38 mm diameter.

The group is interested in the novelty. The less clever hope to have some advantages. The most clever are puzzled. Talking becomes hot all around the world. Some players move and play in other towns. The life of the youngsters goes on.

GUO YUEHUA
The infidel
Tokyo: World Championships
Guo, dark hair, strong jaws, a haggard face,. Four World Championships, four consecutive finals. Two silver and two gold medals. He isnt a Chinese when he plays. He grew up at the rhythm of the third ball. Perhaps he rebelled or perhaps it got out of his blood. It was Guo that lost the first point against Gergely, at Pyongyang during the team match, where Hungary stopped the uncontrollable Chinese yellow wave. Perhaps he took the advice to heart. Guo accepts and has a confrontation with the opponents way of thinking. Considering his traditions he is unfaithful. His body is compressed but doesnt explode he is like a ball that goes quickly in all directions, with apparently no effort. He has a penhold grip and uses a smooth rubber. When using the forehand he plays in progression, where its better not to accept the exchange. He hits the ball with the movement of a discus thrower. With the backhand he plays both near and far from the table. When he is far from the table, with a twist of his body, he hits and returns, like a spring that suddenly releases its self. When you dont expect it he moves and returns with the forehand, powerfully, like a tennis player does from the end of the court. The movement is made with an outstretched arm and a forward twist with an extension.

World title
At the third roster he meets Bengtsson, already world champion in 1971. 2 set at 0 for Guo. At the third set he is in front for 20 to 17 Guo is serving, Bengtsson raises his hand, e isnt ready to receive (who serves must wait that the opponent is ready). Bengtsson concentrates, he gets prepared like if he is at the beginning of the match. Guo serves, Bengtsson returns backhand, Guo closes the match with a terrible forehand. Bengtsson is tough, he always gives a firm resistance. There is nothing to do against Guo. He has an airose play, and is firm just like him.
The final sixteen. He is against the American Boggan, it isnt time for ping-pong diplomacy: 3 to 0. Quarterfinals: now he has a Chinese player, Fancharnao, penhold grip and that follows the theory of the third ball. He beats him for 3 to 1. Semifinals: He has got to play against the new dynasty of the Chinese table tennis, Jiang Jialiang.
Driving out the temple
When he began playing, the third ball thinking was strongly present in all China. It took five sets to tame it. Once again another Chinese. We are at the final; Cai Zhenhua, team world champion is the strongest player in China for these kind of matches. Guo instead isnt used with pleasure by the team. Cai, left-handed, has an European grip, he uses a smooth and an anti-spin rubber. He follows the steps of the players of the third ball theory. Its the alternative of the non-game and the non-dialog. He is a believer. Guo starts self-confident, he has many weapons against this kind of play. He fires him and, like he did with the other Chinese he drives him out the temple and puts him onto his knees. Guo has shown a free play and thinking. For the world, perhaps, he is another Chinese that wins. For the Chinese, perhaps he is the infidel on the throne.

If in your club theres an unpleasant player, be sure he never leaves, you may take his place
1985 - The sons of wellness
Now the small group has a new gymnasium with 9 tables. A boy comes and says: Waldner has lost the final, against a Chinese. The group stops training. They are all upset. They hoped in their idol. They ask for more news, but the boy doesnt know more. To know more they must wait for their club mate that took part in the competition. But the group isnt the same anymore. The sponsor has left. Many players leave or go to other clubs. The club now has 9 free tables. The school goes on with new youngsters. The trainer goes on with his work. The new ones are the sons of wellness. More thinking must be done and it is necessary to keep up with the new time. One of the new players asks: how can I win, doing the least?

After a challenge between the two best players of the group they talk about the world title that took place in New Delhi. For this occasion, three of our group were with the national team. Back at home they say: during the matches, in the sport palace, some windows broke. So during the game you could see pigeons, flying and run after the ball in the air. On the umpire, with his face up watching the ball going high over the table, fell an excrement right in his eye. So they had to change the umpire. All the boys laughed and repeat the name of an unpleasant umpire they know...

JIANG JIALIANG
The American
1985, Gteborg: World Championships
Jiang Jialiang, born in Guang Rong, He is 21 years old. He represents the young dynasty of the new Chinese table tennis that will excel all over the world in 1985. Two world titles. One against his team mate Chen Longcan, the other against Waldner, Swedish, the new European star. Jiang Jialiang, dark, neat hair, drawn face, agile body, young and strong willed person. His nick name is the American. He wears Ray Ban and never leaves his walkman. He has a penhold grip. His forehand service is fast. As soon the ball leaves the racket he moves fast and with grace the legs to the basic position. In this he is faster than Waldner. He scores, he is fast, and determined.
1987, New Delhi: Single World Champion
Jiang is the champion in charge. Waldner instead the reality and European expectancy. At the world final an European and a Chinese meet. This hasnt happened since 1959. The first time China won
Waldner is a little tense. Jiang seems self-confident, fierce expression. The match is 2-1 for Jiang and 20-19 for Waldner. A point for the deciding match and to get ones breath. Jiang, after a backhand exchange, crosses forehand, Waldner is out of time. He has already lost many points this way. 20 equal Jiang picks the ball up and, walking, goes round the table passing in front of Waldner. With his fist up he wields and encourages himself. It is a field and psychological intrusion. Rules dont forbid it. The spectators follow a bit tensed clapping. Waldner is ready to receive. Jiang gets near the table, pretends to start the play. Then he gets the towel and walks a little around. Waldner puts up with it and masks everything. But obviously is annoyed. At last Jiang serves, Waldner mistakes to exchanges. 21 Jiang, 20 Waldner, that throws the racket in the air and catches it back. The play goes on with scores and applauses up to 23-22 for Jiang. Waldner mistakes the backhand and Jiang raises his arms and stops. Waldner shakes hands with him. Jiang send a kiss to his bench. It is a very hard sign. It seems as if he has thrown something heavy. Then he stops. Waldner is depressed. You understand he really wanted to win. He greets everybody and goes to his bench. He is standing. The coach is near him, in his hand you see a white glass. He drinks. Jiang is still in the game field. He seems petrified. His head bent. He is still. He cries and keeps back. A umpire puts a hand on his shoulder and takes him to his corner, he walks with difficulty. He is there, he doesnt look at anyone. He doesnt greet. He doesnt celebrate. He sits and bends forward. He is alone and keeps on crying. The scene is symbolic.

1989, Dortmund: Team World Championships Sweden  China
Two years go by. In 1989 the games are in Dortmund (Germany). Team final, Sweden  China. Jiang loses immediately for 2 - 1 against Appelgreen. The way is free. Waldner is 3  0 vs. Teng Yi. Persson 3 - 1 vs. Che Longcan. Now its 3 - 0 for Sweden. Success is in Jiangs hands. He has in front of him Waldner. First set for Waldner. Second set for Jiang. The deciding match. On the score of 8  5 for Waldner, Jiang serves backhand. He lifts the ball and, while he hits it, a voice interrupts. Alt, funtzu neun, 5  9. The hand that lifted the ball, started from under the table. The rules dont allow it. Lost point for the player. Jiang is surprised. He goes to the umpire and protests. Waldner arrives, listens and, questioned by Jiang, opens his arms and goes away. The other umpires come. One repeats Jiang movement. The Swedish coach comes up. He is in the middle of a riddle; perhaps he is not sure he has done the right thing, he turns and goes back. Xu Shaufa, the Chinese trainer, stays where he is. Jiang wants to change the umpire. The rules allow this. Long minutes pass. Jiang repeats the movement you use in basketball to change, many times. Then, with the hand, he points to the umpire to go. Everything theatrically, moving like a star in the game area. The Chinese spectators shout and support. The others shout and boo. Theres panic, and embarrassment. Jiang gets back to the bench, he sits by the trainer. Not a word. Teng Yi and Chen Longcan arent there. We wont see them. Jiang is alone. He feels the weight of the action. He covers his face with the towel. The two hands put a little pressure and he keeps still. You think he is crying. He will, maybe, when he is alone in his room.
JJiang is still sitting. He feels his leg like jelly. He cant give up. A Chinese never gives up. He looks at the table, its there in front of him. His racket is near the net. He waits. It isnt a sign of surrender. Not far from his racket there is Waldners one. That threatens. Also Waldner is sitting still. The same enigmatic expression he always has. People and words go back and forward to the umpire. Theres worry. Great China contests. The umpire in charge doesnt move. Firm, only his mouth moves. He has the expression of a passport photo, still motionless after the alt.
Then 13 long minutes pass, like a sharp pain. The decision. The umpire is changed. The play can start again. All the noises stop. The two players are at the table. Absolute silence is all around. Waldner has always the same expression. Jiang is nervous. You can see it clearly. Gets the ball and serves immediately. He will make a series of mistakes caused by haste. He will smash a high ball on the parterre. Waldner feels it is his moment. He anticipates. He changes into a Chinese. Jiang is contracted. He has lost velocity, set and match: 21  16.

Jiang Jialiang is thoughtfull
Maybe Jiang, in his mind thinks of going back to his country. After the first World Championships won at only 21 years old, they dont call him the little Jiang anymore. It had been a great come back. A great success, great speeches, great parties. He read and read over again, with all the family, the articles on the newspapers. In the Public house he had seen over and over again, the tapes of his exploits. Everybody hugged him.
When Jiang was born, the consecutively three times world champion the great Zhuang Zedong was at the end of his carrier. He wants to do the same. He knows all the story. He remembers when he was a child the radio announce the continuous victories of the great Chinese ping-pong player. He felt proud.
Appelgreen closes the match
Appelgreen against Che Longcan ends with a sharp 21 to 17 and 21 to 16. He gets the fifth and last point for the victory. China nil. The Chinese delegation will miss the press conference.
The single
For Jiang theres still the single. The fairy-tail of tiny Jiang can still have an happy ending. He has been playing with a bandage around his left leg for days. The bandage around his right wrist has become a wristlet. First turn 3 to 0 vs. Tepper (USA). Second turn, 3 to 1 vs. Criston (HUNG). Third turn, 3 to 0 vs. LO (HKG). Last sixteen. 3 to 1 vs. Chu (PRK). There are 8 left. Four Orientals and four Europeans. Quarterfinal, Jiang 0  Yu 3 (China). It is as if in the middle of the night someone, in the ear, whispered: little Jiang. L-i-t-t-l-e J-i-a-n-g. Suddenly a bounce, and the abrupt awakening. Wide open eyes. The dream is interrupted. For him it will be the dammed World Championships.
I feel sorry for little Jiang. I like to remember him with the Ray Ban and the Walkman. That watched amused and curious the girls, tall, smiling, with golden hair. The last time I saw him he was training the Malaysian national team. He still kept watching the world through his Ray Ban. And the girls, with a red flower, in hair dark as ink that shined in the sun. Good luck little Jiang. Good luck.

If at lunch you eat more than everybody else, you just need to shift your interest to the game, you could become an Olympic Champion.
1988 - Suddenly a phone call arrives
In the World Cup, a Polish, who is considered old, wins against the Chinese. Europe hopes once again in its kind of play. Some boys tell that this player when he was young, used to play with the left hand. Later he changed arm.

A left-handed of the group tries, but the result is terrible. Most probably the Polish is ambidextrous. Also the right-handed ones try with their left hand. Then they challenge one another. Suddenly a phone call arrives. One of their club mates, will attend to the Olympic games in Seul. All the town celebrates.
1988 - The Olympic Games
Table tennis enters for the first time in the Olympic Games. Its a milestone for the history of this sport. The group that has now moved to the big new gymnasium, follows the last trainings of their mate who is ready to go to Seul. In the Olympic village you breathe the sports atmosphere, there are no barriers among the different sports. The podium and medals are the same for everyone. You live a real and proper sports democracy. The presence of the Chinese is of great interest for table tennis, but the Korean Yoo Nam-Kyu steps on the podium after beating his mate of the same country at the final. The news is sensational. Great China is beaten. For Korea its the most beautiful medal. Big celebrations for him when he gets back home. The Federation gives him a life annuity, so he wont need to work anymore. The boys that attend the Table tennis Centre are astonished. Korea is a nation that doesnt compete in European international matches. Its an unknown school for the European spectators. That was the reason of the surprise.

ANDRZEJ GRUBBA
To be, not appear
Wuhan (China): Grubba wins the World Cup
1988: Grubba, Polish, 30 years old, wins the World cup.
He began to play with his father at 11 years old. He speaks Polish, English, German and Russian.
Just imagine a player that plays a little central the table, that is right-handed and that when playing forehand he moves his right foot forward. And keeps it there. Just imagine that no-one is able to play a top spin in this position, he can. Just imagine him perform powerful backhand shots as if he played them forehand. Imagine the opponent fight him with forehand top spin shots and that the ball reaches him fast, far and very angled. It seems for ever lost.
Nothing of all this. The racket passes in a flash from the right to the left hand and with a bounce he reaches the ball and hits a winning shot.
If you go to see Andrzej Grubba play, all this becomes true. When he performs the forehand top spin or exchanges with the forehand the right foot moves forward while the left foot is left behind. This position suffocates both who watches him and his forehand actions. But he anticipates, and you can breathe once again, relieved.
His exchange is short or, by surprise, long. Then he alternates it with wide shots, with the racket that stops near the bounce and then suddenly goes. Before starting the service he jumps on his feet, quick and small, straight and with the body firm; It seems he has springs under his feet.
When he is waiting for the service on the left side of the table, he often moves immediately to the centre and starts his backhand up. It is his main feature.
Grubba is a soloist, in the World cup of 88 he defeated a Chinese in the semifinals and another Chinese in the final, Chen Longcan: Champion.
Grubba leaves a big memory for his seriousness and composure. And teaches us that men perform the technique of play and doesnt undergo it. And we have always seen in his face that what he did was his way of being and at the end of each match, won or lost, watching him made us feel good.
From left to right
Andrzej, when young, about 12 years old, begun to play with the left hand. One day he puts the racket in his right hand and plays. He feels its more fun. He doesnt play well like with the left hand, but some shots go better. Its a flash. He decides, From today Ill be right-handed. Progress comes fast. But the legs have still the movements of a left-handed. In this position he plays quite good. Then he also learns the movements for the right. On his legs he is like a boxer that changes the guard, when needed. Brubba is a clever player, he trains a lot, 6 hours a day and receives a lot of satisfactions. He is permanently in the Polish national team. 25 years are close, he feels a little aged.

Reconquest
He decides to train less. The technique is well gained. He plays football, he goes skiing, does footing and plays tennis. He plays table tennis only two hours a day. He thinks: This is the best way to keep the same position and last longer. The truth is that Grubba is tired of the 6 hours daily training. Too boring. Always the same. Surprisingly the matches go better. He is more concentrated. He has more fun. More, he has fun just like when he was a child. Then he starts beating the opponents he never had won. He fights at the same level against the strongest of the world. He will have the best results from 26 to 32 years old.

If you win a match, and the opponent tells you he didnt do his best, answer him back: thank you youve been very kind!
1989 - A boy says that...
Finally the European dream becomes true. Waldner, The most loved player becomes world champion. The youngsters want to play like him. But they dont know where to start from. It seems he does everything and the contrary of everything. The youngest, buy the rackets with his name.

A boy says that, during a flight stop, because of a long wait, Waldner started to play with the pinball machine. After a little he has all around him a lot of curious people. With just one coin, he keeps on winning. He makes all the lights go on, a lot of noise. A team mate reaches him, he pulls his arm and says: stop, you are losing the plane. He says to the little child that was near and had supported him: go on, Ill be back in a day.

JAN OVE WALDNER
Technique and softness
Dortmund: Waldner wins the first World Title
In 92 he is gold medal at the Olympics. Waldner is still world champion in Manchester in 97.
Waldner, when playing, seems watching out of the windscreen of a train. A train travelling towards mystery. Even when he is moving, he moves as if on a railway, horizontally. You cant detect any expression. It is as if he is concentrated on a target or as if he absent-minded is looking at the sight from behind a window. He is no doubt the most loved player. Tall, well built, blonde that tends to red.

His play
His play is light. His gesture is careful and confident. He slows up to suddenly attack. His backhand isnt very aggressive. You often see the racket on the left, over the table, that is moving as if giving indications to the traffic. Its just as if he is saying: here the traffic light is red. But if you keep on, he shows you that with the backhand he can do everything. But if you play on his forehand you dont know what to expect. From the charged top to the uncharged and pushed forward one, in all directions. He has the best service of all Europe. When he serves forehand, and the ball leaves the racket, the body rotates. He does only two steps. The right foot towards the centre of the table, the left backwards; this way he is immediately in basic position. When he plays, he moves horizontally, as if on skates or on a moving staircase that takes him where the game is. You dont notice any fatigue on his face, it is as if some-one else is working for him. This distance gives him a certain look, that takes him high from the hard proletarian work, from biblical work. He seems a king, some call him the teacher. Some thinking at his play think about the music of Wagner. But all these emotions, are felt when you look at his body, his legs, his feet. Then you pass from the charm of the night, where the moon shows little, to the day where light brightens everything up. He is like music that goes directly into your head and then spreads all inside your body. Its a marvellous emotion that amazes you. It doesnt intoxicate you. Waldner gives you a clear emotion and doesnt get you drunk. An emotion that is directed first to him and then to his play. Because he is the one that using his mind performs it.
The technique
He has technically taught us the passive play. A kind of defence made with a block (wall), when he is attacked. He immediately goes near the point where the ball will bounce, then he stops and leaves the ball bounce. The ball touches the table, then the racket, that is still. At the last moment he can change the direction. During the 30es and up to 54 you used to answer with a chop. After the 54 you used to block pushing to put the opponent in difficulty. In passive play, the ball speed is slowed and the parable gets shorter. So he takes the initiative to the attacker. Initiative so dear to Chinese school. Waldner is a mixture: anticipates like the Chinese, has the technique of the Japanese and the culture of the European game. The whole revised and corrected by the Swedish.
Waldner in Senigallia
I personally met him. He came in Senigallia in 98 for the competition of the E.T.T.U. cup, the equivalent of the UEFA cup in football. He moves only for high up level competitions. But he wanted to come to Senigallia, both for the friendship with Massimo Costantini both because, he wanted to see the environment. Costantini has been for twenty years the best set up player in Italy and that you never could underestimate. An anomaly for Italy. He met and chatted with Sabrina Moretti about the use of the body, which he approved. We showed him the table without white lines and after having tried it for exactly three exchanges, he asked me: When will we be able to play with it?
He stepped in Senigallia with a smiling face, he always joked, laughed like a restless child. When he trained, with the ball he did all that you cant do in a match. Its as if the sky cleared up and the sun immediately heats everything up. Then the match. The sky is overcast. At the end of the competition the sun is out shining again.
Back in Sweden
The last day, when he left the Olympic Centre in Senigallia he forgot the racket on the table. We brought it back to the hotel. When he took the plane, he left the racket in the room. We had then sent it to Sweden. Perhaps he wanted to leave it as a gift. But a racket hasnt a heart. We prefer him to come back, even without a racket.

I asked a friend of mine to let me win. He asked me if I could let him meet my girlfriend. I made him meet her. Now my ex girlfriend supports against me.
1991 - The best play is the Swedish
The European way of playing consolidates. Another Swedish, in Chiba, becomes world champion. He beats in the final the Swedish champion in charge. Now they dont think about the bigger ball. For the young ones, the best play is the Swedish.

The boys of the club are happy. Then a sudden black-out. Darkness. The boys go outside. In the darkness, majestic, the sky. The boys look at the stars. One points out to the most bright star and gives it the name of his favourite champion. The others do the same. Then they look at the Ursa Major and they imagine it full of Swedish girl players with blonde hair. And they dream to have love and ping pong.

JURGEN PERSSON
Humility and altruism
Chiba: Persson World Champion
Born in 1966 in Halmstad, Sweden. Blonde and curly hair. Hollow face and deep eyes. Tall and proportioned body. If you put him a moustache, beard and hair to his shoulders, if you dress him up with animal fur, if you put on his head a helmet with two horns, you will be able to see the Viking that, shouting, around one thousand D.C. used to terrify half of Europe. But his face betrays him. His aggressiveness is controlled. He has a reassuring and gentle face. All the players of the other nations talk about him and tell us good things about him. However the Chinese fear him. In team matches, for Sweden, he is essential. For the Chinese, that gave him the nick name of blonde grenade, a nightmare. He changes when he plays in the team matches. He plays mainly for the others not thinking about himself. His altruism multiplies his strength. He plays at medium distance. He is good with the short balls. He often moves left like the Chinese. With just one step he covers the game area.
In 89 in Dortmund, in the World Championships where Europe won, Persson will lose the final against Waldner for 21  10, in the decisive match. It isnt a surprising result. Persson hardly never wins against Waldner.
World Championships
Two years go by, against every forecast, Waldner and Persson are once again against each other. We are at Chiba (Japan), 41st World Championships. On the scoring chart, one goes up and one goes down. Now they are facing each other. They have knocked down all the obstacles. Assuring Sweden once again supremacy. For Waldner the continuity of his kingdom. For Persson a forbidden dream.
To reach the final Persson fought against the indomitable Korean Kim. After having won the first set, in the second he was guiding for 15 to 5. From the audience a little group of Koreans started to support noisily. It seemed useless and out of place. Instead Kim rises to 15 to 10. Then once again a difficult score for the Korean, 20 to 15. Persson keeps on mistaking. Perhaps he moves too left, he wants to end. 20 equal. Supporting gets very hot, there are waving flags and jackets. Persson uses more often the backhand. He doesnt move left anymore. At last 24 to 22.
For us all the Oriental players play with dramatically constant concentration. But the Koreans beat everybody. Persson with great difficulty ends the match 3 to 0.
Waldner against Ma Weng, Chinese. Easy match, 3 to 1, now the last obstacle. Waldner and Persson hug each other. All very fugacious. They smile. Then the TV and the press of half the world are on them. They sink in it. Persson built his play moving to the left and cutting long with the forehand on the opponents backhand so to attack.

Final for the World Title
Persson maybe thinks about Dortmund, where he lost in the final for 3 to 2. He is thoughtful. He seems watching a film tape that is quickly rewinding, and, now and again, leaves you a picture. Waldner is the holder and can only lose. But they are friends, but during the competition Waldner thinks less about it or perhaps he thinks too much about it. Maybe he has a debit to pay. The spectators have already chosen, Waldner. Persson knows this. It makes him feel more free.
First set, Persson 21 to 19. Second set, 21 to 18. Persson is calm, he is a step from triumph. Waldner cant leave nothing. Third set, on 19 equal, Waldner makes a face, he pulls his mouth. Maybe its the surrender. 20 to 19 for Persson. Long crossed antispin. Waldner sends out. Persson lifts his arms to the sky and falls on his knees. A loud applause starts and goes on while he is shaking hands with Waldner. They hug each other. Persson covers his face with one of his hands, closes his eyes, he cant believe it. The servant, the humble. The generous, the altruistic, is the new king. The golden hearted Viking, with a small racket in his hand has conquered the world.

At home they hide my racket because I dont study. Why dont they hide my books? Maybe I feel like studying again.
1992 - With ping-pong you can get rich
In Stuttgart a German became European champion. Germany has one billion registered people. Ping-pong is well known. All the best world players play and hope to play like the German champion. You obtain unthinkable signing for the rest of the world.

Some boy comments: lets go to Germany. With ping-pong you can get rich! And famous. A boy that hopes to become an umpire says: I wonder how much an umpire earns? And the always wise one says: be careful, in Germany eagles fly not pigeons! All the mates laugh together.

JRG ROSSKOPF
Will power
Germanys first European Title
STUTTGART: Rosskopf, German, 31 years old, he plays left handed. He beats the Belgium Saive 3 to 1 and brings the European title for the first time to his country. Germany is the Mecca of table-tennis. In the team premier Championships, are the best world players. This doesnt favour the growth of the young ones. Teams prefer having players that give a result.

Tiny Jrg
At 5 years Jrg begins playing ping-pong. His parents train in a club. Tiny Jorg plays with a small racket and ball. He keeps the ball still in the middle of the racket. He bounces and count the times he can do it. Then he plays against the wall. He throws the ball in all directions. At the end he always manages to find some-one that plays with him. So he competitively gets clever.
Then he enters the Borussia Dusseldorf club and becomes Fetrhers friend, with whom he will further on win the silver in the doubles in 89. Rosskopf had physical problems with his arms that made him go through long convalescent periods. This didnt make him take decisions for long term plans but to plan year after year his sport activity.
The final
Rosskopf, tall, slim, long and dry face, blonde that is almost red. Places himself with open legs and covers the game area. When he plays he is aggressive. He attacks with forehand, the backhand is powerful from the medium distance. His movements arent fluent, maybe caused by his physic. But the play is very profitable.
Saive, his opponent, points on power, he isnt fast. Rosskopf has long levers. He serves short and exchanges with anticipated short or long shots, so that Saive cant use his powerful shots. Saive wins only the second set. We are at 2 to 1 for Rosskopf which will keep the initiative. Short and cut services. He will impose a play based on sensibility and accuracy. Saive is like in a prison. He cant move away from his corner. He isnt fast enough to get out of this situation. He hasnt a powerful top that can make him cross. Maybe he cant play against left handed players. Maybe it isnt the right day. His body doesnt explode, it keeps dormant. Its a match against velocity and unexpressed power. Saives legs seem stiff. He cant hit easily and cant use his powerful shots. Rosskopf suddenly changes direction after having confused him. There is nothing that can be done. 21 to 16 for Rosskopf that falls to his keens, he does a backwards somersault and runs to his trainer. In the German clan there is great celebrations. It was time for Germany to win a title. It is a nation with 800.000 registered players. It deserved an important result.

When I go back home, my wife understands immediately when I lose. She is happier than my opponent.
1993 - A good moment
From Europe, a new world champion has come. He is French. During this period, the Chinese seem to have problems. Europe is passing a good moment. The most prepared in the group says: its a long time Chinese have left behind the use of the penhold grip. They have now started to use the European grip in their schools. The young Chinese are attracted by it. Perhaps because its new and from the West.

A boy says: now if the Chinese learn to play like us, we will have to learn to play like them. Otherwise they will start to beat us once again!

JEAN PHILIPPE GATIEN
The cat
Gteborg: Gatien World champion
Gatien, French, World champion. Silver medal at the Olympic game in 92. For all the family table tennis must not be touched. The father is an ex-player and his first trainer. Jean begins to play at 9 years with his brother. His is very close to his mother, of Italian origin, not only affectively but also for dumplings and tortellini. He had suffered very much when he was a child for an illness that stopped him for 6 months. Even if busy in sport he keeps on studying. He likes country life. When he can he plays golf. The Italians call him the cat. He has a nice face, well built, Mediterranean, like his body. The expression, during the play and the breaks, is the same. He doesnt lose concentration. He is always concentrated. Legs and arms are fast. His movements essential. The body moves very little.

Final for the title
Gatien, French, the cat  Saive, Belgium, the untameable. In front of one another there are the new European table-tennis generations. Saive is less fast. When he attacks he start very powerful. If he is able to do it he is uncontrollable. Gatien plays more polished. He exchanges well, short, long and diagonally. He is more tactical, he places the play well and always changes the rotations. He blocks fast and slow. He expresses the modern play.
First set for Gatien. Second for Saive. Then Gatien again, then Saive. Two equal. The phases are changing, they are playing the last points. Gatien blocks forehand and slows the play up. Saive is to far, he cant reach the ball. Again Gatien uses the forehand top, the parabola is short and the ball falls at Saives feet. 20 to 16 for the cat. Saive has a strong personality. You can see it clearly. He doesnt psychologically give up to the opponent, and takes the result to 20  19. Gatiens face is always the same. He had served twice and Saive dashed on the ball self-confident. The untameable doesnt show any weakness. Tension is high up. Gatien makes a new service, from the left side of his table and plays the ball down the line shot. Its a risky shot; if the opponent crosses, this is a uncatchable ball. Saive is surprised. He misses it. 21 to 19. The cat turns towards the spectators where there are some Frenchmen waving the flags and cheering him. With the two arms up to the sky and closed fists he is on his knees in front of them. His parents are there too. Then he runs to his trainers, and hugs them. He shakes hands with Saive and puts the hands in his hair.
Secretin and Bergeret had brought the first mixed World title in France in 77. With Gatien the second. France celebrates, Gatien started as number five. It was only a dream. Now it is reality. For the Chinese it has been a negative year. The Croatian Primorac is third, Waldner fourth. Its from 1951 that four Europeans had not arrived in the first four places. And it is the first time since the Oriental have arrived.

Before playing, I do such a lot of warming up that, as soon they see me, they ask: how did the match go?
1994 - In England the title is won by a Belgium
In England the European title is won by a Belgium, a little nation that has a good tradition in this sport. The boys dont understand why we dont ever win an important title. And yet we have much more inhabitants of Belgium.

Even if a boy of the group, which is in the national team, wins in many occasions against the worlds most important players. The usual philosopher of the group says: We have lost the spirit of our way of being, we let other models take over us, without understanding them.

JEAN MICHEL SAIVE
The untameable
Birmingham: Saive, Belgium, European Champion
Neat features, hair like Tarzan. If you look at his legs and they tell you he is the European champion, you think he is for weightlifting. If you look at all his body, you have no doubt, he is surely a wrestling champion. Instead he is a table-tennis champion. When he plays, when he moves he is untameable. Always bent, he dashes on the ball and, when he hits it, he seems as if he is coming out of the water. He is always bathed in sweat. He plays with force, he moves with powerful steps. He doesnt play fence. He uses a scimitar. In the final he beats Waldner for 3 to 1.

The final
We are in England, here table-tennis was born before 1900. The stands are full of people. The spectators are waiting for Waldners performance, the teacher. They dont have any doubts, he is the favourite. First set: Waldner starts relaxed, maybe he expects more respect. Saive, isnt the kind, he starts immediately heavy, 13 to 5 for him. The teacher finds out that charisma isnt sufficient for winning. He plays faster, more accurate. 15 to 15. Then he relaxes. On 20 equal he hits his hand on the table and injures himself. If Saive had hit the table, it would have flown straight on the opponent. Waldner wins all the same for 25 to 23. 1 to 0.
Second set: on the score of 2 to 1 Waldner interrupts the play. The ring finger is bleeding. They treat him and put a plaster. Saive is concentrated, waits. Then he keeps on hitting powerfully.
Waldner accurate with his polished play. You cant play against Saive using the same power. He always starts too hard. One equal. Waldner already world champion in 89, has never been European champion, and wants to win. Saive plays better and better. Waldner scores, when he imposes his accurate and anticipated rhythm. But the Belgium manages to impose his powerful play. And at every attacking shot, a sound comes out of his mouth, like a karate player.
Saive wins for 3 to 1 and brings for the first time in history the European title to Belgium. He will receive honour and credit from all the sports in his country. This is for him the gratification for all the hard work passed on the tables and for the hundreds of kilometres of footing around the paths in Belgium, in the green and sweat.

One day my trainers became suddenly nice. I wasnt able to understand why. I just remember we had won.
1995 - Two hours study and six of training
From China a young Chinese wins the World cup and shakes Europe out. They start once again to talk about the bigger ball. The Chinese are officially happy, perhaps they have already studied how to adapt to it. The new champion plays with the same European grip.

The boys think the Chinese are naturally more clever. One says: they train all day. At six some enter the college. Two hours study, and six of training. The less clever at school asks: Why isnt there a college also in Italy?. Another: my father will never send me there. The philosopher adds: Why dream of a college? Our club too has obtained many results, Dont forget about our friend that has the Italian record of presence in the national team. They are 23 consecutive years!

KONG LINGHUI
The Confucius descendant
Tiahjin (Cina): Kong World Champion
Kong Linghui, 19 years, single, team and double world champion.
Lean figure, nervous body, hollow marble face. He starts playing with his father at 6 years old. He plays with an European grip. By now in China the European model of play is accepted especially by the children, not only as a novelty but also for a more easy use of the backhand in the play. Kong plays with a grip slightly turned in his hand. The face of the racket, instead of being at the centre between the index and the thumb, is more near the index. This technique favours the backhand play on the table and the anticipated attack with the top spin. But the forehand cut and the recover play, always forehand, is a little sacrificed. When late, in the forehand play, the racket keeps a little too open to obtain a good return. Until 16 years he isnt a big promise.
The book of changes?
Kong belongs to an important family, not only because the father is a well known trainer but also because they are direct descendants of Confucius. Maybe, his explosion was caused by the reading of the book of changes (Shiring) by Confucius. Or maybe its caused by his body growth that enabled him to find the answer of his weak points.
He comes out at 18 years. At 19 he wins the Internationals in Yugoslavia, of the U.S.A. and the Asiatic Championships. He has contacts with the western world and his charmed by the style of life and mainly by Italys fashion. From this moment his wardrobe is full of clothes mainly signed by Versace.
The World Championships arrive
The World Championships arrive, China makes a great effort in organizing them. Its since 61 that World Championships arent played in China, the year when the great Zhuang Zedong triumphed and made the Chinese dream. The great event repeats itself. Now there isnt only the radio to follow the matches up. There is the television that has prepared the event with images of the past and present. All the town of Tiahjin is invaded by banners that have been moving in the wind for 8 months. They announce the event. On each banner there is the number of the days that are missing for the beginning of the matches. This number is changed every day. They begin starting from 240, the day after 239 and so on, up to zero: the World Championships.
Kong isnt the favourite. The Chinese point on elder players and that represent better the tradition. For the occasion they built a sport palace that at first sight seems like a huge flying saucer which has landed in the green. Inside it has 10.000 seats and a parterre of 90 x 40 metres. The matches start fine for the Chinese that win the team medal.
The Chinese stand for Wang Tao, that unexpectedly loses against the Korean Kim Taek Soo. Then the Chinese will be re-admitted while the Korean will be disqualified because he used a non homologated glue. The matter brought out many doubts. Meanwhile Kong beats the champion in charge Gatien and takes the title away from him.

China reached the target
We are at the semifinals, four Chinese are playing for the title. China has reached the target. The new favourite , Wang Tao, loses the semifinal against the undisputed champion Liu Goliang. Kong beats for 3 to 0 Ding Song. Kong, without any break down and against all forecasts, beats Liu Goliang too, the last obstacle, for 3 to 2. China wins 7 titles out of 7.
But Kong wins mainly against Chinese tradition. Western culture is changing China also in table-tennis. Kong steps on the podium and shows the image of a Chinese champion that plays like the European style and dresses Versace. Maybe for the Chinese it was painful. Kong represents the symbol of the young Confucius descendant that brings the change.

If advisers stopped advising, and started to listen, things would go surely better.
1999 - Every boy has a dream
In Holland once again a Chinese is on the roof of the world. This time the grip is Chinese. The bigger ball, its certain, it will be used. The lost of effectiveness of the European play, may have determined the change. But the official reason is that the bigger ball slows up the play and is better for the TV screen. Now they are also thinking to reduce the set game. Bringing the score from 21 to 11. In the past the boys, often used this score for their challenges. But now they dream that with the bigger ball they may have more TV programs.

Everything will come with the new millennium. There is a lot of excitement. They talk about the end of the world. Of the computers which will all break down, and about all the preparations to celebrate the 2000 which will knock at everybodys door. Every boy in the club has a dream. The abolition of all the rubbers, which ruin the game. For the young ones that start, it represents a trauma and many leave. The wise boy of the group, when adult says: lets make them play between each other, in the matches for over 40, and not against the children. Lets see if they enjoy playing against one another.

LIU GOLIANG
Humility and triumph
Eindhoven (Holland): Liu World Champion at the end of the millennium
Liu Goliang, Chinese, beats in the final Ma Lin, Chinese. China closes the millennium with a large amount of medals. Five matches, five gold medals and the same for the silver one. China changed its calendar 50 years ago. Mao wanted it. The millennium has come also for them. With this victory they have reserved their nation China near the year 1999 in the gold book of records. For the Europeans and for the rest of the world it couldnt have been worse.
First semifinal: Liu, penhold grip, with a rubber with pimples a little distant form each other respect the normal one, beats the Austrian Schlager, the surprise, for 3 to 1.
Second semifinal: Ma Lin, with a penhold grip too, and smooth rubbers, beats Waldner for 3 to 2. Waldner leads for 2 set against 0 and 16 to 11.
At this point Ma Lin changes the service. He serves very simple, without any spin, short toward Waldners forehand. Its incredible, the game mechanism breaks. Waldner wont receive a long service any more. Perhaps it was this that made him lose concentration. And answers badly. But Lin attacks, recovers two sets and closes.

China against China
Final: China against China. When two Chinese play you dont easily love to watch the match. They are more clever. You always support the weakest. But between two Chinese you never know who is the weakest. And, if you know, at the end you always have to support a Chinese. We have nothing against China. But we are European. To watch a final like this remembers you that you have been ill twice, once for each semifinal.
On the scoring chart more than one hundred players start. Theres only a handful of Chinese. For us Europeans its the defeat.
Their thinking: Humility first of all. Not to discomfort after a defeat. Not to get excited after a victory. Perhaps this thinking is the key that brings success.
Exhibitionism, arrogance, presumptuousness, westerns culture, enter your heart and suffocate you without you noticing it . They charge you with too much responsibility. They make you play near the edge of a precipice. For a Chinese instead, defeat is a bathe in humility, victory, the result of everyone.
China today
It isnt a surprise that two penhold players reach the final for the world title. With the opening of Chinas markets, the table tennis gymnasiums pop up like for us the bowling halls. There are buildings where, even if you pay before being accepted, there is a severe selection. With private enterprise China obtained further development. Television also promotes this sport that is followed like football in Italy.
The children start ping-pong lessons at 5. The European grip is easier, especially for children. The Chinese federation tried to protect their traditions. In the Team Championships at least one player out of three must use the penhold grip. So that the penhold grip players grow and practise with players that use the European style. The Europeans instead cant do the same. In Europe there isnt a school for penhold grip players. This obviously puts in a difficult position European players and this explains the 1st and 2nd place of the two penhold grip players at the final of the World Championships.

History
The little group of boys of 61 have left. Some new players have brought continuity and the same enthusiasm. In the little gymnasium, up to 1985, more than 1000 boys and girls have spent their youth. Now many are married and have children. Some have left the town.
In 1985 a new building with 9 tables was opened. Some come back to see again the passed times, playing with friends and children. While the new building, The Table Tennis Olympic Centre, receives the new generations. The results obtained in the competitions have given prestige to the technical school.
Walking around the town, you see many faces you know close to ping-pong. They are ex players, supporters and people that love this sport. Its like a cultural aggregation which keeps every one together. Also the results obtained have helped to keep this sport alive in all the town. A book has also been published, La citt del ping-pong (The ping-pong town).
The story that has been told belongs to the memories and emotions passed. But the new youngsters want to discover the origins of this sport. So the new group, with some of the elder ones, have started to enthusiastically search for them...

Legend
The legend tells that at the end of 1859 some English legionaries, who were in India, had organized a tennis tournament.
All of a sudden it started to rain: the monsoon season was at the beginning. They could never end their matches. So, they decided to reduce the pitch to play inside a structure. After taking the first table they found, they painted it green and drew white stripes. This way, the first table tennis' table was born. Then with a small net, they divided the pitch into two and used a small cork ball (because in those times celluloid balls didn't exist). To build the rackets, they cut some trowels from some wooden boards.

The table tennis pioneers
The first World Championships took place in London in 1926 and they saw the victory of the Hungarian Jacobi. In these first years until the 50, until the Japanese arrival, to divide the world prizes were always Hungarian, Cecz, Austrian and English athletes. But it was most of all the Hungarian school, both in males and females level to win.
Here below I will stop one moment to describe the technical and human characteristics of the players who mainly created that which we can call the table-tennis era.

My girlfriend hates ping-pong, she told me I need to choose. How strange, ping-pong is not at all a girl.
ZOLTAN MECHLOVITS (Hungarian)
He wins the World Championships in 1928 in Stockholm, after losing the first edition finals against Jacobi. For the title he finds himself against the compatriot and friend Laci Bellak. Mechlovits starts badly and loses the first set and then the second. In the third he finds himself under 17-20. at his age, 36 years, Mechlovits knows its his last occasion to win the world title. He clenches his teeth. He gains back to 20-20 and wins the set. He will win the fifth.

Mechlovits has two records: the first penhold player to win the world title, and the oldest winner. He is known as the father of table tennis because he was a member and one of the founders of ITTF together with Montagu: it was him to establish the official rules and to organize the first world level meetings. Therefore, never was a title more deserved. His best shot is the forehand stroke. What to fear are also the drop shots with which he frequently surprises the defensive players who play further away from the table. After retiring from the matches he continued to live for table tennis, teaching his sport to new generations of Hungarian players.

When they tell me something, I always do the contrary. Lets hope they dont notice it. If they say the contrary of what they think, I will be in their hands. Gee! Did they realize?
FRED PERRY (English)
Many will know Fred Perry for linking his name to the Wimbledon tennis tournament (where he won three titles), for the Davis cup won for England or for giving his name to a tennis racket. Few know instead that before dedicating himself to tennis, Fred Perry has also been a table tennis champion, enough to win the world title in 1929 in Budapest.

In the final he finds himself against one of the strongest home players: Michael Szabados. The fans are all for the Hungarian. Fred comes from a year in which he didnt win even one competition. The situation is one of those which can get any player nervous. But not Fred Perry. During the match, even in the most important moments, he finds the time to smile and joke, so much he manages to de-concentrate Szabados. His way of acting like this makes the public love him so much they start to side with him. Szabados is always more and more nervous and can feel the title slipping away from him. Fred doesnt think twice and wins the title. His play is mostly defensive, not very spectacular but very solid. The backhand stroke anyhow can be very difficult to return back, thanks also to the phenomenal wrist movement with which he plays every game. Soon he will abandon table tennis competitions to dedicate himself fully to tennis. In the new sport he stupefies the world with his wrist righthand stroke and it is spontaneous to ask ones self if it would have been such a great shot if Fred hadnt played table tennis before.

They take an edge, they say they are sorry. Then another edge: sorry! A third edge, another apologize. Gee! Are you mocking me? Why dont you be more careful?
VICTOR BARNA (Hungarian)
Victor Barna is surely the greatest player of his generation. The world titles he won tell us with what kind of player we are speaking to: 5 times in the individual (30,32,33,34,35), 8 times in the males double, two times in the double mixed, 7 times in team. Barna, Szabados and Bellak form for about a decade an almost unbeatable team. To be called the three musketeers.
The three started to play together since childhood, and they are friends also before becoming team members. During the first periods, also if with different techniques in playing, they are almost on the same level. But later on starts to emerge Barnas greater class. He wins his first title in 1930 beating easily his friend Bellak during the final. In 1931 he loses during the final from Szabados for 3-0. It was a hard lesson, but it was useful. In fact, he wins the title again in 1932 (on Szabados), in 1933 (on Kolar), in 1934 (on Bellak). In 1935 he gets ready to play one more final against his friend Szabados. Assisting to the match are more than 10.000 spectators. Never a table tennis match has had such a public since now. The match is dramatic. During the second set a suspension is needed: Szabados, running against the barriers hurts himself and needs medications. The match starts again. No one wants to lose in front of that public. Barna attacks. Szabados defends to death. Then another suspension: this time Barna asks for it because victim of cramps. Some massages and the match starts again. The match gets to the end: its the triumph, one more but also Barnas last one.
. Barna is a complete player: perfect forehand, good backhand, good both in attack and in defense. He is also able to modify time by time his play in order to exploit his rival.
In 1962 he writes a book on table tennis in which he describes the players of his period, he had for everyone good words; also for this he is a champion.
Barna against Reisman - Wembley 1949: International English final matches

Wembley final, Barna giving his back kills a backhand. During the whole match the position of his right leg is often moved forwards respect to his left one. This forced him to move himself in the right half of the table. The gestures style in the upper part of the body nears Barna to the Swedish technique, in a particular way to the one of Johansson. Reisman is only 19 when he meets Barna in the international 1949 final; only one week earlier Reisman had got to the semifinals in Stockholm, and he had managed to win two titles in the international American tournaments becoming one of the greatest professional players in USA. But when Barna won his first world title, the speaker tells us that Reisman still wasnt born. Therefore, it shouldnt surprise if in this match the winner is Barna. Stopping to observe the game table, we notice that the plain is lying on gracious lined legs. The table tennis is born and develops in clubs and in living rooms of the European aristocracy. The esthetics line shouldnt have disturbed the furnitures style. These tables now can only be found in oriental countries, particularly in China and Japan.

His right leg much further than the left one is compensed by the grip turned towards the forehand, but it seems to us that Barna used two grips, one for the forehand and one for the backhand a bit as used today for tennis.

I have been playing so much ping-pong, that when I play football I always pass the ball to my opponent.
MICHAEL SZABADOS (Hungarian)
Michael Szabados contributes in large part to the success of Hungary in table tennis during the 30 yrs. Other than the success in team with Barna and Bellak, he wins 5 world titles in the males double, 3 in the double mixed and one in the singles.
The singles title is won in 1931 beating in the finals for 3-0 the rival-friend Barna. Other three times he gets to the finals, but always gets beaten (one by Perry and two by Barna). The main weapon in Szabados play is the perseverance in the defence. Szabados doesnt give up as a loser even when the ball seems out of reach: he runs after them, he catches them and sends them back to the rivals side. He does it to win the games, but also to show the world that table-tennis is not a living room hobby, but a real sport, which can be spectacular and requires athletic aspects. Sometimes, to get the play more amazing from the spectators point of view, he adventures in attack shots, also knowing that that kind of play is not the best for his gain. Szabados doesnt have the completeness in shots as Barna does, but the question on how many world titles he would have won if Barna was born in another era is always to be asked.
Barna against Szabados - London 1935: World finals

The tip of the racket moved facing downwards. We couldnt debate which kind of grip he was playing with. Its probable that in this kind of action he was holding the grip towards the index.

They all say to me the most important is to have fun. How can I? When I see my opponents face full of joy?
LASZLO "Laci" BELLAK (Hungarian)
Laci Bellak is one of the most incredible characters in the history of table tennis. He was defined the table tennis joker for his attitude inside and outside the pitch. He plays for pure self entertainment and to distract the public. Not rarely he looks for the spectacular play, often impossible although when the point is sure with a simpler shot. During the breaks between the game he entertains the public bouncing the ball with the racket edge or tossing the ball on his shoe. Hes a real clown. His play, and it couldnt be any other way, is purely in attack and always turns out to be very spectacular. The continuous research for the sensational shot often took him to lose games which he had practically won. Emblematic was his World finals in 1928 with Mechlovits. Bellak, in advance for 2-0 and 20-17 in the third, spoils one of the three match points he had for trying to close the match with a practically impossible shot. Then he lost the fifth set. Its not a wonder the fact that Bellak hasnt won any world title in the singles (he lost two more finals in 30 and 34 with Barna) and in the doubles. The only title he won, other than the triumphs in the teams games, was in the mixed doubles with the English Woodhead in 38. And in which way did he win it? Obviously fantastic: which means that nobody would have given him the not even minimum possibility to do it. For years the Hungarian Bellak turned out to have an incredible superiority in the right and back stroke. This took him to be finalist at three World Championships.
Bellak against Madjaroglou - Munich 1931

Bellak in action, executes a top spin of rare beauty. During the execution he lifts his right leg. This instinctive gesture enables him to give to the racket a more straight movement. In this period the clothing seems much similar to the billiard players outfit. It wasnt acceptable that in the aristocracys living rooms (where the matches took place in those days) people played dressed up with shorts.

If you are all full of pains before playing, try to win. Its the best cure.
RICHARD BERGMANN (Aus. - Eng.)
Richard Bergmann won the first of his four titles in 1937 under the Austrian flag at the age of 17. The other three titles (39, 48, 50) were conquered as English, having abandoned his origin country because of the tragic events which passed through Europe that lead to the Second World War. Exactly for this purpose war stopped what would have been a great career in table-tennis: it is spontaneous to ask ones self how many titles Bergmann would have won if there hadnt been a forced pause in the competitions which lasted exactly 7 years. From the technical point of view, Bergmann cant be defined a complete player: he is weak in the back stroke and doesnt have great defensive shots. But his strength consists in overtaking these weaknesses thanks to a great leg play which consists in finding the correct position to hit the ball as many times as possible only with the right stroke.
Another strong point is in the persistence with which he fights on every point. Bergmann hits every ball with the greatest concentration, either he is winning or losing, playing for the world title or a training match. Besides with Bergmann table tennis takes a step forwards in the process which takes it from club or sport centres to the Olympics: he is indeed the first to give great importance to physical preparation. His play, based on quality leg movement, requires a particular kind of training to warrant his muscles not only for more dynamism but also resistance. At the end of his career, Bergmann continues to exhibit around the world playing matches and frequently taking part in the Harlem Globetrotters.
London 1952: Englands final

From the elbow position, towards the inside, we suppose the racket is turned on the hand towards the right stroke. Closing the forearm to hit the ball, the racket opens and hits the ball almost in a vertical position. With the hard pimpled rubber that covered the racket it wouldnt be possible to execute the top spin with the same inclination as we see in the picture.

Il looks like a modern top spin back stroke the one which Bergmann is doing (the latter facing Leach). It looks very similar to the one of Stipancic. The shoulder and the elbow that are moved forwards make us think the racket also in this case is turned towards the right stroke.
Bergmanns prize-giving

Its interesting to notice that during the prize-giving Bergmann and Vana stood on the podium with the rackets. Bergmann holds his in a way that everyone can see it, whilst Vana (maybe for his second place) holds it behind his back. Today players wouldnt climb on the podium with racket in hand. The nostalgic days gone by...

Vana, little in size, when executing the top spin, to heighten the push, stood up on his toes (here we can see him giving with back facing in a match with Bergmann). The position of the index on the racket lets us think that it is gripped towards the thumb. The left foot lifts more than the right, and it remembers Bellaks technique.

If you happen to meet a big head, that says he wins everybody and he challenges you, if you accept, he will tell you it has been a long time since he played last. After the first exchanges stop, and serious tell him: To me it seems you are playing for the first time.
BOHUMIL VANA (Czech Republic)
Bohumil Vana was one of the major exponents of the Czechs school and he won two world titles in 1938 and in 1947.
Vana is remembered by everyone for his devastating right stroke, thanks to which he frequently closed the point. Though a very thin physic Vana puts an enormous strength in his right stroke, as if every gram of his body unloads in the shot.

As the rival Bergmann which he won at not yet 18 years old in the finals in 1938, Vana has a quite weak back stroke and tries everything to hit the ball mostly with his right stroke. He is so used to face the shots that rivals send him constantly on the left side of the table, that his legs are always ready for moving sideways to help him hit with the right. He is so used to this shot that his right stroke results more lethal exactly when he executes it from the left side of the table.
Thanks to his support, Czech conquers for 5 times the title as best teams in the years from 39 to 51.
He frequently used a hair band similar to a cyclists one. He executes a serve in right stroke with side effect. The racket moves towards the ball, which at the last moment is thrown towards the racket. No rules which limited the serve execution modes existed at those times.

If the father or the mother of a player, always talks about the sons successes, they dont do it to praise him, just to save his privacy.
JOHNNY LEACH (English)
Johnny Leach conquers his first world title in 1949 beating in the finals the favourite Vana. In the table-tennis background Leachs victory was seen as impossible to repeat. Instead, only two years later the English conceded an encore re-conquering the world title despite the strong Czech Andreadis.
When everybody awaited the development of a brilliant career full of triumphs, the prize records achieved by Leach stopped, and from 51 onwards the English ping-pong player doesnt reach even one semifinal in the World singles Championships. In the seasons following the victory in 51 his play is not anymore one of the best. The cause is probably due to a psychological problem: Leach indeed cant support the weight of being the favourite, whilst since always he gives his best when he puts himself between the outsiders.
His play is complete, without any evident weakness. The right stroke is consistent, and the back stroke solid although used as preparatory shot more than a conclusive one. Hes always very able to construct his point, ball after ball, waiting to use his definite shot only when he is almost completely sure he will conquer the point.
Paris 1947: World Championships semifinals

A very elegant player also in this part of the play. Although Leach is going to hit the ball taking his left leg forwards ( technically not a correct position), the position of the racket results almost parallel to the border line. This makes us suppose the racket is turned towards the right stroke. (sketch) although the elbow is near the body and the arm forwards, the racket results sufficiently open. This makes us think the racket is gripped for a right stroke.
London 1952: Englands internationals

In the sketch we can see a moment of the match between Bergmann and Leach (this one with back facing, in action). The top spin preparation is closed. It seems a modern shot, but the index is situated in a position which makes us think that the grip is turned towards the right stroke. Going forwards with the forearm to hit the ball, the racket opens vertically, so that the movement will go upwards and slightly forwards, or so would the preparation of this top spin let us suppose.

A trainer always gives good advise to his pupil. The problem is he never finds the pupil able to use them.
FERENC SIDO (Hungarian)
Sido turns out to be the general attention in 1947 in Paris when, not yet known, he manages to get to the worlds finals (then defeated by Vana). In the following years he doesnt repeat what he had shown before, until the World Championships in Bucarest in 1953 when he conquers the titles in the singles, the doubles and the mixed doubles (which only Barna had managed to achieve until then). In the following 4 years Sido is brought to his knees by the enormous power of the Nipponese Tanaka and Ogimura. In 1959 Sido finally manages to beat Ogimura in the semifinals: the title seems to be assured, but surprisingly he is defeated by the first Chinese to take a degree as world champion: Rong Guotuan. Sido shows in this circumstance what is his Achilles heel: the lack of coldness and strong nerves in crucial moments of the matches.

Although he has a heavy body which disturbs him in the movements, Sido is a complete player: knows how to attack, defend, play right and back stroke. But the characteristics which mostly identifies his play is the great power with which he hits every ball: although differently from other attack players Sido manages to give top spin also to the most powerful shots (resulting this way the forerunner of the modern top spin).
Sido against Vana - Paris 1947: World semifinals

Sido in squash phase, we can clearly see the racket is retracted respect to the hand. We understand that this had done a low-top rotation, in vertical.

Pushed shot, the right leg is forward. The arm is at the maximum extension. The body doesnt rotate, the racket ends behind the hand, the grip is unsure.
London 1953: Englands internationals

Sido against Bergman. Right top spin. The push from bottom to top is far more than the push from back to forth. Because of the pimpled rubber, not very adherent.

Sido against Bergmann. Note the position of Sido to the left of the table. The racket is back from the head. The forward thrust is given on the body, while the rotation of the ball is given by a movement of bottom-up racquet. The technical act, harmonious.

Defense cut with a back stroke. The body line is elegant and essential.

If you didnt notice who won at a table, where the two players shake hands, watch the face that is watching down or somewhere else: that is the loser. If you skipped this moment, it doesnt matter: the player that leaves the court first is the winner. The other waits a little longer to think about it.
MICHEL HAGUENAUER (French champion)
Wembley 1945: Englands Internationals

Haguenauer in the waiting position. There is no predominance of the forehand play and the backhand one. The elbow is brought forward. This let us think, and you also notice it in the design, that the racket is turned towards the forehand.

My president always talks about winning, my trainer does the same. Is it possible they cant talk of something else?
CONNY FREUNDORFER (German champion)
Munich 1950: Germanys Internationals

Also in this case the index and the hand are on the same line. It seems as if the grip is lifted between index and the hand. In this case the racket is turned towards the forehand. The player is ready to hit with the backhand, the elbow and the left shoulder are forward, this is necessary to open more the face of the racket.

If you have a son that always thinks about playing, leave him play. This way he wont think of it anymore.
GIZI FARKAS (Hungarian)
Beauty and Talent
Paris 1946
Gizi Farkas, Hungarian, three times consecutively world champion and four second places.

Shes the first female tennis table talent. Good looking, tall, elegant, feminine, bright face. She loves good food and life. Intelligent, extroverted and gay. Her play is complete. She does everything the other girls cant do: she attacks suddenly, uses the side cut, is not repetitive. She constructs the point always with different shots. She plays with a Barna (pimpled racket), lifts the play. She is instinctive, feminine, sure and powerful in the gestures. In the 50s her place of honor will be defeated. In the World Championships, in Budapest, destiny will make her find herself against the greatest talent that the history of table tennis has ever known. The agile, delicate, fragile, Angelica Rozeanu, Romanian. She is not so good looking and attractive. She arrives like a butterfly, and takes away from her the Spring season in table tennis. But Gizi Farkas will always be surrounded by friends, and slowly, will give more time to her life and to her pleasures. From the rare documentation we also believe Gizi used an open grip in the right.

If you tell a joke that hasnt any sense, you always do a good thing: if the one is listening to you is an idiot he will laugh just the same, if he is intelligent he will start to doubt about your intelligence.
ANGELICA ROZEANU (Romanian)
The Butterfly
Budapest 1949
Angelica Rozeanu, Romanian, for 6 years consecutively reigns over the females world scene. Shes the first athlete to take the all sports world title in Romania. She uses a pure defense. Agile, threadlike, loose in the physique. The racket has a slim handle, easy to handle.
Angelica moves lightly with rapid dance paces. She is like pulled by the racket which with great strength goes towards the ball, and she follows it. In her play she is never aggressive. The gesture is a mix between the closing and opening of a flower, it is the flight of a dragonfly. Her defense seems a peaceful reply to an aggressive shot. When Angelica stretches, to save the play with particular evolutions, she does it to let things get back in order.
In World Championships of 1950 in Vienna, before beating the Hungarian Farkas, she defeats the Austrian Pritzi in the third set of the semifinals. Its an elegant and musical bouncing, which could go on forever. After 20 minutes the set ends. It is in the rules, the time limit: who is in advance wins. 5 to 4 for her. Rozeanu world champion.
World Championships 1957

Angelica Rozeanu executes a side cut. It seems as though the plasticity and lightness of the arms involve also the legs. We dont have the impression that the movement starts from the ground. The game is in the air, the body seems weightless and follows the racket.

If after having lost a match, your trainer tells you dont use your head, ask him: who are you talking to?
ITTF story
International Table Tennis Federation
1880
In England the game of table tennis was adapted to living room tables. the equipment was casual.
1890
The first patents of the game are deposited. The first equipment is produced, under the name of Gossima, ping pong and wiff waff, with simple instructions.
1900
In America the table tennis gets known. Celluloid balls are exported to Europe, and they take the place of those made of cork and rubber.
1901
The Table tennis Association and the rival ping pong association form in England.
1902
The manual "table tennis and pioneer hobbies" is published. The first table sizes are defined. The serve is made with a double bounce like today (but in a diagonal sense as in tennis).
1903
The first reverse rubber covered rackets are used.
1904
The game falls in England.
1905
In Hungary, Germany and Austria new methods of serving and keeping the score are practiced.
1910
Ping pong gets also to Japan, China, North Korea and Hong Kong.
1920
Table tennis gets to Italy thanks to Hungarians
1922
In England its development starts again with new rules..
1922
The Daily Mirror organizes an enormous tournament to which more than 40.000 players will take part.
1923
The new Wales federation is born. In China they open the "Shanghais ping pong union".
1926
In Berlin the new International Table Tennis Foundation is born with the idea of a first European Championships.
1926
London, England. First European Championships which, for the presence of Indian players, will be considered as the first World Championships. First ITTF foundation assembly. Montagu is elected as president. The first official rules book is established.
1929
Japan enters the ITTF.
1933
Paris, France. The ITTF congress decides that the only need to enter in the Associations is to practice the sport in one's own territory without race, colour or religious distinctions.
1935
London, England. The ITTF congress aborts from their constitution the words "professionals" and "amateurs" and changes them with players.
1937
To encourage the attack play three important decisions are taken:
1) To lower the net from 6 inches 75 (17.145 cm) to 6 inches (15.24 cm).
2) The "limit time" is established. A set may not go over 20 minutes.
3) In the serve fingers cannot be used to imprint the effect on the ball.
1937
First assembly: the first president and the first regular voting council are elected.
1939
During the second World War all the activities are suspended. They will be started again in 1945.
1943
Buenos Aires, Argentina. The first south American federation is born.
1946
London, England. International conference entitled "the rebirth".
1947
Paris, France. A new rule saying that the serve should be made with the open hand is introduced.
1948
Italy takes part in the ITTF. President: Gino Mario Cini. London. World Championships: first participation of Italy. It is decided that flags and curses are banned in World tournaments. In Nicaragua the first table-tennis stamps are printed.
1950
Budapest, Hungary. The associations are considered as "fact organizations" more than "national". First ITTF magazine printing.
1952
Hiroji Satoh, Japanese, becomes the first player to win a world title using a sponge rubber covered racket. On the 9th February the first Asian federation is born, and later on in the same year, these federation's Championships are organized..
1953
Bucarest, Romania. For the first time China participates in the tournaments.
1954
London, England. The Japanese win from 1st to 4th place using sponge rackets.
1956
It is decided that the World Championships are to be made every 2 years.
1957
The European table tennis union is born.
1958
Budapest, Hungary. First European Championships. First participation from URSS. In Trinidad, Spanish port, the Western Indies' association is born. Caracas, Venezuela. The first south American Championships.
1958
Dortmund, Germany. The sponge rubber is abolished and a new sandwich racket is used, racket which will change table tennis.
1959
Peking, China. The racket rubbers should have the same colour. Cairo city, Egypt. The first African federation is born.
1960
The Italian clubs get together in a reunion and for the first time choose a council. President: Filippo Dragotto.
1962
Alessandria, Egypt. First African tournament.
1967
H. Roy Evans is elected president.
The new European league is born.
1971
Nagoya, Japan. World Championships. China emerges again. Occidental teams sent to the Chinese tour. Zadar, Yugoslavia. First European tournament to establish the rank of the players. First African Asian tournament with 700 participants.
1973
Hanover, Germany. First university championship. The international umpire's figure is born.
1977
ITTF is known from the Olympic commission (CIO).
1987
New Delhi, India. Ichiro Ogimura, ex World champion, new ITTF president.
1988
Seoul, South Korea. Olympic games. Table tennis participates for the first time. Massimo Costantini is the first and still the only to represent Italy. The Korean Yoo Nam Kyu wins the gold medal. He will receive from his nation honours and prizes. The Chinese Chen Jing wins the female's gold.
1989
Rome. First competitive encounter between Asiatic and European players.
1992
Jan Ove Waldner, already World champion, becomes Olympic champion. He will be the first millionaire table tennis player.
1993
The female's gold medal will be won by Deng Yaping, Chinese. The first billionaire woman in table tennis.
1996
Third table tennis's Olympic games, China's dominion. Males singles to Liu Guoliang and female's single to Deng Yaping.
1999
Hanover, Holland. World Championships but only for singles and doubles. These Championships will have to be re-organized in Belgrade but because of the war will have to be suspended. Holland accepted the invitation of the World federation and organized the competitions. The team worlds tournaments will be organized in the February of the year 2000 in Malaysia, in Timor.

If after winning a match your opponent tells youve been lucky, believe him.
Table, ball and score
In 1875 the table tennis game is born with it's first rules. The balls are made of cork or indian rubber. The games are played as in tennis. Also vole is valid.
1875
The game is patented in England with the name of ping-pong. Complete racket, ball and net confections are found in commerce. The table dimensions are established: length and width 9x5 feet; The plain from ground 2,30 feet (in meters: 2,74x1,525x0,76). The bounce must be uniform: The ball left falling from 30 cm. height must have a bounce of about 23 cm. The double bounce serve is officially adopted. In the doubles game, to avoid only one player to play as sometimes it happens in tennis, two tables have been put together with a long net. The experiment didnt last long due to technical organization problems. it has been therefore decided to play only on one table and to make the players shoot once at a time alternatively.
1915
The Italian magazine "la rivista del corriere" decides to put as prize ping-pong cases for it's readers.
1936
In London the first World Championships are played. The score is still the tennis' one and the vole is still valid. The height of the net is later brought from 17,5 cm. to 15,25 cm. In the clubs they try out new game scorings. Some play a single set up to 50, some up to 31 and some 21. The scoring is changed and uniform. 2 out of 3 or 3 out of 5 up to 21.
1990
Verona, Italys internationals. At the end of the games, I had together with Constantini and Ubaldi, an exchange of opinions with Ogimura, world president. We talked about a bigger ball and also of thinning the thickness of the rubber around the rackets. Ogimura let us notice that in some tournaments, the games were played in areas as big as volleyball courts. Too much space to let only two players play: we risk to lose the popularity and diffusion of this sport. Difficult for the clubs to get suitable spaces. Also more difficult to find tournament suitable structures. Ogimura thought also that the enlargement of the diameter of the ball by itself wouldn't anyway be sufficient, and that some changes should have been made also on the racket. Between the other things said, I remember he had enjoyed himself a lot, when we asked him to change the scores in a way to limit the advantage of the serves and to get the game better. We told him: "why at the end of the game, we don't give to the one who made point an equal score to the number of exchanges he made to get it? " he started off in a great laugh. He imagined a game in which a player's exchange lasted from 6 to 7 times and the player himself losing 6 or 7 points. Then we said goodbye, and he told us: "let's keep in touch".
1999
Holland. China proposes to the ITTF congress to substitute the actual ball with a greater one, 40 mm in diameter. Only for one negative vote the proposal is not accepted.
2000
Malaysia. Historic decision: the ITTF congress accepts the proposal of China and the greater part approves the new ball, not accepted in Holland. After the approval of modern rackets in '59 in Dortmund, this is the second important revolution for table tennis. The most of the merit goes to the neo-elected world president of ITTF: Adam Sharara, who was the texturer.

If you never feel any pain, it means you are a trainer.
Length of the match
1937
World Championships in Prague. The Romanian Farkas Paneth ant the Polish Alex Ehrlich after 2.15 hours are still o-o. The umpire, after one hour and 30 minutes, asks and obtains a substitution. He is shocked. The Romanian Marin and the French Hagenhauer finish their match after 8 hours and 30 minutes. The umpires refuses later to umpire some players. They will take turns. Now the matches are not to last over 60 minutes for the 2 on 3 and 100 minutes for the 3 on 5.


World Championships, Buden Bei, Vienna. In the female finals for the title, the American Aarons and the Austrian Pritzi won't end the match if not after 100 minutes. They are both disqualified. Tears won't be useful. The title is not assigned. Neither the second place is assigned.
1937
The rules are modified. each set lasts 20 minutes, who gets the higher score wins. In case of parity, 3 more minutes will be played. In case of another parity, the disqualification of both will be actuated.
1963
To discourage the bouncing game and to favour attackers, the rules are once more modified. The set always lasts 20 minutes. If the players won't have reached 21, the rest of the game will be played in accelerated mode. The players shoot once at a time alternatively. Who shoots and doesn't score before the ball comes back to his pitch 13 times, loses it.
1964
Later, the 20 minutes will become 15.

If during the training you defeat every one, and during the match no-one, it means you dont want to overdo it.
History of the serve
1882
When ping pong was born, it was like Tennis on a table. The tennis' serve is not suitable to play this new game. If the ball is lifted over the head and shot , the point is immediately made without playing. After various strategies, it is decided that the ball should be served from below, from under the belt's height. This way though it is very difficult to evaluate it's regularity. The higher players result to be advantaged. There are many objections. Each club uses a different way of serving. In Hungary, Austria and Germany where table tennis is very practiced new serves are tried. In England there are two rival associations.
1890
An agreement is found on the double bounce serve: one on one's own side of the table, another on the rival's side. For the rest everything is kept equal to tennis. The serve is always in diagonal sense. Forwards in time, all the pitch will be used, as today.
1936
The Americans appear in the World Championships with a new serve. The ball is launched in the air with a wrist and finger movement. The ball's rotation is unpredictable. When this is touched by the racket, it keeps the effect. The rival can't reply in a conscious way. The Americans obtain frequently and immediately the point. There are many objections.
1937
It is decided that the ball should stay still on the hand's palm: fingers close together and detached thumb. After this, the Chinese, at the serve, instead of lifting the hand, they lower it and, quickly, hit the ball. This serve has little advice for the rivals, which are frequently left surprised and lose points. Some more objections. The serve is once more modified: the ball should be lifted at least at 16 cm, in vertical. The hand should stay outside and above the table's floor. The racket has to hit the ball only in the descending phase. If the ball, when descending, forms a little angle during it's fall, it is equally accepted as valid. It is also decided that if the rival is not ready, the serve is to be repeated. The rival can keep the free arm lifted or lift it as soon as the other one serves to have the right of the repetition. These are rare cases. Who serves always looks at the rival to make sure he serves when he is absolutely still, in a waiting position. After a while, all the players get used to serving the ball near to their body. They turn their shoulders a little towards their rival. They shoot in a way that the rival is never totally sure to see the moment of the impact between ball and racket. Once more, the serve is not totally comprehensible, who replies cannot see. Besides, many players hide the racket before shooting, under the armpit or table, in a way not to show the rival which of the two sides he's going to use. Then suddenly they shoot, and it is not possible to distinguish with which rubber they served. Besides, the two rubbers produce two different sounds when they are touched by the ball. This is a useful message to understand with which rubber the ball has been hit. But the players often stamp the foot on the floor, making noise, right in the moment when they are hitting the ball, so the two sounds are confused. The used rubbers are often both black. They have less light reflexes and it is impossible to understand which rubber is used. The serve is once more modified: the racket, before hitting the ball, has to be visible, both from the rival and from the umpire.

A clever and modest player is really a bore. It would have been best if he was presumptuous and never won.
History of the racket
1875
The first rackets were similar to the tennis ones. Long handle, oval shape but smaller. Some had chords, others vellum similar to the drum's one.
1890
Wooden and plywood rackets diffuse. After a while, wood deforms. It is decided to paint them with varnish. The players realize the ball slides against the racket. It is said that a rough and tight covering would be better for the racket and the whole game. With the use of celluloid ball the study of weight and shape is developed. For the covering, the used materials are cork, rubber, textile A man named Cood, English, used a rubber mat. This material was used in shops not to make coins slide on the table during payments. The story tells that Cood wins in the finals for 50 to 3.
1892
Game scores are still not unified. Each club used a different one. Then pimpled rubber was used.
1930
Hungarian multi-winner Barna, used a pimpled rubber racket which will resist until 1960. There are some players which will show up in matches with three or four rackets: one in wood, one in cork, one in pimpled rubber, etc.. The rackets are used in a rotation system depending on the game that is to be done. The non used rackets are put on the floor, under the table. Ready to be used.
1952
Satoh, Japanese, uses a covering made in sponge and becomes World champion.
1953
Ogimura, Japanese, always with sponge wins the world title. The Europeans debate it's validity.
1959
There is an agreement. The sponge may be used, but it has to be covered by pimples. Each side shouldnt be over 4 mm.
1960
The Japanese turn the pimpled rubber towards the inside and stick it on the sponge. This way the outside of the racket is smooth. This new sandwich racket permits to give such powerful effects, unthinkable to this moment. Modern top spin is born, and it is the game's revolution. who isn't able to use it is excluded. After a few years, the Dutch Toni Hold invents anti spin rubber. It's a strong and slimy rubber. The effects will not be heard. The ball's rotation won't encounter resistances. It turns about itself until it touches this new rubber, then it bounces back keeping the effect. The anti spin rubber is used only on one side. The player during the play makes the handle rotate and replies with suddenly different rubbers. It will be a period of anti-game. The sandwich players get into a crisis. Only talented players, after a period of difficulties, will manage to adapt themselves.
1975
From China arrives the new long pimpled rubber, also known as grass rubber. It results to be an advanced version of anti spin rubber. At his first outing, the Chinese Huang Liang wins against the best European players for 21 to 4 and 21 to 5 ...
1983
The World federation decides that the rackets should have two colours, one red side and one black. With this decision anti spin and long pimples nearly disappear.

If before a match your opponent tells you he hasnt been training enough, dont believe him, he may have got mixed up with over training.
The coming of the modern racket
From foam rubber to sandwich: Ogimura, Satohs heir


1952, BOMBAY: Satoh, Japanese, becomes world champion in the singles and interrupts for the first time the European dominion in this sport. Satoh uses a new racket: instead of a pimpled rubber glued on wood, he uses a layer of foam rubber 1 cm. thick. Before this date no Japanese had ever reached the singles semifinals. The new event which will change drastically ping-pong, will take place in London in 1954 with Ogimuras triumph, who will win also the gold medal in the team matches. The Japanese appear with the rackets covered with foam rubber, the same racket that Satoh used two years before. Up till then the play was developed by making the ball pass a little over the net towards the end of the field, fast as possible. The top spin was used to make the shot more accurate. The new racket breaks every mechanism of the play. Top spin will become an essential shot. Tennis will later copy this shot. Bjorn Borg will be the first to perform it with effectiveness and profit twenty years after.


Ogimura and the new Top Spin
The shot that Ogimura uses is made by short movements of the racket which start from the bottom to go upwards. The movement is fast and nervous. From now on the modern top spin starts to be used, a shot full of spin and used mainly to attack. The ball moves with the same rotation of the direction it takes, but faster. When it touches the table and the racket, the ball has an acceleration. Ogimura uses also a longer movement. Which is similar to todays. The racket starts from behind and goes high over the head. The movement is very fast. The foam rubber grips nicely and brushes the ball. This rotates around itself and the parabola is very fast. The shot is immediately invincible, also for the surprise. The European contested immediately the regularity of the racket and the dispute went on until 59. Meanwhile the Japanese with Tanaka in 55, and again Ogimura in 56, win the World Championships. Its the year of the great Japanese triumph and of the foam rubbers. The World federation decides to organize the World Championships every two years. In Dortmund in 59 they make an agreement for the rubbers: every face of the racket will be able to have the foam rubber but it will have to be covered by a pimpled rubber. Everything will have to be not more than 4 mm. thick. Its a victory for Europe: the Japanese rackets had more than 1 cm. rubber foam.

The Japanese probably had already studied and perhaps suggested this solution. As a matter of fact, the new racket, with the pimples turned inside and smooth outside resulted much more effective. The Europeans immediately realize it and adopt it straight away. But peace is made by the Chinese that for the first time, with Rong Guotuan, win the title, using traditional rubbers and a penhold grip. The choice of this play technique isnt certain. It seems it depends by the way they eat their rice (The use of sticks), that exactly are kept between the index and thumb. Later with Zhuang Zedong they will win the title for three consecutively times. With the new sandwich rubbers all the players unable to adapt to it will disappear. All around the world there will be a wave of young players that will take the place of the conservative players. And this will happen in the international competitions too.

Ogimura is ready for the top spin. The new rackets enables him to hit the ball with a closed inclination. The movement of the racket from back to front is longer. Ogimura is able to thrust so violently thanks to the racket covered with the sandwich rubber. The racket is quite closed up and the player pushes forward with his body and arm.

If a player that has just been defeated is searching persistently in his bag for something, dont ask him what he is searching for, he doesnt know too.
The story goes on...
The story goes on. The group of children today much more numerous, keeps on playing. They all have the same spirit. Watching them nothing seems changed. Its the childs heart that keeps on believing in his dreams. Its the place you can find all over the world. You just need to look for it with the eyes of a child.
* * * * *
 Something about the author

Enzo Pettinelli at 8 years old begins to play ping-pong in the parish church of San Martino, in Senigallia. When playing double matches with his twin brother Giovanni as a partner, they are invincible. 
Enzo, like all children, plays football, volleyball, swims, skates. In skating he is 4th at the National Championship.
When he is elder he dedicates himself to ping-pong, right up to the National championship of B division. Then he feels that ping-pong can be played  in a different way. He is fascinated by the musicality of the rhythm and by the beauty of the technical gesture.
He leaves the agonistic activity and dedicates his time teaching this Sport. Three young lyceum students follow him: one of them, Domenico Ubaldi, will become later the President of  Tennistavolo Senigallia, a club founded by them in 1959 and in 2010 rewarded by the CONI with the Gold Medal for Sports Merit.
The first Italian titles arrive. For the 100th anniversary of the reunification of Italy, two youngsters of Pettinellis school are called to join the national team at the International exhibition in Tourin in 1961.
After this event the parish priest of San Martino, Father Giuliano Grassi, covers the courtyard and creates a little gymnasium. A sales representative of sport equipment, Neri Ravini, accidentally sees the gymnasium, he gets touched by seeing so many little children around just one rickety table, and gives 3 bright new tables as a gift. 
The game, based on aesthetic beauty and on musicality, gives more incentive and new Italian titles. A sponsor, Otello Montesi, gives economic help, without asking nothing back. The results come and bring the Club at the first place in Italy.
The school, already opened, opens further, and receives players from all Italy. Including players that play or have played against each other .
Pettinelli will be many times the Italian National teams coach, coach of the Republic of San Marino. Honorary Member of the Republic of Malta, for the given collaboration. 
Among his pupils we remember: Costantini, record of presence with the National team; Moretti, Cardinali and Ricci that will be many times at the World Championship, European Championship and at the Mediterranean Games.
The work and passion of this Great Teacher for ping-pong, has inspired the film director Claudio Colombo that has realized a feature film, Shot, already winner at two festivals, dedicated to him. Among the actors we remember Enrico Beruschi, that has skilfully interpreted Enzo Pettinellis part.

To know more about the author and his works it is possible to visit the Tennistavolo Senigallia website:
www.ping-pong.org
To discover other Enzo Pettinellis titles visit the web page on Smashwords.com
* * * * *
