ALONE

Book One in the Serenity Series

eBook Edition

Copyright  2011 Marissa Farrar

Published by Warwick House Press
 at Smashwords


License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of these authors.


Publishers Note
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the products of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.


TABLE OF CONTENTS

*You can click on the title to be taken to the selection. Additionally, all chapter names will link you back to this table of contents.

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-one
Chapter Twenty-two
Chapter Twenty-three
Chapter Twenty-four

Bonus Material: The sequel to Alone, Buried (Alone), Prologue.

To my mother, who introduced me to the wonderful worlds of authors such as Stephen King, Anne Rice and James Herbert. You are my unfailing support.

Acknowledgements

I would like to thank Stephanie Weinbrecht who gave me the opportunity, courage and strength to take the giant leap into this new publishing world we find ourselves in. Without your constant support and encouragement, I wouldnt be doing what I am today.

I would also like to thank my editor, Danielle Gavan. Your hard work has transformed what I always hoped was a good book, into a great one.
Thank you, both.


Chapter One


The day Serenity Hathaway came to view as the lowest point in her life, also turned out to be the day everything changed.
Shed been fired.
In many ways, losing her job shouldnt have come as a shock; shed been hanging onto her position for quite some time. Getting fired wasnt her faultbut the fact didnt make her any less terrified of going home to face her husband, Jackson, the ultimate cause of her sudden unemployment.
That had been early afternoon and shed been walking the streets of downtown Los Angeles since leaving the office, too scared to go home. 
The late November breeze chilled her skin and the last of the light slowly bled out of the LA skyline. Her ribs throbbed and the pain in her lower back made her walk with a hunch. Pressing her palm into the small of her back, she moved like an old woman instead of the twenty-eight year old she actually was.
Serenity believed she had control over the pain, envisioning it as a different sense, like sound or color, but today her meditation failed. When she took a break and tried to pee, the pain in her kidneys overwhelmed her and she passed out in the bathroom stall.
Upon regaining consciousness, her boss demanded to know where shed been for the past two hours. Too embarrassedtoo humiliatedto tell him the truth, she lied and told him a late night caused an impromptu nap. He gave her a look containing a mix of disbelief, frustration and anger. Clearly, he didnt believe her. Shed gone AWOL on the job one too many times and he told her to clear her desk.
A lump constricted her throat and she fought to swallow. The backs of her eyes burned, but she was out of tears. Long ago, shed learned crying didnt get her anywhere.
Their only income came from her job. Serenity supported her husband while he worked on a novel. If not for Jacksons refusal to work, he would never allow her to have a job. After all, he denied her everything else. She had no family left, except for a step-father whod passed her on to Jackson for him to continue the good work hed started. Any school friends had given up trying to keep in contact with her. 
This afternoon wandering the streets, terrified to go home, was the closest to freedom shed experienced in many years.
Pain wrapped around her ribs, speared deep into her spine and threatened to cripple her. Serenity stopped on the corner of East and 3rd Street to rummage in her bag. She pulled out a bottle of water, a packet of aspirin and another of paracetamol. She pushed two of each tablet through the foil backing, dropping the small white discs into her palm. Something else she had learned over the years; the two medications worked better together.
Except they didnt work that afternoon.
Why hadnt someone noticed her slumped in the locked stall, or checked on her when they realized shed been missing for hours? 
Her colleagues were apathetic toward her. Who wanted a moody, silent associate who never attended any social functions and regularly called in sick? Serenity didnt blame them for finally losing their patience.
People trickled from the office buildings surrounding her. The tourist crowd had retreated to their hotels after a day of sightseeing and now the residents of LA were leaving their workplaces to head home. 
Serenity glanced at her watch. Almost six; Jackson expected her home in the next half hour. Her stomach twisted into a knot of anxiety. Could she get away with not telling him and pretend to leave for work as usual the next day? She toyed with the idea briefly. Jackson called her at work several times a day and hed discover the truth soon enough. Even if he didnt, hed known her the whole of her adult life and would see through her in a moment. Lying to him would only make matters worse.
A coil of anger stirred inside herat her boss for putting her in this position, at Jackson for controlling her life, but mainly at herself for allowing him to do so.
She wasnt stupid, Serenity knew what Jackson did to her was wrong. Yet, she always made excuses for himshe wound him up, he didnt realize how badly he hurt her or, her old favorite, hed change. 
In truth, the excuses hid her fear. 
Married to Jackson since the age of eighteen, she had no idea what life would be like on her own. A life where she didnt have to watch out for the next fist was completely foreign to her. 
Jacksons reaction to her leaving terrified Serenity. He had no qualms about giving her a swift elbow in the kidney if she burned dinner, she didnt want to imagine what hed do if she told him she was leaving.
Serenity stopped on the edge of the sidewalk and waited for the lights to change. People gathered either side, closing in, and suddenly her head swam. Despite the cool evening, beads of sweat slicked her palms and her cheeks flushed. She stared in panic at the people flanking her, professional men and women in suits with their perfect lives. Her heart thumped painfully as though the organ had swollen to twice its size and pounded against the inside of her rib-cage. 
She couldnt stand it, so many bodies pressing on all sides, talking loudly on mobile phones she couldnt see. Part of her believed they were talking about her, laughing about her to the faceless people on the other end of the line. They gazed at her, judging, wondering how such a pathetic creature was even out here on her own.
Serenity realized she wasnt going to wait for the lights to change. Stepping out into the road jolted her bruised ribs. Bright sparks of pain speared through her, making her gasp for breath.
Someone blasted their horn but she barely took notice. Instead, she half-stumbled, half-ran across the street. 
People stared at her, curiosity and concern creasing their eyes. One woman put out her hand as Serenity passed, Are you okay? she asked, but Serenity shrugged off the kind woman and ran.
Blind to everything around her, she pushed past people, knocking shoulders and elbows as she went. Shouts of protest followed her, but the blood rushing through her ears muffled the sound. 
Hey, crazy lady! one man shouted as she stomped on his foot in her effort to get by. Her heart raced and pressure built up inside her head, as if she teetered on the edge of something terrible. 
Serenity ducked into an alley. Security lights illuminated the unoccupied space. Large commercial bins stood against the walls and Serenity sank between them, seeking shelter amid their tall plastic sides. She bent over, ignoring the pain and rested her hands on her thighs. With her head hung, she gasped for breath. Her lower back screamed in agony. Jackson always hit where it hurt the worst and in places no one sawher kidneys, ribs and the bottom of her spine.
Just a panic attack, she told herself, as the certainty she was about to die faded away with the adrenaline. Nothing to worry about. Youve had them before.
Slowly, her breathing returned to normal and her heart lost its trippy beat. Shed begun straightening up when the solid weight of a hand touched her shoulder.
Serenity shrieked and leaped away, jarring her poor ribs once again.
Im sorry, a mans voice said. I didnt mean to scare you. I wanted to make sure you were all right.
By scaring me half to death! Quickly, anger replaced the fear and she looked up.
The most beautiful man stood in front of her. Well over six feet tall, dark wavy hair fell across his forehead and curled around his broad throat. The square jaw and wide, generous mouth of a catalogue model graced his features, but his eyes blew her away. She did a double take and something deep inside jolted, like a flick back in time. Despite the darkness, his eyes were almost a fluorescent, bright green.
Green? Not yellow? Hadnt they been yellow?
She pushed the strange thought away.
Im sorry, he said again. Did she hear an accent, something European? You seemed to be in distress. Perhaps I can help?
No. Im fine. Please, just leave me alone.
The hint of a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. He stepped forward, hand held out.
He fixated those amazing eyes on her, At least let me help you to your feet.
She stared at his hand in mistrust, but couldnt help glancing at the rest of him. Well-dressed in a smart woolen overcoat and expensive shoes, he gave the impression of someone of importance, of someone who knew his place in the world. 
He was everything Serenity wanted to be.
His hand was large, strong and inviting. He certainly didnt look like a lunatic.
Could this man do much worse than what Ive got waiting at home?
The anger melted and she found herself incapable of resisting. Instead, she wanted to take his hand, touch the soft, strangely pale skin. Serenity reached out and slipped her small palm into his.
She gasped and would have pulled away if not for the strength of his hand closing around her own.
Cold. He was so cold.
It wasnt just his temperature catching her breath. His touch fired every synapse in her body and goose bumps prickled her skin, her heart stuttering in her chest. Again, her brain jolted like a static discharge realigned her nerve cells. It felt as though someone had reached in and moved parts of her memory around, as if shed experienced something she should forget. Black blobs clouded her vision. Her legs folded and the world swam away.
His arms locked beneath her before she fell, his easy strength holding her, and she came back to the surface.
Sorry, she managed, embarrassed. I dont know...
She tailed off, unsure of what to say. 
What were you running from? he asked.
Serenity glanced up at him. Concern softened his eyes and the sight melted her; he was the first person in a long time to show her any kind of compassion.
Myself, she whispered. I was running from myself.
He smiled again. You didnt get very far.
No. I never do. 
She suddenly realized he still held her in his arms, her breasts pressed up against his broad chest, his face inches from her own. He seemed aware of their close proximity at the same moment and stepped away, leaving them both flustered.
Serenity stared down at the ground, too embarrassed to meet his eyes. What had gone through her? Had he somehow reached inside and touched the essence of who she was? 
She shook her head slightly, alarmed at her own thoughts. The stress must be too much.
I...I have to go, she managed, pushing past, not trusting herself to look at him again. She sensed him about to reach out to her, but he didnt and she kept walking. Only when she reached the main street, with its lights and bustle of people, did she dare glance back.
He was gone.
A strange ache of disappointment and relief filled her and she chewed at her lower lip, worrying at a piece of dried skin. Serenity found herself trying to commit his face to memory, to remember how shed felt when he took her hand. She would bury the moment deep inside and dig it out like an old forgotten favorite teddy or blanket when things got really bad.
The thought made her want to cry but she pressed her lips together and fought the tears. She wouldnt let herself cry. Not anymore. 
It was getting late; Jackson would already be wondering where she was. Hoping to do damage control, she fished in her handbag and found her cell phone. She only had three numbers programmed in; home, work and Jacksons cell. Hitting home, she put the phone to her ear.
It rang twice before her husband picked up.
Hello?
Hey, honey, she said, trying to keep her voice from shaking. I just wanted to let you know Im going to be a bit late. The traffic is terrible and I couldnt get on the last bus, it was full of Japanese tourists.
He stayed silent on the other end. Serenity held her breath in anticipation.
How long are you going to be?
She heard the measure in his voice, as though every additional ten minutes would buy her another punch.
Half an hour, she said. Quick as I can.
Air whistled down the phone as he huffed through his nose, something he always did when he was pissed, a bull shown a red flag.
Fine, but hurry up. Im getting hungry, and he hung up.
Serenity hurried down the road toward her stop, praying the bus wouldnt take long to arrive. To her relief, the big blue bus trundled down the road toward her and she broke into a trot, ignoring her protesting ribs, desperate not to miss this one.
 Making it in plenty of time, she joined the line. There was no hint of the panic attack she had suffered earlier at this same close proximity of a crowd. Strangely, she felt better within herself, as if the nugget of hope she had stored within herself fed her strength.
She flashed her travel card at the driver who barely bothered to check. Passengers filled all of the seats so she grabbed hold of one of the standing poles.
With her free hand, Serenity fingered the thin silver necklace nestled at her throat, the letter S hanging from the chain. The necklace was the only present shed ever received from her mother and she rubbed the cool metal like a good luck charm whenever she grew nervous, which was often.
As the bus pulled away, she caught something out of the corner of her eye. She swung her head around and peered through the bus window. It was as though her eyes sought him out through the crowds, like some part of her deep down knew exactly where to look, exactly where to find him. For there, on the other side of the street in the shadows of a doorway, stood the man who had tried to help.
Watching her.


Chapter Two


Serenity arrived home over an hour late.
Standing outside her front door, she couldnt help but admire the little duplex despite the person within. Though the yard was small, she spent what free time she had keeping the window boxes pretty and the space tidy. Jacksons father died a few years earlier, leaving Jackson a good sum of money and astonishing Serenity, who assumed the man would have drunk any savings away. With his inheritance, Jackson bought the two bed duplex in Glendale, a decent district of LA.
She put the key in the lock and, like a teenager sneaking home from a late night party, turned it as quietly as possible. The door opened with a click. No sounds came from inside; a bad sign. When Jackson relaxed, he put his feet up in front of the television. With the television not on, Serenity knew shed find him sitting at the kitchen table, brooding with his forearms resting on the surface in front of him.
Serenity hung her bag and coat on the hooks behind the front door. She took a deep breath and tried to ignore her heart. It thumped so hard she thought the organ might burst from her chest.
I cant do it, she thought. I cant tell him I got fired. Hell kill me.
Walking into the kitchen, she found Jackson exactly as shed pictured him, sitting with his back to her. His narrow shoulders and long back hunched over the table, his too long, light brown hair hiding his neck. 
She moved around the table to face him, but he didnt even raise his eyes to glare at her through his rimless, rectangular glasses.
 Jackson wore his glasses most of the time, even though he only needed them to read or for computer work. He liked to appear intelligent and thought the addition did that for him. To anyone else he appeared harmless, a slightly geeky guy. He certainly didnt fit the look of a wife beater.
Hi honey, she said, trying to make her voice bright. Sorry Im late. She bent down and kissed his cheek. How was your day? How did the writing go?
She acted overly cheerful, compensating for the dark mood radiating from her spouse.
It was fine, he said still not bothering to look at her. Whats for dinner?
Food had been the furthest thing from her mind, but suddenly the question loomed huge. Giving the wrong answer would be the final spark to his tinder, the thing to ignite his temper.
She gave a smile, the expression false on her face. I thought Id do us some old fashioned bacon-burgers and fries, maybe with extra cheese?
His shoulders relaxed and she stopped herself breathing a sigh of relief.
As long as you miss out the cheese and fries for yourself. He reached out and slapped her on the backside, a more than playful smack that left her skin stinging. You know how easily you pile on the extra pounds.
The slap made up her mind. She wouldnt tell him about getting fired.
Serenity opened the refrigerator and pulled out a cold bottle of beer. She cracked the lid off and handed it to Jackson, who took the brew with a faint smile.
Why dont you go into the living room and make yourself comfortable, she said. Let me do my thing in here.
He was reluctant to leave her. She knew he still hadnt made up his mind about whether to punish her for being late but she was heading in the right direction and so pressed on.
Go on, hon. You must be exhausted. I understand how hard you work.
I am tired, he admitted. The words just didnt seem to want to come today.
How much did you get done? Do you have any idea when youll be finished?
Jackson raised his face to her, head tilted to one side, his eyes narrowed. Are you giving me a deadline, Serenity?
No... No Of course not, she tripped over her words. But I know how frustrated you feel when you...
He was on his feet in an instant, his chair crashing to the floor behind him. His face pressed up against hers, breath hot against her skin. His thick fingers wrapped tight around her neck, squeezing. Her breath caught in her throat as his fingers dug painfully into her trachea, choking her.
Dont you fucking tell me what I feel!
He shoved her backward and she fell, crashing into their large, silver trashcan. Trash spilled out on the floor and the can hit the tiles with a reverberating clang . Pain shot up through her ribs, red hot spears of agony, and she instinctively curled up into the fetal position, her arms protecting her head.
Look what youve done, he spat, kicking at the spilled contents of the can. I hope youre going to clean this mess up.
Jackson snatched the beer bottle off the table and stalked out of the room. Within seconds, the roar of the television reached her ears; the rage built up inside of him now released. What shed said hadnt mattered; hed been itching for a fight. Even if shed stayed utterly silent, he still would have found some reason to hit her.
Despite the pain, part of her was relieved. Maybe now he wouldnt read the truth in her face? Maybe now he wouldnt see her secret?
Serenity rolled to her side, cheek pressed against the cold tiles. She stayed there for a moment, waiting for the pain to subside. Slowly, the initial stabbing pain dulled to a familiar ache. She squeezed her eyes shut and prepared for the fresh wave she knew would come as soon as she tried to move again.
I will leave him, she promised herself for the millionth time. I dont deserve this.
From out of nowhere, the strangers face rose in her mind and she remembered the feel of his touch. That was what she wanted. Someone who stirred such intense emotions, it made her gasp for breath, and not because hed inflicted pain. She cradled the hand her stranger had touched to her body and closed her eyes, recalling every sensation. Something welled up deep inside, a wave rolling through her body, wiping out the pain. Would she see him again?
Panic jolted through her at the idea that she might forget his face or how hed made her feel. Suddenly, remembering this man was more important than dealing with the abusive husband she remained terrified to walk away from.
Find me again, she whispered to the empty kitchen. 
Realizing she had spoken aloud, her cheeks flushed and she worried Jackson may have heard her above the television. How absurd to think the man would give her a second thought, never mind come looking for her. 
Feeling stupid, she carefully pushed to her knees and began to gather trashempty cans, an old cereal packet, a pizza boxtoward her. Tomato sauce and bits of pasta from last nights meal clung to the floor. Sauce stuck to her fingers and she wiped them on the seat of her pants in disgust. Like an old woman, she climbed to her feet, using the wall for support. She righted the big metal bin and proceeded to refill it.
I hope thats my dinner youre crashing about making, Jackson shouted from the living room.
Its coming, she managed weakly, but the coil of anger from earlier raised its head again and lashed its tail. Her body might be weak, but that didnt mean the woman inside had to be as well.
Things needed to change.

Serenity had been curled up in bed for an hour when she heard Jacksons heavy footsteps on the stairs. Her whole body tensed, but she forced her muscles to relax and made her breath steady and even, hoping Jackson would think she was asleep.
She listened as he went through his nightly routine in the bathroom; brushed his teeth, washed his face and took a leak. Jackson shed his clothes on his side of the bed. She would be the one to pick them up again in the morning as he slept on regardless.
He slid his warm body in beside her. She faced away from him and he pressed himself up against her back, fitting his knees into the back of hers. He wrapped an arm around her waist and nuzzled her neck.
Im so sorry, baby, he whispered into her hair. I love you so much. Why do you make me do these things to you?
A mixture of beer and toothpaste scented breath washed over her and the strange combination stoked the fire growing in her belly. She didnt want him anywhere near her.
Hey, Im sleeping, she said, trying to move away.
He grabbed her upper arm and he pulled her over to face him. Serenity tensed, her body hard and unwelcoming, but Jackson ignored the physical messages and kissed her face with frantic, hard pecks.
God, youre so beautiful, he told her.
Jackson, she said, pulling her face away from his. Not tonight. Im tired.
Shhh, he said and put his hand over her mouth, stopping her words. Her heart picked up a beat and she tried to twist away from him. He climbed on top of her, forcing his knee between her legs, pushing them apart.
Jackson... she protested, her voice muffled beneath his clammy palm. Stop it. The words came out sho-iik and he ignored her. She tried to clamp her legs back together, struggling against him.
I love you, he murmured, as though the three words could heal her wounds. You know how much I love you.
He took his hand off her mouth and grabbed hold of her right arm, pinning it behind her head. With more force, he shoved his knee back down, bruising the inside of her thighs.
Jackson! she shouted, fear tainting her voice. I said no. Get off me!
She tried to push him away, but the position he held her in, with one arm above her head and his whole body pinning her down, meant she couldnt move.
He kissed her again, forcing his mouth on hers, mashing her lips against her teeth. His free arm reached down toward her panties, trying to pull them aside.
Fear raced through her. Would he do it? Would he actually rape her? Jackson was free with his fists, but hed never stooped so low.
For fucks sake, Jackson, she yelled. Get the fuck off me!
For a moment, she thought shed got through to him, hed listened to her for once, but then she felt the unnatural way he lifted off her. 
Jackson flew away from her, leaving her half-naked and exposed on the bed. He soared backward through the air and crashed into the dresser on the far wall, opposite the end of their bed.
He hit the unit with a sickening crunch and slumped down to the floor, groaning.
Frightened, Serenity sat up, pulling the sheets around her.
Jackson? Tentatively, she called her husbands name and tugged the sheets tighter around her body. Adrenaline sent blood rushing through her ears, her eyes pricking with tears of fear. What the hell just happened?
She climbed off the bed, taking the sheets with her, and approached her spouse as she would a wounded wild animal. Jackson? Are you all right?
He groaned again and clutched at his lower back.
Serves you right, you fucking bastard, came a spiteful, bitter voice in her head.
Jacksons eyes flickered, the whites showing unnaturally bright. For a moment, Serenity thought he would pass out cold, but then he bolted upright, his eyes darting back and forth, scouring the bedroom.
Someone was in here, his voice broke. Someone grabbed me and pulled me off you.
She shook her head in confusion. Theres no one else in here, Jackson. Its only us.
Bravado deflated, his shoulders hunched, his eyes wide. He was as scared as her, but Serenity knew from experiencea scared animal was also a dangerous one.
No. Someone else was here, someone grabbed me. I felt his hands on me. I felt his cold, fucking hands on me!
Cold hands, she remembered. Cold hands and soft, pale skin.
No. It couldnt be possible! Nevertheless, Serenity found herself looking around the room, half-expecting to see her stranger materialize out of thin air. She caught herself. That was crazy. There was no way someone had gotten in and out of the room without either of them seeing.
Serenitys face betrayed her; her guilt flickered across her features.
 Who is he? Jackson demanded. Some guy youre screwing? Have you let another man in here?
Her eyes widened with fright, but again the strangers face appeared in her mind like a subliminal image on a television screen.
The memory made her pause too long and Jackson seized upon her silence.
You have! he said, incredulous, as though he never truly believed her capable of an affair, despite his constant accusations. You little whore! Youve been seeing someone else!
It wasnt a question anymore but a statement.
She shook her head, desperate. No, no, I havent I swear to you.
Jacksons injuries prevented him from leaping across the room and strangling her. A lump the size of an egg protruded from the back of his head. Reaching up, he tentatively touched the bump. He pulled his hand away, fingertips dark with blood. 
The sight of the blood threw him off his rant. She could always rely on Jackson to put his well-being ahead of everything else. I need to get to hospital, he said. Im hurt. You need to call an ambulance.
Serenity stared at the blood and a sliver of malice slipped down her throat. She wanted to tell him to suck it up. Hed given her far worse injuries and shed never been able to seek medical help. But years of silence werent broken in a day and she held her tongue.
Grateful to be out of Jacksons company, if only for a minute or two, she left the bedroom and ran downstairs. Crossing the living room to where the phone sat on a side table, she lifted the receiver and dialed 911. 
Whats your emergency? asked the tinny voice of the operator.
I need an ambulance.
Can you describe the incident, Maam?
My husbands had an accident in the bedroom, she said and a bark of hysterical laughter almost escaped her. She managed to clamp her mouth shut and the laugh came out as a strange, strangled cough. Images of Jackson in some weird perverted mess with a pair of handcuffs and a candlestick danced through her mind. Hysteria lurked perilously close to the surface but if she gave in, Jackson would kill her.
I was attacked, Jackson shouted, still finding the strength to try and control her actions. Tell them I need the police as well!
For once Serenity ignored him; she gave the operator their address and hung up. Taking a deep breath, she made her way back up to the bedroom.
Jackson, she said, sitting on the edge of the bed. She sounded authoritative, not like herself at all, and her tone made him look up. What are you planning to tell the police? That some invisible intruder attacked you? The first thing theyre going to ask is if youve been drinking, which you clearly have, and then theyll send you for psychiatric tests.
He opened his mouth to protest and shut it again.
Serenity knew hed been weakened by his injuries, but even this small victory lodged like a powerful rock inside her.
But she had to wonder, what did happen? Jackson didnt leap backward by himself and she couldnt ignore the shock on his face. Her husband hadnt jumped off voluntarily, but she was crazy to think the man shed met today had somehow saved her and then promptly disappeared.
She found her gaze drifting to the window where the full length drapes lifted and flapped in the breeze.
Something stirred within her; shouting that something wasnt right. She stared at the window, trying to figure out what nagged her.
Realization dawned.
They never slept with the window open. Jackson always complained about the amount of noise from the road, especially first thing in the morning when everyone else left to go to work or take their children to school. If there was a breeze, it meant the window was open.
Serenity got to her feet and pulled the sheets around her, most of them trailing out behind like the train of a wedding dress.
Serenity? Jackson called out, but she ignored him and continued to the window.
Goosebumps rose on her skin, prickling their way down her naked arms. With a shaking hand, she reached out and touched the thick, cream-colored fabric. Did someone hide behind them, the same someone who had helped her? She paused for a moment, taking a shallow, jittery breath, and then whipped back the drape.
The empty window stood ajar, looking down onto the street below. Serenity frowned and stepped forward, craning her neck to peer out into the night. No solitary figure stood in the street, yet someone must have used the window to enter and leave the room. Did they balance on the ledge, pull the window partially shut behind them, and jump?  
No, she shook her head. Impossible.
Just like its impossible how someone threw Jackson across the room without being seen.
Serenity? Jackson said again, irritation coloring his voice. His initial shock faded, he was waking up. Serenity, what the fuck are you doing? Get over here and help me up.
I should leave him there, she thought. I should step over him and walk out the door.
But what she should do and what she did do were two different things. Where would she go? She had no friends or family, and their bank balance would only buy her a couple of nights in a motel. Besides, he would find her. He would find her and he would make her sorry.
Ill know the right time to go.
For years, shed told herself something inside would tell her when the time was right to leave. She had no idea when that would be. Maybe she was making excuses to herselfa coward giving herself a get outbut that was how she felt.
Deep down, she hoped someone, somewhere, would find it in their heart to help her. She wasnt strong enough to walk out on her own.
Reluctantly, she helped her injured husband onto the bed.


Chapter Three


The ambulance took almost twenty minutes to arrive and by the time the sirens cut through the night air, Serenity stood outside her front gate waiting to usher them in.
She didnt care about her husbands state of health, but the longer they took, the more time there was for him to come out of his doped-up stupor and beat the living crap out of her. At least now an ambulance would be ready.
Two men jumped out of the vehicle, a younger one with short dark hair, and a slightly chunky man in his late forties. Serenity didnt speak,  just showed them up the stairs to the bedroom where Jackson lay on the bed.
What happened? the older of the paramedics asked.
Serenity glanced at Jackson, but he wouldnt meet her eye.
We were fooling around, he said, his voice dull. I slipped.
The two paramedics took in the sight of her wearing her bathrobe and Jackson in his shorts, and they shared a glance of their own. They would be drinking out on this one tonight. Serenity could hear their voices now, You shouldve seen the state of what this guys missus did to him! Must be an animal in bed!
Screw them, she thought. They dont know what theyre dealing with.
The older paramedic examined him. Doesnt look too bad, but we better take you in for observation. Chances are, youve got a concussion and will have a headache for a couple of days, but wed better be sure
Where are you taking him? she asked finally.
Good Sams, the hospital down on Wilshire Boulevard, he said. Its the closest one to here with an emergency room. He took her question as concern. Dont worry; you can ride in the back.
Jackson turned to her. Youll come with me, wont you, Baby? he asked, turning into a little boy when it suited him. You know how much I hate hospitals.
She forced a smile, Sure.

The ambulance moved silently down the freeway, not needing the siren since Jackson clearly wasnt about to die anytime soon.
Serenity sat on the narrow bench beside the gurney. The younger of the paramedics, Johnaccording to his name badgesat opposite her.
Jackson lay between them. Hed fallen into a heavy sleep and still managed to snore, despite the oxygen mask covering his nose and mouth.
Serenity rested her elbows on her knees and her chin in her hands. She had thrown on a sweater and a pair of jeans before they left, diminishing the scrutiny of the paramedics. Though she avoided the young paramedics eye he still attempted to make small talk, resulting in perfunctory one word answers. She didnt want to be rudeimpoliteness wasnt in her naturebut she couldnt discuss the weather or the latest Dodgers game when she had so much more on her mind.
With a loud thud, something landed on the roof and the ambulance swerved, pulling into another lane. Serenity lurched to one side as the vehicle fought against the control of the driver. Someone behind them blasted their horn.
What the..? John glanced up at the roof.
The driver got the ambulance back under control and shouted back, You guys all right? Ive no idea what that was!
A bird? Serenity suggested, thinking one of the big pelicans dropping out of the sky might cause such a big thump.
It didnt bounce, John said thoughtfully, half to himself. A bird would have bounced.
Whatever landed on the roof had been big, really big. If Serenity thought in the terms of an animal, it would have been closer to a Great Dane than a bird.
They both glanced back up at the roof of the ambulance. Was something still there? Perched, waiting? The interior of the rig seemed to have shrunk down to toy size. A chill ran down Serenitys back and she saw the paramedic shiver as well.
Not far now, John said, seeming to try to reassure himself as well as her.
She nodded, but said nothing.
Someone was there; both of them felt the presence.
Is it you?
She sent the thought out with every concentration of her soul. God, Im losing my mind. Why would a man be on the roof of the ambulance? How the hell would he even get there? She must be crazy to be having such thoughts. She probably waswhat with all the stress shed been underbut that didnt stop her believing.
They pulled into the unloading bay at the hospital. Jackson woke at the vehicles change of motion. He tried to roll over, discovered straps held him to the gurney, and went back to sleep.
Its the bump, John told her, mistaking her worried expression for concern. Its normal for him to want to sleep.
Serenity started to climb out of the ambulance, but instead of climbing down from the back, she stood up. Ignoring the paramedics look of surprise, she hooked her fingers over the edge of the roof and pulled herself up so her elbows took her weight.
Whatever had hit was no longer there but the metal was dented inward. No blood, or feathers, or even fur indicated an animal had landed on the roof, but she hadnt been looking for that, had she? Instead, she reached out a hand as best she could and traced her fingers across the indentations. 
Footprints? 
She dropped down to find John staring at her. Anything? he asked.
Serenity smiled and shook her head. Must have been a ghost, she said, wondering if she was so far from the truth.
The paramedics admitted Jackson and a couple of nurses transferred him to another gurney in a shared bay. Three other men occupied the space, ranging from an old man whose fragility was exposed as he slept, to a young guy, not far out of his teens, with tattooed sleeves covering both arms. He too slept, but in the zonked out way people did when they were either sleeping off an overdose of drink or drugs, or a combination of both.
Serenity could do nothing more. The woman at reception gave her a pile of paperwork on a clipboard to fill in and she hugged the board to her chest. She hoped her medical insurance was still valid and her work hadnt yet notified the company about her being fired. Hopefully, the claim would slip through the net, but if it didnt she was in even more trouble.
A heavy sigh escaped her and she stood up. The restaurant must still be open, despite the late hour. She desperately needed some caffeine.

Strips of long fluorescent lights lit up the cafeteria with a harsh, unnatural light. 
Blocks of tables and benches reminded Serenity of her school canteen, soulless and unloved. Behind the aluminum, heated display cabinet, a tired-looking woman in an apron gave her a half-hearted smile as she walked in. Floor to ceiling windows made up the far wall, giving a view out on a small patch of yard for the hospital residents. 
A lone figure sat in the corner of the restaurant, their face turned to the window. Above the persons head, the fluorescent strip light had blown, and the figure sat in partial darkness.
Serenitys heart caught in her chest. She didnt need light to know the persons identity. Even though she had only spent moments with him, she would recognize the breadth of his shoulders, the angle of his jaw and the curve of his forearms anywhere.
She stopped dead in the middle of the room. Blood rushed through her ears, thumping like horses hooves in her head. Adrenaline flowed like water; speeding up her heart, making her hands tremble.
Can I help you, love? the woman behind the counter called to her.
Serenity couldnt respond. She stood frozen. Part of her wanted to turn and run, the other part of her wanted to fall to her knees and weep, but she stared, inert.
Then he turned, his beautiful eyes focusing on hers, despite the gloom surrounding him, and she found herself able to walk again.
Are you okay? the woman asked. This time Serenity managed to give her a smile and nod of reassurance, but her eyes never left the man sitting by the window.
She walked toward him as though gliding on water. As she approached, he got to his feet.
What are you doing here? she tried to say, but her voice came out as a whisper.
Im visiting someone.
Oh? A family member? A friend?
Its good to see you again, he said, not answering her question.
Its strange seeing you again. Small world, I guess.
He gestured to the seat opposite him. Will you sit with me a while? Allow me to buy you a coffee?
The act seemed so normal in such surreal circumstances and she grasped onto the lifeline he presented.
Coffee, she repeated. Yes, coffee would be good.
He brushed past her as he headed to the counter, sending a thrill of goose bumps up her arm. She stood watching his broad back as he walked away, then she sat heavily, her legs weak.
He was here. God, he was here!
She didnt dare take her eyes off him, fearing he would turn out to be a figment of her over-stressed imagination. As he paid the woman behind the counter, he caught her watching and gave her a smile she wanted to pack up and take home.
He returned with two cups of thick, dark coffee. In her nervousness, she took a sip too quickly and burned her mouth.
Careful, he said with a smile, his green eyes lighting up. The coffees hot.
She couldnt help but smile back. Thanks, I think I figured that one out.
Your husband is here.
The sentence wasnt a question but she answered with a nod.
What happened? he asked.
He had a... accident. She glanced up at him. For reasons beyond understanding, an underlying current of truth ran beneath their words, but neither of them tapped into it.
The strangeness of the evening made her head hurt. She couldnt explain what had happened in her bedroom, but she remembered her initial reactionthe face of the man before her, flashing in her mind. 
What are you doing here? she asked again.
I needed to make sure you were all right.
His words made her heart race and the hairs on the back of her neck stand on end. He was here for her.
What happened to my husband? she asked, barely believing the words had left her mouth.
What happened to you?
She looked up, her eyes fierce. Answer the question!
His eyes grew dark under his furrowed brow. He pressed his lips together as though he had to control himself before answering. He didnt get anything he wasnt asking for. In my opinion, he got off lightly.
So it was you! Anger bubbled within her. Why ask me? Are you just another controlling man who likes to screw around with a womans head?
He sat back, astonished at her fury. Then he leaned forward and took her hand across the table. She caught her breath at the touch of his skin on hers and the anger melted away like a nights snowfall under the days first rays of sun. She saw worry in his face; in the creases at the corners of his eyes, in the lines between his eyebrows.
No, never, he said. I didnt know how much you had figured out for yourself. I didnt want to scare you.
Scare me? Its a bit late for that! she sat back, shaking her head. But how? How did you get into the bedroom? And the ambulance, that was you on the roof?
He nodded.
What are you? An acrobat, or a magician, or... She trailed off, at a loss for ideas. Something? she finished weakly.
Yeah, he lowered his head and a lock of thick black hair fell across his forehead. Something.
But how did you get in and out of the room without us seeing you?
I cant explain exactly. Try to think of it as a trick of the light, an optical illusion.
She wanted to press further, but she didnt want to scare him off. His presence was nothing short of a miracle and however hed managed to perform his tricks, hed kept her from being raped by her own husband.
He must have read her thoughts.
You could leave him now. Pack your bags and go.
The thought struck fear into her heart and she hated herself. He was right; she should have left Jackson years ago, but didnt have the courage. More things came into play than simply packing her bags because he was a bad husband. Things had happened in their marriage, some werent Jacksons fault, and she blamed herself for them. Part of her didnt blame Jackson for the beatings. Deep down, she felt like she deserved it.
I dont know how to, she admitted, her cheeks heating with shame. I dont know how to be alone.
Alone is all Ive ever been.
They looked up at each other and time stopped. Even though they sat in dim light, his features were more real to her than anything shed seen before. The gloom cast shadows across his face, making his pale skin jump out from the darkness and his eyes almost glowed. She wanted to reach out and touch the thick lashes framing his eyes, trace her finger along his jawbone, touch the fullness of his lower lip. 
How was it possible to want someone so badly when you knew nothing about them?
I will leave him, she said, her voice low. As soon as he is well again, Ill leave.
He dropped her hand.
Panic rose within her; she was being forced to make a decision she should have made years ago. I dont even know your name, she said, and youre asking me to leave my husband.
Im not asking you to leave your husband for me. I want you to do it for yourself.
He pushed back his chair and stood. For a moment, she thought he would touch her again, place his palm against her cheek. Heat spread from the centre of her chest, flooding down into her belly and coalescing between her legs. 
Instead, he took a step away.
I dont want you to choose because of me. What would you have done if I hadnt stopped your husband tonight? Would you have let him do what he wanted and then pretended nothing happened?
A lump formed in her throat and her eyes burned with tears. She would never admit it, but hed called her out. She would have done exactly as he claimed.
I cant save you, he said. Youre the only one who can do that. With those words burning in her ears, he turned and walked away 
Wait, she called out. Please, wait.
He ignored her and kept walking, disappearing through the doorway and into the corridor.
The moment he left the room, the blown light above her head flickered back to life. The tears welling in her eyes trickled down her cheeks and plopped onto the back of her hand.
Her coffee sat cold and untouched.

Chapter Four


For almost two hundred years, Sebastian Bandores survived alone. 
He sat on the flat roof of the hospital, tormented by thoughts of the dark-eyed woman. The night sky hung above, thick cloud blocking the stars. In front of him stood the hospitals emergency helipad, and beyond, the lights of the city shone. On any other night the beauty of the scene before him would block out all emotion but tonight the sight meant nothing.
The vampire stood and walked to the edge of the roof. A wall divided him from the multi-story drop below. He peered over the edge, watching the lights from the cars below move like a procession of tiny fireflies. The height didnt affect him. Sebastian had no reason to fear the drop. If he jumped now, just stepped off the roof, he would be all right. He wouldnt hit like a normal person; instead, his body would brace, his legs would take the impact and he would land, cat-like, and unharmed.
Nothing could harm him. He was invincible, immortal.
At least hed believed as much until the dark-haired woman caught his attention; running through the streets, long hair streaming behind, her eyes so haunted he imagined some terrible, invisible entity chased her.
Sebastian had never been involved with a human before, not since his own human life ended. What was so different about this one? Was it that the desperate, haunted look in her eyes was so similar to the one surely present in his? 
Shed seemed trapped, as if whatever tragedy she carried would always be a part of her.
Sebastian understood; the pain he carried forged what he was today. He would never escape what he had become.
He told himself he followed to be sure of her safety. He told himself she might have children and a loving husband waiting for her, but Sebastian knew that wasnt true. What woman ran so with such desperation through the busy streets of LA and had a happy home?
So he followed and saw her hand shaking as she put the key in the lock. He smelled the fear as she walked into the house. By then, he couldnt bring himself to leave, couldnt bring himself to walk away.
So he stayed, waited and watched.
When her husband grabbed her by the neck and threw her to the floor, Sebastian fought to not leap through the window and rip the mans throat out. Only his desire not to interfere with her life held him back.
But still, he didnt leave.
Sebastian wanted to know this woman. He needed to discover who she was, what drove her. 
He couldnt understand why she stayed with the abusive scum, what prevented her from packing her bags and leaving. Sadness radiated from her. If she was so unhappy, why not do something about it?
Sebastian hadnt been given a choice of how his own destiny would unfold. The choice had been taken away by someone who thought it all right to be possessive, to take what they wanted at any cost, to own another person.
He wouldnt do that to her.
Guilt had weighed heavily upon him as he watched her change for bed. Hed been unable to tear his eyes away when she slipped out of her jeans, exposing her long, bare legs. She stood with her back to the window, her arms raised up and pulling her sweater over her head. Her long hair caught in the material before falling in a cascade around her shoulders. Reaching behind, she unhooked the clasps of her bra, revealing her naked back, a long line ending in a simple pair of white cotton panties and the gentle swell of her bottom.
How badly he had wanted to reach out and touch her skin. To lay his head against her chest; feel her warmth and the thud of her heartbeat beneath his ear. The longing gripped him like an addiction and he thought he might lose himself in it; hell, he wanted to lose himself in it. He craved, just for a moment, to forget his nature.
Such desire and need for her.
The only thing he had ever desired so strongly was blood.
Sebastian had watched her husband come to bed and force himself upon her. He watched as she begged him to stop and her pleas were ignored.
Then he could watch no longer.
After two hundred years, he moved beyond the capability of the human eye. Rage descended like a red haze across his vision and he no longer wanted to control it.
He wanted to kill this man, make him pay for harming her, but forced himself to stop.
If he killed her husband, he would only be doing what had been done to him. He would be taking away her choices. By injuring her spouse, hed hoped the balance of power would shift to her, giving her the strength to leave.
Sebastian had been naive to think she would choose to escape. God, the word naive made him laugh. To think that even after two hundred years he could still be such a thing.
Hed meant it when he told her he wasnt asking her to leave for him. Their being together was impossible, but it didnt stop him wanting her to be happy. To go through each day knowing some creep tormented her while he remained helpless to do anything, filled him with fury and made his heart ache in some inexplicable way. 
Many years had passed since hed last felt this way. He thought the part of him that knew how to love had died along with his humanity.
Torn between going back to make her change her mind, and leaving for good, he hesitated on the precipice
He needed to leave. The only one who could save her was herself. 
Sebastian walked the circumference of the roof until he faced the opposite building.
The vampire lifted his face to the night sky.
Blood hung on the air tonight.
Another of his kind hunted in the city; maybe more than one. Sebastian grew uneasy. Vampires were uncommon and, like other large predators, hunted alone. Their solitary nature made them unnoticeable. Los Angeles was his city; he didnt need, or want, another of his own moving in on his territory.
Without another thought, he leaped into the night, one leg outstretched, arms raised. He soared through the air, relishing the moment of weightlessness before hitting the concrete roof at a run. The impact jarred his bones, muscles tightened to breaking point, but he felt no pain.
He moved stealthily, leaping from building to building, heading home. If he stayed anywhere near her, he would go back.
Sebastian owned a house in the hills; a luxurious, eight bedroom mansion with a pool and an acre of grounds. He never had any trouble procuring money; rich peopleespecially those who had grown rich doing something they shouldntleft huge amounts of cash in their homes and never reported it stolen. Of course, a few centuries ago acquiring property had been an easier process.  Simply knocking on the owners door and offering a disgusting sum of money had sealed the deal. Now he had to deal with identity theft and fraud. Luckily, hed purchased his house before celebrities decided the hills were the place to live. At least many of those celebrities kept the same schedule he did. 
Los Angeles was one place where night-living went completely unnoticed.

Chapter Five


Serenity lay in bed, fully clothed, waiting for him to come to her.
The nurse at the hospital sent her away from Jacksons bedside, saying she would be better off at home. She would be more use to her husband by getting some rest.
Sleep, however, eluded her. 
An unread book lay discarded at her side and the bedside lamp cast a warm glow across her pillow. 
The bedroom window stood wide open. The nights air hung thick and muggy around her. Jackson always hated to sleep with the window open, so why not? Doing so defied Jackson; at least so she told herself. Serenity refused to admit the real reason for lying in bed with her clothes on at two-thirty in the morning. She ignored how every fiber of her soul listened for her stranger; every tiny creak, scratch, or thump making her leap out of her skin and sit up in anticipation. Her whole body ached for him and the open window invited his presence.
Didnt she think it strange how she didnt listen for the doorbell instead? She didnt want to face the obvious questions, like how he knew where she lived and why hed been in her house? To any outsider, wouldnt this man look like a stalker?
Serenity sighed and rolled over, resting her hand beneath her cheek. What was wrong with her? A married woman shouldnt act this way. No matter how bad the marriage, shed made a promise when taking her vows, one she had intended to keep.
What about him? a voice whispered in her head. What about Jacksons vows? Do you think he cares about them when hes smacking you around?
Serenity clung to the hope that she stayed because she might still love a part of Jackson. If things were good, he made her feel like the most special person in the world, but a long time had passed since hed instilled such emotions in her. 
When she first met Jackson, Serenity thought he was the solution to her problems.  Shed been desperate to get out from under her stepfathers roof and Jackson had told her all she wanted to hear; she was beautiful and he would take care of her. So she moved out from one mans roof and straight under anothers. At first, everything had been great. He hadnt laid a finger on her until nearly a year after their wedding day.
The first time happened shortly after their first miscarriage. They had been so excited about the baby, but then she woke up one morning with blood in her underweartoo much bloodand a visit to the doctor confirmed their worst fear, she had lost the baby.
The physician told them miscarriage was normal and gave them some worryingly high statistic how one in every five pregnancies miscarried before twelve weeks. He said losing the baby wasnt her fault; she couldnt have done anything to cause or prevent it. Of course, his reassurances didnt make her feel any better and she replayed the last few weeks over in her mind. Did she lift something heavy? Did she accidently eat something with raw egg?
Serenity kept blaming herself and saw the accusations in Jacksons eyes. Ruining one of their pans while cooking dinner was enough of an excuse for him to take his loss out on her.
Afterward, hed been so apologetic. They cried in each others arms and he promised it would never happen again. Except she would hear those words over and over.
Then she fell pregnant a second time and, once again, lost the baby. With the next she managed to reach twenty weeks gestation but, at their twenty-week scan, the technicians were unable to locate a heartbeat. That one had been the worst. She gave birth to the child, an impossibly tiny, doll-like baby her body had killed. 
The next time she became pregnant, Serenity couldnt even bring herself to tell Jackson. When she lost that one at eight weeks, she sobbed in private and tried to act like nothing was wrong.
Her life had no meaning. Incapable of nurturing a child inside of her, what was the point in her existence? Her body killed her babies; as though she was poisonous, toxic. Serenity hated herself.
Consequently, the beatings she received on a regular basis were nothing less than she deserved. She couldnt blame Jackson for hating her. After all, her body denied him a family. She wondered, if they had children, would their lives be different?
Would she still love her husband? Would he love her or continue to hurt her? 
So now she lay in her marital bed, with her husband in the hospital, praying another man would come to her.
Serenitys emotions churned; a guilty, sick feeling, with a spark of something elsehope? 
You dont even know his name.
Almost imperceptibly, the air moved around her, a tiny change in the molecules, like the air right before thunder rolled across the sky. She held her breath, too scared to turn around in case she had imagined things, but knew she must.
He stood framed in her bedroom window wearing the same long overcoat she first saw him in. His shock of dark hair set off his serious green eyes. The hard set of his jaw erased the usual playful teasing expression he wore. 
Even though she had expected to see him, the sight of another man in her bedroom shocked her and she pulled the sheets closer, as though they might protect her.
Serenity dared to speak. What are you doing here? She wanted to be brave, but the shakiness in her voice betrayed her fragile state. You cant just come barging into my bedroom in the middle of the night. Do you have any idea how creepy that is?
For a moment, he didnt answer. Did his stern expression mean he was still angry? But then he smiled and took a step toward her. 
I couldnt stay away, he said.
Dont you like to use the front door?
He smiled again, glancing at the floor, as though hiding a joke from her. Im sorry, youre right. I should have used the door. Sometimes I forget these things.
He gestured to the end of her bed, May I?
Serenity looked at the empty space, the sheets smooth and undisturbed, and nodded.
She couldnt tear her eyes from him as he crossed the room with an unworldly grace. He sat down beside her, his weight creating a dip in the mattress.
His presence was so intense and took up more physical space than normal people. The overcoat he wore stretched across broad shoulders. His hands, large and inviting, lay folded in his lap. Beautiful and intense, his face betrayed nothing. 
She wanted to grab hold of him and never let go. 
Whats going on here? she asked in a hushed voice. She was scared, both of the stranger who had suddenly appeared in her room, and of her husband finding out. Though her common sense told her Jackson lay in the hospital, miles away, the fear continued unabated. Would he somehow sense another man had been in their bedroom, or would her stranger leave something for her husband to find?
You need to explain whats happening? she said.
Her fears amounted to nothing in this mans presence. Nothing existed except for him. Intensely aware of the space between them, she longed to close it. She wanted to reached out and touch him, explore every arch and curve of his skin with her fingertips.
What part should I explain? he said. Who I am, or why Im here?
Everything. I need to know all of it.
Im not sure I can.
Serenity lifted her eyes to his, her lower lip trembling. I dont believe you. Youre hiding something from me.
He pressed his lips together. Ive never done this before. I dont know where to begin.
At least tell me your name.
He smiled. I can do that much, he said, and then, as though they were being introduced at a formal party, held out his hand. Sebastian, he said. Sebastian Bandores.
She smiled back and took his hand. His fingers were cool from the night, but she didnt drop his hand; she didnt ever want to let go.
Serenity, she told him. My name is Serenity.
I am honored to meet you, Serenity.
Your accent? she asked. You arent from here, Los Angeles.
He laughed. I cannot believe I still have an accent. I was born in Spain, but I have spent many, many years in America.
Serenity took the nugget of information and stored it inside her heart.
And what about your name? Serenity, he said her name slowly and carefully, as though tasting each syllable. Unusual, but beautiful.
She shrugged and glanced away, unable to take the compliment. My mother was a modern hippie, she said, by way of explanation. The kind that liked to interpret free love as being a slut, and smoking weed as taking and drinking whatever the hell she could get her hands on.
 Serenity couldnt hide the bitterness in her voice.
What happened to her? he asked.
Drug overdose when I was fourteen. She went to a friends house for a party and I never saw her again.
Im so sorry, he told her. What about your father?
Again, she shrugged. I never knew who he was. I dont think my mother did either. After she died, my stepfather took charge of me, but I was nothing more than a housekeeper to him. He was free and easy with his fists if I didnt do things exactly the way he liked. I counted myself lucky he didnt want anything else other than cooking and cleaning from me.
Sebastian shook his head. Im sorry.
Youve got nothing to be sorry for.
He reached out and touched her thick, dark hair. Her curls ran through his fingers like silk. You have no idea how beautiful you are?
She turned her face away, embarrassed. Serenity had never seen herself as beautiful.
My husband will be out of the hospital tomorrow. Mentioning him filled her with embarrassment, though Sebastian already knew she was married. I cant stand the thought of spending another day with him.
Then you understand what must be done.
Adrenaline surged up inside her; the thought of leaving more petrifying than anything she had ever done. Taking years more of beatings terrified her less.
He reached out, fingertips barely brushing the soft skin of her cheek.
Take me with you! She threw out the request, a crazy appeal to someone who was little more than a stranger.
I cant. You have no idea what youre saying.
Tears filled her eyes. I dont care. You must want me, too. Why else would you be here?
I wanted to make sure you were all right.
Stop saying that! Im not all right! Tears flowed down her cheeks. Isnt that obvious? Im so fucking far from all right I dont even know what it means anymore.
Whatever youre doing with your life, it cant be worse than the hell I live in.
Angrily, she wiped at the tears and stared at him in amazement. Then enlighten me? Explain why you came here, yet youre willing to let me go back to my old life?
He looked away, unable to meet her gaze. Its impossible. I will never make you happy and however bad your life seems now, it can be worse.
Why? Are you married?
He laugheda small, cold, frightening sound.
I want to take you with me, Serenity. I want it more than anything but, the damage I would cause is much worse than anything he ever managed.
So let me make the choice! she begged. If you want me, she moved closer, closing the gap, the air between them crackling. You must let me make the choice.
She sensed him wavering for a moment, a second of indecision, and then he pulled away. I wont, he said. I cant.
He stood up and stepped back, taking with him time, space, and everything between. 
Sebastian disappeared.
No! she yelled at the empty room. Throwing back the sheets, she leapt to her feet. Come back! Please come back.
The room was empty, the drapes flapping in the breeze, as if hed never been there.
 Serenity fell to her knees, sobbing, from shock, partly. The rest of her hurt, mourned the loss of him. How could he come into her life and leave again so quickly?
Who was he? 
They hadnt so much as kissed and already he held her heart in his hands. The thought of straying from her marriage never crossed her mind before, no matter how bad things got. Of course, shed thought of leaving Jackson. What sane woman wouldnt? Never for another man, though. No one else had so much as caught her eye. 
Sebastian. His name whispered through her mind like a caress. This whole thing was crazy. She needed to get a grip.
After all, wasnt she ignoring the obvious? How did he move like that? To be in one place and then suddenly, no longer be there? People didnt do that. Not without a stage and props and a whole heap of people backstage helping make the illusion work. Tricks were the only explanation; a combination of smoke and mirrors and distraction, not real magic. 
Did Sebastian disappear in such a way using tricks? Or was Serenity admitting she believed in magic?
She laughed into the empty room and clamped a hand over her mouth.
The laugh, too close to the hilarity of a crazy person, scared her.
Crazy
The idea flickered in her mind, a dangerous flame lighting a fire of self-doubt. Perhaps Sebastian didnt even exist? Maybe her sick mind conjured up his strange way of moving and her obsessive attraction to him?
Her heart tripped a beat. She didnt want to go there, but her mind pulled the idea closer. She thought back to times shed seen him. Had anyone else been present? Had she witnessed him interacting with another person?
With relief, she remembered the woman in the hospital canteen. He had spoken to her and she took money from him. Serenity knew she hadnt imagined the woman. Then she remembered the coffee he bought and how it burned her mouth. She hadnt imagined that, had she?
Suddenly exhausted, Serenity tugged her sweater over her head and pulled off her jeans. She dropped the clothes over the edge of the bed and slid under the covers. The sheets were smooth and cool against her skin and she sank into the mattress with pleasure. Her bedroom window stood wide open, the drapes pulled back. A light breeze swirled around the room, gently lifting the material. She knew the morning light would wake her, but she was too tired to get out of bed to close them.
At least tomorrow she wouldnt have to worry about Jackson questioning her about work or calling her there. She would tell him they gave her an emergency family day to take care of him. He would believe the excuse and it would buy her another day.
Another day to figure out what the hell was going on with her life.
Serenity reached out and flicked the switch on the bedside lamp. The room plunged into darkness and she quickly fell into a deep, troubled sleep.

Chapter Six


The sound of a bell ringing dragged Serenity from a deep sleep. She tried to ignore it but the insistent jingle forced her awake. She opened her eyes, heavy-headed and disoriented, trying to figure out where the sound came from.
The telephone.
Sebastian! The thought got her moving. Not even pausing to pull on any clothes, she scrambled out of bed and raced down the stairs, praying the phone wouldnt ring off. She ran bare footed across the carpet and into the living room, crossed to the telephone and snatched up the receiver.
Hello? she said. Her voice came out thick with sleep and breathless from the brief sprint.
Serenity?
Her heart dropped with disappointment. The voice didnt belong to Sebastian but to her ex-boss.
Yes, Peter, she cleared her throat. Im here.
Im sorry to call you so early, his voice came through the receiver, not sounding the slightest bit apologetic. Serenity flicked a glance at the clock on the DVD player. Almost eight-thirty.
Im glad I caught you before you went out, he continued.
I dont have anywhere to go now, Peter, she reminded him. You made sure of that.
There was an uncomfortable silence from the other end and a smiled touched her lips, pleased shed made him feel awkward.
I take it youre not calling to offer me my job back.
Im sorry, Serenity, office protocol. You were on your third warning.
Fuck your protocol, she wanted to say, but held her tongue.
What can I do for you, Peter? she said instead. Im assuming this isnt a courtesy call.
I need you to come in and clear your desk out. You left some things.
Throw them out, she told him. She didnt care about the photograph, box of tissues and hand cream on her desk.
We cant do that. Its office...
Protocol, she finished for him. How did I guess?
He sighed as if she was the one putting him out. If hed been in the room with her, she would have throttled him for the sound.
Just come in when you can, he finished.
Serenity hung up the phone without bothering to say goodbye. As if she didnt have enough on her plate. She wanted to ignore the request, but didnt want him calling back when Jackson was home. She didnt want to imagine how that conversation would go.
Her legs gave way and she sank down on the sofa. She didnt normally sleep so late. Usually shed be well on her way to work by now and Jackson would be the one sitting on the couch, but the late night had taken its toll. She needed to get to the hospital. Hopefully Jackson had taken a turn for the worse during the night and the doctors had decided to keep him in a bit longer.
Guilt jarred through her at the thought. When had she become such a bitter person?
Hes done that to you. Made you what you are today.
Except that wasnt the whole truth. Jackson had certainly played his part, but shed been dealt many bad cards in her life. Her husband was simply the latest. Feeling sorry for herself didnt help anyone. Shed rather be stronger, a better person than shed become.
Sebastian made her want that.
Serenity forced herself to her feet and climbed the stairs to the bathroom. She needed to go to the office and pick up her things before collecting Jackson from the hospital.
In the bathroom, she turned on the shower faucet. Water gushed into the tub, spraying her with a cold fine mist. The boiler kicked into life and the water warmed until steam clouded the room. She slipped out of her underwear and stood naked in front of the mirror.
Steam covered the glass, her reflection a distorted blob. She wiped her palm across the mirror causing beads of condensation to run down the surface. Her reflection peered back; unworthy and untrusting. Serenity didnt think she was ugly, not on the outside. Inwardly, she felt like a failure. She couldnt see what drew Sebastian, though she couldnt deny the attraction. The possibility that he saw something in her made Serenity pause and look at herself in a way shed never been able to before.
Was it possible for her to have another life? Did she deserve something more than this?
She stepped into the shower, wincing as the hot water hit her skin. Her body adjusted to the heat and she immersed herself in the water like a baptism.
Sebastian, Sebastian, Sebastian.
She ran his name over and over in her mind as scalding water coursed down her body. Steam filled the room and she inhaled, cleansing her lungs. Serenity picked up the soap and ran the bar over her skin, across her flat stomach, across her pubic bone. A tremor of excitement shuddered deep at her core, in a part she thought long dead. She couldnt remember any time in her adult life where she had physically wanted a man, yet now she imagined her hand was his, her touch belonged to him. Thoughts of Sebastian consumed her.
Too aware of time passing, Serenity forced herself from the warm comfort of the water.
She stepped from the shower, her skin flushed with desire. She wished he was there, taking her in his arms, kissing her, slipping his fingers into her most intimate parts.
The guilt rushed back, but with it came surprise. Serenity endured sex. Now, she wanted, even anticipated it. She couldnt remember ever wanting someone, but the thought of Sebastian touching her sent thrills racing through her.
Forcing thoughts of Sebastian from her mind, Serenity went into her bedroom and dressed in her usual outfit of jeans and a sweater. On top of the dresser, her S necklace nestled in a small dish. She picked the chain up between her fingertips and carefully hooked the silver around her throat. The necklace slipped beneath the collar of her sweater. The jewelry against her skin comforted her. The last memento of her old life, the only thing her mother had ever given her, and as much as she wanted to hate the woman, Serenity found it impossible to let go of the past.

Looking up at her old office building, Serenity felt a pang of regret. She had liked her job; even been good at it, when shed been there. Her position included taking care of the engineering companys payroll and overtime. She coordinated who covered should someone call in sick on a major job. Though a predominantly male environment, the situation suited Serenity just fine. She knew all men werent like Jackson. If she worked with women, they would want to know about her; ask questions about her life, her husband, the things she liked to do. Invitations for drinks would come, worse, requests for her and Jackson to come to dinner. Instead, Serenity kept herself to herself, and the men allowed her aloof behavior. They thought her standoffish, probably called her a bitch behind her back, but she didnt care. 
Serenity enjoyed the projects she assisted with, even if she didnt have much to do with the actual building. She found it interesting to talk to the engineers about the reasons they chose certain materials for certain buildings, why they used a particular joint or strut. There was science and mathematics to the work, a precision. The beauty of a building didnt draw her; she loved the stability and predictability a great design brought.
When she allowed herself to dream, she imagined herself an architect in another life.
Serenity took a breath and walked through the revolving glass door. From the lobby, she rode the elevator twelve floors up to her old department.
The company secretary, Elise, was talking on the phone as she walked in. Elise glanced up as Serenity passed and gave a tight lipped smile of distant sympathy. Serenity forced herself to smile back, but made no plans to hang around and chat.
Instead, she headed straight to her old desk. Someone had left a cardboard box on the surface and she put the few items remaining on her desk inside. 
Peter, her old boss, came out of his private office.
I didnt think youd want to come and say goodbye, she said without bothering to look up.
Peter perched himself on the edge of the desk and folded his arms across his chest. Reluctantly, Serenity put down the photograph she held and straightened.
He sighed. I know its probably not my place but I wanted to ask if I could do anything to help.
Genuine concern haunted his eyes, but the words stabbed deep inside of her. She hated the thought of people knowing about her home life, but mainly she was angry. The man had the nerve to poke his nose into her business when he was the one whod fired her.
Whats wrong, Peter? Guilty conscience? she said, her voice sharp.
I... I thought ... but he didnt finish his sentence. He sighed again and ran a hand through his thinning hair. Just take care of yourself, he finished.
She tilted her head to one side, her eyebrows raised. Of course, she said. No one else will. 
 Are you all right? he asked scrutinizing her, his eyes narrowed. Theres something different about you.
She forced a smile, Im fine, she said. Im good.
Serenity threw the few items from her desk in the box and left. 
A silver-framed photograph of her and Jackson on vacation sat in the top of the box. Taken in the early days, the photograph had captured her young and glowing, her nose pink from the sun. The vacation to Florida had been the first shed ever taken and she remembered being happy for the first time in years.  
The girl in the photo didnt exist anymore; she had been broken and couldnt be fixed.
Serenity took one last look at the picture and then let it fall from her fingers into a trash can on the side of the street. Without a second thought, she tipped the rest of her things in and stuffed the cardboard box on top of them for good measure.
She wiped her hands on the seat of her jeans and a strange wave of pride washed over her. Peter was right. Something was different about her.
With a lighter step, Serenity trekked back across town. The whole time she searched for Sebastian, hoping to see him. His face reflected in every tall man with dark hair. Her stomach leapt in expectation at every turn, but she was always disappointed.
By the time she reached the hospital, her positivity had seeped away. She was tired and fed up. Whether from the disappointment of not seeing Sebastian again, or the prospect of taking Jackson home, she didnt know, or care.
Why hadnt she seen Sebastian again?  Was he angry with her for not leaving Jackson? Her emotions churned. If she really loved this man, why hadnt she done exactly that?
Love?
Could she love him; a man she barely knew? What did she need to know? What made you fall in love with someone? Just because you knew their favorite food was steak or they had seen The Great Escape fourteen times, didnt make you love them. How they made you feel must be more important. She loved each and every one of her unborn babies. They never had the chance to have a favorite food, or color, or song, but she didnt love them any less.
Serenity didnt understand her reasons for staying with Jackson; she should have done exactly what Sebastian said and packed her bags. Instead, she held onto the guilt that she deserved everything she gotor maybe the guilt held onto her?
Arriving at the hospital, she headed straight up to Jacksons ward. She was late and the old nervous butterflies fluttered in her stomach, certain he would punish her for her tardiness. 
From the doorway of the ward, she could see Jackson lying in bed, his eyes closed. A white bandage was taped down to the back of his head and a silver bedpan rested on top of the covers, held loosely between his fingers.
Her heart gave an evil little leap for joy. Her prayers about him taking a turn for the worse must have come true. She chewed her lip as she approached him. He sensed her arrival and opened his eyes.
He squinted. Where have you been? he said in the Im so ill and weak voice he saved for when he wanted sympathy.
The sound made her want to scream, but she forced a smile. Sorry. I needed to go into work and get a couple of things done. But Im free now to take care of you.
Jackson grunted and flailed his hand around on the bedside table, trying to find his glasses. Eventually his fingertips touched the frames and he hooked the glasses up and slid them onto his face.
That old bastard of a boss didnt give you a hard time, did he? he grunted. I dont want to go and have words with him about how hes treating my wife.
She gave a small, unnatural laugh. Dont be silly.
Good. With exaggerated effort, he pushed himself to sitting and glanced at her empty hands. Havent you brought me anything? Where are my magazines? Where the fuck are my grapes?
Embarrassed at his language, Serenity glanced around, making sure no one else heard.
I didnt think to bring anything. I thought you would be coming home today.
Jackson grunted again and lowered himself back down onto his pillows. I started getting sick during the night and then my vision went blurry. The doctors suggested I stay in another night.
Oh, I see. She tried not to let her joy at the thought of another night without him, and a possible night with Sebastian, show. Shall I go down to the shop? Get you what you wanted?
Whats the matter? Its like you cant get away quick enough, he complained, but then went on to give her a list.
She made her way down to the shop, bought him magazines, a couple of packets of chips and a coke. For a man whod been throwing up, he was certainly craving some junk food. She wondered how much of his nausea and blurred vision was because of a concussion or if his hangover had kicked in.
Reluctantly, she went back up to the ward.
Read it to me, Jackson said, pawing at the magazine.
She resisted the impulse to roll it up and hit him.
The rest of the afternoon was spent reading to her husband and running around for him. Serenity found herself repeatedly glancing at the clock, hoping Jackson wouldnt notice.
Just before five, a nurse came around to advise visiting hours were over and Serenity should let Jackson get some rest. Serenity was only too eager to have an excuse to leave.
She leaned down to kiss Jackson on the cheek but, before she had the chance, he reached out and grabbed her face between his thumb and forefinger. Squeezing her cheeks painfully, Jackson forced her mouth against his.
Serenity held her breath while he kissed her, not wanting to smell the old alcohol and potato chips on his breath. Finally, he let her go.
Just wanted to make sure you wont forget me, he said, smacking her on the rear as she made her exit.
I could never forget you, she said, her voice cold. And she walked away.


Chapter Seven


Serenity walked out of the hospital and found Sebastian sitting on a low wall in the ambulance bay.
He sat with his arms resting on his knees, his foot bothering an old cigarette butt on the tarmac.  A smile broke out on her face. He wasnt yet aware of her presence and she drank in the sight of him. He was dressed in a light grey suit and a strand of his dark hair fell over his forehead. Even in the failing light, he took her breath away and for the thousandth time she wondered what the hell he saw in her.
The ever present guilt reared its ugly head. How could she look at another man when her husband lay in a hospital bed in the building behind her?
The guilt didnt stop her from approaching.
No appearing in bedrooms today? she said as she walked up to him. No more doorways to disappear through?
He glanced up with a grin, the low light catching in his green eyes. No, thought I would travel the old fashioned way today and catch the bus.
She laughed; a foreign sound for her. Why do I find it hard to picture you on public transit?
Okay, I lied. I walked.
Jacksons presence in the ward behind burned into her back. Knowing he might look out of a window or walk out at any moment to find her talking to Sebastian terrified her. She wanted to get away from the hospital.
Suddenly, she realized she could do just that. She could leave with Sebastian and no one would be any wiser.
A sense of freedom washed over her. She always had to report to Jackson exactly where she was and when shed be back. The lack of restrictions almost overwhelmed her and her head spun as though she were drunk from it. 
She could do whatever she wanted.
What if he calls you at home?
The thought struck fear into her heart, but she refused to let the possibility drag her down. If he asked where shed been she would think of something; shed been vacuuming and hadnt heard the phone ringing. For once in her life, Serenity decided she didnt care. He would probably beat her when he got home anyway, just to make up for the couple of days he had missed. She couldnt escape from that.
Sebastian must have seen her face pale. Are you all right? 
She shook herself, pushing away any thoughts of Jackson.
Yes, Im fine, she said, looking up at him. Are you here visiting your mysterious friend again, because visiting times are over?
He grinned. No. I came to see you.
She couldnt help the buzz of excitement coursing through her.
Can we go somewhere, she said, her joy at having him with her overwhelming any shyness. Somewhere special to me?
Id like that. Where are we going?
Youll have to wait and see.
He stood and swept his hand forward. Lead the way.
They walked from the hospital grounds together, leaving the sirens and the sickness behind. With each step taking her further from Jackson, Serenitys heart lifted a little more. She kept checking for Sebastian beside her, that he hadnt disappeared on her again or she wasnt hallucinating the whole thing. 
They strolled side by side, their fingers touching, and the backs of their hands brushing together.
The walk was long but neither of them minded. As the late afternoon bled into evening and the last of the light fell out of the sky, they headed down through the suburbs, toward the ocean. Serenity didnt feel the ache in her legs from the long walk. The pain in her back, which normally gave her such trouble, had all but disappeared. 
They headed down a hill; the expensive houses of Santa Monica framed them on both sides of the wide street. A soft glow lit the houses as families went about their evening routines. Above them, street lamps flickered to life.
Finally, a view of the sea rewarded their long walk. The ocean stretched out ahead, a black expanse of water punctuated by the occasional light from a ship or small sailing boat in the distance. The white sand of the empty beach glowed under the moonlight.
Ahead stood the pier, each side lit with a myriad of colored light bulbs suspended from wires. On the right side, restaurants served the tourists. Beside them an arcade house, with its ten-cent slots and flashing fruit machines beckoned the sightseers. A childrens carousel with colorful elephants instead of horses, went around and around. Beside the carousel, a stand sold popcorn and cotton candy, the sweet aroma drifting over, tempting them in.
Serenity knew the far end of the pier had been closed off while reinforcements were carried out on the struts. Her old company had won the tender for the work and she was disappointed she wouldnt be able to see the job through to the end. In a few days, the rest of the pier would be closed off and as far as Serenity knew, it would remain closed for the rest of the winter.
She hoped her dismissal wouldnt spoil her feelings about this place. She hated that something bad was now linked to the one place she had always felt good.
Come on, she said, suddenly excited. I can never resist the smell.
Serenity grabbed his hand. The coolness of his skin raced through her fingers and up through her palm as she pulled him along eagerly. Distracted by the place she loved, she barely noticed his frigid temperature. Sebastian laughed as she dragged behind her.
She pulled him up to the stand, the tangy, savory scent of hot dogs and mustard making her stomach rumble but she only wanted one thing from the stand.
Paying the man behind the counter, she turned back to Sebastian.
It doesnt even look like food, she laughed, holding up the large plastic bag. More like house insulation!
He looked at her with a mixture of amusement and curiosity. Serenity fished a piece of candy floss from the bag and put the sweet in her mouth, suddenly self-conscious.
The pink spun sugar dissolved like sugary sand, melting from cotton wool into nothing but an overwhelming sweetness.
It was the taste of childhood, of the times she remembered being happy.
Here, she said, holding some of the cotton candy up to his mouth. The fluffy pink turned dark and hard around her fingers. He shook his head and gently pushed her hand away.
No, thanks. Im not a fan of sweet things.
Oh, right, she said, faintly embarrassed, and popped the candy between her lips. 
So why do you like the pier so much? he asked.
She feigned shock. What do you mean? Isnt it obvious?
He shrugged.
Okay, okay, she continued. How can you not be happy here? Everything about the place is aimed at making people happy.
This was what she told him. The truth was, she found escapism in the bright lights, the tourists, fake frivolity. The structure of the pier spoke to her with the way it jutted out from the land, suspended over the water. She felt the same, not quite joined to the rest of the real world, never actually heading anywhere.
And you were happy here once? he asked her.
Yes, I was.
They walked toward the end of the pier, to where a tall wire enclosure had been erected, fencing them off from the reinforcements. They stood together in front of the wire, peering through at the huge machineryflat-bed trucks, borers, cement mixersall brought in for the job.
This is as far as we can go, she said. In her heart Serenity knew she wasnt just talking about the barrier. Whatever was happening between them, it couldnt go anywhere. If she tried to leave Jackson, he would kill her. She knew people existed; organizations who thought they would be able to protect her, but they were wrong. They didnt know Jackson, how he fooled people. He seemed harmless. No one would ever believe what he did to her and his charm would be the key to finding her again. He would smooth talk some unsuspecting person and they would point her right out to him. It was the lost little boy act he pulled off so well; everyone assumed he was harmless.
She sighed and Sebastian reached out to take her hand. The contact almost stopped her heart. Serenity stared at his hand on hers, his pale skin against her own and wished she could find a way to join him to her forever.
Everything will be all right, he said quietly. All you have to do is make the decision to change what you dont like about your life.
She shook her head and a little well of indignant anger bubbled up inside her. Easy for him to say such things, he wasnt living her life. She forced herself to pull her hand free of his.
You have no idea what youre talking about, she said. You dont understand what its like to be in my position.
Youre right, I dont. But Ive had some hard times myself, and I know you cant always rely on someone else to change your life. You need to find the strength inside yourself to do what you think is right.
Dont we find our strength from the people we love? she asked, looking up at him, her eyes imploring. If were alone, what is the point in having strength for ourselves? If our lives are devoid of love, whats the point in continuing on?
He reached out and tucked a stray lock of her hair behind her ear. His hand stayed on her face, fingers lightly touching just below her cheekbone.
We keep going because of the possibility, he told her gently. Even when things are at their worst, there is always the chance things will change.
Mustering the last of her courage, Serenity reached up and put her hand on top of his, pressing his palm against her cheek. She closed her eyes, committing to memory how it felt to be touched with nothing but tenderness. He wrapped his other arm around her waist and pulled her close, their bodies pressed together. Serenity let her head fall against the solid wall of Sebastians chest and together they watched the lights of Santa Monica pier while she tried hard not to cry.
Let me take you home, he said.
She nodded her answer against him. Though she didnt want to go back, the worry that Jackson might be calling the house haunted her. Together, they walked back up the pier. A number of cabs waited at the end and Sebastian walked up to the first one, opening the back door for her.
I dont have money for a cab, she said, feeling foolish.
Dont be silly. Ill pay.
She climbed in, relieved she wouldnt have to attempt the long walk back or catch a bus. This way, she would be home in twenty minutes or so. Sebastian slid in beside her. Serenity hesitated and then slipped her hand into his. Instinctively, they moved together, her head rested on his shoulder, his head rested on top of hers.
The driver glanced at them in the rear view mirror and asked where they wanted to go. Serenity gave him her address.
	
When they pulled up outside, darkness shrouded the duplex. Common sense told Serenity that Jackson lay in a bed at the hospital, but she couldnt help thinking hed been calling home to find she wasnt there and now lay in wait for her in the dark. She tried to formulate excuses about where shed been but nothing even remotely plausible came to mind.
Dont get out, Serenity told Sebastian.
She trembled beside him.
Its okay, he told her. Hes not there. Hes at the hospital.
How do you know?
I just do. If youre frightened, let me come in with you.
She shook her head. No. Maybe this time he wouldnt hurt me. Im sure hes too much of a coward to confront another man but he would pledge his life to catching me and making me pay. You cant protect me all the time, Sebastian. I wouldnt let you waste your life doing that.
It wouldnt be a waste, he sighed. Anyway, hes not home, I promise.
A neighbor might see you, and tell Jackson.
They wont see me, Serenity. I have a way of not being seen.
She couldnt argue with him, though she knew she should question how he managed to go unnoticed. For some reason, she couldnt bring herself to ask the questions. Always a coward, she didnt question Sebastian for the same reason she put up with how her husband treated her, because she was scared.
Instead, she climbed out of the cab, allowing Sebastian to pay the driver. She traversed the short distance to her front door and fished her keys out of her pocket. Putting the key in the lock, she turned her head, seeking out Sebastian. To her surprise, the cab had already pulled away. 
Hed left!
Despite her request, her heart dropped out of her stomach. Filled with disappointment, Serenity turned back to find Sebastian standing beside her in the doorway.
Jesus! she exclaimed, jumping. I hate it when you do that!
Sorry, he said, though he was smiling. I thought you didnt want me to be seen.
She hissed air out between her teeth in playful exasperation and pushed him through the open doorway.
Her heart pounded in nervous excitement. What was she playing at bringing another man into her husbands house? What the hell did she plan on doing with him?
The thought made her cheeks flush and she couldnt look at him.
Coffee, she offered, trying to hide her thoughts.
He was behind her in an instant, his arm wrapped around her waist, his face buried in her hair.
Dont pretend this is normal, he whispered.
She shook her head, a tiny, almost imperceptible motion. I dont know what normal is any more.
You know more about life than most women. More than you should ever have to.  
Not about you, she said, turning into him. I know nothing about you.
He didnt answer. Sebastian placed his forehead against hers and she closed her eyes, relishing every sensation being close to him brought.
I cant do anything with you, she told him, unable to meet his eye, self-conscious at even the suggestion of something happening between them. Im married.
Im not asking for anything physical, Serenity. All I want is to be near you.
They curled up on the couch together; Serenity tucked into Sebastians lap, child-like, as he stroked her hair.
At some point she slept and, not long after, felt herself being moved, his strong arms lifting her and carrying her to the bedroom. Serenity thought she heard him speak to her, telling her stories of long ago, of times loved and lost. She imagined he told her he was hundreds of years old and shied from the light, but knew she was dreaming then.
When she woke the next morning, lying fully clothed beneath the sheets of her bed, he was gone.

After a quick shower and change of clothes, Serenity went to pick up Jackson. He sat on the edge of the bed reading a newspaper. Her heart sank at the sight, but shed been lucky to have two whole nights without him. The blissful world in which shed been living didnt really exist. She held no illusions about her life and was ready to crash back down to earth.
The doctors quickly signed Jackson out. Serenity wondered if, unable to take his frustration out on her, hed been giving the nurses a hard time.
In the cab on the ride home, Serenity sat beside her husband, sick with sorrow. It felt wrong being in the same space as Jackson when she only wanted to be with Sebastian, but she was horribly scared and she didnt possess the courage to leave.
Her eyes burned hot and dry, a lake of tears flowing behind them.
As they approached the duplex, Serenity saw shed left the bedroom window open. Immediately, her heart raced. Was Sebastian there now, waiting for her? What would Jackson say? Even if he wasnt, would Jackson realize another man had been in their bedroom? Would he sense, or smell, Sebastian on the air?
Her cheeks flushed with guilt. At the front door, her hands shook and she missed the lock. Jackson gave her a quizzical look and took the key from her. He opened the door, pushing the mornings mail aside with his foot.
Serenity stepped into the house and pushed the door shut behind her. She bent to pick up the mail and threw the letters onto the small pile accumulating on the hall table.
Make me some juice, Jackson ordered, and a sandwich or something.
Okay, honey. I wont be a minute.
Bring it up to me in bed. Im going to lie down.
Why was she so powerless with him? However much she wanted to tell him to get it himself, the Stepford wife answer tripped from her lips; like hed programmed her to do whatever he wanted.
Thats what years of beatings and mental torture does to you, the little voice in her head told her. Serenity wished she could figure out a way to break her training.
You have to leave him, she told herself once again. 
Before meeting Sebastian, she hadnt realized how terrible her relationship was. The beatings and the verbal abuse had become commonplace and Serenity hadnt been able to imagine a relationship without the violence. Shed almost come to think the way he treated her was the norm. If she ever left Jackson and ended up with someone else the relationship would be the same. Sebastian had opened her eyes and made Serenity realize someone could care about her without exerting physical force. She had to leave, she just didnt know how or when to go.
Jackson spent the rest of the day ordering Serenity around and taking naps. As the day wore on, her resolve dwindled. She was crazy to think of leaving him. Nevertheless, she kept running through the possibility in her mind.
They had at least three thousand dollars in their joint account, maybe even a little more. Any other money they had saved, which wasnt a lot, had been invested in shares, and she wouldnt be able to touch the money without Jacksons signature.
You could always forge his signature? the little voice piped up.
There were too many risks. What if the stockbrokers called Jackson to do extra security checks? Then he would figure out her escape plan and he would make her pay. The thought of him finding out made her sick to her stomach. Hed be so furious, he would kill her.
What about their joint account? Three thousand dollars wasnt a huge amount of money, but was enough to get her started somewhere a long way from Jackson. If she went into the bank and asked to withdraw a big chunk of money, would they ask for Jacksons signature as well? Her card had a daily withdrawal limit of three hundred dollars. It wouldnt get her far and Jackson practically lived on his computer, especially on the Internet banking to watch the account. He knew exactly what she spent and when. He quizzed her on their need for each item after she went grocery shopping and, if she dared take ten dollars cash out of the account, he would make her break down how every last cent had been spent.
On more than one occasion, she had almost pointed out that she was the one who earned the money but if shed ever allowed the words to leave her mouth, she probably would have ended up with a few less teeth.
Abandoning her marriage was a much more complicated endeavor than simply packing her bags.

Serenity cooked her husband a chicken dinner while he lay in bed, watching sports on the small television. Hed been complaining about the pain in his back, but Serenity struggled to conjure up any sympathy. Her own back throbbed with a dull ache, and though she had managed to ignore the pain for the majority of the day, spending the past few hours racing up and down the stairs, attending to Jacksons demands, had left her feeling like someone had slammed a brick into her spine.
Serenity put the plate of chicken and potatoes onto a tray and added cutlery and a small salt and pepper shaker. She braced herself as she picked up the tray and carefully made her way back up the stairs.
Jacksons voice boomed from the bedroom and she flinched at the sound.
Come on, ref! Youve got to be joking! he shouted at the television.
She walked into the room and set the tray down on his lap. He craned around her, acknowledging her arrival by striving to ignore her further.
Only when she stood back up did he look at the tray.
You gave me fucking carrots? You know I hate carrots! And wheres my beer? he demanded.
I just thoughtwith your pain meds you might not be ...
Since when have you needed to think? he sniped.
Im sorry, Ill just ... She reached down to take the tray away at the same time Jackson reached for the fork. His arm hit her hand and the tray tipped, spilling hot gravy and chicken all over the bed.
She stared at the mess in horror, unable to move. Both of them paused, each waiting for the other to react. Serenity didnt even dare to breathe.
Jackson didnt look up. He spread his hands out above the mess on the duvet. You stupid, little, bitch, he said slowly. Cant you do anything right?
Im so sorry, Jackson, she said in a rush. Ill clean it up.
She moved forward and bent over the spilt tray, picking bits of chicken and potatoes from the sheets. She was intensely conscious of him poised above her, even though he sat in bed. Anger radiated from him, a low hum of nearly audible violence. If he wasnt in bed, injured, Jackson would have thrown her across the room by now. He wouldnt let this one go. Whether he got her for it now or later, she would be punished.
Serenity didnt wait long.
One of Jacksons large hands grabbed the back of her head. Like he was trying to drown her in the bath instead of a bed full of gravy, he shoved her face down into the spilt meal.
She couldnt breathe! Hot food scalded her face; forehead, cheeks and the end of her nose pressed into the hot gravy. She could feel her flesh reddening and still he kept pushing, mashing her face against the covers. The taste of chicken and gravy lodged in the back of her throat and she gagged, making her gulps for air even worse.
Desperately, Serenity tried to pull away but Jackson pushed her face down harder into the gravy.
Does it taste good? he spat, punctuating his words with an extra shove. Huh, you stupid little bitch?
Another shove.
She pushed back up with her hands and he gave her enough space to let her take one frantic gasp of air, before pushing her back down.
Serenity managed to turn her head to one side, gulping much needed oxygen, her eyes squeezed shut against the hot food. Gravy stuck her eyelashes together and matted her hair. Jacksons initial rage had subsided; hed had his fun. 
He laughed cruelly, and took his hand off the back of her head. Serenity lay across his lap, humiliated; exactly what he wanted.
 This isnt time for a rest, you dumb bitch, he said. You owe me a meal.
Serenity held back the tears until she made it out of the bedroom, then she stumbled down the stairs with tears pouring down her face. They were tears of rage and frustration. Her hands shook so badly she thought she might drop the tray on the floor this time.
I hate him. I hate him!
Somehow, after all the beatings, bruises, and pissing blood, having her face rubbed in her husbands chicken and potatoes had done something to her resolve. Finally, she decided to leave.
Back down in the kitchen, Serenity dished more food onto a clean plate. It was the meal she planned to eat, but she didnt care. Deep in the pit of her stomach, a spark fired. Excitement, nervousness and fear completely sapped what little appetite she had left.
Serenity no longer cared about the practicalities; she would live on the street if thats what it took. If she was treated like a dog in her own home, then she would roam the street like one.


Chapter Eight


Night had fallen once more.
Sebastian paced around his house, for that was all the building meant to hima house, not a home.
A home should be filled with love and family and memories. This place contained none of those things. No family photographs filled the walls, no pets welcomed him home, and childrens laughter hadnt been heard within the walls since Sebastian moved in.
The beautiful house had been filled with the finest furnishing and most expensive decor, but none of these things gave the building a soul. Like the vampire himself, the house was little more than a shell. 
Loneliness had become a part of Sebastian. He thought hed grown immune to the feeling. Loneliness and he walked hand in hand, joined together like Siamese twins. Only now the twin had become parasitic, the loneliness feeding on him to grow stronger. 
As his solitude grew, Sebastians resolve to stay away from Serenity weakened.
He must be going crazy. He meant it when hed told Serenity not to leave her husband for him. Their being together was inconceivable. He wouldnt contemplate the events that needed to happen to make their union a possibility, yet he wanted to be around her. Being close to her healed his wounds but Sebastian knew his being there wasnt good for her. He could bring her nothing but confusion, anguish and despair. With a single word, he would turn her whole idea of the world and what it contained upside down.
Serenity didnt deserve any of this. She should be happily married with a couple of children, or have a high flying career or be travelling the world. She should be doing whatever she wanted to make her happy.
Frustration churned within him as he paced. He couldnt stay indoors, the confining walls did nothing to help his pent up despair. He needed to be outside, part of the night again.
Sebastian stepped out of the front door and headed down the driveway to the front gate. He hit the buzzer on his keys and the electric gates slid open before him.
An unused, silver Audi A6 sat in the drive. Despite having taught himself to drive many years ago, being behind the wheel made him nervous. Driving wasnt in his nature. Anything involving technology and mechanics didnt sit well with him.
What was the point in a car when he moved faster under his own power?
Sebastian didnt intend to head down into the commotion of the city. Even at night, Los Angeles bustled with people. For every celebrity, several thousand wannabes lived in the metropolis. Every waitress, sales person, even the guy who pumped your gas, wanted to be an actor. Tourists intertwined with the dreamers, and dotted between them were the extremely rich who thought themselves famous. An undercurrent of kooks and weirdoes also had their place in LA. Many could be found hanging out at Venice Beach. Sebastian found the area a good hunting ground. When that type of person went missing, it caused less of a stir. Those people disappeared all the time and normally had fewer people who cared about them
Even so, Sebastian hated to take life. He never killed unless necessary and he found he needed to feed once a month to survive. Even so, once monthly for centuries amounted to a lot of death but he had grown used to it, dulled, anesthetized. He didnt care about these people. Most of them were worthless pieces of space; drug addicts and dealers, lazy bums who never bothered to work.
Who was he to play God? 
Hed tried to starve himself, but the need grew overwhelming. The hypocrisy of looking down on drug addicts when, in many ways, Sebastian wasnt much better himself didnt evade him.
Tonight, he didnt head down to Venice Beach. Instead, he turned away from the city and headed deeper into the hills toward the national park. He felt better being among nature, away from the bright Los Angeles lights. The giant, white Hollywood sign hung high above him. 
Ill go there, he decided. He would have space to think.
The cool October air bit at his skin but, immune to the cold, he didnt react. He walked at a normal pace, at the speed of a man, up through the gravel paths where the joggers went through their paces and people took their dogs for walks. Tonight he was in no hurry, he needed time to think.
Sebastian had no reason to rush through time. He saw his future, the rest of eternity, stretching before him and Serenity wasnt in it. He thought he had come to terms with being alone, made his peace, but the fact tormented him.
The vampire scaled the wire fence surrounding the fifty feet tall letters of the famous sign. His fingers hooked into the wire mesh, pulling him up with ease and speed. Vaulting over the top, he dropped to the ground.
Sebastian walked up to the start of the sign, the letters towering over him. Someone had to paint the thing, he marveled. Perhaps a job for one of his kind?
He dropped to a crouch and sprung into the air, leaping to the top of the first line of the letter H. Steel girders held the structure in place and he stepped across them, balancing easily, until he reached the concrete and enamel frontage of the sign. He stood on the edge, the world dropping away before him. The view from the top always took his breath away; a sea of lightsreds, greens and yellowsthe city with all its weird and wonderful inhabitants, living with no idea of what stood above, watching them.
The vampire sat down, swinging his legs over the edge.
Normally, this was the only time he felt at peace with himself; alone in the night, seeing its beauty for all that it was. Yet tonight, he found peace only came with thoughts of Serenity, picturing her beautiful, haunted face in his mind.
The air moved behind him and he froze, no longer alone.
Sebastian turned to find a figure balanced on the steel girders, as he had been only moments before. Moonlight shrouded her face but he recognized her immediately. He could tell by her scent alone; a mixture of blood and darkness and night. Someone hed hoped to never see again.
Madeline.
Pale skin caught the moonlight, long red hair springing around her face in ringlets. Her green eyes glowed in the darkness, taking him in with a knowing, sly stare. She looked good; beauty had never been Madelines problem. Her exterior perfect; doll-like, exotic, but poison churned on the inside. Her heart lay black and still inside her chest. Nothing gave her greater pleasure than messing with people, playing the puppet master. Madeline manipulated everyone to get what she wanted.
Sebastian knew all about her.
Long ago, shed hurt the people he loved. He thought hed escaped her but now, here she was again.
What do you want, Madeline? he regarded her coolly. What are you doing here?
She gave him a lop-sided smile and glanced up from under her eyelashes, her full red mouth pouting. I missed you, Sebastian. I thought Id see if you had changed your mind about me?
The sight of her made him tremble with anger. Youre insane. Get out of here.
But I thought you might have changed, she said. I thought you were interested in women again?
Youre not a woman.
Oh, not me, Sebastian, she said with a light tinkle of laughter. The other woman.
His blood froze. I have no idea what youre talking about.
She laughed again. I think you know exactly what Im talking about. Dark hair? Big, sad-looking eyes? I would have thought her a bit plain for your liking, Sebastian, but then you never did have taste in women.
She stopped and took a step closer, looking at him carefully, studying his face.
Wow, she said, her green eyes wide. You really care, dont you? She smiled again, her false, bright smile. Well, I guess that makes things easier for me.
What do you want, Madeline? he asked again.
She sidled up to him, her long, lean body close, leaving only a sliver of air between them.
I want what Ive always wanted. I want you.
Sebastian reached out and shoved her away. The other vampire stumbled back, but didnt fall. She glared at him, eyes now yellow with fury, burning in the dark.
Dont test me, Sebastian, she spat. The seductive woman had gone, replaced by a vicious wild cat. Dont forget I can always take something away from you.
Rage soared through him. So were here again, Madeline? he said, eyes narrowed with hatred. The only way you can get someone to be around you is by blackmailing them?
She looked at him with scorn, forgetting herself for a moment. There are plenty of others to choose from. Its easy enough for me to get who I want, and Sebastian, I always get who I want.
Then she seemed to remember herself and turned again, meek and mild. I just want a companion, Sebastian, you must understand? I get so lonely. I know you do too.
Why me? Why cant you leave me alone?
She placed a hand against his chest and he shuddered at her touch. Maybe I only want you because youve made it so clear you dont want me. Ive always loved a good chase.
He tore her hand away from his chest and stepped back. Inches from where they stood, the edge dropped fifty feet to the ground.
Obviously not clear enough.
Madeline turned away, her shoulders sagging. I dont know why you hate me so much.
He barked laughter into the night. You did this to me! You made me what I am and you wonder why I hate you for it?
You are strong and beautiful, she breathed. You will live forever. How can you hate me for that?
You took away everything I loved. Who wants to spend eternity alone?
So give in.
Instantly, she stood directly in front of him, her long slim fingers touching his cheek. Stay with me and you wont be alone.
Sebastian took a small step back, the solid concrete, enamel and steel no longer beneath his feet. He plummeted through the air, the cool wind whistling past his ears. His stomach lurched, like hitting turbulence on an airplane, and his feet hit the ground. Every muscle tensed to take the impact and he dropped to a crouch.
Within moments, Madeline was by his side again, dropping lighter than he had. She was more agile, faster than him.
He rounded on her. Get out of my life, Madeline. I would rather spend eternity alone than one more minute with you.
She glared at him, yellow eyes like beacons. Its that woman isnt it? she snarled, flashing her canines at him.
 A fucking human! What do you want with another human? Theyre weak, pathetic.
They have feelings, they care, they love.
I can love, she pretended to be hurt.
You only love yourself.
He turned from her and started to walk away. His ears listened for the sound of her following but only silence greeted him. When he reached the chain-link fencing, he risked turning around. The space behind him was empty but Sebastian knew it wouldnt be for long. Now she had found him again, she wouldnt leave him alone.
Madeline must have searched every city to find him, or maybe she just got lucky? He thought by leaving Europe hed escaped her. The other vampire thought America to be crass and uneducated, a new world version of new money. He thought Los Angeles was the one city Madeline would avoid, but hed been wrong.
He needed to leave again, to lose himself in a world that was quickly becoming too small.

Chapter Nine


Jackson spent most of the next day nursing his sore head. By mid-afternoon, he announced he needed a medicinal brandy and was going to the bar.
As soon as he told Serenity, a flutter of nervous butterflies stirred in her stomach. From past experience, she knew Jackson never stuck to one drink. If he went down to the bar, he wouldnt return until closing time.
Time to go.
Nausea churned inside her. Was she actually going to leave her husband? She planned to pack a bag, take three hundred dollars out of a machine, and find a hotel for the night. Shed decided not to take the first bus out so she could try to get her hands on another three hundred dollars in the morning. Jackson might cancel her card as soon as he realized she was gone, but she suspected hed most likely keep quiet in order to track her by her cash withdrawals. Staying in town for one night would allow her the extra money while not giving Jackson any idea which direction she was heading. As soon as he figured out where she was going, he would follow to make sure she never got the chance to leave him again.
Serenity hadnt booked a hotel or decided at which one to stay. The less she planned, the more unpredictable her movements were, increased the difficulty Jackson would experience trying to finding her.
Heart thumping in her chest, Serenity went upstairs and started pulling bags from the closet. Her hands shook and her stomach cramped in a ball knots. They owned a set of large silver suitcases but she didnt want to pack anything big to be as mobile as possible. Instead, she found a black canvas back pack; one Jackson bought at the airport when his hand luggage had been overweight. She wouldnt be able to fit much into the bag but enough for her to survive.
Serenity sighed. Beautiful things filled the house, items she had worked hard for; stupid little trinkets to make her miserable life happypretty picture frames, delicate wine glasses, embroidered cushions. She shouldnt get sad about such frivolities, but she couldnt help it. 
Theyre just things, the little voice whispered to her. They can be replaced.
The voice spoke the truth. Material belongings didnt matter. What mattered was getting out of her present situation with her dignity, soul, and most importantly, her body still intact.
Somewhere, at the back of her mind, Sebastian lurked. Two days had passed since theyd visited the pier together. She knew he wouldnt come to the house with her husband home. The two days felt like a lifetime. Serenity wished she could tell him she was finally leaving Jackson. She wanted to see the look in his eyes, knowing how proud he would be of her.
But she wasnt doing this for Sebastian. Serenity was leaving for herself, for her life and sanity. He had opened her eyes to the possibility of another life but that didnt mean she was leaving her husband for him.
Did it?
Serenity sighed again. She didnt want to be a woman who couldnt stand to be alone, always jumping from relationship to relationship.
No, it wasnt like that. She had no idea if she would see Sebastian again. She had no way of getting in touch with him and didnt know where he lived or worked. Tomorrow she would leave the city and never come back.
She wasnt only leaving Jackson, Serenity realized. She would be leaving Sebastian too.
A hard lump tightened in the back of her throat and her eyes flooded with tears. She reprimanded herself. She needed to focus; she had bigger things to worry about.
Filled with sadness, the thrill of possibility gone, she pulled open her top drawer and pulled out a selection of underwear. From the other drawers, she took out t-shirts and sweaters and stuffed them into the bag. She packed her toiletries and then wondered what else to take.
Serenity looked around the bedroom she had shared with her significant other for the last ten years. Bad memories lingered everywhere; the dresser he had pushed her up against when she knocked over a glass of water in the middle of the night. The door he slammed her fingers in when shed been late home from work. The wall he threw her against because she dared to ask how much money hed spent at the bar.
This place held nothing but bad memories 
She was nearly thirty years old and, once she left, wouldnt have more than a few hundred dollars and some old clothes to her name.
The threads of depression threatened to bind her heart and drag her down.
Jackson had done this and shed let him. If she didnt get out of her marriage, she would look back when she was forty, fifty, or God-forbid, sixty and realize her life had amounted to nothing and she could never get the time back.
She glanced at the clock. Almost five. Jackson wouldnt be home for hours but she had no reason to hang around.
Except this is the only place Sebastian knows where to find you.
Serenity shook her head. She needed to stop thinking about him. This was her life now and she had to take control.
She remembered a photograph of her mother as a teenager, which she kept in her nightstand. Despite Serenitys feelings about the woman, it felt wrong to leave the photo behind, so she fished it out of the drawer and added the picture to her bag. She didnt have a passport, but kept her birth certificate in the same drawer and stuffed the slip of paper into the side pocket of her bag.
She picked up the pack and slung it across her shoulder. A compulsion to say goodbye to her bedroom, as though the room was a person, swept over her.
From downstairs, came the sound of the front door slamming open.
Oh God.
Serenitys breath caught in her chest, every muscle in her body tensed, ready to run. Her head swam with the sudden rush of blood and she forced herself to focus.
What the hell was he doing back so soon?
Her heart pounded and her eyes darted around the room, searching for somewhere to stuff the bag. He would notice something was wrong, he would see it in her face. 
Serenity? he called up the stairs.
Im here, just putting away some laundry. Her voice was unnaturally high and she cleared her throat. Youre home early.
I forgot my pills, he said, his voice growing louder as he started to climb the stairs. Figured I would have more fun with them.
Im coming down! she shrieked. Ill bring them with me.
His footsteps paused and then, to her relief, he turned away and she followed the sound of his progress as he headed into the kitchen instead. Her palms were slick with sweat and she pulled open the closet door and shoved the bag into the bottom, quickly covering the hold-all with a pile of shoes and an old golfing jacket Jackson had never worn.
Her legs almost gave way as she raced to the bathroom and grabbed Jacksons bottle of pain medication, knocking his toothbrush and some hand wash into the sink in her haste. The items clattered against the porcelain, the noise echoing in the confined room.
Serenity? His voice had changed; cold and hard. What the hell is this?
He knows youre leaving him!
Panic made her head swim and the room blurred around her. Totally irrational thoughts raced through her head. Did she leave something outsomething to give herself away? Did she write him a Dear John letter?
Slowly, she walked down the stairs, the bottle of pills held against her chest as though they could protect her.
Jackson stood in the kitchen, leaning up against the table. In his right hand he held an opened piece of mail.
I did write it, she thought. I wrote him a goodbye letter!
He held the paper out toward her.
What the hell is this? he said again, his voice even.
I dont know, she said, honestly. She reached out for the letter but he snatched the paper out of reach and her fingers grasped nothing but air.
Shall I tell you? He started pacing, a restless, caged animal pacing he did when he was building up to something really bad. Serenity tried to back away, to retreat out of the door shed just entered through, but he quickly blocked her only escape route with his body. 
Its a bill from the hospital.
What? Her heart picked up the pace. There must be some mistake!
He flicked the letter out in front of him as though reading from a scroll.
Dear Mrs. Hathaway, I regret to inform you that due to your recent change in employment you are no longer covered by Stanton Medical Insurance, therefore, please find enclosed a statement for your husbands recent stay. We will expect payment as soon as possible.
He didnt even look up at her but she recognized the signs, how he focused on the boiling anger, concentrating on the emotion as though channeling it into his fists.
So when were you planning on telling me about your recent change of employment? Is that why your boss was so good about giving you time off, because you dont actually have a job to go to?
Desperately she shook her head. Its a mistake, she begged. Please, Jackson, Ill sort this out in the morning. Someone must have made a mistake.
He finally looked up and studied her face, brown eyes boring deep into hers as though he saw straight through her, reading every single thing etched on her mind. 
Why now? She had been so close, so damned close.
Dont lie to me, you little bitch. He spat the words in her face.
She backed away, her lower back hitting the metal of the sink. Please, Jackson, please she whimpered, cowering against the onslaught of blows sure to follow.
I cant do this again! I cant let him do this again
Ill teach you, he stepped toward her. Ill teach you what happens to bitches that lie to me in my own home.
As if someone flicked a switch in her head, all of the fear turned to anger. She wasnt going to let him frighten her any more.
Im leaving you! she screamed. Im leaving, you son of a bitch!
Her words stopped him for a moment, made him stand up straight, astonished. Then a smile spread across his face and he started to laugh, a full bodied, belly-ache laugh, doubling him over and leaving him, red in the face.
The fire burned inside of her, an anger so strong she could barely see. That the idea of her leaving him was so ludicrous made her furious.
Jackson managed to get hold of himself. He stood up straight, a smile fixed on his face, though it didnt reach his cold eyes.
You stupid, fucking bitch, he said, shaking his head. You could never leave me. You will never leave me.
Blind with anger, panic and fear, she squashed herself up against the sink. She reached back, scrabbling around in the metal bowl, trying to find something to protect herself.
Her fingers closed around cold metal and she threw herself forward, screaming, her mind blank. She wanted everything, all the pain and torment and fear, to stop! She lunged at him, swiping with the hand holding the metal object.
There was a strange sinking sensation and a resistance against her arm. Then the resistance was gone and Jackson fell to his knees, clutching at his throat. Blood spurted everywhere.
What was happening? What the hell happened?
Shed never seen so much blood; it covered her arms, splashed across her chest, but Jackson was worse. Blood spilled down his chest like an apron. 
Her mind detached itself, as if she watched everything from someone elses point of view.
Oh God, what have I done?
Jackson reached out toward her, his bloodied hands grasping for her throat. Paralyzed with shock she stared, waiting to be strangled. He only managed to  hook his fingers around her silver S chain, eyes looking up at her with a mixture of confusion and fear.
Then the paralysis broke and she gave a little shriek of fear and leapt away. Her chain broke in his hold and he looked at it dumbly, hanging off his fingers, as though not understanding where the jewelry had come from.
Slowly, Jackson slumped to the floor, the knife sticking out of his throat. Not thinking, she reached out and pulled the blade from his skin with a deep sucking, slurping movement. Jacksons eyes went blank.
Serenity dropped to her knees and screamed.

Around her, the air moved, but Serenity didnt notice. In the next moment, Sebastian stood beside her.
He stared in shock at the scene before him.
Serenitys husband lay dead on the floor. His glasses skewed half off his face, blood smeared across the glass. More blood pulsed weakly from a gaping hole in his throat. The sight of the blood stirred the dark part Sebastian tried to keep hidden and he clamped down on the instinct, not wanting to lose control.
Blood slicked the kitchen floor and Serenity knelt in the middle. As Sebastian watched, the knife she held dropped loosely from her fingers, hitting the floor with a clatter.
Blood covered most of her torso; all down her arms, all over her clothes.
As though she had only just seen the blood, she held her hands out in front of her, and let loose an ear piercing shriek of madness. 
Serenity? he said, gently touching her arm.
She jumped at the contact and twisted around to face him. Her eyes focused on him, but no recognition lit in their dark depths. She blinked twice and then took a short gasp of breath before bursting into tears.
Serenity threw herself into his arms, clinging to him in desperation.
What have I done? she cried. Oh, God, what have I done?
Shush, he soothed her. Itll be all right.
He wouldnt let me leave. He wouldnt let me go.
Sebastian gathered her up in his arms and she clung to his neck like a child being carried to bed. She buried her face against his skin, hiding from the horror spread out on the floor beneath them.
Serenity shook violently, her eyes glassy with shock.
What have I done? she asked again. Oh, God. What have I done?
As though she were no heavier than a doll, he carried her up to the bathroom. Reaching into the tub, he turned on the showerhead and waited for the water to run hot. Shifting her from one arm to the other, he removed her bloodied sweater and jeans.
Sebastian shrugged off his own overcoat and boots, pulling them off with his free hand. He stepped into the shower, fully clothed, with Serenity in his arms.
Hot water rushed over them, taking with it the blood and tears, the guilt and shame.
She clung to him like a child.
When the water ran clear, he stepped out of the shower and wrapped her in a large cream towel. Her dark hair was plastered to her face, her skin ashen white. 
As he carried her into the bedroom, Serenity lay limp and unresponsive in his arms. Carefully, he laid her down on the double bed and she curled up in the fetal position, crying silently. Tears poured down her face, soaking the pillow beneath her head.
From the midst of the shock, the sensible part of her somehow broke through. I need to call the police, she said. I need to tell them what I did.
Okay, he whispered, but turmoil halted his actions. It would be her word against the law, a battle rarely won.
The silent tears suddenly turned to loud, wretched sobs, and she turned away, burying her face into the pillow.
I dont want to go to prison, she managed, her voice muffled. Not for him. Not for that son-of-a-bitch.
You wont, he said, unsure if he believed his own words. The police will see what he was doing to you. A half-decent lawyer will easily mount a defense.
What proof would they have? she asked through her tears.
There must be hospital or doctors records?
She laughed, an empty sound. He was too clever for that. He never did enough to get me admitted. He hit me just enough to cause pain without me needing to get medical attention.
Sebastian reached over and held her hand, grounding her. He opened his mouth to speak, and then paused. Hed always been careful not to get involved in human lives. 
He couldnt stop himself, What if I can make it look like this never happened?
She stared up at him, eyes bloodshot, as if she barely dared to believe what he offered. 
You dont have to involve the police, he said. I can get rid of the body.
 I dont want to go to jail, but I killed him. I should be punished for what Ive done.
Youve been punished enough. Would anyone miss him? he asked. Would anyone be asking after him?
Serenity pushed herself to sitting and wiped her face.
I dont know. He doesnt have any friends. He spends his life on that damn computer. Guiltily, she corrected herself. Spent his life.
So what if I can make it all go away? he said. Put your stuff back in the closet and pack his instead. I can make sure his credit cards are used in another state, a long way off. It will look like he left you.
Her face glimmered with hope for the first time. But how do you know how to do this stuff? What are you, mafia or something?
Lets just say, Ive had to make a lot of people disappear.

As soon as Serenity drifted into sleep, Sebastian turned his attention to the job at hand. Hed come to the house to say goodbye to Serenity, to tell her he needed to leave now that Madeline had found him again. The last thing he expected was to find a murder scene.
Back in the kitchen, Jacksons face had taken on the strange waxy complexion of the dead, his eyes blank and staring. The blood surrounding him had begun to congeal, turning from bright red to a thick, black tar. From experience, Sebastian knew when he started to clean the blood would smear as red as before.
Sebastian held himself partly responsible for the mans death. Though he felt no sorrow at the passing of someone who didnt deserve to be alive, his distress stayed with Serenity. He never wanted her to be in this position and now, with a single act, she would be a different woman. He wished hed stepped in sooner, had done something to help her instead of lecturing the whole time. Who the hell did he think he was, trying to tell her how to live her life? He told her to leave her husband and when she tried, shed been forced to kill him.
Guilt and torment radiated through the vampire.
He had done this, he was responsible. He should have walked away when he was given the chance. His presence in her life would only bring Serenity pain and yet he pursued her.
Sebastian vowed to somehow make things right with her again. By removing every trace of Jacksons murder from her home, she would be free of her violent spouse with no repercussions.
Then he, Sebastian, would walk away and let her get on with her life.
His heart dropped at the thought and he clenched his teeth in an effort to suppress the emotions roaring deep within him. He had to walk away. He owed her that much.
The sight of blood or death did not deter him. After so many years, death caused him none of the revulsion it did for humans. At least he neednt worry about this one coming back; none of the normal protocol would have to be followed. Even so, he would dispose of this body and the chances of it ever being found were minute.
He would clean the blood up the old fashioned waywith a good bit of elbow grease. Of course, possessing the speed and strength of a hundred commercial cleaners and knowing all the tricks to remove blood stains helped. Anything proving difficult to clean would be disposed of.
The third and final piece of the puzzle would be making it look like Jackson had up and left. Sebastian knew of another like himself living in a small town in Utah. The vampire owed him a favor and, taking Jacksons things with him, Sebastian would travel there once he had completed the cleanup. He would ask the other vampire to use Jacksons credit cards around the area, making it appear as if Jackson had fled to this part of the country. Utah and the surrounding area was harsh and unforgiving country; part mountain, part desert. A place where someone could easily get lost and a body never be found.
Sebastian would then say goodbye to Serenity and condemn himself to living the rest of eternity in love and alone.


Chapter Ten


Serenity woke, slowly emerging from a deep, dreamless sleep. Curled up on her side, her cheek pressed against the soft pillow. Though warm and comfortable, something pulled her from oblivion.
Daylight from the bedroom window glared in her face and she raised a hand to shield her eyes. Why hadnt she closed the drapes last night?
She started to pull herself up to sitting and glanced over at Jacksons side to check he was still asleep. The horror of last night fell upon her.
Serenity clamped a hand to her mouth, a thin keening sound forcing its way between her lips. Nausea washed over her and she leaned over the side of the bed to heave up a small amount of bile, before dry retching until her ribs hurt. 
Her hands trembled as she wiped her mouth. She wanted the memory to be a lie, tried to convince herself the whole thing had been nothing more than a nightmare. Perhaps Jackson went out early or hadnt come home last night. The lie failed and the truth danced before her eyes in all its multicolored horror.
She had killed her husband; murdered Jackson.
Serenity hid her face in her hands.
Oh no, please no, no, no, she said over and over again, shaking her head from side to side. It wasnt true, couldnt be true. She whimpered into her hands, taking each breath in hitching, panicky sobs.
This was all too big, too much to take. How could she live, knowing everyday what shed done, what shed become. 
Serenity struggled to catch her breath. Panic overwhelmed her and she clutched at her chest, tore at her throat. 
She didnt know what to do or think. Serenity wanted to hurt herself, punish herself for her actions. She was worse than Jackson had ever been; an evil, horrible, terrible person. Her hands repulsed her. She wanted to scrape off her skin, cut off her fingers so she would never have to look at the things that held the knife. Physical pain would be better than the gut wrenching anguish clutching at her soul.
Serenity stood in the middle of the room, turned her face to the ceiling and screamed. She shrieked until she thought her lungs would burst and the cries would ring in her ears for hours to come. The noise blocked out everything she felt, everything she had done.
Her throat cracked and the pause provided the break she needed for the tears to spill.
Throwing herself face down on the bed, she gulped great, shuddering sobs, tears pouring down her face. She cried until her chest hurt and her throat burned. Her nose and sinuses were blocked, her ears muffled. Serenity wept for what shed done, for the death of her husband, for the death of the person shed thought she was. She cried out of fear for herself and what she had become.
You only did to him what he would eventually have done to you.
The truth, but it didnt make her feel any better.
Hell never hit you again. Never make you feel small and worthless. Your life is your own again.
Serenity shied away from the spark of hope burgeoning through the terror and anguish. She didnt deserve to feel anything other than the pain she was in right now and she pushed away the positive thought. Now wasnt the time to try justifying what shed done; nothing made murder right.
She couldnt mourn Jackson, however. Murdering him went beyond wrong, but she wasnt upset over her husbands death, just the way it had happened. How was she supposed to miss the person whod made her life hell for the past ten years?
Serenity hated the potential for violence inside of her; she didnt recognize herself anymore and the knowledge scared her.
Would she go to prison? Even the risk of incarceration was better than spending the rest of her life under the same roof as him. Perhaps, in hindsight, she should have murdered Jackson a long time ago. He never would have let her go. Whatever happened, however carefully she planned, Jackson would always have been one step ahead of her. Even if shed gotten away from him, Serenity would have looked over her shoulder for the rest of her life, seeing his face in every man she met, wondering when he would eventually catch up with her.
At least now, even with the possibility of prison, she was free.
Guilt swept over her in a sickening rush. How could she think like that? As if she was pleased with herself for killing him.
No, she hated her hand in Jacksons murder, but she was pleased about his death.
Serenity sniffed and wiped her face, puffy from crying. She rolled back onto her side, tucking her knees up to her stomach. Emotional exhaustion clouded her head, weighing down her limbs. Her hand strayed to Jacksons side of the bed. She snatched it back and shuddered. Would she ever be able to sleep there again without thinking of what shed done? Would she be able to go a single minute of a single day without thinking about last night?
Suddenly, she remembered Sebastian and sat up.
Hed been here last night! 
She found her hand clamped against her mouth again. Flashbacks of memory came back to her: blood, anger, death. It was like shed spent the previous night hideously drunk and pieces were flooding to her in flashes.
Sebastian! How did I forget about Sebastian? 
What hed seen hadnt horrified him. The sight of blood hadnt fazed him. If she remembered rightly, he offered to help, but why?  Why didnt he call the cops? The minute he walked in on her with the knife in her hand, he should have picked up the phone. Instead, he offered to help.
Once more, guilt flooded her, but this time for a different reason. Serenity hadnt intended to involve Sebastian. She would gladly give herself up to the police and confess if it meant hed never be implicated. 
Now, thanks to her, he was an accessory to murder.
Theres still time, she told herself, I can still go to the police. 
WhenifSebastian came back, shed make him tell her exactly what hed done with the body. Then shed tell the police she covered up her crime alone. As far as the police were concerned, Sebastian didnt even exist.
So where was he now? She didnt think hed slept in the bed with her, but she couldnt remember him leaving.
Serenity chewed at her lip. She needed to go downstairs, into the kitchen, face what she had done. The thought made her feel sick and lightheaded all over again. She wasnt sure if she could handle seeing the place where the murder happened. What if Sebastian hadnt done as he said and left instead? What if she went downstairs and Jackson was still lying on the linoleum, covered in blood?
A sharp sob broke the silence and she pressed her hands over her face. Oh, God, how am I supposed to do this?
In that moment, she would gladly have Jackson alive again if it meant she didnt have to walk down the stairs.
Her clothes from the previous night were nowhere to be seen. She picked her robe off the back of her occasional chair and, before pulling the garment on, she glanced down at herself.
Not a drop of blood marred her skin. All at once, she remembered the hot water and Sebastian holding her in the shower. She recalled the security of his arms protecting her from the horror of what had happened. He held her against his chest, his own clothes soaking as she clung to his neck, her face buried against his throat. She yearned for him then, desperately wanting his presence with every fiber of her soul.
Where was he?
Serenitys legs trembled beneath her as she made her way to the bathroom. She expected to find her bloodied clothes on the floor, blood smeared across the sink and bath, but the bathroom was spotless.
A flicker of hope ran through her. Had she dreamed the whole thing? Maybe shed gone crazy and none of this happened?
Was being insane better than the truth?
Like an old woman, she left the bathroom and went into the hallway, clutching frailly to the banister of the stairs. Her legs wobbled and her head swam. A couple of times she had to stop and compose herself. Silent tears ran down her cheeks.
She made it to the bottom, taking choking little gasps of breath before continuing.
Using the wall for balance, she stumbled along the hallway. Her heart pounded so hard she thought it might explode from her chest or burst blood vessels in her ears.
In her mind, she saw Jackson lying on the kitchen floor, one arm bent at an awkward angle behind his head, blood smeared glasses hanging off his face. She saw the blood, thick as oil, covering their old fashioned green linoleum. The vision had been burned into her brain and she would see her dead husbands face every time she closed her eyes.
She didnt want to do this, but she had to.
Taking a deep, shaky breath, she forced herself to walk into the kitchen.
It was empty.
In disbelief and amazement, she walked in, her bare feet treading on the floor that, only a few hours ago, had been saturated with her husbands blood. Like the bathroom, the place was spotless. It looked as though nothing had happened.
Suddenly panicked she had imagined it all, she raced back up into the bedroom and slammed open the closet door. Desperately, she threw out shoes and bags, searching for the bag she had packed for herself. 
The back pack was missing.
Empty out your bag, Sebastian told her. Pack some of his things. I can make it look like hes left you.
Still in a panic, mind blurred, she yanked open Jacksons drawers, one after the other, flinging out shirts, pants and underwear. Some of the items were gone; not much but enough to notice.
Clothes littered every surface but Serenity wasnt finished yet. She opened the bedside drawer where Jackson kept his passport and discovered the document was missing. She went into the bathroom and saw what she hadnt before; empty spaces on the shelf where his toothbrush and shaving kit normally stood.
Her chest heaved from the exertion and she took a moment to catch her breath. Only one room remained unchecked, the spare bedroomthe one Jackson used as an office. The room was tiny, barely big enough for his desk and a set of shelves. Serenity never went in there. Jackson had made it clearif he ever found out shed been in his office, he would make her pay. Fear that hed set up some kind of trap stopped her from going in when he went out.
Even now, with Jackson dead, the idea of going in scared her. Hed trained her well.
With a shaking hand, she pushed open the door. The standby light on his PC glowed, a mountain of paper balanced beside the monitor.
His book, she thought with a pang of uneasy regret. Hell never finish it now.
She wondered if anyone else had seen the manuscript, if hed been in touch with anyone about publishing the book. Someone might notice his sudden lack of communication. 
The uneasiness did a summersault in the pit of her stomach. What if someone reported him missing? How well would she hold up if the police came asking questions?
Serenity turned her attention back to the office. Stacks of mens magazines were piled on the floor and several cups of old coffee stood congealing beside them. Crushed, empty beer cans piled high in the trash. Wafts of stale alcohol and feet washed over her.
This was what remained of her husband; this disgusting little room.
Sick to her stomach again, she backed out of the office and gently shut the door behind her. She would have to deal with his things at some point but not now.
Somehow, Sebastian had done this for her. Hed fulfilled his promise and made Jackson disappear. Her earlier thoughts about telling the police had been quashed. She didnt know how Sebastian had managed everything so perfectly but she would never be able to fool the police into thinking she had done the cleanup alone. Now it wasnt just her freedom on the line, but Sebastians as well. 
A spark of hope flared up again. Didnt doing this for her prove he cared?
What now?
Still shaken and terrified, the words ran over and over in her mind, like a foreign language she needed to practice but didnt quite understand.
I killed Jackson. I killed Jackson. I killed Jackson.
The moments before she murdered him replayed in her mind. She hadnt been aware of her actions; she simply reacted. Serenity remembered Jackson laughing at the thought of her trying to leave. After that, everything was a blur.
She compared herself to Jackson; how, after beating her, he would tell her he hadnt meant it, hadnt known what he was doing. I dont know what came over me, he would plead. Why do you push me to do these things?
Serenity could use all of those lines now. For the first time, she could put herself in Jacksons shoes and she hated it. 
The thought brought her tears back, but she forced herself to stop, worried they smacked of self-pity. Tears were another one of Jacksons favorite hands to play. Had she really become like him?
What to do now? Continue as if nothing had happened?
Half an hour ago, she thought herself unable to eat again. Now her stomach churned, overly hungry and a little sickly. With the sensation came an intense craving for a cup of hot, sweet coffee.
Could she make breakfast in the room where shed committed murder? The idea felt as crazy as the killing, but she found she could do it. Going back to the scene of the crime, she filled up the kettle with water from the tap and switched it on. She didnt stop shaking, however, and kept glancing back at the spot where shed last seen her husband.
Serenity tried to pile coffee into her cup, but her hands shook so badly the brown granules spilled over the countertop. She lifted the kettle and boiling water followed the granules, that too spilling over the counter. Not noticing the amount she put into the mug, she dumped full spoons of sugar into the murky brown liquid.
Taking her too sweet, too strong coffee into the living room, she curled up on the couch and tucked her bare feet beneath her. Out of habit, she reached for her necklace. Her fingers found nothing but skin. Of course, Jackson had broken it. The memory speared her with pain and she quickly snatched her hand away from her throat, pushing away the recollection to preserve her sanity.
For several hours, long after her coffee had grown cold in her hands, Serenity stared into space, lost in the river of thoughts and memories swelling around her, threatening to pull her under.

Chapter Eleven


Serenity woke up on the couch with her head kinked at an odd angle. She moved and pain speared up through her neck, the muscles stiff from where shed been lying. 
The light in the room had changed. The bright glow of morning had given way to the shade and shadows of dusk. A glance at the clock confirmed her suspicion: quarter to six; she had slept most of the day.
Serenity pushed herself to sitting, her hand rubbing at her aching neck. The house was still and silent around her. She didnt think Sebastian had been back while she slept.
Sighing heavily, she pulled the throw down from the back of the couch; protection against the cool of the night. The cold didnt come from the air, but from somewhere deep inside, chilling her to the bone. Serenity pulled her knees to her chest, hugging herself for comfort.
What if he didnt come back? She wouldnt blame him in the slightest; after all, hed seen what she was and she wouldnt hold him responsible him for not wanting to get involved further. But what she would do if he didnt return? The possibility filled her with terror.
If she didnt have him, she had nothing.
Serenity pulled the throw closer. How quickly life turned on a dime. One moment everything was the same, then one action changed every...
A flash of glowing yellow at the window halted her thoughts. She froze, breath stopping in her chest.
Eyes? Cats eyes?
Serenity blinked. Only an empty window faced her. 
Did she see something in the dark? 
Shaken, she turned away from the window, but the certainty that someone watched her remained. The sensation unsettled her and the hairs on Serenitys arms and the back of her neck stood to attention.
Staring down at her hands, she pretended to be engrossed by her nails. The sense of being watched grew stronger; as if she reached out, she might touch the person standing over her.
Serenity whipped up her head.
Like catching a shadow out of the corner of her eye, a flash of yellow winked at the window.
Sebastian? 
If so, why didnt he just come in? Hed never had a problem making an entrance before. Slowly, she pushed to her feet and crossed the room. At the window, she cupped her hand against the glass and peered out into the night.
A shiver ran down her spine.
She must be getting paranoid. No wonder, considering the events of the past twenty-four hours. She was allowed to be a bit spooked.
With a new found bravery, and partly to put her mind to rest, Serenity pushed open the window and leaned out into the night.
Hello? she called, her voice too loud in the stillness.
No one answered. 
Why wasnt he back yet? Serenity thought nervously, wishing she had something to busy herself. Shed created this mess yet she sat around doing nothing to help the situation. She needed something to keep her busy, to stop her mind conjuring up ghosts that didnt exist.
She remembered Jacksons office, how shed worried someone in his on-line life might notice him missing. By looking into the possibility shed prepare herself and Sebastian for problems that might lie ahead.
Serenity started across the room. Upon reaching the door, the sensation of being watched pressed against her back and she spun around. The room was empty.
With legs of lead, she forced herself to walk upstairs to Jacksons office. Pushing open the door, the stale smell of old beer and testosterone hit her and she cringed in disgust. She swallowed her revulsion, crossed to the computer and switched the monitor on.
The screen blinked to life, asking for a password
Damn! She should have realized Jackson would be paranoid enough to put extra security on a home computer.
What password would he choose? Wracking her brain, she absently picked at the dry skin around her thumbnail. What was important to him?
The most important thing in Jacksons life had been Jackson himself. She typed in his name, followed by his surname, and when that didnt work she started trying different combinations of his name and added in a few numbershis birth year, their house number.
Password not recognized. 
Serenity sighed. 
Perhaps her name? She tried it, but no, password not recognized. What else? She thought about the name of his book She knew she should remember; the name had struck a chord with her when he told her what it was.
The name of a plant, she was sure the title was also the name of a plant.
Then it came to her: Love Lies Bleeding.
With shaking hands, she typed the words into the box. She was in!
Pulling up his Internet browser, she clicked on the drop down box to find out what sites hed used lately. She expected to see Writers Weekly and The Writers Guide, but a whole different usage of the Internet faced her.
Her hands trembled once again as she used the mouse to click on the first web address. Apparently now Jackson hadnt been so security conscious, as the computer automatically logged him on as bigboy74.
Serenity gulped. This was what her husband had been up to. A message flashed in his inbox.
Hey Bigboy, where are you tonight? Ive been imagining your cock in my throat and my pussy is wet just thinking about you.
Serenity read on, feeling sick to her stomach.  A number of similar messages followed, all amounting to the same sort of thing.
She clicked out of the website and went on another. Jackson used a different name but the messages amounted to more smut. On another site, a woman sent pictures of her most intimate parts and another (although Serenity couldnt be sure it wasnt the same woman) sent photos of her licking her own, extremely large breasts.
With adrenaline firing through her veins, she left the Internet and opened Jacksons documents.  Hed saved pages and pages of pornographic messages.
Furious, Serenity clenched her hands into fists. She stopped herself from picking up the computer and throwing it through the window. Even though she didnt have proof of Jackson physically cheating, this was just as bad. She couldnt believe shed been working all this time while he was getting his rocks off to faceless women on the Internet. She felt like the bottom had been ripped out of her stomach.
Then she opened the document for his book.
It was twelve pages.
She stared in amazement. Was this all hed done? This and several hundred thousand words of porn?
Son of a bitch! she screamed at the monitor.
Shed been supporting him for the past ten years while he did nothing. How could she have been so stupid? For a moment, she wished him alive so she could kill him all over again.
This time the wave of guilt didnt come.
She knew now, no one would miss him. Whoever was into bigboy74 wouldnt bother to log a missing persons record. She guessed Jackson hadnt bothered sending his pathetic twelve pages to any publishing houses, and if he did, no one would be interested.
She read through the first few pages of his novel. Despite the poetic title, the pages read like the start of a sci-fi novel with poor grammar and bad spelling. How could someone spell so badly when the computer spell checked automatically?
He was nothing but a lazy son-of-a-bitch. For years hed taken advantage of her and treated her like the worthless one. Anger swelled inside and Serenity thought she might explode. Impotent, useless anger. Jackson was dead and she had no one to direct her fury toward. Instead, she turned the anger inward. How he must have laughed at her. Stupid, naive Serenity, out at work all day and then back home to make dinner and take her beating.
Years wasted, and she had no one to blame but herself?

Sebastian pushed open the door to the spare room and found Serenity with her head in her hands, crying in front of the computer.
Serenity? He dropped to his knees in front of her, concerned at the sight of her tears. Whats happened?
She managed a laugh, the sound bitter and full of regret.
Whats happened? she said. Apart from the obvious you mean? Whats  happened is Ive discovered my pig of a husband spent most of our marriage writing filth to other women on the Internet instead of writing the supposed bestseller he always talked about.
She lifted her face from her hands. What sort of idiot am I? I mean, I dont even know why Im so surprised or upset to learn this is how he spent all his time? He was hardly a good husband in any other way, why should this bother me so much?
He reached out, his palm made contact with her back, gently trying to soothe her anguish.
Somehow I managed to tell myself Jackson hitting me was my fault. I thought I wound him up. I believed she choked back a sob, I believed he was angry with me because I hadnt been able to give him a family. This proves he was just a total, lazy pig.
Then you shouldnt be upset, Sebastian said, anger lodging like ice in his heart. You should be happy hes dead.
The hardness in his words shocked her into looking up. Her face crumpled.
Dont do that, she said, reaching out and taking his hand. Dont be angry. Theres been too much anger already.
She touched his face, her palm rested against his cheek. He closed his eyes, relishing the sensation of warmth against his cold skin, and covered her hand with his own. They sat, quietly together in the moment.  
I was worried you werent coming back, she whispered.
He stared into her eyes, losing himself in their liquid depths. I shouldnt have.
Dont say such things! she said. I thought perhaps, youd come back earlier. I thought you were watching me.
Sebastian frowned, Why would you think that?
It sounds silly, she said, shaking her head. I was sure I saw someone at the window. They had your eyes.
Leaping to his feet, he went to the window and peered out into the night. When?
Earlier, about six, when it started getting dark.
What else did you see? He started to pace back and forth, from the window back to the computer. The room was tiny, one not built to accommodate a six-foot-two, pacing vampire.
I didnt see anything else, she said, shaking her head. It was probably just my imagination. She looked at him and worry creased her brow. Whats wrong, Sebastian? Youre frightening me.
He remembered himself and stopped pacing. Im sorry. The last thing I want to do is scare you, but I shouldnt be around you. He crouched in front of her. Ive taken care of everything. You dont need to worry about Jacksons body being found. She visibly winced at his words. Ive arranged for the police to discover activity on his cards a long way from here. He took her hand. Youre free from him, Serenity. He can never hurt you again.
She leaned forward and placed her forehead against his. They rested, nose to nose, eyes closed, breathing each other in. All that mattered was them.
Sebastian knew he couldnt stay, no matter how much he wanted to.
I have to go, he said, tearing himself away, his heart breaking with every millimeter of space he put between them. Unable to let go, he leaned in at the last minute and kissed her. His hand slipped into her hair and deepened the kiss, devouring her. She moved closer, filling in the space between them. 
Reluctantly, Sebastian broke away. His fingers still laced in her hair, his palm against her cheek. He looked into her eyes, searching.
Dont kiss me goodbye, she pleaded.
I have to.
Please dont leave me. I dont want to stay here. Her lower lip trembled, her eyes full of tears. Everywhere I turn I see Jacksons face, his expression in those last moments, with the blood all...
Her voice broke and she covered her mouth with her hand, tears spilling from her eyes to run down her cheeks.
It broke his heart to see her like this. His soul ripped in two; he could do her no good, but he couldnt bear to leave her either.
I cant take you with me, Serenity. There are things you dont know about me. Things you dont want to know.
You have a family? Why didnt you tell me if you were married?
Im not married, Serenity he said, exasperated. Why wont you believe me?
Then tell me what it is? Tell me what the big secret is?
People want things from me and theyre dangerous. They might hurt you.
I dont care. I dont care what youre into. Please, you cant leave me here, not now.
Okay, he relented. But just until you figure out what to do.
Serenity threw herself into his arms, tears streaming down her face. Thank you, thank you. You wont regret it. I promise.
He hugged her back, unable to stop the smile that lit his face, despite the unease tugging at his guts.
Sebastian wanted for her to be safe. Only, he wasnt sure by his side was the best place to safeguard her.


Chapter Twelve


The sight of Sebastians house awed Serenity. Though Sebastian had called them a cab to take them to his house in the hills, a silver Audi sat on the long gravel driveway. She stepped through the heavy, oak front door and into the extensive hall, her mouth hung agape. Standing in his entrance hall, she turned in a slow circle, her eyes wide.
His home stunned her. The obvious wealth also confirmed her suspicions about him being into something he shouldnt: organized crime or drugs. At least now she partly understood his reason for being secretive with her. Shed known there was something different about him. Normal people didnt live in houses like thishell, this wasnt a house, this was a mansion. 
Sebastian stood with his arms folded across his broad chest, watching her. A ghost of a smile lingered on his face.
What the hell are you? she said in amazement.
His pale face blanched further and he asked, What do you mean?
Are you a drug baron? An internet millionaire? Or did a rich aunt die?
The shock melted from his face. Oh, right, he shook his head slightly, as though jerking himself awake. I guess you could say I came into some money a long time ago and invested wisely.
Jesus, she said, still taking in her surroundings. You can say that again. Care to share any tips?
He grinned at her but didnt answer.
Serenitys astonishment at Sebastians wealth made her forget Jacksons death for a moment but suddenly the immensity of the last twenty-four hours crashed down around her. Exhaustion fell like a cloak over her head and shoulders, and she slumped, shoulders rounding, back curled.
Sebastians smile disappeared. He was at her side so quickly she didnt even see him move.
Its late, he said. Arm curled gently around her waist, he guided her toward the huge staircase wrapped against the back wall. Maybe you should lie down?
Serenity nodded and allowed herself to be led. The strength of his arm lent comfort and she leaned into the curve of his bicep. Sebastian guided her up to one of the bedrooms. The room was staged like a luxurious hotel complete with a four poster bed, expensive lamps and one thousand thread count sheets. But, like a hotel room, the room felt cold and unlived in. Serenity didnt think for a moment this was Sebastians room. He was too much of a gentleman to take her to his own bed, yet the rest of the house reflected this impersonal space. No photographs hung on the walls or half-read books left on the table. In short; there was nothing to say anyone actually lived here.
Gently, Sebastian lifted her onto the bed and she sat with her feet hanging off the side. He knelt before her and carefully pulled off her shoes and then lifted her feet onto the soft mattress.
His tenderness touched something deep inside her. 
Hey, she protested. Im not an invalid. I dont need to be looked after.
Sebastian joined her on the bed and took Serenitys hand. I think its been a long time since anyone looked after you.
A sad smile flitted over her face and she reclined on her side and tugged at his hand, pulling him down beside her. They lay, face-to-face, watching each other.
Sebastian reached out and brushed a strand of hair away from her brow. His hand remained for a moment, cool fingertips touching her warm cheek.
She reached up and covered the back of his hand with the palm of her own. He was always so cold, but she held his palm close against her cheek, relishing the chill against her feverish skin.
Her eyelids drooped.
Serenity wanted to stay awake, to stay in the moment with him, but she could feel her eyes shutting and wrestled them open again. She always seemed to be sleeping; everything shed been through over the last couple of days had sapped her strength.
Shush, he whispered, stroking her hair. Youre allowed to sleep.
She felt herself drifting. The pillow was incredibly soft beneath her face and she sank into its depths.
Dont you ever sleep? she asked, exhaustion thickening her voice.
Though sinking deep, oblivion swallowing her, she could have sworn he said, no.

A nightmare held her in its grip.
In her dream, she stood next to the sink in her kitchen, as she had before. Her fingers clutched the handle of the knife so tightly her knuckles strained white. Heavy footsteps fell in the hallway and the old terror Jacksons presence instilled wrapped around her heart. Somewhere, deep down, she knew he was dead and this couldnt be happening but shed buried the knowledge in an unreachable place. Her focus was on the scene before her. 
The footsteps thumped closer. Horror gripped her. The image of Jackson after she stabbed him filled her mind; shock and disbelief in his eyes, the blood, the way his glasses lay askew on his face. She was certain the Jackson heading toward her would look the same as he had the moment shed murdered him.
Then he walked into the room and, with a mixture of relief and horror, she saw him as hed always been: aggressive, cocky, hostile.
Serenity stood rooted by the kitchen sink. He walked up to her and the tight grip she had on the hilt dissolved. Her fingers fell away and Jackson plucked the knife from her hand; his presence sapped her strength.
Every detail of his face leaped out at herthe old acne marks on his skin, the gold filling in his molar, the flecks of white in his eyebrowseverything in crystal clear detail. Yet still she couldnt move.
His face broke into a snide, scornful smile and he erupted into mocking laughter. This time anger didnt take over. Instead, fear filled her and still she couldnt move.
He would kill her, he would take his revenge. One important thought occupied her mind; where was Sebastian?
Then she realized the reason for his absence. Daylight filtered through the kitchen window, sun flooded the hallway. Sebastian wouldnt be here; she never saw him in the light.
Something vitally important flitted through her consciousness and she tried to grab hold of it.
Before she had time to analyze the idea that something significant had crossed her mind, the Jackson of her dream launched at her. He plunged the knife deep under her ribs, the sensation similar to a punch in the diaphragm. Pulling the knife out, he stabbed her left arm. Pain shot through her and she tried to cry out, but couldnt. All she wanted to do was move away from him, raise her armanything! 
The knife stabbed repeatedly, the pain as real as anything shed ever experienced before. Jacksons face pressed against hers, his breath washing over her in putrid waves of stale alcohol and death, his eyes bulging, accusatory and full of hate. 
You cant feel pain in a dream! Her panicked mind thought. Oh my God, this is real, this is real! Im going to die....

Bursting from the dream, she bolted upright in bed, gasping for breath. A thin sheen of sweat covered her skin and her clothes clung to her, damp and uncomfortable. Her left arm was completely numb and for an instant her dream followed her into wakefulness. Serenity glanced down, expecting to see her flesh hacked to pieces. Instead, an imprint of the sheets marked her skin where her limb had been squashed between her body and the bed. She breathed a sigh of relief. With the blood flow restored to her arm, pins and needles prickled her flesh.
Once again, she was alone.
Serenity rubbed at her arm, flexing her hand back and forth, trying to get rid of the horrible, buzzing sensation. The feeling was too similar to the stabbing and she desperately wanted it to stop.
The dream stuck with her, surrounding Serenity like a dirty aura. This reverie she wouldnt be able to shake off. The reality was almost as bad as the nightmare.
From somewhere downstairs came three resonating chimes from a grandfather clock. 
The horror of what she had done dragged on her heart like a physical weight.
Serenity shuddered. She wanted to roll over and go back to sleep for good. Understandably, she continued to struggle with what she had done, that grief couldnt be healed in a day, but she warred with her emotions. She felt a strange mixture of fear, guilt, relief and anticipation. Part of her wallowed in the terrible act shed committed, but the other part of herthe one arguing that it wasnt her fault when Jackson hit herdesperately wanted to push the incident away and focus on the possibility of her new life. She wanted to wrap herself in thoughts of Sebastian and forget all the horrors of her past.
Even though parts of her wanted to run screaming from what had happened, Serenity wouldnt change meeting Sebastian. He had given her the strength to finally stand up for herself, despite the horrendous consequences.
If asked to choose between Jackson still being alive and meeting Sebastian, she would have been too ashamed to give an answer.
To think she had only met him a few days ago was crazy. How could someone she barely knew have such a huge effect on her life?
She longed for his presence. Perhaps he slept in another part of the house, in his own room. It was three in the morning, after all. Where else would he be?
Serenity swung her legs over the side of the bed. Sebastian had left a table lamp on for her and it cast a warm glow across the room. Her stomach grumbled ominously and she realized she was ravenous. She thought back and couldnt remember the last time shed eaten. It certainly hadnt been anytime in the last twenty-four hours.
Her mind conjured images of crispy strips of bacon and soft scrambled egg, all piled on top of hot, buttered toast, and her mouth watered. The rumble turned into an actual pang and she jumped off the bed and padded across the thick, cream carpet to the bedroom door. Slowly, she opened the door and peered out into an empty hallway. Her ears pricked for any sounds of Sebastian, but the house remained silent.
Four other doors led off the hallway and she walked past each to get to the stairs. She hoped Sebastian would appear from one of the doorways, or shed hear the deep breathing of a man sleeping, but from behind each one came silence accompanied by the feeling of emptiness.
If he wasnt in bed, where was he?
Serenity made her way down the huge staircase and crossed the hall into the kitchen. Despite her hopes, he was nowhere to be seen.
A white piece of paper had been stuck conspicuously to the black marble counter top. A smile lit her face as she crossed the room and picked up the slip of paper. She didnt need to start reading to know the note was for her.
Serenity, help yourself to whatever you want. I have some business to attend. Sorry to disappear again. I would rather be with you.
He finished the note with a couple of Xs and she smiled and touched the kisses with her fingertips.
The promise of food distracted her. She put the letter down and headed for the double-door refrigerator.
Food bulged from every shelf: smoked bacon, fresh orange juice, white chocolate cheesecake, quiche, brie, butter, sausages, bagels, fresh blueberries and strawberries, whipped cream, ring doughnuts with pink icing and sprinkles, pastries.
Every food shed ever dreamed of eating.
Overcome by the need to eat, Serenity grabbed the closest items. Opening boxes and packets, she stuffed quiche, slices of cheese, and smoked ham into her mouth. Despite her dreams of bacon and eggs, Serenity didnt have the patience to wait for anything to cook and ate whatever she could straight out of the fridge. Finishing the savories, she washed them down with a couple of long swigs of orange juice and started on dessert.
She ate so fast, her stomach barely registered the amount shed consumed, and as she pushed the last piece of doughnut into her mouth she realized how full she was. Serenity groaned and laughed at the same time. If Sebastian came back now and found her in the middle of this binge, shed be mortified. Jackson always commented if she put real butter on her bread or sugar in her coffee, now here she was consuming the entire contents of the refrigerator
She looked around at all the open packets and frowned. Everything shed eaten had been brand new. Thered been no open packets of cheese or half-used tubs of butter. Cartons of milk were all full and unopened, as was the orange juice before she started on it. It looked as though he had cleared out everything before her arrival and refilled it again.
The frown deepened. Did he actually live here?
A chill run down Serenitys back; ghostly fingers tracing her spine, across her shoulders. The house felt too big, too empty, and she suddenly wanted to be back in her tiny duplex again. This place had a strange atmosphere, cold and impersonal, more like a museum than a home. Without Sebastian, it was almost unwelcoming.
She shivered again and, with her stomach full to the point of being uncomfortable, she decided she would rather be tucked up in the huge bed than down here in the cold kitchen.
Barefoot, she crossed the cold tiles, heading back across the hallway to the staircase.
A flash of movement cut through the air in front of her, inches from her face. Serenity shrieked and stumbled back.
Rising from a crouch, a tall, red-haired woman stood to her full height. The female seemed to have dropped from the sky. Serenity stared in shock.
The newcomer took her breath away. Red hair sprung in wild curls around her face. Her porcelain skin was flawless, her eyes bright green. She was as slender as a catwalk model, with none of the extra bumps or bulges Serenity had been conscious of her whole life.
What the? but Serenity couldnt find the words.
The woman tossed her hair back and smirked. She eyed Serenity up and down, and Serenity shrunk beneath her gaze.
Hes a fool for bringing you here, she said, her voice tinged with a faint accent, her tone as smooth as warm honey. I never thought he would be so stupid.
Who are you? Serenity said, managing a hoarse whisper.
The red-head reached out and pushed Serenitys hair away from her face, back over her shoulder, mimicking her own actions. Serenity jerked away.
Youre just his little human pet.
What? Though confused and frightened, her anger flared. Who the hell are you? What are you doing in Sebastians house?
Oh, Sebastian and I are old friends.
Old friends? Serenity didnt think shed imagined this strange and intimidating woman implied something more.
Surprise and laughter danced behind the womans strange, brilliant eyes.
You dont know, do you? she laughed. He hasnt told you what he is?
Serenitys cheeks burned with shame. She hated that this woman seemed to know more about Sebastian than she did.
I know enough.
She laughed again and Serenity wanted to slap her perfect face. The laughter disappeared and her face grew hard.
You have no idea what youve got yourself into.
Guilt rose inside her like a tidal wave, heat coloring her skin further. The strange womans words rang in her head, got yourself into...
Anyone might have read the guilt on her face, but this womans perception was uncanny.
Oh, dont worry, she said. I know what you did to your husband but thats not what Im talking about. She leaned in closer. Are you so stupid you havent even noticed the things that are different about him?
She reached out and grabbed Serenitys hand.
Cold! So cold!
Serenity tried to pull away but the woman was freakishly strong. 
Recognize how cold I am? Just like Sebastian, she said. What about how he never sleeps? That he never eats or drinks?
A flicker from her nightmare rose in her mind, but she shook her head, tossing the thought away. She didnt want to know. Whatever it was, she didnt want to know.
Shut up, she shouted, and the woman dropped her hand. Just go away. Leave me alone!
Serenity put her hands over her ears. Tears filled her eyes and streamed down her face.
Little baby, the woman spat. What he does he see in you?
Forcing herself to stand straight, Serenity wiped the tears away. Get out of here, she demanded, her voice hard.
The woman looked surprised, but it didnt last for long. The smirk returned and she looked like Jackson had in the kitchen. Rage boiled through Serenity; a fissure of an underwater volcano.
Surprising herself, she lashed out, her palm flattened, fully intending to slap the obnoxious woman in the face, but her hand never made it that far. The woman caught Serenitys wrist in a cold, hard, grip. It came out of nowhere; she hadnt even seen the womans arm move. Her strength was unworldly and Serenity stared at her hand in a mixture of shock, amazement and horror.
She tried to pull away, but the woman held strong and her hand didnt even budge. Her arm might have been bound in concrete.
Tell Sebastian hes playing with fire, the woman said, her eyes narrowed. Tell him Ive met his little pet bitch now and if he doesnt start behaving himself, Ill make sure I undo all his good work.
She hissedactually hissed like a snakeand Serenity was sure shed seen too much white between her perfect red lips.
The woman sprang away, leaping from Serenity with such speed she appeared as no more than a blur. Serenity caught sight of her again for the briefest of moments in the middle of the staircase and once again in the window, and then she was gone. Serenity felt the difference in the atmosphere, a palpable change in the way the air was charged.
She knew one thing for sure; whatever the woman was, human didnt figure among her qualities.

Chapter Thirteen


Standing at the bottom of the staircase, Serenity trembled. Her heart raced and nausea swept over her. She bent over, certain she was about to lose her earlier binge all over the marble floor. Disorientated, her head swam and the room spun around her, as though she suffered from altitude sickness.
Her brain fought to process what shed seen. The woman couldnt have moved the way she had. It was impossible to move like that.
To move like Sebastian did.
Whatever Sebastian wasand she now thought what as opposed to whomhe was the same as that horrible, terrifying red-head. They had the same porcelain complexion, strange eyes and uncanny strength. Of course, she couldnt forget the coldness of their skin and the impossible way they moved.
Serenitys stomach plummeted. She didnt want it to be true. She wanted to push away the thoughts pressing down upon her, hide her head from the knowledge fighting to be heard. She didnt know exactly what this meant but some part of her reality had shifted. 
She hated the idea of the woman and Sebastian once being together. The thought filled her with a gut-wrenching, painful jealousy. She couldnt get away from the fact the woman was stunning; a more than perfect match for Sebastians beauty. But Sebastian having lovers before wasnt the only thing tormenting her. If he could be with someone so cruel and spiteful, what did that say about him?
It made her wonder; did she really know him at all?
Of course you dont know him, the voice screamed in her head. How can you even worry about his old girlfriends when you dont even know what he is?
Was he even real? Right now, Sebastian being a figment of her imagination was saner than the other possibilities currently nibbling at her mind like hungry fish.
She couldnt even contemplate the other options.
Her legs gave way beneath her and she dropped to her knees on the hard marble floor. She covered her face with her hands. For the first time, the thought she might be in danger came to her. Danger from Sebastian? The thought didnt sit right. Hed taken care of her. Shed not misread his kind treatment. The tenderness she saw in his eyes was real; the gentleness of his touch had not been a lie.
His cold touch.
She shivered again and this time she couldnt stop. The shiver turned into a continuous shudder and her muscles tightened to the point of pain.
This whole time shed managed to lie to herself about Sebastian, ignore and justify the strange things he did. She hadnt wanted to see what he was, but couldnt ignore the statuesque redhead.
If she couldnt ignore the woman and she wasnt crazy, then she had to believe what shed seen. The womans movements, her strength and the things she had said.... Was she even human or was she something unreal? Something supernatural?
If she could believe the woman wasnt human, then the same applied to Sebastian.
Fear and panic gripped her and Serenity clambered to her feet, desperate to get away. Tears blurred her vision. She wore no shoes but she ran for the front door, her only thoughts to get away from this madhouse as quickly as possible.
She wanted nothing to do with this madness.
Inside, her heart broke. She didnt want to believe her thoughtswasnt even sure what she did thinkbut even as she ran, she desperately hoped Sebastian would find her again.
Serenity wrenched the front door open and stumbled down the steps onto the gravel drive. The cool air of the night hit her hot skin, making her terrible shaking worse.
Her bare feet crunched down the gravel driveway, the sharp stones cutting into the tender skin on the balls of her feet. Pain stabbed up through her legs as she ran toward the front gates.
She slammed into them, her hands pressed against the metal bars. Huge and imposing, the gates towered above her, impeding her escape. She wrapped her fingers around the bars and yanked at them, desperately trying to pull the gates open, but they didnt budge. Then she remembered how, on the way in, Sebastian had opened them by using a button on his key fob. 
Frantically, she scanned the stone walls on either side of the gates, looking for a panel containing a button to open the gates, but bare stone met her gaze. The only way to open the gates must be from inside the house.
Exhausted and scared, she pressed her forehead against the cold metal. Tears flowed down her face.
Serenity?
She froze at his voice, breath catching in her chest. In a moment, he stood behind her, his hand on her shoulder. His touch burned like liquid nitrogen, every synapse firing in alarm.
Serenity? he said again. Whats wrong? Whats happened?
Filled with anger that now always seemed to bubble so close to the surface, rage shed kept buried year after year, she spun around, dislodging his hand from her shoulder.
Everything about him was as she remembered, his broad shoulders, the faint lines between his eyes, his full lips. He hadnt morphed into the fearful monster she had conjured in her head.
You had a visitor, she managed through her tears. A womanif you could call her a woman!
The concern on his face turned to surprise, his eyes widening before narrowing in hate.
Madeline! he spat. His green eyes flashed a brilliant yellow, as though a firework had gone off somewhere in the distance and reflected in his eyes. What the hell did she say to you?
His anger frightened her, but she didnt intend to back down. Why? she challenged. What are you hiding?
He glanced away. That was all the answer she needed.
Just let me go, she said, the anger fading, replaced by a thick tiredness. Let me go and I wont say a word to anyone.
Again his eyes widened in surprise. Let you go? Do you think Im holding you against your will?
She sniffed, suddenly feeling small and stupid. Well, I cant get out.
He reached into his pocket and pulled out his keys. He depressed the button on the fob and, slowly and silently, the gates slid open.
Well, he said, his eyes shining. I guess now youre free.
Serenity hesitated.
Her panic dissipated and as he stood before her, all six foot two of him with his startling eyes and generous mouth, she almost wondered why shed been frightened of him at all.
I dont know what Im supposed to think, she said, the tears threatening once again. That womanMadelineshe called me your pet human and she moved so fast I couldnt keep track of her. She was like you, Sebastian!
He shook his head and she saw the pain in his eyes. Shes nothing like me.
No? So where did you come from just then? Why didnt I hear your footsteps on the gravel?
Absurdly, he looked like he was going to cry. The expression looked strange on such a big man and it unnerved her.
If I tell you the truth, he whispered, everything you think you know will change.
Her stomach sank. Suddenly, she didnt want to hear what he had to say.
Sebastian took her by the shoulders and dropped down so they were eye level.
Im not like you, Serenity. My life ended a long time ago.
Tears filled her eyes. What do you mean?
That woman, Madeline, she took me from my life. She used me, fed on me, and then when I was so close to death I begged for it, she turned me into what I am now.
What are you saying? she managed, fear making her voice tremble. What are you?
Vampire, Serenity. I am a vampire.
No! Youre crazy!
His eyes locked on hers and they filled with sadness. You know thats not true.
Overwhelmed, she fell against him and he wrapped his arms around her. Then she remembered what hed said and fought, pushing against his chest.
I dont believe you, she sobbed, terrified, horrified.
He held her up as she sagged at the knees, a puppet in his arms. You have to believe me, Serenity. I dont want to lose you.
Pain and fear radiated from him. She wanted to use his pain, wanted to make him hurt, to prod at it like a hole in a molar. Suddenly, she wanted him to suffer.
Lose me? she barked at him and laughed; crazy, wild. Her fingers knotted in her hair and she stepped away. You shouldnt even exist! Youre not human! How the hell do you think you can lose something you never had?
I was once, he said quietly.
That stopped her. Was what?
Human.
But youre not anymore. She couldnt hide the pleading tone to her voice, desperately hoping for him to laugh and say gotcha.
Part of me still is. But other things are different now; how long I live for, my strength, what I eat to survive.
You kill people, she whispered.
So have you.
Her breath caught in her chest. He was right, of course, but it was different with her, wasnt it?
Dont use that one against me! she said.
Serenity, he reached out, closing the distance between them, space that seemed wider by the minute. Please, Serenity...
Dont touch me! She shook off his hand and stepped back. I cant do this. I just cant.
Let me take you home.
 I dont want anything from you. I dont even want to know you exist.
He reached out again, but she jerked away from him, looking at his hand as though it were a snake about to strike.
He stared at her. I would never hurt you. You must know that.
I dont know anything anymore. What you are is not supposed to be real. Its a myth, a fairytale, a horror story. Youre not supposed to exist!
Im real, Serenity, as real as you are. The way I feel about you is real. I dont blame you for being scared, I would be too, but it doesnt change what I am. He sighed, I cant help what I am.
Her mouth dropped open in amazement. Feel? How can you feel? Youre a freak and what, am I supposed to feel sorry for you?
Emotions caught her in their grip, words spilling from her mouth. She wasnt thinking, just reacting.
At least let me take you home, he offered again.
Dont come anywhere near me! she screamed, her hands held up in defense. I hate you! I wish Id never met you!
The pain her words caused was perceptible on his face and suddenly she was alone in the night, standing barefoot at the open gate.
Loss crashed in from all sides, the night empty without Sebastian. She cried out of confusion and turmoil. She wanted him to come back, at the same time terrified he would.
Her whole perception of reality lay destroyed on the gravel at her feet. Shed never believed in ghosts. Had struggled with the whole God and the Devil thing. Now she was being forced to believe in something out of a nightmare and it was all contained within a man she thought she might love.
She didnt know what to believe.
The loss Serenity felt was also for the possibility of the future shed dare to hope for with Sebastian. A good, happy future.
She had lost everything that mattered.
She should have known better than to hope. Since when did anything in her life come to any good?
Serenity glanced back at the house. What had previously seemed grand now looked obnoxious and imposing. She briefly contemplated going back to get her things but couldnt face it. Part of her desperately wanted to see Sebastian, to tell him she hadnt meant what she said, but fear held her back.
Hopefully a cab driver could be persuaded to take her home. With her bed-head hair, creased clothes and no shoes, she looked a mess. If a cabbie drove right past her without stopping, she wouldnt blame them. A spare key to the house was hidden in a fake rock Jackson had built into their front wall. Shed fought with him about the rock when they were first married, not liking the lack of security. How strange to think in the end, the danger had come from inside her home.
Serenity barely felt the stones cutting into the bottoms of her feet as she started her long walk home.


Chapter Fourteen


Serenity thought shed never sleep but exhaustion worked through her and, though she believed her mind would never rest, it did.
When she woke the next morning, Serenity knew she couldnt stay in the house. Everywhere she turned, reminders of Jackson lingered. His presence surrounded her, so strong she found herself spinning around, expecting to find him standing, furious and dead, behind her.
How could a house feel so haunted when the supernatural she feared was outside?
Memories filled the place; none of them good. She would have to find a motel to stay in until she figured out what the hell to do with herself.
She had no family or friends, no job, and a house she couldnt live in. No part of her life was tangible.
Serenity didnt want to admit it but deep down she had hoped Sebastian would be her way out. She thought he would take her away from all of this. Now she was stuck in the house where shed lived with her abusive husband, the house she murdered him in, and she couldnt see a way out. Staying in a hotel was only short term. They bought the house just after they got married and she wouldnt be able to sell without Jacksons signature or the authorities knowing he was dead.
Ironically, even in death, Jackson tied her to him.
This time, she couldnt rely on a man to save her.
The thought made her bolt upright in bed. Was that what shed done again; waited for another man to save her?
When she met Jackson, she thought he would save her from her step-father. Now shed done exactly the same thing with Sebastian.
Serenity groaned and put her head in her hands. Could she be any more pathetic? Perhaps her feelings for Sebastian were never real? Maybe shed seen what she wanteda handsome knight to rescue herand her sick mind had conjured up the emotions needed to escape Jackson?
The ache in her heart told a different story.
She couldnt love Sebastian. He was a fucking vampire! Even the thought made her brain hurt, as though the idea was too much. Every instinct told her Sebastian being a vampire was impossible, but she couldnt deny what shed seen. In so many ways, he just seemed like a man whod shown her the possibility of a normal life. For the first time, shed believed it possible to have someone in her life that actually cared about her. She didnt want to think about what he was, yet the memory of his fingertips on her skin and the way he looked at her filled Serenitys mind.
Her lower lip quivered and a lump choked her throat. She wished she could take back the knowledge, rewind the last twelve hours and return to the safe, warm place of not knowing. 
The sound of the doorbell startled Serenity from her thoughts and set her heart racing. No one ever rang the bell.
She wiped away the tears dampening her cheeks. The mailman probably had a package too big for the box; Jackson liked to order things on the Internet. The thought didnt stop the flutter of nervous butterflies playing havoc in her stomach and a thin sheen of cold sweat coated her palms.
She had fallen asleep fully dressed minus her shoes and didnt need to worry about answering the door in her nightwear. Nevertheless, she hadnt made it out of her bedroom door before the person rang the bell twice more.
That got her moving.
Perhaps its Sebastian, the stupid, hopeful little part of her thought. No, since when did he bother to ring the bell? Hell, when did he bother to use the door?
Anyway, its daytime. Vampires cant come out in the light.
The notion sent a shiver through her. 
Shaking off the idea, and with the doorbell still ringing in short, insistent bursts, Serenity rushed down the stairs. Through the textured glass in the front door, she made out the silhouettes of two figures. Alarm raced through her.
Keeping the chain on, she opened the door to find two policemen standing on her doorstep. She peered through the gap.
Mrs. Hathaway? the taller of the officers asked.
She nodded and closed the door again to remove the chain. Her shaking hands rattled the metal as she unhooked it from the doorframe.
How can I help? she asked, opening the door fully.
Her face was still wet from tears and her skin felt tight and shiny. Her eyes must be bloodshot from crying and the policemen would notice something amiss. 
The taller of the officers offered her a smile that reached his dark brown eyes, and she allowed herself to relax a little.
Im so sorry to bother you, Mrs. Hathaway, said the taller officer. Im Officer Bently. This is my partner, Officer Dawson. The older, fatter man gave her a tight smile. Were trying to find your husband.
Her stomach tightened. My husband? Hes..., her voice broke. Hes not here.
Do you know when hell be back?
Her cheeks flushed, but she hoped theyd think it was out of embarrassment as opposed to guilt.
My husband, she said again, left me. Two days ago. Im sorry, but I dont know where he is.
The two officers exchanged glances and Serenity thought she might collapse.
Officer Dawson stepped forward. 
Hes playing the bad-cop, Serenity decided.
Do you mind if we come in, Mrs. Hathaway? Wed like to take a look around.
She hesitated for a moment, Can I ask what this is about?
Her compulsive need to please rose within her but alarm bells rang and she didnt want these men snooping around her house.
Of course not Dawson said. The younger officer beside him cleared his throat and stared awkwardly at the ground. Weve had an allegation of an attack.
Her heart nearly stopped and the blood drained from her face. She couldnt speak.
An attack? she managed to whisper.
The voice in her head shouted, They know! They know! They know!
Officer Bently took over. Im so sorry to tell you this, but a woman came to the station in the early hours of this morning and reported that your husband sexually attacked her late last night.
 Her mind burred again, the world around her spinning. Are you sure youve got the right person?
The woman in question claims she knows your husband. She said theyve met on several occasions.
She shook her head, her face a mask of confusion. I dont understand how this is possible.
I realize how shocking this must be to you, but we need to follow up these allegations. Im not saying youre harboring your husband, but we need to be certain. We can always come back with a warrant, he added.
No, no, please come in. She backed away from the door, allowing the two police officers into her home.
Images of Jacksons body, soaked in blood and askew on the floor, flashed through her mind. Would they see it? No, she was being paranoid. They were policemen, not psychics.
Serenity guided the two men into the living room, desperate not to have them in the kitchen, and both men ended up perched on the edge of her couch. Serenity sat opposite on the occasional chair. She leaned forward, her hands clasped together.
When was the last time you saw your husband? Officer Bently asked.
Her mind raced, thinking back. I brought him home from the hospital three days ago, but the next day he felt better and said he was going to the bar for a drink. I went to bed and when I woke up I realized he wasnt home and some of his stuff was missing.
Shed been talking too much, too fast, a stream of consciousness pouring from her mouth.
Your husband was in the hospital? Officer Dawson asked. A frown creased his chubby face.
Yeah, I... she stumbled over her words, feeling sick. I assumed you already knew.
We wouldnt check hospital records without good reason, Bently said.
No, of course not.
And what did you do when you realized hed left you? Bently continued, Have you tried to contact him at all? Called his cell?
No, she said again. His leaving wasnt exactly a surprise. Weve been having some problems... she trailed off, already feeling like shed said too much.
Could you call him now for us, Mrs. Hathaway?
The request came from Dawson and Serenity turned to him and blinked. She hadnt even thought about Jacksons cell. She had no idea where it was, or if Sebastian took the phone when he packed the rest of Jacksons things.
 Dont worry, said Officer Bently.  You wont have to speak to him. We just want to see if he answers.
She noddednot trusting herself to speakand stood and walked over to the phone. She had Jacksons cell on speed dial and her hand shook as she placed the call.
From somewhere upstairs came the thin, piping sound of a Nokia ring tone.
Three sets of eyes rose toward the ceiling and Serenity slowly put down the phone.
Hes not up there, she said, certain she knew their thoughts. They probably thought she had him hidden in the closet or stashed under the bed. If only they knew the truth.
Mind if we take a look? asked Officer Bently, rising to his feet.
She took a shaky breath and shook her head. They wouldnt find anything, but she couldnt help the irrational thoughts pressing their way into her brainbloodied clothes lying on the bathroom floor, Jacksons body sprawled on the bed.
Officer Bentlys partner followed as he mounted the stairs. She wasnt sure if she should follow but realized she didnt want two strange men poking around the bedroom without her.
So she followed.
The duplex was small, the tiny landing leading straight onto the bedroom with doors to the bathroom and Jacksons study either side. The officers went straight to the bedroom. They did a quick search of the bedroom and Serenity got the impression it wasnt just Jackson they were looking for. Their eyes seemed to scan every surface, probably noticing more than Serenity would ever take in.
They took a brief glance in the bathroom, a quick check to make sure toiletries were missing, matching up with Serenitys story. Every step of the way, Serenity found herself silently thanking Sebastian, but even the thought of him in this intense situation hurt her heart.
The two officers walked into Jacksons office and she followed close behind.
The piles of porn, empty beer cans and the mess made her cringe. She hadnt bothered to switch off the computer and was thankful it had automatically switched to standby, hiding the streams of filth from the officers.
Mortified, she hung her head.
Suddenly, Officer Bently lifted a hand. His palm lunged toward her face and she instinctively flinched, but his hand carried on past as he reached for the shelves mounted on the wall behind her head. He plucked the small silver Nokia off the shelf. The officer checked the display screen and showed it to her.
One missed call.
The call shed just made from downstairs.
Officer Bently frowned, his eyes searching her face. She knew he recognized what the flinch meant, probably had seen it numerous time with other women. Something passed between them, something that said I know what you are. Her eyes pleaded with him not to mention what he had deduced.
What was your husband in the hospital for? he asked.
She blushed. We had an accident in the bedroom. He fell backward and hit his head on the dresser.
So the man youre apparently still intimate with has an injury bad enough to warrant a stay in hospital and then he leaves you the next day, but you dont even bother to try to call him?
We werent intimate, she said, her cheeks burning with shame. At least, not willingly.
So your husband has a history of sexual abuse?
His words socked her in the stomach.
But he couldnt... have done it! she almost blurted.
Couldnt? he prompted.
He couldnt help it, she said.
So why didnt you try to call him before now?
I knew he didnt have his cell, she said in a hurry.
Then why did you place the call?
I forget.
The two officers exchanged a glance.
Ive said too much, she thought. Oh God, theyll know what I did.
A bubble of panic formed in her stomach and she fought to contain the terror. The officer, initially friendly, had now switched to interrogation mode. They knew something wasnt quite right; they just didnt know what.
Officer Bently stared at her, his deep brown eyes locking with hers. She forced herself to maintain eye contact; certain simply glancing away would confirm her guilt. This man seemed to be reading her soul as though her secrets were printed upon her skin.
Officer Dawson cleared his throat again; almost a nervous tick rather than trying to get attention.
Okay, Mrs. Hathaway, he said, and she tore her eyes from his partner. Im sure you realize this is a very serious matter. If you have any information on the whereabouts of your husband, please contact us.
She nodded and they traipsed down the stairs toward the front door.
Officer Dawson slipped a card into her hand, but her attention focused on Bently. The way he looked at her made her uncomfortable.
Thank you for your time, Dawson said as she opened the front door.
She gave him a tight smile and stood beside the door, relieved they were leaving.
Both officers started to walk down the path, but Bently stopped and turned back to her.
Im going to check out your story about the hospital and the timings at the bar, of course. If Ive got any other questions, you can be sure Ill be back.
She nodded again, but said nothing.
The two men turned and walked away from the house toward a patrol car parked on the street. 
Emotions whirled through her. How could someone accuse Jackson of attacking them when Jackson was dead?
Either someone had a huge grudge against Jackson or someone wanted to mess things up for her.
Officer Bently glanced back at her as he walked away. Quickly, she stepped back and shut the door. How far would they follow this? Would they run a check on his credit cards? She wondered if Sebastian had done as hed promised and used the cards in another state.
It seemed strange to think someone like him would even bother to give time to such a mediocre thing.
A crazy laugh tried to explode from her but, scared of the sound, she held it back.
The thought of Sebastian hurt her deep down and she desperately wished him beside her. But, once again, she remembered what he was and her eyes filled with tears. How could she believe him a monster when every part of her soul wanted to be with him?
She put her hand against her cheek, remembering how his palm felt against her skin.
As though in a trance, Serenity wandered back into the living room and slumped down on the couch. She felt strangely numb and incredibly lonely. Everything shed depended upon in her life, every routine, had gone. She had no job to go to; no friends or family to visit.
What does a woman who gets fired from her job, murders her abusive husband and then falls in love with ashe couldnt even bring herself to think the worddo with her day?
She needed to get out of the house. She would have packed the same bag shed packed the night she decided to leave Jackson, only Sebastian had already taken it, filled with Jacksons things.
Two things worried her. She didnt want the police to think she was running away; nor did she want them to be any more suspicious. There was also the thing that had been bothering her that night as well. This was the only place Sebastian knew where to find her.
She was scared if she left, she would never see him again.

Chapter Fifteen


His time had come to feed the previous night; otherwise, he would never have left Serenity alone.
Sebastian sat on a wall by Venice Beach, watching the weird and wonderful inhabitants of this part of Los Angeles conduct their business.
Night had fallen once more, but Venice Beach came to life at night. Small stalls selling everything from paintings for tourists, to smoking paraphernalia for the locals, lined the promenade wall. Opposite the stalls, more shops selling much of the same intermixed with tattoo parlors and cheap restaurants. People on skateboards or roller-skates raced down the promenade, many of them with large, brutish dogs on leashes. Everyone shouted to each other, whether they were acquainted or not. Dreadlocks adorned many heads, even the Caucasian men and women, and bright colored, baggy clothing hung from their skinny frames. 
Underhand drug dealing seemed to be taking place everywhere Sebastian turned; money changed hands and small packages followed. A few men sitting on the floor held cards reading, will work for drugs. Laughably, another sign requesting, no photographs was propped up beside the first. Among them the tourists wandered with their smart vacation clothes and their mouths agape.
Sebastian hadnt wanted to leave Serenity last night, but necessity forced his hand. He didnt have to kill all the time, but once a month was his absolute minimum. Though he stretched the time as much as possible, when the time came he grew weak, his body wracked with pain. He couldnt risk the need to feed taking over his ability to reason.  He refused to envision hurting Serenity as a result of his carelessness. Sebastian thought hed be able to sneak out; hed hoped she slept right though, never noticing him gone. Hed written the note just in case.
The events following his departure interrupted his hunt. Though unable to read thoughts, he was deeply aware of Serenity, of her presence occupying the same night. Sensing something at the house was wrong, hed headed back immediately. Sebastian hadnt been fast enough. He should be thankful in a way. Madeline could have slaughtered Serenity when she found her alone. For him to find Serenity shaken but still in one piece had been a relief. As soon as she turned around and he witnessed the hatred and fear in her eyes, his heart shattered into a thousand pieces.
How much could you hate yourself before eventually having to accept what you were?
He didnt expect Serenity to see him as a good person, but at the same time the thought of her seeing him as a killer was unbearable.
There was no happy ending to this story.
Bringing her to the house had been a mistake. Hed only prolonged the pain. Eventually, Sebastian would have left and broken her heart, even if shed never discovered the truth. Serenity wouldnt have been the only one in pain; leaving her would have destroyed him as well. 
Now she hated him and he needed to let her get on with her life. It was the only way she would ever be happy.
As he sat, brooding, a bulky black man approached with a portable CD player in his hand.
Hey man, you want to listen to my music? He held out the headphones but Sebastian shook his head.
Its good shit, the man continued. Come on, man, you can buy my CD.
This tout was common place. Numerous people walked the beach, trying to sell their rap music to tourists, hoping to make it big one day.
No, but thank you, Sebastian said, staring back down at the ground.
Whats the matter? You think youre better than me? Immediately, the big mans hackles rose. Fucking posh, white man too good to listen to my music?
The man was angry; Sebastian was angrier.
He lifted his head, eyes flaming yellow in the dark. Confused horror flashed across the mans face. He stumbled backward and hurried away, not daring to glance back.
Sebastian let out a sigh and reigned in his temper. He needed to feed. He was a day past his normal meal time and weakness crept through his body, accompanied by a dull ache in every muscle. Hed never taken drugs, but imagined what he felt would be similar to the withdrawals a crack addict experienced. He needed to feed, but saw in his mind how Serenity looked at him and how, by feeding, he was being the monster she perceived.
Every time Sebastian thought of the things Serenity said, he felt as if someone stabbed him in the chest.
This was all wrong.
He should never have let things go so far. She was a human. Hed exposed her vulnerability and put her in danger. He couldnt blame her for freaking out; hed shown her a part of life shed only known in myths and movies.
Had he ever felt so alone in his whole existence?
Yes, once, in the dark days, after hed first been turned and taken away from his wife and young daughter. In those days he experienced a similar kind of pain, the agony of being taken away from people he loved.  
Sebastian groaned and put his head in his hands. Serenitys words kept turning over and over in his mind, 
I hate you, youre a monster!
He cringed, wanting to curl up into a ball and squeeze himself together until he became nothing, but no longer existing wasnt easy for his kind.
If hed stuck to his original plan and left town when he intended, Serenity would be free from him now.
Although shed probably be locked up for murder.
He should stand up and walk out of town but he couldnt bring himself to do it. With Madeline in the city, Serenity was no longer safe. To walk away would certainly guarantee Serenitys death.
Sebastian was angry at himself for not having the strength to leave sooner. Now, if he left, Madeline would kill Serenity just to spite him. 
Only by doing what Madeline wanted and forcing himself to go back to her, would he keep Serenity safe.
The thought created a black callus around his heart.
Returning to Madeline would be a double blow. Hed lose the woman who meant something to him and be forcing himself to live with the creature who stole his life.
The only other option was to fight and, of course, fighting contained risks for Serenity.
The darker side of him wanted to fight. He wanted to destroy Madeline, but it wasnt so easy. One vampire could not kill another.
However, there were other ways to make them stop.
Someone passed in front of Sebastian, making him glance up. A small, wiry man in his late thirties caught the vampires attention. Acne scars pitted and marked his thin face, his narrow shoulders stooped. As he walked, he spoke into a headset linked, Sebastian assumed, to a cell phone in his pocket.
Sebastian couldnt read minds but he knew when someone was no good. People had an aura he could sense and, should were it visible, this mans aura would have been a thick black smog surrounding him.
Silently, Sebastian rose to his feet. To kill was wrong, no matter who the victim, and he tried to only take the ones who didnt deserve to be alive. He didnt want to choose who lived and died, but had no choice. Though he would never make peace with it, he had come to accept his role.
The man slipped down an alley, between the shops, disappearing from view for a few moments. Sebastian followed, rounding the corner. A couple of external security lights on the adjacent buildings offered scant amounts of light.
Sebastian pulled up short. They were not alone in the alley; someone else had tracked down his next meal.
Madeline stood in the middle of the alley with the man slumped in her arms. She had broken his neck, but he was still alive and his panic-stricken eyes searched Sebastians.
Hello, Sebastian, she said.
He glared at her. What do you want?
She held up the dying man, Ive got you a present.
Sebastian looked at the man, his eyes glowing. Hunger ran in a fierce current through his whole body. His jaw worked, his fists clenched and unclenched. Every part of him screamed out for blood.
He didnt want anything she offered. Madeline tainted everything she came into contact with.
I dont want anything from you.
She shrugged and let the man drop to the ground. He lay there, still conscious, but unable to move, watching the horror play out above him.
I thought youd want to know that the police have been sniffing around your little girlfriend, she said. Apparently they had a report of her husband raping a woman last night. She paused. Strange, considering hes dead.
Sebastian stared at her. What the hell have you done?
Just giving you a little warning. She stepped over the man, closing the distance between them. Its going to be best for her if you hurry up and make your decision. Remember, I know things. I know how we hide the bodies, because Im the one who taught you. You wouldnt want the police to get wind of thingsespecially if something of hers, she produced Serenitys S necklace, dangling the thin silver chain from her gloved fingertips, ended up covered in his blood beside the body.
Sebastian wanted to wrap his hands around her throat and squeeze the life from her, and it wasnt just the piece of silver keeping him away. Dont you fucking dare! he snarled. I could kill you for this.
Madeline laughed. You know you cant hurt me, Sebastian.
He roared, spinning away from her.
But humor me, she said from behind him. What do you find so attractive about your little human? Shes pathetic.
Sebastians eyes narrowed and he spun back around. Madeline possessed a genuine disdain for all humans. She found it impossible to take anything positive from their emotions.
She is stronger than you give her credit for.
Strong? Ive crushed people stronger than her.
She understands pain.
Madeline snorted.
And she knows how to love.
I can love! she said, an irritating whine affecting her voice.
If that were true, you wouldnt be here right now. Sebastian shook his head and stared at her in pity. When you love someone, youll do whatever it takes to make sure theyre safe, even if doing so causes you pain.
Youve never felt real pain! she spat.
The pity turned to contempt. Why would you want to be with someone who hates you?
I dont care how you feel about me. Its irrelevant. Were the same, Sebastian, cant you understand? Were family; I created you. If you were my son or my lover, we couldnt be closer.
 Youre crazy. Even families who hate each other have some love beneath the surface. I feel nothing for you. Nothing!
Give it time, she said. After all, the one thing we have is time.
He pressed his lips together. Madeline left him with no choice. He wouldnt let her cause Serenity any harm.
I need to see her, he said. I need to make sure she is all right and then, he hesitated before forcing himself to say the words. You and I can leave the city together.
Madeline smiled triumphantly, baring her white teeth.
I knew youd come to your senses, she said.
She turned and walked away from him like a regular woman, her slim hips swaying from side to side, her long red hair brushing down her back. The short black dress she wore clung to her curves and her high heeled boots clipped on the ground.
The minute she was out of his sight, he dropped to the man lying on the ground. Barely conscious, but still alive enough to give Sebastian what he needed for another month.
With palpable pleasure and relief akin to orgasm, he sank his teeth into the mans throat, piercing the artery. Warm blood gushed into his mouth, his lips sealing around the puncture. The iron taste rushed over his tongue and down his throat, revitalizing him. Its warmth spread throughout his body, racing through his arteries, veins and capillaries. The blood was his sustenance, what he needed to survive, and gave him strength and power. 
Sebastian sat up on his haunches, the dead man at his feet, relishing in the power pulsating through him.
He couldnt stay that way for long.
Streams of people walked past the entrance of the alley, but none turned to look down. On a subconscious level, humans picked up on the scent of blood in the air, a primeval part of them knowing not to look; this part of life was supposed to stay in the dark.
He didnt normally kill out in the open, but hed been unable to control his need with the broken man at his feet. The darkness offered some cover but he was taking too much of a risk. Someone with little or no perceptive abilities could stumble upon him and he didnt want to kill again.
Sebastian forced himself to focus. Madeline was out there somewhere. She could easily go to Serenity and kill her. He didnt think she would; after all, Serenity was her bargaining tool. With her dead, Madeline knew Sebastian wouldnt spend another minute with her. But that wouldnt stop Madeline from causing trouble. Madelines threats to plant evidence linking Serenity to the murder of her husband scared him. Serenity wouldnt survive in prison.
 Hed get Serenitys necklace back if it killed him.
Sebastian would go to Serenity one last timenot to speak to herjust to catch one last glimpse and say his own private goodbye. 
Serenity seeing him again would only terrify her. He didnt want to put her through any more fear, nor experience her dread and loathing all over again.  
He bent down and scooped up the body. Void of life, it was heavier than normal, but the weight meant nothing to the vampire. He couldnt leave the corpse lying around. The ones vampires fed from, unless properly treated, had the potential to turn into something diabolical. The movie world of Los Angeles knew the result as a zombie. In truth, the creatures didnt understand if they were alive or dead. They didnt munch on human flesh or attack people, merely wandered through the human world with no idea who or what they were. If the medical profession got hold of one, they would struggle to find a heartbeat or brain function. To become a vampire, life had to be given back to the un-dead, blood needed to be fed and then they would turn.
So the bodies required dealing with; leaving them exposed would create chaos and expose his kind. In a growing city, locating the perfect thing to contain them was easy. Hundreds of years ago, things hadnt been so simple, hence the prevalence of superstition and belief and rumors of vampires. Now he struggled to cross the city without finding a suitable dumping ground.
Wet concrete.
By the time the victims came around, the concrete had hardened around them. Deprived of any sustenance and oxygen, the bodies quickly passed into a normal afterlife. Even true vampires were susceptible. Though they had the potential to live for centuries with no air or blood, their existence would be agony. Even with a vampires strength, they couldnt fight their way through tons of hardened concrete.
With the body in his arms, Sebastian leaped to the top of the building beside him. With silent speed, he moved across the rooftops, heading toward a new construction site located above Del Ray Marina.
At this time of night, the site was deserted. New foundations for an apartment block, laid that afternoon, stretched out in front of him. The top of the concrete had begun to set, but beneath the crust, the material was still loose. With all his strength, he plunged the body deep into the wet concrete.
This was one body that wouldnt be coming back. Just like Serenitys husband.
Sebastian shook off what hed done. He hated this part of himself. Hated it! He wished he could exist without having to take life.
For almost a year, Sebastian had tried to live on animal blood, scavenging the numerous stray dogs and cats haunting Southern Spain, but it wasnt possible.
After only a few months, he found himself changing. Though physically he had remained the sameinhumanly fast and stronghe found his mind altered. Where before, his thoughts had been clear and coherent, they lost focus. He lost periods of time and his aggression took control until he reacted purely on instinct. All rationality and reasoning evaded him. 
To keep even a fraction of his humanity, he needed human blood. If he became an animal, he would lose all concepts of right and wrong, and he feared his capacity to kill would be untamed. Then the loss of human life would be uncountable. He would kill ruthlesslywomen, children, all the innocents.
Though unproven, Sebastian believed this change formed the basis of the werewolf myth. Vampires, trying to survive on the blood of animalsstray cats and dogsended up becoming like one of them; killing only for sport and aggression. What those vampires had wanted to achieve, by not taking human life, actually made them monsters.
Maybe he was a monster, regardless. But he also hurt and only one thing could ease the pain; seeing the woman he loved.


Chapter Sixteen


Serenity sat on her front doorstep with a bag at her feet and her head in her hands. Her house lay in darkness behind her. Unsure of when shed be back, if ever, she had turned off all the lights and turned off the power. 
She had been desperate to get out of the house, yet found herself unable to make it past her own front step. The sadness Serenity held inside weighed her down, so much so she couldnt persuade her feet to move. Too weary to fight the lethargy, she sat down where she was, relieved to be out of the house, but too scared and sad to venture out into the world.
Finding the energy to raise her head, she discovered Sebastian standing before her.
Going someplace? he said. With tight features, he glanced down at the bag.
Serenity gasped. Despite her prayers, she hadnt expected to see him.
He took a step forward and she reared back.
Please dont be frightened of me, he begged. I would never, ever hurt you.
The sound of his voice was enough to ensure another break down and she put her head back in her hands, painful sobs wracking her body.
He sat on the step beside her and gingerly touched her back. This time she didnt flinch at his touch, but continued to cry. On the road in front of them, a car passed by, the headlights momentarily illuminating them.
Gently, he rubbed her back and remained silent until she managed to restrain her tears.
When she calmed, she looked up at him.
I cant be frightened of you, she said, her eyes searching his. I dont know how. She sniffed and wiped at her face. I know what you are, and... God, I cant even bring myself to think about what you are. All I can see is you, the man I met, the man whos always there when I need him.
Im still that man, he said, pulling her into his arms. Im just something more.
She resisted him for a moment, but then she relaxed and pressed her weight against the comforting bulk of his chest. Everything about him was so familiar; the breadth of his shoulders, the strength of his arms, his scent. He felt like home.
I know I should run right now, she said into his neck, but I cant imagine going on another day knowing you wont be part of my life.
 The woman at my house, he began. Her name is Madeline and she wants me to join her. She wants me to spend the rest of eternity with her.
Her hold on him tightened. You cant! The thought of Sebastian with that woman hurt deep inside.
If I dont leave with Madeline, she will come back and kill you.
Let her. If I cant be with you, I have nothing else to live for.
He pulled away, shock registering in his beautiful green eyes. You dont mean that?
She held his gaze. Dont I? What do I have, Sebastian? No family, no friends, no job. My life is empty.
Now that Jackson is dead, you can have those things.
I have no life. Anyway, if Madeline doesnt kill me, shell make sure Im locked up for Jacksons murder.
Not if I leave with her.
Jealousy burned inside of her. Is that what you want?
No! Never! You have no idea what shes done to my life.
Then kill her, Serenity said fiercely.
The shock never left his face. I cant. No vampire can kill another. Its impossible. Believe me, if I could kill her, I would have done it a long time ago
Serenity couldnt hold back her curiosity. What did she do to you?
Shes done this beforeblackmailed me so I would stay with her, he said. She stole me from my family and told me if I ever tried to contact them again, she would slaughter them all.
He looked away, his eyes haunted. Did I ever tell you I had a family, a long time ago? His face was cast in shadows, lost in the pain of memories. I had a wife, Antoinette, and a daughter, Isabelle. My daughter was only four years old when I was taken. Madeline made me what I am. Shes a creature who believes she is entitled to whatever she wants
Serenity absorbed his words. It occurred to her on a deeply selfish level that she should be thankful to Madeline; if she hadnt done what she had Serenity would never have met Sebastian.
Did you ever... she sought for the words. Were you ever tempted to take your family with you?
He didnt look at her. I want to tell you the thought never crossed my mind, but I would be lying. I was desperate for them, I missed them so much. All I wanted was to be with them, but the thought horrified me. I mean, my daughter was four years old! Could you imagine what it would do to her? A child vampire! I loved them so much; I would never have done it to them.
I also had Madeline to worry about. If she thought I still loved my family, she would kill them. I was forced to watch them from a distance; first mourn my death and then get over my passing.
I cant tell you how hard that was; my family living their lives without me. My wife remarried, my daughter had a new father. Over time, time that seemed to run frighteningly fast for me, they grew old and died; first my wife and then my daughter.
Serenity asked, Didnt she have any children of her own, your daughter I mean?
He nodded. But I had to make a choice. My presence in their lives endangered them and I had to let go. I was a ghost to them.
God, Sebastian, she reached out and touched the back of his hand, the fine hairs soft beneath her fingertips. Im so sorry.
I dont want you to be sorry for me, Serenity. I didnt tell you to gain your pity. I want you to understand why I cant be in your life. I would be repeating what happened all those years ago.
She grabbed his other hand.
Please dont leave me, she begged. How am I supposed to live my life knowing youre out there somewhere?
I cant be with you. 
But I have nothing! Cant you understand? What would I be losing?
Oh, Serenity, cant you see? Its for the possibility. The life you can live. You can remarry; even have children of your own.
At the mention of her own children, pain stabbed in her stomach, a psychological, yet ever so physical pain she couldnt ignore. The one thing shed always wanted in her life was to give birth to children, to give her own child the adoration, love and support she never had.
However, she couldnt carry children of her own. Natures cruelty had shown her as much by killing her unborn babies over and over again. Whatever she could do to rebel against nature was all good in her viewpoint.
So now do you understand why you cant come with me, why we can never be together? he asked. Reaching up, he touched her face. I will be forced to watch you grow old and then you will die without me and I will be left here alone.
She was dying inside.
Your world will be changing, he said, but I will remain the same.
So make me one of you. Make me a vampire.
You dont know what youre asking.
All I want is you.
You would forget me in time, he said. If I turned you, it would be forever.
Forever with you sounds pretty good to me, she said, managing to smile through her tears.
He grabbed her hand, squeezing her fingers hard enough to hurt.
I will never allow myself to put you in my hell. I kill people, Serenity. Do you understand? I murder people. Do you think you could do that? Murder someone and drink their blood so you can survive?
I murdered someone so I could survive. She spoke quietly, staring into his eyes.
He shook his head and glanced away. Its not the same.
No, its not. You kill people you have no connection to. I killed the person I stood in a church with and professed to love until the day I died. Which is worse?
Its not the same, he said again, but without the same conviction.
They sat in silence for a moment, listening to the city rush past.
So, he said. Are you going to tell me where you were going?
Serenity looked down at the bag and laughed. I told myself I was going to a hotel, but I think I was really waiting for you.
Lying to yourself, huh?
I discovered Im very good at convincing myself of things over the years.
I told myself I wasnt even going to talk to you. I just wanted to see you one last time.
She smiled at him. Im glad you did.
I guess youre not the only one good at self-deception.
The silence settled back upon them. There was just the touch of hands; one warm, the other cool.
So now what? Serenity asked. 
He shook his head. I dont know. All I want is for you to be safe and you wont be with me around.
 Dont even say it! she said. I will not stand by and watch you leave me for her!
Sebastian didnt speak. 
Serenity filled in the silence. I packed the bag because I couldnt stay at the house. The guilt was too much. I thought about going to a hotel, but the police have been sniffing around. SomeoneMadeline, I thinkhas told them....
Sebastian interrupted, It was her, she told me.
I didnt want the police to think I was running away. I figured if they couldnt find me, they would immediately think I was hiding something.
Youre right, but we cant go back to my house. Madeline will know to find you there.
Her heart lifted. He wasnt going to leave her.
Its just for tonight, he said, bringing her back down. I wont put you at risk.
She would take it. Even if they only had one night, she would take it.
We have to get a cab, Sebastian said. I own a car but I rarely use the vehicle unless I need to be viewed as human.
Dont vampires fly like bats? she asked, teasingly, partly testing for the truth.
He grinned. Not when theyre travelling with humans, he said, not answering the question.
Sebastian managed to wave down a cab. He opened the door for Serenity and she climbed in the back. Sebastian slid in beside her, leaned forward and told the driver to take them to the Hilton Airport.
Its a busy hotel, he told her. People are constantly coming and going. We can be anonymous.
They needed to disappear for the night, hide from Madeline, if possible.
The driver dropped them off at the hotels entrance and accepted Sebastians generous tip without so much as a thanks. Sebastian took Serenitys hand and with the other, carried her bag.
Feeling conspicuous, Serenity stood beside Sebastian while he booked a suite for the night. The receptionist behind the desk was all smiles and hair flips as she served Sebastian, trying to impress the intense, gorgeous man in front of her. The woman glanced at Serenity and her eyes flicked back to Sebastian. Serenity blushed; the receptionist probably wondered what someone like Sebastian was doing with her.
They rode in the elevator in silence, close together, their arms touching.
The doors pinged open and Serenitys whole body tensed with excitement. To be alone with Sebastian, just the two of them, with no threat of Jackson ever finding out and safe from Madeline, made her head swim. She followed his broad back out of the elevator and down the long corridor until they reached their room.
Sebastian used a keycard to open the door and Serenity walked in, her mouth dropping open.
They entered into a sitting room, complete with couches, a huge television, and a separate bathroom. Another door led to the bedroom, which had a bathroom leading off it. She didnt even have two bathrooms in her house! The bed was huge. As wide as it was long, she could have slept lengthways. Crisp white sheets covered the mattress and soft feather pillows sat at the head of the bed.
She ran her hand across the sheets, relishing the softness of the material and imagining how she would sink right into the bed.
You can sleep, he told her. Ill be right out here. He gestured to the couch.
Stay with me till I fall asleep? she asked, reaching her hand out toward him. I dont want to be alone.
He took her hand. Youre not alone. Not anymore.
Serenity turned her back on him and quickly slipped out of her jeans. She slid beneath the sheets wearing only panties and her tee.
Sebastian sat on a chair opposite but she pulled back the covers, exposing the other side. If she only had one night with him she was determined to make the most of it.
He hesitated for a moment, and then went to her, slipping into bed fully clothed.
With a shy smile, she tugged his shirt up over his hard stomach. Pulling the shirt over his head, she exposed his perfect upper-body. A ridge ran down between his abs, leading to a line of dark hair, contrasting against his pale skin.
He lay down beside her and dipped his head to hers. Their lips touched; a gentle, tentative question. Serenity responded, pressing her body up against his, fitting him into her curves. Sebastian gave a low moan, deep in his throat, and kissed her more passionately. His tongue searched her mouth, lightly touching her teeth, her lips. They tugged at each others clothing, desperate to expose skin, to feel flesh upon flesh.
All she wanted was Sebastian, to taste him and touch him. She wanted to take him in her mouth, envelope him in her arms, be consumed by him. He filled her heart and she wanted him to take over her soul.
Nothing bad could happen to her while she was in his arms.
His fingers traced her flat stomach, pulling her t-shirt up and over her head. She could barely breathe in anticipation. He bent down and kissed her stomach, his lips tweaking her skin in tiny nips.
You are so beautiful, he breathed against her skin. Sebastian moved upward, slipping her bra straps from her shoulders and freeing the pale swells of her breasts. His cold mouth engulfed one nipple, pulling it into a tight nub and worshipping it with his tongue, before moving on to the next. 
The vampire moved back down her body and she shivered as he knelt between her legs. His cool lips pressed against her hot flesh, sending fire racing through her molten core.
Serenity reached down to his head. Locking her fingers in his hair, she arched her hips up to meet his mouth. His tongue teased her, kissing the inside of her thighs. He moved higher, tasting every fold, breathing in her scent.
A moan escaped her lips and he raised his head, but she shook her head frantically and pushed him back down between her thighs.
She was close, so close, but he pulled away and crept up her body. He raised himself over her, his cool chest pressing against her breasts, her nipples hardening almost to the point of pain.
He lowered his face to hers, kissing her lips. She tasted herself on him, a faintly strange, but not unpleasant hint of musk and sex.
Reaching down, he slipped his fingers inside of her, using her wetness to ease his passage. Sebastian shifted slightly, positioning himself at her entrance. He pushed and she felt an amazing moment of resistance before he filled her. 
Pleasure soared through Serenitys body as he pushed deep and held still, joining them, one entity, one being. He began to move inside, a slow, deep motion, designed to send bliss in ripples through her core.
How could there be anything more than this? The two of them were together and nothing else mattered.
 I love you, I love you, I love you, he murmured against her neck. She clung to him, wrapping her limbs around him, pulling him deeper.
Sebastian moved inside her, his mouth at her throat. In the heat of passion, he nipped at the delicate skin of her throat. He nicked the skin, the metallic scent of blood filling the air.
She pressed his head against her neck.
Do it, she moaned as she teetered on the edge, her whole body tight with the crest of pleasure about to wash over her. I want you to!
Sebastian roared as he came, thrusting deep and hard, filling her. 
He leaped from her. Naked and spent, he stood on the other side of the room staring at her, his eyes wide.
Its okay, she said, reaching out to him again. Please, Sebastian, its what I want.
He shook his head, his face in his hands. Its not okay. His voice was harder than she had ever heard and the sound frightened her. She hadnt meant to make him angry with her.
Please come back to bed, she said. 
I cant be in the same room as you right now, he said, grabbing his pants from the floor and heading toward the bedroom door.
Sebastian? she called out after him, but he walked out of the room and shut the door behind him.
She drew her knees up to her chest and listened for the sound of the door leading to the corridor. Would he leave her now? Would he decide she was too much of a risk and cut his losses? The expected slamming door didnt come. Of course, that didnt mean anything. Sebastian moved as silently as a ghost.
Tears threatened again but this time she fought them. 
Youre willing to let him turn you into a monster? came the voice she was rapidly starting to hate.
This was different. She didnt just want to be with Sebastian; she wanted his strength, his power. She didnt want to be afraid any more, she wanted to be the one to instill fear. Years of living in terror had finally made her realizeto stop being afraid you had to make the choice not to be. She had made her choice when she stuck the knife into Jacksons throat. That had been the beginning of her journey. She hadnt realized then, of course, but to become the same as Sebastian would spell the end.
Serenity couldnt go back to a normal life, not now. She had seen another world and embraced it. All she had to do was convince Sebastian.

Furious, Sebastian left the hotel.
Serenitys vulnerability meant she didnt know what she asked of him, but hed allowed himself to make love to her. He was supposed to be the strong one, the one in control, and he had taken advantage.
The feel of her skin haunted him; the faint taste of her blood on his lips. He would never harm her yet hed been so close to biting her. So terrifyingly close. He tried to push the memory away, but his jaw ached with longing.
Sebastian needed to stay busy.
Not being with her was torture. Every part of him longed for her, but if he truly loved Serenity, he would do what was best for her. True love should be self-less. How he felt didnt matter. What mattered was Serenity should be allowed to live her life as a normal human being.
Two things stood in the way of that happening; himself and Madeline. Ultimately, everything came down to him. Hed brought Madeline into Serenitys life, and he needed to make things right again.
The vampire headed out into the night. As he crossed the street, he shoved his hands deep into the pockets of his overcoat. A chill touched the air, but Sebastian couldnt feel the cold. He had reached into his pockets to assure himself his gloves still nestled in the bottom. Sebastian planned to get Serenitys necklace back. Just the thought of Madeline having something belonging to Serenity made him frantic. The vampire didnt deserve to touch any of Serenitys possessionsshe wasnt good enough to exist in the same air Serenity breathed.
He needed the gloves to get the necklace back. Vampires couldnt touch silver; the metal caused an extreme allergic reaction. Sebastian didnt know if he would even find the necklace, but he wasnt going to risk touching the silver if he did.
Using his speed and grace, he crossed streets and highways, unseen and, for the most part unfelt.
He headed out to Angeles National Forest.
Madeline would know Sebastian took Jacksons body to the forest. It was the largest in the area, a perfect burial ground, with little chance of the body ever being found. Jackson hadnt been killed by a vampire so the usual precautions hadnt needed to be taken. 
Madeline made Sebastian; she taught him everything. She would have predicted what Sebastian did before he knew himself. Madeline would have followed the scent of fresh blood or even Sebastians scent, and easily found the body.
Sebastian headed deep into the forest. He passed through the trees like a breath of wind, comforted by the sounds of the night. As he approached the site, Sebastian frowned.
Something was wrong.
His pace slowed to human speed. Sebastian had left the ground as flat and solid as any of the surrounding area, but now the dirt had been disturbed, churned as though ploughed.
He stood still, frozen, trying to get an idea of what lay beneath the earth. He sensed nothing.
Falling to his knees, Sebastian clawed at the ground, pulling out clods of earth, throwing soil behind him. 
Slowly, he got to his feet. In front of him, the make-shift grave was empty.
Had Madeline taken the body? Sebastians eyes narrowed. She had probably moved the corpse for some reason, another part of whatever insane plan shed concocted to control him.
Something glinted in the moonlight, distracting him. With relief, he realized it was Serenitys necklace. Madeline had done what she had threatened and planted the necklace, but then why had she moved the body? Sebastian grew uneasy.
The chain lay half buried in the dirt. Whatever Madeline planned, at least he could return the necklace to Serenity.
Sebastian pulled on his gloves and bent to retrieve the chain.

Chapter Seventeen


Serenity woke up, sick with worry. She deeply regretted pushing Sebastian to bite her, especially at such an intimate time. Her insistence had marred the whole moment but she clung to one thought, he said he loved me. 
Serenity used the bathroom, splashing cold water on her face and running her fingers through her hair. She had looked better, but she would do.
With a cautious smile on her face, she opened the adjoining door, ready to be conciliatory. It didnt take her long to realize the room was empty.
She swung the door fully open and put her hand on her hips.
Damn it.
Why did he always disappear like that?
Then she saw the shafts of light creeping through the thick drapes and realized it was daytime. One thing they hadnt discussedif she became a vampire, she would have to say goodbye to the light. By Sebastians departure, she guessed that part of the myth was true. She had never seen Sebastian in the light.
Where he had gone? Had he found himself a coffin somewhere and hidden for the day? She didnt like the idea of him lying in a casket with his hands crossed over his chest. The image didnt sit right; not at all Sebastians style. More likely, he had a bedroom somewhere with blackout blinds. Sebastian dressed too well to be lying in coffins.
It made her think: how would she feel about saying goodbye to the light?
Serenity had never been a sun worshiper, her skin burned far too easily, but to never experience the suns rays on her face again? Maybe the same pleasure could be had in the moon? Perhaps she would come to appreciate the beauty of the suns nighttime counterpart instead.
The coffee pot sat on the desk which also held the television. Automatically, she switched on the machine, needing the caffeine to get her going.
Her stomach gurgled. Food, she needed food.
Did she dare put in a room service order? The prospect made her uncomfortable but she had money in her purse, she didnt expect Sebastian to pay for everything.
Craving orange juice and croissants, she placed a call to room service. 
Ill pay in cash, she told the woman on the phone. 
Weve already been instructed to put everything on the room, the voice replied.
Serenity hesitated
Has the room been paid for? she asked. Suddenly, she worried about being kicked out at midday and expected to pick up a bill she couldnt afford.
Sure, said the friendly voice. Mr. Lorenzo has pre-paid for three nights and told us to charge everything else to his card.
Lorenzo? 
Sebastian must be using a fake name. Then again, she couldnt imagine getting a credit card would prove too easy when your birth certificate said you were hundreds of years old. Her shoulders sagged with relief. Though she needed to go back to the house today and make sure the police werent snooping around, at least she wouldnt have to stay.
By nightfall, Sebastian would be back, waiting for her.
A knock on the door signaled the arrival of her breakfast. She tried to hand a tip to the waiter, but he shook his head, Service is already added to the bill.
Oh, thanks, she said, blood rushing to her face. Even a waiter had the ability to make her feel awkward and out of her depth.
Serenity ate her breakfast, all the time worrying over the previous night. A thrill raced through her as she remembered the things they had done. She squeezed her thighs together, experiencing the same rush of pleasure. Shed never experienced anything like that before; her whole adult life shed never known sex could be so incredible. If only she hadnt ruined it. Why had she tried to push him?
It was only nine in the morning and the whole day stretched ahead of her; an impossible void to fill.
The police worried her. She didnt like the idea of them waiting for her at home. Madeline might have gone back to the police and told them more liesor even worsethe truth. Sebastian might think their biggest threat was Madeline but the possibility of a lifetime in prison filled her with dread.
The idea niggled at her. Was it worse for her to be hiding in a hotel or should she be at the house to defend her corner? It seemed crazy to want to go back to the house when yesterday shed wanted to get away. For whatever reason, the small duplex was legally her home and she didnt like the thought of the police thinking she had run.
At least during the day she was safe from Madeline.
Sitting around in the hotel room all day would drive her crazy. She would go back to the house, grab a change of clothes and make sure the police werent waiting for her to return home.

There was no sign of anyone at the house, no cards dropped through the mailbox, no notes left for her. From next door, the neighbor shouted at her children to get back into the house and someone drove past, blaring loud music from their car.
Relieved not to find the cops camped outside her front door, she decided to take a walk.
The local area was decent enough for Los Angeles and didnt suffer too much from the violence plaguing many of the citys suburbs. A cafe, its walls lined with books, appealed to her. If she could take one of those books off the shelves and lose herself in another world for an hour, she would be happy.
Turning into the doorway, she collided with a man heading out, carrying a large take-out coffee and something in a brown paper bag.
The man glanced down at her in surprise. Mrs. Hathaway? he said. How are you?
He wore civilian clothesjeans and a sweaterand for a moment she didnt recognize him. Then she realized who the man was; the officer who had questioned her. Serenity searched her memory for his name.
Bently. Officer Bently.
She was surprised to see him. For some reason, shed not expected to bump into someone she knew in this neighborhood. With everything happening in her life, it seemed strange how other people carried on their normal lives around her.
Officer Bently, she said.
Its James, please, he smiled, an easy, warm gesture. As you can tell, Im off duty.
Sure, she forced a smile.
He gestured back to the coffee shop. You heading for a caffeine fix?
Yeah, I guess you could say that.
He reached across her and pushed the door open for her. Mind if I join you?
His request took her by surprise. He must have seen the hesitation on her face.
Ill buy, he offered.
That made her smile and she nodded, bowing her head in surrender. He held the door open as she walked in. A woman in a suit, working on a laptop, sat at one table. A young couple had taken up position by the window and they held hands across the table. Otherwise, the place was empty and they had their choice of tables. Instinctively, she headed to the table at the back of the coffee shop, as far away from the other people as possible.
Officer Bently went straight up to the counter and turned back to her.
Coffee? he asked.
Just a fruit tea, she told him and watched as he ordered.
He was handsome, though shorter than Sebastian and appeared older, in his late-thirties. He hadnt shaved that morninga benefit of not having to workand a distinct shadow lay beneath his skin. Lines fanned around his brown eyes and grey flecked his hair; all signs of aging, all the things Sebastian would never experience.
Bently sat opposite her and pushed the large takeout cup across the table. I dont think youll find much caffeine in fruit tea.
Im trying to stay off the stuff, she said. Im staying up too much at night as it is.
He raised an eyebrow. Heard nothing from your husband, Mrs. Hathaway?
I thought you were off duty, she said. Then she sighed, And its Serenity.
Serenity? Unusual name.
Yes, it is, she said, without offering an explanation.
She took a sip of her tea and the hot liquid scalded her mouth. She had a flashback of sitting in the hospital cafeteria and Sebastian warning her the coffee was hot. The memory made her smile to herself.
Look, Serenity. Officer Bently said. His broad chest expanded as he took a deep breath and her heart sank. Whatever he was about to say, she didnt want to know. She only wanted to while away the hours of daylight alone and later, get back to being with Sebastian.
The officer carried on talking.
I dont want to step out of place but I couldnt help notice some things about youhow you flinched at the house when I reached for your husbands cell, how you move carefully, as though youre worried sudden movement will hurt, and then theres the faint bruise on your wrist.
Suddenly self-conscious, she pulled at her sleeve, trying to cover the bruise. Jackson had caused the mark a week ago when he grabbed her wrist to make her drop the television remote. The strength of the memory made her blanch. It was so fresh in her mindeverything was so fresh in her mind.
She saw no aggression in Officer Bentlys brown eyes, only concern and compassion, but her defenses went up in the same way they had any time someone made a friendly, but concerned enquiry into her private life. Only this time she had more to worry about than work colleagues finding out her husband liked to use her as a punching bag.
Serenity said nothing. Bently continued to talk.
The thing is, Serenity, if I am right about your husbandabout how he treated youthen men like that dont leave their wives. They wouldnt allow their wives the freedom of being left.
She cleared her throat, her gaze fixated on her hands I dont know what you want me to say. Am I supposed to be justifying my husbands actions to you?
No, but if you do have any information that might lead us to your husbands whereabouts, not telling us is as good as being an accessory.
Are you still off duty, Officer Bently? she said. Because if you are, I cant see how this is any of your business.
Youre right, I apologize. He glanced down for a moment and then looked back up, seemingly resolved to get out what he wanted to say. The thing is Serenity, we can get a warrant to search your house and if no other leads come forward, that may be exactly what happens.
Serenity froze, her jaw tight with apprehension. Bently leaned in toward her and lowered his voice, I think youre a good person Serenity, a good person who probably just has bad taste in men. Like I said before, abusers dont leave the people theyre abusing and if he didnt leave, were going to start wondering what happened to him.
My husband left me, she said, and if you want proof, you only need to check his computer. Maybe youll discover one of the reasons a man like Jackson leaves a woman like me is because hed had his fun, got bored and decided to hook up with some other poor sap.
Im trying to look out for yougive you a heads up. I would hate for that warrant to find something you wouldnt want it to.
She cocked her head to one side and raised an eyebrow. So youre trying to tell me youre one of the good guys, James?
Im trying to tell you any information you willingly give up to the police might work better for you than tying our hands and forcing us to get it ourselves.
Serenity bit her lower lip. I dont know where my husband is, she said truthfully. If you think you might find something on the computer to give you some idea of where he might be, please, take the damn thing.
She resisted the urge to drop her forehead to the table. This whole situation was crazy; nothing more than a charade. They were looking for a man who was already dead at the time the crime had been committed. She almost wanted to laugh. The part of herself shed never felt completely in control of wanted to reach across the table, grab the cop by the shoulders and shout, I murdered Jackson three days ago so he couldnt have raped a woman. And, by the way, the woman who told you she was raped is a vampire.
Serenity gave up. So do you want to come and check out the computer now, or do you have to wait until youre back in uniform.
He smiled, but it wasnt victory she saw, it was relief that she had caved.
Ill come now, but if anyone asks, we ran into each other on your way to the station.
Isnt that what happened? she said, reluctantly smiling back.
She might be making a colossal mistake. The officer didnt know shed murdered Jackson but hed made some pretty uncanny suggestions. Of course it worried her, but he seemed genuine. The last thing she wanted was the police coming back with a search warrant. She had no idea what they might find and she hoped showing them what a perverted cheat Jackson really was might put them off the scent.
At what stage should she be asking for a lawyer? No, this wasnt an investigation into her, but Jackson. So far, she hadnt been accused of anything other than trying to protect her abusive husband.
Her duplex was a couple of blocks from the coffee shop and they walked in silence. In her head, she ran through conversations she might be having with the man beside her, Do you live close by? How does your wife feel about you constantly being on the job?
Had she even seen a wedding ring?
No, his finger was bare.
It was a shame; he seemed like a nice guy. If they were under different circumstances and she had never met Sebastian she might be looking at him in a different way. As it was, only Sebastian filled her thoughtsthere was no room for anyone else.
Using her key, she opened the front door.
I guess I dont need to tell you where the office is, she said. You must be getting to know your way around by now.
Sure, he grinned.
Bently mounted the stairs toward Jacksons office, and Serenity followed. Each time she entered the small room, nausea clamped down on her stomach. The atmosphere was like being swamped in the essence of Jackson. Just the smell brought back terrible memories.
Filled with anger, she swept a pile of girly magazines off the desk and into the trash. Half of them fell out on the floor and she bent down and gathered them up, stuffing them back in. However, old beer cans already filled the trashcan and most of the magazines only fell out again.
Damn it, she swore.
Remembering the other person in the room, she straightened up and ran a hand through her hair.
I hate mess, she said in a small voice. She felt as though shed been discovered picking her nose or squeezing pimples; an embarrassing intrusion on a private moment.
Officer Bently watched with a faint frown on his facethe one he seemed to get when something troubled him.
You dont seem at all worried about your husband coming back, he said. Wont he be pissed at you throwing his stuff out?
I dont care if I never see him again, she said.
His type can be extremely controlling, yet you dont seem bothered.
Oh, Im bothered. Im just good at hiding it.
Officer Bently pulled the office chair toward him and sat down in front of the computer. His fingers rested on the keyboard for a minute and then he turned back to her.
Heres the thing, Serenity. Most women with abusive husbands are scared of their own shadows. You seem different. I struggle to imagine you putting up with someone who harms you. 
I guess something changed when I found out I wasnt the only woman in his life. She put her hand to her mouth, trying to think of a way to explain her situation to someone who had probably never experienced emotional abuse in his life.
I know you wont understand, she tried, but even when he hit me, I thought he loved me. Any attention was good attention. I told myself he must really love me to be so protective and passionate, even if his way of showing affection was bad. He used to cry afterward, tell me how sorry he was. I believed him at first, I honestly thought he regretted what he did, but after years went by and nothing changed, the love turned to hate.
Confusion clouded Officer Bentlys eyes.
So, do you still love him? he asked. Do you still love him enough to cover for him?
Serenity shook her head, her eyes wide. Had this man listened to nothing shed said? She wanted him to understand; understand how it felt to have your emotions ripped from one side to the other, to spend your life wondering where the next fist was coming from.
I hated him! she said. As you pointed out, Jackson used to get his rocks off by beating the shit out of me. One time, he dragged me out of the shower by the hair and beat me with the shower head until I passed out. I woke up naked and freezing on the bathroom floor. In so much pain, I had to drag myself to the bedroom. I couldnt even get on the bed, so I just lay on the floor with a towel over me, trying to stay warm until Jackson came home. When he finally rolled back from the bar, I asked him to help me and he laughed. He told me if I behaved like a dog, I should sleep on the floor like one.
Im sorry, Bently told her, unable to meet her eye.
Do you know what really got to me?
He shook his head.
To this day, I have absolutely no idea what I did to deserve that beating. I wracked my brains for weeks wondering if Id left the breakfast dishes out or if I hadnt cleaned the floor well enough. I was so paranoid, whatever cleaning I did, I checked, and checked, and checked it again to make sure I had done the job right. I didnt question my husbands state of mind to beat me as he did; I questioned my own ability to do the God-damned cleaning!
She pressed her lips together, realizing tears were perilously close. She had promised herself she wasnt going to shed another tear for that man and she meant it.
Serenity sniffed and rubbed her hand across her face. I guess what Im trying to say is until youve been in that situation yourself, youve no way of knowing how youre going to react when you finally think it might have ended.
Youre right. Im sorry, he said again.
I should probably tell you something else.
He raised his eyebrows.
Im not staying in this house at the moment. I needed to get away so Im staying at a hotel for a couple of nights. Its not far, so you dont need to think Ive run off.
Officer Bently nodded. Okay. Youre not under arrest, so you have the right to do what you want. But Im glad you told me. What hotel are you staying at?
She considered lying to him, but then realized it was pointless. The Hilton, near the airport. Ill only stay a couple of nights. This place has too many memories.
I understand.
Not saying anything else, she reached across and pressed the on button for the PC. The screen flashed to life and she typed in the password.
Knock yourself out, she said, but Im warning you, it wont be pleasant.


Chapter Eighteen


Officer Bently noted down a number of different login IDs and told Serenity he would get back to her if he had any more information. Apparently, Jackson had offered to meet a number of women hed met in various chat rooms. According to Bently, hed probably done exactly that and was now staying with one of them. He thought he may be able to run traces on the IDs and get names and addresses.
Serenity almost felt bad about him wasting his time. The police officer seemed genuine and concerned about her. However, the relief that he wasnt chasing her far outweighed any guilt she experienced, so she kept her mouth shut.
He handed her his card on the way out.
If you need anything, he said, anything at all, please call. You dont have to go through this alone, Serenity.
She reached out to take the card. He held on for a moment longer, staring into her eyes, before he let go. She thought he was about to say something else, but he dropped his hand and gave her a brief nod before turning away.
Serenity slipped the card into the back pocket of her jeans.
She was glad he had finally gone and she could get back to the hotel. She had been aching for Sebastian all day and hoped their reunion wouldnt be marred by last nights fight. Each time she remembered, her stomach dropped. Trying to force him into something he clearly wasnt ready for had been stupid, especially catching him at such a special, amazing moment. Serenity wished she could change things and remember last night for his tenderness and the words hed uttered over and over, and not for what shed tried to make him do. 
Sebastian being angry with her didnt change what she wanted; to be a part of what he was. Shed had enough of this lifeit brought her nothing but pain. Maybe she was being utterly selfish, but Serenity didnt care. It was time she started thinking about herself, shed never had the luxury before.

As dusk fell, Sebastian walked into the hotel room.
A smile broke out on Serenitys face and she rose from the couch to greet him.
He lowered his face to hers and kissed her on the mouth, deep and sweet. She melted against him but he pulled away.
I have something for you, he said holding out her necklace. Thick leather gloves covered his hands.
My Serenity necklace! she exclaimed, taking the jewelry from him. Where did you find it?
He winced. You dont want to know.
I thought Id lost it.
She reached around her throat to hook the necklace together and remembered the chain was broken. The memory of how it broke flooded through her and Serenitys cheeks flushed with guilt. Instead of putting the chain on, she slipped the necklace into her back pocket.
Thank you, she said. Whats with the gloves?
He grinned and tugged at the fingers, pulling them off. Theyre not a fashion statement. Silver isnt good for my kind.
What do you mean?	
It causes a bad reaction. The metal burns and affects us in other ways, weakening us.
Ill make sure I keep any away from you then.
Dont worry, its only if silver comes into direct contact with skin.
I wont wear the necklace, she promised, reaching out, pulling him down to her. I wouldnt want you to come up with any reason not to be near me.
He sank down onto the couch and wrapped his arms around her, holding her close.
Im sorry about last night, he told her, his face buried in her hair.
 Youve got nothing to be sorry for.
He took her hand. Suddenly, she felt like he was about to deliver bad news.
Thats not what Im talking about. I mean, Im sorry for last night. I shouldnt have allowed things between us to go so far. He shook his head, and stared down at his lap.
She pulled her hands from his. I dont believe you. Dont tell me you wish wed never slept together?
I... I just know were going to find it even harder to say goodbye now.
Dont say that.
He looked back up at her, his eyes searching hers. Do you think I am doing this because I want to? Our sleeping together didnt make the problem go away, Serenity. Madeline is still out there. She wont give up until she either gets what she wants or she kills you.
Or you do as I ask, she said.
Dont do this again, he shifted slightly away from her, his body language showing what he was trying to force his heart to do. I wont make you what I am. I want you to have a happy, normal lifeand you will never have that with me.
What if I do it? she said in desperation. What if I kill myself? Ill slit my wrists or take a drug overdose. Will you turn me then?
His hand shot out and grabbed her wrist. He squeezed hard, fury in his eyes. She tried to pull away, but he held her in an iron grip and his icy skin burned her flesh.
Dont you even think about it! he said. Yellow flames lit his eyes, the green melting away like the sun setting into the ocean. I wont let you.
She tilted her chin in defiance.
You wont let me? she said, scorn tainting her voice. Is that what this is? Just another man telling me what to do?
He faltered. Im not...
She spoke over him. Because you have all the power, dont you? Bitterness rose inside. Just like all the other men Ive ever known.
He dropped her wrist. An accusatory ring of red slowly rose from her skin where hed held her. Is this how it starts? she held up her arm. Is this how you become like the rest? And I thought you were different.
 It was an accident, he whispered. You know I would never hurt you on purpose.
Yeah, an accident. Where have I heard that one before?
 Im not your husband, Serenity. Or your step-father.
Serenity didnt speak. She stared at the ground, tears of anger, hurt and disappointment welling in her eyes, making the hotel room carpet tremble before her.
Sebastian spoke with a more gentle tone. Is this how its always going to be for you, Serenity? Always judging men on the same level as your husband or step-father? He sighed. I always thought my life had been cursed but I guess in a way, so is yours.
She glanced up at him and a fat tear spilled down one cheek. He reached out a hand, his cool finger wiping away the hot fluid. 
You need to understand what youre asking, Serenity. You need to forget whatever romantic notions you have about what I am and experience the cold, hard truth. Ill show you the truth about how vampire lives and youll never want to be like me.
Show me then, she whispered, her heart thumbing in her chest. He made sense but she didnt want to know, not really. She loved him and didnt want to see him as a monster.
Shut your eyes, he told her, and keep them shut until I tell you.
For once, she didnt argue. His arms wrapped around her body and he lifted her. Serenity couldnt continue to be angry at himnot when he might leave her at any moment. She wanted to make the most of every second they spent together and they didnt have the luxury of time to fight.
Serenity buried her face into the smooth, cool skin of his neck; aware the number of times when she would be able to feel his skin against her lips or smell his scent was limited. Just the idea made her want to cry and she clung to him tighter.
Unaware of any doors opening or even moving through the hotel, she suddenly found herself outside. The sounds of traffic rushed past and the roar of a large airplane coming in to land at the airport swept above. The noise was strangely muffledno, not muffledmore as though they were moving too fast for the sounds to catch up.
Wind swept past her ears, as though she was riding in a car at high speed with all the windows down. It battered against her, pulling her cheeks back, whipping her hair from her face. She struggled to breathe; the air tore past so fast.
Serenity nestled her face further into his neck, hiding from the force of the wind. Her clothes rippled around her body, her shirt clung to skin, the rest of the material billowing out behind her.
The experience was exhilarating and terrifying.
Finally, they came to a halt and Sebastian placed her on her feet.
Wait now, he told her. Keep your eyes shut and dont say anything.
Grass crushed, wet and damp, beneath her feet and the air finally stilled. Theyd left the city far behind. The scent of damp soil and wet leaves hung on the night air. She had no idea where they were, but she didnt dare open her eyes until Sebastian told her to.
For a moment, she thought he had left her and she was alone in the night. But then the air around her changed, like an electrical charge in the atmosphere right before a storm.
A sickening crunch and a muffled scream broke the still of the night.
Serenity cringed and whimpered, her face buried in her hands.
She didnt want to hear anymore, but the sounds filled the nights sky as though created by the earth itselfa horrific grunting, sucking, like a wild animal feeding from its prey. 
Realization sank in and she crumpled to the ground and curled into a ball, trying to protect herself from what she was suddenly certain he had brought her here to witness.
 Open your eyes, Serenity, he roared, his voice raw. Look at me. See what I am.
No! she cried into her hands. Stop it, stop it!
Look at me, Serenity. If this is what you want, you must open your eyes!
She didnt want to. She wanted to hide away from the truth, but he was right; this was something she needed to see.
Forcing herself to her feet, she opened her eyes.
Sebastian stood twenty-feet away, bathed in moonlight, a body in his arms.
He raised his head, his beautiful pale face coated in blood, his green eyes now yellow and glowing in the darkness.
Look, Serenity, he shouted into the night. I am a monster!
No, she sobbed, shaking her head. Why are you doing this?
A man in his late forties lay slumped in the vampires arms. The body was already emaciated, his face covered in beard growth. Hed already been in a bad state, even before Sebastian had taken him, but he had been a man, a living, breathing person who once had a mother who adored him.
Is this what you want? he demanded, holding the corpse out toward her. You want to take the lives of others so you can survive? Is your life more important than this mans, or the next person you have to kill, or the next, or the next?
Sebastian dropped the man as though he were nothing more than a bag of sand and the body hit the floor with a sickening thud. Absurdly, the thought that Sebastian should treat the body with a little more respect went through her head. She shook herself; he was dead. Whatever made him a man was gone.
She stared at the dead man in shock. Other than Jackson, she had never seen a body before and somehow this stranger was almost worse than her husband.
Frantically, she shook her head, unable to tear her eyes away from the man.
Oh, God, she backed away, her hand to her mouth. I dont want this. I only want for us to be together, for my life to stop!
This is the truth, Serenity! If you become like me you will kill normal, regular people to survive. Can you do that?
You do? She offered as a pitiful excuse. 
His eyes flashed that strange, iridescent yellow. I had no choice! I was taken from my lifeI did not choose to become what I am. If I could kill myself, then I would, but I cant. Believe me, Ive tried.
Pulling all of her strength and bravery together, Serenity forced her legs to walk toward him. She tore her eyes from the body, focusing on Sebastian.
Though another mans blood covered his face, he did not disgust her. Reflected in his image, she saw herself after she had murdered Jackson, soaked in his blood, terrified. He had not backed away from her then, but took her in his arms and washed the blood from her skin.
People did whatever was needed when they loved each other. However bad the situation, they picked themselves up and forced themselves to be strong for their loved ones.
Its not a choice, she whispered. Needing to be with you is not a choice.
Will nothing change your mind?
She shook her head.
Then I must leave, he said, and let Madeline come to me.
No! You cant, she screamed in frustration, her voice echoing in the empty countryside. You are breaking my God-damn heart, Sebastian. Why did you ever even speak to me if you knew we would never be together? At least if Id never met you, I would have stayed oblivious to happiness. Surely that is better than having the possibility in front of my face only to be torn away again?
They stood on the hillside, almost a normal couple having an argument, if not for the blood on Sebastians face and the dead body at their feet.
I couldnt help myself, he said. I saw you running through the street with such sadness in your eyes and I recognized part of myself in you. You said needing to be with me wasnt a choice; I felt the same way about needing to talk to you.
So stop fighting me and do as I ask.
Damn it, Serenity! I will not turn you into a monster!
She bit her lips, tears streaming down her face. The thought of losing him was too much. The idea of him being with another womaneven one he hatedwas even worse.
Sebastian stepped forward, wiping the blood from his face in one swipe. He pulled her toward him, burying his face in her hair.
What are we going to do? he whispered into her hair. Serenity couldnt answer; she clung to him, desperately hoping they could stay that way forever.
Lets go, he said. I shouldnt have showed you this. Im an idiot to think it would change anything.
He lifted her in his arms and she let him, in the same way as the night shed killed Jackson. Though she had sworn to herself to not let another man control her life, she had also learned there were times when it was all right to trust implicitly.
They moved through the night like ghosts, detected by only the faintest movement of air, running with the moon.
Serenity was lost in her grief, certain she was about to lose the man she loved to someone else. She didnt care where she was, as long as she was with Sebastian.
Back in the hotel room, they made love once again, Sebastians claims that the previous night had been a mistake disputed by his actions. Afterward, they lay face to face, foreheads pressed together, fingers resting on each others cheeks. Consumed in each other, they tried to forget the threat facing them, but real life couldnt be ignored for long.
I have to go, he said.
She pulled him closer. No, not again. Youre always leaving me.
It wont be for long. I need to go back to... to the body. I cant leave it there. Bad things happen if theyre just left.
Serenity couldnt help it, her interest was sparked. Would the man become like you? A brief glint of crazy jealousy fired within her. How she could be jealous of a dead man? 
She had no reason to be envious.
They die, but then their bodies regenerate. If theyre given what they needoxygenthe bodies will come back to life, but the brain, the soul, dies when they do.
Sitting up, she stared at him in horror. Zombies? Are you telling me the people you kill turn into zombies?
He laughedactually laugheda sound so out of place given the situation.
Theyre not what you think. They dont go around biting chunks out of people. Theyre just bodies reacting, like a chicken after its head is cut off.
She raised an eyebrow, Nice.
Nothing about this is nice, Serenity.
She sighed. No, of course not. Im sorry. So how long do you think youll be gone? What will you do?
Put the body somewhere it wont get oxygen or be able to fight out of.
Fight out of?
Like I said, they react. Given enough time, the body fights to get what it needs.
She shivered. What about you? she asked. What do you need?
Me? he nuzzled against her. All I need is you.
Gently, she shoved against his chest, pushing him away. I meant you, as in a vampire. What does a vampire need to survive?
He frowned, The same as any human; food, air, shelter.
So why cant you die?
 Were not human. To deprive a human of those things is easy, but a vampire is strong and fast, and heals quickly. Even if were deprived of any of those things for any length of time, our bodies regenerate once we come into contact with them again.
But you would shut down for the time being?
Yes. Until a time came when we were freed of our constraints, our bodies would go into a type of sleep, a type of hibernation, if you like.
And what would hold you? If you wanted to put another vampire somewhere they couldnt get out, where would it be?
Hundreds of years ago theyd wall vampires up inside buildings to be left until the buildings walls were either damaged or knocked down. Now we have more modern materialsthough stone still works, of coursebut the walls would need to be incredibly thick and humans dont build like that anymore.
Right, she said, her brain ticking over.
Sebastian shook his head, I know what youre thinking, Serenity. Madeline is one hundred years older than I am and she wouldnt allow herself to be put in a dangerous situation.
What if she wasnt expecting it? What if she thought she was in control?
He sat up beside her. Dont even think about it. Youre no match for her. Im no match for her.
Is considering the idea of fighting her so wrong?
Yes, if youll probably end up dead.
But theres the possibility I wouldnt?
Neither of them spoke.
And what if we did defeat her... Serenity finally continued. He moved to interrupt but she lifted her hand, halting his words. What would happen then?
I dont want to put your life at risk.
Would you turn me?
No, Serenity. Im sorry, but I wouldnt.
For once, she accepted his words. But you wouldnt be with her. You and I, we would both be alone, but wed know the other was out there, still caring about each other.
I will always care about you.
We would live our lives separately. Even the thought caused her pain, but she thought it might be a pain she could live witha pain that, in time, would become part of who she was.
You might find someone else, he said, and still have a chance at a normal life.
She shook her head. Whatever you say, that will never happen.
I cant watch you grow old, Serenity. I cant go through that again.
Realization dawned. Shed been purely selfish thinking about only her own feelings in this matter. She wasnt the only one who had been through hell. Losing a wife and child was worse than what she had been through over her life time. She had lost her babies before theyd had the chance to become the personalities she would love. She could only imagine how it would feel to be taken away from the cute smile that woke you up in the morning, or the little arms that wrapped around your neck when they were scared.
Im sorry, she said. What Ive been asking of you... Ive been selfish. Nothing is ever going to stop me from wanting to do whatever it takes to be with you, but I need to respect your feelings. I guess Ill live with that. We both will.
Deep down, Serenity believed if he loved her enough, he would do whatever it took to be with her. She didnt understand that for once, someone was putting her own well-being before his own personal needs.
He leaned across and kissed her, his lips cool and firm against hers. Serenity pressed against him, deepening the kiss but he pulled away.
I have to go, he said. Ive already been too long.
Can I come?
He shook his head. Youve been exposed too much already. If youre ever going to live a normal life, you need to start forgetting what youve seen.
She laughed, but there was no humor in the sound. Sure. That should be easy. You are coming back, arent you? I dont think I am ready to say goodbye yet.
Arent you tired? he asked, not answering her question. Its nearly three in the morning. You should be asleep.
I guess Ive gotten used to living at night.
He got up from the bed and started to pull his clothes back on. Just the sight of the smooth line of his back and the dimples at the bottom of his spine was enough to take her breath away. She would never meet someone like him again.
Hey, she reached out and grabbed his hand. He had managed to get his pants back on and shrugged on his shirt, but it hung, unbuttoned, exposing his chest. Youll come back, wont you? she asked again.
He sat beside her on the bed. My head tells me to stay away, but my heart cant stand the thought.
You still havent answered me, she said quietly.
He bent his forehead to hers. Yes, Serenity. Ill come back.
I love you, she told him.
He pulled her toward him. His fingers sunk deep into the back of her hair and he kissed her passionately before forcing himself to pull away.
And I love you, he whispered fiercely into her hair, and then he was gone.

Chapter Nineteen


This time she wasnt going to risk falling asleep. She had no idea how long Sebastian would be, but she didnt want to fall asleep and miss him when he got back. Serenity knew he wouldnt want to disturb her if he saw her sleeping and would take himself off to wherever he went during the day.
Exhaustion made her eyes sore and her limbs heavy. However much she wanted to be with Sebastian, she had to admit their schedules didnt match.
If she stayed in bed, she would succumb to the softness of the pillows and the scent of Sebastian on the sheets, so she forced herself to get up. She wrapped her body in the soft white robe supplied by the hotel.
On the hunt for some caffeine, she crossed the room and pulled open the mini bar. Serenity helped herself to a coke. She didnt normally drink soda, but the ice-cold sweetness tingled on her tongue and she immediately started to wake up.
Serenity didnt want to wash Sebastian off her skin but a shower might help bring her back to life.
She went into the bathroom and switched on the shower. The water drummed the base of the tub with force. If anything was going to wake her up, the pounding of water on her skin would. Serenity shrugged out of her robe, letting the material drop to the floor.
Naked, she stood in front of the mirror and pulled her hair off her neck, tying it into a knot with an elastic band. Her body looked different now, her breasts higher, stomach flatter. All of the faults Jackson had pointed out over the years melted away.
Out of the corner of her eye, she caught movement darting around the bathroom door.
Every muscle froze, adrenaline shooting through her veins like heroin. Serenity spun around, but as she moved, an impossibly strong arm wrapped around her throat, catching her in a headlock. The arm was slender and as strong as the coil of a python. The loop tightened, enough to hold Serenity fast, but not enough to stop her breath.
Instinctively, she fought; her back bucking, elbows jabbing, her feet trying to kick out, but she might as well be fighting a brick wall. 
Serenity didnt have time to think about what was happening. Her brain went into survival mode, the way it had when Jackson delivered one of his beatings.
Her feet lost their grip on the floor as she was lifted by her throat and suddenly they were moving.
Glass exploded around her, shards cutting her face, catching in her hair, and then she fell through the air, her abductors arm still locked around her throat.
They hit the ground. The impact burst the air from her lungs. Her bones jarred, her tendons stretched to their limit and snapped back again. Her abductor took the worst of the impact preventing Serenity from smashing to pulp on the sidewalk, but the fall jolted her to the edge of her bodys restrictions. She had screamed in fear as they fell and now groaned in pain as every muscle in her body felt torn. She thought her neck would have dislocated if not for the strong arm acting as a neck brace.
She didnt have the luxury of time to recover.
Her abductor ran again, carrying Serenity, naked, terrified and in pain. They moved fast enough to tear the air from her lungs. This time, she didnt have a safe neck to bury her face in.
There was no question of who had her; Serenity had traveled this way before.
Unable to catch a breath, her whole body hurting, she was also suffering from extreme motion sickness and disorientation. Serenitys world grayed out. She fought against the gray, aware that blacking out would leave her exposed and defenseless, but she was powerless against the pull. Her body had been through so much, it couldnt cope anymore. 
Time to shut down.

Serenity came to, confused and disorientated. She blinked against the darkness. Every muscle in her body hurt and she tried to swallow against her raw and bruised throat. Naked, she lay on cold concrete, her bones digging into the floor. Briefly, she thought she must be back in her house, that Jackson was still alive and had given her the beating of her life. Then she remembered Sebastian and wondered if she could be in the hotel room.
Upon waking she had forgotten the abductionher terrifying and potentially fatal drag through the nightbut all at once the memory came back to her and so did the fear.
Madeline had taken her!
The vampire must have grown sick of waiting for Sebastian to make his decision and, when he hadnt complied with her wishes, Madeline had decided to force Sebastians hand by taking his human companion.
Cautious, Serenity pushed herself to sitting. She felt so exposed, naked in the dark, and she wrapped her arms around herself, instinctively trying to cover her nudity. Every inch of her body screamed out in protest but nothing seemed to be broken. From previous experience, she knew: even though the throbbing in her ribs was excruciating, the pain came from torn muscle, not broken bone. Her face felt tight and crusted with blood from the cuts sustained when Madeline jumped through the hotel window. Similar cuts probably covered the rest of her body, though for the time being, the halo of agony clouding her masked the visceral sensation.
She squinted at the black surrounding her, trying to make out something in front of her face. Not a single beam of light cut through the darkness and the place was totally devoid of sound. The faint scent of blood filled the airher blood.
Part of Serenity thought she should stay quiet; some stupid part of her hoping Madeline might have gone or forgotten about her. She thought she might be able to fight her way through the pitch black to a place of safety, but knew better. Madeline had taken her for a reason. The vampire knew her exact location.
Hello? Serenity called out. Her voice sounded hollow and echoed back at her. Whatever place she found herself in, it was big.
A loud clunk broke through the silence. Starting at the far end of the room, row after row of harsh florescent lights came on, racing toward her. She squinted against the sudden illumination, raising her arm to shield her eyes from the glare.
Where the hell was she?
Giant walls of corrugated iron rose around her and a vast, curved, corrugated roof hung above her head. The bunker was the largest enclosed space shed ever seen.  Enormous double doors made up most of the far wall. Walkways of scaffolding ran along the other three walls.
She had expected to find Madeline standing in front of her, but she remained alone. 
Someone had switched on the lights.
Hello? she called again.
Her heart thumped hard in her chest. Her whole body hurt, the pain exacerbated by the trembling that held her limbs. She wanted to be brave but anyone in her situation would be crazy not to be terrified.
In the distance, a muffled roar grew louder by the second, as though bearing down on her. The sound grew in volume and Serenity clamped her hands over her ears. A number of explanations ran through her mindthunder storm, earthquake, a bombthen she realized she recognized the sound.
An airplane landing.
The ground vibrated beneath her feet and the roar filled her ears, filled the bunker.
She realized where she was. 
The huge bunker must a disused aircraft hangar at the airport.
Why would Madeline have brought her here? Serenity didnt intend to waste time trying to figure out her motivations. The vampire was nowhere to be seen and where there were planes, there were also people. A normal sized door was cut into the huge gates for the aircraft. Not caring about her nudity, she set her sights on the door and ran as fast as her sore legs would carry her.
The vampire dropped out of the air, landing directly in Serenitys path.
Serenity let out a scream of surprise and tried to stop herself before she collided with Madeline. She stumbled and fell over her own feet, landing on the floor with a thump. The air burst from her lungs, her already exposed flesh scraping on the concrete. 
The red-haired vampire towered over Serenity. In many ways, she appeared to be an ordinary woman, dressed in a pants-suit, high-heeled boots, an expensive bag hanging off her arm. No wonder people didnt suspect her. Like Sebastian, she looked like the type of person everyone else wanted to be.
She was hugely intimidating, her presence terrifying.
Madeline stared down at Serenity, lying naked on the floor at her feet, and laughed.
Pathetic, she said, shaking her head with mock pity. Truly pathetic.
A bundle of clothes was tucked under her arm and she threw them at Serenity.
Her jeans and t-shirt landed at her feet.
Get dressed, Madeline told her. I cant stand all that... flesh.
Serenity scrambled for her clothes, pulling them on. At least dressed, she might hang on to some portion of her dignity.
The vampires presence overwhelmed Serenity. The charge of electricity Serenity always perceived from Sebastian was in overload in this woman. Serenity almost expected sparks to jump from the tips of her fingers.
Madeline made her aware of her mortality in a way Sebastian never had. Danger radiated from her; danger and madness. Whatever this woman had been when human, her transformation to a vampire had driven her insane.
What do you want with me? Serenity said, despite already knowing the answer. She wanted to be strong, but her voice was little more than a whine.
Madeline flashed a grin filled with too many teeth. Lets call it a social occasion.
She barely comprehended what the vampire was saying. What the hell are you talking about?
Madeline shrugged. I thought we might have a girly chatyou know, talk about men, our love lives, that sort of thing?
Serenity stared at her in amazement. What? she said again, unable to find the words. Are you crazy?
Perhaps, she shrugged, but thats kind of irrelevant, dont you think?
The vampire was playing with her. Serenity was nothing more than entertainment.
Madeline sighed and reached down, touching Serenitys face with her long, perfect fingers. Serenity flinched.
Hell miss you, she said, watching Serenity for a reaction.
Her first instinct was to protect Sebastian. She didnt want Madeline going anywhere near him. If Madeline thought there was nothing between them, she might forget her whole crazy plan. Perhaps if Madeline believed she hated Sebastianhated what he wasshe would let her go.
Her voice came out cold and hard, but the words hurt to say, Hes a fucking monster, just like you!
Madeline laughed, but her eyes narrowed. You didnt seem to be thinking as much when you were fucking him tonight.
Serenity flinched, horribly violated at the thought of this creature watching them.
So you know, she said, feigning bravery. What are you going to do about it?
Well, I could kill you in a moment, the vampire said, matter of fact.
Do it then! Serenity threw at her. Im sick of other people trying to control my life. If you think Im going to let you be the next in line, you can forget it. Kill me if thats what youre here to do.
Madelines eyes widened at Serenitys outburst, but only for the briefest of seconds.
She threw back her head, exposing her long white throat, and laughed. The little human bitch has a temper on her. How sweet. She composed herself. The thing is I cant kill you right now. If I did, I wouldnt have anything to blackmail the beautiful Sebastian with.
Like you blackmailed him with his wife and child all those years ago?
For the second time, Madeline looked surprised. A flash of pain and ugly jealousy crossed her face.
He told you about them? she spat. He never talks about his family.
 What are you going to do with me? Serenity asked, a tremor affecting her voice. Why have you brought me here?
Madeline gestured around. Well, firstly this place doesnt have any windows, which also means no light. Considering how close you and Sebastian seem to be, Im sure youve learned daylight and our kind dont get on very well. Then, of course, she said, raising her voice as another plane came into land, and somewhere in the distance another took off, theres the noise. Los Angeles is a crowded city and I figured this is one place where no one will hear you screaming.
Serenity shivered. She didnt want to beg for her life, even with Jackson she had refused to beg. What little pride she had back then made her hang on to the last thread of her dignity and she wasnt going to lose it now.
Sebastian will come and find me.
He would know Madeline well enough to figure out where the vampire brought her.
Like he knew she wouldnt find you at the hotel?
She pushed the voice away. He would come.
Another plane came into land, so close the molecules of the iron around her vibrated. She was thankful the place had been silent when she woke up. Being woken by this terrifying noise would have been enough to shatter her mind.
Something tried to nag at her, some significance about the planes being on the move. Then she realized what nagged her. If planes were taking off and landing, it meant morning had arrived. Where ever Sebastian was, he wouldnt be able to reach her in the daylight.
The thought broke the last of her barriers down and tears filled her eyes. She struggled to hold them in, the world trembling in a flood, before one tear escaped her eye and spilled down her cheek. She didnt want Madeline to see and so she whipped her head away, swiping at the tears with her sleeve.
Sebastian may never find her. If Madeline didnt tell him where she was, hed probably never know. She could die in here and never see him again.
Serenity couldnt sit here and wait to be rescued.
So what are you going to do now? she dared ask. If youre not going to kill me, what are you planning?
He gets one last chance, Madeline said. One last chance to make the right choice. Perhaps when he realizes the type of danger I can put you in, if he sees his little pet all scared, hell be sensible and do what I want.
How will he know Im scared?
Youre going to tell him.
What? she couldnt help it, her heart flickered with hope.
Dont get excited, I dont mean literally. Were going to do this the old fashioned way and write him what I believe you call a Dear John letter.
No, I wont.
I wasnt asking. Youre also going to tell him that you dont want anything more to do with him. Tell him youre sick of being scared and you want him to go with me and leave you to get on with your life.
Serenity stared at her, but didnt give voice to her thoughts. He will never believe it.
Madeline took her silence as refusal. You have no choice in the matter.
There is always a choice.
Except there wasnt. If she didnt write the letter, Madeline would kill her. Also, this might be the only way Sebastian would find out what had happened to her.
The thought of him returning to the hotel only to find her missing made her sick with worry.
Surely someone in a nearby room or on the ground would report the smashed window? Their plunge through the glass couldnt have gone unnoticed. When Sebastian got back to the hotel and discovered her missing and the window broken, he would quickly figure out her disappearance was courtesy of Madeline. 
If only she could figure out a way to let Sebastian know where she was being held?
Fine, she said giving in. I assume youre going to provide the stationery?
Madeline gave her a cold, hard smile. Naturally.
She reached into her oversized Marc Jacobs handbag and pulled out a leather organizer. Opening the cover, she removed the pen and tore out a plain sheet of paper.
Here, she said, handing them to Serenity.
The hangar was empty. Serenity sat back down and rested the paper on the ground.
Her hand shook as she put pen to paper. How could she give him her location without Madeline realizing. She wracked her brain, but nothing would work. She wanted to come up with something smart, but she couldnt figure out a way to say, Help, Im in a hangar at the airport! without writing exactly that.
Madeline nudged the paper with the toe of her boot. Get on with it, or I will be forced to crush your fingers beneath my boot.
Okay, okay.
She started to write:

Sebastian,
Madeline took me and threatened me. I cant do this anymore. You were right when you said I can still have a normal life. Madeline says if you go with her, then she will leave me alone. If you dont, I will never be happy. Please do this for me. I am sorry.
Serenity

Her eyes filled with tears. Surely he wouldnt believe what shed written. Shed told him enough times how she felt about him. He would realize Madeline had forced her to write the note.
A tear ran from her eye, down the side of her nose, and plopped onto the paper. The ink blotted and ran, smearing her name. The possibility of him believing what she had written was like a stake in her heart.
Madeline crouched in front of her. This time, Serenity didnt bother to hide her tears.
One more thing, the vampire told her.
She grabbed Serenitys hand, twisting it palm up. Like a snake striking, she bit the inside of Serenitys wrist.
Serenity screamed, desperately trying to yank her hand away. Pain ripped up through her arm.
Madeline lifted her head; the vampires eyes burned yellow and fierce.
As though the shadow of a ghost slowly rippled beneath her skin, her features changed. Madelines beautiful face turned into a reflection of her soul; something ancient and horrific. Her pale skin glowed stark white, almost to the point of translucency, and Serenity thought she saw things moving beneath; things that crawled, scuttled and slithered. 
Madeline trembled and Serenity knew the vampire was fighting every instinct her body threw at her, trying not to tear Serenity to shreds.
Serenity had never been so scared in her life.
Then Madelines face became normal again, as beautiful as ever. Serenity blinked hard; had it even happened?
Madeline held Serenitys wrist over the paper. The cut was small but deep, and blood dripped across the page.
Why did you do that? she sobbed.
Your blood gives the letter credibility.
How will he even know the letter is mine? she asked through her tears. The writing could be anyones.
The blood. He will recognize the scent of your blood.
Serenity remembered the night they first made love, how Sebastian leaped away from her when he nicked her skin. Madeline was right; he would recognize her scent.
If there was any chance of him believing what she wrote, she would lose him forever. She couldnt let Madeline take the letter to Sebastian.
He wont believe a letter, Serenity said. Hell figure out you pressured me into writing it. The first thing hell do is demand to see me.
Madelines eyes narrowed. Well thats too bad.
Serenity held her bloodied wrist in the opposite hand, applying pressure to stop the bleeding. The vampires eyes flicked to the blood. Serenity knew exactly what Madeline was capable of, but forced herself to challenge her.
You think hell go with you if he doesnt have proof Im alive. Youre kidding yourself. I thought you said you knew him?
Madeline flinched.
Take the letter, if thats what you want, Serenity said. But you need to take me too. Ill tell him what you want. We both know he wont leave me alone until hes heard the words from my mouth.
Fine, Madeline snapped. You tell him youve had enough and dont want anything more to do with him. Ill advise him if he doesnt stay with me, Ill kill you. Hearing her own words she smiled, seemingly pleased with herself. Then he will have no other choice but to be mine.
 Or, he might say screw this and let you kill me, Serenity said, not wanting Madeline to think she was giving in too easily.
Sebastian wouldnt do that. He wouldnt let me kill you without a fight.
Why cant you leave him alone?
Madeline looked at her, loneliness haunting her green eyes, and for the first time Serenity saw the woman shed been instead of the vampire shed become.
For the same reason you cant, she replied.

Chapter Twenty


The call came in at almost five in the morning and James Bently was close to finishing his shift. The night had been uneventful so far, causing the last couple of hours to drag. He and Dawson were parked outside one of the shopping mallsa well-known place for the local teenagers to hang outinvestigating recent reports of underage drinking. So far, there hadnt been any signs of drinking, but the two cops warned the kids hanging out anyway.
Report of vandalism at the Hilton Airport, announced a voice over the radio. Possible missing persons. Anyone close by who can respond?
The lights of the high rise hotels serving LAX spattered the night in the not-so-far distance. James glanced at the radio and then at the high rises.
Was he so close to the airport because of Serenity, or simply coincidence?
The call was probably vandalism, nothing more, but the location made him sit up.
The Hilton Airport.
Serenity told him she was staying there. 
There was something about the caseor about the womanhe couldnt get out of his mind. Even her staying at the Hilton didnt ring true. How could someone like Serenity afford to stay at the Hilton? Something didnt seem right but he couldnt put his finger on the problem. 
Her husband had left, yet she hadnt seemed bothered about him attacking another woman. Serenity hadnt even asked about the other womans identity or how shed met Jackson. Then she acted as though she knew her husband wasnt coming home. Shed been so quick to start clearing out his office but what made her so sure?
Serenity knew more than she let on. James just needed to figure out what.
Now this call had come in and their vehicle was closest to the scene.
His partner groaned. Come on, Dawson said. Were close to quitting time. Cant we ignore this one?
Normally, James might have been tempted, but he needed to satisfy his curiosity. If the call had nothing to do with the dark-eyed woman on his mind, at least hed be able to sleep peacefully for the remainder of the night. 
James picked up the radio and responded to the call.
Heading out onto the freeway, they drove the ten minutes to the hotel and pulled up outside the grand, front entrance. The valet stepped forward, eyes darting from side to side, his face portraying the same guilt everyone seemed to get when a cop-car pulled up next to them, even when theyd done nothing wrong. 
James climbed out of the car and the young valet hesitated. 
Dont touch the vehicle, James warned.
The two officers made their way through the foyer to the front desk. A pretty receptionist smiled as they approached.
Weve received a report of vandalism, James said.
The girl nodded. Sure, thats on the eighth floor, suite eight-six-two.  The manager is already waiting for you in the room. She pointed to their right. The elevators are over there.
As the officers took one of the six elevators, James questioned Serenitys choice of residence again. Hed seen her house and she wasnt particularly wealthy. Not only that, she also didnt come across as the type of person who liked big, pretentious hotels. Her choice of refuge surprised him.
The elevator doors slid open and they walked down the corridor, the gold sign attached to the wall telling them which direction to head in.
Room 862.
James stepped into the hotel room and shivered from the cold air racing through the suite. The hotel manager, a smartly dressed woman in her fifties, approached and held out her hand.
Officers, thank you for coming so quickly. Im Michelle Price, the manager. I dont know how to explain this other than to assume vandalism. She gave a shrill, slightly nervous laugh. But, I guess its your job to figure these things out.
Of course.
The incident took place in the bedroom.
James followed the manager through the adjoining door. The gap where the window had once been took up the whole of the front wall. Only a scarily long drop down to the city below was on the other side.
He walked across the room to the missing window. The sheer drop on the other side was dizzying, the city stretching out in front of him. James felt a strange rush of vertigo and put his hand on the wall, steadying himself. Night had started to fade to day and the dawning light made the drop even worse.
Glass crunched beneath foot, but when he looked down he only saw a few shards. He didnt need to check the street below to know the rest of the window would be scattered across the sidewalk. Whoever broke this window had done so from the inside.
The room next door reported an explosion, the manager told him.
He couldnt see any signs of explosives; no powder residue or burn marks on the walls or thick carpeting. The noise the neighbors heard must have been the force of the glass bursting outward.
James went back into the living room and rapped his knuckles against the intact window. The glass was thick, double glazed, designed to keep out the sound of the nearby airport and prevent any accidents from happening. The last thing a high profile hotel needed was people committing suicide from its top floors.
I assume the same glass is used throughout the hotel? he asked the manager.
Yes, of course. The exact same.
James frowned. This isnt a case of someone throwing a chair against a window. Some serious force would be needed to break this glass. Was the room occupied?
Yes, by a couple, but no one saw them leave. The woman came back around five last night, the man an hour or so after.
Have you got their details?
They checked in as Mr. and Mrs. Lorenzo. We have credit card details and an address, but nothing else. We dont require anything more for American citizens.
James checked the rest of the room. The couple who had inhabited the place seemed to have disappeared in-situ. Clothes piled at the bottom of the bed, a half-drunk bottle of coke stood on the dresser. A small bag sat on the chair.
Michelle folded her arms across her chest. When we let ourselves into the room the shower was running. This whole thing is freaky, if you ask me. All we could think of was that someone had thrown themselves through the window, but its protective glass and we didnt find any bodies on the ground below.
James crossed the room, picked up the bag and looked inside. The bag didnt contain mucha couple of changes of clothing and a toiletries bag. These things told him nothing except a woman owned the luggage. He checked the side pockets and found what he wanted; identification.
He read the name on the birth certificate and his stomach dropped.
Serenity Richards.
Richards must have been her maiden name, but James became certain the owner of the bag was the same woman. How many people had the name Serenity?
He bent down and picked up a small sliver of glass. Something came off on his fingers and, with a sinking heart, he realized it was blood.
This was more than a case of vandalism. Someone hadnt smashed the window and left. Someone had been hurt. He desperately wished it wasnt Serenity, but as the minutes passed, his hopes for her dwindled.
What had she gotten herself mixed up in?
James slipped on a pair of latex gloves and instructed Dawson to do the same. Hotels were impossible for getting printsso many people, from the previous guests to the cleaners, passed through the roomsbut blood samples could be matched at a later date.
He experienced the same sensation again; the feeling that something wasnt quite right.
What name did you say theyd checked in as? he asked the manager. The chance someone had stolen Serenitys things and shed never even seen this room still existed.
We didnt get any more than Mrs. Lorenzo. The husband seemed to handle everything.
The husband? 
A man with her would most likely turn out to be her actual husband; the man currently wanted for an alleged rape.
Can you give me a description? he said, bending to pick up more pieces of blood soaked glass and bagging them.
The manager frowned. No, I never thought to check. I can find out though. They ordered room service and the porter who made the delivery is on duty tonight. Hes about to finish his shift.
Lucky him, Dawson muttered, a comment shot down by a glance from James.
The reluctant porter was called up and asked if he remembered what Mrs. Lorenzo looked like.
Long dark hair, dark eyes, the Hispanic man shrugged, embarrassed. Pretty, I guess. She seemed nice, though. She tried to tip me even though the tips are already charged to the room.
Damn it! 
The missing woman must be Serenity. Whatever had happened in this room, he was sure shed been involved.
Where was she now? Had the husband used fake identification and credit card to pay for the room and then attacked her? That the husband had somehow weakened the glass and broken it as a distraction was the only explanation. They wouldnt be able to jump through without some kind of safety harness or rappellinggear.  
Breaking the window would create a diversion, of course, but from what? The couple checked into the hotel using fake names so the police wouldnt have been able to find them.  The husband might have someone else after him; someone far worse than the police and the broken window was an attempt to fake their deaths. 
James sighed and ran a hand through his hair. Whichever way he looked at the scenario, things didnt add up.
What had taken place in this room baffled him but he was also worried for Serenity. Of course, all the signs might be wrong and this wasnt the room she stayed in, but whatever instinct made him become a cop served him well. He hated to think something terrible had happened to her. Hed known something was wrong and he hadnt followed up on what his guts told him.
If she turned up hurt or dead, he had failed her.

As soon as Sebastian saw the police car parked outside the hotels entrance, he knew something was wrong.
How did he miss the scent of panic in the air?
With the fresh blood still roaring around his ears, hed gone back to the site of his feed in an almost numb, drunken haze. He found the body just as hed left it and Sebastian went about the routine of disposing of the body. The whole time, hed been caught up within himself, lost in thoughts of Serenity.
He should have picked up on her anguish in the night. Now, standing in front of the hotel, her fear tainted the air like pollution.
The vampire picked up his pace, moving through the lobby with a speed that made him all but invisible to the people he passed. Using the stairs would be faster than waiting for the elevator, and he raced up the flights, taking them two at a time.
Sebastian reached the hotel room to find the door standing open, peoples muttered voices drifting out to him from inside.
What had happened?
Sick with fear, Sebastian slipped inside the room, his body shadowing the walls, silent and stealth-like. The living room showed no sign of disturbance.
Wind lifted his hair, ruffling his clothes, and he realized both the voices and cold air came from the bedroom.
Two police officers had their backs to him; one crouching down, picking something off the floor. A tall blonde woman stood behind them, her hand hiding her mouth. The bed was still rumpled, the sheets hanging off the end, almost on the floor. But the main thing screaming for attention was the wide, gaping hole where a large pane of thick glass had once been.
He didnt need to think about what happened: Madeline had been here and by the look of things, shed taken Serenity with her.
Sebastian backed out of the room, his presence unnoticed. Furious, he lashed out, catching a wall-mounted fire-extinguisher with his fist, sending it flying across the corridor, to smash into the opposite wall. The extinguisher fell to the floor, leaving a deep dent in the plaster.

In the bedroom, James spun around at the crash and ran for the corridor. A fire extinguisher rolled on the ground; a huge hole in the wall above. He bent down beside the extinguisher and ran his fingers over a dent in the metal. Whoever had thrown the extinguisher did so with extreme force.
James frowned. He picked up the extinguisher, testing the weight. The object felt heavy. For someone to throw it with such force would take some strength. 
Strength enough to break thick glass?
They cant have gone far, he told Dawson, referring to whoever had committed this new act of vandalism. You take the elevator and Ill take the stairwell.
He swung open the door leading to the stairs and ran down. Part of him knew this chase was futile. Whoever had thrown the extinguisher might have stopped on any floor, hiding in any one of the rooms, but James would put money on them leaving the hotel. Something about the rage that action contained left him thinking; whoever threw the extinguisher wouldnt be hiding.
Gasping for breath, the officer burst out onto the ground floor. A porter pushed a trolley full of luggage and James stopped him.
Did anyone run past you?
The porter frowned and shook his head. 
Shit!
James pushed past the trolley and headed for the front doors.

Damn Madeline!
Sebastian didnt know where she would take Serenity. He only hoped Madeline hadnt caused her harm.
Standing outside the hotel, he realized he didnt even know which direction to turn.
To think Serenity was out there somewhere, probably scared, possibly hurt, cut him deep inside. Rage burned like an incinerator, charring all other emotions. He clenched his fists, certain when he got his hands on the other vampire, he would tear her limb from limb.
For a moment, he allowed himself to believe such a thing was possible.
How stupid to leave Serenity alone. If hed taken her with him, she would be safe.
He was always making mistakes, so many mistakes.
Serenity! he roared into the night.
Where should he start looking? Madeline liked fine things. She liked to be treated as though she were someone special; wanted those around her to know she had money and wasnt afraid to spend it. Hed only known her in Europe, never in America, and it had been many, many years since they spent any time together. She could be anywhere in this huge cityeven outside of itand he had no idea where to start.
Madeline was spiteful enough to kill Serenity just to hurt him. But Madeline was also tenacious and to kill Serenity without first using her to threaten him would be a waste to her.
He could only hope Madeline would bring Serenity to him, alive.
Above him, the black sky lightened to a deep, indigo blue and slowly the stars went out, one by one. Day was coming and he had no choice but to head back to his house.
Fury and frustration filled him. Consumed with rage, he brought his palm down on the windshield of the car beside him, shattering the glass. Moving through the car lot, he smashed windshield after windshield, his rage blinding him. A variety of car alarms sounded in the night, like howler monkeys calling their troops in a rainforest.
How could he search for her when he would be bound to his house like a prisoner? At least Madeline would be forced to do the same thingfind a place of refuge during the dayand leave Serenity in peace.
There was nothing left for him to do except leave the hotel and go home.

James stood in the middle of the parking garage and stared around in amazement. Vandalized vehicles surrounded him, each car with its windshield shattered, the glass burst in over the driver and passenger seats. He put his hands over his ears against the cacophony of alarms filling the night.
What the hell was going on?

Chapter Twenty-one


Sebastian had been wrong; Madeline didnt leave Serenity alone.
The windowless aircraft hangar meant the vampire didnt need to hide away from the light any more than she already had.
Serenity huddled in a corner of the hangar. At first she sat with her back resting against the wall but, as the hours wore on, she found herself curled up on the hard floor, drifting in and out of an uncomfortable sleep.
She noticed Madeline also sleptat least, a sleep of her own kind. Though the vampire stood upright with her arms folded, her eyes glazed over and Serenity knew she wasnt fully conscious. 
Yet as soon as Serenity shifted her position to get more comfortable, Madeline sprang awake again.
All around her the drone and roar of airplanes coming to and from LAX waxed and waned. So many people around and no one could help her?
Falling asleep again, Serenity dreamed of planes crashing around her, of running as pieces of burning metal spun through the air past her head, smashing into the ground beside her. She dreamed of Sebastian being on one of the planes, that he was human and died, and she cried in her sleep.
The hard toe of a boot nudged her awake.
Time to go, Madeline told her.
Stiff and in pain, Serenity forced herself to sit and climbed to her feet.
Where are we going?
To see your boyfriend. Where do you think?
Sometimes, trying to talk to the vampire was like trying to converse with a bitchy shop assistant who liked to look down on her customers.
She tried again, And where is he going to be?
Stop asking fucking questions!
Taking Serenity by surprise, the vampire grabbed her by the wrist and started to pull her toward the front of the hangar. She moved too quickly for Serenity to keep up and Serenity stumbled over her feet until Madeline dragged her by the arm.
Hey, slow down, Serenity complained, her arm screaming in its joint.
The red-head whipped around, eyes flashing. Shut up! she hissed.
They reached the small door implanted in the huge aircraft entrance. With what seemed like little effort, Madeline grabbed the thin metal handle and ripped the door from its hinges, dropping it to the floor. The doors padlock, which  had been on the outside of the door, was split and hanging from the frame, as though severed by a bolt cutter.
Seeing the display of Madelines strength shot fear through Serenitys heart. Serenity easily forgot what Madeline was capable of when she looked like a womanalbeit a stunning womanshe might meet in the street.
Dusk had fallen, but plenty of light illuminated the sky. In the dimness ahead, an aircrafts blinking landing lights approached. The distant thrum of its engines grew louder as the space between them and the aircraft decreased.
Two young men in high visibility jackets stood on the runway. The sound of the door being torn off had been disguised by the approaching engines, but not enough to stop them noticing. Even at a distance, Serenity recognized the confusion in their faces at seeing two women standing in the doorway of the empty hangar.
Serenity grabbed her chance.
Help me! she screamed, raising her free arm, waving frantically at them.
The men didnt even have time to react.
Madeline wrapped Serenitys arm across her body, pinning Serenity to her torso. The vampire leaped away from the men, taking Serenity with her. Serenitys head snapped back on her neck and she groaned in pain and fear.
Ahead of them stretched the broad expanse of the runway. Lights were embedded in the black tarmac, guiding in the aircraft for landing. Madeline ran across the asphalt, carrying Serenity with her, heading for the open space on the other side.
The approaching plane bore down on them. So close now, its huge metal belly was exposed as the wheels came down for landing. The sound blasted Serenitys ears, the wind the aircraft created snatching the air from her lungs. Her hair whipped back from her face and the air pressure bore down on her. Her eyes widened with horror, the aircraft about to crush them, and every detail of the planes underbelly filled her vision.
The two men watched in shocked horror, the expectation of a terrible accident written on their faces.
Just as the rear wheels touched down, Madeline darted out from under the plane. Then they were away from the airport, leaving the men in shock and the aircraft safely landed. 
The vampire ran down the freeway, past vehicles traveling at one hundred miles an hour, their headlights catching only a flash of something moving in front of them.
Madeline carried Serenity as though she was no heavier than a sack of flour. They left the freeway and crossed busy streets, running down alleyways and leaping across rooftops. Serenity heard the blare of a car horn as they crossed another part of the freeway and caught a brief glimpse of the shocked faces of people who had seen and felt something pass. Voices flitted in and out of her hearing; the wail of a police siren rushed by her so fast the effect was like tuning in and out of a radio station.
Madeline continued to run through the night with long, bounding steps. When Serenity dared open her eyes, colored lights blurred past. She felt lightheaded and nauseous, motion-sickness threatening to take hold. Instead of fighting against the thing racing her through the night, Serenity clung to Madeline, like a person on a rollercoaster gripping the safety bar.
Finally, they came to a stop.
Serenity fell where Madeline dropped her. Immediately the nausea won out and she lurched onto her hands and knees, vomiting on the ground. Her head spun and she groaned as her stomach fought to climb up out of her throat. She wasnt in the habit of heavy drinking, but this reminded Serenity of the odd occasion shed experienced terrible hangovers.
On all fours, Serenity waited for her world to stop spinning. For a moment she had forgotten everything else; the vampire standing over her and the one she hoped waited for her.
Only the thought of seeing Sebastian again made her pull herself together.
Where had Madeline brought her? 
Sharp stones pressing into her palms and knees stirred a memory; the cut of sharp gravel beneath the soles of her naked feet, her running across it with fear in her heart.
They were at Sebastians house, but where was he?
Serenity forced herself to sit, only to find Madeline staring at her with narrow-eyed hatred, her perfect nose wrinkling at the watery bile Serenity had brought up.
What does he see in you? the vampire said, disgust tainting her voice.
Serenity colored and a familiar doubt washed over her. Madelines words brought back a memory of Jackson shaking his head at her, saying, What do I see in you? and making her feel like the most pointless person in the world. 
Her empty stomach dropped out of itself and a weight crushing down on her shoulders made her so heavy she didnt want to move.
The sensation was the depression that had haunted her for so many years threatening to return.
Serenity shook herself to re-focus. She refused to go back to those dark times. 
Come on, Madeline said, grabbing her again and pulling her to her feet.
Serenity still felt weak and shaky, but at least the sickness had gone. She allowed herself to be pulled across the gravel and up the stone steps toward Sebastians huge front door. With her free hand, Madeline pushed open the door. The heavy wood slammed against the wall behind, the sound ricocheting through the vast hallway.
Serenity held her breath in anticipation.
Ahead of her, the huge curved staircase rose to the second floor. Standing at the top was Sebastian.
Serenity let her breath out in a strange, hitching sob. Seeing him again made her sag with relief.
He wore his customary suit and his strong, solid body filled the cut perfectly. His dark hair was swept away from his porcelain face and his eyes glared a ferocious yellow. He was beautiful and terrifying.
Slowly, like royalty making an entrance at a ball, he walked down the stairs toward them. He focused on Serenity, and his eyes melted back to the pure green shed grown to love. His gaze never left Serenitys face as he approached and she tried to talk to him through eye contact alone, willing him to read her thoughts.
Fight her, Sebastian. Dont listen to what she says, just fight her.
Fear prevented her from speaking out loud. Madelines hand was wrapped around her upper arm; the vampire only needed to reach up and she could snap Serenitys neck in an instant.
Sebastian reached the bottom of the stairs and whipped his attention to Madeline, his eyes flashing bright, fluorescent yellow.
Let her go, he snarled, his fists clenched, his knuckles even whiter than normal.
Madelines grip on her arm tightened.
Oh, I will, she said. Its what she wants, but you have to let her go too.
Ill do whatever you want. Just get away from her. He turned his attention back to Serenity. Serenity, come over here.
I cant, she whispered.  Madelines razor-sharp nails split the skin of her inner arm in warning.
Its what she wants as well, Madeline said. She doesnt want you any more, Sebastian. Shes had enough.
Serenity pressed her lips together, more tears filling her eyes. Surely he would see the truth in her face? 
You need to read this, the vampire said, and flung him the folded piece of paper, stained with Serenitys blood. The note fluttered through the air and landed on the marble floor at the foot of the staircase.
He watched it settle, like a leaf in the wind, and glanced up. Serenity? 
Nails tightened into her skin. Just read the letter, she said. Please.
His eyes never left Serenitys as he bent down and scooped the letter from the floor. He shook the paper open. Slowly, he brought the letter to his face and touched the blood with his lips.
She hurt you, he growled, his head lowered, bull-like, about to rush Madeline.
Serenity couldnt even look at him. Just read it, she said.
His face blanched as he read, the muscles in his jaw twitching.
He looked up at her and she couldnt read the cold hard expression on his face, but the sight frightened her. I dont believe you, he said.
She took a deep breath. Remember what I told you last night, she said. How I said we could live our lives separately, but wed still know the other person would be out there somewhere, and wed still love each other. Remember I said that? Her voice shook with fear, terrified Madeline would realize she was trying to say more than she actually was. Ive realized thats what I want. We should do whatever it takes to make that happen. She paused again, wondering if she risked saying what she needed to, not wanting to push her luck, but she had to let him know where she would go should he need to find her.
Ill be all right, she said breathlessly. You know Ill be somewhere special to me. She stared at him in earnest, hoping he understood the context of her words.
Madeline snorted in disdain of Serenitys emotions, so she continued, Thats what the letter is trying to tell you. I love you, but I cant do this anymore.
He stared at her in disbelief and confusion. 
Youve lost, Sebastian, Madeline said. She doesnt want you anymore. She wants to live a normal life, but I wont let her unless you agree to leave with me. You know Ill kill her if I have to. This is no different than with your wife. You let her down; your unseen presence in her life practically tortured her in the end, Madeline taunted him. You wouldnt want to do the same with this human.
With a roar, Sebastian leaped at Madeline. He flew through the air, his arms outstretched, his hands curled into claws, ready to rip her to shreds. He slammed against her with the impact of a truck. Air whipped past Serenity as the two vampires flew backward together and hit the wall with a crunch of plasterboard. As though two wild animals fought within its walls, sounds of snarls filled the immense hallway. Sebastian had Madeline pinned up against the wall and she fought him like a wild-cat.
Serenity froze for a split second, then turned and ran.
The front door and the main gates stood open and she sprinted through them without so much as pausing to check if she was being chased. Snarls and shrieks continued in the house and, despite her fear for Sebastian, she drew comfort in the sounds. As long as he grappled with Madeline, Serenity had the time to run.
She needed help, but she had no one to turn to. How was she supposed to run from this? How could she keep running from this? Wherever she went, Madeline would find her.
Pounding the pavement with each stride, she dragged air in and out of her lungs in short, painful bursts. She kept expecting an arm to wrap around her neck, to feel the vampires teeth sinking into her throat. Serenity ran because that was the only thing she could do, but that didnt stop her from wanting to turn around and go back. Even with the terror behind her, she didnt want to be separated from Sebastian.
Though still early evening, darkness had fallen across the city. The rest of Los Angeles continued their evening chores, completely unaware of the unimaginable horror taking place within their so-called civilized society.
Serenity ran blindly, as though the devil herself was on her tail.
She shoved past a couple walking their Labrador, shouts of indignation wafted after her. Cars drove by, people on their way home after a long, normal day at work. Drivers and passengers looked at her, their curiosity tinged with fear, but none stopped to enquire about her safety. 
A terrible, sharp pain wrapped around her ribs and her lungs burned. She tried to ignore the pain but she needed to rest. Serenity forced herself to stop and bent over, trying to catch her breath. Her legs trembled, her calf muscles threatening to cramp.
Where did she think she was running to? Wherever she went in the world, there was the chance Madeline would find her again. Could she live like that? Always looking over her shoulder? Wouldnt she be living exactly how shed feared if she had left Jackson?
Serenity glanced around, taking stock, trying to figure out her location. The big houses of the hills had disappeared, giving way to more modest duplexes and apartment buildings.
A gas station was on the other side of the street. A man in a suit filled his BMW and an SUV containing a family pulled into the lot. A sign showing the services available hung above the station door: bathrooms, hot drinks, and which credit cards the station accepted. Below the sign was a pay phone.
Then Serenity remembered the small rectangular card in the back pocket of her jeans.
At the point of exhaustion, she ran across the road. Someone blasted their horn at her in protest, but she barely heard, focused intently on the phone and the rescue it promised.
Graffiti had been scrawled over the glass backing of the booth, but the phone was in one piece. She picked up the black, old-fashioned handset and her heart caught in her throat as a dial tone hummed down the line. 
With her free hand, she fished in her back pocket for the card Officer James Bently had given her. She couldnt locate the card and her heart raced once again, terrified shed lost it, but then her fingertips touched its thin edge and her shoulders sagged in relief.
Serenity pulled the card from her pocket and as she did so a thin sliver of silver dropped to the ground. Her Serenity necklace. Distracted, she bent and picked the jewelry up. Shoving the chain into her back pocket, she turned her attention to the card.
Officer Bentlys cell number.
Serenity dialed the number with shaking fingers, but in her rush she dialed wrongly, and was rewarded with the recorded operators voice telling her to hang up and try again. 
Fuck! she swore.  She slammed the phone back down and then she did as shed been told.
This time the call went through and after two rings he answered, Bently.
Help me, she panted.
The police officers voice sounded in her ear. Serenity? Is that you?
Yes. Yes, its me. Please, I need your help. Someone is trying to kill me. Theyre chasing me.
Where are you? he said, his voice immediately alert. Ill come and get you.
No. Her mind was working. I cant stay here. Meet me at the pier. Ill be at the pier.
She hung up.
A plan was forming in her mind, but it was sketchy and dangerous. She hoped Sebastian was all right, and then she remembered what hed said about one vampire not being able to kill another and prayed it was true. Sebastian said Madeline was stronger and faster than him, but hed attacked her at the house and bought Serenity time. At least she could take comfort that even though Sebastian couldnt kill Madeline, Madeline wouldnt be able to kill him.
In the meantime, she hoped Sebastian had bought her enough time to get to where she needed to go.
She glanced around and saw the owner of the BMW in the gas station shop, picking through the top shelf magazines.
Not thinking of the consequences, she ran to the car, pulled open the door and slid onto the leather seat. As she expected, the keys poked out of the ignition.
She turned the keys and the engine roared to life. Out of the corner of her eye, she watched the owner but he was so absorbed in his magazine, he didnt even notice. 
As she sped out of the lot, she imagined his surprise as he approached the cashier and tried to pay for gas for a car that wasnt there.


Chapter Twenty-two


Madelines head whipped around, lips pulled back from her deadly white teeth in a snarl. Sebastians hands locked around her throat, but his strength wouldnt hold her for long.
Her long, pale fingers wrapped around his wrists, dragging his hands away.
Sebastian threw his body weight against her, at least hoping that would hold her for a minute, but her body felt like a bag full of tightly coiled snakes beneath himall muscleand she pushed him away.
She spun around, facing him, fury burning on her face.
So this is what its come to, Sebastian? Us chasing your little bitch through the night because you havent got the sense to do as youre told?
Ill go with you now, he snapped, trembling with fury. Just leave her alone.
She glared at him. I dont think so. Youve been given enough opportunities to make your choice.
Serenity didnt stand a chance; she couldnt hide from Madeline. But Sebastian had to wonder, did she even plan to hide?
Sebastian remembered what shed saidhow she thought she could stand it if they were both alone, still loving each other. She would rather they were apart than see either of them forced to be with someone they hated. Serenity was the one person who understood Sebastians position; after all, shed been forced to live with a man she despised for so many years. Shed wanted to try to defeat Madeline and the thought of what she might be planning terrified him. He had no idea what she was thinking, but whatever it was, it wouldnt work.
Sebastian felt utterly powerless. He wanted to tear Madelines throat outwould do anything to stop her going after Serenitybut one vampire couldnt kill another. To kill another vampire was impossible; a prime rule written in the dark laws of their kind. An instinct written into their cells prevented them from committing such an act. If he tried to sink his teeth into her throat, his jaw would lock, his strength would melt away, and he would end up helpless until the urge to kill her faded.
He knew this because hed tried many years ago.
Madeline sprang away from him, heading for the front door.
Serenitys blood hung thick on the night air; the wound on her wrist fresh enough to make her whereabouts traceable. As soon as Madeline gave him the letter, with Serenitys blood dribbled across the page, he had become focused on the scent.
MADELINE! Sebastian roared after her as she disappeared out of the door. The other vampire was already gone into the night, chasing the scent of blood Serenity left on the air.
Fear pulsed through him. If she found Serenity now, Madeline would tear her throat out. All of their games were over. Now was the time for action.
Sebastian took off after her.

Like a bloodhound on the scent of a fox, Madeline chased Serenity through the night, Sebastian hot on her tail.
In less than a minute, the trail took Madeline to the garage where Serenity had stolen the car. Sebastian followed close behind, but far enough away for her to ignore his presence. The other vampires focus lay solely on the hunt.
Madeline stood before the garage, hands on her hips. Sebastian stayed hidden on top of a building across the road, watching Madelines actions. He hoped to figure out where Serenity had gone and get ahead of Madeline.
The other vampire must have lost the trail, as he had, the metallic scent of blood merging with that of oil.
On the forecourt, a man stood shouting at a skinny, teenaged attendant.
Where the fuck is my car? he yelled, his hands held up. What sort of fucking scam are you running here?
It didnt take a genius to figure out the reason for the lack of scent and the missing vehicle.
Madeline marched up to the attendant, picked him up by his shoulders and flung him across the lot. He hit one of the pumps and slid down, unconscious. She turned her attention to the slack jawed man in the suit, and grabbed him by the lapels.
Where was it? she hissed, showing her canines, her face horribly white under the harsh lights of the canopy.
 I...I dont know what you mean?
Your car, you idiot. Where was your car?
With a shaky hand, he pointed to pump number one.
Madeline dropped him and he stumbled away, his eyes never leaving the stunningly terrifying woman who had threatened him.
She headed to the pump and then, like a dog, got down on all fours, her lips drawn back, pulling the scent over her olfactory glands, sniffing the ground. 
Sebastian, still watching, forced himself to hold back.
Where was Serenity headed? Her words rang in his ears, Somewhere special.
Only one location came to mind, the same place she had taken him.
The pier.
Suddenly certain of where she was heading, Sebastian hoped he would reach her before Madeline picked up another scent.
Frustration and anger filled him, making him want to punch a hole in a wall.
Though furious at Madeline, he was also angry at Serenity. Did she think she could somehow fight Madeline? She would get herself killed.
Carefully, he backed away, hoping Madeline had forgotten about him. Madeline was so caught up in the hunt shed failed to recall there might be another way to find Serenity; through Sebastian. With the vampires rejection of humanity, she had forgottenwith intimacy comes trust.
Sebastian moved as fast as possible.
He ran with breathtaking speed and grace, leaping across the narrower roads, over fences and through backyards. The vampire hit the San Diego freeway and jumped on top of moving cars, landing on the roofs, making the drivers glance up in surprise. Cars swerved as he moved from one to another.
Sebastian focused on finding Serenity, his brain buzzing with a desperate need to save her. Wind tore past his ears. The headlights of oncoming traffic threatened to blind him, to make him lose his footing, but he quickly gained ground.
Even at night, the lights from the city meant the sky was never totally dark.
As he headed down the Pacific Coast Highway, he saw the pier, delineated by strings of lights. The structure stretched out into the darkness of the ocean, colorful bulbs marking its boundary from the sea. The white moon reflected in ripples on the waves against the horizon.
Serenity was out there, he knew it.
Her vulnerability scared him, alone somewhere on the poorly lit structure, with a creature who wanted her dead hot on her trail.
The pier looked different from the last time they visited. Gone were the tourists, bright lights and music. Instead, silence settled over the structure and a bright yellow Caution tape roped off the front entrance, warning people to stay out. Signs informed visitors of the pier now being a construction site, instructing that hard hats must be worn at all times. Huge pieces of machinerya giant borer drilling machine, a couple of cement mixers and a huge flatbed truck with several steel girders, one hundred feet in length, resting on the backwere positioned at the end of the pier. The wharf was quiet now, the workmen long gone.
Sebastian wanted to call out for Serenity but held his tongue, afraid Madeline might be near. Instead, he used his sense of smell and followed the faint hint of iron on the still night air.
He stepped over the tape and onto the pier. It was strange seeing the place like this, so still and somehow exposed. Removing all the laughter and lights and music uncovered the place for what it really wassmoke and mirrors. Without people, the structure contained no life. 
At a normal pace, a human pace, he walked down the length of the pier toward the machinery at the end.
Right at the end, on the right hand side, work had begun.
A huge metal cylinder had been sunk in the water, down into the bedrock. It ran parallel to the struts already supporting the pier. The existing struts couldnt be removed; doing so would compromise the integrity of the pier and weaken it. Safer to add more support to what already existed. Several days earlier, the cylinder had been sunk and water pumped out of the huge metal tube. Embedded into the bedrock, the cylinder was now water tight. A ladder ran down the sheer internal wall, allowing the workmen access.
Sebastian didnt care about the construction. His attention focused on the woman sitting on the back of the flatbed truck, her legs dangling over the end.
Serenity managed a shaken smile as he approached. I knew you would come.
What the hell are you doing? he said. What if I hadnt found you and Madeline did instead?
She didnt answer his question. Instead, she pushed herself off the flatbed and landed with her feet firmly on the ground. She walked up to him and took hold of his hand, focusing his attention. Her smile disappeared.
Sebastian, you need to listen to me, she said with urgency behind her voice. And you need to trust me. Shell be here soon and I want you to hide. When Madeline gets here, you need to promise mepromise meyou will wait until I call before you come out.
Sebastian started to interrupt, but she held up her hand, stopping him.
As soon as I call out, I want you to come and pull me out of the pipe, but not just me. You need to pull up the ladder, as well. Can you do that? Do you have the strength to rip the whole ladder up?
Yes, of course, but what are you planning? he said, squeezing her hand, fear for her life encompassing him. What the hell are you doing, Serenity? We need to get out of here.
Please, dont even think about the reason for what youre doing. You cant think about it. Just do as I ask. I know this site, Sebastian. It was one of the contracts my old company was working on before I got fired. I know the construction and what materials are being used. It might not be much, but its something and I intend to use every advantage we have.
But...
Shut up, Sebastian, she said. I cant always have someone looking after me. I need to do this for myself.
No. No, you...
He stopped.
Shes coming, he hissed. I can hear her.
Then go, she said. But please, do as I ask
So he did.

The sound of the siren blaring above James Bentlys head gave him comfort. With confidence, he skillfully guided the car as traffic pulled to the side, allowing him through. 
He headed across Lincoln Boulevard and hit a red light. The car in front didnt budge. Some young guy had his music on so loud at first he didnt hear the police siren behind him. Then his gaze flicked up to the rear view mirror to see the police officer staring back. Momentary panic flashed in his eyes before he pulled the car to the right.
After Serenitys call came through, James told Dawson to go home. His partner did so willinglyDawson had already been peeved from their trip to the hoteland happily called it a night.
Heart racing, James sped through the city. Serenitys terror had been apparent on the phone. She said someone was after her and James believed her.
So many questions raced through his mind. What the hell had happened at the hotel? He no longer questioned the possibility that someone else had disappeared from the room, but what shed gotten herself involved with remained a mystery. He couldnt explain much of what had happenedfrom how the glass in the bedroom had been broken, to how someone managed to shatter dozens of windshields in a matter of seconds and then disappear without a trace. If he didnt know better, James would have thought he was chasing a ghost.
Something wasnt right. He was afraid of what he might find when he eventually reached Serenity, as though some part of him had already seen his future and couldnt quite comprehend it.
He wasnt on duty anymore. If someone reported him driving through Los Angeles with his lights and siren on, because of a phone call from a woman he barely knew, he would be reprimanded.
Would he be doing this if the woman in question didnt have big, dark eyes, or skin the color of cream? Everything about her made him want to protect and take care of her. It made him crazy that a woman like Serenity would stay with a husband who hurt her.
Youd do the same for anyone else in trouble, he told himself. Hed do exactly the same thing if Serenity was thirty years older or a man.
So why did his heart beat so hard and his palms leave a slick of sweat on the steering wheel?
James hoped hed get to the pier before whoever was chasing her reached Serenity first.
The most obvious answer to all of this was her good-for-nothing husband. Hed come out of whatever hole hed been hiding in and found where she was staying. James couldnt explain how hed broken the window in the hotel room, but Serenity must have finally run from him. James refused to be another man who let her down.
The vehicle ate up the miles, the wail of the siren helping things along. The car sped down the Pacific Coast Highway and into the affluent area of Santa Monica. Within minutes, he headed down Colorado Avenue toward the pier. Before he got too close, James killed the siren.
Immediately, the silence struck him. He had forgotten the pier was closed for reinforcements and had expected the place to be covered in the usual throng of tourists and bright lights. Tonight, darkness settled over the structure. Only the thin strip of colored bulbs hanging along the edges offered any light.
A silver BMW sat abandoned at the entrance with its headlights left on. The bright halogens lit up the front part of the pier, revealing frozen pigs with saddles on their backs, and painted grins on their faces. The effect on the carousel was eerie and a shiver ran down his spine. He wasnt a man who spooked easily, but after the events earlier, things had changed.
James pulled his patrol car up beside the BMW and got out. Everything remained quiet. Hed known work was taking place on the pier, but he hadnt thought about it when Serenity gave him the place to meet. That wasnt like him; he didnt usually miss details. The sudden appearance of Serenity in his life seemed to be changing him.
He put his hand on his hip, reassured by the solid metal of his gun in its holster. He didnt know if Serenitys husband would be carrying, but he wasnt going to take the risk of going out there unarmed.
With cautious but fast steps, James headed out onto the wharf, using the now dark and silent attractions as cover. The holster of his gun was unclasped, his fingers never far from the weapon. He scanned the area, searching for any place Serenity might hide. He wanted to call her name, but didnt want to alert her husband to his location.
The silent amusements loomed over him; a clowns maniacal face, a giant porcelain fortune teller with wide, staring eyes. James wished hed called for backup.
Maybe Serenity hadnt reached the pier yet? He did have the advantage of a police car and siren. If not for the abandoned BMW, he might have convinced himself he was alone.
Then he saw her.
Serenity stood, balanced on the end of the pier. One of the huge metal cylinders being used to reinforce the pier had been sunk deep into the ocean beside her.
Beyond the pier, beyond the black sea, an ominous grouping of clouds grew on the horizon. The bank rolled toward them, threatening to blanket the moon and steal what little light they had. A cold wind picked up, lifting Serenitys hair from her neck and making James unconsciously tighten his muscles.
The sudden chill wasnt the only thing causing James to tense; Serenity wasnt alone.
A woman stood in front of her, her back to James. Red hair fell in spirals down her back. 
A memory tugged at him.
The two women appeared to be in a stand-off. The other woman stood tall, with her hands on her hips, not looking the slightest bit intimidated.
Could this be the person chasing Serenity? The same person who had smashed the window in the hotel? A woman? He found it hard to believe a female would have the strength and speed to create such damage, but it wasnt impossible. However, the manager at the hotel said a man and a woman were staying in the hotel room, not two women. 
That wasnt his concern right now; he needed to focus on the scene in front of him.
At first he thought neither of the women had noticed him but then Serenitys eyes flickered to his and he saw them dark with abject fear.
Something was very wrong here.
Instinct switched on and he snatched his gun from his holster. James opened his mouth to shout freeze, but never got the chance.
The woman spun around snarling, her lips drawn back from teeth which looked as though theyd been filed down to razor points. Her eyes glowed in the dark; bright yellow with slit pupils like those of a snake. Her skin was whiter than the moon, and had the appearance of a corpse; waxy and shiny. Despite all of this, James recognized her immediately. Although he hadnt been present when the woman came in to the station to report Jackson Hathaway had raped her, hed seen the photographs taken as evidence.
Except, she wasnt just a woman.
She focused on him and leaped. Her movements were unnatural, more animal than human. She flew through the air, face contorted in a terrible snarl, fingers outstretched and curled as though she intended to tear him apart with her fingertips when she landed.
James reacted. He raised the gun and fired three times in quick succession. Her body jerked in the air, once, twice, three times, and then dropped to the ground a few feet from him.
Though in shock, his mind was already forming reasonsmaybe a bad dose of ice, a horrific drug that had become popular in the cityanything to rationalize what hed seen. In his eight years as a cop, hed never been forced to kill a woman and the act shook him to his core. 
But even as he came up with excuses, she started to get to her feet.
What the fuck? he breathed.
In the rapidly deteriorating light, he searched for Serenity. She no longer stood on the edge of the pier. She must be hiding and he didnt blame her.
The woman stood up straight, her eyes wide, never blinking. She tilted her head to one side and looked him up and down.
You fucking shot me! she said, as though outraged by his actions.
James opened him mouth and closed it again. Hed been about to apologize and then realized how insane that was. How was she standing there? How the fuck was she speaking to him? She should be dead.
He searched her chest, trying to find the bullet holes and accompanying blood. Had he missed? No, hed seen her body jerk as the bullets hit.
What the hell are you? he said, his voice barely a whisper. Her face was an unearthly white and he struggled to believe those terrifying yellow eyes belonged in this world. 
She raised an eyebrow. You shot me three times and you get to ask the questions? I dont think so.
The woman spoke as though all he had done was rear-end her car.
This was insane. She would have looked like an attractive, smartly dressed woman if it wasnt for her face. 
She flew at him.
Her body blocked out the moon. A moment later, she smashed James to the ground, knocking the air from his lungs. The hand holding the gun cracked against the ground and instinctively he tightened his grip.
A blast exploded next to his head, the gunshot ringing out in the still night. His ear rang from the concussion of the shot. 
The woman-thing perched on his chest, crushing him. She looked down into his face as he desperately tried to gasp for breath.
Well that was stupid, she said, her lips curled in a horrific snarl-smile. You almost did my job for me.
She lowered her head toward his, yellow eyes searching his face. Her full lips hovered inches from his. Her tongue snuck out and she slowly traced his upper lip in a cold embrace. James shrank in revulsion.
Shame you have to die, she said, her mouth almost touching his. Youre a handsome one.
She lowered her mouth to his throat, her sharp teeth ready to tear the flesh. James resigned himself to a quick death, but a name, distant and muffled, was shouted;
Madeline!
Serenity?
The thing sitting on his chest sat up, suddenly alert, distracted.
Then, with a swipe of her fist, she knocked him out cold.

Chapter Twenty-three


Serenity knew she would feel terrible later about what she had put James Bently through, but right now she didnt have the luxury of time to care. She had known James would try to protect her and he had bought her enough time to do what was needed.
The moment Serenity saw him standing on the pier she knew Madeline must have also been aware of his presence. As soon as Madelines attention turned, Serenity ran for the cylinder. A ladder ran down the side, but Serenity needed to climb over the edge to get herself into the pipe and the climb was awkward. There was a moment where she thought she might slip and fall and the fear of plunging to her death clutched at her heart, but then she got a solid hold of the ladder and started her descent.
Near the top, the oceans waves pounded against the metal. As she climbed deeper, the sound became hollow, but still loud and resonating.
She didnt need to climb too deep, but she needed to be far enough from the top. Her fingers traced the metal of the ladder, searching for the one thing she prayed would bring everything togethersomething sharp enough to do the job. Serenity ascended; hand over hand, deeper into the pipe and into the dark. She used her feet to search for the next rung, certain at any moment the vampire would fall upon her before she could carry out her plan.
Above her, three muffled shots went off in succession. She prayed for Jamess safety, hoping his shots had been enough to slow her down. She couldnt bear the thought of another death on her conscience.
Serenity desperately traced the metal struts and joins of the ladder. She only needed a little imperfection; just enough to reopen what Madeline had started.
She ran her fingers over the steel like a blind man, panic threatening to take hold. Nothing was ever this perfect on a construction site. She didnt need much but if she didnt find anything, she would resort to tearing the wound apart with her teeth.
At last her ring finger found what she searched for; the smallest piece of sharp metal, a joining on the ladder that someone hadnt filed off. Her heart jumped, a fresh spurt of adrenaline making her head spin.
The prong was small, but enough.
Time slipped away like sand; the vampire would be there at any moment. Serenity placed her bitten wrist against the sharp piece of metal. She took a deep breath and slashed the wound, sucking air between her teeth as pain ripped through her arm. She tore down; opening the wound even deeper than before.
Blood poured from her wrist in a dangerous torrent. Dizzy with pain, Serenity concentrated on holding onto the ladder and doing what was needed.
With the blood running freely, Serenity held her arm away from the ladder, allowing the fluid to spill through the air, down to the base of the cylinder and the bedrock it stood upon. She had no idea how much blood she was losing, but from the dizziness and nausea, Serenity assumed the loss was substantial. 
Have I gone too far? I might bleed out here in this metal pipe. 
Terrified, Serenity pulled her arm back against her body. She wrapped her other arm around the back of the ladder, hugging herself against the cold metal, and then used both hands to rip her thin t-shirt. She managed to tear a strip and wrapped the material around her injured wrist, holding it as tight as possible to try and stop the flow of blood. She couldnt just wait here, bleeding out. Madeline would smell it.
Satisfied she had done all she could, she lifted her face to the open air and screamed:
Madeline!
For a moment, there was nothing and the world seemed to pause, then she saw the vampire above her, silhouetted against the moon.
Serenitys breath froze in her chest and her heart stopped. She squeezed her eyes shut and pressed as close to the ladder as possible, hugging the metal, willing herself to be smaller, to disappear. She linked her arms around the back of the ladder, using her uninjured hand to stem the blood flow on her injured wrist, wrapping it tight, praying that would be enough.
The vampire did exactly as Serenity had predicted and leaped down the pipe. Madeline followed the overwhelming scent of blood; the small pool collected at the base of the cylinder. Serenitys blood.
Serenity held her breath, praying Madeline wouldnt pick up her scent as she clung to the wall. Had her wrist bled enough to distract Madeline? Was it still bleeding? 
The vampire leapt down the pipe.
Certain she had been noticed, Serenity clung to the ladder utterly still, her breath trapped in her lungs. She waited for Madeline to land directly on her; braced herself for the impact, expecting razor claws to tear through her clothing and into the flesh of her back, for Madelines teeth to sink into the exposed part of her throat.
The vampire flew straight past, so close the air swept around Serenity. Then she was gone, disappeared into the depths of the pipe.
Serenity exhaled as quietly as possible; scared she would sob or cry with the next breath. Giddy with relief, unable to understand how she hadnt been heard when her heart pounded like tribal drums in her chest. 
She had forgotten the movement of the ocean around her, how it pounded against the walls of the cylinder, camouflaging the sound of her beating heart.
Serenity pressed her head against the cold bars of the ladder and squeezed her eyes shut. She resisted the impulse to start scrambling back up the ladder as fast as possible, to get the hell out of there.
All she could do was press her forehead against the ladder and pray Sebastian would do as she had asked.
A scream of frustration echoed up the pipe. Madeline had reached the bottom and discovered Serenitys trick. The vampire knew shed been out-smarted. With another scream that vibrated the walls, drowning out even the pounding of the ocean on the exterior of the cylinder, she leaped back up the ladder toward Serenity; ten feet, twenty, closer and closer.
She needed to call to Sebastian but terror trapped her voice. 
Madelines cold fingers wrapped around Serenitys ankle and Serenity screamed. The vampire used Serenitys leg to pull herself up, one cold hand after the other. She was certain Madeline would pull her down with her. The vampires grip on her ankle was too strong, and Serenity thought if she didnt let go of the ladder, Madeline would tear her leg off, ripping tendons and nerves and skin. 
You think you can trick me! Madeline screeched at her; her anger terrifying.
Serenity lifted her head to the sky. Now! she screamed up to Sebastian.
Above her came the sound of metal tearing and the ladder jolted beneath her, but there was no longer time. Simply removing the ladder would not be enough to trap Madeline at the bottom of the pipe. 
In a flash of inspiration, Serenity remembered something. She didnt know how she found the strength, but she let go of the ladder with one hand and reached into the back pocket of her jeans, her fingers wrapping around the thin silver chain still nestled there.
Like a giant spider, Madeline clambered over Serenity until her face was level with Serenitys throat. The vampire opened her mouth, a wide, gaping hole filled with deadly sharp teeth.
In a last moment of strength, Serenity tore the chain from her pocket, wrapping the silver around her fingers, terrified she would drop it. Blood pounded in her ears and she was blind with terror. The vampires cold lips pressed against her throat and Serenity took that moment to act.
Take that, Bitch! Serenity screamed and shoved the necklace deep into Madelines gaping mouth, forcing her hand into Madelines throat. The vampires teeth locked around her wrist, but then the pipe filled with the sound of sizzling flesh and Madeline screamed.
The vampires teeth sunk deeper into Serenitys already injured wrist and Serenity screamed in synchronicity with Madeline, fresh pain spearing up her arm. Like a fire-breathing dragon, Madeline exhaled a long, slow stream of smoke as her teeth unlocked. The vampire fell backward with a horrific gurgling screech, plummeting down to the seabed.
From the bottom of the pipe, Serenity heard a strange, distant mewling and the smell of burned flesh assaulted her nostrils. She froze in terror, certain she would hear Madeline scurrying back up the pipe; that the vampire would quickly recover and come after her to rip her to shreds. But only silence met her straining ears and after a few moments even the mewling stopped.
Was it over? Serenity sobbed against her arm. She was faint from blood loss and her leg felt as though someone had literally tried to tear it from her body. She wouldnt be able to put any weight on the limb.
Serenity?
Sebastians voice echoed down to her and she cried out in relief.
Pull up the ladder, Sebastian, she managed to call up, though her voice sounded weak and shaky. Quickly!
Again, the ladder shifted and she held on tight as Sebastian pulled the ladder up the pipe, removing Madelines only way of escaping. Even a vampire wouldnt be able to scale the sheer walls of the pipe without some kind of footing and there wasnt enough space at the bottom for her to get a run up to jump, especially not injured.
Within moments, Serenity found herself at the top of the pipe. Sebastian used one hand to hold the ladder and the other to pull her up and over the side. Her leg was a mass of pain, but Serenitys relief at being out of the dark pipe and back in Sebastians presence meant she barely noticed.
Are you okay? he asked her gently, his eyes seeking hers as he carefully helped her to the ground.
She nodded. My leg and wrist are hurt, but otherwise Im fine. Please, get rid of the ladder.
He let go of her hand and pulled the rest of the ladder up out of the pipe. As though holding a javelin as opposed to tens of feet of metal, he lifted the ladder above his head and plunged it off the side of the pier. Quickly, the metal disappeared beneath the black water.
Serenitys thoughts turned to James. Aware of the possibility that Madeline had killed him, she hoped he was okay.
She could tell herself Sebastian would never have allowed Madeline to kill the police officer, but she didnt know how much Sebastian was aware of what had happened. After all, the point of the plan was for the consequences of Sebastians actions to be hidden from him, so whatever ancient law he abided by would not be broken.
Serenity might think shed been protecting Sebastian, but in truth she had manipulated him. Except, she remembered what hed told her in the hospital. I cant save you, hed said. Youre the only one who can do that.  
In an instant, Sebastian stood at her side. What happened down there, Serenity? 
She looked at the ground, somehow ashamed. You dont want to know.
But do you think shes gone? Did you kill her?
Serenity shook her head. I doubt it, but she might be contained for a while. Theres nowhere to hide at the bottom of the pipe and once the sun comes up, shell never be able to harm anyone again.
With her words, they both glanced at the sky. The storm clouds continued to gather and many hours would pass before daylight came again. From behind them, James groaned and stirred to a semi-conscious state. 
Serenity swallowed, a sudden lump in her throat. She knew what they had agreed; once she was safe Sebastian would leave. 
Its time for you to go, isnt it?
He nodded and reached over, pulling her into his arms. She clung to him as though her life depended on it, her face buried against his neck, trying to hold back the tears. Serenity couldnt say goodbye to him, she just couldnt. Her heart would surely break.
Please... she managed. Her tears were wet against his skin and she tasted salt, but Serenity couldnt finish her sentence.
Please dont leave me.
Carefully, Sebastian untangled himself from her arms, pulling her in front of him. He stared at her for what felt like a lifetime and then lowered his face to hers, kissing her with intensity like shed never experienced before. Tears poured down her cheeks and he kissed them away.
Youre safe now, he said, kissing her face. No one can hurt you.
You can, she said. You can still hurt me.
He shook his head. Only if I stay.
No! Youre hurting me by leaving!
I have no choice, Serenity. Remember what we agreed? I will be out there, loving you, and that will never change. You can go through your life knowing you have what most people never findlove for the rest of time.
Thats not enough, she sobbed. 
James moved again, quickly regaining consciousness.
Itll be easier for you if you dont have to explain me to him, said Sebastian. I think youve got enough to explain already.
I dont think anyone is going to believe what I say. 
Youll make them, he said. He reached out and touched her cheek. I have to go. 
This time she couldnt argue. She weakened in his arms, but he held her up and kissed her one last time. Serenity closed her eyes, trying to commit the sensation to memory. Her heart breaking, she suddenly realized only air met her embrace. 
Sebastian was gone.
A wail of anguish escaped her throat and she fell to the ground, sobbing into her hands.
Her only love was gone.

Serenity? a tentative voice called to her, and she looked up, heart filled with the hope that Sebastian had come back. Instead, James Bently stood before her, shell-shocked, but very much alive. In her pain, shed forgotten him.
Are you okay? he asked.
She wanted to say no, she would rather be dead than forced to live without the one person who had ever loved her, but he wouldnt understand. No one would ever understand.
My leg, she managed. Ive hurt my leg and Ive lost a lot of blood.
Dont move, he instructed her. Ill help you up.
James crouched to help Serenity to her feet, but before he did, she saw a flash of memory cross his features.
What about that woman? Is she gone?
Serenity nodded. Yes, I think so.
His shoulders sagged in relief. James gathered his arms around her and lifted Serenity to her feet. Shards of pain speared up through her leg, into her hip and she winced. The events of the last twenty-four hours had left her weak and exhausted and Serenity allowed James to support her.
Are you sure youre okay? he asked again. 
She nodded and saw the dark bruise spreading across one side of his face and the slick of blood wetting his hair.
Youre hurt, she said, reaching out to touch his face, but he jolted away.
Ill live, but I think youve got some explaining to do.
I thought so.
What the hell was that thing? he said. I shot her three times and it didnt even slow her down. What the hell was she?
You dont want to know.
I do, Serenity, and youre going to tell me.
Serenity sighed. She didnt want to get into a debate about what was or wasnt real. 
She was a vampire. Thats why the bullets didnt hurt her.
He blinked once. Thats crazy. How am I supposed to believe such a thing?
Believe it, she said, suddenly discovering she wanted him to believe. What other choice do you have?
As they stood, huddled together, trying to regain their strength and figure out what to do next, Serenity was sure they were alone.
Then she felt his breath against the back of her neck and his words were so soft they could have been the wind whispering to her. But she knew it was Sebastian, telling her goodbye.
I love you, he whispered. I will always love you.
Then he was gone.
Serenity clutched his words to her heart.
Come on, James said, unaware of what had just happened. We need to get you to a hospital.
Serenity shook her head. Not yet. If you want to be able to sleep without seeing the vampire in your dreams, we have to wait.
James frowned, What for?
Daylight.
He paused, his natural instinct to argue with her, but then he must have remembered what hed seen, and nodded.
Okay, he said. We wait.
The two of them sat down on the deck of the pier and huddled together, trying to keep warm, waiting for the sky to fade from the deep black of night to a dark indigo blue.
As the hours passed, Serenity dozed. A thousand times she jerked awake, certain she heard the sound of nails scratching up the inside of the steel pipe, or a distant and hollow scream of fury, but each time she was wrong.
When eventually the night began to turn to day, James carried Serenity to his patrol car, taking her to safety. 
As they reached the vehicle and the sun mounted the horizon, Serenity knew the scream of agony and rage drifting up from the bottom of the pipe was no longer her imagination.


Chapter Twenty-four


The following weeks and months were hard; sometimes impossibly so.
Unable to stand the thought of staying in the duplex, Serenity used what little money she had to rent a small apartment on the other side of the city. She had been lucky and found tenants for her place, so she didnt need to worry about money for the moment.
Her heart, however, was broken.
For many weeks, she spent most of her time lying on the strange bed in the unfamiliar apartment, crying until her chest and head hurtuntil every part of her hurtand dulled the pain in her heart. She tortured herself by reliving every moment spent with Sebastian, of how his skin tasted, how she felt when he held her in his arms, the touch of his skin against her lips. Even worse, she imagined him with someone else. She convinced herself Sebastian hadnt meant the things hed said, that everything had been a lie.
On a particularly bad day, she caught a cab to Sebastians house in the hills, hoping to catch a sight of him, but the big wrought iron gates shed once fought to get out of were closed with a thick chain and bolted shut.
He wasnt there and she doubted he would ever return.
As the weeks passed, the pain dulled.
She would never have a normal life; it was impossible with the knowledge she now lived with. Serenity had been exposed to a part of life meant to be hidden from humanity. She doubted she would ever see life in a normal way again.
Serenity missed him every single day. To know he was out there somewhere, doing whatever he needed to survive, or even worse, having met someone else, tore her apart. On good days, she liked to think of him thinking of her, that they were still connected; her guardian angel in demon form.
Numerous times, Serenity thought she spotted him; the back of his head in a crowd, or his face from a car window. Each time her heart raced, but the person was never him.
Hed promised her he wouldnt be around, he didnt want to haunt her as he had his wife and family, and Sebastian wanted Serenity to get on with her life. His words couldnt stop her from hoping she would see him again.
James Bently had been a constant figure in her life since Sebastians departure. He dropped in on her almost every day, bringing her grocery bags of fresh bread and milk, and takeout cups of hot soup. His visits finally made her aware of her unwashed state and embarrassed her enough to force her into the shower, to wash her hair and brush her teeth.
Though they hadnt spoken about what happened that day, like Sebastian, James helped make things disappear.
He talked the owner of the BMW into dropping the charges of theft and claimed the woman who accused Jackson of rape had retracted her statement. Apparently, victims of assault often withdrew charges; something Serenity knew all about. On this occasion though, things worked in her favor and she was finally free to live her life without repercussions.
Of course, in her heart things werent wiped clean so easily.
At night, alone, her memories haunted her and she dreamed.
Serenity dreamed of being a child, of her mother stroking her hair and putting her to bed. She imagined waking up alone, searching the house to discover it empty, her mother abandoning her in favor of yet another party. 
An overwhelming loneliness pervaded Serenitys subconscious.
She dreamed of Jackson hitting her, of her hitting him back. She dreamed of violence and anger and rage.
And she dreamed of Sebastian; raw, sexual dreams, where he penetrated her with his fingers, his penis, his tongue. Serenity came in her sleep, crying out in pain and pleasure. She dreamed of him leaving and she cried, waking to find the pillow saturated beneath her face.
The dreams were so vivid she struggled to separate them from reality.
When she woke, shaking and sweating in the morning light, Serenity had to piece her life back together again, to pick apart which of her memories were dreams and which were real. If she dreamed of Sebastian, she closed her eyes again, desperately trying to get back to the place where he was real to her.
Gradually, the dreams began to fade and with them her memories of Sebastian.
Serenity was finally accepting her identity. She would have the life Sebastian wanted for her. But she was still heartbroken and couldnt imagine having a normal life; meeting someone, getting married, having a family of her own, but she dealt with it. Serenity was her own person now. Shed stood up for herself. Sebastian had been right; no one else could save her, she needed to do that for herself.
When James Bently finally asked her out for dinner, she accepted.
Serenity struggled to think of him as anything more than a friend. James was a good man, and she was an idiot for overlooking him. He could have been the happy ending Sebastian wanted for her, but it was impossible for her to imagine him as anything else. She knew he wanted moresaw it in the awkward way he held a door open for her or accidently brushed her handyet with him she felt guilty. Guilty for tricking him and what shed put him through. The emotion also came from her being with another man when there was only one person she wanted.
She told James exactly how she felt and he accepted it with a grace and humility that made her heart melt.
Perhaps he would be her happy ending, but in her heart she knew it would always be Sebastian. Time would never change that. Maybe she would see Sebastian again, maybe not, but she would always hold his love in her heart.
Things were different now. Serenity was different. She had finally learned how to be alone, to take care of herself and stand on her own two feet.
In the end, Sebastian had taught her independence. Madeline had taught her courage. Somehow, even Jackson had taught her how strong she could be.
Sometimes, you had to learn to be your own happy ending. Sometimes, she realized, it was okay to be alone.


~*~


Please continue to read for the Prologue of the sequel, Buried (Book two in the Serenity series) which is now available to buy.


BURIED

Book Two in the Serenity Series

Prologue

It woke to the sense of drowning; of lungs so full it was unable to take a breath. It woke to claustrophobia; compressed on every side. It woke to panic and fear. 
Though the creatures eyes were wide open, only darkness filled its sight. Its natural instinct was to take a breath, feel its chest rise and fall, but despite its struggle, nothing happened.
Its mind was a blura mess of darkness, pain and anger. It had no idea who it was or what had happened. Negative emotions filled the creature; fury, fear and an overwhelming desire.
Something was wrong.
The creature opened its mouth to roar in frustration and fear, but dirt poured into its gaping maw. The grainy taste of earth filled its mouth and the particles crunched between its teeth, clogging its throat.
Panic took hold and it fought against the confines. It clawed and scratched, pushed and fought until something above gave way.
With increased vigour, it burst from the earthen tomb. Dirt flew upward, spattering around in clods, as though an explosion had occurred beneath the ground. 
The thing sat up, the last of the earth falling from its body, and it blinked against the sudden light. For a few moments it sat, waiting for the burst of fire in front of its eyeballs to subside, waiting to adjust. Soon enough, they did and the creature looked around with wary curiosity.
Trees towered above, creating a canopy of dappled green light. Lifting its dirt encrusted fingers, the creature shielded its eyes again, seeing none of the beauty. All around was silence. No birds sang, no insects buzzed in the air, even the wind seemed to pause in the leaves, holding its breath against the horror beneath.
Pain ripped through its body, and the thing shrieked, curling over upon itself. Every nerve ending burned. It wanted to rip the flesh from its own body, tear at itself with its teeth.
A need overwhelmed it, a thirst, something that would stop the pain. With wild eyes, the creature lifted its face to the sky and sniffed the air. What it needed was out there; it smelled it on the air like smoke from a bonfire on an autumn day. Though the things muscles burned in agony, they also twitched with strength, an energy needing to be used, and it itched to get moving. 
The creature unfurled from the earthen hole that had been its resting place and stretched, flexing stiff muscles. Clothes hung from its limbs in tattered pieces; the years spent buried beneath the earth decomposing them beyond recognition.
As it took the first tentative steps, flashes of thought jolted its mind like lightning strikes, memories of a life once lived. The thing stopped in its tracks, clutching at its head, confused. 
But need drove it on. 
Pushing its way through trees and bushes, it paid no attention to the branches whipping at its head or the brambles hooking its flesh. External pain meant nothing.
The flashes came again and it screamed at the thoughts, battering at its head with its hands, trying to drive away the images. Nothing could keep it from what it needed.
As it pushed its way through more undergrowth, the scent became overwhelming. Ahead, the thing noticed two figures, one larger than the other, both with bags strapped to their backs.
Out of an instinct coming from somewhere ancient and dark, it went for the larger one first, knowing the smaller one would do little to defend itself or its mate. The larger onethe maledidnt even have time to scream
Sharp teeth sank into the males throat, tearing and biting and devouring. Overcome in its frenzy to feed, not only on the blood, but on the flesh and the fear, the creature forgot the pain for a moment. The smaller one, a female, screamed in a pitch that hurt its ears and it turned to see her eyes wide with fear.
Filled with its own sense of power and strength, its face and chest covered in warm blood, it lifted its head to the sky and roared.
The smaller one turned and ran.
The creature leaped, soaring through the air, landing directly on the smaller ones back, knocking her to the ground. The air crushed from the females lungs and she didnt get the chance to take another breath. The thing buried its face in the sweet warmth of her throat and slowly sank its teeth in, relishing every moment as she lay beneath it, defenceless and fragile as a bird. The blood came in like mothers milk and it fedtearing, lapping and swallowing, until only a carcass was left.
It lifted its head and sniffed the air. It could kill again if it wanted, but for the moment it needed to rest.
Something beyond the trees drew itthe noise of the city in the distancebut it would wait. It needed to grow strong, and so needed to go back beneath the ground. Using its bare hands, the creature dug its way back into the comfort of the earth, pulling the dirt back in over itself. Despite its earlier panic, the cool dark of the ground now offered peace.
As it lay down to rest, one name formed in the things deranged mind.
Serenity.


~*~

Also by Marissa Farrar

The Serenity Series:

THE VENGEFUL VAMPIRE 
BURIED
CAPTURED

Book Four, DOMINION, will be published October 2012.

THE DARK ROAD
WHERE THE DEAD LIVE
IN THE COMPANY OF THE DEAD
THE BODY FARM



Coming August 2012

UNDERLIFE

About the Author

Marissa Farrar is a multi-published horror and paranormal author. She was born in Devon, England, loves to travel and has lived in both Australia and Spain. She now resides in Devon with her husband, two children, a crazy Spanish rescue dog and four hens. She has a degree in Zoology, but her true love has always been writing. 
Her dark take on a vampire romance, Alone, was first published in 2009 and has now been re-launched together with the other books in what is not the Serenity series. She is also the author of the horror novel, The Dark Road, and two short story collections.
Her short stories have been accepted for a number of anthologies including, Their Dark Masters, Red Skies Press, Masters of Horror: Damned If You Dont, Triskaideka Books; and 2013: The Aftermath, Pill Hill Press. 
If you want to know more about Marissa, then please visit her website at www.marissa-farrar.blogspot.com. You can also find her at her facebook page, www.facebook.com/marissa.farrar.author or follow her on twitter @marissafarrar.
She loves to hear from readers and can be emailed at marissafarrar@hotmail.co.uk.


