ICY BLUE DESCENT (Book 4 of the Jay Leicester Mysteries Series)

by JC Simmons

Copyright 2012 by JC Simmons
Smashwords Edition


This ebook, ICY BLUE DESCENT, is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. ICY BLUE DESCENT may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


PUBLISHED BY NIGHTTIME PRESS LLC
Copyright  2012 Edition by JC Simmons
All rights reserved

Check out all ten books in
The Jay Leicester Mysteries Series:

Blood on the Vine
Some People Die Quick
Blind Overlook
Icy Blue Descent
The Electra File
Popping the Shine
Four Nines Fine
The Underground Lady
Akel Dama
The Candela of Cancri

Now available at the usual outlets
Icy Blue Descent
(Book 4 of the Jay Leicester Mysteries Series)
By JC Simmons
***



PROLOGUE

Three Weeks Earlier

The three men viciously and repeatedly raped the young woman, their grunts animalistic, the laughter, maniacal. She felt the pain, heard the horrible sounds through the veil of drugs pumping through her veins. Her treatment was something no human should be forced to endure. The torture lasted for two days. Her last conscious thought was of her sister why?
The men had their orders. Do what they wanted with her, keep her drugged, then feed her to the sharks.


CHAPTER ONE

It was a cold, misty, overcast day. It was Monday, and I was hung over from two days of heavy drinking. At least I wasn't toxic, just lethargic and shaky. Self-induced alcohol toxemia is pathetic and stupid. Today I wasn't pathetic, just stupid. There's an extremely thin line between the two.
The last thing I needed was a new client. The current ones were being sorely neglected. However the Gods, angered at my weekend indiscretions, sent one through the door at nine a.m. She didn't bother to knock, simply walked in and sat down in the chair in front of my desk without saying a word, silent, staring.
We looked at each other as if across an interplanetary distance, both defiant, stubborn. Finally, conceding the game, I said, "There is some reason you're here?" 
"There is if you are Jay Leicester."
"Who sent you?"
"Are you Jay Leicester?"
"It says so on the front of the door, right above the sign that reads, "Knock before entering."
She stood suddenly, tears welling up in her blue eyes, wheeled and walked out as fast as she'd walked in.
Leaning back in the chair, I laced my fingers behind my head, and closed my eyes. That was certainly no way to treat a lady, especially one so beautiful as her. She stood around six feet, blond hair, aqua blue eyes, and those stark features that cause men to do things they never quite fully understand. There was little makeup, maybe a hint of coloring on the high, sharp, cheekbones. A perfume, one I did not recognize, a musk oil of some kind, overwhelmed the small office.
Her clothing was expensive, but not flamboyant and the skirt hugged the finest set of legs I've seen in a long time. There was no jewelry, no wedding band. She couldn't have been over twenty-five, give or take a few years either way. Her blond hair seemed to float around her, and the light growth of hair on her arms made them appear veiled in smoke.
The musk oil continued to slowly envelope me, causing a flood of pleasant memories to come drifting back.
When I opened my eyes, she was standing in front of my desk. The look on her face was one of defeat, and yet of an odd, cynical cunning. 
"I must talk to you. It's extremely important."
Motioning to a chair, I said, "Please have a seat. I'm sorry for the rudeness. It's not a good day for me. Jay Leicester, at your service."
"Lynn Renoir." She extended a hand across the desk. "Dave Billingsly sent me."
She had a firm grip, but her hand was icy cold.
"Billingsly?"
"Yes, he said to tell you he had to leave for Abaco Island and could not take my case. You were the only one he would recommend who could help me."
"Well, that was certainly nice of him." Picking up the phone, I dialed his office number. While the phone rang, I thought about Dave Billingsly. He was a good man. We were close friends, and had worked some dangerous cases together. He ran a private investigation firm and was widely respected throughout the south. He handled business security, polygraphy, high-tech surveillance, missing persons, divorce cases. The firm employed retired cops and senior citizens who wanted to do something worthwhile in their old age. 
While I held a private investigator's license, my business was as a consultant, dealing only with things relating to aviation. Companies would hire me to set up flight departments, determine their aircraft needs, buy the planes, hire the crew and the maintenance personnel, and see that they were trained.  Recovery of stolen airplanes or those finance companies wanted returned due to defaulted loans was a big part of my work. I sometimes helped companies whose pilots were alcoholics or drug abusers get them into rehab before some terrible tragedy occurred. Then there was some work for the government with drug running operations and finding out who the bad guys were, what aircraft and what routes they were using.
Dave's wife, Sally, answered the phone. "Jay, good to hear from you, you old " She let loose a string of four letter words. Sally always talked like a twenty-year Chief Mate on shore leave to people with whom she was close friends. To everyone else, she was Dr. Sally Billingsly, Ph.D., University of Mississippi, class of '59, with the manners of a true Southern Belle.
"Good to hear your educated voice, Sally. Where's Dave?"
"She's there, is she? Thought you'd like that. Wouldn't have sent her, myself, but Dave felt a little charity would be good for his soul."
"Needed to be sure she was on the up and up. Why send her to me? You didn't want Dave to get close to this tall blond?" Lynn Renoir cut her eyes at me with a hard, glaring stare. I dropped my head. "The lady says Dave went to Abaco. What's going on in the islands?"
"Karl Strange called from Marsh Harbor, asked Dave to come down immediately. Seems that Karl's oldest boy, Will, is involved with some Snowpowder being run up from Nassau. The boy bit off something he can't chew."
"That's too bad. Karl's an okay guy. So was little Will the last time I saw him."
"You know what Dave thinks about Karl. He'd do anything for him after the Sand Cay Reef thing. If it had not been for Karl, Dave would be dead."
"I was there, Sally. Remember?"
"Oh, that's right. It seems so long ago. I keep trying to forget. It was a rough one, Jay."
She was right about the Sand Cay Reef thing. It had been bad.
"You know anything about this?" I asked, referring to the lady sitting across from me.
"No. She talked with Dave. We didn't make a file on her. He seemed sure you'd want to work the case. Good luck."
Hanging up the phone, I looked at Lynn Renoir. She stared incredulously, as if for a moment in shock at being in my company.
"Is that what women are to you, Mr. Leicester? Tall blonds, short redheads, skinny brunettes? Are all women stigmatized to you in some way?"
Her controlled anger made me smile. "My apologies. I did not mean to offend you. Now how can I help?"
"It's my sister, I want you to find her. I'm afraid something terrible has happened. She's been gone for three weeks. No one has heard from her, only a card sent to me. She should have been back at her job this past Monday."
"Miss Renoir, there has been some mistake. I'm an aviation consultant. I don't work missing person's cases."
Lynn Renoir ignored my statement.
"My sister teaches at a private academy down in Wiggins. When she didn't show up for work, her school principal called to see if I knew her whereabouts. When she would not answer her phone, he had the police check her apartment. It had been broken into and ransacked. I went down Tuesday and looked through it. As far as I could tell, nothing was missing except for her luggage and a few personal items."
"Miss Renoir ."
"I guess she's only been missing a week, really. She was taking a two-week vacation, a cruise through the islands. She mailed me a card from Miami just before she boarded the ship. I called the Cruise Ship Company. They said she didn't reboard after a stop in Nassau. No one has heard from her since."
For some reason Dave thought I'd be interested in the case, and I guess I owed him one, so I made a decision. "What was the name of the ship?"
"The Stede Bonnet. Out of Miami."
"Miss Renoir, why don't you let the police continue to look for your sister? They do a good job with this sort of thing. They have the manpower and good communications with other agencies. Why would you need a private investigator? The police can do anything I can and they do it for free."
Her blue eyes went slowly from stillness to a strange expression of knowing that reflected much more than they said. "Because the police can't work in the Bahamas. They call over to Nassau and say there's this missing girl, and ask the 'Lyndon Pindling Gestapo' to do something. If you don't send ten thousand in cash along with the request, nothing gets done. That's why I need you. Money is no object. I mean I have a little saved. I can borrow if it's necessary. I have a good job, in a bank, here in Jackson. I've worked there a long time. I can get your money."
She knew a lot more about Bahamian politics than she should. It made me wonder.
"I get eight hundred a day, plus expenses, and I'll need a twenty-five hundred dollar advance. We'll give it a week, if nothing shows up in that time, we'll call it quits. Agreed?"
She nodded. Her smile was one of secret amusement, and an infinite bitterness. "Agreed."
"Good. I'll need her name, a recent photo, and the card she wrote. How can I get in touch with you? If the need arises, I want to be able to contact you any time of the day or night."
"I'll be staying at the Paradise Island Inn on Nassau," she said, matter-of-fact, throwing her blond hair to one side with the flick of her head. "I don't know the room number, but I'll let you know after I check in."
"You're not going to be anywhere near the Bahamas. You are going to be at your job in the bank if you want me to find your sister."
"Please, I just "
"No. That's the way it is."
A jerky smile broke in the corner of her mouth; her face held a sadness and a grave look of acceptance. "You will notify me immediately if you find out anything?"
Handing her my standard form, I said, "You'll need to sign this contract."
She did so and wrote me a check without hesitation.

***

Lynn Renoir left, saying she would return sometime after lunch with the card and a photograph of her sister whose name was Rene. Lynn said Rene was two years younger, and that they looked a lot alike, enough so to be mistaken for twins. If that were true, I would not mind finding her.
The way I figured it, Rene, a young innocent type, met someone on board the ship or in Nassau and decided to string out her vacation without telling big sister. Maybe a rich man with a yacht or airplane invites the young girl for a week of fun in the sun and doing things she would never be able to afford. The week turns into two, and such a good time is being had, the pretty girl forgets the real world. By this time some sleaze ball private investigator has spent several thousand dollars of family money locating her. If he's really a crook, he'll find her in a couple of days and then milk it for all that he can. It's sad, but true more times than not.
There were office chores that needed clearing up before devoting full time to finding Rene Renoir. What a day for a hangover. Rubbing my temples gently with my fingers, I thought, you'll never learn, Leicester. Forty-four years old and still think you have a teenager's liver.
There was a lame effort to stay in shape. At six foot two, two hundred and forty pounds, I could still go three rounds at the local gym. Eddy Brown, a friend and retired professional fighter who had once fought for the middleweight title, trained me three times a week when I wasn't working a case. His workouts were punishing, but he never truly hurt me. He wanted the lessons to be remembered, and they were. The effort had saved my life on more than one occasion, so I did not mind the punishment. At times the pain would start to feel good. I mentioned this to Eddy. He looked at me in a strange way and said, "Yeah, man yeah. It feels good." He turned and walked away. I never brought it up again.

***

Lynn Renoir returned to my office at three o'clock with the photo and card she had received from Rene. It was postmarked in Miami on the day she boarded the Stede Bonnet. In the photo, Rene actually looked older than Lynn, with a slightly protruding, hooked nose, not ugly, but enough so one would notice; a plastic surgeon's delight. Except for this small difference, the two could pass for twins. Beautiful twins.
"What about your parents?"
"Our mother and father were killed in an airplane crash out at Chandeleur Island when I was fifteen." She made a tightening, sideways movement in the chair as if in some form of pain.
"Chandeleur Island, Renoir, Beech King Air, 1980. I recall the accident. Gene Arnold was the pilot."
"Yes," Lynn said, with a surprised half-smile. "That was our pilot's name. Did you know him?"
"Gene was a good friend. We flew together for a couple of years."
"You're a pilot?" She leaned back loosely, in a manner of polite relaxation.
"Well, let's say I used to be. Now I'm an aviation consultant, however my Airline Transport license is current in case it's needed. Now, my e-mail and telephone number with voice mail is on your copy of the form you signed this morning if you need to contact me. I will be in touch with you daily to keep you informed with any progress. Don't worry, Lynn, I'm sure Rene is soaking up the sun and enjoying life and not thinking about calling big sister."
She stood, shook my hand, and spoke in a low, flat voice, looking down at a spot on the carpet. "Thank you, Mr. Leicester. I'll be waiting to hear from you."
After seeing her to the door, I thought about the airplane crash that killed her parents. It brought back a lot of memories, especially thinking about Gene Arnold again. He was a good pilot. I was also reminded of a twenty-five year career in Aviation. A career I put behind me for many reasons, not the least of which was government bureaucracy and deregulation that caused overcrowding, over booking, and near chaos on every route. Things change, and I hated it.
The week after the Renoir's crash I flew to Gulfport and looked at the wreckage. The NTSB had reassembled most of it in a hangar at the airport. Both the wings and the tail had broken off, but the fuselage remained intact. Gene and the Renoir's died, not from impact, but from drowning. An investigator at the scene said that Gene was still strapped in his seat. The only injuries to him were a broken leg and slight burns on his face and hands. The Renoir's were not wearing seatbelts and, although they were beat up from flying around in the cabin, neither had fatal injuries. This fact says a lot for the integrity of Beech airplanes.
In my mind, there was something the investigation team overlooked. The final report of the cause of the accident said pilot error, flying too low, making a steep turn and impacting the water. This was not the Gene Arnold that I knew and flew with.
Whatever the reason for the crash, it left the two daughters with a billion-dollar oil empire. An article in the paper stated that the interest alone on the inheritance, if turned into cash, would be over two hundred thousand dollars a day. At the time, I thought that these two young girls would never amount to much with such wealth, but both seemed to have turned out fairly well; one teaching school at a private academy, the other working in a bank. However, if they were this rich it would be a strong motive for kidnapping.
Lynn had a tense, cautious quality in the attentive way she watched me. Yet she seemed bright and genuinely concerned about her sister, though enigmatic. Where is the inherited fortune today, and why had she failed to mention such an important fact, I wondered out loud? It was the first thing I was going to find out.

CHAPTER TWO


Max Renoir made his fortune in the oil rich marshlands along the coastal waters of the Gulf of Mexico. The family home was in Gulfport, Mississippi. After the deaths of Max and his wife, the estate had to have been handled by an executor, as the girls were too young. Guy Robins, a close friend and attorney in Gulfport may be of some help in finding out that information for me. Guy's secretary put me through to him immediately. He knew nothing about the Renoir estate, but promised to check around and let me know tomorrow.
The Principal of the private academy in Wiggins, where Rene taught, agreed to allow me access to their personnel file on her. He had no problem with me talking to the staff if Lynn called and gave the necessary permission.
At seven o'clock the next morning, I was in the office clearing my desk. Guy called at nine a.m. The Renoir estate was currently being handled through Joe Glossman's bank in Ocean Springs, specifically by their attorney, Bill Moran. 
Glossman and Moran were quite a team. Glossman owned most of Biloxi and Ocean Springs. He was into banking, oil and gas, trucking, and the fishing industry, owning a fleet of shrimp boats. The bank financed a great part of the shrimping fleet along the gulf coast.
Glossman started with nothing and built a vast empire on his own. He sent Bill Moran to college and law school, then hired him upon graduation. Moran became a loyal friend and was now CEO of the company.
Picking up the phone, I called Glossman's office and asked for Bill Moran. His secretary said he'd already left for the day, a court appearance in New Orleans. I asked if Glossman was there. She transferred me to his office.
"Mr. Glossman is in a meeting. May I have him return your call?"
When I told her my name, she said, "Ah, Mr. Leicester. Wait just a moment."
Joe Glossman came on the line. "Jay, how in the world are you, my boy? It's been a long time, two or three years. What can I do for you?"
"Hello, Mr. Glossman. Guy Robins told me you handled Max Renoir's estate. I'm working on a case involving the two daughters and I need all the background on them, including their financial status."
Glossman was silent for a moment. "Jay, that's about the only thing on God's green earth I can't talk about. It's complicated and has to do with a lot of legalese. I'm sorry."
"One of the girls is missing. I need all the help you can give me."
"Missing? Which one?"
"Rene, the younger one. Teaches school in Wiggins."
"Yes, yes, I know." He paused. "Bill is in court today. Be in my office at ten o'clock in the morning. I look forward to seeing you, Jay."
Joe Glossman and I went back a long way. I taught him to fly years ago. He decided to buy a company aircraft and wanted to learn to fly in order to better understand aviation and airplanes. It was smart business. He went on to set up an aviation department in his company, hiring me as a consultant to procure the aircraft, hire the flight crew and maintenance personnel, and see that they were trained. One of those pilots is now a vice-president in charge of all transportation for the company that includes a fleet of seven jets, twenty-one pilots, and eight mechanics. He makes more money in a day than I do in a month.
It would be good to see Glossman again. He is a good man, well respected by all who know him. Many a fisherman on the coast owed their livelihood to Glossman. Without his help, they would not have made it.

***

Lynn Renoir was not at the bank when I called. There was no answer at her home. If she went to Nassau, I'm off the case. As I hung up the phone, she walked through the door of my office.
"I came by to see if you'd have lunch with me. There are some things I want to tell you about Rene. You didn't call last night, like you promised." Her face had an accusing smirk, but enough of a smile to let me know she wasn't mad.
"Your billing will start today."
Over lunch, she described Rene. Two years younger than Lynn, they had not gotten along all that well as young girls, at least up until about a year ago. Rene began to make an effort to develop a close friendship with her. Lynn said it had been a wonderful experience, for the first time in ten years they acted and felt like sisters.
When asked why two siblings who lost their parents so young wouldn't be close, Lynn became vague. She said it was too personal to talk about and, in any case, was a long time ago.
After lunch, we went back to my office that is located in a one-story row-shopping complex. It was a small office, but it was in a good part of town and the rent was free.
The owner of the complex allowed me the space in payment for some extremely embarrassing work that I had done for him and keeping it out of the local papers and away from the police. It involved a very married lady and a big, mean, jealous, ugly-tempered husband. The man was grateful.
Lynn called the Principal of the school in Wiggins from my phone. He agreed to help any way that he could.
Typing up a letter giving me permission to see the personnel file on Rene, I had Lynn sign the document. It's always nice to have things in writing.
There was no reason to mention that I talked to Glossman or the fact that a meeting was scheduled with him in the morning.
"Let me go to Wiggins with you. It might help with both the Principal and the school staff." Her sea-blue eyes and upturned nose formed a look of alertness, of eager interest. A look that expected affirmation.
Shaking my head from side to side, I said nothing.
Her face paled white, so that even her lips became a sculptured feature against her skin, but she showed no anger. 
"I'm flying down tomorrow morning, and don't have room in the plane, it's a single seat, open-cockpit, noisy little bird."
"How convenient." Her mouth formed a tight little crescent, the petulant mouth of a child. The expression was unflattering on an adult woman. She got up and left without saying goodbye.
This lady had a temper.
There were several concerns about Lynn Renoir for which I needed answers. How did she know so much about the Bahamian police and how they worked? Why did she react so violently to the remark about tall blondes? Why was she working in a bank when she obviously could own it? Why was she so insistent on working with me? Why didn't she ever knock before she came into my office? Then there was still the omission of the inherited fortune.

***

Picking up the phone, I called the Miami police department. An assistant Chief in charge of the Cuban sector is an old friend. Steve Henderson was a Navy pilot at the outbreak of the Vietnam War, but he kept sliding off carrier decks in expensive jet fighters until they made a civilian out of him. We met while we both were flying for the same airline, before Steve decided to go into law enforcement. 
The desk sergeant said Steve was on vacation. He was due to call in this afternoon, and he promised to give him my message.
Calling the airport north of town where I kept my little airplane, I asked the line personnel to check the fuel and oil and to put me up front in the hangar as my planned departure was early in the morning before the Fixed Base Operation opened for business. No one would be there to help me move aircraft around. They promised I would be the first out.
There was nothing else I could do on the Renoir case until meeting with Glossman. My plan was to stop in Wiggins on the way back to Jackson.
Outside the office, rain began to fall mixed with sleet. The clouds were low and scudding along the treetops. Dialing the local Flight Service Station brought a forecast of frontal passage by midnight with clear skies and a strong north wind by six a.m. It would be a swift trip to Ocean Springs, but I'd pay the price returning home. One can't have everything.
The phone rang as I started out the door. 
"Hello, flyboy. What's going on?"
"Steve. How you doing?"
After our usual ritual, I explained the situation. He promised to make some inquiries and be in touch tomorrow night.
Steve was good at his job. He would stick his neck out for you if he liked you, but it did not pay to be on his wrong side in Dade County, Florida. Not your standard five-foot nine, one hundred and sixty pound fighter pilot, he was six foot one with broad shoulders and possessed the strength of a grizzly bear. Even the Cubans feared Steve Henderson. 
The Cuban Mafia was powerful in the Miami area, much more than people realized. Steve said they were using the millions made in the Snowpowder business to expand into legal enterprises. Organized crime had been doing this for thirty years, but the Cubans were making money so fast that they were able to do in ten years what it took other crime families decades to achieve. This made the northern factions quite angry. A lot of blood was being spilled in the streets of Miami. Steve Henderson was acquainted with every drop of it.
Turning off the lights, I locked the door on my way out. At home, I poured a snifter of Martel Cognac and cut the end off one of my favorite Ernesto P. Carrilos, handmade, long filler, fifty-four ring, Charlemagne cigars. They are made in Miami on Calle Ocho by Old World Tabaqueros. A beautiful cigar touches all my senses. Cigars are simple yet complex. A good cigar can be differentiated from a bad one by observing the leaf, the color of the ash and the burn rate, and by tasting the smoke for complexity and richness. By doing these things, you will understand the quality of your cigar. You exhale and let the smoke out, and there is great peace in the silence. The cognac and cigar are a combination that helps me think a case through. This was one of those times when I needed to do a lot of thinking.

CHAPTER THREE

Arriving at the airport at six a.m., I found the sky as predicted, a Gulf Stream blue, the air cold and crisp. The line crew left my airplane up front in the hangar as requested.
With today's technology in aviation, nearly all aircraft are capable of climbing above most weather, but small airplanes like mine rarely go higher than ten thousand feet. Flying days like these are to be cherished.
The wind was blowing at twenty-five knots. Taking off to the south on runway 17, I experienced a rough ride up to five thousand feet. After that the air smoothed out and visibility was unrestricted. Leveling at eight thousand five hundred feet, the coastline at Gulfport, the skyline of New Orleans off to the southwest, and Mobile Bay to the southeast was visible. Below, the stark brown of winter fields contrasted with the green of the pine forests. The land seemed to breathe in the early morning sun. Today was a halcyon day for a pilot.
It had been a long time since I'd seen Guy Robins, so I decided to land in Gulfport, visit with him, then drive over to Ocean Springs for the meeting with Glossman.
Guy came out to the airport and we had a short, pleasant visit. He had clients all day, but graciously offered the use of his automobile.
"Please take care of it, Jay. It's brand new." It was a silver Jaguar, the first he'd been able to afford. 
Guy and I had known each other all of our lives. We went to the same college, played football together, even dated the same girl. She showed her intelligence by marrying Guy. They have three beautiful children. I'm their Godfather.
Guy built a thriving law practice in Gulfport. He managed to stay away from large law firms who handled people and types of law he did not care for, and there were lean years, but slowly the business grew as people learned of his unyielding veracity, integrity, and rectitude.
When I went into the aviation consulting business, Guy sent me a lot of work, and it was he who recommended I get licensed as a private investigator, advising that the license would facilitate access to places I would otherwise be denied. He was right, and informed other attorneys on the coast about me and, as my office was in the state capital, I got a lot of legwork from that area of the state. During lean times, this paid the bills.
The drive over to Ocean Springs along the coast took me past white sand shorelines that, though not natural, were still amazingly beautiful. A string of barrier islands six miles offshore prevents the natural buildup of sand; it is dredged up from the seabed and spread by machine to make the beach. Old majestic water oaks line the once quiet waterfront highway on what used to be a pleasant, peaceful drive. Today it is a nightmare of heavy traffic leading to and from the many gambling casinos being built along the ocean side of the highway. It reminded one of the Las Vegas strip. Dockside gambling arrived with a thunder. It's been good for the economy, but the idyllic life has changed.
Passing by the Biloxi lighthouse, I remembered the artist-in-residence on the Mississippi coast, Joe Moran, a distant cousin of Bill Moran, whose studio and home is just off the beach, telling me of finding seaweed on top of the lighthouse after hurricane Camille in 1969. The lighthouse is forty feet tall.
Crossing the bridge to Ocean Springs, I could see the family compound of Walter Anderson, the tormented genius who painted life along this coast so brilliantly. His wife, Agnes Grinstead Anderson, died recently. A fine lady whose book, APPROACHING THE MAGIC HOUR, is a magnificent, heartrending memoir of her husband.
The morning breeze ruffled the water of Biloxi Bay causing the reflecting sun to turn the wave tops into a blue field of sparkling diamonds. There are some things even man cannot screw up. 
Walking into Joe Glossman's office at precisely ten o'clock, his secretary politely offered me a seat. Mr. Glossman would be with me in a few minutes. The gray walls of the office had time to work me over, leaving me with a feeling of inadequacy in the presence of such wealth and power.
Glossman and Bill Moran were seated in the plain, functional inner office when I walked in and, much to my chagrin, so was Lynn Renoir. She didn't smile, her face appeared inanimate, but the eyes had a brilliant clarity. Interesting, I thought to myself, she doesn't listen. When this meeting is over, someone else can locate her sister.
My thoughts must have showed. 
Glossman spoke, "Now take it easy, Jay. Don't blame Lynn. She told me that you didn't want her involved. I called her last night and asked that she be here today. I sent one of the planes up to get her this morning."
Nodding, I didn't say anything. Looking around at Glossman's office, I noticed that it contained nothing but a few pieces of furniture, all harshly simplified down to their essential purpose, though exorbitantly expensive in the quality of material and skill of design. On one corner of a desk was a piece of George Orr pottery. Behind Glossman's head was an oil painting of a Biloxi Schooner under full sail heading into a setting sun. It was a Joe Moran work.
"There are some touchy things here, Jay." Glossman continued. "Lynn should be present when they are discussed. Max Renoir set up this estate, and one of the stipulations was that it not be communicated with anyone outside the family, except for myself and Bill."
"I'm listening, Mr. Glossman."
"Max was worth a lot of money. He thought carefully about what was to be done with it in the unlikely event of the death of both he and his wife. Since Lynn was the oldest of the two girls, and the fact that Rene had a problem of a nature that will not be discussed, Max left control of everything to Lynn. The Will further states that Bill and I are to control the business and its assets as if they were ours, unconditionally, until Lynn reached her twenty-sixth birthday. At that time, control would go entirely to her. There are complex instructions as to how Rene is to be merged into the company, provided she meets certain conditions.
Lynn crossed her legs with a swishing of nylon, put both hands in her lap. We all turned and looked at her. She smiled.
Glossman said, "Both Lynn and Rene were informed of certain parts of the Will when each reached the age of twenty-one. That's why Lynn has been working in the bank in Jackson. She's been handling the accounts of her family business. We thought it the best method of letting her see how we were running the company."
Turning to her, I said, "You could have told me this yesterday."
Glossman held up a hand. "Lynn was supposed to take over the operation of the company this week. Rene was required to be present at the changeover. There were a lot of paperwork and court proceedings to be handled. Bill was in New Orleans yesterday working on some of this. The disappearance of Rene has stopped us from going forward. We will continue to run the company until she is found. We've had an injunction issued by a judge to allow this."
Now I understood why Lynn wanted her sister found. Huge amounts of money were involved. But why didn't she call Glossman to start with?
"When we finish here, Bill will show you what has happened with the company in the ensuing years. I think you will be surprised. For now, I want you to consider yourself working for Glossman Enterprises, for me personally. We want you to put maximum effort into finding Rene, dead or alive."
Lynn let out a sob.
"I'm sorry, Lynn. That was insensitive. Forgive me."
"You thinking kidnapping?"
"If so, there's been no demand," Joe said, with sadness. "Information leaks out." 
Bill Moran shifted position in his chair, an uncomfortable look on his face.
"Yes, always does."
"If you need anything, get in touch with Bill. We want you to keep it quiet, but work as fast as you can. Report directly to Bill or me. He has the rest of the information in his office. He'll fill you in."
We all stood. This meeting was over.
After Bill and Lynn walked out of the office, Glossman put a hand on my shoulder, stopping me. 
"It's good to see you again, Jay. If you're as good an investigator as you are an airplane pilot, I'm satisfied we've got the best man for the job."
"Thanks for the compliment, Mr. Glossman." I looked him directly in the eyes. "I'll find Rene, but you've got to promise me none of your people will be looking for her at the same time, and that Lynn stays out of it. I can't babysit her and do my job, too."
"It's your ballgame, Jay. Run with it. Oh, and I know what you are thinking, why didn't she call me first when she realized Rene was missing? I've already chastised her about that. She said she merely did not think it through, acted on her own. That's the way she is, Jay. Strong headed and strong willed. Just like her father."
"Thanks, it makes sense now. By the way, how is old T. Windom? He still trying to keep together that fleet of French-built, loosely flying collection of nuts and bolts that you insist on calling aircraft?"
Glossman laughed. He knew I was kidding. He owned some of the finest built corporate jets in the world.
"Windom's doing fine. You should call him, might have an opening. We always need good pilots."
"Thanks, I may contact him while I'm on the coast." We shook hands.
When I entered Moran's office, he was leaning back in his chair, hands behind his head. Lynn was seated across from him in a relaxed pose, a blank expression on her face.
Bill was a slim man, close to forty years old, with a head full of coal-black hair and intelligent, dark eyes to match. The sharp, athletic features of his face showed smooth, bronze skin, a color derived from his 'old Biloxi' heritage. It's a mixture of Indian, French, and Spanish. At a little over six feet, his thin physique betrayed the deadly power he possessed. A legend around the waterfront, he was not a man to be trifled with, mentally or physically.
"Jay, what I'm going to show you must be kept in the strictest of confidence." He slid a sheet of paper across the desk toward me. "Sign this document that states you will never divulge the contents of the Renoir Will or the financial status of the estate. It's legal and binding."
"Sure. But the company is open to public scrutiny. Why swear me to secrecy?"
"It's not the company we are concerned with, it's the content of the Will. It is not for public eyes. There are things you will not be allowed to see. Lynn and I will answer those questions that we can after you have perused the material."
Pushing a little, I said, "If I don't see the original documents how can I be sure what's here is the truth? Maybe it's something you concocted?"
"Who the hell do you think you're dealing with?" He exploded furiously, leaping from his chair, muscles in his jaw rippling like waves on an angry sea.
I grinned.
Lynn sat up straight in her chair, a frightened look on her face.
"Ah, Leicester. You had a right." He sat back down, let out a sigh. "I know how long you and Joe have been friends. It was the audacity of the insinuation. I'm sorry."
Bill Moran was a good man, an excellent lawyer. Glossman saw the potential in him as a young lad. He realized Bill was not cut out to lead a life on the ocean as five generations of his family before him. Slowly he worked his way up the ladder and he and Glossman grew close. Glossman had no children and he began to think of Bill as a son. In fact he arranged his affairs such that when he died Bill would take over the company.
The next half-hour was spent reading over the parts of the documents excerpted from Max Renoir's Will. There were the usual business transactions, disbursements to faithful employees, disposal of certain properties, the normal things that occur upon the death of the owner of a company. However, the most interesting and complex part of the Will was the way Renoir set up how he wanted his two daughters to share in the inheritance of the estate.
In essence, Rene was to get nothing, except for a small monthly allowance. If Lynn wanted, she could give Rene a job in the company, but one that would never allow her to advance into management. In other words, she was at the mercy of her sister who was instructed to keep her subservient. 
"This will take some time to absorb."
"That's your copy. Don't lose it."
We were through. Lynn, who had said nothing during this exchange, stood, smoothed her skirt, and announced she was having lunch with Glossman.

***

No one at Glossman Enterprises invited me for lunch. Fisherman's Wharf beckoned with a bowl of the best gumbo this side of the French Quarter. The ten-minute drive from Ocean Springs to the restaurant gave me time to reflect on some of the information in the report. The big question was what could a fourteen-year-old child have done to cause her father to treat her with such severity in his Will? This was important, and it was not going to come from Glossman or Moran. Maybe Lynn? If only I could convince her it may help in finding her sister. Thinking for a moment, I came up with a plan. By leaving my airplane in Gulfport and riding back to Jackson aboard Glossman's jet, I could talk to Lynn, try and explain how important it was to know why Rene's fall from grace with her father was so necessary for me to know. I would call T. Windom, Glossman's Vice-president of Transportation, as soon as I got back to the airport, see if he'd allow a hitchhiker. 
Crossing an unguarded train track a few blocks from Glossman's office, I was deep in thought. A fast moving freight train missed me by millimeters. If Guy had not washed his new Jaguar that morning, the train would have hit me. It scared me so that I lost my appetite. Shaking, I drove slowly to his office.
Guy dropped me off at the airport where I called Windom. 
"Greetings, Jay. Mr. Glossman said you'd probably call. Come on by and we'll kick over old times."
"Nothing would give me greater pleasure, but not now. I need a favor, though."
"Sure. Anything."
"One of your aircraft is scheduled to return the Renoir woman to Jackson this afternoon. I'd like a seat on that plane."
"Not a problem. In fact, I'm giving one of our pilots a checkride on the deadhead leg back to our airport. You remember B.W.? He flew a Lear 24 for our competition. You gave him a recommendation when we hired him."
"Great. Can you pick me up in Gulfport at McDonald Aviation?" 
"No problem. It will give us an additional approach. B.W.'s upgrading to Captain on the Falcon Fifty. He needs the work. We'll land there around two fifteen."
"Thanks. I owe you one."
Glossman built his own airport in Ocean Springs. It had more landing aids than O'Hare International. It was an imposition for them to land in Gulfport to pick me up. I appreciated it.
Calling the private school in Wiggins, I told the principal it would be a couple of days before I could get down. He inquired about Rene. There was nothing to give him.
Glossman's airplane taxied up to the FBO at exactly two fifteen. My old friend, B.W. was in the left seat. He motioned that they would leave the engines running. Windom opened the cabin door and I jumped aboard. Lynn glared at me, but said nothing. Easing up to the cockpit, I shook hands with both men.
"Jay, it's good to see you. How long has it been? Four years? Listen did I ever thank you for the recommendation that got me this job?"
"You don't have to thank me, B.W., but don't screw this flight up or I'll cut you out of my Will."
As we started to taxi to the runway, I went back and sat down in one of the club seats in front of Lynn. "My plane broke down. The crew was nice enough to give me a ride home. You mind the company?"
Her face with the sharp planes, aqua-blue eyes, and long, blond hair held the firmness of glacier ice. "You are a liar, Mr. Leicester. You arranged this so you could try and find out what my sister did that was so bad as to have her father cut her out of a share of the estate." 
So much for my brand of deception. Lynn was an intelligent young woman.
"You are withholding vital information. It could be dangerous."
She looked blankly out the window at the scattered clouds passing swiftly under the aircraft. Slowly she turned and looked at me. Her face wore a drained expression, no amusement, no antagonism, and a look of resignation. "You remember Mr. Glossman saying you would not be allowed access to some information. Well, you won't, Mr. Leicester. I only learned the details on my twenty-first birthday. I was put to work in the bank to administer my father's business accounts. They wanted me to learn how the company was being run. I've been groomed to take it over for six years. Mr. Glossman and Mr. Moran taught me everything. I'm ready for the challenge. Rene's disappearance simply delays it. But what's most important is that my sister be found alive and unhurt. I'm sorry that I cannot tell you what you want to know. You'll have to work without it."
Without saying a word, I went back to the cockpit. "We can land anytime, guys."
Windom grinned. "Losing your touch, old boy?"
Ignoring the comment, I asked B.W. where we were. 
"White Pigeon," he replied without cracking a smile.
Laughing out loud, I went and sat back down. It was an old joke.
After landing in Jackson, I walked Lynn to her car in the parking lot of the Fixed Base Operation. "Glossman wants me to report directly to him, but I'll call you every day, like we agreed, if you want?"
She stopped for a moment, looked at the pavement. "I'd appreciate it, Jay can I call you Jay?"
"Sure."
"I care for Rene. Please find her. Don't let any harm come to her, and tell her that I love her dearly."
There was genuine concern in her voice.
Back inside the FBO, I checked with Delta Airlines. They had a flight leaving for Miami in an hour. I booked a first class seat. After calling Steve Henderson and telling him I was headed his way, I went to the airport bar and ordered a snifter of Martel cognac. It was time for some serious thinking.

CHAPTER FOUR


After a two-hour layover in Atlanta, I finally boarded a Delta Airline Boeing 767 bound for Miami. While sitting in the mostly deserted terminal waiting for my connection, I used the time to read the report Moran had prepared on Max Renoir's estate. It was a vast holding.
Renoir was a self-made man. Educated as a geologist, he saw a great potential for oil and gas in the swamps of coastal Louisiana and Mississippi. He bought up as much of the marshland as he could. Soon he had a producing oil well. This enabled him to buy more land. Eventually there was an oil well and a gas well on every forty acres of the thousands that he owned. It started to make him a lot of money. By the time he died, he had diversified into many other businesses. 
Being a man of vision, Renoir saw in Joe Glossman a friend who would see to the welfare of his family and business in the event that something happened to him. He'd been right. Glossman took over the management of Max's holdings as if they were his own. He made it into a multi-billion dollar empire, and also carried out his last Will and Testament to the letter of the law. Except for normal operating expenses, Glossman had not kept one red cent for his effort. There had been many opportunities for him to do so. 
Glossman took it upon himself to teach Lynn the entire operation of the company so that when she reached the age stipulated in the Will she could step in and take over without any delay and with full knowledge of how to run the business.
The world needs more people like Joe Glossman.
Boarding the Miami flight, I found only one other person sitting in first class. It was dark and quiet and gave me time to reflect back over the last twenty-four hours. At least this was turning into an interesting case. Missing persons rarely are anything other than drudgery and boredom, certainly not what I'm used to dealing with as an aviation consultant.
Rene Renoir was a week overdue from her two-week vacation. There was some horrible thing she did while still a teenager that caused her father to virtually cut her out of the family fortune. But what? Did she deserve to be punished for the rest of her life? There were many interesting questions and most of them could be answered by finding Rene.
It was a clear night. The Kennedy launch facility was visible out my window on the left side of the cabin. I couldn't help but think about the horrible loss of the shuttle a few years ago, and the seven-crew members. All because an 'O' ring wasn't tested for operation in freezing temperatures. It was a terrible waste of human life.
As we started our descent into Miami, I could see the outline of the coast from Ft. Lauderdale to the Keys. Henderson was going to meet me at the airport. It would be good to see him again.
Deplaning, I spotted him up the corridor leaning against the wall, his arms crossed, and grinning from ear to ear. He looked as big as a bear.
"Jay, how you doing, Amigo? Welcome to Miami, home of the free, the brave, and the Cubano."
"Hello, Steve. Good to see you."
He locked me in a hug that squeezed the breath from my lungs and made my ribs ache. He was a powerful man, and looked the part. Broad shouldered and muscled arms with a slim waist leading to thighs the size of a running back. He weight trained every day. We were the same age, but he looked younger because he kept in better shape. His hair was still slick black with no gray, and the eyebrows were thick and bushy. The brown eyes could look at you and seem to stop a foot short, or pierce into the backside of your soul and frighten you to your knees, or look through you as if you didn't exist. One could rest assured, though, that those eyes did not miss a thing. 
Steve Henderson was one of the most intelligent men I've ever known. Well-schooled, well read, and street-smart, he was a man to have on your team, regardless of what game you were playing.
He stepped back, cracked a one-sided grin, "I got your girl."
Stopping in mid-stride, I said, "You found the girl? Rene Renoir?"
"You asked me to find her, didn't you? You want to see her?" His face formed finely drawn lines that raised the corners of his mouth into a hint of a wise, sardonic grin.
"She's alive?"
"She's beat up pretty bad, but she's alive. You're not going to get much out of her. She doesn't know who she is, where she is, or how she got there."
"But how?"
"We got an anonymous phone call saying she was being put aboard a Chalk Airline flight from Bimini. We met the plane. She had a purse with I.D. and three thousand in cash. She was transferred to Miami General. I'll take you there."
"That's all you got? Someone put a beat up woman on board an airplane then called the Miami Police Department? Why would Chalk Airlines haul a passenger in that kind of shape?"
"Wake up, Leicester. You know they will haul anyone or anything for the price of a ticket. Times have changed since the old man died. The 'Wise Guys' own it now. They're putting money into it. Given time it will be a first rate operation, but for now it's business as usual."
"I still don't understand "
"Look, I'm not going to do all your work for you. I found your girl. What else you want? Christ, you could at least say thank you."
"Thank you. Now let's get to the hospital."
As we drove through the dark streets of Miami, I asked Steve about the Cuban situation.
"It's a powder keg. With the Soviet Union gone, Castro's already suffering economy is in dire straits. It can't survive. We've got factions throughout the Miami area already in training, planning well-orchestrated moves at the first sign of civil uprising in Cuba."
"Our government has a lot of bleeding hearts. If they open up the embargo, Castro wins."
"That, my friend, will never happen."
"Well, you know my position."
We pulled up and parked in front of the emergency room door. Steve flashed his gold shield, waving away the uniformed guard starting toward us.
Rene had been moved from the emergency room to ICU. When we finally found the attending physician, he informed us that, though she'd been raped and severely beaten, there didn't appear to be any life threatening injuries. What concerned him was the amount of drugs in her system. The drug scans were not back from the lab, but from his experience she'd been given powerful sedatives and hallucinogens. They were playing havoc with her ability to breathe and to think. He was worried.
"Can we talk to her?"
"No. She's not coherent. Why don't you come back tomorrow? There are several things I want to try in order to counteract the effects of the drugs. I'll know much better how to deal with this as soon as the report gets back from the lab."
"Take us to where we can see her. We want to be sure it's our missing girl."
We followed the young doctor to the brightly-lit ICU. IV lines, breathing tubes, monitors, and God knows what else were attached to every part of her small body. Even with the swollen face and the bruises there was no doubt that we were looking at Rene Renoir. Her nose appeared to have been broken and there were fresh stitches along the hairline. She looked so vulnerable and so innocent.
With nothing else to do at the hospital, I asked Steve to take me to Chalk Airlines. Maybe the pilots could tell us something that would help in finding out what happened to Rene. Surely someone had to assist her on board the plane in Bimini.
"They are closed. VFR, daylight only operations. Remember?"
The clock above the nurse's station read nine-thirty. 
"Come on, we'll stop by Forge's. I'll buy you a bottle of good wine and feed you some fresh seafood."
There was no argument from me. It had been awhile since I'd eaten. Forge's is one of my favorite places for gourmet dining in the Miami area. It's their wine cellar that intrigues me, a two hundred and fifty thousand-bottle cellar dating back to the turn of the century and the New York mobster who opened the place. The legendary bronze door to the wine vault and the life-size, partially nude female statue at the entrance makes the visit worthwhile. It's a popular place and three-hour waits are not uncommon, even with reservations. Steve was given a table immediately to the chagrin of some long waiting diners. 
The meal was superb, as was the wine. A plate of Stilton cheese and a bottle of 'sixty-three Dow Oporto was overkill, but worth it.
Glossman needed to be told about Rene, but it could wait until morning. Maybe her condition would be improved. The attending physician was worried about her, and this was a man used to dealing with drug addicts and over dosed patients.
Steve arranged a room for me at the Fountainebleau Hilton, out on Miami Beach. They worked a deal with the police department and let them have 'comp' rooms whenever they needed them.
He gave me a telephone number where I could reach him in the morning. A good night's rest was in order.
After a quick shower, I called room service for a double cognac. Opening the sliding glass doors, I stepped out on the balcony. A cool wind was blowing and the fresh air filled my lungs. Returning inside, I rummaged through my ditty bag retrieved from my airplane before departing Gulfport. I keep one on board packed with a few essentials for contingencies such as this. Opening a small wooden box, I took out one of my Miami made El Creditos cigars, picked up a pack of matches from the table and lit it. The cover of the matchbox read, "Fly Eastern." They'd been out of business for years.
A full moon was rising out of the Atlantic, hidden at times between giant battlements of cumulonimbus clouds boiling out over the Bahamas. Jupiter sparkled like the Hope Diamond in the southeast. A sea breeze wafted gently ashore, bringing a salty, wonderful smell to the night air. Down below, people walked along the boardwalk. Out on the Gulf Stream, almost out of sight on the horizon, the ever-present parade of freighters sailed both north and south. Just off to my right, a steady stream of passenger liners glided slowly out of the Miami ship channel. They appeared to be floating hotels.
It was a beautiful night. The cognac acted like a sleeping pill. I fought it for a while, but the alcohol won. Leaving the Charlemagne cigar to die an honorable death in the ashtray, I went inside to bed. By the time my head hit the pillow, I was fast asleep.

CHAPTER FIVE

The phone rang and kept on ringing, sounding like a worn out Chrysler automobile on a cold day. Picking up the black receiver, I growled, "What is it?"
"Rise and shine, ole son. I've got some bad news for you. The girl died about half an hour ago. They just called me from the hospital. I'll pick you up in an hour."
Scratching the stubble on my chin, and trying to wake up, I asked, "What do you mean, she died? She was banged around a little. How could she be dead?"
"Now you have a reason to talk with the doctor. Meet me out front, we'll get some breakfast, then go find out what happened."
The clock on the nightstand glowed five-thirty a.m. Rubbing my eyes and temples, I sat on the side of the bed, thankful for not calling Lynn or Glossman last night. 
Taking a quick shower, I shaved, dressed, and was standing in front of the hotel when Steve arrived.
We pulled up at the hospital just after seven a.m. The doctor we'd met last night awaited us in his office. He looked the worse for wear.
"You up all night, Doc?" Steve asked.
"It's been a long one, but then they all are. Miss Renoir started to go sour about three a.m. She arrested and we couldn't get her back. I did everything chemically possible. We tried for over an hour. I'm sorry."
"Can you explain what killed her, in layman's terms?"
He nodded, sighed deeply, and clasped both hands as if starting to pray. "I think she had heart failure due to all the physical abuse and the drug infusions she'd been getting. It's not complicated. The human body is resilient, but it has its limitations. She just suffered more than her heart could stand."
"We want an autopsy. Can you arrange it?"
"Sure.You'll need a release from a family member. We'll also need a positive I.D., if you can get it."
We stood, shook hands. "Thanks, Doc. I know you tried as hard as you could."
Steve and I drove to his office where I called Glossman. He would tell Lynn and fly her to Miami this afternoon. He asked that I meet her at the airport, see her through the ordeal. The plane would wait and return her home.
"Not a problem, Mr. Glossman."
"Thanks, Jay. As soon as this is done, send us a bill. Put yourself a bonus on it. I'll okay whatever you send."
"Mr. Glossman, don't you want me to stay here and see if I can find out who did this to Rene? No doubt it was murder. Someone put her on that airplane in Bimini. It's a small island, I'm sure to find out something over there."
"No. We'll handle it from here. You come on home. Bimini is too dangerous a place with all the drug running going on. I'll hire some local people. It'll work out better that way."
Taken aback, my mind was racing. Why didn't Glossman want to find out who killed this young woman? "If you don't keep me on the case, I'll stay and find out on my own. Listen, by the time you bring someone else up to speed whoever did this could be long gone. We've got to act now."
There was a long pause. Then, "You're probably right. Let's see, today's Thursday you have until Monday. Be careful in the islands. Do you need anything?"
"Yes, ten thousand in cash. Send it down with the airplane."
"That much?"
"This is the land of the Snowpowder. Buying information is expensive."
"It will be on the plane. Take care of Lynn, she's been acting strange lately. Viewing the body may be traumatic. Keep in touch."
Musing about Lynn Renoir, I was puzzled. There hadn't been any strange behavior. Sure, some mood swings and a temper, but nothing too far out.

***

Glossman gave me an estimate of three o'clock for arrival of his plane with Lynn on board. In the meantime, I wanted to talk with the pilots for Chalk Airlines. Steve cleared his desk for the day and would tag along with me, said he wanted to keep me out of trouble. That was a lie, he wanted to know what happened to Rene Renoir as much as the rest of us.
"You know I had to call homicide." He seemed to be apologizing. "The hospital would have called them anyway."
"All help is appreciated."
"They will probably want to talk with you and the sister."
"Yeah. Listen, if you wanted to do away with someone, would you torture them, dose them with opiates and hallucinogens, put them on an airplane to the mainland, and then call the Miami Police Department and tell them she's on the way?"
"Finally starting to think, are we? There are a thousand ways to eliminate a person, especially with all the hungry sharks we got running up and down the Gulf Stream. What I think happened is the job was botched or someone chickened out on the kill. This was not a professional hit. You can bet your bottom dollar whoever wanted her dead is unhappy at the moment. Never send an electrician to do a plumber's job."
"Right. Someone is very unhappy."

***

Chalk Airlines is located in a small building on the north side of the Miami ship channel. It's on one of the most valuable pieces of property in south Florida. It is also the oldest continuously operated airline in the United States. Politicians have tried for decades to shut it down so that millions could be made from the real-estate. 
The man who started the operation died in the late seventies. He was over eighty years old and succumbed from injuries sustained in a fall while trimming a tree. His airline has always operated seaplanes with routes to the out islands of the Bahamas. They have never lost an aircraft or a passenger in all their years of operation. So much for the dreaded Bermuda Triangle.
Chalk's station manager informed us that the pilots we were looking for were due to arrive in about twenty minutes. They would have a quick turnaround, but we were welcome to talk with them during that time.
We watched the old Grumman Goose come lumbering in, dodging cargo ships, cruise ships, pleasure craft, and other seaplanes operating in the narrow channel. The Goose landed on the water with a smooth gliding motion. She taxied up to the ramp with one wing drooped low, like a wounded duck. Waddling out of the canal onto the ramp, the plane stopped in front of the operations office. Salt water poured from every wetted surface. 
Steve knew the two pilots. They were more than willing to talk with us, but they didn't know anything other than a Bahamian man helped the woman on board. She seemed unsteady, but walking. As soon as she sat down in the seat, she was fast asleep. The police met the airplane when they landed and she was taken away in an ambulance. They did hear one of the Customs agents in Bimini, who also moonlights as their station manager, say she came off a sportfisherman. It was berthed up at the public dock in front of the Complet Angler hotel.
Asked if on the next trip over would they find out the name of the boat, the Captain replied, "Look, Mr. what was your name?"
"Jay Leicester."
"Mr. Leicester, we can't do that. We fly into an area that is extremely dangerous just from the dope traffickers alone. If we started asking questions that didn't concern us, how long do you think we would last? We've got enough trouble keeping the routes since Bahamian Airlines started operating. I'm sorry." He was not an old man, but he had the weathered look and crow's feet around his dark eyes that said he'd seen his share of tropical sun glaring off of blue oceans, ugly thunder storms, lousy coffee, and low pay to make him a seasoned veteran of the cockpit.
"We understand. Call Steve if you happen to hear anything."
"If it comes our way."

***

On the way downtown Steve said we shouldn't count on getting any information from the flight crew. Even if they knew something, they wouldn't tell us. As we turned off the freeway onto Biscayne Boulevard Steve seemed to be thinking. "I'm sorry about the girl. It's always sad to see one so young die, especially the way that she did. It wasn't an easy trip. I've seen too many people die the hard way. It always makes me sad."
"In this world there are few enough people who care for you. Rene has a loving sister. The gutless ones who did this will be punished or killed. That's a promise."
"I know you're going over. The Snowpowder boys control some of the islands, Pindling and his group control others and, more dangerous than them, is a faction trying to take over the entire chain. Bloody wars are shaping up. The worse thing that ever happened was when the British turned control over to the Bahamians. It has been chaos ever since."
"Thanks. This has to be done, though."
"Yeah, I understand."
Turning off Biscayne Boulevard onto Southwest Seventh Street Steve asked if I wanted lunch. "I know a Cuban restaurant that serves good black bean soup and sourdough."
"Sounds fine."
In a few minutes we were in Little Havana. If you don't speak or read Spanish you have no business in this part of town. We drove all the way out to where Southwest Seventh Street ran at an angle into Southwest Eighth, or Calle Ocho, as the locals know it. It is a wide, tree-lined street kept neat and immaculately clean. We passed quaint shops. There was Casa de Guayabera, where you can buy well-made Cuban style shirts at good prices. Perezosa's bakery, where fresh bread is put out every morning at eight a.m. and sold out by eight-thirty. Then we passed by the El Credito Cigar factory where my friend, Ernesto Perez Carrillo makes the finest cigars in the world from aged leaves of the finest Cuban seed tobacco, and hand-rolled by 'Tabaqueros' (cigar makers) from the old country. I am never without the fifty-four ring, long filler, seven and a half inch Charlamagnes. 
Steve turned off Calle Ocho and drove one block and turned into a parking lot at the rear of a building with a sign that read, Malaga Restaurant. The entrance was a dark lane, shaded by tropical trees that opened up into a bright, colorful garden about twenty feet square. There were beautiful flowers and bushes with birds singing. The walkways were lined with hand-painted tiles, and the buildings were crafted from old, hand-hewed wood. 
Steve was greeted like an old friend by a matre d' who didn't have a hair on his head, not even eyebrows. He was dressed in a red waistcoat, white shirt with a bow tie, black pants and shoes. Leading us into a small, dark, cool dining room, he sat us at a small table over by a brick wall. A bar was at one end of the room and there were old, stained-glass windows at the other. On two walls were huge paintings depicting the Corridor, or bullfight, by an artist I did not recognize. Over the bar hung the head, hoof, and tail of a fighting bull, along with four banderilleros, a muleta, and an acero. Off to the side was a Matador's black hat. I could not remember what it is called. It was the small hat, not the black, flat-topped ones of the Picadors.
On one wall, over by the stained-glass windows, were two bullfight posters. The Matadors listed on the one to the left were Antonio Ordonez, Diego Puerto, and Paco Camino. The other listed Julio Aparicio, Chamaco, and el Viti. Another poster over by the bar listed Gitanillo de Triana, Manolete, and Dominguin.
This was not a Cuban restaurant. Steve had lied. He was getting great delight from watching me. This place was straight from Spain, and not tourist imitation. It turned out the owner and all the staff was from Madrid and Sevilla.
We were served thick, black bean soup with finely chopped onions and hard, crusted bread, along with a tiny spoon of white rice. A strong, dry Ollauri wine, from Rioja, was placed on the table in a carafe. A wine of the people," the waiter said as he poured the glasses. It was wonderful with the meal and had an earthy, powerful nose and enough tannin to cut through the onions.
This was Spain. A place where bullfighters would come when the afternoon's corridor had ended. A restaurant of the people. Spanish music played by a live band across the hall wafted in from the big bar.
The matre d' came over to the table and talked to Steve in Spanish. He turned to me and, in broken English, asked where I was from? In broken Spanish I replied that I was from the United States. Everyone began to laugh, the bartenders, the waiters, and Steve. It took me a moment to comprehend. I had been so absorbed in the Spanish atmosphere that I'd forgotten I was still in Miami. The matre d' was gracious, saying not to fret, it happened all the time.
The owner came over with Monte Cristo cigars, smuggled in from Cuba. He joined us for a strong aromatic coffee. I promised not to tell my friend Ernie about the cigar.
Later, as we drove back to town, I asked Steve if he had a fingerprint kit in his car. He did not, but said we could stop by the station and get one. 
"You want to run the prints of the girl?"
"Don't you think?"
After we finished at the morgue, Steve got a call from his headquarters, something urgent. He promised to let me know about the prints as soon as they were identified. Dropping me off at the hotel, we said good-bye. It would be a long time before I would see him again.

CHAPTER SIX

There was a message from Glossman waiting for me at the front desk of the hotel. It said to expect arrival of the airplane at Butler Aviation located on Miami International airport around three p.m. Lynn in bad shape. Windom bringing money personally. Keep in touch. 
Up in the room, I lay on the bed resting and thinking about the message and what was meant about Lynn being in bad shape. The inference puzzled me. Losing a sibling can be traumatic, though. The I.D. at the morgue would have to be handled carefully.
Legally, it's necessary to view a body for a positive identification. Rene's face wasn't exactly pretty, plus a morgue is an awful place for a first-time visitor. The hollow echo of footsteps on tile floors, the smell, the bright lights, the cold of both the temperature and the attendants, and the thought of all that death can get to anyone.
The Concierge at the hotel arranged a rental car for me. I drove to Butler Aviation. The rest of the afternoon loomed like a bad omen for things to come.
Parking in the lot at the airport, I walked to the operations office. The girl behind the desk flashed a California smile with a Florida tan and a set of teeth that paid some Dentist's light bill for a year and said that N5JG would be on the ramp in five minutes.
Standing outside in the bright sunshine, I watched the plane turn off the taxiway onto Butler's ramp. It was one of the Falcon Fifties, the one with the horizontal stabilizer drooping downward. I must get Windom to explain that design for me one day.
Usually when he shuts off the engines Windom would bound down the cabin stairs and say something funny, "Just like Air Force One, on time, to the second." On this occasion his demeanor was of a serious nature. He was the consummate professional pilot and, as with most people who work in stressful occupations, he had a brilliant sense of humor. This was the only time I'd seen it fail him.
He shook my hand. "She's having a rough time. Here's the money Mr. Glossman sent. Look, we've arranged for a day room in the hotel here at the airport. We'll be there in case she needs to leave earlier."
"What's she been doing?"
"Everything was fine until we got airborne. She started wailing like a banshee and pacing up and down the aisle. We left the cockpit door open to watch her. She acted like that the entire trip. At the moment, she's sitting in there staring off into space, won't say a word to us. It's like she's in shock. I hope you can handle her."
Quietly boarding the aircraft, I sat down in the seat facing her. "I'm sorry about Rene, Lynn."
She looked up, hollow-eyed, staring through me for a moment, then, "See if there's any brandy. I need a drink." The look on her face was one of defeat, a drained expression of passivity. Her appearance was immaculate, though. The long hair was perfect, not a strand out of place. She wore a bone-white business suit that exuded professionalism. Her posture gave away her inner struggle, erect, stiff, and fragile.
The co-pilot remained in his seat shutting down the systems. When asked if there was brandy on board he pointed at the liquor cabinet and offered to get it in just a moment. Patting him on the shoulder, I said I'd do it.
There was Martel Gordon Blue cognac. Pouring two ounces into a large snifter, I gave it to Lynn. She drank it in one swallow, and handed me the glass. "I'm okay. Thanks."
"I'm glad."
She appeared calm. Her look of weariness eased into a thin smile that seemed to reflect more than the endurance of this one moment. "I've got it out of my system. I'll apologize to the pilots for the way I acted on the flight. It was awful, but I couldn't help it. It started in Joe's office and I couldn't control myself. Rene was the last of my family. There is no one left. Can you understand?"
"It has to hurt. Don't worry about the pilots, they understand. As for Joe, he feels like you are his daughter."
"I'm so embarrassed."
"We have to go."
She looked out the oval-shaped cabin window. "Do I have to see the body? Couldn't it be done some other way?" She turned to me, and there was a puzzled helplessness on her face. The face was calm, but something about the expression made me wish that she did not have to experience such sadness. 
"There is no other way."
She was quiet on the way to the County morgue. The body was moved there after a telegram arrived at the hospital releasing it. The facility had the latest technology and we were able to make the viewing from a quiet comfortable room via closed-circuit television.
Lynn looked hard at the screen as if implanting the picture in her brain.  "Yes, it's Rene." She turned and walked away, no tears, hysterics, or emotion.
Walking out of the building, Lynn said, "Can we go somewhere for a drink? I could use one." She wiped a hand across her eyes as if she were erasing the things that she had felt and experienced in the last few days.
There was a hotel a few blocks from the morgue. The bar was familiar, off the lobby it was dark, cool, and quiet. We took a booth in a far corner. A blond waitress in a typical short outfit that made rustling noises placed two napkins in front of us without saying a word. Lynn ordered a gin and tonic. I had the same. She kept her eyes down, looking at the nautical chart inlaid into the table with two inches of clear acrylic. The waitress returned with the drinks, sat them in front of us and walked away.
"Thanks," I said just to see if she could talk. 
Stopping, she turned and flashed a smile, then walked away without a sound.
Lynn squeezed the small slice of lime into her drink and licked her fingers, then stirred the mixture with a fingernail. She looked up at me and there were wrinkles in the corners of her eyes that seemed as faint lines of bitterness. In the shadows of the bar she looked much older.
"The plane's waiting to return you to Jackson," I offered as a way of changing the lines of bitterness. "I'm staying in Miami to find out what happened to Rene."
The wrinkles smoothed out and were replaced by a faint smile. It held appreciation and an emotion not seen before. At once revealing and sensual, yet motionless, drawn as if from relief, a relaxed tension stretched by the moment.
"Why? It's over. There is nothing else anyone can do for Rene. She's gone. Joe said he would hire some local people to look into it. Why do you want to continue?"
Lynn had a lovely face, but it kept clouding over with the image of a bruised, battered, and dead young woman lying on a cold metal tray in a dank morgue.
"I don't like the way she died. It's despicable what was done to Rene. I don't care what she'd done as a teenager, she did not deserve to be pumped full of drugs, beaten, raped and then left to die. It took a sadistic, vile person to do this, and I'm going to find him."
"Could I get another drink?" There was no emotion. "Rene hasn't left Wiggins, Mississippi in three years. Why would she leave the cruise ship in Nassau? How did she end up in Bimini?"
The questions weren't directed at me. It was as if she were thinking out loud. I answered her anyway. "Starting in Bimini and working my way back to Nassau may give us those answers. You can help a great deal by telling me what happened between your parents and Rene. It couldn't matter now if I know."
"Never."
Sighing, I leaned back in the booth, finished my drink, and looked at the inlaid chart on the table. It showed the Bahamas.
Lynn stiffened and seemed to shudder all over. She sat for a few seconds with her eyes closed, arms straight by her side, fists clinched so tight the blood was cut off from her fingers. Then, as if returning from a trance, she said, "You can take me back to the airport, now."
Even in the dimness of the bar she was a strikingly beautiful woman. The high cheekbones and sharp features of her face caused the pale light to give her an eerie glow like that of a forbidden goddess, or an evil, iniquitous and peccant being.
Stopping in the hotel lobby, I phoned Windom, alerting him we were on the way. Wanting to know what to expect, he was relieved to hear all was fine.
There was little conversation during the drive to the airport. Butler Aviation allowed me to drive out onto the ramp, directly to the airplane. The co-pilot had the onboard auxiliary power unit running and started the right engine when he spotted our car. Windom stood at the bottom of the airstair door and helped Lynn aboard. By the time I drove back through the gate, they were taxing to the runway.
Getting out and leaning against the wire fence, I watched the Falcon begin its takeoff roll, rotate, and climb into the blue evening sky heading directly into the sun. Suddenly a strange feeling came over me like a black storm cloud that I would wish before this was over I had boarded Joe Glossman's airplane back to Mississippi.

CHAPTER SEVEN

The ten thousand dollars felt heavy inside my coat pocket, like a weight-belt pulling me into the bottomless depths of the Gulf Stream. Down, down, until there was no light, just darkness and cold, a never-ending icy blue descent into nothingness. 
 Driving out to Chalk Airlines, I booked a seat on the last flight of the day to Bimini. There was only time to call the rental agency and tell them where their car was parked. The agent informed me that it could not be left there, and must be turned in at one of their check-in counters at Miami International Airport. Informing him that the car was in Chalk's parking lot with the motor running and the air-conditioner blowing, I hung up. They were picking it up as we took off for Bimini.
From Chalk's flight operation in Miami it is only forty-five miles due east to Bimini. The lumbering old Grumman Goose flew at a hundred knots low over the water. The beauty of crossing the Gulf Stream is worth the time spent. At first, it's the whites of the shallows, then the greens of deeper water and, finally, the inky purple of the Stream. Approaching Bimini the colors reverse, back to the greens, the white-sand bottoms, and finally leading to a piece of paradise on earth, an island in the Bahamas.
The seaplane touched gently down in the channel between North and South Bimini. We taxied out of the water at the Custom's shack and the pilots shut down the engines. They were the same two Steve and I talked with in Miami. 
The airplane had a full passenger load, and the co-pilot got out and started unloading baggage. The Captain motioned for me to stay in my seat. As he came toward the exit he whispered to me, "The big, black Bahamian in the red cap standing over by the Custom's shack is the one who helped your girl on board."
Claiming my bag, I went and stood in line to pass through Customs. It was imperative to see whom the big Bahamian met. Thinking back over the passengers on board, I tried to remember the faces. There was only one female and the rest appeared to be Latin American. 
The Customs agent gave me a hard time as I had no papers and did not know how long I'd be on the island. The Captain came over and said something to him and I was allowed to go on my way, but by then big Bahamian had disappeared with whomever he came to meet.
Picking up my ditty bag, I walked the half-mile to the Complet Angler Inn. The route took me past the End of the World Bar. It was closed. At one time you couldn't get inside for the customers. It had a dirt floor and the bar was made from a ship's timber laid across two water barrels. Owned by two young men from Key Largo, who came to the island as fishermen with a shallow-draft, wide-beamed vessel called a Smack boat. They failed at making a living fishing for lobster. The Smack boat was swapped for the shack where they opened the bar. It must have been the 'end of the world' for them.
Years had passed since I'd been to Bimini. The hustle and bustle along the narrow street surprised me. Small shops, bars, restaurants, and liquor stores along the shell-laden, pothole-strewn road took up almost every available foot of space. There were fifteen or more cars and trucks and even a Taxi. The last time I was here there was one car on the island. Everything was jammed up on the south end, which made sense, as that was where the marina and hotels were, but where were all these people coming from? The dope trafficking was thriving, but I never imagined this disaster. 
The Complet Angler Inn appeared in the distance. It is a three story, wood-frame building at least a hundred years old, and was the only hotel on the island for many years. Walking up the familiar steps and in through the front door, I could not help but pause and look at the big display of photographs mounted under glass next to the small check-in counter. They cover a whole wall. Many notable people are pictured showing off giant fish caught in the Stream. My favorite depicts two big men standing on the dock holding deep-sea fishing rods with the Gulf Stream as a backdrop. At first glance one sees a huge fish hanging between them, but upon closer inspection the fish turns out to be a naked young lady hanging upside down. She has a smile on her face. Ah, Bimini.
A friendly clerk gave me a room on the third floor. The old stairs creaked as I climbed slowly up, the carpet long ago worn away. Throwing my bag on the bed, I noticed the place was the worse for wear. The room had not seen a coat of paint in years, water only trickled from the sink, and the toilet would not shut off. Having spent many nights here, it was rather sad to see it so run down.
Heading back downstairs, I went into the bar. I always liked this bar with its low ceiling made of thick beams and dark paint. Two huge square posts stood in the middle of the room, probably holding up the entire hotel. On one of them was the 'hook.' A long rope, attached to the ceiling held a big washer; you swung the washer and attempted to ring the hook. Many a gin and tonic I lost betting on that hook. Trying it again, for old time's sake, I missed.
Easing onto a stool, I was pleased to see the painting behind the bar was still there, only a little more soiled in spots. An old friend, who long ago ceased to worry about the problems of the world, created this canvas. The idea for the work came after a long night sitting at this same bar. It is modeled after Manet's 'OLYMPIA' that hangs in the Louvre in Paris. It is a damn wonderful painting and almost brought tears to my eyes to see it again.
There was only one other patron in the bar and he was in no condition to talk, so I tried a shot in the dark with the gin-slinger. He was a short man with a stocky build, round face, and receding hairline. His age appeared to be around sixty and he held a stub of a cigar in the corner of his mouth as if it were a permanent part of his face. When he spoke the only thing that moved was the cigar.
"What you smoking?" Any man worth his salt would talk about cigars.
"What?" He seemed to have forgotten the protrusion sticking out from his lips.
"Cigar " I pointed to his face. "What kind of cigar?"
"Oh, Cuban. Ain't no good since Castro took over the country. Used to be the best in the world. You drinking, or want to talk about cigars all night?"
"Gin and tonic. Tanqueray if you have it?"
"We got it."
"How long you been on the island?"
"You writing a book, Mon?"
"Used to come over a lot, back when things were quieter. Everything's changed."
"Yeah."
"Ran into a big black dude wearing a red cap down at the Customs shack. Accidentally bumped into him and he raised all manner of hell. He's an angry man. You know him?"
"That's old Mako. He wear that red cap all the time, won't take it off. Somebody split his scalp with a tuna gaff, left some terrible scars. They say he flopped around on the end of that gaff like a big old fish until he finally got loose. Then he killed the man who hooked him with his bare hands. Just broke his neck. Left the man's head flopping around on his shoulders like a queer's wrist. He's a mean one, mister. I'd stay away from him if I was you."
"Thanks for the advice."
Slowly sipping on the gin, I thought that old Mako and I needed to get to know one another. Figuring out how was the problem.
The view out the door of the bar lead into a large foyer with a big fireplace. It was a shrine to Ernest Hemingway, the writer, who put Bimini on the map with articles on big game fishing in Esquire magazine, and with his famous boxing matches with the natives. One celebrated fight involved the noted publisher, Joseph Knapp. The natives wrote a song about that fight. "Big fat man in de harbor. Tonight's the night we got fun " The words are framed and hang on the wall of the foyer, along with hundreds of photos of Hemingway and his boat, Pilar. 
Hemingway might have put Bimini on the map, but it was Michael Lerner, of the women's store chain, who did the most for the island. Pumping millions into the economy, he funded the marine laboratory that thrives there today.
Finishing the drink, I tipped the bartender a five spot and headed to the north end of the island where a large chunk of land has been bought by a Texas firm and turned into a private resort for the wealthy. It is simply known as the 'Compound' by the locals. There is a huge house on the point surrounded by smaller cabanas all protected by a ten-foot high chain link fence and a massive gate at the entrance. A private boat channel is used by the sportfishing boats belonging to the Compound and by the ferry launches used to pick up passengers who fly to the island in private aircraft. The airport is located on South Bimini and the only way to get to North Bimini is by ferryboat. 
The big house on the Compound is built like the conning tower of a ship and sits on the highest point on the island. Adam Clayton Powell once owned the house. I was afforded the opportunity to stay in the Compound for two weeks back during my flying days. Occupying a guesthouse on the west side of the island, the door opened up onto the water and the Gulf Stream ran within fifty feet of the beach. Waking in the morning with the smell of the Stream so strong your nose and mouth felt caked with salt, a smell so wonderful it is forever imbedded in my memory. 
It's a two-mile walk to the Compound gate. Leaving the noise and traffic at the south end of the narrow island, things quieted down. On the right were the houses of the charter boat captains and local commercial fishermen. Their back yards are the saltwater flats. All built the same, the homes are of concrete block, painted white, and trimmed with yellow or green or sometimes both. Each front yard has a four-foot high fence with corner posts topped with casts of pelicans, porpoise, or the fish the men chased in the Stream or out on the flats.
On the west side, set high up on the dunes that run down to the water's edge, are the houses of the rich. Once past these, you enter Alicetown. This is where the true native Bahamians live as they have lived for the last three hundred years. They are poor, hard-working men and women of the sea. A few of them befriended me years ago.
The marine laboratory is on the east side next to the flats. From the road you can see the holding pens for the sharks used for research.
The narrow road winds its way through thin, scrawny scrub pine, continuing past the baseball field to the Compound gate. As I approached the gate, the sun was low on the horizon, the wind calm. The temperature was warm and I worked up a sweat during the walk. The gate was open, which surprised me. Walking on through, I started up the narrow lane leading to the beach. A hundred yards into the scrub pine thicket I heard a bolt slide back and forth on a rifle. It's a sound unmistakable to any other. 
"Where you think you going, Mon?" a threatening voice growled off to my left.
Raising my hands, I turned slowly, looking for the voice. "Out to the beach to watch the sun set."
"Lot's beach on dis island. Why here?"
The voice was familiar. "Joseph, that you?"
"Well, bless my soul, it's Cop'um Leicester." He lowered the rifle that had been aimed at my head. "What you doing on the island? Ain't seen no co'prite planes land today?"
We shook hands. 
"Good to see you, Joseph. Still tending to the rich, I see."
"Yep. How you get on de island, Cop'um?"
"Came over on Chalk. Some business here."
Joseph nodded. He would not pry. No one knew how old he was or where he came from. Twenty years ago he ran his own charter boat out of the public dock across from the Complet Angler. That's when we met, and he was old then. He lost his boat, along with a deckhand and two customers fifteen years ago in a freak weather phenomenon called a White Squall, a rare and violent storm that will capsize any unsuspecting vessel. I have witnessed this storm at sea; it is terrifying.  Joseph survived for two days clinging to a bait box before being rescued by another fisherman. He lost everything and was forced to take the job as overseer at the Compound.
Joseph was not a big man, but among the Bahamians he was respected as one of the toughest, a man not to be trifled with or taken lightly. Dark-skinned with a head of silver, wiry hair and thick lips, he has a smile that could make the saddest man feel better. Then there were the eyes, black, bottomless, and could back down the biggest of men. He was a good man, and I was proud to call him a friend.
"How is the wife and all those kids we played baseball with? Let's see, you had them from age ten back down to two, enough to field your own team."
"Wife died, Cop'um, along with two of the kids. They all had the fever."
"I'm sorry, Joseph."
"It's okay. I done remarried and had more kids, enough now for a football team. You know, like the one over on the mainland, named after the porpoise."
"The Miami Dolphins?"
"Yes, Cop'um, dat's the one. I heard the old Shoe retired."
"The Shoe? Ah, Don Shula. Yeah, he had a good run, though."
"You gonna be on the island long, Cop'um?"
"Couple of days."
"You welcome to stay at the Compound. Ain't nobody here but me."
"Already settled in at the Angler."
"Lot of good memories there for you, Cop'um."
"It was a long time ago."
"You need anything, call old Joseph. You a good man. Took me flying for the first time. Changed my whole outlook on life. Sho did 'preciate that."
"It was my pleasure."
"Sorry about the rifle. Thought you might be one of those dopers snooping around. They would like to get their hands on this Compound."
"Forget it. Do the people from Houston still own the place?"
"Same people own it. They don't come much any more, especially since dem folks flew the planes into them buildings up in the north. Ain't been nobody down since."
"There is one thing you could help me with, Joseph. What can you tell me about the big one, the one they call Mako?"
"He a bad one, that Mako. Works for the dopers sometimes. Used to be a good fisherman, worked the flats, but started taking the easy money. He a mean one, he is. If you have to deal with him be careful. He don't have no fear of dying. Such a man is dangerous, can only be killed."
"I'll keep that in mind, Joseph. Is it okay if I go out to the beach, there's some thinking I need to do?"
"You stay as long as you like. It's a good place to do your thinking. I won't lock up until you come out. I see you again before you leave, Cop'um?"
"It's a promise."
Walking out to the narrow sand beach on the west side, I arrived at the moment the sun touched the water. A flock of pelicans flew in tight formation, skimming low over the purple water of the Gulf Stream. The sun turned the sea into a molten caldron, fiery red and blazing. Joseph was right; this was a good place to do your thinking.

CHAPTER EIGHT

As the high wispy streaks of cirrus clouds turned an ashen gray and the sea lost its color, I thought about Joseph. He had been a friend for twenty years, ever since I started flying out to Bimini. It was good to see him again, and it would be good to spend some time with him. At the moment, though, finding out who tortured and killed a twenty-four year old school teacher from Wiggins, Mississippi was top priority.
Mako was my next move. He obviously was a scumbag who sold out to the Snowpowder boys for the easy money. If he put Rene Renoir on board Chalk Airline's flight to Miami, then he could tell me the name of the boat that brought her to Bimini, and who owned it.
Getting him to talk was going to be difficult. Any man who had his scalp ripped open by a tuna gaff then gets loose and, with his bare hands, kills the man who hooked him isn't someone who will talk easily. But the man had information I needed.
Mako was big, but the question was, is he coordinated, quick, and in shape. To break a man's neck takes powerful arms, hands, and shoulders. It's no great feat for a big man to snap the neck of a small person. Though it is a big deal to the one getting his neck broken.
It was dark, now, and the road back to the hotel led through Alicetown. At night it is no place for a man alone. Years ago two pilot friends of mine staying at the Compound decided some nightlife was in order. They walked down to the End of the World Bar and got drunk. On the way back, passing through Alicetown, they were hailed by two ladies of the evening. Making a bad decision, they were beaten and robbed by the whore's pimps. One ended up with a concussion. As a result of their indiscretion neither was able to work for several weeks. Their employer asked me to fly his jet back to Miami. When learning he had fired the pilots, I refused. The plane sat in Bimini for a long time.
As I approached the village, six young males were sitting on a rusted out Cadillac listening to a portable radio turned as loud as it would go. Drawing abreast of them, they stopped their wild gyrations, turned the radio off, and looked me over. They said nothing, and I passed on by. Sometimes it pays to be big.
Walking out onto the public docks, I strolled along the narrow piers looking at the boats moored in the slips to see if any were familiar. They were not. Two young men stood beside a sportfisherman tied bow to the pier. Unable to see the name of the vessel, I struck up a conversation. They hailed from Key West and were delivering the boat for the owner who would keep it in Bimini through the tuna and marlin runs. It was best to come over early, as docking space was nonexistent during peak season.
Several sailboats were anchored out on the flats in the deep channel. Only two appeared to be occupied. It was possible Rene could have been brought over on a sailboat, but not probable. They are too slow. Whoever killed her traveled over from Nassau on a boat capable of handling the heavy winter seas, like a sportfisherman, or they flew her here.
Walking back to the hotel, I thought about what needed to be done. Passing through the foyer, the huge marlin mounted over the fireplace loomed as large as a small car. Memories came rushing back as to how it felt fighting such a magnificent creature. How pleased the feeling when you released the tired, but uninjured fish. You knew how much you admired him, and you wondered what it thought about you. Then you tried not to think about the fish you had not released.
In my room, I splashed musty-smelling water on my face and looked in the cracked mirror. The image staring back seemed unfamiliar, a man in his forties with short, ash-blond hair, greenish-blue eyes, and a fair complexion. The few scars on the angular face were familiar. They were the lessons learned, hard lessons. It was time to find some food.
I remembered that the Bimini Inn used to have a good restaurant. At one time a giant of a man, nicknamed, Tiny, was the Chef. I hoped he was still there. 
On the way out, I stopped by the bar. It was dark inside, and I stood in the door until my eyes adjusted. One of the sailors from Key West was playing the 'hook' game. He took careful aim, swung the rope, and missed the whole post. Easing onto a stool, the bartender sat a gin and tonic with a twist in front of me.
"It's an old custom, first drink of the night is on the house." He nodded toward the end of the bar. There sat Mako, drinking an Anchor Rode. It's a Bahamian beer, strong and aromatic with a bitter finish. We drank them on hot days fishing in the Stream. One each hour kept the dehydration down and the alcohol level tolerable.
Sipping the gin, I came up with a plan for Mako. It was time to test the man. Word travels fast on a small island when strangers come, but he showed no knowledge of my existence. His attention was drawn to the 'hook' game. He saw easy marks in the two young sailors.
It didn't take long to talk his way into the game. After losing five straight, he suggested upping the ante. He lost some more, then when each toss reached a hundred dollars; he was ready for the kill. If the men complained they would be beaten, or worse. It's a scam that's been going on a long time, in all sports.
Getting up, I made my way toward the door. Passing by Mako, I swung my arm as if to wave good-bye to the bartender and knocked the red cap off his head. Two horrid rows of jagged scars glistened on the bald scalp. He stiffened, eyes blazing. Reaching down, I picked up the cap and handed it back to him.
"My apologies. I didn't see you standing there, Scarhead. Bartender, give this man a beer on me." Turning, I headed for the door. Passing one of the sailors, I whispered that they were being played like a fish. He nodded his appreciation.
Mako was bigger than he looked. I guessed six foot four or five and over three hundred pounds. He had a flat nose and thick lips that didn't hide his ruined teeth. The eyes were small and beady, and he had poor personal hygiene.
Tiny was still the Chef at the Bimini Inn, and he treated me with a leisurely dinner of raw Conch salad and grilled tuna that was wonderful. I drank little wine, as there was a feeling that Mako would make himself known to me again before the night was over. 
After dinner, I walked down to the public docks. Turning onto the long wooden pier that ran out a hundred yards into the water, I spotted Mako hugging the shadows. He had not disappointed me. The light at the end of the pier was dim, but I could see water rushing by the pilings on the ebbing tide. Several big fish were holding stationary in the flow behind the wooden posts waiting for food to come drifting by.
With my back to the shore, I was sure Mako's approach would be heard on the creaking planks of the dock. I was wrong. The rush of the wind ahead of the punch was my first warning. Stars exploded in my head, and I could feel myself sinking to my knees. That's when Mako made his first mistake. He backed up and laughed, a low, growling sound that would bring fear to a man's soul.
"Gone teach you sum manners, white man. Teach you not to knock Mako's cap off. And learn you to never make fun of my head." He grunted crazily. "Yo head gonna look like Mako's when I get through." 
The stars cleared and I could feel my strength and coordination return. Lunging with my right hand I grabbed him by the balls and squeezed. With my left hand, I yanked one of his feet out from under him and he fell on his back. Sweat popped out and ran off him like water. He tried to kick, but I was on him. Powerful arms lashed out, but I was too close, too quick. A couple of short, hard punches to his temple ended the struggle. He had not uttered a sound since I grabbed him. He was tough.
Dragging him over to the boat out of Key West, I threw him into the cockpit. Dipping a bucket of seawater, I poured it over his head. He started to come around. Taking a filet knife from a leather sheath by the fishing rods, I sat on his chest and made a cut across his neck, just deep enough so that he could feel it.
"You hurt me, Mon," he grunted through clinched teeth. "You hurt Mako bad. What you want, Mon?"
"Listen carefully, Scarhead. I'm only going to say this once." I cut a little deeper. "You put a drugged up young woman on the seaplane to Miami. Who ordered you to do that?"
He shook his head, "Don't know what you talking about, Mon."
Pushing the knife blade deeper into the cut, I said, "What boat did she come in on?"
Struggling, he said, "A sportfisherman, Mon. Down from Nassau. Don't see the name."
"You're a lying bucket of bilge water." Cutting deeper than I intended, a sudden flow of blood ran down onto the deck. It didn't appear to be arterial. "This is your last chance to tell me what I want to hear, then I'm going to cut your privates off and feed them to the fish down by the pilings. You understand me?"
Sweat glistened off the black face and he smelled like he hadn't bathed in a week. "The Sun Dog, Mon. The Sun Dog."
"Who owns it?"
He closed his eyes for a moment, and a tightening movement of his face formed a smile that substituted for a moan of pain. "You a mean one. Maybe I come work for you. We make a good team, Mon."
"I don't think so. I hate bullies and will not tolerate the killing of young, innocent women. Now who owns the boat?"
"Don't know his name. He a doper running the whole island chain. That's the truth, Mon."
"How you know him?"
"Guy works for him hired me to deliver around here. Don't know anything but a nickname. Calls himself Moley."
Removing the knife from his neck, I said, "Get out of here before I change my mind about killing you."
He stood slowly, feeling the cut in his neck with one hand and his testicles with the other. "You a mean one, Mon. We meet again some other time. Yes sir, we meet again." 
All of a sudden I was tired. The last four days was taking its toll. Washing the blood off the cockpit deck, I headed back to the Angler. Mako wouldn't give me any trouble tonight, but he might have a friend.
The bartender sat a drink in front of me as I eased onto a stool in the bar. "Mako left behind you tonight, and he was plenty mad. You have any trouble?"
"Nothing I couldn't handle. You got any kids?"
"Why?"
"Need someone to guard my door tonight, let me know if anyone comes around."
"My thirteen year old is dependable. He watch your door. You pay him, but not too much. Don't want him spoiled."
I slid a fifty under the drink. "Thanks."
"The boy will be there in an hour."
Thirty minutes later there was a soft tap on the door. He was a chip off the old block, a mirror image of his father with sun-bleached hair and a round, boyish face. Huge, alert eyes hidden far back under thin eyebrows danced and darted in the dim hallway. He was a young kid growing quickly into manhood on a dangerous and hard island in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. Handing him a twenty-dollar bill, the expression on his face told me I could sleep easy.

CHAPTER NINE


Telling the young son of the bartender, whose name was Ansel, that someone might try and sneak up the stairs or climb up the outside of the hotel to get to me, I asked if he thought he could stay awake and if any of this frightened him in any way?
With a wile grin, he said, "Papa told me you run up against Mako. I stay awake with no trouble, and tell you if anyone comes around." His face glistened with sweat in the darkened hall, the jaw set. A street-wise kid who was smart, tough, and brought up severely on the island to handle the harsh reality of life; he already thought like an adult.
Confident in the boy, I lay down and remember nothing after my head hit the pillow. Sometime later, I woke aware of a presence in the room. Slowly opening my eyes, I found I was facing the wall, and the glow of false dawn etched odd angles on everything. Turning slowly, I saw the firm-set jaw of young Ansel.
"You said to wake you at dawn, suh. It's about that time. Nobody came during the night. You want me to get you coffee? I can make some in the kitchen. Wouldn't mind a cup myself."
"You go fix the coffee. I'll be down as soon as I dress."
Downstairs, Ansel brewed a strong, black coffee on the gas stove of the tiny kitchen. The air was hot and sticky. He made the coffee the old way, grinding the beans, boiling them in a pot. No drip-grind or percolated for this kid. His movements were quick and sure in the small space.
"My Maw, she cook here at the hotel. Taught me how to make the coffee. Good, yeah?"
"Yes, Ansel. None ever better."
He grinned, showing a youthful set of glistening teeth in the early morning light.
"You know Joseph, the man who runs the Compound for the rich folks on the north end of the island?"
"Yes suh, I know Mr. Joseph. He a good man. His number two boy, him and me play the baseball together and fish the flats. 
"Does he still live in the house by the Marine lab?"
"Yes suh, all my life he been there."
Handing him another twenty, I said, "You did a good job last night, thanks."
His jaw dropped and his eyes bulged. "That's too much."
"I may need some help, later. Can I count on you?"
"You bet." He stuck the bill in the pocket of his worn, sun-bleached jeans.
Back in the room, I thought about what Mako said concerning the Sun Dog coming over from Nassau. Figuring that island was my next move, I packed my ditty bag and checked out of the Complet Angler Inn.
In the foyer, next to the counter, a schedule of Chalk Airline's routes was posted on the wall. The next flight to Nassau was not until tomorrow afternoon. That wouldn't do, I needed to get there today. Maybe Joseph could run me over in one of the Compound's sportfishing boats. It would put me in Nassau by mid-afternoon.
The steps of the hotel were covered with dew. To the east, rays from the sun were shining on the bottom of low clouds left over from a dissipating line of thunderstorms. They were gunmetal blue and gray, then slowly turned a burnt orange, then fiery red. It was going to be a warm day, but now it was still cool and you could smell the wood fires of the cook stoves wafting over from Alicetown.
Joseph's house appeared in the morning haze. It was not the biggest home along the street, but it was the neatest. Sitting on the side of a small dune, it was painted a bright white with green trim. The traditional fence was built of seashells and the pink, gold, and green of the queen conchs caused the fence to dance in a calliope of colors in the morning light.
Joseph's was the only one without casts of sea life on the posts. When asked about this, he replied, "Cop'um, I love all the fish in the sea. They been good to me. Don't seem right to hang'em on my fence. Bet they wouldn't hang Joseph on their post if they had a fence."
Made perfect sense to me.
Joseph was sitting on his front steps drinking coffee when I walked up. He saw me coming from a long way off, but pretended not to notice until I entered his front gate. He did not see or hear things until they demanded his attention. "Learn a lot more that way," he used to say.
"Morning, Cop'um. You stirring mighty early." The sun moved over his motionless face as over a portrait, one with an expression of impersonal courtesy.
"How's the coffee?"
"A cup with your name on it inside."
"If it won't be too much of a bother."
We sat and drank the coffee together in silence. The sun rose, bringing an oppressive heat. Joseph knew something was on my mind, but was too smart to ask.
"Met up with Mako last night."
"I heard." He leaned back loosely, in a manner of lazy relaxation, both legs extended, arms resting in two parallels on the steps, like someone who permitted himself to be at ease. "Not much happens on this sand spit that I don't know about. Rumor is you hurt him pretty bad."
"Minor disagreement over manners. I need to get to Nassau, Joseph. Can you run me over in one of the Compound's boats?"
"That's a seven hour run." His black eyes looked deep into mine, searching for some secret that I didn't even know. "Guess you wouldn't ask if it wasn't important."
I didn't say anything, let him mull it over.
"Mr. Lauder is supposed to call today and I got to be here. You take the boat. Can you get it back tomorrow?" 
"No, I need someone to go with me and bring it back."
"Let's take a walk."
Joseph didn't inquire as to why I needed to get to Nassau, didn't tell me Chalk had a flight tomorrow afternoon, and he didn't hesitate to loan me one of the Compound's two million dollar fishing boats. He and I hunted the giant tuna and marlin together many times. He knew I could run the boat, but his trust in me was still warming after all these years.
He pointed to a new blockhouse painted pink. "My long lived one stay here. He just got married."
It is tradition that a young man has a house ready for his new bride to move into. This one was not the Ritz, but it was functional and paid for.
Joseph's oldest boy should be eighteen or nineteen years old. He was named after the Great Issach Light, a lighthouse north of Bimini, and was a natural-born athlete. When we played baseball with the kids, Issach was always the best at every aspect of the game.
Joseph knocked on the door and grew impatient when no one answered. "That stuff going to whip that boy down, Cop'um. Guess it better to let them get it out of their system. They soon see there's other things in life than laying up pooching all day."
"Pooching?"
"Ah, Cop'um, you know. Making babies. Like the little dog poochies do when the female comes in heat. They be pooching."
A bleary-eyed young man finally opened the door.
"Get your britches on, boy. Cop'um Leicester's here and needs your help."
"Oh, yeah, I remember you. Played baseball with us and took everyone riding in your airplane. What you need, Cop'um?" He did not look like his father, but possessed all of the features of his dead mother. Six feet tall with thick brown hair and a European nose, Issach was the picture of youthful health. His eyes danced with intelligence and a love of life.
"Don't matter what. He needs your help. Now let's go."
"Issach, I need you to run over to Nassau with me and bring back the Hatteras. You can beat nightfall if we leave now."
"Sure. Will it be okay if my new bride comes along? She'd be good company on the trip back."
"That's fine."
"Make haste, boy. The day's awasting and the man's in a hurry."
While Issach and Joseph checked the engines and loaded supplies aboard in case of mechanical trouble, I fueled the boat. It was a fifty-three foot Hatteras sportfisherman. She had a sixteen-foot beam, twin G.M. 12v71 TI diesel engines, and would run all day at twenty knots.
The Compound's boats were rigged the same way, professionally outfitted for fishing, but still luxurious down below. This vessel was christened the Lady Lorraine.
Issach's wife, Mary, arrived at the boat a short time later and helped load the supplies. No more than five feet tall, she was a strikingly beautiful girl with olive skin and the broad, flat lips and nose of the Bahamian natives. She seemed to adore the ground her husband walked on, but was shy and kept her head bowed while around me. She wore a loose-fitting, one-piece, flowered dress that came to just below her knees. Muscled calves and wide, callused, bare feet let one know that she was a product of the hard life of island and sea.
We said our good-byes to Joseph, eased out of the channel between North and South Bimini, and turned north toward Great Issach Light. When we passed the Moselle banks, I turned to a heading of zero nine zero degrees, heading direct for Great Stirrup Cay. It was seventy-three nautical miles to our next navigational checkpoint, Little Stirrup Cay. We settled in for a three and a half-hour run with nothing to do but enjoy the beauty of the Great Bahama Bank.
All three of us were up in the tuna tower, running on flat, calm seas. The sun was two hours old. It was going to be a clear day. Looking into the sun, one could see nothing but glare from the water. Astern, the colors of the sea changed as the depths increased. Colors so blue and green they seemed to blur into a brilliant turquoise. It made your heart pound and you felt so good you thought that if you had to die, you would regret it, but it would be a good day to go.
The sun was warm on my face, the salt air bracing. It had been too long since I'd been to sea. The Man-O-War birds were soaring high above; their wing spans over six feet across. Flying fish leaped and soared ahead of the bow. We searched the sea for porpoise, but none appeared. The sky had turned a powder blue and melted with the sea so that there was no break on the horizon, the boat seemingly lost in a void between water and sky. The two diesel engines, once synchronized, ran quiet and smooth.
The death of Rene Renoir stealthily invaded my thoughts, ruining the mood. Picturing her lying on that cold metal tray, I kept seeing Lynn's deep hurt at her sister's senseless death.
After an hour, Issach and Mary said they were going below and fix breakfast. Coffee would be coming up in a moment, they promised. Much later, both of them climbed back up to the tuna tower. Issach handed me a cup of coffee, a reddening smile on his face. Ah, youth.
We rounded Great Stirrup Cay and took up a heading of one hundred and fifty degrees, staying just east of the Berry Islands. It was another three hours to Nassau. 
Clearing in with Nassau Harbor Customs, we slowly passed down through the channel between Paradise Island and the mainland. Easing under Potter's Cay Bridge, we pulled in at the Nassau Yacht Club. The harbormaster was an old friend of over twenty years. A true man of the sea, Gustave Fuentes was born in the Canary Islands aboard a fishing schooner, and had spent his life either on or near a boat. 
As we began mooring the Lady Lorraine to the pier, Gus came out to collect the docking fee and recognized me. "Well I'll be a son of a sea dog if it ain't Jay Leicester. I thought you had drowned or crashed one of them planes by now."
He was a small man with a face that looked as if it had once been punched in and never rebounded. Watery, blurry eyes pointed to a life dedicated more to the gin bottle than the sea. 
"Hello, Gus. How you doing?"
"Couldn't be better, boy." He chewed on a cigar. "Salt air is a tonic for my soul. Throw a line, I'll help you tie up. Who's your mates?"
Gus had his dock crew working over the boat immediately, cleaning, adding spring-lines, and coiling ropes.
Introducing Issach and Mary, Gus scratched his gray beard. "I know this boat. You Joseph's boy, from over at Bimini. Well, I'll be. You sure favor your Ma, son. I remember one time "
"Gus, they need to get back, and I'm in a bit of a hurry."
He looked at me with wise old eyes. A grin crossed his face. "Well, it's a long story. I'll tell you about your Pa and me another time. You tell him hello from old Gus, boy. You do that, now."
Issach and Mary were ready to depart within the hour. Handing him three one hundred-dollar bills, I thanked him for this help. He appreciated it. Leaving Issach and Gus on the dock, I went into the salon where Mary was washing dishes. She raised her head up with a slow, deliberate movement, her big, soft, wide-set, brown eyes had a look of alertness, of eager interest; a look that expected the world to contain an exciting secret behind every diamond-topped wave. Folding three more hundred-dollar bills, I placed them in her hand. "You take care of Issach, Mary. He's a good man. You two be happy."
She bowed her head and spoke in a low, flat voice, looking at the money that shimmered green in her fingers. She showed no emotion, but her voice had the intense monotone of a prayer. "Thanks, you a good man. We need this money. You be careful, Cop'um."
Gus and I stood and watched the Hatteras ease out into the channel.
"Seems like a couple of good kids," Gus said.
"Yes."
"If that boy's anything like his Pa, he is all right. Shy little girl, though," Gus laughed. "Seems most too timid to make babies. What do you think?"
"Come on, Gus. I'll buy you a drink."

CHAPTER TEN

We sat in the yacht club's second story bar overlooking the harbor and Paradise Island. Gus' weathered sun-scorched face was familiar and pleasant. Watching the traffic in the channel, we sipped the heavy, dark, Anchor Rode beer. 
"I'm looking for a boat, the Sun Dog. Know anything about her?"
"Yeah, she's bad news. Why you interested in that smelly mess of flotsam?"
Telling Gus as much as I thought he should know, I asked about the crew.
"The boat belongs to a drug smuggler running Snowpowder from here up to Grand Bahama and Abaco. Buys fuel from us at times. Always pays cash. Never heard his name. They got a slip over in Hurricane Hole and keep a low profile. Never no trouble around here that I heard of, but they have a reputation as being a mean bunch."
"They probably use it as the 'mother-boat.' Little boats come out and off load the stuff and run inshore."
"Yeah, they use those cigarette boats. Slim, fast things go forty knots. Someone said they cold-molded the dope into the hull and cut it out when they need it."
"Good way to hide it from the Coast Guard. Seems one would have to be careful removing it or you could end up with a boat full of salt water."
"That's funny boat full of salt water."
"You got a car that I can borrow? I'm going to check in at a hotel on the island."
"If you'll bring it back, not leave it parked at the airport, like last time."
I drove over and checked in at the Paradise Island Hotel. It was a short walk from there to Hurricane Hole, a safe, natural, round, shallow bay the three hotels on the island used as a marina for guest's boats. Being registered at the hotel allowed free access to the docks.
My room was on the eighth floor with a view of Hurricane Hole and the boat channel. It was a big room and newly refurbished. The windows opened and a clean, fresh, salt-filled breeze wafted through the sliding glass doors. At the public docks across the channel on the mainland, islanders hawked their wares to visitors from all over the world. Automobiles crowded narrow streets, and Bahamian policemen in starched, white uniforms, gloves and military-style caps, directed traffic.
Placing a call to Glossman, I tried to pick out the Sun Dog in the marina. I could not. Glossman was out, but his secretary put me through to Bill Moran. "Jay, I'm glad you called. Anything, yet?"
"I'm in Nassau. Rene was brought to Bimini from here aboard a sportfisherman named the Sun Dog. I've traced it to a marina on Paradise Island. How's Lynn doing?"
"Well, that's just it. We've been unable to locate her."
"God, I didn't think about her being in danger. Whoever snatched Rene could do the same with Lynn. Get the police in on this."
"Already have. Don't worry, Jay. We didn't think of that possibility, either."
"Call me here at the hotel if anything turns up. I'm in room 816."
"Someone will be in the office all weekend if you need to communicate. Let us know what you find out about the boat. Be careful."
"Right."
There had been no ransom demand from Rene's disappearance, so it never occurred to me Lynn could be a target. What's the motive? None of this made any sense."
Taking a shower, I changed clothes, and walked down to Hurricane Hole. The Sun Dog was there, tied stern to the dock. Two men stood in the salon. One of them was big, well over six feet, and built like Mako, except more barrel-chested and light skinned. My guess he was a free diver from one of the northern islands. The other man was a small, Latin American with olive skin and silver-gray hair combed straight back. Both appeared in their mid-forties.
At first, I didn't see the women. Lying on deck, snake-like, just forward of the salon, they were flat, brown, lissome creatures wearing string bikinis that didn't contain enough thread to sew a button on a shirt. They had bleached blond hair with skin burned to the color of mahogany. Rounded buttocks, long, slim legs, and bare breasts glistened in the afternoon sun from coconut oil applied by the gallon. The pleasant smell of the oil drifted across me like a veil, stirring memories of other summer evenings, other women, and other islands.
Barrel-chest stepped out into the cockpit, fished an Anchor Rode from a cooler, and stood staring into the setting sun. He was even bigger than I thought, chest and shoulders like a fighting bull, and his neck disappeared under sun-streaked blond hair and a solid-looking square jaw. One of those that appear chiseled out of stone. His face was marked and scarred, eyes deep set. He wore a sweat-stained Guayabera shirt that was two sizes too small. 
Walking to the edge of the pier, I stood directly behind the Sun Dog. She was almost exactly like the Lady Lorraine, except this boat was brand new, but looked in terrible condition. Her paint was chipped, railings bent and scratched, rust and corrosion was everywhere. She hadn't been washed down from her last trip, and sea salt clung to every wetted surface. It was a shame to see such a fine vessel treated so badly.
"Hey, you guys catching any fish? This looks like a really fine boat."
Barrel-chest slowly turned to face me. We were less than four feet apart.
"What's those long poles sticking out from the sides? Are they radio antennas? What kind of fishing y'all do?"
Easing the Anchor Rode down from his mouth, he cracked a malignant smile. "Bugger off, Mon. Get outta here before someone smacks your face."
Acting insulted, I turned and walked away like an offended tourist. I did get a good look at the boat and those aboard. 
Barrel-chest's accent was one I was familiar with on Abaco Island. I would bet he was a lobster fisherman from around there. The people of Abaco are ninety-nine percent white, and are descendants from Loyalists who left America after the war with England. Settling Abaco, they brought their slaves with them from the plantations. Blacks in the Bahamas are descendants from these slaves, and they now run the country. The Loyalists are honest, hard-working people who make their living from the sea, boat building, and what few crops that can be grown in the thin, sandy topsoil.
There was a good view of Hurricane Hole and the Sun Dog from my room. If they left the dock, there was little I could do, but the bet was that they would stay in port long enough for me to formulate a plan.
Surveillance is something I've never grown used to. It's boring, and if you have a lapse in concentration, that's the moment something will happen. 
At sunset, the two women went below deck. By nine o'clock nothing had moved aboard the Sun Dog. It grew too dark to see.
Going down to the casino, I found it crowded with pre-show gamblers. The show started at ten o'clock, and there was no sign of the foursome from the Sun Dog, but what I did see stopped me in my tracks. Sitting at a blackjack table was Lynn Renoir. There was no mistaking her. The long, blond hair was pulled tightly back from her face and braided into a single ponytail. A single strand of pearls enhanced the sculpted nose, thin, unpainted lips, and tanned skin. She wore a black dress with a single strap on the shoulder. No wonder Bill Moran couldn't find her, she was in Nassau.
Easing out of the casino so that she could not see me, I went to the front desk and asked if my wife, Lynn Renoir, had checked into the hotel. She had not, but there were two other hotels on the island, and all shared the same casino. The desk clerk checked with them and said that she wasn't registered at either.
Heading back to the blackjack table, I thought it time to confront Miss Renoir. She was gone. The dealer said she didn't remember her leaving with anyone, but she really wasn't paying that much attention. I thought of offering a bribe to jog her memory, but the cameras were looking.
Lynn had disappeared. Leaving the hotel, I walked down the path to Hurricane Hole to see if the Sun Dog was still there. It was, but blacked out. Going back to the hotel, I checked the dining room. Lynn wasn't there, but the foursome from the boat was seated at a table in the middle of the room.
Sitting down in the lobby to think, it was hard to imagine why Lynn was in Nassau. Glossman would not get her off the hook this time. I cannot babysit an amateur; it could get one or both of us killed. Exhaling a deep breath, I glanced at the entrance to the dining room. Now would be a good time to take a look around the Sun Dog. The dope pushers should be at dinner for at least an hour, longer if they took in the show.
The path to the dock was winding and narrow. Crushed seashells crunched under my feet, Palmetto bushes, Palm and Almond trees, and many species of tropical flowers bordered the path. In the cool night air an ocean breeze rustled the fronds. A brilliant field of stars lighted the sky. A romantic place, but the path was deserted.
Nearing the harbor, I eased off to the side and crouched under small palm trees surrounded by Bougainvillea shrubs in full bloom. Their aroma permeated the night air, reminding me of a good zinfandel wine.
Birds chirped and flitted in the shrubs, boat traffic on the channel produced throaty, muted rumblings. From my position there was a clear view of the Sun Dog. Nothing stirred on the boat. Lights from the tall poles surrounding the dock danced on the water as small ripples ran through the harbor.
Slipping off my leather-soled shoes, I eased down the path, slipped into the cockpit, and tried the salon door. It was not locked. Cool air hit me in the face and I could hear the air-conditioner humming quietly. I stood for a moment letting my eyes adjust. The interior was designed galley-up, which gave more room below. Rene was brought over to Bimini aboard this boat, and probably from this very dock.
Light filtering through the windows offered enough illumination to see clearly. It seemed as if some deranged person was playing a spotlight into the salon as the light moved spasmodically around when the boat nudged gently against her mooring. Starting down the companionway ladder to the lower deck and staterooms, I heard a faint noise. Stopping and standing deathly still, I counted to sixty. There were no more sounds. The smells emanating from the cabin were familiar, disinfectant, recently fried food, diesel fumes, coconut oil, and a perfume that I recognized, but could not name. 
Entering the master stateroom on the portside revealed a queen-sized bed with wall to wall mirrors and a big walk-in shower. The mirrors gave a massive look to the room. There were several storage drawers built into the bottom of the bed holding the usual things, clothes, bathing suits, and socks. One drawer at the head of the bed contained two automatic handguns and several boxes of ammunition. This was not unusual, as most boats carry firearms for protection.
Looking closely at the mirrors, I noticed that they were also sliding glass doors. Inside were hangers of expensive clothing and, something much more interesting, six AR-15 assault rifles and dozens of cases of ammunition, along with several automatic pistols; guns resembling MAC-10s. This was heavy stuff. Snowpowder protection. How did Rene Renoir fit into this equation?
Every human being has a sixth sense for danger left over on the DNA strand from long ago when we were hunters and gatherers dodging meat-eating predators. The hair bristled on the back of my neck at the instant my world ceased to exist. There was no pain, only a millisecond of warning from a long ago ancestor.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

There was a pounding, pounding. Something beat on my head with a horrible, steady rhythm. Opening my eyes brought more pain, and all I could see was gray paint. There was a nauseating smell of diesel fuel. This was the engine room of a boat, and I was lying in the bilge, bound hand and foot. The heat must have been over a hundred degrees. My clothes were soaked through with sweat; my hands and legs numb. It was hard to breathe.
Panic rushed over me like a dark veil. I fought it with all my mental resources. Deep breaths brought only scorching hot air. Rolling my head from side to side, I noticed the blood. There must be a pint coagulating on the nasty, oily deck. The flow must have stopped or I wouldn't be lying here looking at it.
By the motion of the boat, I knew that we were in open water. How long had I been out? It could be hours or a day. My eyes wouldn't focus and the smell was making me sick. I vomited. At least there was no blood from my stomach. I had a severe head injury and it worried me. Blood clots on the brain in the middle of the ocean insured but one inevitable conclusion.
The engines stopped. The boat went dead in the water and turned broadside to the waves. The motion nauseated me again.
The engine room hatch opened, bringing welcome relief from the heat. Barrel-chest came down the ladder. Saying nothing, he picked me up like a sack of potatoes, carried me up into the salon, and threw me on the sofa with such force it made me wretch. My eyes were not focusing, but I could make out several people standing around. From the slanting rays on the cabin walls, it looked to be near noon.
The two women were there, the Latin American, Barrel-chest, and five other people I had not seen before. 
The Latin American appeared to be in charge. His eyes were filmy ovals that held nothing but a dull, mindless hatred. His hand rose and moved over his cheeks and mouth, as if he needed to feel his expression to know what it was.
"We don't know who this one is, or who he's working for. His I.D. says he's a private dick from the states. It don't matter, he was snooping around the boat in Nassau and Moley caught him. We couldn't dump him in the water and take a chance of him washing up on the beach like them Cubans off Land's End. Take him ashore and bury him up by the lighthouse, where they used to keep the puercos. No mistakes or you'll join him." The words seemed to fall with a singular emphasis. They were pronounced quietly, with no remnant of a smile on the olive skin face.
Thinking back to last night, nothing moved aboard this boat. Where did Moley come from? The unlocked salon door should have been a warning. It never occurred to me someone would be among the palm fronds and Bougainvillea doing the same thing I was doing. There was only my own stupidity to blame. Complacency is a deadly mindset, and now I'm paying for it.
Barrel-chest and the man I assumed to be Moley, dragged me out into the cockpit and loaded me into a cigarette boat with the four strangers. My hands and feet were still bound, my vision blurred, but clearing. I could see we were seaward of a string of small cays. Waves were breaking over a bar between two of them.
One of the strangers started up the boat and sped at full throttle toward the calm opening between the two cays where the water was deep enough for the waves not to break. We ran over the bar through a narrow, curved channel that opened up into a big protected harbor. This was a familiar place. Known as Johnston's Harbor, it's located at the south end of the main island of Abaco. I'd been here many times.
Twenty years ago this island belonged to an artist who lived and worked here for half a century. When he died, his son, who was a drunk and lived in Paris and never visited the place, inherited it. There was no running water, only a cistern that was kept filled with the seasonal rains that washed the islands regularly. A harbor protected from all weather, it was a utopian setting.
The boat ran up onto the beach in front of two shacks built near the water. I knew my fate was sealed. On many occasions I had escaped death in airplanes, and a few times since. Again, I felt the strangeness, and wondered how it would feel? Would I die bravely? Would it be painful? There was nothing to do but wait.
Two of the men walked away, leaving the others to tend to me.
"Untie his legs, Mon," one of the men ordered. "I ain't gonna carry him all the way up to the lighthouse. He's too big."
They cut the ropes from my legs and hands. I was too weak to give them any trouble. Hardly able to stand, my vision was continuing to clear. A good sign. Asking one of the men for water, he said I was gonna die anyway, so they might as well let me have a drink. He was small and dressed only in shorts, sandals, and a sun-bleached sailcloth hat that had a ragged patch on it that read, 'Albury's sail loft, Man-O-War Cay.' His skin color was that of a chestnut and deeply creased on his face, but smooth and taut as that of a youth on his arms and chest. It was hard to tell his age.
The water was cool, wet, and tasted as good as any in my life. For that sip, I silently thanked him. They led me into one of the shacks and made me sit on the dirt floor. It was dark inside and several other people were seated around a long, rough-hewn table. Stacked on top was at least fifty kilos of Snowpowder.
A shadow covered the doorway. "Hey, what's going on?" a voice growled. "Who's the mess on the floor? I thought there weren't going to be any problems on this trip?"
The voice had a familiar ring, but I was unable to see him as my eyes were still adjusting to the dim light of the shack.
One of the men said, "The boss caught him snooping around his boat down in Nassau. Say he's a peeper-mon. Want him buried up by the lighthouse."
"Peeper, huh? I hate peepers. They're always sticking their nose somewhere it can get chopped off. Let me take care of this. It'll give me much pleasure."
"Okay, Mon. The boss said no mistakes with dis'en, though. He still unhappy about them Cubans washing up down at Land's End."
Everybody laughed with a nervous cackle.
The man with the familiar voice came and stood over me. Reaching down, he grabbed me by the hair, pulled my head up, and stuck a pistol barrel in my mouth. If he was going to shoot me here, he would splatter teeth, hair, skin, skull, blood, and brains all over them. At least my epitaph would read, "His end was abrupt."
He did not shoot. Dropping my head, he turned around and roared a maniacal laugh. My face hit the dirt floor. It smelled of urine, tobacco, and fecal matter. Except for the horrible pounding in my head, I was starting to gain some strength. The water had helped.
"Get up, peeper. We're going for a little walk." He kicked me in the ribs, causing me to double up into the fetal position. "Get this slime-bucket up."
Two of the men picked me up. The heat was now oppressive. Turning, I looked at the man who was to kill me. The light from the sun hit his face from above. His eyes and mouth were drawn in lines of endurance and an oddly solemn resignation. It was Dave Billingsly. Sally said he was on Abaco Island. Off to the side stood Will Strange, Karl's oldest boy. My brain took a moment to comprehend what it saw. The relief was such that I almost laughed. 
Dave pushed me roughly toward the path leading up the hill to the old lighthouse on the northeast corner of the island. His hands and arms were thick and powerful, not what you'd expect from his lanky frame.
Nearly as tall as me, Dave kept in excellent physical shape. A full head of wavy, graying hair and thick eyebrows accented his dark features. In his early fifties, he looked much younger. His eyes were brilliant and dry. He had a long, square face, and his facial muscles knotted and moved abruptly when he spoke, then the movement would vanish, having conveyed no expression.
"Come on, Will," Dave growled loudly. "Help me carry this piece of garbage up to the pig pens."
Little Will came over and helped drag me along. My head was starting to pound again, and I felt like throwing up. The sharp coral cut my feet, and they began to bleed as we climbed the hill. Looking down, I realized I wore no shoes. Then I remembered.
Out of range of the others, Will tried to hold me off the sharp rocks as best he could. He was a young man with a boyish face and perfect white teeth. The last time I saw him he was an innocent child, the delight of a proud father. 
Dave looked at me with a comical grin. "Well, pal, we have to stop meeting like this."
"You kick awfully hard for an old man."
"Had to make it look good. We're in with a bad bunch. They are plenty smart and do not trust anyone, especially me. There is no time to go into details, but Will's in a jam and, as a favor to his papa, I'm trying to help. I don't even want to know what you're doing in Johnston's Harbor in the middle of a big dope operation."
"It's all your fault."
He looked at me with a quizzical expression.
"The client you sent to me, the Renoir woman. Her missing sister turned up dead. The trail led to Nassau and that boat lying offshore, the Sun Dog."
Dave shook his head from side to side. "We might be able to get all of us out of this alive if you think you can swim?"
"I can swim."
"You remember Family Beach? Over next to the small reef?" I nodded. "We'll help you get into the water below the lighthouse. Swim around the north end of the point. There's a dinghy there. Get under it and stay until dark, then row up to Lynyard Cay. You remember B.J., the FedEx pilot? Go to his house, it's the green one. Hold up there until I can figure out the rest." His face had the look of a smile, though he was not smiling. It was the quiet look of victory, the look of a man's pride in the price he paid, and that which made it worth paying.
"I can handle that."
"It'll be rough rowing until you get past the Bight of Old Robinson. Abeam Bridges Cay, you should be okay. The key to B.J.'s house is in the pelican-shaped flowerpot next to the front door. Good luck, Jay. I've got to shoot you, now, and dig your grave. Hang tough, old son."
"I'll do my best. And Dave thanks."
"Yes " He looked off across the blue ocean toward Africa as if at some sight that he had studied for years, but which had remained unchanged and unsolved, his face with an odd, questioning look of an uncertain outcome.

CHAPTER TWELVE

Dave and Will helped me down the sharp coral ledge to the water's edge. The lighthouse, where the Johnston's kept their pigs, was on the highest point of the island. The view was spectacular. To the east was the vast Atlantic Ocean. Southward stretched other cays, all the way to the end of Abaco Island at a desolate place called Land's End. To the north, the tiny cays lay like pearls dropped at random by a playful child. Seaward we were surrounded by bluish-purple ocean. Leeward by green, turquoise, and sparkling clear water.
The mainland of Abaco lay a mile to the west. It is situated roughly in a north-south line a hundred and twenty-five miles in length, and shaped like a dogleg. 
There was no sand beach where I was entering the water, only hard coral washed razor-sharp by millions of years of pounding surf. The wave action carved out a huge cave and fish of every species swam in and out with each surge of the sea.
We waited until a swell rose slowly up the coral. Then, with careful timing, Dave and Will eased me into the water. The sharp coral sliced deeper cuts into my feet, but there was nothing to be done about it.
Entering on the ocean side, the only thing between Africa and me was three thousand miles of open water and sharks. It was about a mile swim to round the point, then another mile after crossing the bar to Family Beach.
Two shots rang out from Dave's magnum and echoed like claps of thunder. He had just killed me. It was an eerie feeling to know that the bullets, but for a small stroke of luck, would have terminated my life. I hoped Dave could get away with the ruse, as it wouldn't be healthy for him if he were caught faking my death.
The water felt cool, and the salt stung my cuts. Thank God the sea was calm. If a 'Rage,' the Bahamian word for a heavy storm surge, were running it would be impossible for anyone to swim on the ocean side of Johnston's Harbor. The surf can rise to twenty feet and crashes directly on the sharp coral. This creates an undertow of immense proportions. 
Swimming easy, I wanted to conserve all my strength and tried not to think about sharks. A few weighing over a thousand pounds had been taken in these waters.
Nearing the point, I started across the bar and noticed the water began to shallow. Looking down, I could see the white sand bottom and the multi-colored coral on the reef. There were fish of all kinds, but this wasn't a snorkeling expedition, it was a swim for my life.
Pacing myself with slow, easy strokes, I let my muscles stretch and relax. The cuts on my feet no longer burned. Floating for a moment, I rested and looked at the wounds. The salt water washed them clean, and the bleeding stopped. Loose skin around the cuts turned a ghostly white, like a dead person's. Maybe the sharks wouldn't come.
The water refreshed me. My head was continuing to clear, the pounding easing. The rhythmic movement of the sea, the gentle rising and falling of the swells, and pull of the current, made me think of returning to the womb. Was this the way a drowning person felt? If so, it wouldn't be so horrible.
Above, the puffball cumulus clouds drifted slowly under a clear, aqua sky. Man-O-War birds soared effortlessly high up in the cirrus. A lone jetliner left a disappearing contrail on its journey eastward. 
Crossing the bar, I turned south toward the small beach. The rhythm of the water stopped, blocked by land. Floating for a while to regain strength, I watched two small barracuda follow me. When I stopped, they would stop. Small fish swam close up under me, like I was a protector for them. 
The barracuda did not worry me. As a general rule, even big ones over six feet, are not known to attack humans except on rare occasions.
Family Beach is a hundred yards of perfect white sand located on an indentation in the land to the north and just outside the entrance to Johnston's Harbor. Completely isolated from the rest of the harbor, it is surrounded by Casuarina pines, palm trees, and palmetto bushes. The dinghy Dave said would be there was pulled up on the sand and turned upside down. Getting under it would be easy, keeping my sanity until dark would not.
Staying close to the shore, I scanned carefully along the beach for signs of movement. Hoping it safe, I eased out of the water and tried to crawl so my tracks would not appear made by a human. One gets quite a different perspective when crawling on his belly.
Easing under the dinghy, I tried to settle in as comfortably as possible. The sand was soft and I sank into its coolness. Sand fleas and flies didn't take long to find me. The struggle began to not let myself feel anything, to think only of what has to be endured to survive. To be discovered now would ensure Dave's death.
A tense, quiet eagerness of emotion came over me. What I said to myself consciously was: you must do this. For no reason that I can think of a Willie Nelson tune, The Redheaded Stranger, began to play in my head, and shocked me when I found my feet tapping in rhythm on the side of the dinghy.
After what seemed like eternity, to my horror, I heard talking. Two Bahamian men were close. They came over and sat on the dinghy. They were drinking from a bottle, and I could smell the rum. 
One of them muttered, "Mon, that white fellow, he a bad one. Seemed like he loved to shoot that peeper. You see that smile on his face when he said he blowed his head off with that big gun? Said it popped like a muskmelon. Exploded into a hundred bits."
"Yeah, I don't like that Mon. He crazy."
"You see that bone he had in his mouth? Said it was part of the skull of the peeper. Said he loved to suck on the skull bone of the people he killed. Made him feel strong."
"Yeah, he crazy, Mon."
"You see that sneer and that wild look in them eyes? That Mon crazy, all right. I be glad when this deal is over with. I want to get back to Marsh Harbor. All these folks is too mean for me. Gimme that bottle."
"We supposed to go out tonight and pass the powder around up at Treasure Cay. Then we be through and we can get our money. I'll be glad when it's over, too. Let me have that rum."
They stayed for about an hour getting drunk, replacing their fear with alcohol. One of them stood and urinated up by the bow. The loose sand quickly absorbed the steamy liquid, but the pungent odor of uric acid seeped under the boat, making me gag.
Maybe it took the booze to give them courage to play with the Snowpowder boys. Most people who get involved with the dope business do not like the violence associated with it. The power of big money and stupidity causes humans to do insane things to their own kind. This is probably the case with Will Strange. A young, reckless kid, who saw a little easy money, but didn't look far enough to see the horror. Now he wanted out, and Dave was paying a dangerous debt to the father to keep him alive and get him away from these vicious people.
The afternoon heat under the dinghy was horrendous. Sand fleas were eating away at my ankles and arms. It was rough not being able to move while the Bahamians were sitting on top of me. A half-inch of hand-hewn planking was all that separated us. The urge to rise up, grab the rum bottle, and take a big swig was almost unbearable. The bottle began to take on a lifelike quality, taunting, extolling me for cowardliness and weakness. The Bahamians left just before I lost the mind game.
The rest of the afternoon dragged by with a slowness only the paralyzed can truly know. At least in my case there would be an end to my discomfort, for them there is no end. The afternoon only gets longer.
The heat began to cool as the sun set. Thinking it safe, I eased from under the dinghy, looking carefully for any sign of movement. Nothing stirred in the coming twilight, and I hoped there was no moon.
Dragging the small boat into the water took little effort. Once afloat, I quietly pushed it ahead of me, swimming silently. When far enough away from the beach to go unnoticed, I climbed aboard. Unleashing the oars, I started the long pull to B.J.'s house on Lynard Cay.
The motion of the waves picked up. They came across the bar and rolled heavily into the Bight of Old Robinson. Rowing became a tiring and difficult job.
The distance across the opening to the lee of Coole Cay was about a mile and a half. Once across, total exhaustion set in on me. Lying in the bottom of the dinghy for rest, my back was in knots, my arms and shoulders felt as if they weighed a ton. My hands were cramped around the oars and would not open. My fingers seemed to belong to someone else and had turned a strange bluish-white. 
Slowly the muscles relaxed and the hands came away from the oar handles. There were two more miles to row, but now it would be easy going, as there were no more openings directly to sea.
I lay for a while on my back in the bottom of the boat looking up at the sky. The night had weight to it, warm and saturated with ocean air. There was no moon, and the stars were brilliant. As the dinghy turned slowly round and round on its own, the sky seemed to be revolving rather than me. Polaris was visible at its permanent spot with Cassiopeia nearby. All of the familiar constellations appeared, Auriga, Capella, Taurus, Canis Major, Orion, and Pleiades, forming a kaleidoscope of permanence. 
A flood of weariness came in dark waves. For an instant I felt alone and desperate. A gray cotton which was neither fog nor cloud suddenly covered my eyes. A net of moisture seemed to hang in the air. Icy pinpricks stung my face that was neither rain nor sweat or salt spray. They scared me.
Later I woke and felt rested. The surf pounded on the ocean side of the cays. Waves were breaking at Lynard Cay, throwing showers of spray high into the air like handfuls of diamonds being tossed by an unknown giant. The high surf indicated a storm far out in the Atlantic sending big swells rolling onto the outer cays of Abaco.
B.J.'s house was situated on the highest point of Lynyard Cay. Silhouetted against the night sky, it seemed a long way off. The water around the dinghy was alive with tiny creatures giving off a phosphorus glow. With each stroke of the oar blades, the water seemed as if it would burst into flames, leaving long streams of fire swirling away behind, an eerie, though beautiful sight to a lonely sailor.
There was a narrow sand beach at the bottom of the knoll below B.J.'s house. Pulling the dinghy up across the dunes, I hid it behind palmetto bushes. Sitting for a moment in the damp sand, leaning against the boat, the stars all of a sudden seemed drained of light so that I could not see the constellations. A weakness washed over me, my heart pounded, and the thought of death frightened me.
The climb up to the house was made with sheer will power. Only the thought of a bed and endless rest got me there. The key was where Dave promised, and I slipped quietly inside into the darkness.
The layout of the house was familiar, as I had visited here twice before, staying for a week at a time. It was a plain, comfortable home, designed strong against the hurricane winds. It afforded good ventilation, but with little glass, that kept it dark and cool. There was a single bedroom and, feeling my way along in the dark, I slid into the bed and was asleep in an instant.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

The aroma of coffee woke me. Opening my eyes to bright sunlight, a cool breeze blew across the bed. For a moment I could not figure out where I was or why. Then everything came rushing back. Lynn and Rene Renoir, Miami, Bimini, Nassau, the Sun Dog, Dave Billingsly, swimming, the dinghy, and rowing. The smell of coffee came to me, again. My senses must be playing games.
She walked through the door of the bedroom carrying a tray as if we'd been lovers the night before. A young woman with coal black hair and deep green eyes that sparkled with life. Her skin was tanned and blended with the lose strands of hair that shaded from mahogany to gold in the sunlight. She was short, barely five feet, and her smile showed even, white teeth. 
"My name is Kathy. I arrived early this morning. You were sleeping the sleep of the dead."
"Do we know each other?"
"No, Mr. Leicester, we do not." She sat the tray on the bed. "This house belongs to my brother-in-law. He allows me to use it. They don't come down much, my sister hates the isolation."
"How do you know my name?"
"Dave Billingsly is a friend of mine. He knew that I was going to be here for the next month, and he left a letter for me at the ferry dock in Marsh Harbor explaining the situation."
"Thats wonderful." 
"Have some coffee, then we'll get you cleaned up. You smell like a goat and those cuts need attention. There is a first aid kit here. Call me when you get out of the shower."
She disappeared through the bedroom door. She wore white shorts and a halter-top. The shifting movement of the soft cloth and the way she carried herself gave off an air of athleticism and confidence.
Feeling weak and sore, I thought about yesterday. I hoped the Snowpowder boys wouldn't find the dinghy missing back at Family Beach, or dig up my grave and find it empty. Running fingers through matted hair, I found a huge lump that was unfamiliar. It's been a rough few days.
The coffee helped. Swinging my feet off the bed, I felt pain radiate throughout my legs. The cuts were bad. Coral injuries have a tendency to heal slowly and almost always get infected.
Limping to the shower, I turned the faucets wide open. The stinging hot water felt like something sent from heaven, soothing and loosening sore muscles. I stood for long, blank minutes enjoying the cleansing effects, then suddenly realizing it was not the grime from sand and sea, but the face of Rene Renoir and the closeness of my own death that I was trying to wash away. 
Stepping out of the shower, Kathy stood there with a towel. Silent for a moment, she unsettled me by her stare as it moved from the top of my head toward my face and along the line of my jaw with a concentration I could feel physically like the caress of a summer breeze. Reaching my feet, her eyes cut back to mine and she threw her head to the side and laughed. It was a soft, low, breathless sound. Her eyes were half-closed in the mocking, conscious triumph of having embarrassed me. She turned and walked away, her black hair swaying with the wide circular movement of her stride.
Wrapping in a towel, I gingerly hobbled to the bedroom, hoping to fit into some of B.J.'s clothes. A pair of his pants proved tight, but would do. Kathy returned with bandages and antiseptic.
"Put your feet in my lap, this is going to burn."
She poured methylate into the cuts. It felt like fire, but it was necessary. Sweat beaded on my forehead.
Wrapping the wounds with cotton gauze, Kathy gave me a pair of white socks to put on. I found a pair of worn deck shoes and managed to squeeze my feet into them.
"Come, I'll fix you something to eat."
Over scrambled eggs, bacon, and fresh Bahamian-baked bread she told me about herself. A flight attendant for T.W.A. for eight years, she had married and divorced a Captain with the same airline. Recounting the events that led to the breakup caused her face to lose its clear, frank look; the expressions that played across it were too vague and fleeting to read. Her features seemed to relinquish some of their definition. It was as though she were looking at her past through a veil of fog.
She liked the isolation of the cays. No one bothered her here. It was only a twenty minute run to Marsh Harbor in the runabout if she got too lonely. There were friends at the Conch Crawl bar, or dinner at the Conch Inn.
Helping Kathy with the dishes, I spotted one of the fast cigarette boats, running full speed, round Pelican Point and head straight toward the house.
"If that's anybody you don't know, tell them you are alone and have not seen anyone since you've been here. I'll be under the steps leading to the ocean side of the beach."
There was surprise and fear in her eyes. "I understand. Now hurry."
The steps were steep and there was only enough room to squeeze beneath them. It would be a horrible place to die. Voices and footsteps sounded overhead.
"Jay, it's me."
"Glad to see you still alive."
"I don't have much time. Everyone thinks I'm visiting a girl staying on one of the cays. They seem to have bought your death."
Dave looked at Kathy. There was amazement on her candid face, then swiftly changed to one of resolve. She bit down on her lips, the way women do when they wanted to spread their lipstick evenly, and the line bracketing her mouth deepened. She suddenly looked very concerned.
"What's the plan?"
"Little Will is up to his neck in sharks. I'm doing everything to get him out of this Snowpowder business alive. If he tells them one more time that he wants out, they'll probably kill him. I need your help. It may get messy."
"Well, as the boy in the jetliner on that fateful September the 11th day, said, "Let's roll."
"The one that ordered you killed, the Snowpowder King, has no competition in the Bahamas. His blow is flown in to the outer cays and he's bribing Customs agents."
"Too bad."
"Yeah. Tell me again how you came to be snooping around the Sun Dog in Nassau?"
"Lynn Renoir's sister was killed with an overdose. Back tracking, I found she'd been aboard the boat. From what I can figure, she was supposed to have been disposed of somewhere around Nassau, but somebody botched the job. They ran her over to Bimini and put her aboard the seaplane to Miami. Someone called the Miami Police Department and told them she was on the way. I don't know how Rene ties in with these people or why they would want to kill her. There was no ransom demanded."
Dave scratched his chin, threw me a hard glance. "The Renoir woman I sent to you was having breakfast at the Conch Inn in Marsh Harbor this morning in the company of a female I've never seen before."
"You sure?"
"Positive."
"She was in Nassau the night I was shanghaied. She was supposed to stay out of the investigation into her sister's death. Did she recognize you?"
"She never saw me. If she's asking around and the Snowpowder King gets wind of it, she could be in serious danger."
"That's why I didn't want her nosing around. You can't baby sit them and work a case, too. But I'll have to worry about her later. What's your plan for Will?"
"A big load of dope is arriving tonight to supply a car rental convention starting tomorrow up at Treasure Cay. Fifteen thousand people are coming in. They plan to bring the Sun Dog in across the bar and anchor up behind Bridges Cay. I've arranged to buy ten kilos tonight at nine o'clock. I want you along."
"They know what I look like."
"We'll figure something. Be ready at eight-thirty. I've got to get back. See you tonight."
"You'll tell me the plan then?"
"If I figure it out." He cracked a sly grin. "Kathy, thanks for the help."
She nodded, said nothing.
Walking with Dave down to the beach, I asked if he thought Kathy could be in any danger?
He smoothed his hair with both hands, an angry spark flashed in his eyes, then his eyelids narrowed slowly. He looked at me and his face relaxed to a look of understanding at my question. "I can't see any. They don't know who she is or where she's staying. If there was the slightest chance of harm to her I'd move her out."
Pawing at the loose sand with a sore foot, I said, "For your information, the Renoir woman is worth over a billion dollars. She's about to take control of her father's business that previously has been handled by Joe Glossman in Ocean Springs."
Dave looked at me with hard, knowing eyes. "Yeah, Max Renoir. I knew him. But no ransom demand on her sister. Interesting."
We pushed the cigarette boat back into the water and he roared away.
Kathy and I stood in the kitchen watching the boat carve a foamy opening in the calm, emerald waters of the Sea of Abaco. The open wound slowly healed until soon all was as before, no trace, not even a scar left to what had passed before.
Shafts of sunlight slanted into the house hitting walls of polished Caribbean pine. There were a few pieces of hand-made furniture, a ceiling of bare rafters. An archway with some kind of carved hieroglyphics opened into the small kitchen with rough shelves, a bare wooden table made of one-inch thick planks, and there was a butane gas stove. The place had the primitive simplicity of a seaman's cabin, reduced to essential necessities, but done with elegant, modern skill and sat down smack in the middle of Valhalla.
With seven hours to kill, it was time to do some serious thinking. Sitting on the small couch in the living room, the drumming of the overhead fan began to pulse to a slower beat, like the throb of great engines below deck. They whispered the same warning over and over. The air grew weighted and all times felt troubled. A dangerous voyage was about to begin. 
Kathy came and sat beside me. Her breath, sweet and soft, brushed across my cheek. Her body shimmered under the white shorts snugged tightly around the smooth firm buttocks, like the promise of life itself. She was good company, and helped the afternoon pass quickly.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

A cool breeze blew through the house making it pleasant and comfortable. Looking north toward Cornish and Sandy Cay, I could see the mainland behind them. Two white markers used to line up the pass through the North Bar channel stood like sentinels. On the sloping hills of Abaco dark pyramids of Casuarina pines stood immovably straight in defiance of the seasonal hurricanes, their needles trembling in the sun and wind. 
I thought about Dave's brush with death on the reef at Sandy Cay. If it hadn't been for Karl Strange, he would have drowned.
A young woman's brother hired Dave to get her out of Marsh Harbor and bring her back to the United States. She'd gotten in over her head with a mean-tempered New York mobster who was running a money laundering operation in Abaco. She wanted away from him, but he wouldn't let her go, and there was a lot of abuse.
Dave made some mistakes, and one of the Italians chained him to a concrete block at low water on Sandy Cay reef. He left him there for high tide and sharks to finish the job.
Karl Strange risked his life to get him loose from the chain. At one point he thought Dave's foot would have to be amputated to get him out, and Dave urged him to cut it off. On his last attempt, Karl cut through a link in the chain. Dave owed him one.
Getting Will out from under the Snowpowder boys was one way he had of repaying Karl. How he worked his way into the dope pusher's inner circle, I had no idea. Always good at infiltration, it was his specialty when he was a Special Agent with the FBI. It was also his undoing. He got too close to his work.
Kathy brought coffee from the kitchen and sat back down on the couch. "Anything you want to talk about?" The sun threw broken bits of light across her face. She had a serious look of intimate concern.
"I'm working out some details. It's better you not know."
"I see."
"What's your last name?"
She threw her head to one side, black hair moving like pages of a book blowing in a stiff wind. "Peirce, with the 'e' and 'i' reversed."
"Yes, there was an artist from Maine, Waldo Peirce, spelled his name like that. I have some of his work."
"You do not?" The words were pronounced with a singular emphasis. "That's my grandfather."
"Small world."
"What works do you have?"
"A book illustrated by him, a painting titled, DEATH IN THE GULFSTREAM, and a lithograph of him by another artist. Not much really."
Kathy made me forget the reason I was here was to find the sadistic killer of Rene Renoir.
Dave arrived at eight-thirty. Meeting him down at the beach, I noticed that his long, narrow face and taught skin made it appear as if he had to stretch his facial muscles to keep his mouth closed. This gave a suggestion of sternness to a face that displayed nothing else.
There had not been a lot I could do to change my appearance. An old sailor's cap, a peacoat B.J. kept for cold days, and a pair of eyeglasses with the lens removed. Dave thought I could get away with it.
Pointing the cigarette toward Bridges Cay, we pulled in behind the north point of the cay out of sight of the Sun Dog. Dave shut the engine down, and we lay ahull in the calm waters in darkness so black it was scary.
A half-mile to the south, we could see the lights of the Sun Dog anchored in behind Bridges Cay. We had twenty minutes before Dave was to arrive and pick up his part of the load. I still did not know the plan for tonight.
The stars suddenly brightened to their full radiance. To the west, out over the shallow flats known as the 'Marls,' thunderstorms appeared as giant billowing pillars reaching sixty thousand feet into the night sky. Lightening illuminated each individual storm from the inside, making them look false, like a theater stage prop. Having fought my share of wars with these huge battlements that contain enough force to rip an airplane apart, I have seen them make cowards of the bravest of airmen, and make them wish desperately to be somewhere else.
The night was still warm. The peacoat, hot, even though I wore it unbuttoned. Sweat glistened on Dave's face. There was no breeze and the mosquitoes quickly found us. 
"Run me through the Nassau thing again."
It gave us something to talk about, so I repeated the whole story starting with how Lynn Renoir's concern for her missing sister led to Glossman in Ocean Springs and the Will that Max Renoir left. How Rene ended up dead in Miami from a gallon of drugs coursing through her veins. My meeting with Mako, and finally, getting caught on board the Sun Dog. 
"You should have known someone like Ignacio Sanchez would not leave a boat load of cocaine unguarded."
My mistakes did not need to be pointed out.
"There was a small arsenal of automatic rifles, AR-15s, with enough ammo to take Cuba."
"Another clue for you."
"Ignacio Sanchez I know that name."
"Used to run the strip joints along the coast, Biloxi, Gulfport."
"Of course. He's been gone since the big cleanup back in seventy-five."
"That's right. He and his brother ran the gambling, dope, and prostitution all the way from Bay St. Louis to Ocean Springs. Ignacio was the brains behind the operation. His brother, Miguel, the muscle. When it all went down, Miguel took the fall. He's still in prison at Parchman. It'll be interesting to see what happens when he's paroled. Word is, he wants to have a talk with his brother.
"So Ignacio moved to the Bahamas and went into the Snowpowder business, and the Dixie Mafia took over the coast until the big boys moved in with the legal 'Dockside' gambling."
"Exactly. But Sanchez is a lot smarter, meaner, and extremely deadly. We will take no chances with this scumbag. There's no way to know how many people he's killed. You came close, my friend. Your luck must be running good."
"Yeah, I've really got fine luck."
"They've moved everyone off Johnston's Harbor. All business will be conducted aboard the Sun Dog from now on. So, I think we're safe with your death and the dinghy being discovered."
"How deep is Will in with these people?"
"More than he needs to be. He's a good kid at heart. Saw a way for some quick money selling to rich tourists. Didn't seem wrong to him. Once Sanchez gets his hooks into you, there is no way out but dead."
"They never think beyond the money."
"Will wanted out when they pushed him to sell at the school. They threatened his family. That's when I got called in."
"How big is Sanchez's operation?"
"He's got six men working for him on Abaco, alone. Moving about seven kilos a week. There's a lot of heat around Nassau at the moment. That's why they've been working out of Johnston's Harbor. He's dealing all over the Bahamas. I haven't been inside long enough to know his distribution network, or where he's getting his supply."
"How did you get inside with Sanchez?"
"Will introduced me. My cover is that of a dealer from Memphis. I made an offer for fifty kilos at ten grand a pop. I've gotten forty kilos so far, and the rest is due tonight. Sanchez thinks I'm stashing it on a sailboat anchored in American Harbor up at Man-O-War Cay. I rented one of BYS's Endeavours and staying aboard."
"That's half a million dollars worth of blow."
"I paid in cash and that impressed Sanchez."
"You are using the counterfeit money from the Williams case, aren't you?"
Dave laughed. "Good guess. It would take an expert to tell the difference." He paused, rubbed both hands around the steering wheel of the cigarette. "There is something else you should know. I got word Sanchez plans to take back the Snowpowder he sold me. I would have been disappointed if he hadn't. He'll probably try tonight, after delivering the last ten kilos."
"I'm here to help."
"Nice of you."
"You want to tell me the plan?"
"There is only one way to end this." There was neither cruelty nor animosity in his face, only justice.
"Yes."
He meant taking out Sanchez and his crew. Suddenly we were about to become judge, jury, and executioner. This is a dangerous world. Sometimes one has to do desperate things to survive desperate situations.
"We can take it down there, on the Sun Dog, or we can do it on board my sailboat when they come to take back the cocaine. The problem with my boat is that Sanchez might not show up. Someone will come; it's too easy a target. I vote for the Sun Dog. What do you think?"
He watched my eyes, looking for some sign of disapproval, some weakness in his plan. He knew I would stay with him in the fight. We had been in some rough places together. We trusted each other.
"It's your show. I'll go along with whatever you decide. The Sun Dog is a good choice. Everybody's in one place and we know the layout of the boat."
"It's settled, then."
"What's our firepower?"
"Two full auto Israel machine pistols and two forty-four magnum revolvers with six inch barrels, like the one I killed you with. There's plenty of ammo."
"So how do we go about this war? We will be outnumbered and out gunned."
He explained what he had in mind. It seemed workable, but dangerous. We sat in the small boat fanning mosquitoes, sweat running down my back, waiting for the time to approach the Sun Dog. 
"Tell me about Kathy? She seems like a nice person."
"I did her a favor about six years ago. We met on a flight to Chicago, ended up going out to dinner. Strictly platonic. You know I don't fool around on Sally."
It was true, he didn't.
"She asked for advice on divorcing her flyboy. We've kept in touch."
"How did you connect her to Abaco?"
"She mentioned going to an island in the Bahamas to get away. Turned out it was here and, of course, I knew B.J., so that was that. She'd call every time she started down, see if we might be headed this way. That's how I knew she was going to be here this morning."
"Makes sense, but don't you think leaving a written message for her was dangerous?"
"You remember Mike Albury, the man who runs the ferry? Gave it to him and asked that he make sure no one but Kathy got it. That's as safe as you can get. Didn't want her to show up at the house and find you there."
"It was a good find."
He looked at the luminous dial on his watch. "It's time."

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Dave was so sure Sanchez was going to attempt to steal back the cocaine that the whole plan depended on it. He always had a sixth sense about things like this, so I decided to rely on his instincts. He'd been wrong before, but not often.
We planned to pick up the ten kilos of Snowpowder from Sanchez, and take it back to the sailboat anchored in American Harbor at Man-O-War Cay. After stowing it aboard, we'd run back down to where we could watch the Sun Dog. Traveling under cover of darkness was extremely dangerous as the boats running to Treasure Cay would be without lights and the closure rate is almost a hundred miles an hour.
If Dave was right, someone from the Sun Dog would leave around two or three a.m. and head for his sailboat. Rip-offs like this occur all too often. A lot of good undercover cops are killed as a result of this each year.
Undercover narcotics agents have my utmost respect. It takes a brave and dedicated person to do what they do for the money they are paid.
Our plan was to stay hidden behind Bridges Cay until we saw a boat leave the Sun Dog, then we would follow them to see if they were heading to Dave's sailboat. If they boarded the boat, we'd take them down. After that, we'd return and do what had to be done with Sanchez and his crew.
There was no way to know how many people would be aboard the Sun Dog on this night. If two or three went to steal the cocaine, and we took them out, then it would improve our odds.
The reality of the world is that there are evil people living in it. Tonight we planned to battle some of that evil.
When it was time for us to pick up the ten kilos from the Sun Dog, Dave asked me if I was ready. I nodded, not knowing if it was the truth. Sweat poured down my face, and the mosquitoes were driving me insane.
We eased down toward the Sun Dog. As we drew up to the stern, two men emerged armed with AR-15s. One I recognized as Barrel-chest. Keeping my head bowed, I stayed seated in the cigarette.
Barrel-chest pointed his rifle at me. "Who's he?"
"He works for me."
"The boss didn't say anything about another person coming with you. Wait until I check."
Sweat ran down my forearms. We were unprepared for a confrontation, and would be at a great disadvantage if there were a problem now. Our weapons were stored out of sight. 
Barrel-chest returned and motioned Dave aboard. He kept his eyes glued to me. Dave tried to distract him, but it didn't work. 
When Dave entered the salon, Barrel-chest motioned with his head for the other man to cover me, and followed him inside. The man stood over me with the rifle pointed at my head. Having a lot of experience with this weapon, I knew that firing on full automatic, it would disintegrate my head in a split second. 
After what seemed an eternity, Dave returned to the cockpit and started handing me the ten kilos of individually wrapped packages of cocaine.
Leaping aboard the cigarette, Dave started the engine and ran north for Man-O-War Cay. It was only then that I was able to breathe again.
"There were eight on board. Six men and the two women you saw in Nassau. It's too bad about the women."
They would complicate things. We did not want to harm innocent women, but in trying not to, we could give away the edge to Sanchez and his scumbags.
It was too noisy with the roaring of the engine and wind blowing to talk. The tide was high, and we were able to take a shortcut across the shallows.  At low tide there is less than a foot of water on the lee side of the cays. We ran in calm water so clear that the white bottom glowed in the dark.
Passing abeam Hope Town, we could see the candy-stripped lighthouse looming out of the night like some phallic symbol. Rounding into the narrow entryway of Man-O-War Cay, Dave made a hard right and entered into American Harbor, a protected safe mooring on the south end of this idyllic cay.
We tied the cigarette to the stern of the sailboat and off-loaded the cocaine, stowing it in empty spaces beside the engine. We wanted them to find it, but didn't want to make it too easy.
When asked about the other forty kilos, Dave said he turned them over to the local doctor who he knew to be above reproach. 
"What about the Police Chief, Robert Sweeting?"
"Bob resigned. Most of his men were on the take as were other local government officials. He was the last bastion of law enforcement on Abaco. Maybe the bad guys are winning after all?"
"So what about the women on board the Sun Dog?"
"Play it by ear, but remember, they can get you killed, and dead is dead." His face was cut by prominent cheekbones and by a few sharp lines, but it was not cruel, though it was unyielding and expressionless.
We headed back down to the Bight of Old Robinson and Bridges Cay to begin our surveillance of the Sun Dog. The peacoat felt good, now, running in the cool night air. Stars shined brilliant and we could see the outline of the cays off to our left, the mainland to the right. Passing the cuts to the open ocean, swells caused the cigarette to become airborne for seconds at a time. The sense of speed was exhilarating.
Nearing Pelican Point, we could see lights on in B.J.'s house. I thought of Kathy. Dave backed down on the power, and we idled along, hugging the shore of the mainland north of Bridges Cay. Easing by North Robinson's creek, we dropped anchor behind Riding Cay, which offered a good view of Sanchez's boat.
With binoculars Dave was able to see into the salon. We settled in for a long wait. At least the mosquitoes were gone. The hours passed slowly. We remained silent, drawn into ourselves, waiting for what was to come.
Watching the constellations make their way across the sky, I wondered at the imagination of the ancients who named them. My thoughts turned to Rene Renoir, seeing her face in the hospital, swollen and bruised, then in that cold, compassionless, steel-tabled morgue. 
Dave lay half-stretched across his seat, his fingers drumming silently to an unheard tune on the steering wheel of the boat. His head was thrown back, his eyes closed, body relaxed and still, but tension stretched the shape of his mouth on the motionless face, a deadly shape drawn in lines of anticipation for things to come.
"You want to tell me why?"
"Why what?"
"Why you sent Lynn Renoir to me?"
"You needed the work."
"You had people in your office who could have handled a missing girl."
He did not move, sat there staring at for a long time. His face had the quiet earnest look of a man staring at a question. 
"I sent her to you because I knew about Glossman's company handling Max Renoir's estate, and the terms of the Will. It was going to be a complicated case that needed someone with experience. You were the only one I could trust not to screw it up. But look where you are."
Shooting straight up in my seat like a spring uncoiling, I said, "How did you get access to Renoir's Will? I was only allowed excerpts."
There was a tense, cautious quality in the way he watched me. He made a single, brusque movement, and gripped the wheel of the boat tightly with both fists, like the gesture of some solemn pledge.
"I was still with the Bureau when the crash occurred. Max was involved with some top-secret work for the CIA in Central America. The NTSB asked us to investigate at the request of the CIA. That's when I got to see the Will. I thought it strange at the time, however we were looking for reasons an airplane crashed, not what a father left to his daughters. When the Renoir woman came to my office, I remembered the Will."
"You could have saved me a lot of work if you'd just told me all this up front."
His expression had a cracked hint of a smile, set and faintly suggested, but both veiled and purposeful. "No. It was better you dig it out for yourself. That way you might uncover something maybe overlooked if you had all the information to start with."
"Did you find anything unusual about the crash? Gene Arnold was a friend. I'd like to know if something happened he couldn't control."
"We didn't find anything. It appeared to be an accident. Look " He pointed at the Sun Dog. "They're boarding the runabout. Two a.m., right on the money. We'll give them five minutes. Odds are they go straight for the sailboat."
We watched as two men boarded the small boat. As late as it was, there was no doubt what they were up to; the delivery operations at Treasure Cay had ended hours ago. Two people were silhouetted in the door of the Sun Dog. The curtains were partly closed, and there was no way of knowing how many people were left aboard. At least one person stood in the cockpit and watched the boat roar away in the dark.
We idled back out of the Bight of Old Robinson and followed, hugging the shore of the mainland until safe from being heard or spotted. Once north of Bridges Cay, Dave opened up the engine to full throttle. Ahead, maybe a mile, we could see the phosphorescent wake of the other boat. It would be a thirty-minute run to Man-O-War Cay. I got everything ready.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

There were two entrances to the harbor at Man-O-War Cay and we stayed close enough behind the men to see which way they approached. We wanted to give them time to board the sailboat and also to lessen the possibility of being spotted.
Once passing Pelican Cay, they took a heading straight for Man-O-War Cay. This was good, as we could run close to the mainland, hugging the shore. Dave decided to go around the north end of Dickie's Cay and come down through the north entrance to the harbor. It would bring us past the main part of the settlement, and out of sight of the men we were tailing.
Man-O-War Cay could be summed up in one word, paradise. A mere two miles in length and a quarter mile wide, it is oriented in a northwest-southeast direction. It lay like a sleeping goddess. The Atlantic Ocean washes her north shore and the Sea of Abaco her south side.
Idling through the harbor, we could see the outline of Albury's boat yard where the seventy-foot wooden schooner, William Albury, was docked at the pier. We passed Government Dock, Edwin's Boat yard, and Norman Albury's sail loft.
Ghosting by the main entrance to the harbor, Dave pointed out his sailboat. We could see the men's cigarette tied to the stern. There were only four other boats anchored in American Harbor, and all were dark and quiet. Dave cut the engine and we drifted silently up next to the hull. Easing into the cockpit, careful not to make noise or cause motion, we could see the two men through the open hatch. They would never be accused of being overly smart. Having found the cocaine, they were helping themselves to big snorts of the white crystal powder, forgetting all else. Their weapons lay on the cabin sole out of reach even if they had wanted to make a play.
The expression on their face made me feel sad. Maybe they were the two who sat on the overturned dinghy and drank rum on Family Beach. The men were frightened of Dave, had seen him kill before, or so they thought. The white powder caked around their nose and mouth appeared comical.
Dave went forward, rummaged around in the Vee-birth, and returned with two pair of handcuffs. It struck me as funny that he could produce handcuffs out of nowhere at three o'clock in the morning on board a sailboat anchored in a small harbor two hundred miles out in the Atlantic Ocean. He looked at me with dark, deadly eyes. Not given to frivolity, the humor escaped him. He could see further into the night than I. The present was hard for me to comprehend, much less the future.
We cuffed the two men together around the mainmast, where it runs through the cabin and down into the keel. It was the most secure place and there was no way they could get loose. We would leave them until the business was finished back at the Sun Dog. If for some reason we didn't make it back, then someone would find them, eventually.
It was now after three a.m., and we had to hurry to beat daylight. We retraced our route back to Sanchez. The plan was risky, but it was the only way.
As we approached the Sun Dog, two men stood in the cockpit. Since they were expecting a cigarette boat to return, they weren't alarmed when we idled up beside the sportfisherman. 
We brought the two automatic weapons confiscated from the men on the sailboat along with the guns Dave furnished. We were ready.
Easing the cigarette around so that my side would pass close to the stern of the Sun Dog, Dave maneuvered to within a few feet of the two men. When one knows death is close it heightens awareness and the usual facts do not make sense.
There was a look of surprise and fear on the face of the man closest to me when he realized who we were. He snarled like an angry wolf as he raised his rifle to fire. Spraying both men with a full clip from the AR-15, I saw one fall overboard, and the other slump into the cockpit. Dave opened the throttle and we started a circle around the Sun Dog. The two women bolted from the salon door, one running around the portside, the other the starboard. Both were heading for the bow and carrying automatic weapons as if they were trained to use them. They were kittens at play, but tigers in battle.
Dave abruptly closed the throttle causing the cigarette to slow suddenly, settling bow first. We both fired at the two women. One of them got off a burst, hitting inches in front of the windscreen where I stood. If Dave had not shut the throttle off when he did
The two women were dead before they hit the deck. Dave throttled up again, and we started another circle, expecting Barrel-chest and Sanchez to come out firing. Instead, to our amazement, someone waved a white cloth out the salon door. Emerging slowly, with arms raised, Barrel-chest threw his weapon into the water. I had expected more from the man.
"Careful, Dave."
"Damn cowards."
Most of the people behind these kinds of operations hire someone to do the dangerous and messy work. Sanchez was proving not to be the exception. We were still wary, though. My ears were ringing, my heart was pounding, and I could feel the adrenaline flowing into my bloodstream. Any movement, a blink of an eye, and I would cut Barrel-chest in half.
Dave yelled, "Get Sanchez out here. Do it now, or you're a dead man."
Barrel-chest turned, said something to someone inside the salon. Sanchez appeared in the door and threw his rifle overboard. I boarded the boat while Dave kept me covered. There was no one else on board. Dave tied the cigarette off and climbed into the cockpit.
"So it was you," Sanchez snarled. "I should never have trusted you. Very clever, pretending to kill your friend, here. Smart, extremely smart."
He appeared to be in his early sixties. The structure of his bones and the looseness of his clothes suggested that he had once been muscular. The lifeless indifference of his eyes hid the fact that some degree of intelligence resided somewhere in his brain. The overall appearance was one of a wasted man who'd been sampling his own product.
"What is it we can do? You want part of my action? Together we could make plenty of money. I'll cut you in for fifty percent. What you think? We work together, yeah?"
Dave looked hard at him. He was edgy, angry, and I had no idea what he might do. "We want no part of your filthy operation."
Sanchez shrugged, the movement running through his body like a shudder. "Then what? I can get you anything. I have millions. What you want, Mon? Money, women, dope? What?"
Dave's finger tightened on the trigger, so I eased up and looked Sanchez in the eyes. "You want to save your life, tell me what the Renoir girl was doing aboard this boat? Who pumped her full of dope? And why?"
A strange, crazed look crossed his face, but he didn't say anything.
"I know she was brought to Bimini. Someone drugged her, beat her, put her aboard Chalk Airline, then called the Miami police and told them she was coming. You got ten seconds."
He shot an ugly look at Barrel-chest, then bellowed with a wild-eyed hatred. "You didn't kill her? You sent her to Miami still alive?"
Sanchez, standing beside the salon door, suddenly lunged inside for a gun lying on the deck. Dave shot him with a burst from his rifle, but not before he got off a shot at Barrel-chest. The bullet hit the big man in the lower right side and, from the angle fired, traveled upward, and exited beside the collarbone. The destruction to vital organs was evident as bright red arterial blood pumped in arcing spurts from the wound. He was a dead man, only he didn't know it.
Sanchez lay on the salon floor. His eyes were lifeless, as if they had seen nothing. They held no spark of excitement, no personal sensation, neither in defiance or of regret, neither of shame or suffering. They were empty ovals that held no response to life, ovals that held nothing but a dull, still, mindless death.
Barrel-chest slumped into the fighting chair holding onto the armrests with a death grip. There was a rigid stillness to his body, a body that sat too straight. It seemed broken, held with a slight, unnatural angel at his waistline and shoulders, the arms stiff but slanted back.
The effort not to move was turning the force of the violence against him, as if the motion he resisted were running through his muscles as a tearing, searing pain. His fingers convulsed, struggling to keep their grip on the armrests. I wondered which would break first, the fighting chair or the man's bones.
Taking the white cloth waved in surrender, I tried to stem the flow of blood. "Look, you tried to save Rene's life. It was you who alerted the Miami Police. You are not going to survive this. If you cared anything about the girl, tell me about it, now."
"Did she make it?" Blood foamed from his mouth.
"No, she did not. Do this one last thing before you die. Tell me about Rene Renoir." 
Five minutes later he was dead. I never knew his name, but what he told us was an astounding story, one that would take some time to absorb. 
Dave and I sat for a long time in silence, listening to the water lap against the hull of the sportfisherman. The night feeders made splashing sounds as they slashed through the dark sea after prey. To kill is difficult; the extinguishing of so much life is a troublesome thing. 
"It'll be light in an hour," Dave said in a tired voice. "Let's get the bodies below. We'll take the Sun Dog across the bar, out into deep water."
My emotions had clogged into a still, solid, opaque ball within me, which the thought of those who'd been killed this night could not pierce. They were simply the enemy to be destroyed. Taking the boat hook, I reached for the body of the man who had fallen overboard. He'd floated around to the starboard side. The night feeders were already working on him. We dragged him through the transom door into the cockpit like a two hundred-pound marlin.
We put all six bodies down below. The women were the hardest.  The very youngness of them moved me. They had no sense of the swiftness of life, nor of its limits. Such a waste. The cabin quickly began to take on the sweet, sickening smell of coagulating blood. I was ready to be through with this.
The bow of the boat was slippery with blood, but I managed to get the anchor up, leaving it lying on deck. The ignition key was in Barrel-chest's pocket. Dave climbed up to the Flying Bridge and started the engines. He motioned for me to follow in the cigarette.
We ran a mile offshore, into deep water. Dave shut down the engines, went below and opened all the seacocks. Quietly closing the salon door, he jumped into the boat with me. We watched as she settled low in the water. It is always sad to watch a good boat go down. Soon all we could see were the tuna tower and the outriggers. A minute later she was gone, leaving only a flat, calm sea, unfeeling, uncaring, and unforgiving.
I did not examine the events of this night, did not grasp their cause, and did not consider their consequences. I tried not to think. The clogged ball of emotion was like a physical weight in my chest, filling my consciousness, releasing me from the responsibility of thought. The ball was hatred  hatred was my only answer, hatred as the sole reality, hatred without object, cause, beginning or end, hatred as my claim against the universe, as a justification, as a right, as an absolute. 
"Let's get out of here," Dave said softly, as if not to anger the Gods of the sea.
It was the expression in his voice that showed total disgust with what happened, conveying the need to get as far away from this place as quickly as possible. To kill is a terrible thing, but how and why one kills is important, also. There are lines one cannot cross and return the same. This was one of those times.
False dawn was gone. Light was showing in the east. A line of thunderstorms was building out on the horizon, the same ones that formed over the Marls yesterday. It was a spectacular sunrise for those in the mood to appreciate it. The wind was from the northwest; the seas flat and calm. The breeze felt cold on my face. Dew formed on the boat, soaking through my pants, and the wheel was damp to my touch. We ran back in across the bar and turned north for Man-O-War Cay. The sun broke the horizon, its rays playing among the dark thunderstorms, causing fiery orange colors. 
Pulling up to the stern of Dave's sailboat, we tied the painter off and climbed aboard. The two men handcuffed to the mainmast wore a subdued look. Dave removed the shackles and made the two men sit together on the portside bunk. His face showed no sign of an inner struggle, the skin of his temples was pulled tight and the planes of his cheeks were drawn inward, seemingly more hollow than usual. A single artery beat under the skin of his throat. I was witnessing a man making a difficult decision.
Pointing to me, Dave said, "He wants to kill you both. I tend to agree. Did you really think you could come here and take this cocaine from me? Are you really that stupid?"
They both shook their heads in unison.
 "Killing you two would be a waste of good ammunition. So here's what we're going to do. Sanchez has decided to get out of the Snowpowder business, and so have you two. If either of you so much as spits wrong, I'll come back and do what I should do now. Understood?"
"Yes, sir," they both blurted out.
 We led them out into the cockpit and they started to get into their boat.
"No, you swim. The boat dock is about fifteen minutes away." He slid the bolt back and forth on a machine pistol, a round clicking into the chamber.
Both men jumped overboard and started swimming. We watched until they rounded the bend and were out of sight.
"How did you know they could swim?"
"I didn't."
We took both cigarette boats back across to the mainland of Abaco and tied up to the fuel dock at Marsh Harbor. The sun was above the water and, after the storms dissipated, low, swift-moving puffball cumulus clouds dotted the cobalt blue sky. It had the makings of a great day.
Dave contemplated the thick, bleached planks of the dock, then gazed toward an infinity of flat bright-green water mottled with pale greens and blues. "Let's go to Bobby's Bar and get drunk, drunk enough to forget this night ever happened."
"I'll buy the first round."

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Mr. Bobby's is a fisherman's bar. It never closes. Located on the waterfront inside the protected bay of Marsh Harbor, the bar has a three hundred foot long pier that runs straight out into the water. Fishing boats, charter boats, sailboats, and visiting yachts use the docking facilities. 
We walked into the dark, cool bar with its low ceilings and full-length doors on three sides, soon after sunrise. Aged fans turned slowly moving stale air. The bar was empty except for a lone female swaying and weaving in front of the old jukebox to 'Yellow Bird,' the Bahamian national anthem. Oblivious to the world, her bare feet, slim legs, and short skirt seemed to move of their own free will, revealing the panties she did not wear, the bra she never owned. She was made for smoky bars, cocaine highs, and ten-minute trips to the men's room.
A giant of a man stepped out of the storeroom carrying a case of beer. "What'll it be, gents?" he asked, without looking at us.
"How about better service to start with?" Dave growled.
The big man, putting the beer into the cooler had his back to us. He stiffened, remained motionless. Straightening up, he did not turn around, but bellowed a booming laugh that shook his entire body. Cocking a massive head to one side, he turned and looked through narrowed eyes. 
"I'd know that voice in hell. Mr. Dave, what you doing on the Well, I'll be, it's Cop'um Jay, too. What a pleasant surprise for this glorious morning. It's shore good to see you both. Mr. Bobby, he be out in a minute. He be glad to see you, also."
The big man, whose name was Skinner, came over and shook hands. We'd known him for years. Standing six feet five inches and well over three hundred pounds, he was a massive and powerful man. No one knew his exact origin, but rumor had it that his mother was from Cuba and his father a black Bahamian fisherman. He'd been orphaned as a child, and cared for by a local whore until he was ten years old. The whore died, and Skinner lived on the streets and around the waterfront until Mr. Bobby caught him stealing beer off his loading dock. Soon after that, Bobby adopted him. They've been together ever since, except for a short time when Skinner tried out with the Pittsburgh Pirates baseball team after being noticed by Roberto Clemente, who was on the island fishing for the giant tuna. A knee injury in the minor league ended the baseball and Skinner returned to Marsh Harbor.
"Bring us a bottle of cognac and a couple of those Cuban cigars Bobby keeps hidden away behind the bar."
"Yes, sir, Mr. Dave. I might even join you for a drink being as I'm so glad to see you."
He brought the cognac and cigars, and poured us each two fingers in short whisky shot glasses. Skinner made a toast, and we drank the hot, alcoholic brandy like ice water. He poured another two fingers, but none for himself.
Dave eyed the woman at the jukebox. "Would you see that we're not disturbed for a few minutes. We have some important business to discuss."
"Yes, sir, Mr. Dave. Don't worry about her, she belongs to the 'Sisterhood of the eternally medicated.' You can rest assured no one will bother you till you tell me otherwise." He walked over and said something to the woman who quickly left the bar, throwing hateful looks at us.
Dave bit the end off his cigar, picked up a kitchen match from the small holder on the table, struck it with his thumbnail, and slowly lit the aged tobacco. He looked at me with dark, serious eyes. "How are you going to handle this Renoir thing?"
"I haven't had time to think it through. The first thing is to call Glossman. I'll know more after that. Do you think we can believe Barrel-chest?"
"Dying men don't lie." He blew smoke up toward one of the ceiling fans, watching it disappear in a swirl.
"Yeah."
"Let's have a few drinks, then get some sleep. Tomorrow I'll help you make some plans." He poured more cognac. "Of course, I'll have to bill you at the usual rate."
"Of course."

***

An hour and a half bottle of cognac later we heard a loud commotion from the back of the bar.
"What's all the racket out here, Skinner? I thought I told you to keep the drunks quiet in the mornings?"
"Yes, sir, Mr. Bobby, but these drunks, they be a different breed."
Bobby appeared hitching up his britches, kept tied with a length of half-inch sisal rope run around the outside of the belt loops. Looking over at us with a frown, he said, "Well I'll be keel-hauled, look what the sharks dragged ashore. What are you two doing on the island?"
He came over and shook hands with a big, meaty paw as powerful as a vise. A stocky man about six feet in height, he had huge arms developed from years of fishing and diving commercially for crawfish. He was one of the strongest men I have ever known. Skinner was the only one ever to beat him arm wrestling, and Bobby would not speak to him for a week. He possessed a pair of eyes that could freeze your heart, and let you know he would back up what he said.
Bobby built this bar twenty years ago. It was soon after he'd survived a near drowning during a hurricane that sank the crawfish boat he was working on. He vowed never to go to sea again. He never has. Now, he is an alcoholic who drinks all day, every day, though I have never seen him drunk.
Sitting down with us, he motioned for Skinner to bring him a glass. He sipped slowly on the cognac. I could see it rise in him then, from somewhere in his stomach, that tyrannical craving for alcohol, hot and satiny and sedating. It made him lick his lips and squeeze his hands. He felt that something was expected of him, that our eyes were on him, measuring him, that here now was the chance to win back the respect lost that horrible day to the sea. We both loved this old man, but would never try to change him.
Half an hour later, Dave excused himself, saying he needed to talk to Karl Strange about his son, Will. I'd make the call to Glossman, and we would meet back here, then we'd get some sleep. 
After Dave left, Skinner came over and sat with Bobby and me. Skinner said he knew Will, and that he was a good boy. All boys go through that wild stage. He knew that the boy was messing with some bad people, but he didn't realize it was the dopers. If he had, he would have put a stop to it.
Bobby said that they tried to set up shop in his bar when they first started operating in the islands, but he wouldn't put up with it and ran them out. They did most of their business up at Treasure Cay anyway so it did not turn into a war. He said that they would keep an eye on the two from up at Walker's Cay that tried to steal back the cocaine.
The wind picked up outside and a salt-filled breeze wafted through the tall doors. Waves showed whitecaps in the harbor, appearing like fields of diamonds. The cognac began to act as a sedative; it had been a long night. Tension washed away like the waves beyond the door, and I began to feel like a human being again. If I was going to call Glossman, it had better be now.
"Do you still have to make calls to the states from the telephone office?"
"Yeah, up the road about half a mile. You remember?"
"If Dave returns before I get back, tell him I won't be long."
The bright sunshine hurt my eyes. My legs felt leaden and rubbery. The coral cuts were sore and oozing blood. Kathy's bandages needed changing. A quarter mile up the dusty road, a black sedan almost ran over me. Sitting on the passenger side was Lynn Renoir. The cognac numbed my senses, but it was Lynn. I could not see who else was in the car.
At the telephone office the operator assigned me a phone and put my call through to Glossman. His secretary seemed anxious to hear from me. Glossman came on the line immediately.
"Jay, we were worried. Is everything okay?"
I filled him in on all the information we learned from Barrel-chest. He listened quietly, making no comments. Ending the conversation, I related seeing Lynn headed for the airport only minutes ago.
He offered to send a plane down this afternoon, but I asked to wait until tomorrow so that we could get some rest and clear up a couple of things. Kathy Peirce was on my mind. He agreed and said that the plane would land around two p.m. the next day.
The walk back to Bobby's Bar took me past the big grocery store where the young children begged for money from the tourists. The goodhearted mainlanders who yielded to their pleas were doing a great injustice to them. A new hotel was being built on the east side of the road to attract more unneeded visitors to this quiet island village.
Dave was waiting for me. He looked as bad as I felt. We had one more drink while I filled him in on the conversation with Glossman. Bobby said if we'd show up at the bar around noon tomorrow that he would prepare a big seafood lunch for us. We appreciated the gesture and assured him we would be there.
I asked if he'd send Skinner down to B.J.'s house and invite Kathy to join us. He said he might go himself, being as she was so pretty. 
We took one of the cigarette boats back to American Harbor at Man-O-War Cay. We boarded the sailboat, Dave took the Vee-birth, and I fell into the portside bunk. We were asleep instantly.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

The gentle rocking of the boat woke me. Sun slanted through the starboard porthole. A fresh smell of salt air filled the cabin. My feet were itching ferociously from the coral cuts. Dave's snoring brought it all back. 
Lying still for a moment, feeling the movement of the sailboat tugging at the end of the anchor rode, I wondered why Lynn Renoir was on Abaco Island, and why had she showed up in Nassau at the Paradise Island casino? Did she know I was here, or was she simply following some lead concerning her sister? Why had she not been in contact with Joe Glossman or Bill Moran?
The sad thing about these questions was that if asked yesterday I wouldnt have known the answers, today I knew them all.
From the angle of the slanting rays of the sun beaming into the cabin it was close to noon. Glancing at my old worn Rolex, I saw that it was ticking past eleven a.m. Rolling out of my bunk, I lit the gimbaled stove and rummaged around for coffee and a pot to brew it in.
"There is no coffee," Dave grumbled from the Vee-birth.
"Not my idea of a way to run a boat."
Climbing out into the cockpit, I dove overboard. The cool water was refreshing. Struggling down to the white sand bottom, the water became colder. My ears popped, clearing my head. Rising slowly, I swam back to the boarding ladder, saltwater stinging my feet, however I knew it was cleansing the wounds and would help the healing process. 
Dave was taking a shower and, while he dressed, I rinsed off with fresh water. Feeling renewed, I was suddenly hungry.
"We're supposed to be at Bobby's by noon."
"Don't get in a hurry, you're in the islands, remember."
"Kathy's going to be there. I wanted to spend some time with her before we left."
"Figured as much. She's a fine lady, but you don't stand a chance. She's way out of your league."
"You let me worry about my league."
Bobby and Skinner did prepare a feast. Two tables were pulled together and piled with cracked conch, fritters, crawfish salad, and warm homemade bread. 
Kathy was there, standing at the bar talking with Skinner. She was dressed in a pair of dark slacks and a white blouse with hand-sewn red roses across the front. Her black hair was tied up in a ponytail with a red ribbon, and she wore a pair of hand-woven, leather sandals. Her green, bottomless eyes sparkled like the diamond-crested waves in the harbor. She turned and looked at me with a peculiar grace of motion that was slow, relaxed, and athletically feminine.
"How are the feet?"
"They're healing. I'm glad you could make it."
"Mr. Skinner's invitation was simply too tempting to turn down." Her expression was held to the soft hint of a smile, set and faintly suggested like a mischievous siren. 
We ate the seafood, washing it down with cool, red wine drunk from thick water glasses. Served in clay pitchers, the wine was sent to Bobby in the barrel by a French winemaker who owned a house on Man-O-War Cay. The cask was called a barrique, and held about fifty-seven gallons. The wine was velvet on the tongue and went well with the food. A good wine to drink during the day, it warmed us, but didn't make us drunk.
Before I knew it, it was time to go to the airport. Taking Kathy over to a corner, I said, "Look, I realize this is sudden, that we don't know each other well, but I'd like you to come back to Mississippi with us, now, on the airplane. You can finish your vacation on the Gulf of Mexico. I have access to a sailboat, we could sail to the out islands, be alone, and get to know one another."
"I don't know, this is so unexpected." The sparkle danced in her bottomless eyes. "I'd have to go to B.J.'s and pack I don't know."
"Skinner will run you down. You can be back in an hour. I'll hold the plane."
She looked deep into my eyes. "I don't promise anything, you understand?"
"Sure."
Karl Strange and his son, Will, volunteered to drive us to the airport. We said our good-byes to Bobby, thanking him for the lunch. Skinner agreed to see that Kathy got to the airport.
We arrived at the small terminal building just as Glossman's plane was landing. Windom was flying. After our greetings and introductions, I asked him if he'd mind stopping through Nassau on the way back. There was some important business that needed taking care of; the room was still rented at the Paradise Island Hotel, Glossman's ten thousand in cash, minus a few hundred, was in the hotel safe, and Gus' car needed to be returned. He said that some changes would have to be made to the flight plan, but it wasn't a problem.
Telling Windom that there would be a slight delay waiting for a third passenger, he frowned, and looked at me. "Well, I hope it's for a pretty lady."
Skinner drove up in a taxi a short while later with Kathy. He brought her bags over to the airplane. Windom looked at me and shook his head. 
Young Will came up to where Dave and I were standing. "Mr. Dave, Cop'um Jay. I just want to say there ain't no way to repay you for what you did. I see the light, now. I want to thank you. If you ever down here and need anything, you let me know."
Dave put an arm around him. "Forget it, Will. We've all got to learn, and you've had a hell of a lesson. We know you won't let your Pa down. We'll see you on our next trip across."
The boy had tears in his eyes. I shook his hand, but didn't say anything. It was Dave's show, not mine.
The flight over to Nassau was short. Kathy and I took a cab out to the hotel while everyone else waited at the airport. On the way, we stopped by the market place and Kathy bought two hand-carved teak statues that she said reminded her of us.
At the hotel, I picked up the money, paid for the room, and retrieved Gus' car. Pulling up at the marina, I found Gus a little more than irate. After belittling me for a good sixty seconds, he noticed Kathy standing nearby with a bemused expression.
"Gus, this is Kathy."
"Ah, hell, lassie, don't pay no attention to an old son of a sea dog like me. I been fussing at this young tar going on twenty years. I was simply worried about him."
Kathy leaned over and gave him a kiss. He dropped his cigar.
"Come on, Gus, we need a ride to the airport."
I asked Windom to fly back over Abaco Island. I wanted Kathy to see the whole chain from altitude. During the climb we turned north, passing over Paradise Island and the hotel where Howard Hughes secluded himself for several years in a codeine-induced haze, never seeing the intense beauty around him. Approaching the south end of Abaco the sky was absolutely clear and tinted a light blue so delicate you knew that if one threw a baseball far enough and hard enough it would shatter the sky into tiny hot shards. The combination of colors in the shallow waters around the cays, the blue and purple of the Atlantic Ocean with its sparkling field of diamond-topped waves was breathtaking.
"Jesus," Kathy murmured softly. It was all she said. It was enough.
Turning back to the west, we were high enough to see all the way north, past Green Turtle Cay, to Walker's Cay, then we could see Grand Bahama Island with the towns of Freeport and West End. Abeam Freeport, the Florida coast was visible.
Over the cabin speaker Windom announced we were currently passing through thirty-five thousand feet enroute to our cruising altitude of forty-one thousand and that our estimated time of arrival at Jackson International Airport was one hour, forty-two minutes and thirty-three seconds. Then he asked that I come up to the cockpit.
The aircraft was one of the new Falcon Fifties which have three engines. It was an airplane I was unfamiliar with and equipped with the latest state of the art flight guidance and controls, much more automated than the aircraft I'd flown on preciously.Windom got up out of the left seat and offered it to me. "B.W. will give you the fifty cent tour. I'm going back and flirt with that pretty lady."
We were at cruising altitude crossing the Florida coastline. To the south we could see the keys, all the way to Key West, lying in the blue water like pearls dropped by a child. Having worked a lot out of this area of the world, it brought back memories of flying that I sometimes missed so desperately that it hurt, and others I hope never to experience again. Thanking B.W. for his patience and answers to my many questions, I went back to the cabin.
Landing at the precise time predicted, we all applauded the crew. Taxing around to the Fixed Base Operation, we parked next to the terminal and remained aboard until the Customs agent arrived. It was after hours and we must have interrupted his dinner as he gave us all a hard time. Drugs are transported into the U.S. aboard aircraft, but on board a thirty million dollar corporate jet belonging to one of the most prominent men in the state? Customs is a hard job, I guess.
We retrieved Dave's car and drove to my house. I put Kathy's bags in the guest bedroom, and took a quick shower. Then we went to Dave's home. He'd called Sally from the plane and she had the steaks grilling when we arrived. It was a relaxing evening.
After dinner, Dave offered me a cigar and we walked out back and sat beside the kidney-shaped swimming pool and watched the automatic cleaner sweep along the bottom like some giant worm. Kathy and Sally were finishing up in the kitchen and would join us later.
"It's a terrible thing, what happened on Sanchez's boat."
"Let's not speak of it again."
"Agreed."
"I guess you are wondering what I did with the last ten kilos of cocaine?"
"I'm glad they weren't on board the Falcon when we went through customs."
"I took it over to Doc's place. He mixed it with cow manure and fertilized his tomatoes. Ironic isn't it?"
"I'd like to see how the tomatoes turn out."
Dave reached in his jacket pocket, pulled out an envelope, and handed it to me.
"What's this?"
"Fifty thousand in cash. I found a hundred thousand under the cabin sole on board the Sun Dog when I was opening the sea cocks."
"It's dirty money. I can't take this."
"It's payment for services rendered to Billingsly Investigations. I'll even write you a receipt if you want to share it with Uncle Sam."
It was no use arguing. 
"Something else on your mind?"
"You read Max Renoir's Will. What was the story on Rene?"
A thick forearm and a wide, knotty hand reached up and slicked back wavy, graying hair, muscles rippled in the hinges of his jaw, his eyes danced all around me. "I don't remember a thing about that part of the Will."
"You're lying."
His thick eyebrows arched up and seemed to hold a secret amusement. "Alright, hot shot, but you didn't get this from me."
When he was through, I watched the giant worm slowly work its way up the side of the pool, and said nothing.
Kathy and I left around midnight and drove back to my house. She slept in the guest bedroom. I dreamed of making love to her on Family Beach with sand fleas and flies biting me, my feet bleeding, but I didn't care.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

The red digital numbers on the clock beside my bed glowed 4:30 a.m. I tried to drift back to sleep, but gave up at five o'clock and eased out of bed. When my feet hit the floor the coral cuts rudely reminded me of the past few days.
Trying not to make noise, I padded to the bedroom where Kathy slept. The door was open and the outline of her small, compact body showed under the sheet. Her breathing was slow and regular. I stood watching her, thinking of Lynn Renoir and how two such wonderfully beautiful women could be so different.
Quietly shutting the door, I went to the kitchen and made coffee. Morning was breaking in the east like fresh paint. Taking a cup of the strong brew out back, I sat on the patio and listened to the birds. The early feeders were easily recognized by their chirps. There were cardinals, tufted titmice, blue jays, and mockingbirds. It was a peaceful time of day.
The sky brightened and the colors above the tree line changed from black to gray to blue in a matter of minutes. At the top of a cottonwood tree a squirrel ate seeds from the blooms. The rapid pulse of a strobe light and a faint contrail high up among the cirrus clouds painted a silent picture of an airliner ghosting its way to New Orleans. A dog barked in the distance, and downtown, at the railroad yard, the heavy clanging of a switch engine cried urban life.
It was going to be a clear, cool day, a good day to travel to the Gulf Coast of Mississippi. Joe Glossman was expecting me. Kathy and I would drive down. We planned to spend a week aboard Guy Robins' sailboat, Picaroon, exploring the offshore islands.
Going back inside for a refill, I found Kathy standing at the kitchen counter wearing one of my robes, pouring a cup of coffee. 
"Good morning." She flashed a smile and pointed to my empty cup with the coffeepot.
"Yes, thank you. Hope I didn't wake you."
"No."
"Let's go out back."
"You don't mind me wearing your robe?"
"Consider it my contribution to the modesty of the feminine gender."
We sat on the patio drinking the hot coffee, thinking our own thoughts. It was light now, and I could see the individual spiny leaves of the pine trees against the cobalt sky. This was spring in the south and, except for early fall, the most pleasant time of the year.
"You thinking about the Renoir woman?"
"Yes."
"You want to talk about it?"
"No."
"Do you think it will take long to finish?"
"It should be over tomorrow morning."
She sat in the patio chair, her feet curled up, and the shiny black hair a sharp contrast to the white robe. She was truly a beautiful lady.
"I'm looking forward to sailing to the barrier islands. That fort you told me about, the one twelve miles off the coast, it should be interesting."
"Fort Massachusetts on Ship Island."
"Right."
A friend who owned a rental car agency had two Gulfport cars, a sedan and a Mustang convertible. I took the Mustang.  It would be doing him a favor returning the car to the coast, it afforded me free transportation, and I could retrieve my airplane from McDonald Aviation.
The sun warmed and we made the trip with the top down. The drive took three hours. We called Guy Robins from Lil' Ray's seafood restaurant. He would meet us at the marina in an hour.
Joe Glossman's secretary confirmed the meeting was on schedule for three o'clock this afternoon.
We arrived at the Broadwater marina; slip 117, at the same time Guy Robins drove up. Kathy and he seemed to hit it off. We went aboard Picaroon. He gave me the keys to the engine and hatch cover. 
"Come, Kathy. Let me show you around the boat. Jay knows the layout, hell, he taught me how to sail her."
Settling in the portside of the cockpit, I watched the people walking past admiring the boats docked in the marina. Several charter-fishing boats were returning from half-day trips loaded with their catch of red fish, snapper, and speckled trout.
Rubbing my hand along the combing, I remembered the day Guy bought Picaroon from the original owner. He did not like the name of the boat, but it is unlucky to change it, so he didn't. Guy was superstitious. She was a well-founded forty-foot, double-ended, steel-hulled, Colvin Archer design with a full keel, and sloop rigged. A strong and seaworthy, bluewater boat, she was a true pleasure to sail.
"It's a lovely vessel," Kathy said as they emerged from below. "There's so much room."
Guy looked at me. "Our house tonight, eight o'clock. We'll blacken some redfish."
I looked at Kathy, she nodded. It was settled.
Guy left to return to work. We stowed our gear aboard Picaroon.
"He seems like a nice man. He admires you, Jay."
"Yes. We've been friends a long time. You'll like his wife. I was in love with her once, but it was a long time ago."
She gave me a sly grin. "I may be jealous."
"You'd have no reason. My meeting is at three o'clock. It should not take over a couple of hours. Will you be all right, here, alone?"
"I'm a big girl, Mr. Leicester. Picaroon and I will get acquainted in your absence."
"If you need anything the phone has Guy's number on the speed-dial."
"Yes, he showed me. Don't worry, I'll be fine. Hurry back."
Driving east toward Ocean Springs and Glossman's office, I did not notice the new casinos and huge hotels recently built along the highway, or the heavy traffic, or the for sale signs on old, columned mansions with giant water oaks in the front yard, or any other of the terrible things dockside gambling has brought to this once peaceful coast. My thoughts were about the unpleasantness that had to be dealt with in this meeting.

***

It was close to five o'clock before we finished with everything that needed to be discussed. Plans were made to resume the next morning at nine a.m. Lynn Renoir would be there and arrangements were made for other persons involved to be present. Glossman said he would send a plane to pick up Lynn. The agenda included a final report from me on the death of Rene, and then the signing over of control of the Renoir Company and its vast holdings to Lynn. It would make her a rich and powerful woman. This was a meeting for which I would not be late.
Arriving back at the marina, I found Kathy sitting in the cockpit sipping champagne.
"How did it go?"
"It ran longer than expected. I hope you weren't bored?"
"On the contrary. I've had two offers to sail to Florida, an overnight fishing trip to somewhere called Cat Island, and one I cannot mention in mixed company."
"You weren't tempted?"
She laughed. "Maybe on the Cat Island thing. He was a good looking guy."
We sat, sipped the champagne, and watched darkness descend swiftly on the quiet harbor. The only distraction was the ever present humming of highway traffic, blowing of car horns, and squealing of brakes. 
Shortly before eight, we secured Picaroon and drove to Guy Robins' house. Kathy and Mildred Robins were fast friends ten minutes after they met. Guy and I went out back to cook. He worked his magic blackening the red fish. The entire evening was pleasant. Dinner was superb with a lightly chilled 1998 Soave Classico superior from Verona, Italy. We stayed until midnight.
We drove back to Picaroon and parked in one of the spaces reserved for slip 117. The headlights from the car illuminated the stern of the boat and something else, a man trying to get into the hatch. He didn't seem to be concerned about the headlights.
Telling Kathy to stay in the car, I cut the lights and reached for my trusty old .357 magnum. It was not there. Then I remembered putting it below with my gear this morning. Easing out of the car, I walked to the edge of the pier. The figure still had his back to me, oblivious to the world around him. Jumping into the cockpit, and grabbing the man, I felt the cuts on my feet open up.
He was an old man smelling of gin and cigarettes. His blurry eyes looked at me with little understanding. He had wet himself.
"It's okay, old timer. You're on the wrong boat."
"By God, laddie, I might be. My boat is the Gin Mill. Would you point me that way, kind sir?"
"What slip number?"
"I believe it is 121."
After getting the drunk settled aboard his boat, I returned to Picaroon. We opened all the hatches and portholes to let the gentle breeze cool the cabin. Taking off my shoes, I saw that the cuts had not bled much, which meant they were healing.
"Jay, I'm going to bed. I know you have a rough day tomorrow."
"Take the Vee-birth. I'll see you before I leave."
She kissed me gently, softly, and went below.
An hour later, I eased down the companionway ladder and lay quietly on the portside bunk. Kathy was snoring softly; the accordion door separating the cabins half closed. The boat gently rocked on its mooring. I slid into a restless sleep.

CHAPTER TWENTY

A warm hand touched my face. Half asleep, I turned into it as one does a lover's caress. Then I bolted upright, grabbing the arm roughly and twisting. 
Kathy rolled with the motion, went from a grimace to a smile as I lessened the grip. "Remind me never to wake you again. Coffee is ready." She rubbed her wrist, brushed a hand through her hair, and smiled with an expression that held secret amusement.
"What time is it?"
"Seven-thirty." Her mouth formed a sensual shape that reminded me it was good to be alive. "Would you like some breakfast?"
"Thanks."
Saying good-bye to Kathy, I left for Ocean Springs. Traffic was horrendous along the four-lane highway. Giant casinos were built on almost every available foot of beachfront property, some of the hotels bigger than those in Las Vegas and Atlantic City. One bragged of seventeen hundred rooms, the sixth largest hotel in the nation.
Dockside gambling, something I've never understood the definition of, had saved the economy on the coast, but it brought with it the evils inherent to the industry; the Mafia, drugs, prostitution, corruption, inflated real estate, and violent murder in all its hideous forms. 
Passing by the Biloxi lighthouse, I could see Moran's Art Studio off to my left. The sun was blinding as I crossed the Biloxi Bay Bridge that withstood, for the most part, the ravages of Hurricane Camille in nineteen sixty nine. 
Pulling into the parking lot of Joe Glossman's office, I sat for a moment enjoying the fresh, salt-tinged morning air, listening to the ping of the car's engine as it cooled. The building was in a trendy, rehabbed district, where the exteriors of old homes were converted into cafes, artist's studios, and shops. Down the block was the museum hosting the works of Walter Anderson, located next door to the community center where his infamous murals have been restored and revered. Taking my files, I got out and walked into a moment I'll never forget.
Glossman's secretary ushered me quickly into the inner office. Bill Moran stood beside Joe's desk, leaning over, conferring with him. To my left, sitting on a small sofa, were two men who, to the trained eye, had Federal Agent written all over them. They stood when I came in, arms at their sides, jackets unbuttoned.
Glossman stood and shook my hand. I nodded at Bill. "Good, you are early. This is Agent Evans and Agent Mallory, from the FBI office in New Orleans. They are the two who did most of the leg work for us."
The two agents extended their hands. Both had strong, firm handshakes. Dressed in dark suits, white shirts, and red ties, they seemed in top physical shape. One had black hair and hard, brown eyes, and a Jay Leno chin. The other was blond with a crew cut that I admired. His eyes were clear, blue, piercing, and almost acquisitive.
"Mr. Leicester," Agent Mallory said. "I've read your dossier. You lead an interesting life." He looked at me, and then I noticed something about him. The sleepy appearance created by his drooping lids was deceptive, for the eyes beneath were alert and hard and calculating. 
"My dossier ?"
Glossman spoke. "Jay, have a seat. There are some things we need to discuss before Lynn arrives."
Sitting down in the plain, though elegant office, I lay my small, flexible briefcase on the floor beside the chair and admired, again, the Moran painting behind Glossman's desk. The office reeked with the after-shave of five men. I wanted to open a window.
Bill Moran came and sat across from me, leaving a high-backed, leather chair between us. There was a tension in the room that had an electric quality. The cool leather on the arm of my chair felt expensive, and the deep pile of the carpet gave me a feeling of walking on air. Looking around the room, I felt financially inept and uneducated.
Glossman pressed a button on his desk and immediately his secretary entered with a silver tray that held delicate cups and saucers and an urn filled with coffee. There was an extra cup for Lynn, who was now five minutes late.
We finished our business and Glossman turned behind him and picked up a small white phone. He spoke softly for a moment, then replaced the instrument back on the credenza. "The airplane was delayed coming out of Jackson. Lynn left our hangar ten minutes ago, should arrive momentarily."
Lynn was escorted into the room a few moments later. I had forgotten how truly beautiful this woman was; the blond hair, blue eyes, high, sharp, cheekbones, little makeup, long firm legs. All this, added to the perfectly proportioned six-foot frame, created a synergism that would make most men cater to her every wish. She wore the same musk oil perfume that had so overwhelmed my small office on her first visit.
As if on command, we all stood when she entered. She looked quickly at me, then at the two other men, and at Joe Glossman and Bill Moran. There was an interval of silence, and when she sat down I heard the faint rustle of wool over nylon as she crossed her legs, the movement raising her skirt to uncover her lower thigh, its white flesh darkened by her stockings. The glimpse wasn't provocative, but struck me as something I wasn't supposed to see. I fastened my gaze on her face.
Glossman intoned in a fatherly voice. "Lynn, before we begin our business meeting Jay will give us his final report on Rene's death. When he concludes, we will move on to the changeover of your father's company and Jay can leave us."
"Very well." She settled comfortably, confidently into the confines of the leather chair. Crossing her legs, again, the skirt rode even higher on her thighs. Tugging self-consciously at it, she looked at me silently for a moment. It was an odd look, as if from a great distance. "Jay, I'm so glad to see that you are okay. Joe told me there was some trouble in the Bahamas. I traveled to Nassau, but could never locate you. I know you said not to come, but I just couldn't stay home." 
"I saw you at the Paradise Island casino, and on Marsh Harbor."
There was a tense, cautious quality in the attentive way she watched me, and the faintest contraction of her mouth showed that the statement was like a blow across an open wound. "But why didn't you ?"
"You were on the move, I couldn't catch up with you."
She looked calmly, straight at me with the faintly proud look of stressing her calm, but it cracked a little, in the faintest change of her voice. "I'm sorry I missed you."
"Maybe we better get started," Glossman said, nodding to me. "Let's have your report."
Lynn concentrated on the nail polish of her index finger.
Reaching for my brief case, I shuffled some papers. "Lynn came to my office two weeks ago requesting that I locate her missing sister, Rene." Monotonously I plodded through the events leading up to the identification of the body in a Miami morgue by Lynn, casually mentioning that Steve Henderson and I lifted a set of fingerprints from the body, and that Steve sent them to the FBI Identification Division in Washington, D.C.
Watching Lynn closely for a reaction to this information, I saw that there was none. She continued to pick at the fingernail, waiting for me to continue.
"Rene Renoir was put aboard an airplane in Bimini. She was drugged, and she was dying."
Lynn folded her hands in her lap, drew her knees tightly together, cocked her chin ever so slightly, and struck a pose of steely self-containment.
"Following her trail from Bimini back to Nassau resulted in my being kidnapped, transported to Abaco Island, and ordered killed by the same individual responsible for Rene's death."
Pausing, I watched Lynn carefully. She uncrossed and crossed her legs and concentrated again on her fingernail. There was no other reaction. The Federal Agents were silent, attentive. Glossman and Moran stared at me.
I continued. "That individual's name was Ignacio Sanchez, a smalltime scumbag running dope throughout the Bahamas. He is dead, along with a few of his operatives who were killed during a drug deal that went bad."
There was a perceptible change in Lynn's posture. She raised her head a little and looked at me. It was only a glance. Then she looked at Glossman and spoke. "Well, I guess that finishes it. Poor Rene met the wrong people. It got her killed. She was unlucky, and it is very sad." There was coldness in her voice, and her face hardened as if in open admission of some forgotten pain.
Maybe it was only I seeing her reactions, reading something into the situation because I knew the truth. Maybe there is no difference in voice patterns, body posture, or galvanic skin response. Maybe it is all in the imagination of the observer.
Glossman leaned back in his chair. "Are you sure it was this Sanchez fellow who had Rene killed?"
"Yes, Mr. Glossman, I'm positive. But there is more."
"Proceed."
"One of Sanchez's henchmen, a local Bahamian we knew only as Barrel-chest, made a dying confession detailing Rene's death."
Lynn suddenly turned with a brusque, brief movement toward me. "You were there when Sanchez was killed?"
"Yes. Dave Billingsly and I were there.  We both listened to every word Barrel-chest uttered as his lifeblood drained away."
Glossman looked at me and nodded. Lynn saw this, and for the first time outwardly showed some perplexity. Her face paled to a look of confusion, a crack in the armor. Looking at her reminded me of a scene straight from Hamlet. I had the leading role and didn't want to miss a cue or drop a line.
"When Lynn first came to my office, she was advised that I work alone. Having an amateur involved is dangerous. She chose not to take that advice, and could have endangered all of our lives."
"My sister was dead, I had a right to try and find out who murdered her." She spoke slowly, as if lashing me with her words, but the emotion was one of a useless effort to defend her actions.
There was a soft tap on the door of Glossman's office. His secretary entered, walked up to my chair and handed me a folded sheet of paper. Smiling, she patted me on the shoulder, turned and walked out, closing the door. Glancing at the note, I put it under the papers in my hand pretending it was of no importance, although it was extremely helpful at the moment.
"Why don't you relate to us what this Barrel-chest fellow said as he was dying."
"Yes, Mr. Glossman, but first I'd like to ask Lynn why she failed to tell us she flew to Miami on the day Rene sailed aboard the Stede Bonnet?"
It was the first challenging question, and I saw the look of a peculiar pain growing in her eyes. Things were taking a vastly different turn from what she was prepared to deal with this morning. 
"I didn't think it important. I flew down to wish her Bon Voyage. When I got the card a couple of days later, I had no reason to think anything wrong." There was no sound of honesty in her voice, no tone of truth or falsehood, only indifference.
Reaching over, I lay the copy of her round-trip airline ticket to Miami on Glossman's desk. Bill Moran picked it up and sat back in his chair reading it. The ticket had been paid for with Lynn's American Express credit card.
"Barrel-chest, Jay," Glossman prodded.
"He was the one who botched the kill on Rene. His orders were to do away with her while Sanchez spent a couple of days with a lady friend on Abaco Island. For some reason known only to him, he felt sorry for Rene, didn't want to kill her."
The two FBI Agents shifted in their seats. Glossman leaned back in his chair. Bill Moran threw the copy of the airline ticket on the desk, turned and looked at Lynn.
"Go on."
"He couldn't kill her, so he pumped her full of drugs, hoping to keep her sedated, blank her memory, until she got back to the states. Out of sight, out of mind, so to speak. Only he gave her too large a dose of drugs. It killed her. When Sanchez learned Barrel-chest didn't dispose of Rene as ordered, he went into a rage and shot him."
There was silence in the office. Every eye focused on Lynn Renoir. She drew on the rich blue-blood Southern heritage, both a gift and curse, that old rigorous restraint of emotions. I watched her grapple with her rage, then gain leverage, and subdue them, all in the space of seconds. I wanted to applaud her triumph.
"Finish it up, Jay."
"Barrel-chest told us Lynn ordered the kidnapping and killing of her sister, and it was she that Sanchez spent the two days with in Abaco."
She leaped from the chair and stood directly in front of me. The fury in her cold, icy eyes was evident. She trembled all over, the same way that she had done in the bar in Miami the day she identified her sister's body. "My sister has been murdered by some drug pusher and, because of your incompetence, you accuse me of having something to do with it?" She remained standing before me as if consciously letting me see that she had nothing to hide. Her fists were clinched, feet spread slightly apart. Under different circumstances, she would have been sexy and alluring in her arrogance.
"Sit down, Lynn," Glossman ordered. "Maybe you better get it all out, now, Jay."
She settled into the seat, her dress rising past her knees, ignored this time. There were whispers of silk on nylon, and a teasing glimpse of her thighs, a mystery that made most men light headed.
Standing, I looked at a sheet of paper in my hand. Pointing directly at Lynn, I said, "This woman is not Lynn Renoir, she is Rene." 
All eyes turned to her. The FBI agents sat up straight. Bill Moran leaned forward and studied her face. In the second that she grasped what I'd said, her body sprang upright in the chair with a single curve of motion, immediate and violent like a cry of rebellion. I paused, watched her fight for control. It was not a simple struggle, or a brief one. She looked at me, wordless. She was afraid, too scared to hide it. She gripped the edge of the chair with the fingers of both hands. The blood squeezed from them, leaving them white, the nails blue. The spasm of fear was stronger than her grip. Despite trying, she kept trembling.
"The fingerprints we lifted from the body in the morgue were identified as Lynn Renoir. Once this was learned, the rest was easy." Lifting the note Glossman's secretary handed me; I read the name printed on it aloud. "The plastic surgeon is waiting outside the door to tell us what he did to your face so that it would resemble Lynn's. Would you like for him to come in?"
With the embarrassing helplessness of words a person knows to be meaningless, Rene said, "I would like my lawyer, please."
Glossman looked at the FBI agents. "Gentlemen, she is all yours."
"Joe, I " she said, pleading, as one would say to a dead friend the words one regrets having not said in life. "Please, I "
He held up his hand, cutting her off. He did not want to listen. Turning to the agents, he said, "Take her out of here."
She was read her rights, handcuffed, and led out of the office. Glossman sat down heavily in his chair and stared at the ceiling. Bill Moran looked at the floor. We were silent for a long time.
Glossman ran a hand across his face. "She was good, she fooled me, and I knew them better than anyone. Her own sister. For what? Money? God help the human race."
Driving back to Picaroon and Kathy, the only thing I could think of to tell myself was to remember, remember it well. It is not often one can see pure evil, look at it, remember it, and some day maybe we'll find the words to name its essence.

EPILOGUE

We lay to a single anchor on the backside of Chandeleur Island twenty miles off the coast of Biloxi, Mississippi in the Gulf of Mexico. The sun was low in the west. It would be a good sunset if the haze over New Orleans didn't obscure the final descent. The wind was calm, now, down from the fifteen knots that had beam-reached us all the way from the Broadwater Marina.
The sail over was delightful under clear skies and mild temperatures. We left the marina at dawn. Guy and Mildred Robins came down to see us off and brought a big thermos of coffee and fresh homemade biscuits.
Promising to take good care of his beloved Picaroon, we quietly slipped the lines and motored out into the Mississippi Sound to a glorious day. Rounding the head of Ship Island by noon, we set a course to the west of Chandeleur so that we could come up on the lee side. Raising the north end of the half-moon shaped island by midafternoon, we sailed down its thirty mile length to North Cut, then anchored up close to the white sand beach in eight feet of crystal clear water.
The island is narrow, a quarter mile at its widest. We could hear the soft murmur of the surf, see the seabirds feeding on the tide line. There were brown pelicans, long billed marsh wrens, terns, and gulls. A heron, tiny in the distance, stood like a figurine at the edge of the water on the backside of the island. The birds have a harder life than we do. Why did God make birds so delicate and fine? Bad weather can be cruel to the small birds. Most of the time the weather is kind and beautiful on the out islands, but she can change so suddenly with the violent thunderstorms and seasonal hurricanes and the birds are made too delicate for the harsh weather. 
We brought a bottle of champagne up into the cockpit. Man-O-War birds soared effortlessly high among the fleecy mare's-tails that foretold of coming weather. A jet contrail appeared, then dissipated as if my magic on a course toward Miami. The straw gold color of the wine glistened in the afternoon light, tiny bubbles racing to the top of the flute-shaped glasses.
Kathy sat close, snuggled into my arms, her back to me. She was quiet, watching the sun sink lower into the haze. "Did she really kill her own sister to get control of the company?"
"Yes."
"Do think she had anything to do with the death of her parents in the airplane crash?"
"We'll never know for sure, but I'll always believe Rene Renoir and Ignacio Sanchez had something to do with it."
"Did she do something really terrible as a child that caused her father to cut her out of his Will?"
"What the Will said, was that she had a deviant personality that was borderline psychotic. It was complicated and involved her being an unwanted child with her sister the favorite of both parents and them letting Rene know about all of it. Whether it had anything to do with the mental state of the young girl, I have no idea. By the time she was thirteen she was uncontrollable and known as a "Partygirl" and a "Playgirl." Read whore. She wanted to be a movie star. She bounced from men to men, motel to motel. Hung around strip clubs, cheap dives, and frequented bars where she hustled drinks and dinner off strange men for the thrills. She told incredible lies. Her life was indecipherable." Kathy turned and looked at me with a frown. "Oh, I instinctively understand that life. I've seen it too many times. It was a chaotic collision with male desire. Rene Renoir wanted powerful things from men, but could not identify her needs. She reinvented herself with youthful panache and convinced herself she was something original. She miscalculated. She wasn't smart and she wasn't self-aware. She recast herself in a cookie-cutter mold that pandered to long-prescribed male fantasies. Rene Renoir was bushwhacked by the Sanchez brothers. She turned herself into a clich that most men wanted to bed and a few wanted to kill. She wanted to get deep down cozy with men. She sent out magnetic signals. The Sanchez brothers were men with notions of deep down cozy cloaked in rage and viciousness. Her only act of complicity was a common fait accompli. She made herself over for men. Max Renoir knew all of this and was powerless to stop it."
"Little girls are sometimes like fragile flowers, Jay. They can be hurt very easy."
"Well, Max tried everything, the best medical help money could buy, but it didn't do any good."
Kathy got up, walked to the stern of Picaroon, and sat with her feet hanging over the boarding ladder. "Are you defending his actions with the child?"
"I'm telling you what happened." Maybe I was defending Max Renoir. The ruined young woman lying on the slab in the Miami morgue, the dead people aboard the Sun Dog lying at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean, all the senseless violence, came flooding back. I had to defend somebody.
Walking over, I stood behind Kathy and put my arms around her. She leaned back against me. The sun sank into the haze, turning the sky a fiery orange, and the water around the boat faded to the color of molten lead. A redfish rolled behind the stern, showing the black spot on its tail. Further out, two dolphins worked a shoal of mullet.
Kathy turned around and looked at me. "How did Rene get Lynn to come to Miami?"
"She convinced her to come down and see her off on the voyage. Rene had healed from the plastic surgery by then, and she returned on the airplane back to Jackson as Lynn. Sanchez and his people took control of Lynn in Miami, even before the Stede Bonnet sailed."
"How did you find out about the plastic surgery?"
"When the fingerprints came back identifying the body as Lynn's, I remembered the photo that she showed me in my office, and the shape of Rene's nose. The FBI found the surgeon who did it."
"So the whole scheme was foiled by love. That Barrel-chest person fell for the girl and couldn't kill her."
"Calling it love may be a stretch, however it is what blew Rene and Sanchez's plan."
"What was Sanchez getting out of it?"
"The FBI thinks it was his entry to legitimate business, some place to launder the millions he was making from the Snowpowder business. Who knows, these type people are hard to figure, their personalities are so diffusive, enigmas to their own selves. I'm not sure Rene would have kept the relationship after she gained control of the company. She would have had him killed to get him out of the picture."
The sun set, darkness came fast to Chandeleur Island. Venus glistened bright as the evening star. Soft ripples lapped against the hull of the boat. Light breezes brought the smells of low tide.
"What happens to the Renoir estate now that all the family are either dead or in jail?"
"The courts will decide, but I imagine Glossman and Moran will continue to handle it."
"It's a shame, isn't it. So much evil, so much ugliness among all this beauty."
I didn't say anything. There wasn't anything to say.
"I enjoyed getting to know Guy and Mildred. They are wonderful to be around."
"It's people like them, and Joe Glossman, and Bill Moran, and Dave and Sally Billingsly, who keep me from giving up on the human race. There are more good than bad."
"What about me? Am I one of the good people?"
"You're going to be one of the good people."
Darkness filled the silence of the island. The moon rose out of the water in the east, the birds settled on the sandy beaches, and a soft, caressing wind blew across the deck of Picaroon. 
It was a good time to be alive.

THE END

****

If you enjoyed reading Icy Blue Descent (Book 4 of the Jay Leicester Mysteries Series), please consider leaving your comments on this book's product page at your favorite ebook outlet. 

Thanks for reading!


Check out all 10 books in 
The Jay Leicester Mysteries Series by JC Simmons:

Blood on the Vine
Some People Die Quick
Blind Overlook
Icy Blue Descent
The Electra File
Popping the Shine
Four Nines Fine
The Underground Lady
Akel Dama
The Candela of Cancri

Now available at the usual online outlets

