


GEMA: A TROOPER'S TALE

Peter "PJ" Jackson


_
Published by Peter Jackson at Smashwords.
Copyright 2012 Peter Jackson
License Notes: This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Cover Design: Rita Toews
Photography: Joshua Eckert

Other books by the same author:

Dire Straits: A Troopers Tale
A Troopers Wife.


_
One sole desire, one passion now remains To keep life's fever still within his veins, Vengeance! Dire vengeance on the wretch who cast O'er him and all he lov'd that ruinous blast.
Author: ThomasMoore
Source:Lalla RookhThe Veiled Prophet of Khorassan


PART 1
*
Chapter 1
Mahakam River, Borneo. 1965
Wening turned on her thin, rattan, sleeping mat. It was still dark, the night sounds coming through the open shutters. She could see the faint outline of her husbands chest rising and falling to the rhythm of sleep; hear the gentle snoring of Bapi and Ibu her parents, next door, through the thin, woven wall.
She lay there, unable to get back to sleep, contemplating the days work ahead and thinking of how much the family missed the contribution that would have been made by her children if they were still in the Longhouse.
Her husband, Suparman Alatus, hardly let a day go by without bringing up the decision to send their daughter, Gema, north to live with the whites of the long black dresses. These men who had tried to convince them that there was only one God and it was their God. Everyone knew that the God Semangat lived in everything and everyone. Everyone knows that we inherit the souls of our forebears. Who are they to tell us different? but that was eight wet seasons ago. Now, Gema, would be twenty three summers old.a woman.
Was she married, had she been tattooed as was required?  Her fingers had been done, the Song Irang, when she was ten. Her forearms should have been done by now but she had left for another life. Suparman had seen her just three years ago on a trip upriver to trade for the iron but here, in the land of the Orang Ulu, there was no news, no travelers. no more raiders even.
Not since the time the Japanese had come up the river to Long Alat in their strange clothing, with their language that no one could understand, with their weapons. but that was over twenty years ago. I know, in my heart, that Gema is well and happy, she thought, Im her mother, the spirits would tell me if all were not well, but what of Susilo?
She sat up, naked, her body tattoos glowing blue in the moonlight. Where are you Susilo, why did you leave?
Her firstborn, Susilo, just two years older than Gema, had always been a problem. He much preferred sitting at his Grandfathers feet listening to tales of the old days before the Japanese came, tales of the warring between the tribes of the Orang Ulu, tales of the taking of heads and the spirits that came with them to the benefit and protection of the rumah panjaithe Longhouse. He was far more interested in hunting the muntjak, the deer that barks like a dog and their main source of meat, than working in the padi fields alongside everyone else.
Three years ago, in the middle of the dry season, the family sitting in the traditional circle on the tempuan outside their entrance, he had simply saidIm leaving the village. The following morning he was gone. He was seen heading in the direction of the night star and that was the last they knew or ever heard of him.
She missed her children.particularly Gema.who should have been a man.a warrior of the Kayan. Did she favor Gema over him, is that why he left? It was never spoken of. Gema had always strived to be the best at what she undertook. She was never afraid of work or the commitment, Susilo, on the other hand, always looked for the shortcut......the easy way. She had watched them play fight as was traditional. Gema always seemed to let her brother win even though he was older, bigger and stronger.
She stood up, stretched and stepped into her chawat, the short skirt made of bark, slipped on the old, stained tee shirt her husband had picked up for her on one of his trading trips and walked over to the window. It was still dark, still quite a while before the sun came up over the tree canopy to the east. She could barely make out the shape of the Longhouse against the background of the jungle, a seeming wall of vegetation, home to her people, her clan.. the Kayan.
The Longhouse was of an average size, housing twenty families in all, with the communal ruai, the common veranda, running the length of the building. Below her, almost twenty feet down, was the soah, the open area in front of the Longhouse, used for larger gatherings and on festival days.
How lucky I am to be the wife of the Tuai Ramah, she thought. The village chieftain traditionally had larger quarters than the rest of the villagers with additional rooms for close family. It would be too crowded if Bapi and Ibu had to live in the same room with us. If Susilo were here he would be either married or living in the bachelor huts and surely Gema would be already married and I would be a grandmother.
She sighed and turned away shaking her head listening to Suparman grunting in his sleep. How can he just sleep like that? She looked at him from the window, as though there is nothing to be concerned about. She gazed at him fondly, middle aged now but still strong and proud. We need meat,  at least that will get him out of here for a while with my father. She knelt by the fireside and, blowing on the embers, started the fire to cook the morning meal the smoke rising up through the hole in the roof. The animals below their bilik, the chickens and pigs, started to rouse themselves and she could hear her father moving about in the room next door. The noise woke her husband.
Its still early, she said, stay there for a while. Youll be gone soon on the hunt so you might as well enjoy it while you can. He lay back on his mat looking up into the gloom of the rafters through the faint haze of smoke from the morning fire.
The shrunken heads, wrapped in their ritual woven leaves, hanging there looked down on him. They were his father- in- laws pride, his contribution to the peace of the bilik. He remembered his own father telling him of the tradition and how the soul inhabited the head and how the taking of the head in battle brought that soul into their home and combined with the other spirits to bring peace and prosperity to the family.
He remembered his own father, strong in battle before the longskirts came, adept with the traditional weapons of the Orang Ulu, his father killed by the Japanese for no reason, together with his mother and sister. He remembered the stories, the history of his people, passed down from generation to generation as was the custom, the concept of clan and family, the importance of protecting both, the responsibility for the maintenance of their tradition.
He desperately hoped that he had passed everything down to both his children and that it was sufficient for them to live honorable lives in the tradition of the Kayan. Wening thinks I never worry about Gema and Susilo. How can I discuss this with her? I am a man, I am Tuai, I cannot show this weakness. They are my children, the children of warriors. They will have learned enough at my feet.
The sun came up, seeming to rise out of the very jungle, the heat lying on the village like a blanket, the humidity already almost one hundred percent a background to the early morning chatter of the macaque monkeys as they woke to another day. Down the slope from the rumah panjai the coffee colored river slid by, sinister in its silence and high even in the middle of the dry season, its surface broken only by the odd whirlpool and floating, rotting logs, the far bank crowded by the jungle chaos of central Borneo.
Slowly the village came to life, smoke curling from the breakfast fires, childrens laughter coming from the individual biliks, young men feeding the livestock under the Longhouse.
Tomorrow your father and I will hunt, said Suparman as they sat cross legged on the rattan mat, eating their morning meal from the communal bowls, today we will prepare. He was a short man but muscular, heavy earrings distending his ear lobes, his body covered in traditional tattoos and his teeth blackened and sharpened as was the style of the Orang Ulupeople of the upper river.
I do not know how many days we will be. Your father is getting old now and slower. Wening looked at her father cross legged on the rattan. He was in his sixties, by now extremely old by Dayak standards, his face a mass of wrinkles around his now toothless mouth. He stood now in his chawat.
I am Kayan as were all my forebears. I have fought my enemies as did my father before me, he said looking up at the heads hanging in the rafters, if I cannot keep up you may leave me, he said proudly. Wening stood up and climbed down the notched log to the soah below.
Do not spend all day arguing you two, she called up, you have things to do today before leaving tomorrow. She looked at the ladder and the veranda twenty feet up. My husband is right about my father. I have seen the difficulty he now has climbing up to our bilik, the difficulty he has chewing his food, the looks of pain from wounds sustained years agothe old way. He is too proud..but he will hunt tomorrow.
She looked back at the Longhouse that had been her home all her life remembering the times spent with her children Gema and Susilo. The pain of their first tattoos, their first lessons in Silat, the form of martial arts taught to the Kayan, rolling in the dust in the beginning as it was just a game, a game that got to be a daily regimen of offense and defense, discipline and patience as they got older. Each being taught that they were equally responsible for the defense of their community. Each drilled in the old waystheir heritage instilled in them.Gema always leading the way..a girl! She looked down the well beaten path to the rice padi by the river. The harvest will be on us soon. Ibu will want to talk about the gawai.the festival, she thought.
The day passed ..a normal day..the hot sun marching across the sky as it did every day. Suparman and Bapi spent the time preparing their weapons and discussing the coming hunt for the muntjak.
When we return we must look for the Kawi tree, said Suparman, our family canoe, our pirahu, will not last much longer. We should carve another before the rains. I will look for a tree as close to the water as possible. With your experience, Bapi, you should supervise the carving.
Thank you for your confidence, said Bapi grinning toothlessly at his son in law.
In the distance, into the sun, they could see the flash of the parang blades as villagers attacked the edge of the jungle, a daily battle. If left, the jungle would quickly overrun the clearing and the rice padis leaving only the ironwood stilts of the Longhouse as witness to the clans passing. We will take rice for four days, said Suparman, we will leave at first light.
So there passed another day to the rhythm of tranquil village life, to the rhythm of the seasons, the rhythm of the ages.
The sun rose in the sky, baking the sweating land beneath it and quickly settled behind the canopy of the jungle as it did yesterday and would do tomorrow. As night settled on the village so did the night sounds of the jungle interspersed with the happy chatter of the villagers and the laughter of the children all gathered on the raui for the traditional telling and sharing of stories.
The following morning, at that time of day when the world seems to hold its breath, that time between night and day, the sun imminent over the trees to the east they came........ six small boats, ten to a boat, quietly from the south against the current, guided by one who knew the way.  Six small boats pulling up on the mud to the side of the rice padi. Ten men left to guard the boats, fifty, in line abreast, advancing through the green, knee high rice, advancing on the Longhouse not yet awake to the new day........to the threat......to danger.
Suparman was already awake as was Bapi, moving about the bilik, collecting the cold rice, prepared the previous day for the hunt, trying not to waken Wening. Bapi paused, one foot in the air, holding one finger to his lips. It was quiet but more so than usual this morning. What was missing? The night sounds! Even the animals below the house were quiet. The very jungle seemed to be holding its breath, waiting. Settling to the floor he crawled across to the door and out onto the raui. Looking over the rail he saw them advancing through the rice.
Raiders, he whispered to Suparman, warn the others.
The visitors continued their quiet orderly advance. No traditional dress, no traditional weapons. Green jungle fatigues and boots, well armed, disciplined soldiers.
The sun suddenly burst upon the new day but up behind the menacing line. Up sun.they knew what they were doing. They had almost disappeared in the glare.
The first RPG hit the Longhouse before Suparman could warn anyone, the grenade exploding in a shower of lethal ironwood setting the roof ablaze. Automatic fire raked the building, the thin, woven walls offering no protection. The attackers had divided, ten to the south, ten to the north in a pincer movement cutting off any escape, the remaining thirty coming on at the double. Bapi, bow in hand, slithered down the notched log ladder.
The bullet took him square in the chest as he reached the bottom. His final thought being, were short of meat and I wont be hunting today, then the darkness.
The next few RPG rounds walked down the length of the Longhouse killing most of the clan before any sort of defense could be organized. Wening and Ibu died looking at Bapi crumpled on the red earth made redder by the blood from the huge exit wound in his back. As the remaining families fled the burning building they were cut down by the automatic fire. Some tried to make it to the river but were targeted by the one who seemed to know. Within fifteen minutes it was all over, the visitors splitting up and ensuring that no one was left alive.no witness. The injured were dispatched with the parang. Their orders were no one was to be spared, no man, no woman no child. Suparman was one of the last. He died, a warrior of the Kayan, charging twentieth century weapons with bow and parang.
They left as quietly as they arrived leaving the bodies where they had fallen, the sun heating the soa in front of the burning Longhouse, the smoke rising high into the windless sky. a funeral pyre.....the stink of burning flesh filling the air.
The boats ran easily downstream to join the mighty Mahakam flowing south into Kalimantan.
The jungle looked on, came back to life and began its work of recovering what had always been its own.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 2
Kuching, Sarawak several days later.
It had been a long, relatively quiet night, Trooper Jennings looked at the clock on the wall for the twentieth time.
That bloody Irishman is late again, he thought, the night duty watch is bad enough without having to wait for him..... bastard!  Jennings was attached to HQ A Squadron 22 SAS. Regimental HQ had been moved to Labuan, far to the east, an island off the coast of Brunei but a small detachment had been left in Kuching in support of the four Troops that operated in Western Sarawak and Kalimantan Barat to the south. He knew why he had been detached of course, his Malay was excellent and he had an aptitude for Troop logistics. Still he would have preferred the white beaches and breezes of Labuan.
It was 0815 hours and already hot. The fan, slowly turning in the ceiling, did nothing but move hot air from one end of the room to the other, why in hell are we in a block building? he thought, the bloody walls are still hot from yesterday.
Morning Corp, said OHara striding into the office.
Dont call me Corp you moron, what time of the morning do you call this? said Jennings standing up.
Sorry Corp got held up. OHara was always happy probably his most irritating trait, ex Irish Guards but a reliable trooper, loved to fight. Jennings stood up, stretching his back, thinking about breakfast and a shower, not that the water ever got cold.
Jakarta Radio is going on about some massacre over the border, talking about atrocities, claiming were responsible, better pass it on to the Captain when he comes in. Might want to recommend we bring in the interpreter too, she might be able to pick up on nuances that I missed, said Jennings.
Morning Paddy, what are you still doing here Jennings, tea on yet, anything happen during the night we need to know about? Captain Mason stood in the doorway, an averagely tall career soldier, developing a bit of a paunch which he felt obliged to suck in. Fair haired, a chin that receded more than he liked and a moustache hed been trying to grow for weeks.
Just leaving sir, said Jennings, kettles on and Trooper OHara can bring you up to speed.
Whats he on about Paddy? said the Captain walking over to his office.
Apparently sir Radio Jakarta is having a rant about an attack on a Kayan village over the border south of Kapit. Theyre claiming mass murder and that they have proof it was our blokes, said OHara.
Hmmm.A team has been in that general area for quite a while now, said Mason, trouble is weve no communication with them. Probably wont get to talk to them for another week or so when they slog out so no help there. Keep an ear out and make sure Jennings is kept up to speed. If Jakarta starts making a real noise about it we might want to kick it upstairs, said Mason as though talking to himself,  bastards would like nothing better than to make us look bad just now.
Jennings suggested we might bring Gema in.see if shes heard anything, said Paddy trying to keep his voice as neutral as possible, she could listen to the recording see if he missed anything, might also be a good idea to get a hold of that army newspaper the Indos are printing just now, damn thing seems to be everywhere.
At the mention of Gemas name Dickies mind went back to the day she applied at Regimental HQ for a job as interpreter only a few days after he took command of the troop and just before Regimental HQ was transferred to Labuan far to the east.  Lt Colonel Gurney, officer commanding A squadron, had suggested he talk to her as they would be leaving an operational intelligence team in Kuching and a multi lingual interpreter might prove to be invaluable. The fact that she was also Kayan might also prove to be a tremendous asset in the teams attempts to win the hearts and minds of the local population over the border in Borneo.
He remembered her coming into his office. A slim, petite woman dressed in a long black skirt and white blouse buttoned to the neck, more in the Thai style than the traditional bright colors of the Dayak. Her hair was long and jet black, hanging below her waist. As she walked to his desk it swung heavily and shone in the lamplight. Her skin was much lighter than he expected and her features more Eurasian than the Mongol, more typical of her tribe.
Please sit down Miss Suparmanputri. She smiled as she sat down, carefully smoothing her skirt.
Thank you Captain but you might prefer to call me Gema its so much less of a mouthful. Her English was excellent, spoken with a lilting sound that made it sound all the more attractive.
Shed told him of her early years spent in the Longhouse, living the traditional life of the Orang Ulu, of her parents and grandparents. She told him of the coming of the missionaries and how her parents had sent her north to learn a new life. She now spoke her native language Butak plus English, Dutch, Malay and a smattering of Mandarin. She could read and write English, Malay and Dutch. Butak had no written language that she knew of. She seemed to have an inner strength. She did not boast of her accomplishments just stated them as fact. She sat there impassively, calmly, only her eyes giving away her excitement
She was twenty three. she was the most beautiful woman the young captain had ever seen.
He had dinner with her a couple of times. He tried to convince himself he did this to learn more of her culture as he would have teams operating in the vicinity of her old home. In this he was quite correct but the truth was he enjoyed her company and she was a refreshing change to the male dominated regiment..something soft in a very hard world.
What an enigma she was. She straddled, with ease, two opposing ways of life. The first the one of the twentieth century with the noise, the technology, all the amenities taken for granted the other a quantum step back in time, not just a century or two but back an entire age. Her grandfather, Bapi, still alive and living with her parents, had been a head-hunter before the Japanese occupation. Lord God. they still had heads hanging in the rafters of their home.
Her father and Bapi still hunted the old way in the Borneo jungle. They had almost no contact with the outside world. She could only remember one contact in the first fifteen years of her life that being when the missionaries came up the river, how she had hidden inside the tree line. She recounted how her father, in the evenings after the communal meal, told the stories of how the raiders came, their interest being the taking of slaves..and heads.
She remembered her father and grandfather talking of the warriors honor, of family, the jungle and the respect they had for the animals that inhabit it. Yet here she was, sitting in a restaurant in Kuching, white linen on the table, self assured, self sufficient having dinner with him, Welbeck College, Sandhurst Academy .an officer and a gentleman, an enigma indeed!
He thought of the problems if he got involved with her, a serving officer and an indigenous native woman, socially unacceptable at best probably behavior unbecoming at worst.
CaptainCaptain, OHaras brogue brought him back to the present with a jolt. Would you be wanting me to give herself a call and ask her to come in?  Mason thought for a moment and said,
Yes but dont tell her what its about, it might be a bit close to home for her. We need some facts. This afternoon will be fine, let me know, wheres that bloody tea?
Sitting in his office, gazing at the blank wall, he thought to himself.we cant possibly get into any discussion concerning cross border incursions. Christ we dont even like admitting that we exist. Public knowledge of the Paras, the Ghurkas or the Royal Scots Guards is one thing, knowing of the very presence of The Regiment is unacceptable. Best thing is to wait and see for the time being. He picked up the phone.Paddy get Mudd in here, if you can find him, and let me know about the interpreter as soon as you know something.
Mason thought about George Mudd. Sergeant George Edward Mudd MM, 1st Parachute Regiment now Trooper Mudd in C team B troop A Squadron 22 SAS. Funny how they dont mind giving up rank when they join The Regiment, he thought. Plenty of jungle experience in Malayaspeaks fluent Malay.a career soldier, a quiet spoken man given to almost whisperinga jungle habit, a hard man, a Team man.
You sent for me sir? Mudd at attention in front of his desk, he hadnt even heard him come in, his boots being so quiet.
Relax Sticky. Pull up a chair. Wanna cuppa? The trooper sat down and, crossing his legs, studied the Captain as he poured the tea. No tie, in his shirtsleeves, recognizing the lack of military formality expected by the troopers. He was a Para so he cant be all bad, thought George, dont know if he likes being stuck behind a desk, getting a bit of a gut there. Seems to be a fair sort of bloke, likes to have all the information before he makes a call,  certainly supports the Teams.
Mason took a sip of his tea. You were south of Kapit a few months agowhats it like in there?
We were in there before the additional squadrons arrived in theatre so we were just a three man team, said George, makes it a bit more hectic but we managed, had a Border Scout take us through, dropped us off about ten miles in. We set up an observation post overlooking the river and a couple of well used tracks.
Yes I know that George but what was it actually likethe going? George cast his mind back to the difficulty of that particular incursion..his fourth.
As you know sir it was a Claret operation. Its pretty much like the rest of central Borneo except more hilly, said Mudd smiling at the memory. Bloody well and impenetrable crap, you could never see more than ten feet. You have to stay off the tracks, the ridges, the rivers, as you know; otherwise wed never get out of there alive. Usual stuff..bugs.mud in the wet.heat.sores....leaches galore..trying to leave no sign, no chance of re-supply, normal day at the office, he said laughing. Why do you ask?
Theres some sort of stink brewing down there. Jakartas claiming some sort of massacrea little further south I think.probably the headwaters of the Mahakam. Apparently some village or other got wiped out and theyre claiming were the bad guys. We inserted A team over a month ago but theres no talking to them for the time being. Im going to do a bit more digging around then talk to the boss, might have to send you in to have a looksee. Mason took another sip of his tea.
If we can get the scouts to better identify the location and its within range of the Whirlwind we could rope you in. Youd set up observation, sit tight for as long as you think necessary then reconnoiter and try and figure out what the hell happened there. If its quiet we can chopper you out, if not.shoot and scoot. Well establish an alternative LZ. Anyway George start thinking about it, Team of four, Ill be in touch. George stood up, came to attention and turned towards the door.
George..by the way..we just took delivery of the new Armalites. You might want to get yourself and your guys qualified on them. If you do go in you could take them alongsort of give em a test drive so to speak. Theyre a lot lighter than the FLN but a smaller caliber, George paused.
Anything that means less to hump in there has my vote sir, he said, as long as it stops the bad guy.
OHara tapped on the door frame and stuck his head in.
Interpreter will be here at 1500 hours if thats okay sir?
Thatll be fine Paddy. See if you can find a biscuit to go with this tea and get one for yourself.
The rest of the day was routine yet dragged for Dickie Mason waiting for the interpreter. Gema was punctual. Jeez it wasnt so long ago that she learned to tell the time, thought Dickie, bloody amazing really.
Hello there Gem, how are you this afternoon? Sit yourself down theres a couple of things I want to run by you. Gema, wearing her customary black skirt but an emerald green, silk blouse, sat down on the hard chair in front of the desk.
Trooper OHara! Paddy stuck his head around the door, get Miss Suparmanputri a cuppa and see if you can find her one of those biscuits..if weve any left. Mason struggled to get his mind on the business at hand. Gema was almost glowing in front of him, her skin and jet black hair set off by the bright green blouse ..her eyes twinkling well aware of his discomfort.
Gem you know we keep a radio watch on Radio Jakarta? Gema nodded quite prepared to let him speak. Theyre claiming that were responsible for an attack on a Longhouse South of Kapit just a few miles over the border. I, or rather we, were wondering if youd heard anything.
Gema looked up her lips tight, it was obvious she was fighting to control herself. Ive heard the same broadcast, she said, what would worry me is that theyre being very specific which is unusual, usually they generalize. Its obvious that theyre just trying to generate some propaganda mileage. This time theyre being quite graphic with some very specific numbers. The only thing they havent done is blame any specific unit, she looked down at her hands.
Her knuckles were white and Mason could see the tiny tattoos stretched on the backs of her fingers.
Theres something shes not telling me, thought Mason, but now is not the time. Ill get to it later. Gem, whats the name of that newspaper their armys publishing now? She looked up more composed now.
Its called Angkatan Bersendjata and from what I understand its the only newspaper being published in Indonesia just now, theyve shut all the others down. Its obvious theyre using it to incite the Muslims and get them onside plus as a tool to spread propaganda. Mason marveled at her English. He could not get it out of his head that just a few years ago this beautiful, literate girl lived in a Longhouse in the heart of the Borneo jungle with a head-hunter for a grandfather.
God, Im a long way from Hereford, he thought. She brought him out of his reverie.
Ive seen a copy recently but theres no mention of this thing youre talking about, you should certainly keep an eye on it. He let her finish her tea and walked her to the door.
Trooper OHara ..see she gets home safely its almost the end of your watch. Ill keep an eye on things here until Jennings get in.
He sat at his desk. What is it shes so upset about? he thought, its just rumor, propaganda.or is it?
He had a sickening feeling in the pit of his stomach that stayed with him until he fell asleep in his billet that night his dreams alternating between erotic thoughts involving Gema, bloody contorted bodies lying in green padi and dried out, sightless eyes watching him from the rafters. He didnt have to wait too long the following morning.
Boss is on the phone, called Paddy.
Morning Dickie.Ron Gurney here, howre things? Ron Gurney, Lieutenant Colonel, late of the Brigade of Guards, Officer Commanding  A squadron calling from Labuan far to the east.
Not too much sir, got the new Armalites the other day so were busy getting everyone qualified..not sure if everyone likes them that much but time will tell. Were also well into the training of a new group of Border Scouts.
Sounds good to me, said Gurney, but whats this Im hearing about Jakarta claiming were responsible for war crimes?
Dont know too much about it yet sir, responded Mason, had the interpreter in here yesterday shes hearing the same thing but so far theres nothing in the papers.
Hmmmm, Gurney was quiet for a few seconds. Ok, heres how well play it. If they persist in this try and get a location from the Scouts. Perhaps a fly over of the general area if you think its within range of the Whirlwinds. Once you get an idea of the location it might pay us to send a team in for a recce.
With you there sir, Ive already had a chat with Mudd. Got him thinking about it. He was down in that area a few months ago, tells me its not exactly his favorite part of the country. Gurney started to laugh.
George Mudd, master of the understatement, if he had that to say it must be god-awful bad, anyway, Dickie, keep me in the loop, if you need any help let me know. Gurney was quiet for a few seconds. Dickie .whilst I have you on the phone whats this I hear about you and your interpreter? its a small world you know. Im not trying to interfere with your private life but in an organization such as ours we have to earn and then keep the trust of the Troopers. We dont want them talking behind our backs. Dickies heart took a lurch.
I hear what youre saying sir and I agree with you one hundred percent. Shes quite the asset, being Kayan and multi lingual. She gives us insights that we probably couldnt see for ourselves. I will certainly take what you have said under advisement. Will there be anything else sir?
No thatll be all, Dickie, keep me informed about this propaganda thing. Bye for now.
Dickie hung up the phone thinking on what the Colonel had had to say. Hes quite right of course. After all he is the CO and has to be concerned about anything that might impact the readiness and effectiveness of the Squadron..but how do I really feel?
Trooper OHara.get Mudd back in here..quick as you can. It was almost two hours before George Mudd arrived at the block building that served as Troop HQ. Where the hell have you been Sticky? asked Mason, weve been looking all over for you and your team, couldnt find a bloody soul.
George grinned, Ive had the whole team blasting away with those new Armalites down at the range, took us a while to get cleared away and back here.
So whats the verdict?
Verdict on what sir? asked George.
The Armalites Mudd, isnt that what were talking about? retorted the Captain sounding irritated.
Whats eating him? thought George, not like him to be like that, maybe hes not getting any.
Well sir.they feel like a bloody BB gun.mostly plastic. Theyre certainly lighter but some of the fellas are not keen on them being in 5.56 mm. Theyre wondering if they have the same stopping power of the FLN being in 7.62plus the fact that they dont have the range of the FLN. For jungle warfare they might be really good but we dont know yet what sort of foliage deflection we might get. One curious thing is that the bores seem to get a lot dirtier and quicker than the FLN, in combat that might be an issue on automatic fire. Mudd started to laugh, seems like a long answer to a pretty simple question.
Mason laughed with him, youre right George and Im sure well have some teething problems, just hope nobody gets KIA before we get everything sorted. Sorry I was a bit short with you just now, got a lot on my mind.
No worries sir, said George smiling, whats happening with the other thing?
Im going to try the easy way first Sticky, said Mason, Ill send a Whirlwind out, see if they can spot the location. Well use the one we use for reconnaissance, its got the extra fuel tanks, theyll probably needem. If that doesnt work well have to insert a Border Scout Team see if they can figure things out. One way or another youll be going in, just a question of when.by the way the Colonel is involved, called me about it this morning.must be more of a flap on than we thought.
George thought for a moment looking at the floor
If its where they claim its on the river which means theres padi fields. If its not hot we could rope in, damn sight easier than slogging in from a few miles out. We could do a quick recce then find a decent OP and sit tight for a whilesee if theres any activity.then take a real good look around. Sound OK to you sir?
Mason stood up and paced over to the windowthinking.
If you roped in you could take one of those new radios. We could set up a listening post on the border..organize the extraction when youre ready. Make sure you take a camera with you this time George, we might need some evidence. Roping in you wont have to worry too much about the weight but, for the time being, lets keep all our options open.you might want to think about dropping in too.
Sounds good to me sir, if its OK with you Ill take the normal fire team.Downer, Brenner, McElroy and myself of course. Ill get Brenner checked out on the new radios straight away. Hes one of the guys that likes the M16 but I think its more a weight issue with him, Ill stick with the FLN for now.
OK Georgeget the team sorted, Ill send the chopper out tomorrow. Hopefully theyll get lucky, save us a lot of agro. Start getting your kit together and be prepared to leave the day after tomorrow but, like I said, leave all the options open.
*
That evening he picked Gema up at her flat down by the water and they walked on the beach.
You know Im glad I didnt take the posting to Labuan theres nothing too much wrong with this beach, he said. The moon shone, creating a pathway down the quiet water like daylight. The beach glistened white in the light, the palms rustling gently in the evening onshore breeze.
Im glad too, said Gema. She had taken her shoes off enjoying the feel of the sand between her toes. You know.at first I hated shoes and took them off every chance I had. Even now Im not too keen on them but its expected..but not on the beach. She ran ahead of him, sure footed on the uneven footing, shoes, dangling by the straps, in her hand. He couldnt keep up with her. She ran into the palms lining the beach.and disappeared.
He stood there wondering what had happened.what the hell?
He listened for her but all he could hear was the rustling of the palms and the gentle surf of the South China Sea curling up onto the beach. He walked fifty yards further and then back.no sign..no sound. Rather than see her, or hear her for that matter, he sensed her presence at his side. He was startled.she was just suddenly there.
She laughed and turned to face him. Remember, Dickie, I am Dayak more than that Im Kayan. The jungle is my friend and companion. It can keep me, it can feed me, it can help me and yes it can hide and protect me if that is my need. I just didnt want you to forget that.
He looked down at her. He was at least a head taller. She looked so fragile but he knew she was far tougher than he was. He wanted to reach out and hold her but didnt dare. She took a step backwards and looked up at him.
Kissing is unknown in my culture, she said, and you look at me the way my father looks at my mother when she is asleep.
She reached up and, taking his head in her hands, drew it down to where her neck joined her shoulder. Take a deep breath in through your nose, she whispered.
She smelled of cinnamon, of citrus. She smelled the way he imagined a wild doe might smell. She just stood there, holding his head letting him breathe.
The Iban of Orang Ulu do this instead of kissing, she whispered, you breathe in a part of my spirit and parts of those spirits that also inhabit my body.
To him, it was one of those moments in life when everything stands still. There is no sound, there is no movement. Nothing exists on earth other than this girl, with the wide open eyes, standing in front of him. They walked back to her flat by the water in silence, holding hands like young lovers, both aware that something momentous had happened but neither prepared to talk about it. He didnt want to break the spell. Didnt want to tell her what he came down to the beach to tell her. He didnt want the ugly world to intrude.
He left her at the door and drove back to his billet. He shook his head, the native girl and the British Officer.how could it ever be? gotta be out of my mind.
Dick Mason spent most of the following day finding it difficult to focus, the moonlit beach and the feel of Gemas skin at the forefront of his mind.
Theres a Flight Officer Wilkinson here to see you sir.
Show him in Paddy, said Mason. Wilkinson was a tall, blonde haired officer who looked young enough to be still in school. His blue tunic had the top button undone like a fighter pilot of the last war. So what have you got for us? asked Mason.
I think we found it sir. We did a grid search starting at the headwaters of the east branch of the Mahakan. We didnt want to get in range of any ground fire but we could see a couple of good sized rice padis but no sign of life. We hung around for as long as fuel allowed but never saw a soul, I think its a good bet sir. Weve logged the coordinates and I can pinpoint it on the map for you, if Im right its called Long Alat.
Thanks Flight Officer, great job, youve saved us a load of trouble and effort. Im sure my boys will be delighted with the intel, said Mason, do you have any photos?
Yes Sir, took a whole slew of em, said Wilkinson, theyre being developed as we speak.
Later that evening, with a cooling on- shore breeze finding its way through the slats of the shutters, the troopers of C team gathered in the Captains office around a huge wall map of the entire island. Pinned to the sides of the map were prints of the photographs taken by F.O. Wilkinson earlier that day.
As usual the maps no bloody good to man nor beast, whispered Downer. Mason smiled, it was still hard for him to accept the total lack of customary military discipline with the troopers.
Youre quite right Harry, said Mason, but it at least gives you a sense of where youre going. I know youve been in the general vicinity before so you pretty much know what to expect.
The photographs were taken from several thousand feet but it was easy to make out the rice padis by the river, the red, packed earth of the soah and what looked like the remains of a Longhouse. It was easy to see the general lay of the land with the brown river snaking off into the distance and the solid green of the jungle canopy.
Hell of a sight better in color, said Downer, cant believe we were in that stuff, down there you dont get to see diddly.
Mudd grinned mirthlessly, well Harry, you should be used to it by now, were going back! What do you fellas think?
Robbie McElroy, towering over everyone else said, how are we going to be inserted George?
Mudd, looking at the Captain said, we were originally thinking of roping in off one of the Whirlwinds as its well within range but Im having other thoughts now.
Peter Brenner chipped in, theres no point in letting everyone know were there. Those padis are so large theyd be difficult to miss and theres not much wind at this time of the year. Id feel safer doing a HALO jump. Weight is still not a big issue and we can all land together. When were done, if its quiet, we could use the Whirlwind for extraction.
Captain Mason looked up from the photo he was holding in his hand, I agree with Brenner, keep it as quiet as possible. Brenner youll be jumping with the new radio.dont bust it theres a good chap. Ive organized a listening post our side of the border just south of Kapit, you can give them a ring when necessary. The group laughed at Masons casual approach, understanding that he was making light of putting them in harms way.
Mason slid the one photo he was holding into a manila envelope and turned to Mudd. What about weapons George? Mudd thought for a few seconds.
Unless anyone has other ideas this is how Id like to see it. Peter, you have the radio so go with the M16. Harry, you take the M16 too, you cant hit anything beyond a couple of hundred yards anyway. Robbie, Id like you to take the Bren again. Although the Armalites can fire on automatic I want you guys to set to three round bursts. If we have to fire across the clearing the Bren will be useful just make sure you dont do what you did last time, make sure its 7.62 mil.  Ill take the FLN which makes the ammo inter changeable. Three hundred rounds a man plus an extra two hundred for Robbie and I, grub and water for two weeks. Harry, youre medic this time, any questions?
Brenner, the Yorkshireman, asked, whats the codename for the job and the extraction?
Mason said, youre the radioman, Peter, you pick.
OK sir..the insertion is Roundhay Park, the extraction code is Leeds United.
Bloody Yorkshireman, said Downer laughing.
OK gentlemen, said the Captain, take off is 0400 hundred hours the day after tomorrow. Best I can do is a Dakota but itll get you there. Tomorrow draw your kitcheck out your own chutes..remember the objective is to reconnoiter the area to determine what, if anything, happened. George will have the camera, photograph everything and anything. If you trip up over any bad guys..shoot and scootwe need the intel.  An alternative LZ is out of the question due to the terrain so if we cant send in the taxi youll have to hump your way out.
Bet youre glad you got the Bren, Robbie, said Harry cackling as they left the office.
Dick Mason sat at his desk and pulled the photo out of the manila envelope, the one he had deliberately not shown the team. It was the one shot Wilkinson had managed when he made his last and very low pass over the site. It showed a close up of the soah in front of the burnt out Longhouse. Scattered across the red, brown earth were bodies, like discarded dolls, bloated already by the searing daytime heat. This could get very ugly, he thought to himself locking the envelope away.
*
The following morning dawned the same as all the others at this time of the year. Tropic islands develop off shore breezes in the morning adding to the discomfort of the early morning heat. Off to the north squall clouds marched westward across the horizon in the general direction of Malaya the sun reflecting like diamonds off the quiet sea. Hed left his billet early to give him time to swing by Gemas apartment, the memory of the last evening spent with her vivid in his mind.
He arrived well before she normally left for work. She was dressed in her usual long black skirt, white blouse and sandals and invited him into her sparsely furnished flat.
She stood in the middle of the room, eyes searching for his.questioning. He was sure.
Gema, will you marry me? She stood still looking up into his face.
Ive been expecting you, she said, we are worlds apart you and I, more than you know. We are both here, at this point in time, neither one of us in the country we know. You are here because you have to be and eventually you will leave. I am here because my parents want something better for me and the missionaries convinced them to do what they did. They are my parents.I have no choice either. The tears ran down her face. My heart tells me to say yes. My head screams at me questioning how it could possibly work for us. Please, Dickie, dont be disappointed in me. You should know how I feel. You have breathed my spirit and those of my ancestors. I need time to think..no more than that.
He took her in his arms and they each breathed the spirit of the other.
I understand Gem, I have questions too but you have all the time in the world to answer. I wont mention it again. However, should you say yes there would be much to discuss and decisions we would have to make that might well affect the rest of our lives.
Driving the Champion back to HQ he was a happy man, at least she hadnt said no. He wasnt stupid,  he knew the challenges for them would be huge not the least of them being the Army. Deal with that when we get to it, he thought, theres no other way.
On his way to the office he forced himself to focus on the matters at hand, the needs of C team before their insertion, the communications, and their extraction. Why was the Colonel involved in this? What was the team going to find out? Is it going to get ugly or is it just much ado about nothing?
He spent the rest of the morning going over the duty watch reports of the previous nights radio traffic. He occasionally made notes in the margins in order to get clarification from Jennings when he came on duty. Jakarta was still making noises about the massacre and threatening to take it to the UN.
Thatll get them a long way, he thought.
Just before lunch Paddy OHara came into the office. Think we gotta problem boss. Gemas in the outer office insisting she see you straight away..and boss she doesnt look too good. Dickie got that sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach.
Shes turned me down and she feels she has to tell me straight away. Youd better show her in Paddy and close the door when you leave. Paddy brought her in holding her by the elbow then, turning on his heel, left the office and quietly closed the door behind him. Gema just stood there in the middle of the office, her shoulders heaving as she struggled to control herself. Shed obviously been crying, in her left hand she held a folded newspaper. Dickie got her a chair and helped her sit down.
Would you like some water Gem? he asked gently.
She shook her head, tears running down her cheeks. She unfolded the newspaper and spread it on the desk so he could see it. In the middle of the front page a photograph of a burnt out Longhouse with bodies strewn on the earth in front of it.
My home, my parents, my brother, she sobbed, what has happened? he took her hands in his..she was cold.
Its probably just propaganda, Im sure your family is okay, he whispered.
She struggled to speak.but you asked me to find a copy of the newspaper.. so I did. She lifted up her face to look into his.pleading, suddenly her body stiffened and a wail came out of her mouth like a wounded animal. Nooooo, she was looking over his shoulder..sagging in her chair.
Oh my God, thought Dickie, the bloody photos are still on the wall!
She was numb. Mason had driven her back to her flat offering to stay with her but she preferred to be on her own. Shed recognized the area in the photos. She had no way of confirming what might have happened. She hadnt seen her mother in almost eight years. Shed seen her father three years previous on one of his rare trading trips.but that was it. She knelt in front of her shrine to Semangat and searched for their spirits. She had always relied on her family, knowing that they supported her in her new life. Now that space was empty.or was it? The photos were grainy and lacking in detail. Obviously something terrible had happened but exactly what was not readily apparent. The doubt set in, perhaps part of her denial.
Semangat will tell me when he is ready, the spirits will talk to me, she thought to herself. The doubt dried up her tears but she could not rid herself of the feeling of loss.of emptiness.
She felt alone for the first time in her life.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 3
The Yorkshire Codes
0330 hours the Team gathered in the ready room, all business now.
Equipment check, said Mudd quietly. They checked each others equipment, the chutes, already on their backs, altimeters on their wrists. Sixty pound Bergens strapped to their chests to be released on ten foot lines once their chutes opened, 9mm Brownings holstered wherever they preferred. McElroy, all six foot four of him, holding the eighteen pound Bren like it was a toothpick, Brenner with the extra weight of the radio loading him down. All four now part of the Team, no one any more important than the other, each one both independent and inter-dependent at the same time, each quietly going about his job. Each in jungle fatigues, no insignias, no rank, nothing that would identify them. No personal effects, no labels, supplies for two weeks with little chance of re-supply. Personal weapons plus frag grenades and claymore mines.
Mudd quietly, we jump at ten thousand feet which is kinda low. Deploy chutes at twenty five hundred, youll only have about forty five seconds of free fall. We jump together and for Gods sake stay together. Our LZ is the big padi by the river. By the time we get there we should just be able to see it. Apparently theres no wind which should make it easier. They were already sweating profusely weighted down with all the extra gear.
The good news, said Mudd, is that Wilkinson has volunteered for Pilot, at least he should be able to take us to the right place.
He bloody better, muttered Downer, weve too much crap to be humping through the bush.
Remember, said Mudd, this is a covert recce, no fire unless as a last resort. OK fellas the trucks outside, lets get it on.
The Dakota stood out on the runway quiet in the still of the night save for the constant symphony of sounds from the night insects. They quietly loaded up, uncomfortable with chutes on their backs, Bergens on their chests sitting two by two facing each other the sweat running down their camouflaged faces.
Wilkinson came back from the cockpit.
Not too far chaps, about an hour and a half in the air, watch for the lights, red in the door.jump on the green. Navigator will come back and give you a hand. He disappeared forward and closed the door behind him. The silence was shattered as he started up the two Pratt and Whitney engines. Taking off into the wind he banked the unmarked plane southwards and disappeared into the blackness, the roar slowly fading until all that could be heard were the insects of the night.
The time passed slowly, the throb of the engines lulling McElroy to sleep. Dont know how the hell he does that, thought Downer, could be getting our arses blown off in an hour or so.
Too soon the navigator clambered back from the cockpit.
Stand up! he yelled over the noise of the engines. Clipping on his safety line he opened the wide door to starboard. The roar of the engines increased and the cool night air rushed in.
Lock n load! shouted Mudd over the din. They did a final check of each others chutes, the red light came on.
Stand in the door! ordered the navigator. The green light flashed on and the four of them, in unison, jumped into the beginning dawn light.
Sensory overload falling through the gloom of the early dawn.
Staying together using arms and legs as flight controls.
Looking downpretty much on target..the river, now discernible winding away to the south, the light green of the cultivated padi visible in the bend.
One eye on the altimeter.
Twenty five hundred feetpull the cord.
The sudden jerk of arrested movement.
Release the Bergen on its ten foot line.
Still together, slight correction on a control line as a gentle breeze tries to push them off course.
Pay attention now. No sign of life.
A gentle landing.
Collapse the chute and hit the quick release.
Robbie with the Bren and Mudd with the FLN immediately take up defensive positions eyes sweeping the compound in front of them.
Peter and Harry quickly bury the four parachutes and helmets and then join the other two. The quiet hangs over the encampment like a pall.
Mudd whispers, well sit pat here for twenty or so. It looks as though we need to be off to the left about half way down, set up in the tree line. Any visitors are liable to come from the river. Harry set up a couple of claymores between us and the river. When youre back well move out. The three of them lay in the dry padi as Harry disappeared behind them.
Peter whispered in Georges ear, lips almost touching him, the fact that this padi is dry says no ones been around for a while. Normally this would be soaked as they irrigate every day. George nodded in agreement. Harry was back in a few minutes, suddenly appearing at their sides.
All done..thatll make their day if they show up, he whispered.
OK gentlemen, said Mudd, I suggest we move off to the left. We stay in the tree line and move down about a hundred and fifty yards. Well find an OP just in the tree line, thatll give us a good view of the entire compound and down to the river, questions or suggestions? Everyone nodded in agreement. OK, lets move out, whispered George.
Careful to leave no sign of their passing they slowly moved off into the gloom of the trees, working their way down until they were opposite the ruins of the Longhouse about a hundred yards distant. Harry, on point, soon found a thicket that afforded a good view and excellent concealment.
OK gents, said George quietly, Robbie, set up the Bren as best you can so as you can sweep the entire compound. Harry..take four claymores and set them up on our six, two as booby traps and two on the switch. Stagger them so we have plenty of notice, Peter, do your radio check. Harry disappeared out of the thicket.
Peter unslung the radio and finding the correct pre-programmed frequency whispered into the mike, Roundhay Park.Roundhay Park
Two clicks in his ear told him he was being received.
Without another word he turned off the unit to conserve his batteries. Within half an hour all four were back in the thicket all sign of their entrance swept clear.
Standard procedure? questioned Robbie in his broad Glasgow accent, two on watch..two getting some kip..two on two off? the three nodded their agreement.
Robbie, you and I take the first watch..you gents get some kip, whispered George, and Harry..no fucking snoring!
Mudd.stretched out on his poncho..gazed out into the compound periodically scanning the area with his binoculars particularly in the direction of the river. If they come at all theyll come from the river, he thought. In front of him, at the foot of the ladder, a bloated body crumpled on the red earth. Off to his right about fifty yards away a headless body spread-eagled on its back, hed obviously taken a full burst in the chest.
To his left, well into the trees, a snuffling noise. Probably a wild boar having a go at one of the bodies, thought George, its a wonder theres not more of them about.
What the hell is that cooking smell? whispered Robbie.
The winds shifted, said George, its burnt bodies in the Longhouse. Most of them probably got caught in there. He took the glasses and focused on the ruins.
Across the soah the notched log still stood leading up to the veranda..the ruai. Beyond that the building had collapsed into itself.a pile of blackened rubble.the ironwood stilts left standing thirty feet into the air, memorials in a graveyard, witnesses to a killing field. Not a sound save for the snuffling of the feeding boar in the underbrush and the normal jungle sounds in the canopy above.
The following morning over their cold meal Mudd suggested they stay in the OP at least another day.
Im still not confident were on our own here, he whispered to the group gathered close. Im going to take up a position down on the river, should be able to see at least half a mile downstream, you guys keep up the routine. If alls quiet well do our recce in the morning, OK with you?
Not really okay with me, said Robbie, I agree with the idea of scoping out the river but I think there should be two of us. Two tucked in here for a while should be fine, our six is protected by the claymores. The other two nodded their heads. Good, said Mudd, well be back in four to six hours. Robbie, leave the Bren here bring the M16.
The sweat ran off his forehead, through his eyes and, dripping off the end of his nose, bounced off the action of the FLN he was cradling. He stood motionless, just inside the tree line, the brown river oily in front of him flowing to the south and over a hundred yards wide here. He could see perhaps half a mile down the river before it disappeared round a bend to the left. It would be impossible for anyone to come up the river without him making them and in plenty of time for him to melt back into the brush, pick up Robbie and get back to the fire position.
He remained still, unmoving, virtually invisible in his full camo and headnet. He could feel the flies on his face and he was sure at least one leach had clamped on high on his inner leg close to his crotch. Still, save for his eyes constantly looking for movement, and his ears listening for something that didnt belong, he was invisible.
Hed been there almost two hours now, the cramps had come and gone, his shirt totally soaked from the sweat running down his chest. Still he didnt move..well aware that any movement made him visible.just as theirs made them visible. He couldnt see Robbie but he knew where he was, a slightly more comfortable spot except for the ants that were probably driving him crazy. Hed placed him between the roots of a Meranti tree soaring better than two hundred feet into the sky, a little further back but he could see further upstream and had his six.
Theyd had each others back now for three years both here in Borneo and in Malaya. They knew each other well perhaps too well considering their occupation. He knew however that, if anyone slipped through, the macaques in the canopy would let him know..Robbie knew that too. His thoughts came back to the river in front. Nothing in sight.in fact other than the odd hornbill, that bird endemic to Borneo and a croc in the river he hadnt seen or heard a darned thing.
Just as well, he thought, who needs it? maybe we can get out of here without any sort of a flap, talk about isolation.
He looked up, shit you dont even see a plane. Course where the hell would it be going? his thoughts came back to the team.
All four had become close over the last few years. Although the teams rotated every three months, which provided each Trooper with experience in all the disciplines, they somehow managed to come back together. This was their fifth covert insertion .......hopefully their shortest and easiest.
Their worst had been the three months spent alone in the Highlands, being re-supplied by air, and constantly having to dodge irregular troops.  By the time theyd got back to Kuching hed lost nearly thirty pounds and hed been pretty lean to start off with. OK, thats enough of this, he thought, time to get out of here.
He stepped back into the shadows, almost stumbling as life came back into his left foot. For the first time in two hours he took a drink of the tepid water in his water bottle and beat the flies off his face. He policed the area to erase any sign of his presence whilst making as little movement as possible then backed out on his way to pick up Robbie.
Shit George! I had you from yards away, whispered Robbie as he got to his position, youre stumbling around like a pregnant camel,  must be getting old!
Yea sure, said George, lets get the hell out of here, doesnt look as though theres anything happening.
As they silently made their way back to the OP, being careful to avoid the booby traps laid by Harry, George was once again amazed by the very nature around him. Trees soaring over two hundred feet in the air preventing hardly any light penetrating the jungle floor; animals living in the canopy that would probably never come down to the ground in their lifetime. Natives that happily lived here, totally isolated from the rest of the world, the jungle and the river providing all their needs.
The following morning, after another cold meal and tepid water, they lay side by side in the OP scanning the compound, the tree line and as far back to the river as they could see.
Gents..weve no choice but to take a chance now. Weve been here over forty hours and it looks as though nothings going on. Harry take a couple of the claymores you setthe two on the switch. Set em further down the river where Robbie and I were..youll see a game trail..set them well to each side of the trail..booby traps! If they come theyll use the river and they wont use the trails. With the other ones set well have plenty of warning if they show up. Robbie I want you to stay in here with the Bren, youve got a good field of fire. Peteryou and I are going to recce the whole area from here to the river, see anything unusual sing out. Im going to photograph everything we think necessary.
George and Peter left the security of the thicket leaving Robbie stretched out behind the Bren. Harry had already disappeared into the underbrush. Ever vigilant, safety catches off, they walked towards the ruins of the Longhouse. The first body they came to had obviously been decapitated but there was no sign of the head. What was left of the body was covered in blue tattoos. It looked as though it had been a middle aged man, well muscled yet not overly tall. Hed taken a full burst in the chest and was, by now, well bloated. George took a number of shots, from different angles and a close up of the tattoos.
They moved on to the body at the foot of the steps. The smell now from the Longhouse was overpowering so they pulled their bandanas up over their mouths and noses. This second body was a much older man, deeply wrinkled with grey hair. Hed taken one round in the chest which had left a massive exit wound in his back. The flies were still thick in the pool of dried blood in the dirt.
It was impossible to get into the Longhouse. It had collapsed into itself creating a pile of blackened timbers and ash. The ironwood and camphorwood supports had not burned and stood like monuments to the dead. George took a number of photographs from different angles. From the smell it was reasonable to assume that most of the villagers had been trapped inside.
They worked their way across the soah taking photos of the boot prints left in the dust.
At least were in the dry season, said Peter, not that it helped them too much. They took the path down to the rivers edge. You could still see the marks where the boats had been dragged up onto the mud embankment more photos.
Lets work our way back through the padi, suggested George. Working their way through the rice, now turning brown in the heat, George notice the glint of something in the dust..then again..then againbrass.  ejected shells. They hadnt seen them when theyd arrived but then their senses had been attuned to something else. George first took photos of the brass laying on the ground whilst Peter cast around looking for more.
Shit George its all over the place, he said.
When Ive finished photographing pick a bunch up and well take them back with us, muttered George. When hed finished they picked up as much of the spent brass as made sense and headed back to the OP in the thicket. Harry had already returned.
Robbie said, you know, if were convinced its still quiet, we could take the time and bury those two blokes over there. If we dont the boars are just going to make a meal of them.
Im with you on that, said Peter, the ground is pretty soft.
They buried the two bodies in a shallow communal grave, gathering rocks to create a small marker and committed them to their maker. George took a couple of photos of the grave and finally put the camera away.
OK Harrytime to call up the taxi service.
Harry fired up the radio, triggered the send button and whispered, Leeds UnitedLeeds United.
Two clicks told him the message had been received.
All they had to do now was wait!
Three hours later, quietly waiting just inside the tree line down by the padi, the silence was shattered by a clattering roar as the Whirlwind settled in the dust.
Holy shit! said Robbie, if they didnt know we were here before they sure as hell know now, time to go!
Half way home, Peter dug into his pocket and took out one of the shell casings. He looked at it closely then looked at it again. He leant close to Georges ear and yelled, youd better take a look at this, it looks like mucho trouble to me. George took the shell casing and looked at it carefully. His heart gave a lurch and that funny feeling settled in his stomach. The casing was 5.56mm. Armalite, M16. The only troops using this in Borneo were the 22 SAS.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 4
Herefordshire, England 1984
Hi darlingIm home, called Dick Mason as he came through the front door. The house responded with silence, that sort of hollow sound that tells you nobodys in. He kicked his brogues off, onto the hallway tray, and hung his damp raincoat up in the closet.
It was exactly four years, almost to the day, since hed retired from the army. He stood in the hallway for a moment.
Beats the hell out of married quarters thats for sure, he said out loud.
The house didnt answer. I wonder whats for dinner? he thought, wandering into the spotless kitchen.
Where the hells Gema? shes usually home by now.
The kitchen gave off onto a pleasant family room, French doors opening out onto the terrace overlooking half an acre of carefully tended garden. They were lucky really. They had no neighbors behind them just some woods bordering a neighboring farm. The house itself was larger than what they needed, just him, his wife Gema and daughter Wendy. Wendy would be leaving soon, heading off to Cambridge on a scholarship.
Bloody house will be far too big then, he thought, well have to talk about that, the markets pretty strong.
There was no way he could possibly have afforded such a place as this on his Captains salary or his pension, even though hed socked away a substantial sum whilst overseas, what with all the various allowances. More bedrooms than they needed, even when they had guests, a study for himself overlooking the garden and the old barn that doubled as a garage. Theyd converted the upstairs of the barn into a large flat for some inexplicable reason, as if they already didnt have enough room, it was the original hayloft and was huge.
It was really only after Gema got that terrific job were they able to handle the mortgage and Wendys school fees. He poured himself a sherry and took it into the study. Might as well have a small one before she comes home, he thought.
It had stopped raining and the sun was trying to break through the clouds even though it was late in the day.
Typical Hereford weather, he muttered to himself, never know whats its going to do until it actually does it.
He sat in his easy chair in front of the cold fireplace, newspaper in his lap, gazing at the mass of old photos on the wall. They were mostly army friends from when he was stationed in Malaya and Sarawak. Of course that was before he got detached and sent back to Bradbury Lines to take on some of the training of wannabe SAS troopers. The others were on the golf course and at various functions with Gema. His favorite was on the mantelpiece, a portrait of Gema and Wendy taken quite recently.
Wendys a stunner, he thought to himself, shell be fighting the blokes off at Cambridge. She was tall, unlike her mother, easily as tall as he was. Shed inherited from him a straight nose and his piercing blue eyes plus the height of course, auburn hair which she liked long although sometimes she put it up, almond shaped eyes and skin the color of milky coffee. Smart girl too, hed found that out pretty quickly. She had an ear for languages and was already multi-lingual..got it from her mother for sure
He sat there, nursing his drink, looking at the photos. I guess Im lucky in some ways, he thought to himself, some of the chaps I knew quite well have retired relatively close by. George Mudd has an extremely successful business here in Hereford although hes out of the country quite often. Ron Gurney actually lives here in HerefordGeorge lives down in Eaton Bishop somewhere. Weve never been to his place. Were all close enough to the barracks to be able to socialize with some of the chaps still there. Ron and I always seem to be welcome in the officers mess although I dont think George ever goes down to the sergeants mess. Funny when you think about it..George has done better than any of us since we all retired. Well good on him I say, bloody good golfer too.
By some stroke of coincidence they were all members of Belmont Lodge Golf Course probably due to the fact that the club did offer a really good deal to retired members of the SAS being literally just around the corner. He thought about his own life since hed retired. With Gemas job he could easily have become a gentleman of leisure. Hed actually tried it for a while but got bored to death.after all how many rounds of golf can you play? So hed looked for work. The best he could find was with an Estate Agency and Property Management company in Hereford. He hated it but it was something to do and he had ample opportunity to play golf when it took his fancy.
Gemas job; he resented the pleasure she got out of it. The travelling she was able to do.the money she made. Damn it if it wasnt for him shed still be in Sarawak working as a government interpreter. He remembered ruefully the shit storm hed had when hed announced to his CO his intention to marry Gema. The army had threatened him with everything under the sun other than being cashiered. He, in turn, had threatened to resign his commission if that was what it was going to take. Theyd weathered the storm although Gema had had her problems once they returned to the barracks at Bradbury Lines. Even now they didnt get invited too often to functions that required a partner in tow. Screw em, he thought. He thought of Gema now forty three and not looking a day over thirty, Gema who, when home, goes to the dojo to practice Silat the Indonesian martial art. She had become Guru Muda the equivalent of a black belt. He had seen her in action, she was formidable.  Gema who, although she had converted to Christianity when she was fifteen, still had a shrine to the God Semangat and still believed in the spirit and the spirits of her ancestors,  Gema who strongly believed in her heritage. Gema who he had to teach to kiss as kissing was not part of her culture. Gema who had named their daughter after her mother Wening, her mother who was killed in sixty five.
The slamming of the front door brought him back to the present.
Hellooo Im home, she called, where are you?
Im in the study, he replied. She walked in, dressed in the black track suit she used for working out. Her hair was in a pony tail tied up with an elastic.
Did you grab the mail when you came in? she asked, Im expecting something from the travel agents.
Still intent on doing it are you? he said.
I thought wed already agreed, she said, Im going to start dinner.
The disagreement had started after Wendy had been accepted by Cambridge. Gema had decided that, before leaving for university and during her gap year, she would take her back to Sarawak and Kalimantan the place of her birth. Dick just couldnt see the point of travelling half way round the world to, as Gema put it, meet her heritage. Gema was adamant though and, off and on, theyd been chewing over it for over a month..every now and again it would flare up into an argument.
Of course it reached far further than that. After her family had been killed Gema had never been quite the same. Dick often wondered if Gema agreed to marry him in order to get out of Sarawak or if she truly loved him. For twenty years hed harbored the fear that she was just going through the motions when they socialized with old comrades. She seemed to turn off in a way that was only apparent to him. Of course the old comrades didnt help particularly if theyd been posted in the Far East..colonialism at its worst.
Dickie..lets not start this all over again, she said, just think of it as a holiday. Well only be gone for a few weeks, itll be a wonderful experience for her. Youll be
okay for a month, think of all the golf youll get in. Wendys really excited about it. What she hadnt expressed was her own excitement over the trip. For the last twenty years shed successfully hidden her true emotions concerning her origins. Now she had the opportunity to return. From time to time she thought perhaps she was using Wendy but shed get plenty out of it too.
Her planned itinerary took them from London to Kuala Lumpur and then on to Kuching in Sarawak. From there they would make their way to Kapit. Once there shed figure it out, after all she was Kayan, daughter of a Tuai.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 5
Going home.
She had forgotten how hot and humid it could be, she almost found it refreshing. They had flown from Heathrow to Kuala Lumpur in Malaya, stayed over for a couple of days to get over the jet lag then continued on to Kuching in Sarawak all by Malaysia Airlines. In Kuching they stayed at the Grand Continental on Jalan Ban Hock complete with pools, spa and everything else you would expect from a first class hotel.
She had stayed there once before with Dickie but only after he had taught her how to kiss.
For her it was like coming home. Of course much had changed in the almost twenty years but the essence was the same; the sounds, the smells, the bikes, the scooters, the constant chatter. No more the military traffic she remembered.
Kuching was now a bustling metropolis, a hodgepodge of races cramming the pavements. Indonesians, Malayans, Chinese the odd East Indian.
For Wendy it was everything her mother constantly spoke of. It was not the first time she had travelled of course. She had been to many places with her mother but never to the Far East with a view to entering Kalimantan. Although she spoke Malay and in fact had a smattering of Butak, her mothers native language, she had trouble understanding.more the speed and the accent than anything else.
It was a place of wonder, of excitement, a place of spicy smells and sounds, a place of beggars and pavement vendors..certainly not Hereford.
That first evening in Kuching, sitting in the long bar overlooking the pool her mother had turned to her,
I want you to listen to me now so there is no misunderstanding later Wendy, she looked her daughter in the eyes. This will not be like before, where we are going is different. Dont get used to this, sweetheart, this hotel with the pool and the fancy rooms, this modern city, she turned and looked around the room. Where we are going, in a couple of days, is one of the last truly uncivilized places on earth. There is no running water, there are no phones, there is no electricity. There are none of the things that you take for granted in your everyday life, its not even safe. Tomorrow we go shopping for you, jungle khakis, boots, headgear, a couple of changes plus a first aid kit. Youre going to need bug cream, a knife and a parang plus water bottles and backpacks for both of us. From now on where we are going is our business and no one elses..remember that.
She sat back and took a long pull of her drink. She thought back to the recent phone conversation she had had with Robbie McElroy, something that Dickie definitely did not know about. She had called him in Brunei from England asking him for both advice and help. At first hed thought she was out of her mind but eventually he had come around. She had to call him in the morning to confirm everything.
Wendyfrom tomorrow on you must do everything I say..without question. Believe me when I say everything changes but nothing changes. Where we are going..nothing changes. It is at it was. Wendy was starting to look worried. Sweetheart.dont forget.this is what I was! Where we are going is home for me, I will be welcome there.
She knew that up till now it had been easy. Starting, after they had kitted out, things would get progressively tougher, first the eight hours on a bus to Sibu, then five hours on a boat to Kapit. In Kapit they would meet the guide arranged by Robbie, apparently an old friend. According to Robbie they would not know him but he would know them. They could trust him with their lives.
Three days later they were standing on the dock in Kapit wondering what to do next surrounded by their gear at their feet.
I am Paan, I am Trooper Macs friend. A small wizened man had appeared at their side. I speak little English but good Malay. He was a small wiry man in shorts and tee shirt, parang tucked into a colorful sash around his waist. He was barefoot his arms and legs fully tattooed. Gema smiled and gave the traditional greeting.
I am Gema Suparmanputri and this is my daughter Wening, she replied in Butak. I am Kayan. I am the daughter of a Tuai, I too am Macs friend.
They followed him to a four wheel drive obviously provided by Robbie. It looked like a relic from the sixtiesan ex-military Champion.
Everything you asked for is in the truck, said Paan, I cannot drive. It is about one day to the border. The road is not too bad, it is maintained by the logging company. We can leave now.
It didnt take Gema long to figure out the gears and the road, if you could call it such, was well within the abilities of the truck. After a couple of hours they stopped to stretch their legs.
How do you know this is safe Paan? she asked.
He replied, GemaI have been watching this road now for over a week as instructed by Trooper Mac. There are no patrols here now but when we get closer to the border we must hide the truck and go on by foot. Gema nodded her understanding. Almost five hours later Paan tapped Gema on the shoulder.
We make camp now, hide truck.
They pulled off the road and drove straight into the underbrush until it was out of sight. Paan erased all sign of its passing. It will be dark soon, said Paan, no fire, no smoking, no noise, stay hidden. I check our six.
Gema smiled at the military jargon. Paan had disappeared.
The dark comes quickly in the tropics.
Try and get some sleep Wendy, said her mother, tomorrow we start the hard part.
Sitting there in the quickening dark Gema felt as though shed never left. The jungle night sounds seemed to welcome her home. She sat, cross legged, deliberately close to Wendy who was obviously trying to put on a brave face.
Get some sleep Wendy, she said, there is nothing to fear here..this is my home.
They woke in the morning before the sun rose. Paan had returned during the night and was busy distributing weight between the three packs.
Trooper Mac sent something special for you Gema, he whispered. Lifting up the back seat of the Champion he pulled out two Armalite M16s and several filled magazines. He said you know how to use this, said Paan. Gema nodded her agreement with Wendy looking on in amazement.
They are set to single shotplease missee do not fire on auto we do not have enough ammo, again Gema nodded her agreement.
Wendy you need to understand that although the terrorists were beaten years ago they never went away. Theyre still here somewhere. The odds of us meeting up with them are slim but if we do we need to be able to defend ourselves, Wendy nodded her understanding. We will distribute the weight of the ammo but Paan and I will carry the rifles, Gema said.
Paan was carrying another package back from the truck, quietly laughing to himself and doing a little jig on his bandy legs.
Trooper Mac sent me a little present too, he said all the while chuckling. Out of oily paper he unpacked six claymore mines, wire and a small transmitter.
This will get their attention, he said in Malay, laughing.
After the gear was packed Paan squatted down and motioned them over. I speak in Malay now because my English not good, the two women nodded. Trooper Mac has given me instructions. We are to move off the road about a mile west then we are to turn south parallel to the road. It is about three hours to the border. There we are to bivouac overnight. I will recce the border to make sure it is safe to cross. This will be hard going now. There are no trails.we are to make no noisethere is no hot food until we are back in Kapit. When you have to gobury everythingleave no sign. Gemado not even think about using that M16 unless I say so, Gema nodded. Paan moved as though to get up.
Do you know where were going? asked Gema.
Yes, replied Paan, I have been there. Aku tahu tempat ini.
What did he say? asked Wendy.
He said, I know this place, replied Gema thoughtfully.
They crossed the border uneventfully although where anyone knew exactly where the border was seemed a good question. It was all just thick, almost impenetrable, jungle.
The women needed a rest desperately so Paan left them, backtracked, picked a spot where they had crossed and sat motionless for four hours ensuring they had no unwanted visitors.
Wendy thought she was going to die. Her muscles screamed for respite. She dreaded looking at her feet as she had more than one blister on each. Her shoulders were bruised from the pack on her back. Her face was badly scratched from the constant struggle through the underbrush.
At first she was awed by the stature of everything, the trees soaring hundreds of feet into the sky blotting out the sun giving the impression of constant dusk. The ferns that looked so soft but cut like a knife, the constant chatter of macaque monkeys in the canopy but soon the very effort of moving forward, the energy sucking heat and the constant dripping of the equatorial jungle took its toll.
She was only allowed to take a drink every now and again and even then just two swallows of the water which tasted metallic from the treatment. She watched her mother move, seemingly effortlessly, through the bush following Paan who periodically swung his parang making the way easier. Three days Paan had said after they crossed. She wasnt even sure she could make it. What was there for her once they arrived? Paan seemed to know exactly where he was going. No compass just his native instinct, his bare feet seemingly impervious to what was underfoot.pack on his backrifle strapped to his chest..the jungle fighters way.
God Almighty, thought Wendy, he isnt even breathing heavily..neither is my mum now I come to think about it and theyre both twenty five years older than meI dont get it.
On the third day after crossing Paan held up his hand. Wait here Ill be back. It was several hours before he returned as usual just materializing like magic seemingly out of thin air.
We are there, it is no more than an hour. Gemas heart jumped in her chest. Wendy was just happy that the end was in sight.
I recced the whole areawe will be alone.safe! It will be dark soon. We make camp here, move out in the morning, whispered Paan..a habit.
That evening Gema spoke with Paan. They spoke of their lives previous to the fighting, their villages, their families. Paan was Penan, a warrior as had been his father and his father before him but, although he and Gema were from different tribes, they shared the same traditions, shared the same sense of family honor and pride.
He had been a Border Scout for three years trained by the Ghurkas in modern jungle warfare and had met Robbie McElroy when he had guided him across the border. They had become friends and soon after, Robbie had succeeded in getting him seconded to his group as permanent guide. They were a strange couple together Robbie standing a foot and a half taller than Paan, Robbie in full jungle gear, Paan in shorts.
Mac came to find me when he came back to Brunei, he gave me job. Now I have small house, wife and food to eat, I have his six, he said. Again Gema smiled, she was fond of this little man. He was genuine but he made her sad, he reminded her of what was. Paan squatted looking at his feet. When you come back hereand you will, you come find me. Mac will know where I am, I will guide you.
They entered the old village site early in the morning. They came in from the north the river on the leftstill flowing..still dark brown and oily. The old, rickety docks had long disappeared. The very shape of the banks had changed due to the flooding in the annual wet. The jungle had done its job. The entire site was completely overgrown in secondary growth. Many Meranti trees, those giants of the jungle, had seeded but had not yet grown tall enough to block out the sun, lianas grew everywhere. You could see where the old padi fields had stood down by the river, overgrown now but you could tell the outline.
Wendy could see her mother fighting her emotions. Gema could see, in her minds eye, the padi fields as they were, hear the happy shouts of the children playing on the soah and the calls of the women working in the rice fields. They pushed through the brush in the general direction of where the Longhouse had stood. Suddenly they could see the ironwood posts still standing so many years later, totally covered in vines that would flower profusely once it rained. Paan, with his parang, cleared some of the brush exposing solid piles of black embers. Gemas eyes misted over. Wendy put her arm round her mothers shoulders.
I was born here, whispered Gema, Long Alat ..I spent the first fifteen years of my life here.on this very spot. I didnt see a visitor, a stranger, until I was fifteen years olda missionary. Taking a sighting from one of the end posts Gema turned east and began to push her way through the underbrush. Wendy and Paan followed her. She was obviously looking for something although what it could be, after so many years, Wendy had no idea.
What are we looking for mum? she asked. Her mother stopped and turned.
We are standing in the middle of what used to be the soah. It was a large clearing in front of the house that was used for festivals and quite often where the children played. My brother and I played here all the time..hard to imagine now, she said wistfully. Im looking for a grave. Uncle Robbie told me some bodies had been buried here and stones placed like a cairn.
All three started looking in earnest using their parangs to cut away the brush that now covered everything. It was Paan that found it. The cairn had collapsed over the years and was now just a pile of rubble. Paan took his parang and cleared the area around it. Gema sank to her knees, tears flowing unashamedly down her face.
This is what we came so far for..this might be my parents. She could still not be surethere was no proofthe doubt still lingered. Paan rummaged around in his pack and, taking out a small parcel, knelt in front of Gema holding it out in his two hands..head bowed down the traditional way of the Barat. In Malay he said gently,
I guessed why we were coming here so I brought you this small gift. He passed her the package wrapped in traditional leaves, unwrapping it she found a small blanket. It is pua kumbu, said Paan, the traditional Iban ceremonial blanket often used in funerals, my gift to you. He stood up smoothly and moved away from the stones leaving Gema and Wendy together.
Gema spread the blanket on the ground and kneeling on it said to Wendy, come kneel with me. In Butak, her native language, she said the traditional prayers to the dead and to the God Semangat. She invited the spirit of the dead to join with hers as was customary among the Kayan. She stayed there for almost an hour her mind casting back to another life, another time, marveling at what time had done. She just knelt there still and quietremembering the good things. The spirits were quiet as they had been before. Eventually she stood up, stretched and walked over to Paan.
What happened here? she whispered.
Ada yang tahu. Nobody knows, said Paan.
They spent the next day clearing the area around the gravesite down to the bare earth and rebuilding the cairn of stones in the full knowledge that the jungle would quickly claim what it had claimed once before. Wendy was dreading the four day trek back to the truck. Shed only just made it here. Her mother had treated her blisters from the first aid kit but theyd only just started to heal. Paan would not let them dump the ammo or the claymores so they had to be humped out. She just shook her head and hoped she would not let her mother down. Too quickly it was time to leave.
Paan, with a grin on his face said, Trooper Mac has another surprise for you, pulling a small radio out of his backpack he triggered the mike and said, not in a whisper this time,
Leeds UnitedLeeds United.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 6
RSM George Edward Sticky Mudd MM Rtd. 1985
George stood just off the fairway on the fourteenth. His drive had leaked a bit to the right and he was mulling over which iron to use on his approach shot.
Six ironll probably do it, he thought reaching into his bag. He remembered what Peter Brenner had told him the last time hed visited from Yorkshire.
Just let the club do the work and slow down, had been his advice, he should know. Since Peter had retired hed become senior assistant at Moor Allerton Golf Club in North Leeds. George lined up and swung slowly. A little thick but on the green. leaving about twenty feet for a birdy. Harry was already walking up to the green, bag over his shoulder.
As George walked up, skirting a couple of bunkers, he looked around. He really liked this golf course although he had played many others. Other than his business, golf was his second love. Whenever he travelled, which was often, his clubs went with him. He had other interest too, he still loved to shoot competitively and belonged to a gun club down in Bristol where he shot both shotgun and handgun. What was most unusual in England was that he had a license to carry a function of the security services he provided. When in the service hed been obliged to use the Browning High Power but now his sidearm of choice was the Sig Sauer P225; lighter and more reliable but the same caliber.9mm, most of the time it was locked up in the safe at home.
This golf course was his home course. Hed played here for years in fact since 1960 when hed first joined the SAS.other than when he was deployed of course. Not that hed had too much opportunity when hed first arrived the training being probably the toughest of any military unit in the world. He looked off to his left through the trees and across the fifteenth fairway. The Brecon Beacons loomed brown and green in the distance.
Thats where we all originally connected, he thought, Harry Downer, Peter Brenner and, of course, his closest friend Robbie McElroy. Its a wonder were all still alive and kicking, he thought. Now I think about it I even met Dick Mason here but that was a little later. He was thankful that, in the main, they had been able to keep together through their careers though now retired and in civilian life. Unusual for the army, he thought, not that they were all really close.
Dickie and his wife lived in Hereford.just around the corner really.George had bought a small estate in Eaton Bishop just down the road. Harry lived in Gloucester not too far away really..little over an hour if the traffic on the A4103 wasnt too bad and Peter Brenner lived up in Leeds. He came down to Hereford pretty regularly to make up a foursome and chew the fat. He usually stayed with either George or Dickie. Unfortunately they didnt see much of Robbie at all.at least the other guys didnt. George saw him several times a year on business.
Hey George.tee off, theres people coming up behind us, youre in some sort of lala land, Harry almost whispered. George knew this was a jungle habit hard to get rid of and not uncommon with men who had served in Malaya and Borneo.
What you whispering about Trooper? he said affectionately, pulling his driver out of the bag, were on the bloody golf course!
The two friends played the next four holes in good time George just dropping the one shot on the eighteenth..enough for Harry to have to buy the drinks in the clubhouse.
Sitting in the bar overlooking the first tee and the eighteenth green Harry said. So hows the business George? unusual for you to be home this time of year, usually youre off gallivanting in some far off place.
George mulled this over for a minute. You know youre right Harry. Its nice to be able to back off a bit at last but having Robbie in Brunei had made a huge difference.
I gotta admit, said Harry, for a Regimental Sergeant Major youve developed one hell of a business in not too much time at all.
You know Harry we always used to say there are times when its better to be lucky than good. It applied in the bush, it certainly applies on the golf course and I guess it applies in business too, said George thoughtfully.
After sixty six and the cessation of hostilities in Borneo George had rotated back to Bradbury Lines and got involved in the SAS training programs. Hed often thought that Dickie had engineered that move although it had never been discussed. DickieCaptain Richard Mason Rtd ex CO of A Troop in Sarawak, regular golf partner, now involved in the Real Estate business in Hereford. George had constantly put off retirement as hed never really decided what to do with his life. Hed even spent another year in Brunei at the Jungle Training facility the British Army maintained there. In nineteen seventy three he met Judy McLelland and they were married two years later.
On this very golf course, not soon after, hed met Terry Metcalfe and, on his days off, invariably played with him. Terry had a small security business based in Hereford at that time focusing on residential security. With the cash George had accrued whilst overseas and with Judy prodding him to get out of the army George was able to buy into the company..although there never seemed to be too much for him to do. It was quickly apparent that the business didnt provide sufficient revenue for the two of them and George was able to buy Terry out. The bugger had now completely retired and still played with George on a regular basis.
In nineteen eighty the worst of the worst! His wife Judy was killed in a hit and run while jogging one morning. The driver never caught. He let his mind spiral back to that day.
The day the police did not come to him.
The day a friend in the West Mercia Police called him with the news.
The day he drove over to the pretty, tree lined lane, close to the house they had just bought and not even finished fixing up yet.
He was still living in the same house in Hereford.
No we any more.
Flashing lights, yellow tape, ambulance, police cars.
Judy, in her jogging suit, not yet covered, thrown like a crumpled ragdoll into the ditch.
Not much blood but left leg and arm in unnatural positions. He knelt by her side, no tears. Her face was quiet, no marks, a look of surprise perhaps.
People not knowing what to say.
A police sergeant telling him that she probably didnt even see it comingthat it would have been quick..thinking he was being kind.
Police, walking the lane looking for skid marks perhaps..clues.
Not remembering driving home but remembering walking through their househis house nowJudy stuff all over.
Shopping list on the fridge.
The magazine she had been reading.
Her clothes in the laundry hamper, did he know how to run the washing machine?
The overwhelming sense of emptiness.  The house seemed to echohollow in the missing.
Hed seen his fair share of death..more than most he supposed. That was his job..not to die for his country but to make the other bastard die for his. That had been his profession and hed been good at it. Hed lost friends during his career and hed mourned them but death was a shadow that hung over them all. Dont dwell on it.its just there..move on, have a drink! Never any regrets.
This was different. This is, was, his wife. Theyd been trying for a baby. The things hed wanted to say to her and never did.
He found the emptiness almost unbearable although hed spent most of his life alone. In fact now he was rarely alone, his friends gathering around. He didnt feel alone but he did feel loneliness.
He couldnt see where he was going without her..didnt really care.
Hed gone on a six month drinking binge and probably only survived due to the intervention of his close friends, particularly Robbie McElroy. He threw himself into his work sometimes working twenty hours a day.
Hed added an armored car service specifically catering to cash deliveries to the burgeoning ATM business and had finally landed a contract with an oil company providing security on a couple of north sea oil rigs east of Aberdeen. Here he was in his element.
His source of staff were retirees from the SAS and the Parachute Regiment, their knowledge of terrorist tactics, small arms and overall discipline instilling confidence in his clients and a performance second to none. His business just took off almost in spite of him. Suddenly he was a wealthy man but nothing could replace the loss of Judy. She was there all the time.in spirit. Sometimes he imagined he could hear her voice. No matter what he undertook she drove him onbut he never wept for her. He did all the things she would want probably even in the manner she would prefer but, in his heart, he knew she had a hold on him.
He finished the renovation of the eighteenth century house they had bought together in Eaton Bishop because he knew that that would be what she wanted. In the quiet moments he missed her desperately but he still never cried for her.
She became a benevolent specter.
It became apparent, after a couple of years of trying to be in several places at the same time, that he needed a right hand man he could trust. Robbie McElroy came on board as General Manager Oil Rig Security. Not so long ago he had been approached by Shell Oil to provide security for their oil rigs in Brunei. Robbie McElroy, who was single, was promoted to General Manager Far East and was now living in Brunei.like he said, almost like going back home except for the shortage of pubs.
Have you heard from Peter recently? Harry interrupted his daydreaming.
Nope cant say I have, said George, but I was talking to Ron Gurney the other day. Hes been making noises about organizing a twenty year reunion of the chaps that were in Sarawak, said he was going to talk to Dickie about itnot that Dickies said anything yet.
Sounds like a hell of an idea although Im not sure how many of them will show up, from what I understand theyre spread all over the world. Shit some of them are working for you in Brunei, said Harry.
George thought about this for a moment. Hed have to come up with some sort of rotation or he ran the risk of having no one on the ground in Brunei for a couple of weeks.
What will you do Harry? youve got a bit of a one man show over there in Gloucester. Harry had opened a martial arts club in Gloucester, a few years previously, teaching self defense to primarily ladies with nothing better to do with their timebut the money was good.
Shouldnt be too much of an issue, depends on the timing really. If people are likely to come in from all over the place it should last more than a couple of days. Mebbe get in a bit of golfmebbe a visit back to Bradbury Lines, said Harry thoughtfully, see what happens!
~ ~ ~

Chapter 7
A Gentlemens Club in Kensington.
Tony sat in the mens club in Kensington eying his well manicured nails while putting a match to the cigar the waiter had just brought him. He drew on the cigar until it was burning evenly and looked around him.
A typical London Gentlemens Club albeit located in Kensington rather than the West End or the City. Course he shouldnt complain. It was one of the few clubs that accepted Asians he thought cynically.not a sign of racismnot bloody much. Of course you can buy yourself into anything today and he certainly could afford it.
He sat in the corner in a comfortable brown leather easy chair, todays newspapers on a side table to his left and his lunchtime sherry to his right. He always sat with his back to the wall. He liked to be able to see the comings and goings, good habit, no nasty surprises that way.
He was a middle aged, rather urbane looking gentleman, going grey at the temples, obviously in good shape for his age, testament to his regular visits to the gym. His suit looked as though it came from Savile Row although he had bought it and several others in Hong Kong for a tenth of the price.
His shoes were well shined.usually by the shoe boy in the clubs lobby. His tie, he always wore a tie when in Kensington, had a vaguely military look to it although hed just grabbed it one day in Harrods. He drew contentedly on his cigar.
If only my old friends could see me now, he thought.
The nice thing about this club was that it was within walking distance of his store on the Kensington High Street. He specialized in importing and distributing teak furniture throughout the UK and had one top of the line retail store of his own. For the distribution side he had quite an extensive warehouse down in Brixton not far from the old jail and just up the street from the YMCA. Hed recently expanded his business onto the continent and now had a regular truck running from London to Amsterdam.
Nobody really knew where the money came from originally and nobody seemed to care.
The business was successful although, as he was quick to say, it was a function of the effort hed put in rather than luck. He certainly wasnt afraid of hard work. He paid his taxes and contributed to charities of his choice.hed even run a half marathon.Run for Heart. A Chelsea fan, he owned season tickets, and tried never to miss a home game.
Hed recently bought himself a townhouse in the very upscale St. Johns Wood area, living on his own and having a housekeeper come in three days a week to do all that domestic stuff. Hed thought of getting someone a lot younger, much prettier and perhaps killing two birds with one stone. He smiled at the thought. Hed also indulged himself recently and spent a stunning amount of money to join a golf club down in Richmond. It amused him no end as that club had always prided itself on being one of the last bastions of white anglo-saxon Protestantism..an Asian.what in the world is happening to our society? He smiled to himself and turned to the sports page. Life is good.
The smartly dressed gentleman, sitting at the bar enjoying half of bitter, looked at Tony over the top of his glass, nodded to the barman, finished his drink and walked out of the club getting into the passenger side of the car idling at the curb. The car pulled out into the traffic and headed off in the general direction of the West End. Tony Wei got up, retrieved his Burberry (very British) from the cloakroom and, after tipping the doorman, headed off in the direction of his store.
Better get a move on, he thought, have to be down in Hackney in a couple of hours and I need to head home and change first, cant go down there looking like this!
Leaving his car in the mews garage he took the Tube to Liverpool St. station and walked to one of his favorite Vietnamese restaurants, the Viet Hoa, owned by a friend of his. He was hardly recognizable, the suit replaced by baggy jeans, tee shirt and faded leather jacket, on his feet a well scuffed pair of trainers that had started out life white. On his head the blue of a Chelsea FC cap, over his shoulder a gym bag that had seen better days.
He walked through the door to the restaurant. It was half full with the lunchtime crowd. Waving to acquaintances he sat down and ordered a bowl of soft noodles but instead of waiting he quickly walked through the kitchen area, nodded to the owner and let himself out through the back door to the alley behind.
The young colored guy, in the grey hoody, settled in a doorway on the opposite side of the street and waited for Tony to have his lunch.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 8
Hereford.
Bill, bills and more bills, said Gema sitting at the kitchen table, the stack of unopened mail lying between them.
Anything there from Wendy? asked Dick.
Kids dont write anymore, said Gema, they use e-mail. I spoke to her yesterday, shes settling in fine, at least she hasnt asked for more money yet.
That doesnt look like a bill.whats that? said Dick. Gema passed the rather stiff square envelope across the table.
Its the invitation to the Regimental Reunion  Ron Gurney has been talking about, I wondered when we would be getting it, looks like quite the affair.
Wives included? asked Gema.
Its a three day event, said Dick, a golf tournament, a dinner come social and a visit to Bradbury Lines. Wives or partners are invited to the dinner bit but not the tournament or to the barracks which is hardly surprising I suppose.
You can say that again, retorted Gema, knowing the Regiments efforts at secrecy.as though nobody knows, she said derisively. When is it?
Bout a month from now, not much notice for the chaps that have to come a long way. Is that from the golf club? he said nodding at another envelope lying on the table.
Looks like it, said Gema, passing it over, anything important or another bloody assessment. How much money do they want this time?
Actually its the inter-club tournament schedule, said Dick. Next one is shortly, Richmond Club, theyre coming here. At least we dont have to go down there, snobby bunch.
You playing? asked Gema.
For sure, said Dick, me, George, Harry and Faulkner.
*
So where are they? asked George. They were standing in the pro shop. Seen the price of these new sweaters? bloody daylight robbery!
You should care, said Harry, out of my league though.
So whos playing who? asked George.
Its thee and me against two of their blokes, Dickie and Faulkner against the other two, said Harry, just straight forward stroke play as usual. If theres a tie therell be sudden death like last time, gorgeous day for it.
Sorry to keep you chaps waiting. Ron Gurney walked in.
Heres your competition I was just giving them the two quid tour. This is Tony Wei, hope I pronounced that right, and Ron Maunder. Chaps meet George Mudd and Harry Downer.
The four shook hands. George had met Maunder before at a previous tournament but Tony Wei was a new acquaintance.
He couldnt help noticing that, when he shook hands, the Asians grip was steely and his hand calloused in a way George had encountered before.
Delighted to meet you, said George, if you chaps are ready we might as well get on the tee and get going. So where are you from Tony? asked George making conversation as they walked to the first tee.
St Johns Wood actually, said Tony laughing, his voice very cultured.
Were you born there or come from somewhere else? asked George, curious.
Actually Im from Viet Nam originally but Ive been here so long I feel as though I was born here. Tony was wearing tan slacks, an Argyle sweater and two tone Footjoy shoes, dressed for the day. Where you from George? he asked.
Born and bred around here Tony, definitely a local boy. Harry here lives in Gloucester.
Visitors have the honor Tony. All four teed off, all four finding the fairway.
Thats a good start, said Harry, usually George is off to the right. I think he likes it over there.
The game progressed well, accompanied by the usual banter shared by people who play a lot of golf. At the turn Tony was up by a couple of shots on the rest of them.
I gotta pee before we go to the tenth, said George.
Ill come with you, said Harry, dont like using the bushes with guests in tow. See you guys on the tee.just a couple of minutes. 
George and Harry stood side by side at the urinal.
That oriental bastard cheats, said George.
I know, said Harry, not worth making a thing about it though. Its pretty obvious, Im sure Maunders noticed it too.
Just keep me in check, said George, Im likely to flatten the fucker. Ill tell you something else Harry.if hes from Viet Nam Ill blow you in the bar!
*
The house was empty, Wendy away at Cambridge, Dick on the golf course with his army buddies.
She knelt on her pua kumbu, the gift from Paan, in front of her shrine to Semangat. She placed, on a mat in front of the shrine, items she had brought back from her trip to the Mahakam acquired for her by Paan, the skull of a baby orang utang, sacred to the Kayan, an amulet made from human hair, a small, smooth stone from the grave in the soah. She stood up smoothly and, first stripping to the waist as was required, began the basic yet difficult motions of the basic Silat. She moved around the room, taking aggressive stances, stretching and tensing all the muscles in her body, gliding until the sweat ran down between her breasts.
Finally, taking the sacred ketebung, a ceremonial drum, she quietly beat on it with a drumstick carved from one of the ironwood posts still standing in the place where she was born.
She asked for guidance. She asked for a signbut nothing was forthcoming. She looked for the spirits of her forebears but she couldnt see them. Semangat will guide me when he is ready, she thought, he will guide me as he guided my ancestors but in his own time.
She knew that within her was a simmering anger but didnt know why. It was vague, without direction. Sometimes shed wake up in the morning angry and not know why. She could never talk to Dickie about it. He just didnt get it, far too cerebral for him. Hed just brush it off and tell her not to worry about it.
In the shower she thought about him. Their relationship, their R as she liked to refer to it, had been normal at first in spite of being virtually ostracized by the army wives although the feelings they both had on that night in the beach were never really replicated. The coming of Wendy was a bright light in an otherwise rather dull life. At every opportunity she drove herself hard at the gym and the dojo. She learned how to control her body with her mind, to withstand pain, to ignore that wall that stopped most people and simply crash through it.a second wind.a third..a fourth.
Dickies retirement changed everything. not that things were great before. Hed tried being a gentleman of leisure, the atypical retired military officer. He was bored to tears.
Finally he got a job.other than the army the first job hed ever had.selling houses for an Estate Agent in Hereford. He never really liked it but it got him out of the house. The real crunch came when Gema got The Job. Her multi-lingual skills landed her a position with an international translation company.
She loved it..she blossomed. The money was great and she got to travel. Dickie slowly became more and more resentful of her success..more withdrawn. He spent more and more time with his cronies on the golf course. If he didnt actually play he would spend the time in the bar.
Sure they went through the motions, lots of people did she knew. He hadnt touched her in months but she didnt really mind that.
What she did mind was that she couldnt talk to him other than the normal pleasantries and the necessities of living under the same roof. She still felt alien in an alien land.
After the trip, with Wendy, to Sarawak shed seriously thought of leaving him and returning to Kuching but how could she do that with Wendy going to Cambridge?
She tried to talk to Dickie about moving away from Hereford, away from the army. He adamantly refused, got angry with her, saw it as a personal attack. She, in turn, became resentful of anything and everything military. Things military had had a direct impact on her life ever since she was fifteen most of it not good. She remembered her father telling her before she left to live with the missionaries:
Gema everything changes and nothing changes. Wherever you are the issues and challenges remain the samejust a different jungle.
He was a wise man.
~ ~ ~

Part 2
*
Chapter 9
The Northern business.
Tony left the golf club feeling well satisfied with himself.  Hed won his match which was all he was concerned about.
Its all about winning, he thought to himself, I never lose!
After loading his clubs into the boot of the car he turned out onto the A4103 but instead of heading south towards London and home he picked up the M5 and headed north letting the Bimmer have its head.
The miles clicked off steadily..bypass Birmingham..M6 towards Manchester. Just south of Rochester he pulled into a truck stop. Taking the old gym bag off the back seat he went into the washroom and locked the door. He came out wearing the baggy jeans and leather jacket hed worn down in Hackney.
Continuing north he found the M62 east in the direction of Leeds.
Before he hit the outskirts of Leeds he turned in the direction of the Leeds/Bradford Airport, parked the BMW in the Long Stay Car Park and took the courtesy shuttle to Departures.
He walked through Departures and took the escalator down to Arrivals. In Arrivals he walked over to Hertz Rent a Car and rented a nondescript Ford Fiesta using a credit card and license that, other than the photograph, bore no resemblance to his true identity. Driving out, via the parking lot to retrieve his golf clubs and clothing, he drove out of the airport and into Leeds.
The smartly dressed gentleman in the grey Audi tucked in four cars behind looked apprehensively at his fuel gauge.
Slippery bastard, he said to himself, hope Ive got enough fuel to stay with him, thought Id lost him on the motorway,  that Bimmer sure moves right along.
*
Avi sat on the worn, plush bench seat facing the street door. The whole pub had seen better days, fuck.. the whole area had seen better days. Chapeltown wasnt safe during the day never mind at night, even the cops walked the beat in threes!
Chapeltown;  home to immigrants, legal and otherwise, turf of at least three gangs constantly fighting over the drug trade.
Honest, hardworking folk had long been pushed out to the likes of Moortown and Roundhay. You could buy anything here..right in this very pub, drugs, guns, girls, boysanything. All you needed was the cash!
Avi sat, quietly waiting, nursing his lemonade. He wouldnt drink alcohol even for the sake of the movement although hed been taught it was an excellent cover. He looked around him in disgust, two Sikhs in turbans, pints in hand having a heated discussion. The barman, leaning over the bar talking to a known local pimp. What a dump, he thought, hope I dont have to wait much longer.
The bar started to fill up, not good this. He was starting to feel conspicuous, sitting on his own, in a pub getting more raucous by the minute. His tradecraft screamed at him to get out now. Suddenly, standing in front of him, out of nowhere a nondescript oriental bloke in leather jacket and jeans.
Avi? Tony sat down, slightly at an angle to Avi, but still able to see the door.
A pro, thought Avi.
I dont want to be in this dump too long, said Tony, mebbe the fleas have learned to jump, whats up?
Can you handle four more? asked Avi.
Depends on the when of it, said Tony, Ive a truck going over next week if they can be held that long.
Should be OK, Avi said, trying not to raise his voice over the increasing noise in the bar, same price?
Expenses are going up but youre a steady so well keep it the same for now, ten thousand each, half now and half on delivery.
OK, answered Avi, give me forty quid.
What the hell for?
For these tickets to the match tomorrow afternoon, he pushed a pair of tickets across the grimy table. Leeds is playing Fulham at home...Elland Road. Make sure no one grabs the seat next to you. Someone will be along with the ten grand.
Tony picked up the tickets and walked out onto the street. He ambled north about a hundred yards, paid the kid the tenner hed promised him to keep an eye on the rental and drove north up the Chapeltown Road back into civilization.
The smartly dressed gentleman sitting in the dirty blue Vauxhall keyed his mike, Heading north, he said and tucked in several cars behind.
Going through Moortown and just before Moortown Woods Tony pulled into the parking lot of St Johns Church and quickly changed back into the tan pants and Argyle sweater hed worn in Hereford. Lacing up Sperry Topsiders he thought to himself,
Cant look like a slob in the Harewood Arms.
Twenty minutes later he pulled into the Harewood Arms, an upscale pub right opposite the gates of Harewood House home to the Queens cousin. How appropriate, he thought.
After checking in and after an excellent meal he settled in the lounge bar to while away the rest of the evening.
Not bad really, he thought. Soccer match tomorrow, round of golf at Moor Allerton on Sunday then pick up my car and head home on Monday.
The smartly dressed gentleman keyed his mike.
Hes settled in for the night. Chaps a bloody chameleon. Call and see if they have a vacancy and have one of our chaps stay over. Impossible to keep an eye on him from out here, theres no cover.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 10
The Reunion.
What are the ladies wearing tonight? Gema called downstairs.
Your little black dress should do the job, replied Dickie.
What are your chaps wearing? Gema making conversation.
Its optional, called Dickie. If theyre still serving itll be number two dress. The retired guys will probably show up in suits or blazers. I couldnt get into my old uniform if I tried. Just blazer and slacks for me I think. Im sure Ronll be in his Mess kit.
Gema sat at her dressing table looking at her reflection in the mirror. Shed cut her hair short.it was so much easier to look after. No wrinkles yet..couple of laugh lines round her eyes. Her skin was still unblemished. She seemed to shine with good health. This is a new one, she thought, Ive never been to a bash like this, how am I going to feel in a room full of military that have never caused me nothing but trouble for as long as I can remember? Top of thatits those damn army wives, have to be nice I suppose.
Is everyone staying at the Lodge, Dickie?
I think so, he replied, Peter and Harry too I would think. Save them having to drive back for the tournament tomorrow. You ready yet?
Ill be down in a few minutes, she called.
He walked over to the barn, backed the car out and sat waiting for her, the car idling. She came out of the house uncomfortable in her high heels and sat in the passenger seat. Pulling out of the laneway he suddenly stopped.
Damn Ive forgotten the invitation, need that to get in.
Ill get it, she said, where is it?
I think I left it in my desk in the study, he replied. She went back into the house and into his study.
Where the hell would he have put it, she thought. She rummaged through the top drawernothing but the usual stuff, pens, pencils, paper clips, his diary. She looked through a couple more drawers but still couldnt see it.
In the bottom drawer an old manila envelope caught her attention, scrawled across the front, in faded ink, the wordsSarawak 1965. Curious she opened the envelope.
She froze like a deer caught in the headlights, her mouth dropped open with a gasp. A dozen photographs fell out onto the desk, the first a photo of a headless man lying in a pool of blood. She recognized the tattoos, the second the crumpled body of an old man lying at the foot of a ladder. It was bloated and covered in flies. She recognized her grandfather, the next a photo of a grave and a stone cairn, behind, carrying their weapons Peter Brenner and Harry Downer.
The rest were general shots of the old village, the burnt out Longhouse, close ups of spent shells in the dirt.
She had to hold on to the desk to stop herself falling. She tried not to panic exerting self control that was almost unnatural. Tears sprang to her eyes but she forced them back.
Dick was honking the horn in the yard. She found the invitation on a side table and went back to the car locking the house behind her.
You alright? asked Dickie driving away, you dont look well at all. She sat there mute hardly daring to open her mouth.
Hey Gem whats up? he asked.
I feel sick, she murmured, if it wasnt so important to you I wouldnt go. Maybe Ive eaten something thats upset my stomach, I might throw up.
Well get you something to settle your stomach at the club. Well be there in less than half an hour, he said. Just like her, he thought, throwing a bloody damper on something Ive been looking forward to for weeks.
Her emotions were crashing around in her head. He knew..her husbandthey knewthey all knew.
All those years of doubt.of not knowing and they knew.
In the twenty short minutes it took to drive to the lodge she imposed her will. Her Silat training allowed her to control herself and all the tangled up emotions that would overcome her.if she allowed it.
She knew that the true trial was about to begin, tonight of all nightsa Regimental Reunion..perhaps the very people in the photos. Not perhaps..for sure. Control control.
Walking through the door into the lobby of the lodge which after all formed part of the golf club they were greeted by Colonel Ron Gurney and his wife. The Colonel in Mess Kit as Dickie had predicted, his wife looking frumpy and years older than Gem although they were the same age. The wife offered a perfunctory greeting to Gema and a limp handshake. Gema responded with a brief hello and a swift, steely grip of the hand. She saw her wince.love it, she thought.
Although they were not the last to arrive there were about a hundred men in the room most accompanied by their partners.
Theres more people here than I thought, said Gema.
Have to remember that three squadrons rotated through Sarawak about a hundred and eighty men in total. Ron told me that slightly more than half would be showing up. Good turnout I think, replied Dick, his eyes quickly scanning the room.
Last time I spoke to you we were in Kapit, the Scottish burr of Robbie McElroy came from right behind her. Paan says hello, he added with a smile. He also said not to forget what he told you. His bulk dwarfed her small frame. He had hardly changed, if anything he had lost weight, he looked tanned and fit.
She smiled. Hi there Robbie, at last a friendly face. Brunei seems to agree with you, you look terrific.
No pubs, thats the problem. Other than that its fine enough. He smiled at her. She saw genuine warmth in his look.
Please not him, she thought.
Seen anyone else here you know? he asked.
Not yet but weve only just arrived. I see Peter and Harry quite regularly as they play golf here quite often and of course I see George all the time. Hes a member here as you know and doesnt live too far away.
Robbie looked out over the crowd and suddenly waved two men over. One was in uniform, Number Two dress of the Royal Irish Regiment, a sergeant, the other in blazer and grey pants, the sergeant sporting two rows of theatre ribbons on his chest.
You remember these chaps Gema? asked Robbie, OHara and Jennings. They both worked in your husbands office in Kuching.
Gema shook hands. I remember you both very well, she said. how nice to see you again.
You havent changed one little bit, said Paddy,
and youre still Irish, said Gema, outwardly smiling.
Her mind was in a turmoil, Dickie seemed to have forgotten she didnt feel well and of his offer to get her something to settle her stomach. Typical, she thought.
The crowd swirled around her. She felt like a rock. Outwardly she was polite to everyonethe wife of Captain Richard Mason Retired ex Officer Commanding A Troop, 22 SAS. Inwardly she was seething, her mind a maelstrom of conflicting thoughts. Is everyone playing golf tomorrow? she asked.
George replied, I think about sixty, the rest have opted to go fishing down on the Wye, the lodge owns about a mile of the river.
The evening went slowly for her. The noise level increased..hand shakingback slapping.the odd hug, men who had shared danger together meeting for the first time in years. Do you remember..? Speeches after dinner, Remembrance for people passed. More drinks. Gema seemed to float above it. It was as though she was looking down on it..a casual observer.
They drove home in silence,  she turned to him in the car,
You knew I wasnt feeling well Dick yet you insisted on staying right to the bitter end. We could have left two hours ago and no one would have noticed. It wasnt often she voiced her dissatisfaction. More like her to bottle it up inside, not let it fester perhaps, more to file it away to bring out later and add it to the other issues piling up.
Well youll be able to rest up over the next couple of days, golf tomorrow then over to the barracks on Sunday. Ill be out of your hair, he replied. Gema shook her head in exasperationand thought of Wendy at school.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 11
A night at the fights.
Tony sat in his favorite chair in his club feeling particularly pleased with himself. Hed just been paid the balance of the twenty grand for bringing in the merchandise from Amsterdam. The trip had gone without a hitch apparently, although they might have to do something about better ventilation for the space below the truck bed. Not that he really cared. Hed make sure to collect..dead or alive. The more surprising turn of events was Avi calling him for a different type of merchandise. Hed refused to talk on the phone quickly interrupting Avi before he could open his big mouth.
Ill be down at the gym in Brixton Wednesday evening. Drive down and meet me there. Well talk about it then, he said.
Of course Avi had given him an argument.
Im not discussing it on the phone, Tony snarled, if you want this stuff from me you get your arse down to Brixton or forget it!
The following Wednesday he made his way to the Victoria Line and took the Tube to Brixton, the last stop on the line. Dressed in jeans and Chelsea Football Club jacket he fitted in well with the crowds. It was just a short walk to the gym. As was habit he stopped a couple of times in front of shop windows carefully watching the reflection. Once he walked into a department store and out of a different door. He hurried across the street and watched to see if anyone familiar came out after him.
The black kid watched him from the store. Hes getting careless, he thought, getting a bit complacent. What an idiot..Im better than that, smiling. Satisfied Tony continued on his way.
The kid keyed his speed dial, Hes heading for the gym for sure. Have someone pick him up on the way out.
There was already a good crowd in the gym. Illegal, bare fisted fighting was gaining in popularity and not just in London. All types were getting involved in it. He knew professional men who fought on a regular basis. He knew a dentist and an insurance agent, good family men with good businesses who, once entering the gym changed personas completely.
Who was to know what they told their families when they showed up at home all bruised and battered.and that was the lucky ones.
Some of them did it for the money or the notoriety. Some, like Tony, did it for the rush. It satisfied a streak in him that he much preferred to the character he was obliged to display the rest of the time. There were no rules and no decision.
You either won or you lost, the other guy lying on the canvas bloodied and beaten. Some ended up in hospital. Every now and again someone was killed. Tony rarely lost. His training allowed him to not consider the consequences..just win at all costs.
After changing in a room that, at best, could be described as a dump, he waited for his name to be called. He sat on a bench, towel over his shoulders, listening to the crowd roaring. He had no nerves. He never felt nervous just a feeling of anticipation.the rush.
Stepping into the ring he eyed his opponent. Hed seen him before. He was developing a bit of a belly. He knew him as a bit of a brawler definitely doing it for the money and, looking at his face, hed been around for a while.
The belly, he thought, thats the weak point. Stay out of his way, hell get impatient particularly if the crowd starts to boo, then hes toast.
The bell rang. The brawler came out of his corner heavy on his feet. He swung a tentative roundhouse at Tonys head. Tony slipped out of the way on his toes and waited for what he knew was coming. The brawler rushed in and took him in a bear hug. He was strong for sure and needed a shower badly. Tony took a head butt, aimed at the bridge of his nose. He took it on the forehead and promptly stamped on the guys instep. The grip slackened. Tony relaxed completely and slipped out of his grasp. Stepping in he slashed with his foot behind the guys left knee. He went down with a crash. He hasnt learnt how to fall, he thought, as he danced away. I need to get this over with. I have to talk to Avi. Id rather do that not feeling like crap.The crowd started to boo as Tony had not followed through while the brawler was down. He probably could have finished it then but why risk. He waited for him to get up, the crowd getting more anxious. As he stood Tony gave him a foot to the stomach. The air came out of him with a whoosh. Wheezing he bent over gasping for breath Tony gave him straight fingers to the throat. It was over! The crowd wasnt happy but Tony had other things to do tonight.
The smartly dressed man, sitting in the crowd, on the dirty bench applauded and shouted with the rest of them.
Hes good, he thought, wouldnt want to tangle with him on my own.
Tony showered, changed back into his jeans and waited for Avi in the changing room. Theres a pub just across the street lets go over there, he said.
Tony watched Avi carefully over the top of his Guinness.
Why drive all the way down here from Yorkshire? he asked himself, theres nothing he cant get up there. Avi, making sure they werent overheard said quietly,
I need guns Tony. Tony was surprised.
How come you cant get them in Leeds? he asked.
I can, said Avi, but theres a couple of reasons I dont want to. Firstly I dont want to get them locally and secondly.these are military..ideally British Army. I was sure you might have a contact.
Bloody expensive, said Tony, a lot of people have to be paid off. Depends what you want too. Probably cost at least twice maybe three times what they would on the normal market.
Were prepared for that, said Avi.
Tony noticed the use of the word we.
OKheres what well do, said Tony, no point in driving four hundred miles round trip every time we want to talk. Ill give you a mobile number to use. Its a Pay as you Go number so it cant be traced. Always and I mean always call me from a public phone and never use the same one twice. Got that? One mistake in this and Im gone. Avi nodded his head. Ill also give you a Fax numbersend me the list of what you want, never use e-mail you understand that? again Avi nodded his understanding. After youve sent me the list you wait one week and then call the number I just gave you. I will give you a price. There is no negotiation. You pay for the drinks. Im outta here.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 12
Gower St. London WC1
Rowden looked around him as he walked into the building. It had seen better days and he knew it was scheduled for demolition. Their new home was actually under construction down on the river, Thames House he thought it was going to be called. Bout bloody time, he thought, as he walked up the two flights of stairs. Green lino on the floor, scuffed walls in some sort of government beige..or was it green? Who the hell knew, it even smelled musty, like some of the people here. Wonder why theyve brought me down from Hereford? didnt think I was that popular round here anyway.
He walked into meeting room number three. A group of men were sitting around a large oval table, papers strewn all over the place, a large screen at one end of the room. Closing the door behind him and noticing that it closed with a satisfying clunk.
Rooms soundproofed, he said to himself.
Sit down David, long time no see, howre things up in Hereford? asked the Commander and Davids boss.
Pretty darned quiet just now, said David, I thought there might be a bit more going on being surrounded by so many active bases.
Well have to see what we can do for you then, wouldnt want you to get bored, man of your talents, said the Commander smiling at his own wit. I think you know everyone here except perhaps Jerry, indicating a slim young colored man in blazer and regimental tie. Lets get on with it then. Topic on the table and the reason youre here David is Tony Wei and Portland Place.
Who the hell is Tony Wei? Never heard of him, thought Rowden, Portland Place is obviously a reference to the Chinese Embassy.
The best way to do this is just go round the table, said the Commander. For your benefit Major, he said eyeing David over the top of his half moon glasses, weve had our eyes on this pillock for over a year now, for sure his real name isnt Tony Wei but thats not the issue just now. OK lets get on with it. Major just sift out the info thats relevant just now. Theres a secret file thatll be made available to you later.
There followed a detailed report on Weis coming and goings over the last month. Of specific interest to David Rowden was that he had played golf recently with two ex army types in Hereford. It was obvious he was in the illegal immigrant business running a truck from Amsterdam to London and that he had regular contact with a known terrorist in Leeds who used the name Avi. How much of this involved the Chinese wasnt certain. Opinion was that Wei was playing both ends against the middle. On the one hand an agent for the Chinese on the other in business for himself probably unknown to the Chinese. They had taps on his home in St Johns Wood, the shop in Kensington and the warehouse in Brixton. He recently had a meeting in Brixton with Avi. It must have been pretty important to bring him all the way down from Leeds.
Make sure the Met keeps their hands off the fight club in Hackney for the time being anyway, said the Commander, they can deal with that one later.
So Commander whats my play in this? asked David.
Not quite sure yet, he replied, Ill probably know better in a week or so. Wei obviously has something going down with Avi so well keep even closer tabs on them both until we know more. Okay gentlemen unless anyone has something to add thats an end to this meeting. Keep me in the loop, my instincts are telling me something is going down we need to know about. David stay back for a while would you.
The group filed out leaving all the notes on the table destined for the shredder. Lets go in my office Davegrab a coffeeif you can stand the stuff. They settled comfortably in the Commanders office, feet in front of the electric fire, sipping on the not so hot coffee.
So how you making out up there Dave?
Bored out of my tree, said David.
Thatll teach you to be a naughty boy Dave, said the Commander smiling at him. If you keep breaking the rules and taking short cuts its bound to catch up with you. I tried to run some defense for you but the brass were insistent they teach you a bit of a lesson.
I understand where theyre coming from, said David, but why dont they understand that if we play by our rules and the bad guys play by theirs were gonna lose. Like someone saidnever take a knife into a gun fight!
Hey Im on your side in this, said the Commander, Ive known you too long. You get results but the world seems to be a changing place. Were more in the public eye, more accountable, anyway back to the case in point. Somethings going on which might need your specific skills but let there be no misunderstanding, I cant protect you if it all goes sideways. If it goes right youll be a fucking hero and all will be forgiven.
Just what I need, said David laughing, do I stay in Hereford?
For the time being yes but Ive a feeling this is going to spread all over the place. I dont want to be getting into all sorts of jurisdictional arguments so Im going to make you point in this, said the Commander. If needs be well invoke the Counter Terrorism Act..that tends to cut through the red tape and gets peoples attention. He took another sip of the coffee. Your army contacts still good Dave? he asked.
Most of them are still around, if not active at least still close to whats going on. I still have good friends in the SAS and the Parachute Regiment, if thats what youre asking?
Thats exactly what Im asking, said the Commander, somethings going down and Ive no idea what it is. Hopefully well bring something to light in the next week or so. He stood up. Ill be in touch Dave, anything you need give me a bell, do you have a secure line installed in Hereford?
Yes we do, havent had to use it yet though, said David laughing.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 13
The beginning.
This has to be my favorite pub, thought David.
He was sitting in the snug in The Green Dragon on Broad St. just down the street from the Cathedral. No slot machines or pin balls, I like that. Good beer, terrific cider. What more can a man want?
Buy a lonely girl a drink? Jennie Plowright was standing by his stool.
Pint as usual? asked David.
Sounds good to me, where you been? havent seen you for a couple of days, said Jennie.  Jennie Plowright, Detective Sergeant CID attached to the West Mercia Police. A career cop although you wouldnt know just looking at her. A pert thirty year old complete with freckles, turned up nose and auburn hair cut in a page boy. He knew she had a caustic wit but was an excellent copper. Shed been divorced for a couple of years now. Shed had the occasional date but nothing serious according to station gossip.
After being consigned to the boonies of Herefordshire and in order to give his presence some legitimacy David had been attached to the CID in Ledbury and ultimately sent to Hereford to work out of the Bath Street Station. Jennie was his partner.
I was down to London for a couple of days, he said ordering another pint for himself. Nothing serious, bit of business, anything happening? he asked.
Absolutely nothing, she said, a couple of break ins that the uniforms should be able to handle, kind of quiet really, you in the office tomorrow?
No reason why not, might have to go down to Ledbury some time though.
How come? she said.
Now if I told you that Id probably have to shoot you, he said laughing, just something to do with my transfer, no big thing, Ill be in the office first thing though, another beer?
The following morning he got to the office balancing a couple of Starbucks, one for him and one for Jennie..double, double.
She was waiting for him at the counter. I knew it was too bloody quiet, she said.
What now? he said putting down the scalding Starbucks.
We have a killing out at the Belmont Lodge Golf Club. Not sure whats going on. The uniforms are out there waiting for us. Theres something weird about it apparently. Bring the coffees lets go.
Whos been killed? asked David, keeping his eyes on the road the siren clearing the traffic.
Dunno yet, said Jennie, apparently theyre having trouble identifying the bloke.
At least they know its a bloke, said David, its a start, he said mirthlessly.
*
Its bedlam, said Jennie pulling into the parking lot, shit theres people everywhere, looks like theyre not letting anyone on the course. Apparently the bodys out there somewhere, these must be all the members.
Hope no ones messing up the crime scene, said David, Forensics on the way?
Theyve been called in, said Jennie, but they have to come all the way from Ledbury so they might be a while yet.
Give us a chance to get a good look around then without them getting their knickers in a twist, said David.
Any idea who the deceased is? asked Jennie, heading out onto the course the golf pro driving the golf cart. Who found him?
Our first foursome of the day found him, said the pro. Hes in a bunker, on the fifth, close to the pond, four women in the group that found him. Apparently all four are in shock and a para-medic has an eye on them back in the clubhouse. They havent been allowed to leave.
Who is he though? asked Jennie again.
We dont know, answered the pro, you see he doesnt have a head and hes starkers.
They drove down the middle of the fifth fairway and came to a stop at the top of the hill overlooking the green below them surrounded by bunkers, the pond off to the right.
Yellow tape had been stretched around the immediate crime scene which appeared to be the bunker on the left protecting that side of the green.
Need to move the tape back at least a hundred yards radius from the bunker, said David, lets get the uniforms to do it immediately and then get everybody out of here.
There were several police and two para medics close to the bunker. Jennie walked over, careful where she was putting her feet.
Jennie Plowright CID, who was first on the scene?
I was Miss, said one of the uniforms.
Thats Sergeant to you constable. Get everyone out of here and gather by that golf cart up on the hill. Relocate the tape at least a hundred yards in every direction. No vehicles close until I say so that includes the forensic team when they show up.
She waved David down the hill.
You OK with this Jen? he asked.
Ill survive David, dont worry about me.
The body was laid out in the middle of the bunker as if on display. It was quite naked and lying on its back, arms straight by its side.headless. The entire bunker had been raked, no footprints, not a blemish in the sand other than the parallel marks made by the rake.
Sergeant Plowright. The voice called from the top of the hill, the forensic truck parked next to the man waving.
Thatll make the grounds staff happy, said David a truck in the middle of the fairway.
Stay where you are, called Jennie, Ill let you know when to come down. She turned back to the bunker.
So what do you see Jen or rather what dont you see? asked David.
Theres no blood, she said, ergo he wasnt killed here. This is not the primary crime scene.
Right and wheres the rake, for that matter wheres the head? said David, who the hell is he? This entire thing is staged, whoever did it wanted him to be found like this. Theres a message herefor someone anyway.
How did he get here? asked Jennie, the uniforms must look for signs of a vehicle, that or someone is extremely strong or there was more than one perp.
OK, said David, get the uniforms down here in an organized search but no closer than fifty feet of the bunker. Let the forensic people down here but no truck for the time being. I want photos of everything from every angle. Tell the pro the course is closed until further notice. As of now the entire golf course is a crime scene. Everyone out of here except the four that found the body and the staff that were here at the end of the day yesterday and first thing this morning. See you back at the clubhouse, nothing more to be gained here.
After interviewing the staff, the lady foursome and the constable first on the scene it was apparent there was nothing more to learn from them than what they already knew.
First thing we need is an ID, said David, after that the time of death and the cause. Without an ID we can do virtually nothing, lets get on it!
It was several days before they were able to meet with the Forensic Pathologist working out of Ledbury.
Im afraid, as of now, I cant answer all your questions. I can tell you from the body temperature that he died late the previous evening. As far as cause of death..Ive no idea. He was beheaded post mortem but I can find no other trauma. Weve sent blood samples down to the Forensic Science Service in London. Theyll send back the toxicology report when theyre done. As for identification,  nothing yet. We took the prints and ran them through our own data base but nothing came up. Again weve sent them down to London see if they can come up with something. One thing I can say though, the head was taken off with one single cut. Whoever did that is very, very strong. I would think they used a sword or a machete, something pretty big anyway and very sharp. Not much help Im afraid.
Later, sitting in the Green Dragon, bloody hell were nowhere with this, said Jennie, without an ID we cant even start.
 Check with Missing Persons, said David.
His name is Harry Downer, said Jennie the following afternoon in the station, his wife reported him missing in Gloucester and then identified him this morning from some scars on his legs. Shes pretty shook up. Well get confirmation when we hear from the FSS in London.
Well its a start, said David, lets try and shake up Forensic Services on the prints.
It wasnt much later in the day that they received a fax from London. Well, they confirm his name is Harry Downer but then theres a twist to the bloody thing, said Jennie.
Whats that? asked David.
His file is classified, she replied, secret for Gods sake. David thought for a few moments. Shes bound to find out eventually, he thought, so I might as well tell her.some of it at least.
I can get the file thats not a problem, he said.
You gotta be kidding, she replied, looking at him questioningly.
Its getting late in the day, lets go for a pint and Ill fill you in, how about it? 
OK, but youre buying.
Later, sitting in an alcove in the Dragon.
OK, out with it, David, it is David isnt it? I thought there was something about you. She sounded a bit hurt.
Dont get niggly with me Jen I just wasnt able to say anything but now Ive no choice. Now youve a need to know I guess. Im actually with MI5 attached to the Anti-Terrorist Task Force although thats not why Im here in Hereford. Truth is I was a bad boy by my bosss standards. I cut a few corners, got sick of the bureaucracy, the bullshit, it tied my hands. I got the job done but the brass werent happy with the how of it so they decided to teach me a lesson, ship me out to the boonies. Course theyre not completely stupid. Here in Hereford were surrounded by military bases so it seemed like a good place to put me out to grass. Weve the SAS close by at Bradbury Lines, the Royal Irish Regiment up in Tern Hill and the Royal Gloucesters close by. Im actually a Major in the Parachute Regiment but not active, been part of the Task Force for quite a while. Ive been around a bit too. I was in Malaya and Borneo. My contacts are pretty good. Thats really all you need to know I think.
Not sure I like being kept in the dark, but I can see why you had no choice, she said taking a pull of her pint, so what now?
Get the file on Downer and talk to the wife, he said.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 14
Moving right along.
Tony sat in his Brixton office looking at the unidentifiable fax in front of him. Expensive stuff, what they going to do, start a bloody war? Only place to get this stuff is a military armory, he thought. He looked at the items. An L86 A1, thats a brand new light machine gun, not sure its even been issued yet.
Heckler and Koch MP-5KA4, thats a sub-machine gun in 9mm I read about that somewhere, going to cost a fortune.
Do I call or just drive up to Worcester and surprise him? better call first and let him know Im coming.
He took a number from his personal phone book and dialed it directly.
Jennings, a voice answered.
Tony Wei, he replied, you going to be around the next day or two? might have a bit of business for you.
The listener in the truck at the end of the street logged the time of the call and picked up his mobile.
Might have made his first mistake, he said, he called a number registered to a Jennings Militaria up in Worcester, driving up there in the next day or two. The Commander at the other end of the phone hung up and dialed a secure number in Hereford.
Dave I want you to take a look at a guy in Worcester.  Names Jennings, owns a Militaria shop over there. Make it quick, need the intel within twenty four hours.
Two days later Tony took the BMW, turned up the M40 in the direction of Oxford. The silver grey Audi picked him up as he went past High Wycombe. When he turned south on the M5 the Audi was replaced by a dirty blue Vauxhall. There was already a team staking out the store and a tap on the phone.
The intel, provided by Dave Rowden was, in the first instance, quite surprising. Jenningss military experience was classified!
Purely coincidental was the consensus of opinion. That was twice in just a few days.
No such things as coincidences, thought David, thinking like that gets you killed. What David did not share with London was that both Jennings and Harry Downer had been in the 22 SAS, not just that though, theyd been in the same Troop in Sarawak, Jennings a clerk in HQ in Kuching and Downer a Trooper in an Air Team. Much less of a coincidence now, particularly in the light of the fact that Wei had played golf with Harry and someone called George Mudd just a few short days ago at Belmont Lodge.
The team outside the shop had not had the time to get any sort of bug installed. Tony was in there for approximately an hour then left, driving straight back to London. However they had had the time, although it took a warrant, to get the GPO to tie them into the phone in the shop, the phone at Jennings home and the public telephone just outside the shop. Later in the day Jennings came out of the shop, entered the public phone booth and dialed. The recording machines automatically switched on and logged the time and date.
Tern Hill Barracks, was the announcement.
Quartermasters stores please, said Jennings.
Quartermaster, after a few rings.
Sergeant OHara? asked Jennings politely.
OHara, what can I do for you?
Paddy its Frank, how you been? Im going to be up over your way sometime in the next few days want to get together for a beer?
Sounds great Frankie, meet me at the Tudor House Hotel in Market Drayton next Wednesday its not too far from here. 1900 hundred hours okay?
See you then Paddy, replied Jennings and rang off.
David and Jennie listened to the recording for the tenth time.
Obviously theres something going down although weve no idea what it might be, said Jennie.
No question about that Jen but Im convinced theres some connection here with Downers death, I just dont believe in coincidences.
So whats next? asked Jen.
A number of things so well have to split the work, firstly we need to talk with Downers wife, after that lets look up this Mudd chap that they played golf with. We need to check out this Sergeant OHara that Jennings spoke with and I need to go talk to the Officer Commanding at Tern Hill. In case you dont know, Jen, Tern Hill is the headquarters of the Irish Regiment.
By the way.have we heard back from Forensic Services in London? we really need to know the cause of death of the headless man. He smiled grimly, I thought you said it was quiet round here!
*
Marjorie Downer was a tall, rather angular, woman in her mid forties. She came to the door of the neatly kept semi, smartly dressed for that time of the morning. Jennie introduced them both and she invited them into the living room.
Would you like a cup of tea? she asked, the kettles on.
That would be lovely, said Jennie.
Whilst she was out of the room David did a quick circuit. There were photos everywhere but none of any kids. Mostly they were old army buddies, many obviously taken in the jungle. Some were groups of ladies with Harry in the centre, obviously some club or other.
Marjorie came in carrying the tray and noticed him looking carefully at some of the photos. She set the tray down on the coffee table.
After Harry left the army he opened a martial arts school here in Gloucester. Lord knows whats going to become of it now, perhaps I can sell it.
We have to ask you a few questions Mrs. Downer if thats okay? said Jennie.
Marjorie, if I may call you that, said David. I know about Harrys involvement with the SAS, Ive seen his file. Youre probably worried about the Official Secrets Act but we are both cleared at that level so you may speak freely. She seemed relieved, she brightened up and poured the tea.
Harry loved it in the Regiment, most of them do. He really regretted having to retire but he knew he was getting a little old for that sort of thing. Being a specialist in unarmed combat the school seemed to be a natural for him. Jennie asked the standard questions about known enemies and strangers hanging around. There was nothing as she expected.
Marjorie, who is George Mudd?
George is or rather was Harrys best friend. Theyd known each other for over twenty years. They served in Malaya together and Borneo. Harry always used to sayGeorge has my six.
They played golf regularly at Belmont Lodge, at least twice a week. George has done very well for himself but his wife was killed some time ago just after they bought that beautiful place in Eaton Bishop. A few of them managed to stay close you know. Peter Brenner comes down from Leeds quite regularly to play golf,  hes a pro up there. Their old CO lives in Hereford, thats Captain Mason, Dickie to his friends. Hes the one that married that native girl,  hes a member at the golf club too.
Robbie McElroy used to be around a lot but hes in Brunei now. He works for George out there, he was here for the reunion but hes gone back now.
*
We only asked about George Mudd, said David laughing as they drove back to Hereford.
Later that day, okay, Jen, lets divide and conquer. Ive asked for the file on OHara and Ive an appointment to see the commanding office at Tern Hill. You go talk to this Mudd chap and Ill meet you in the pub tonight and well share notes.
Youd better call me on my mobile then because Tern Hill is a bit of a drive, she replied.
Eaton Bishop was a picture postcard type of English village only about ten miles from Hereford on the banks of the Wye, a bit awkward to get to as it was on the other side of the river. She had an appointment to see George Mudd at the old manor house and hed given her easy instructions for getting there. As instructed she turned in at the old wrought iron gates and drove up a winding driveway lined with ancient Beeches, at the top of the hill stood the eighteenth century manor house.
This place cost a bob or two, she thought getting out of the car in the gravel forecourt. Two black labs came bounding round the corner barking their greeting.
They wont hurt you, a tall gentleman standing in the doorway. She took a few moments to study him before walking over to shake his hand. He was probably about forty five. Approximately six feet, tanned and extremely fit, didnt look as though he had any fat on him at all. He was wearing tailored cavalry twills and a Tattersall shirt open at the neck. He rough housed the two dogs as she eyed him.
Im George Mudd and you must be Jennie Plowright, he said shaking her hand firmly.
Detective Sergeant Jennie Plowright actually, she said, Im attached to the CID of the West Mercia Police.
Please come in, he said, make yourself at home,  dont mind the dogs. She followed him into a drawing room filled with light from the tall windows overlooking a paddock.
What a beautiful house, she said.
Yes, I sort of rattle around in it on my own. Just couldnt bring myself to sell it when my wife Judy died. I have a housekeeper to look after the place for me,  she and her husband live in the Lodge House down by the main gate, works out really well for everyone as Im out of the country quite often.
Id like to talk to you about Mr. Downer but before we start I should formally inform you that I have clearance to talk to you concerning your military past. You may call my Super to confirm if you wish.
That wont be necessary Jennie..may I call you Jennie or would you prefer Sergeant? He smiled at her across the coffee table.
Whichever you prefer Mr.Mudd, she replied.
Ive known Harry for twenty five years,  we were more than just friends. We fought together in both Malaya and Borneo. As Im certain you already know we were part of C Squadron 22 SAS stationed in Kuching. We were in the same team. I would think we saved each others lives several times over. So, you see, its more than friends. He looked sad and tired as he spoke,  he was obviously far more affected by the loss than he liked to make out.
In those days we were a very small group. Just the one troop working out of Kuching, four teams of four chaps each. Our HQ comprised of only three people, Captain Mason, our CO, who lives in Hereford by the way and two clerks who performed functions ranging from performing radio watch to making sure we had everything we needed.
Do you remember their names? asked Jenn, intuition she thought.
I most certainly do, said Mudd, my team was Harry, Peter Brenner, Robbie McElroy and myself. Peter lives up in Leeds but comes down here quite often. He either stays with me here or with Dickie Mason in Hereford. Robbie actually works for me and lives in Brunei.
Do you remember the names of the clerks too? asked Jennie.
Yes I do, he replied, Jennings and OHara.
Jennies heart skipped a beat, Jennings and OHara, what the hell is going on here?
Any idea what happened to those two? she asked.
I believe OHara is still in the service although he must be close to retirement I would think. As for Jennings Ive no idea. Do you have any idea what killed Harry? he asked.
Not yet, she replied, were still waiting for the toxicology report from London. Our people in Ledbury couldnt figure it out.
He must have been incapacitated in some way you know, said George, Harry was an unarmed combat specialist,  he would have been tough to take down. Certainly take more than one..probably more than two, he said wistfully. Jennie looked round the tastefully decorated room.
What do you do for a living Mr. Mudd? He looked at her smiling
You mean how can I afford all this being a retired SAS Trooper? Fair question, he said blue eyes twinkling. He looked at her. He saw an extremely attractive woman, short auburn hair and a skin that must break out into a thousand freckles when hit by the sun. She had a local burr to her voice and seemed very at ease with herself. I own a security company,  we specialize in oil field security. I have a couple of customers in the North Sea but my largest customer is in Brunei. Robbie McElroy is my manager there. As a matter of interest nearly all my staff are retired SAS troopers. They know their business, theyre a formidable lot, he said laughing.
She stood up. She couldnt wait to talk to Rowden about Jennings and OHara, maybe there was a connection. Harry Downer dead and these two ex clerks obviously up to no good, somehow Tony Wei mixed up in the whole bloody thing.
Gotta be off, she said, love your house.
He looked at her seriously. Id appreciate knowing the cause of death as soon as you know, would you give me a ring?
*
There is a connection you know, said Jennie. She and David were sitting in a corner alcove in the Dragon comparing notes.
Rowden had just returned from Tern Hill and Jennie was fresh from her interview with George Mudd.
There is? said David, sure its not just bloody coincidental?
Weve got this Wei bloke and nobody knows who he really is, whos in touch with a known terrorist and is involved in the human smuggling business. He, in turn, is in touch directly and indirectly with two members of an old SAS team. Suddenly, out of the blue, another member of the same team is murdered on the golf course and Wei had played golf with him recently and with this Mudd chap. It stinks..thats what it does.
How did you find Mudd? he asked.
He was more upset than he likes to make out, she answered. There were four of them, all in the same fire team, seems like they went through a lot of crap together. Funny thing is, other than one, a chap called Robbie McElroy,  theyre all pretty close, geographically that is, including their CO Richard Mason. McElroy works for George Mudd in Brunei. The big thing seems to be is there a tie in with Wei? Apparently the two blokes on the tape we were listening to, Jennings and OHara,  were also in Sarawakin the same bloody troop as the others.so there is a connection.
Well Ill be buggered, said David, so maybe youre right and there is a connection with Downer getting topped. Might pay for the two of us go chat with Mudd at some point of time, said David thoughtfully, in the meantime have someone do a discreet financial check on him, he seems to be the only one with money..not sure why but lets do one anyway.
OK, said Jennie, so what happened with you up at Tern Hill?
Oh shit, the guy drove me nuts, talk about full of his own importance. He was like a Colonel Blimp. Eventually I had him call the Commander in London. Course I could only hear one side of the conversation but I think he scared the shit out of him coz after that he was as nice as pie. Not sure he would notice anything if it was right under his nose. Anyway he had no reports of anything untoward concerning OHara. Id already checked with the Ministry and got his SAS recordnothing weird there either. Colonel Blimp did introduce me to a Lieutenant that commands the Military Police on the base. He seems to have his head on right. Told me theres ongoing petty theft out of the quartermasters stores but they cant pin it on anyone specific. Hell let me know if theres anything serious. Other than that thats about it for now.
It was several days before they received the toxicology report from FSS in London. It was preceded by a phone call from one of the managers down there. Jennie took the call.
Sorry this took so long, a young sounding voice over the phone,  had us baffled for quite a while. All our normal tests yielded absolutely nothing so we had to look further afield..but we got it eventually. Its an agent called Antiarin.never even see it before, we also found Rhamnose which is a sugar compound.
Put the two together and you have the basis of the latex from the Antiaris Toxicaria tree.  OK, now this part is going to blow you away if youll excuse the pun..this is the poison used by the old head-hunters in Borneo!!
Jennie just stood there her mind spinning every which away. Another connection..but weird!
The coroner feels he has no reason to hang on to the body any longer, said Jennie, back in the station with David, and Marjorie Downer is on our case about the funeral.
Okay, said David, we might as well release it but were both going to the funeral. I want to see whos there.
*
It wasnt raining but it would soon, a dull, gloomy day.
Not a bad turn out for a chap without too much family, thought David, standing next to Jennie on the fringe of the crowd standing around the gravesite.
Thats George Mudd over there, said Jennie, and I think beside him, in the trench coat, is Peter Brenner.
Whos the bloke with the wispy moustache and the gorgeous Asian? asked David.
Im pretty sure thats Downers old CO with his wife Gema.
Well Ill be damned, thats OHara over there and Ill bet money thats Jennings with him, whispered Dave.
The rest of the mourners were made up of some family, members from the golf course,  ladies from the martial arts club and a military honor guard from the Regiment complete with reversed arms and a bugler.
Harry Downer was laid to rest in an old Gloucester church yard, surrounded by friends old and new, to the sounds of the Last Post echoing off the ancient, moss covered walls.
*
It started to rain.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 15
Gemas Cave.
Gema had been away for a couple of weeks and wasnt due back for another couple of days. Things had got so bad between the two of them that he didnt even know where she was. The house seemed very empty to him what with Wendy being at Cambridge. She didnt seem to call home that often in fact she only seemed to call when Gema was home. Gema just hadnt been the same since the reunion, not that things had really been any good before. She would barely look at him never mind talk to him, just the essentials usually to do with running the house and Wendys needs at school, always distant..as though she were somewhere else.
Dickie busied himself at work but wasnt as happy at the golf course as he had been before. The death of Harry was weighing heavily on him, he had even made a recommendation to the committee that they re-design the fifth hole as nobody liked playing it any more. It was under consideration.
The police had been to see him but he hadnt been able to add anything to what they already knew, however they were going to come back and talk to Gema once she returned from wherever she was.
Her car pulled into the cobbled yard in front of the house.
He didnt know if he was pleased to see her or not. The truth be known he was a bit nervous about seeing her. She seemed to grow stronger with time.more purposeful.
She strode into the house without her customary Hi darling Im home, greeting. She came into the kitchen after hanging up her coat in the hallway.
Hi Dickie, she said quite softly, I have a few things Id like to talk about if you dont mind. Ive had time to think a lot over the last couple of weeks and Ive made some decisions that affect us both. She walked into the living room and sat on the couch pulling her feet under her. He followed her and sat in the chair by the fireplace looking into the empty grate. I think for years weve been living a sham of a life, she started, things came to a head when Wendy went away and Harry getting killed has caused us all to think a lot about life in general.
Dickie didnt even look up. He just continued to stare morosely into the empty fireplace.
I know my job hasnt helped the situation so I am accepting part of the blameperhaps even most of it, she said trying to put a bit of a smile into her voice. We certainly tend to go our own ways. You have your job and I have mine. You go to the golf course,  I go to the gym or the dojo. We do nothing together any more. Dickie weve just grown apart, it happens. Im not suggesting we split up, I am suggesting some changesproviding you agree..although wed have to completely re-visit the issue if you find you cant agree with my suggestion.
She got up and walked over to the window overlooking the courtyard. Im going to move into the barn.. at least it will put that flat to use at last. I think we should hire a housekeeper full time and I have someone in mind. She can take the spare bedroom with the ensuite and the room opposite as a sitting room. It would work out very well. She will look after the house,  do the cooking and everything else. Neither one of you will ever set foot into the flat, that is the only rule. I will continue to pay my share of the whole place and we can continue to get on with our lives, really not much different to what were doing now.
If you want to go ahead and have an affair go right ahead..but not here..not in this house. If you decide you want to split up or this arrangement is no longer acceptable please let me know and I will leave immediately and stop paying the bills.
Dickie continued to stare into the fireplace.
Things really havent been very good since you came back from Borneo with Wendy and theyve gone from bad to worse since the Reunion, he said sadly, I just wanted us to be happy like that evening on the beach in Kuching but I guess its not to be. We can try your arrangement for a while and see how it goes,  people are bound to find out though.
Im not sure I really care, she replied, the army wives never accepted me and nearly all my female friends are either at the gym or the dojo. You dont know them and have never expressed an interest in them so what does it matter?
The police were here about Harry, he said quietly, theyll be coming back,  they want to talk to you too.
Me.why me?  she said seemingly alarmed.
Just routine I suppose. I think theyre talking to everyone that knew him, Dickie offered, anyway theyll be in touch.
The barn was on the other side of the cobbled yard,  probably built in the nineteenth century, stone footings and wooden siding up to a new roof. The ground level, which used to be stables, had been converted into a three car garage and the old hayloft into an apartment. It was large with access from an outside stairway up the side of the building to a cantilevered landing that also served as a sundeck as it was facing south. Inside a modern kitchen and bathroom with ten foot ceilings, the bedroom the same. They had installed quite recently a new furnace, hot water heater and a phone line separate to the main house. The open plan living area, which was huge, was open to the original beams in the roof with two large, slowly turning fans to push the heat down. Two sides were primarily window looking out over farmland.it was a spectacular room.
Gema had added her own touch to it. She had imported teak flooring which cost more than the appliances in the kitchen. It glowed in the sunlight. She had furnished it with bamboo and camphorwood furniture imported from Indonesia and had spread, on some of the floor and parts of the walls, those woven rugs famous in Sarawak and Borneo..the Pua Kumbu..the Itak.
In one corner she had built a shrine, a miniature temple, to Semangather God. Lying on the shrine the head of a baby Orang Utang, an amulet of human hair and a small pile of smooth pebbles, to one side the drum and stick carved from Ironwood.
It was the closest thing to home shed had since shed left home at the age of fifteen. It was her caveher sanctuary.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 16
The Museum
The jangling of the phone brought her out of a deep sleep.
Shit..whos calling me at this stupid hour its my day off, she said to the empty room. She slid out of bed dressed just in a tee shirtshe rarely slept in anything elseand grabbed the phone before the call went to her answering machine. It better be good, I was asleep, she muttered. 
Detective Sergeant Plowright? a deep voice asked.
Yes, she replied, waking up suddenly.
This is George Mudd out at Eaton Bishop. Sorry to get you out of bed but something has come up which you need to know about. Can you get out here? you might also want to bring your partner with you.
Be a couple of hours Mr Mudd. I have to shower and grab some breakfast. Ill call Inspector Rowden now. Hows lunchtime sound?
*
My oh my just look at you, said David, youve got legs! Not sure Ive seen you in a skirt before.
Oh shut up, said Jennie.
Well you look very nice I must say, nice legs, we going somewhere special? Jennie had tried on several outfits and had settled on a black skirt, black sweater with a red blouse worn underneath, on her feet high heeled, red patent leather, shoes.
Not sure I can even walk in these bloody things, she said, thought Id have a bit of a change, Im always slumming around in slacks and flat shoes.
Yea right, said David grinning, so whats up?
Dunno, she replied, I got this call at the crack of dawn said he wanted to see us both, sounded a bit bothered actually, ready to go? Ill drive.
Driving out to Eaton Bishop they discussed the case in hand.
Were actually no further ahead than we were before, said David, we have some circumstantial stuff against Tony Wei but other than thatnothing, a total dead end. I have another meeting in London next week perhaps something will come of that. Its bloody exasperating!
Pulling in through the wrought iron gates the house came into sight.
I see what you mean, said David, place must have cost a bloody fortune. His financials all came up legit though,  hes just done very, very well for himself. Parking in front of the Georgian portico the front door opened and the two labs came tearing out both wearing red scarves followed by George Mudd.
Hello there Sergeant, please come in. You must be David Rowden, pleased to meet you. They shook hands each noting the grip of the other. George seemed very
subdued as he showed them into the drawing room. Can I get you something? Mrs. Iredale has made some lunch.
I think were fine for the time being, said Jennie.
Ill come straight to it then, said George, as I told the Sergeant, I played golf regularly with Harry Downer and also with Peter Brenner. Peter was another member of our Team in the Regiment, he retired up North and became assistant pro at a golf course in North Leeds. I called him yesterday to invite him down for a while,  we were all very close in the old days. He didnt answer the phone, it was an Inspector with the West Yorkshire Police,  he told me Peter had been killed!
The room was silent, each lost in their own thoughts. David was the first to speak, How did he die, did they say anything?
Well they wouldnt talk to me would they, replied George, other than they suspected foul play.
Thats the trouble with the systems in this country, said Jennie, theres no central information data base. The different jurisdictions work on their own. Wed have found out eventually but it would have taken forever. David just sat there, looking thoughtful, gazing out of the window watching a mare with a late foal grazing in the paddock.
Mind if I use your phone, its a London call? he asked.
Go right ahead Inspector, said George. David dialed the building on Gower St. and was connected to the Commander. Rowden here Sir, he said, this is not a secure phone, watching George out of the corner of his eye he saw his eyebrows go up and then his face go impassive. He explained the situation to the Commander and requested all the information be acquired from the West Yorks and forwarded to the office in Hereford. Perhaps I owe you an explanation, he said turning towards George.
George just shrugged, up to you.
Ill give you the bare bones then, said David. Im Major Rowden of 1st Para. Im part of the Counter Terrorist Squad currently working out of Hereford. We had our eyes on a character in London who youve actually played golf with.
Tony Wei that cheating bastard, said George.
You remember him then? said David laughing, the  problem is he seems to be tied in to other members of your old Troop in Sarawak. David then recounted the facts, as they had them,  concerning OHara, Jennings and Avi coupled with the fact that he could place Wei at both Belmont Lodge and in Leeds. Its all circumstantial stuff just now, we need a break.
Harry Downer and Peter Brenner were two of my best friends, said George quietly, Id like to be involved in this somehow in an unofficial capacity of course.
You know thats not possible, replied David quickly, this is a Security Services affair now its not even in the hands of local police. Just remember were all bound by the Official Secrets Act but the fact that its developing into an anti-terrorist issue allows us a little license not normally allowed regular police forces.
Lets have some lunch, said George, Mrs. Iredale makes the most incredible steak and kidney pie and theres always far too much. Jennie noted that his manner seemed a lot lighter now as though getting some information had allowed him to make a decision.
Over lunch David and George swapped stories concerning their military histories. They seemed to have a lot of mutual friends and acquaintances. Theyd both been in Malaya and Borneo and seen jungle action. They hit it off as old soldiers usually do.
After lunch standing out by the paddock watching the horses, I knew I shouldnt have worn these shoes, said Jennie, I can hardly stand in the damn things anyway.
You look very nice in them Sergeant, said Georgeand seemed to mean it.
If youre complementing me on my shoes youd better stop calling me Sergeant, she said, smiling , Jennie will do just fine.
Jennie it is then, he said, call me George.
Back in the study sipping on coffees brought in by Mrs. Iredale.
You never called me with Harrys cause of death Jennie, he said eyebrows up. She looked at DavidDavid said,
Harry was poisoned. The coroner says he was decapitated post mortem but Im not so sure
Whys that? said George.
Traces of Antiarin were found in his bloodstream.
Antiarin Toxicaria, whispered George, amazement in his voice. He stared at the floor a couple of moments, let me show you something, follow me He walked out of the room and down a long corridor. This used to lead to the old servants quarters. I converted them to guest rooms. He stopped at a solid looking door and keyed a code into an electronic pad to one side of the door. It opens the door and de-activates the alarms including the pressure sensitive pads under the flooring, he said almost apologetically, I call it the museum!
Both Jennie and David gasped as they walked in. The room was windowless and quite large about twenty five long by fifteen wide.
The walls are actually steel lined and there are separate humidity and temperature controls in here, said George. The lighting was subdued except for the individual spotlights highlighting certain items on the walls. The center of the room was occupied by a low, green, baize covered table with two comfortable easy chairs off to one side. On the right an extremely neat, well organized work bench with tools hanging on the wall behind. The flooring was cherry with Axeminster runners in front of each display. The wall down one side was covered in shields, blade weapons, bows, blowpipes and small bamboo quivers, interspersed with bright, multi colored mats and blankets. The opposite wall was covered with modern weapons. David recognized an FLN, an L7AL the general purpose machine gun used by the SAS, a Bren gun and an Armalite16.
All the automatic weapons have been de-activated, said George, in case you were thinking. The rest are functional but the ammo is locked up separately, he said, nodding at a safe standing in the corner. I also have several handguns but theyre in the safe too. It might not surprise you to know that I have a License to Carry as a result of the business Im in, however thats not why I brought you in here, he said, walking over to the other wall, this why youre in here.
He reached up and took a five foot blowpipe off the wall. Sipet, he said, the blowpipe used by head-hunters in Borneo. Walking over to the safe he knelt and dialed the combination. Reaching in he drew out a short bamboo tube. Telep, the quiver the tribesmen used to carry their darts. Carefully removing the cover off one end of the quiver he removed a dart. Ipuh, he said, nodding at the black substance covering the needle sharp point of the dart, the poison used by head-hunters and made from a tree indigenous to Borneo..Antiarus Toxicarius, the poison youre telling me was found in Harrys bloodstream.
They just stood there looking at each other and back to the dart being gingerly held by George the only sound the hissing of the air replenishment system. George replaced the dart in the quiver and returned it to the safe.
Theyre locked up because that stuff is still deadly, he said. No one really knows what the shelf life is only that as long as the sugar content is not boiled off the poison is fatal. Cooking it up is passed down from generation to generation. Apparently its the sugar that causes it to be absorbed by the bloodstream. Good for years so Ive been told. Without the sugar content the effects are purely temporary. The tribes would use it without the sugar to bring down small animals and prevent the poison getting into the meat, has a sort of stunning effect so Ive been told. David had walked over to the wall and was looking at the machete type blades on the wall.
I see there are different types here, some are quite distinctive, he said thoughtfully.
Yes theyre Mandau or Parang Latok the machete in common use in Indonesia and that part of the world, replied George. This particular one, reaching up to take one off the wall, is a Parang Ilang commonly used by a headhunting tribe called the Kayan in central Borneo what is now Kalimantan. Feel the balance of this thing, he said, handing it to David. Careful its bloody sharp too.
You could take someones head off with this thing quite easily, said David thoughtfully, looking at Jennie.
You chaps and your weapons, said Jennie, Im just fascinated by these mats and blankets, the colors are so vibrant.
Theyre also Kayan, said George, The women are famous for it ..and their basket weaving, he said nodding at several hanging on the wall.
Later, once again sitting in the study, all that stuff in your museum makes you a prime suspect, said David laughing, cant be too much of it lying around.
Actually its not too hard to get, said George, the actual weapons that is and if you know how to prepare the latex they get from that tree, the poison wouldnt be too hard to make either. As it happens Ive got perfectly good alibis for both periods of time but I suppose you should check up if youre going to do your jobs thoroughly.
*
 Interesting sort of bloke. I like him but then again we have a lot in common. He fancies you for sure, Jen. They were driving back to Hereford both seemingly lost in their thoughts.
He keeps a lot in, said Jennie, he lost his wife and now hes lost two of his closest friends but he doesnt show too much emotion. Hes either a cold fish, which I doubt somehow, or its just bottled up inside him. They drove in silence for a few minutes.
None of this is coincidence, said David, its all inter-connected. We just have to unravel it somehow. As soon as were back in the station we must talk to West Yorks and get involved in the Peter Brenner thing.  One thing I know for sure, Jennie, before we get to the whodunnit were going to have to figure out the whydunnit.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 17
Dancing.
Dick Mason sat in his study deep in thought. Hed just put the phone down on George Mudd whod told him about Peter Brenner. George had sounded concerned, both Harry and Peter being murdered and the police seemed to be getting nowhere. It had come to light that Peter had the same toxin in his blood as had Harry and that there was no other evidence of any sort of trauma whatsoever. Obviously George had a source of inside information. The concern was the obvious link to Indonesia and their pasts in the jungles of Borneo. George had little idea as to what was going on but had voiced his intention of being a little more aware of what was going on around him. He was sufficiently concerned to tell Dick that he was going to call Robbie in Brunei and fill him in.
What the bloody hell is going on? he thought,  half of Mudds Sarawak team is dead no wonder hes getting a bit itchy.
His thoughts turned to Gema. He hardly ever saw her any more. He knew she was around as he would see her car and the lights on in the barn but she seemed to travel even more than she had before and for longer periods.
It was almost dark. His new housekeeper, paid for by Gema, came into the room to stoke up the fire and check if he wanted anything. He still wasnt used to having her around but it saved having to do his own cooking and bringing in a cleaner. After all its not costing me anything so why should I bother? he thought to himself.
He stood up, stretched, walked over to the window and looked across the courtyard to the barn. Gemas Jag was parked out front and a yellow light shone from one of the windows. He could see she had lit a fire as the light was flickering as the logs caught hold. What does she do in there on her own?
Gema sat, cross legged, in front of the Shrine to Semangat, the fire light shining off her totally naked body. She sat with her arms out in front of her, palms facing up towards the shadowy beams of the barn roof. She called on the souls of her forbears to enter her body. She incanted her submission to the two divine powers, the sky and the water, depicted on the war shield on the wall, by the Hornbill and the Infernal Snakeher personal kliau.
She was swaying to the beat of an unheard drum, the ketebung, beaten by an unseen ironwood drumstick carved by Paan from one of the posts of the Longhouse where her parents had been murdered so many years before.
She stood up, the firelight reflected off her glistening body. She began the exercises of the Silat, that demanding martial discipline learnt from her Father. As she moved around the teak floor her movement became less sensual, less feminine. The beat quickened. Her movements were now the movements of the ngajat, the warriors dance, the dance after battle. The beat quickened even more and with it her movements became more and more aggressive. Her face was almost trancelike as she moved around her personal soah.
Coming to a halt, breasts heaving, she assumed the position of Singalang Burong the Rhinoceros Hornbill the national bird of Sarawak..the God of War of the Iban. Finally she knelt on the prayer mat, that had been Paans gift, facing the shrine.
Hear me my Father. I learnt at your feet. You spoke to me of many things and I have not forgotten. The sweat poured off her naked body and stained the mat where she knelt.
Dick watched the shadowy shape rhythmically slide in front of the window lit solely by the firelight.
What the hell is she doing, he thought, exercises?  but it looks as though she doesnt have any clothes on.
*
London on the phone for you Dave, said Jennie, handing him the receiver, I think its your Commander, she said teasing him.
Switch to scrambler please Major, asked the voice. Im going to drive up to Hereford, Dave. We can have a bit of a chat and swap information. Save you the trouble of coming up to London and I could do with a bit of a break, anywhere decent to stay?
Ill get you a room at the Green Dragon Sir.when are you coming down? said David.
Tomorrow if thats not inconvenient, replied the Commander, Ill call you from the hotel.
The following day the Commander and David agreed to meet at the Bath Street Police Station rather than the Dragon. The Commander confirmed that Security Services had taken over the murder investigation of Peter Brenner in the interests of national security as the Commander put it.
They gave me a hell of an argument, he said laughing, but I think it was all a front. I think they were happy to get rid of it. Forensic Services confirmed the cause of death and that it might well have been administered through a poison dart. If thats the case that makes two although Brenner was not decapitated, having said that he was found on the golf course but on the driving range this time. Does this mean we have a serial killer on our hands?
Could well be the case, replied David, but I think it goes a lot further than that. Theres this solid connection between the dead guys and an old SAS team that operated in Sarawak. Two of the team are still alive plus their old CO. George Mudd lives close by and Dick Mason lives right here in Hereford. David then proceeded to describe in detail their interview of George Mudd at his home and went on to describe the museum and its rather startling contents. Which brings us to two issues I want to discuss with you Commander, said David seriously.
This sounds ominous, said the Commander smiling.
My partner here, Detective Sergeant Plowright, is almost as involved in this as I am. The problem is she is not associated with Security Services and we have taken this whole mess over. It would be a shame to cut her out of the picture,  shes a good copper with a lot of local knowledge. Id like to keep her involved.
I dont see why that would be a problem Dave. Ill talk to her boss and the Chief Constable if I have to. Dont see why I couldnt get her temporarily transferred. Whats the other?
The others not so easy but before we get into it why dont we bring Plowright in then we dont have to repeat ourselves and you can meet her.
After the proper introductions and an explanation of what was going to happen and why, David continued with the other.
I see a problem going forward with this and Jennie.. just jump in if you have anything to add. The problem might well be George Mudd! Lets take a look at where hes at.
Two close friends of his have been murdered recently. They spent years together along with the guy in Brunei Robbie McElroy. Together they saw a lot of action in the jungle. This forms a bond that, unless youve actually been there, is very difficult to understand. He is tough and obviously very focused.
He owns a security business with branches both here in England and in the Far East. He also has access to information due to his very close ties with both the SAS and the Parachute Regiment.
For Christs sake, when you think about it, he employs just about the equivalent of an entire SAS squadron!
Pretty scary now I think about it. Im concerned he might bring his considerable assets to bear and take the law into his own hands.
Im inclined to agree with you, said Jennie, its not just the two friends but he lost his wife not so long ago. Hes very quiet about it all. Hes got it all bottled up inside of him, he might think he has little to lose.
The Commander got up and paced the small room. The way I see it we have two options. One.we warn him off but he might not take the blindest bit of notice the way you describe him. Two..we bring him on board as a consultant but on the understanding that he can never be a shooter and has no formal rights as do you two.
I think we should go with the latter, said David, and Im sure Jennie agrees. Hes not the type you can just warn off. Hed be very polite and then do whatever the hell he wants.
I actually think he could be very useful, added Jennie, he has intimate knowledge of all the players including the two we havent mentioned yet and he can go places barred to us.
You might well be right, said the Commander leave it to me to sort. When were done here, set up a meeting with Mudd and lets see if we cant get this thing moving along. We still have the surveillance on Tony Wei, OHara, Jennings and Avi but Im getting flak about the expense of it. Not to worry though Im convinced theres something heavy in the wind. Jennings and OHara havent met yet and Im not sure well have the time to set up complete audio surveillance but well do our best. Tony Wei seems to be acting quite normally and were pretty confident he hasnt brought any more illegals into the country recently, so were pretty much at a standstill. Tons of circumstantial evidence but nothing we can really move on......theyre up to something very naughty I just know it.
Having missed her customary two days off Jennie was taking the day off. Shed slept in and was reading the morning paper curled up on the couch still wearing just her tee shirt. She reached for the phone as it rang.
Do you shoot? asked the deep voice.
Do I what? she said.
I wondered if you ever did any shooting. I periodically drive down to Bristol, to a gun club down there. I shoot a bit of trap or skeet then go on the hand gun range. Sort of keep my eye in I suppose.
GeorgeI wondered who the hell it was. At least you didnt get me out of bed this time, a smile in her voice. It might be interesting. Im qualified in semi automatic pistol and shotgun. Sounds like fun, what should I wear? she asked.
Just come as you are Jennie its just a gun club.
Im just wearing a tee shirt, she said laughing.
No underwear even? he asked joining in her laughter, sounds good to me. Want me to pick you up?
No its OK, George, Ill drive down to Eaton Bishop. Its not far and its on the way. Ill be there in about an hour.
OK see you then, he said sounding happy, and dont wear those red shoes!
He was waiting outside when she arrived. You have to make me a promise today, he said smiling.
Whats that? she said.
No business today.
OK but only after one question, she said.
Whats that?
Have you spoken to either David or his boss today or late yesterday?
Yes, he replied.
Good thats all I need to know.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 18
The old Vanguard
Hes on the move, the watcher keying his mike, hes heading north on the M5 driving a really old, light blue, Vanguard, looks like a collectors car to me, you cant miss it, license plate OUB 123.
Jennings thought to himself, time I gave the old girl a bit of a run, Market Draytons not too far and theres no hurry. Half a dozen cars behind the watcher keyed his mike again.
Hes going too slow,  hell spot me if I stay here. Suggest you put a car on the A51 exit for sure hes heading for the meet. He pulled the silver Audi out into the center lane and accelerated by the old classic car without giving it a look.
Frank took his time, rarely going over sixty miles per hour. He exited on the A51 then turned south on the A53 towards the picturesque old market town, the old car giving him no trouble. The ancient hotel was easy to find except some of the streets were ridiculously narrow. He parked close by and walked the rest of the way taking in the Elizabethan beamed buildings and cobbled streets. Although he was a little early he found Paddy in the snug wrapped around a Guinness.
Want the same Frank? he asked.
Lord no Paddy, pint of bitter will do just fine. Dont know how you drink that stuff, he replied.
In the Palethorpes truck parked behind the pub the technician was able to barely hear their voices over the background hubbub of the busy pub. He turned towards the smartly dressed man standing behind him.
Its difficult to hear just now Sir but Ill be able to filter out all the background noise later and you shouldnt have any problems.
The gentleman smiled grimly and nodded his head. Paddy and Frank had taken a small table in a corner.
Why dont we have something to eat then go for a bit of a drive? said Paddy, we can talk in the car, as long as Im back at Tern Hill by 2300 hours Ill be OK. You going to stay the night here? did you make a reservation?
Yes, Paddy me old friend, Im going to stay over and drive back in the morning. I dont usually open up the shop much before ten anyway.
Damn and blast, said the gentleman in the truck, were going to lose them with a ton of work completely down the toilet. Commanders going to be seriously pissed.
After dinner Frank and Paddy picked up Paddys car and drove down the A529 towards Woodseaves.
They pulled into the parking lot of a busy local pub. Paddy lit a smoke.
OK Frank..whats up..whats all this about?
A dirty blue Vauxhall drove by the pub heading down the A529.
Theyve pulled into a parking lot, not getting out of the car, looks like theyre settling down for a chat. Theyre smarter than we think.
Ive got a very specific order for guns, said Frank, for some reason they have to be military with British Army stamps on them, that makes it an armory job.
Youve got to be kidding, said Paddy, how the hell are we supposed to do that without getting nicked?
Ive no fuckin idea, replied Frank sighing, all I know is that theyre prepared to pay a shitload of money for em so its worth thinking about. Paddy flicked the cigarette butt out of the window.
How many do they want Frank and what are they?
As far as I know Paddy they only want four pieces plus ammo of course, The Heckler and Koch MP-5KA4 and the L86A1, two of each.
Thats some serious fire power there Frank, said Paddy, not too difficult to get them off the base. The trick is to get them out without them figuring out who took em. Have to think about it a bit. My end is at least twenty grand for the four plus any expenses of course.
Thats what I figured, said Frank, Im going to tell em thirty, twenty for you and ten for me, going to need a timeline too.
Let me think about it then, said Paddy, theres always a way as long as we have some time to plan it properly. Lets get back into town, weve still time for another pint.
*
The Commander most certainly was pissed. Jesus Christ we follow them all over Gods half acre, then they meet and we still dont know what theyre up to. The Chinaman is living on the straight and narrow and weve got two ex soldiers in their bloody graves, he stopped to take a breath, sorry Im on a rant Dave Im just running out of patience with the whole bloody thing.
Not much else we can do really Sir, said David, other than continuing the surveillance. We just have to react to their actions. Pain in the arse but what else can we do?
Youre quite right of course, replied the Commander, how did it go with George Mudd?
He was fine with it Sir, said David, luckily hes military so I really didnt have to explain anything. I still think he might go off on his own a bit. Im tempted to give him a bit of rope and see where he goes with it.
Hmmmm, said the Commander thoughtfully, thats actually a pretty good idea. Hes got tons of contacts all over the place and will probably go places we cant. If the shit hits the fan later we can always plead ignorance and fall back onto our consultant understanding. Make sure he gets all the information. Keep me in the loop. The Commander rang off leaving David to his thoughts.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 19
The Shooter
Inviting Jennie down to Bristol had been a spur of the moment thing for George but she sure looked good in the car.
It was a bright clear day, for a change, without any rain in the forecastalthough you can never be sure.
For the first time in over a month hed rolled his pride and joy out of the garage, a British Racing Green sixty six Healey. Hed spent a stupid amount of money having it restored. Now it looked better than it had originally, it was worth it just to listen to the exhaust.
He gently powered the car through a roundabout, without hardly lifting his foot off the accelerator, listening to the snarl left in their wake. He glanced over at Jennie. She had a slight smile on her face, her short auburn hair blowing in the wind.
Shed dressed for the day, tan cords, a Barbour jacket, green scarf round her neck complementing her coloring and sensible brogues on her feet. He smiled at the memory of the red shoes.
You warm enough? he shouted over the wind, I can put the top up if you like.
Dont you dare, she shouted back, I love it.
He pointed the car towards Gloucester simply enjoying the driving of the car and being close to this woman in the passenger seat. Outside Gloucester he picked up the M5 in the direction of Bristol. Normally it took about an hour and a half from door to door but today he was in no hurry.
Pulling into the parking lot of the gun club he was able to find a spot close to the clubhouse. They sat for a couple of minutes listening to the tick of the engine as it cooled down... in the background the banging of shotguns and the occasional boom from the full bore range. Double checking the trunk was locked he walked with Jennie into the lobby.
First thing we have to do is get you registered. Theres a waiver to sign for insurance purposes. Youll have to show some form of identification he said almost apologetically.
I would think my warrant card should be enough dont you? she said laughingly. Once the formalities were out of the way George suggested he show her around a bit.
The club was definitely upscale. Several trap fields, including an International, two skeet ranges,  a sporting clay, big bore range up to three hundred yards and an indoor handgun range.
Youve got everything here, commented Jennie.
Actually were very lucky, replied George as they walked through the lounge. I didnt tell you but Im on the board here so I kind of know what goes on. Were close enough to the main highways to make it convenient yet far enough away for the noise bylaws to be a non-issue. We also bought the land to either side of the club and behind the full bore range. That was a safety issue but also a damned good investment. Anyway enough of all that guided tour stuff.have you shot trap before?
No never, she said, Im qualified on shotgun but, as Im sure you know considering your background, we use the Remington 870 pump in a close quarters environment. Im sure this is different.
It is but youll get the hang of it pretty quick I think, he replied as they walked back out the car. He opened up the trunk,
Not too much room in here, he said laughing, but enough for this stuff. I brought you some kit youre going to need.
He passed her some ear protection and shooting glasses. Im pretty sure thesell fit you. I also brought you a shotgun which should fit you too. He reached into the trunk and brought out a leather case. He opened it. This is a Purdey Custom. There are actually four barrels for it but I suggest you just shoot twenty gauge for the time being and see how you do.
What a beautiful gun, she said.
Yes I had it custom engraved, its a real work of art.
They walked back to the clubhouse and leaving the shotguns on the rack by the door went to the range desk.
Ive actually booked a trap range for a couple of hours. Normally five shooters use it and rotate from station to station but we have it on our own.
At first she couldnt hit a thing but she slowly got the hang of it. After a couple of hours she was hitting ten or twelve out of the round of twenty five. George was hitting his customary twenty to twenty two.
My shoulder aches a bit, she said sitting in the lounge sipping on her double double.
Not really surprising, said George, if we ever come back we should get you a shooting jacket that has a recoil pad in the shoulder, makes life a lot more comfortable.
What do you mean IF we come back, I definitely want to come back.thats if you want to bring me, she said quietly.
The wind has brought your freckles out, he murmured, and well definitely come back. You ready to hit the handgun range?
They walked back to the car. After putting the shotguns away he took out two locked steel cases.
I took the liberty of bringing a couple of pieces down with me. I already knew you were qualified. They walked over to the indoor range and checked in with the range officer. Behind the shooting line George unlocked the two cases.
I know you guys qualify with Browning High Power, he said, we had to too in the SAS but I brought my weapon of choice, I think youll prefer it over the Browning, I brought both though.
Its a Sig Sauer P225. Its a bit lighter and certainly fits your hand better. Anyway try it out and see.
They shot for about an hour pretty much having the range to themselves except for the Range Officer. It was obvious that Jennie was not a beginner.
Hey.youre a hell of a shot Jennie and you scored a bit better with the SIG, said George once theyd locked away the guns and were walking back to the clubhouse, how about a bite to eat?
Over soup and a sandwich they discussed the progress, or rather the lack of it, in the double murder case Jennie and David were involved in.
Remember Im a consultant now, said George laughing, so consult!
Did David tell you about the abortive surveillance we had on your two old friends Jennings and OHara? asked Jennie.
No he didnt but your Commander filled me in. He sounded as though he was getting a little pissed, replied George with his mouth full I can help a bit in this area though. Remember I employ better than sixty chaps who are all either ex SAS or Paras. Thats almost the equivalent of a full SAS squadron. Most of them are still here in England. Perhaps, more importantly, I have excellent contacts in many regiments; in the main fellas that have been RTUd, returned to unit Jen, after their tour in the SAS came to an end. To cut a long story short I have eyes on Sergeant OHara! The Commander is keeping tabs on Tony Wei, Jennings and the other guy up in Leeds. Jennie looked a little peeved. Dont blame David Jen. I know what youre thinking. Dave was going to bring you up to speed but I kidnapped you down here before he had the chance. Glad I did too, he added smiling at her frown.
They drove home with the top up as it had cooled off considerably, neither one stopped talking all the way back to Eaton Bishop. It was as if each one was hungry for information on the other, where they went to school, Georges army stories,  mutual friends. Too soon the Healey turned up the laneway to the old manor. Mrs. Iredale had turned on the lights as it was almost dark.
Coming in for a coffee, Jen? George asked.
Mrs. Iredale had lit a fire in the drawing room and had drawn the drapes. It was a comfortable room the corners lit by the flickering fire.
Kick your shoes off..make yourself at home, said George.
They sat, in companionable silence, watching the fire burn down. Theyd talked about music, books..the two labs lying off to one side periodically opening their eyes as though checking the fire. George got up and placed another log on the fire, it erupted in a shower of sparks and flame.
You know George weve talked about lots of things but youve never once mentioned your wife, Harry Downer or Peter Brenner. Probably a bit presumptuous of me to bring it up I know so if you dont want to talk about thats fine too. George gazed into the fire.
Its okay, Jen, he said quietly, and youre right its stuff I dont talk about and Im sure thats a mistake, he picked up the poker and gave a log a poke. One of the dogs rolled over with a grunt, legs straight up in the air, enjoying the heat.
Judy was killed only a couple of miles from here. Its five years ago now.hit and runthe driver was never caught. All my life Id lived a hard life being a professional soldier. All my life Id pushed myself to extremes..probably why I joined the SAS. Judy was the first soft thing in my life, if you know what I mean. She was feminine, full of light and laughter but at the same time she could be a real tomboy. She loved to go to the rugby matches, loved the dogs, ran every dayshe was pregnant! He paused, memories flooding into his mind. The problem is..its as though shes there all the timelooking over my shoulder. The only reason I kept this house was because I knew it would be what she would want..I should probably get rid of it .too damn big anyway. As for Harry and Peterthats different.
There are, or rather there were, four of us, those two, myself and Robbie McElroy. Rob works for me although thats not strictly true either, I gave him a small interest in the business some time ago, hes in Brunei, runs the security business out there. The four of us fought together for a number of years in Malaya and Borneo although I first met Robbie in Northern Ireland.after all that I still cant believe Harry and Peter are gone, he whispered his voice and face hardening. I spoke to Rob yesterday.really to warn him.although of what Im not sure. There must be some sort of connection with the past considering the way they were both killed.  Rob wanted to come home and get involved, I talked him out of it though.
The two of them sat there gazing into the fire now burning down.
I never cried you know, said George looking at her.
Perhaps you will some time, she said, perhaps you will.
As she drove away half of her wished hed asked her to stay the night...... the other half? Well maybe that half wished hed asked her too!
~ ~ ~

Chapter 20
The Irish
George was out in the field, behind the house, working the dogs with the help of Mrs. Iredales husband. They were both competitive field trial dogs and he shot over them regularly. His mobile vibrated in his pocket.
Sticky? Its Jimmy ORourke. OHaras on the move. Im on the Fleetwood ferry heading over to Larne. Hes either going to be picked up or hell take a bus. Ill get back to you later.
George promptly called David and brought him up to speed who in turn alerted the teams on the other three. He called the dogs in, got out of his boots and went into the study. Pulling his directory up on his laptop he dialed a number in Belfast.
Jimmy ORourkes on the job for me, he said, the odds are good hes going to end up in Belfast today. Get hold of him on his mobilehe might need a hand. You can call in anyone you need, this has to do with Downer and Brenner, I dont care how much it costs.just intel for now though! He then called Jennie. OHaras on the move Jen, Ive brought everyone up to speed, nothing to do just now but wait, looks like he might be heading for Belfast. Hope he does Ive got a good network there, remember I was in Northern Ireland for quite a while.
Maybe were going to get some sort of break, she said, its hard just waiting for something to happen. By the way what do you know about Dick Masons wife Gema? I have to interview her but shes been out of the country.
Why dont you come over this evening Jen? he asked, Ill tell you all about her. I might have heard something from Ireland by then too.
She pulled up in front of the house later that day. The dogs were out but they didnt bark any more, just came up to her, tails wagging, nuzzling her jacket pocket for treats.she was familiar now. George came round from the back of the house.
Thought I heard your car, he said, come on in I just heard from one of my chaps in Belfast.
They sat at the ancient pine table in the kitchen. The room was huge echoing back to when it was truly the manor house, two large dog mats off to one side flanked by dog bowls.
We guessed right, he said, he got a bus in Larne and headed straight for Belfast. He was picked up at the bus station by a known Provo and they met two others in Victoria Square. Now, what the hell is he doing with the IRA?
So what now? asked Jennie.
He shrugged his shoulders, all we can do really is wait. Weve no idea what the meet was about, just keep giving them rope, theyll hang themselves eventually.
He smiled grimly his face turning hard. She noticed that although still tanned he had tired lines around his eyes.
Tell me about Gema Mason, she said.
Huge stink about that back in Kuching, he said smiling, there he was an Officer and a Gentleman in the British Army getting the hots for a native interpreter, not done you know not done at all. Anyway he persevered, threatened to resign and they eventually married out there. I know for a fact she had a lot of trouble back here in England. The army wives just wouldnt accept her but she developed her own life. They have a daughter up at Cambridge you know and Gema herself has a terrific job with a Translation Company. Great money apparently and she gets to travel a lot. Shes involved in some sort of martial arts thing. Dickie says shes some sort of master or something. You remember when you were looking at that stuff in the museum? I told you a lot of it was Kayan..well shes Kayan. Look at the backs of her fingers when you see her up close, tiny tattoos that get done before theyre ten. Shes very friendly with Robbie McElroy you know,  he helped her out when she visited Sarawak with Wendy, their daughter, not so long ago.
They sat in the kitchen, the dusk closing around the house, the room warm and cozy from the Aga, smelling just slightly of wet dogs. George looked relaxed but still tired. They talked of little things as they had before probing perhaps a little more than before. She was comfortable here, comfortable with this man who seemed to have everything but in fact had very little.
Would you like me to stay? she whispered.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 21
A Long Distance Call
Its just normal procedure Mrs. Mason, she was sitting at her desk, opposite David in the Bath St. station, in cases such as this we talk to everyone who had knowledge of the deceased. She looked up at David and frowned, phone to her ear. When would be convenient for you? she asked, Id much prefer to come to the house. Youd be more comfortable and it would be more private. Well OK if you prefer. Ill meet you at the Arte Winebar at three this afternoon. She rang off and looked over at David. Thats strange, she said, its almost as though she doesnt want me round at the house, shes insisting I meet her at that bar over on Owen St, how weird is that?
She arrived at the Winebar, deliberately a little early, and chose a table that would afford at least some privacy and facing the door. It was impossible not to recognize Gema when she walked in. What a stunning looking woman, thought Jennie.
She waved her over and introduced herself as Detective Sergeant Plowright, best to keep it formal for now, she thought.
They sat facing each other as though sizing each other up.
They couldnt be more different. Jennie was at least five inches taller than Gema her freckles and auburn hair in total contrast to Gemas Eurasian looks and dark lustrous hair. Shes older than she looks, thought Jennie, she seems nervous though for some reason.
Ill come straight to the point Mrs. Mason, Ive already spoken to your husband as Im sure youre aware. She asked her all the normal questions and made note of the tiny tattoos George had mentioned. They talked of her life as an army wife, her knowledge of both Harry Downer and Peter Brenner. She was not able to add anything to what they already knew. Jennie already knew from Dick Mason that Gema had been in Hereford the night Downer was killed and away on business when Brenner was killed. What about Robbie McElroy? Im told youre quite friendly with him and that you have in fact seen him recently in Sarawak.
Yes but whats that got to do with anything? asked Gema. Jennie was surprised, Gema suddenly seemed defensive almost combative.
Probably nothing really, she answered, just that McElroy was part of the original group and two of them are dead now. Food for thought wouldnt you think?
I cant figure her out, she said later over a pint in the Dragon. She sat opposite David and George in an alcove in the snug. Its not that shes inscrutable, so to speak, its more that she never says anything. She answers any specific questions but never volunteers anythingcertainly no casual chitchat. For some reason she didnt want me anywhere near the house and when I mentioned Rob McElroy I thought she was going to have a fit.
Maybe it would be a good idea for you to have a chat with McElroy, he seems to know her better than anyone, said David, and in the meantime Im going to have another chat with Mr. Mason.
I need to talk to Robbie anyway, why dont you come over to the house tomorrow? suggested George, itll have to be very early because of the time difference. Id have to talk to him first anyway otherwise he wouldnt tell you a thing.
She woke in the morning not quite sure where she was for a moment. The sun was slanting in through the tall, mullioned windows and bouncing off the large dressing mirror like a kaleidoscope. She stretched and luxuriated in the comfortable bed under the goose down comforter. What a night! She remembered David leaving the pub and George suggesting they go back to Eaton Bishop that night rather than her drive out first thing in the morning. Sounded like a good, pragmatic step except she couldnt remember what time they eventually fell asleep. What had started out slow and gentle ended up rough but a good rough. She thought about clean underwear and a toothbrush and then decided she didnt really give a damn.
The click of the door opening made her pull the comforter up to her chin.
Only me, he said, as he stepped into the room, I thought you said you always wore a tee shirt to bed, he said smiling at her.
Not quite always, she said, but its been a long time since I havent. He was wearing old track suit bottoms, a tee shirt with 1st Para printed on the front and technical looking runners on his feet.
I run most mornings you know..anywhere from ten to twenty miles.sometimes with a Bergen on my back. I forgot to tell you that bit, he said laughing, usually pretty early too.
As long as you dont try to get me to join you, she said throwing back the comforter, three miles OK maybe even five but not that far. What I need is a shower! Got a spare toothbrush?
She walked into the breakfast room while George was feeding the dogs. Mrs. Iredale was in there setting the table with the breakfast things. She started to blush heavily with embarrassment and turned back towards the door.
Miss Jennie, the older lady said, I know youre probably feeling embarrassed but you dont have to worry about anything at all. Its as though Mr. George has come back to life and is Mr. George again so you just sit yourself down and Ill bring the tea.
Breakfast just seemed to be companionable, as though theyd known each other for years, the radio on BBC 1, Mrs. Iredale bustling around like an old hen humming to herself.  Mr. Iredale came in to briefly discuss the days work.
Seems a shame to break up this scene of domestic bliss but Im going to call Robbie now, lets go in the study. George picked up his tea and walked out of the room. By now the study was a familiar, friendly place. They sat either side of the large partners desk in front of the window looking out over the paddock.
Im going to put him on speaker phone Jen and turn on the scrambler. Our government is a lot more invasive than they would like you to believe, he said smiling, at times, the less they know the better.
The connection went through as though Robbie were just around the corner, Robbies strong Scottish burr coming through the speaker. George advised Robbie that he had company but that Rob was at liberty to say whatever he liked. They talked for a while about the Brunei business and their involvement with Brunei Shell.
I have something else happening here too, said Robbie, theyre doing more exploration down south of here close to the border. The company seems to be concerned about terrorist incursions but more the possibility of kidnap. Were being asked to provide security down there. Right now theyre in the process of getting clearance from the Sultanate for us to run armed patrols. Shouldnt be a problem though, after all theyre all in this together! Be just like the old days patrolling the bush.
Okay Robbie, George cut in, I want you to talk to Jennie here, answer all her questions please. Shes part of the investigatory team concerning Harry and Peter.
Tell me what you know about Gema Mason, Robbie asked Jennie.
Do you want the short or the long of it Jennie? questioned Robbie.
I think more the stuff you would assume I dont know, replied Jen, I already have the basicsI think anyway.
Shes a throwback, started Robbie, her Grandfather was a head-hunter if you can believe that. It still goes on you know, admittedly in a small way but the traditional Iban living in the jungle still believe in the spirit world. Gema is a traditionalist. She was brought up in a jungle Longhouse and never even saw a white guy until she was fifteen. Underneath that veneer of civilization is a Kayan native.like I said a traditionalist.
Shes smart and shes tough. She was over here with her daughter not so long ago you know. She got very friendly with one of my guys here, Paan.  Hes Penan, one of the most warlike tribes in Borneo, he guided her into her old home you know. Think she was on a bit of a quest. You know her entire family was murdered back in sixty five, the whole village wiped out. Never did figure out who did it..bit of a mystery that.except the Indos tried to blame the Brits. Even took it to the UN. Waste of bloody time that. When she visited I helped her out a bit. Provided some of the equipment and choppered her out when shed done.
Yep shes tough alrightstill very much at home in the jungle. I know Paan has sent her stuff from time to time. Just traditional blankets and prayer matsstuff like that.
Robbie thats a great help and youre right most of that stuff I certainly didnt know, answered Jennie, it helps to sort of paint a picture of peopledevelop a bit of a profile. Thanks again.
George continued his conversation for another few minutes, most of it business.
Robbie, I know I mentioned this before, but now I want to stress. There seems to be some sort of connection with Harry, Peter and the rest of the old team. OHara and Jennings seem to be involved somehow, somewhere, but we havent figured that part out yet. I guess what Im saying iswatch your back!
Shit manits watched, said Robbie laughing his deep laugh, that bloody Paan, hes like a rash. Cant get rid of him, all he says is, got your six boss, hed go to the latrine with me if he thought he could get away with it. Silly little bugger, he added affectionately.
*
George sat on the oak bench in the old church yard. The sun was still warm although you could tell it was autumn already..a little chill later in the day, the sun a little lower in the sky.
Looking around he marveled at how time seemed to stand still in this place. The church behind him, St. Michaels and All Angels, built in the eleventh century and still here. The East Window, installed in 1320 and removed during the war for safekeeping, gravestones so old you could barely read the inscriptions. He was not a particularly religious man although he had heard there were no atheists in the trenches a hundred times, rather he admired the constancy of it all, the peace it could bring, the space and the quiet to commune.
He sat on the bench, elbows on his knees, deep in thought. He had bought the bench some years prior and came to sit several times a month. In front of him a simple white marble headstone with the inscription Judith Allyson McLelland- Mudd 1950-1980. The base of the headstone was a riot of color although starting to fade now with the waning year. Soon hed have to come with his trowel and secateurs and clean it up for the winter. He wished it would snow this winter, it always seems quieter and more peaceful under a blanket of snow. He sat up straight as though hed just made a decision.
Judyits time for me to move on now. Ill never stop loving you. You were my life and I know youre still there but Ive met someone who, for the first time in five years, has brought back the light in my life. You would like her and she would like you. There are no secretsshe knows all about you and now you know about her. Later I will bring her to visitif she wants to of course. He then told her all about Harry and Peter as though it were some sort of catharsis for him. They were two of my closest friends. We trusted each other implicitly and often placed our lives in each others hands. I promise to find out what happened as they would for me, I know you understand.
He stood up and nodded as though a weight had been lifted off his chest. The church looked on as benevolent as ever, it would still be there after theyd all gone.
He turned his back on the white, marble stone and strode through the lych gate as erect as ever perhaps more purposeful than before but at peace with himself and with what he had to do.
~ ~ ~

Part 3
*
Chapter 22
Christmas is coming
At about the same time many of the old churches in the district were being built, so was St. Marys in what used to be Drayton in Hales in the Diocese of Lichfield.  In 1245 King Henry the Third granted a charter to the church to hold a weekly market just off the church property. The village that slowly developed around this market became known as Market Drayton. The Wednesday market is still held to this day.
Paddy OHara followed the young tour guide around the old Norman church noting the additions and changes that reflected the current age; the ramp to the north aisle, the new servery and kitchens, the lack of an alarm system, the simple locks. The guide continued:
In the early twentieth century lay people got more and more involved in the life of the Church. The raising of money for the ongoing renovations, the Youth Club and the many charities St. Marys is involved in is now managed by the Church Wardens. Our most successful charity is the collection of Christmas gifts for the needy. We collect from all over the Diocese, store and sort them here and then distribute them to local children who would otherwise have very little at Christmas.
Paddy had heard what he needed to hear, had seen what he needed to see. He walked out of the church and round to the parking lot at the back, noting the proximity to the kitchen doors and the exit to the road. St. Marys not being in the center of town was a distinct advantage. He smiled to himself. Later he called Frank Jennings.
It can be doneexpensive but possibleall a matter of timing. From a different call box he dialed a number in Belfast.
Its a go! Essential you arrive on Wednesday the eleventh of December, thats market day and you wont be noticed. The game will be played Friday the thirteenth, vehicles not a problem, he rang off.
*
It was crisp that morning with the type of blue sky that heralds a really cold snap. The labs chased each other through the cover and reveled in rolling in the light dusting of snow. They were dressed for the outing, boots, parkas, thick winter gloves. George was carrying a chain saw, Jennie a small handsaw.
Its years since I chopped down a Christmas tree. he said. fact is I havent done it since Judy died. He was casting his eyes around looking for a suitable victim.
If we put it in the hallway by the front entrance we could go to twenty feet or so, said Jennie.
Yabbut you can haul the darn thing back Jen, he said laughing, if you want one that big Ill go back and get the tractor and well tow it back. He stopped, put down the chain saw and pulled her close to him. Im looking forward to this Christmas. Im tired of just going to the golf club, thisll be like the old days, a tree, Christmas decorations, a turkey, Christmas music and friendslife is good.thank you. He looked into her eyes and kissed her on the end of the nose. Remind me to pick up a couple of kids gifts. I have to drop them off at the barracks. They have this friendly competition with some of the other bases in the region as to who can collect the most gifts.
They cut down a tree that was, of course, far too big, got the tractor and towed it to the front door. After cutting off several feet from the base, trimming the lower branches and with the help of Mr. Iredale they eventually got it into the front hallway and up on its stand. It just fit..but only just!
The three of them, David, George and Jennie sat around Davids desk in the station waiting for the connection for the conference call with the Commander in London. They were no further along with the two murders. Tony Wei had had conversations with Avi in Leeds but the only item they had been able to glean was that their business would be concluded before Christmas.
Doesnt help us too much if we dont know what that business is, said the Commander. George reported on OHara.
He was in an Anglican Church the other day. No idea why, his army records show hes Catholic. St. Marys is in Market Drayton, after that he just went back to Clive Barracks.
Id like to come back to Downer and Brenner, said Jennie, are we sure were talking about the same killer in both cases?
Thats an educated guess on our part, replied the Commander, the cause of death is so unusual as to make it a good bet but of course its all circumstantial still.
Are we sure its a man? asked Jennie. Both George and David seemed to think so based on the strength it would have taken to take down both men experienced in hand to hand fightingone an expert. I hear what youre saying, said Jennie, but whos to say its not a woman?
*
Jennie pushed the doorbell again. She could hear it ringing stridently inside the house. She looked around. Nice looking place, obviously an old farmhouse with the barn behind her on the other side of the cobbled yard. It looked as though it had been converted into a garage with the triple overhead doors and maybe a flat over the top looking at the steps going up the side of the old building.
She turned to leave. It was getting bloody cold as the year headed towards Christmas and standing around on somebodys front step was not her idea of pleasure. Suddenly the door opened, a middle aged lady stood there.
Can I help you? she asked, sorry I took so long to get to the door but I was down in the cellar and only just heard the bell ringing. Jennie showed her warrant card and introduced herself and asked for either Dick or Gema Mason. Im sorry neither one is home just now perhaps youd like to leave a message.
So who are you? asked Jennie hoping she sounded chatty and friendly.
Im Mrs. Trenholme,  Im Mr. Masons housekeeper.
Well then perhaps you can help me out a little, may I come in? She took a step forward making it difficult for Mrs. Trenholme to say no.
Youd better come into the kitchen Miss, I was just about to make a pot of tea anyway, said the older lady turning away down the corridor towards the back of the house. Jennie thought a change of tactics might do the trick with this lady.
Its not Miss by the way its Detective Sergeant, she said striding into the kitchen and sitting down at the table. When will the Masons be back? she asked.
I really couldnt say, replied Mrs. Trenholme. Couldnt or wouldnt thought Jennie, things just didnt seem quite right here but she couldnt put a finger on it. Put it down to female intuition she thought. Maybe if I scare her a bit shell open up.
Mrs. Trenholme Im in the middle of an investigation into two murders. Im not suggesting that your employers are involved..in fact far from it but I do need background information. Mr. and Mrs. Mason knew both the deceased. The middle aged lady put two mugs on the table and sat down looking at the kettle as though willing it to boil and give her something to do.
Mr. Mason is over at the golf club, Belmont Lodge, I doubt if theyre playing, its very cold but he goes over there quite often for lunch and a game of snooker.
What about Mrs. Mason? asked Jennie, Mrs. Trenholme looked embarrassed and adjusted her pinafore worn over skirt and blouse.
It was Mrs. Mason that gave me the job, she said quietly. I come in every day, keep house and cook for Mr. Mason when its required. Ive never seen Mrs. Mason in this house, said Trenholme, she lives in the flat over the barn. She seems to be away a lot. Ive never even seen the two of them talking, they seem to be estranged.
So youve no idea where she is or when shes coming back? questioned Jennie.
No Miss.we never do. If her cars there, she drives a green Jaguar, we know shes home. Thats all we know.
Anything else you think I should know? asked Jen, dont worry its all quite confidentialreally just between you and I, she waited.
There is one strange thing, replied Mrs. Trenholme, when I started here she told me that I was never to go into the flat. She was quite emphatic about it. On top of that Ive never seen Mr. Mason over there either, its as though its off limits. Mrs. Mason spends a lot of time with the daughter.Wendy but even when she comes to visit she doesnt stay in the house, she stays in the flat with her mother.
*
I love this room, she said, I love this house and youre not too bad yourself either, she added laughing. She was sitting on the carpet leaning back on the couch one of the labs lying with her head in her lap the other quietly snoring in front of the roaring fire. So, George, whos coming over for Xmas? she asked.
George, lying stretched out on the couch, stroking the back of her neck affectionately answered, not absolutely sure yet. Im still waiting to hear from Robbie. Id like him to come and its quite a while since he was in England. I know Dickie is coming and probably Wendy if she comes down from Cambridge but Dick wasnt sure about Gema for some reason. Im pretty sure David will come and he might bring a lady friend from London and, of course, there will be Mr. and Mrs. Iredale. So that makes nine..eight for sure I think. Good enough crowd for dinner.
What excuse did Dick make for Gema? asked Jennie playing with the dogs ear.
Just said that he didnt think shed be able to make it replied George.
Theyre estranged, said Jennie and continued to tell George about her entire conversation with Mrs. Trenholme.
Doesnt surprise me, said George, what I am surprised about is that it lasted as long as it did.
Shes an enigma, said Jen as though talking to herself, Ive only met her the once. Its as though she doesnt quite know where she belongs. She lives her own life, seems to dote on her daughter, obviously has her own source of income.but strange.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 23
Charity and the Church
Wednesday was market day, had been for over seven hundred years. Paddy knew this from the tour guide, not that he really gave a shit. What he did know was that the town center, around the Buttercross, was inundated with people attending the market from outside the town. Looking around he could see that it was not like the summer. Nowhere near as many produce stalls, which was hardly surprising, still plenty of people though, braving the cold and manning stalls of all types. Enough people into which six extra could easily disappear.
Theyd been instructed to travel by different routes although they all originated in and around Belfast. They were all staying in different hotels and bed and breakfasts, all within walking distance of the center of town. Paddy strolled through the market but could not make them out. He knew they were there but that they had been instructed to remain unobtrusive. Each one knew his job and they wouldnt be coming together until the Friday.
He did two complete tours of the market periodically stopping to say hello and chat to people who were, in fact, suppliers to the base. As Quartermaster Sergeant he had a lot of contact with local suppliers. Later that afternoon back in his office, in one of the large service buildings, looking out through a window he could see the five, large laundry hampers on loan from one of the local dairies. These were loaned annually to St. Marys church for the collection of Christmas toys. They were almost full already. Theyd received toys from Bradbury Lines, Copthorne Barracks and MOD Donnington plus their own collection here at Clive.
The collections had been done a little earlier this year. Much of the garrison was already on extended Christmas leave and one entire Company was down on the Brecon Beacons training with 22 SAS. This left the base very thinly manned, a few of the RAF personnel as Clive was also home to a helicopter training squadron. The administrative levels of the Irish Rangers were all doubled up to allow extended leaves and there was a small guard on dutynot that there was too much to guard after all. Even Paddy had double duty over the holiday not only being responsible for the Quartermaster Stores but also the armory.
Paddy glanced at the full laundry hampers and decided it was time.
Using the office phone he called the Church in town, spoke to one of the wardens and suggested he send the church truck to pick up the five hampers of toys but not before 1800 hours as the docks would be occupied until then. At 1700 hours the two clerks in the office plus the warehouse staff went off duty. They would not be replaced until the following morning.
Ensuring that everyone had left the building he took half the toys out of one hamper and stacked them into the other four. Using the keys, entrusted to him, he accessed the armory through the steel door leading down to the well lit basement. Unlocking the security chains he took the four automatic weapons and buried them underneath the toys in the fifth hamper. Using another key he accessed the ammunition storage facility and took approximately five thousand rounds over the two calibers. He buried these also topping up the cart with toys from the other four. Locking the doors behind him he went back to his office to wait for the truck.
He was relying on two assumptions that would culminate in either twenty years in jail or his ability to retire a year earlier than planned; firstly that the armory would not be accessed until the training company returned from the Beacons. Secondly that by the time the truck got back to the Church it would be so late that no one would touch the toys until the following day. Not a bad bet he thought to himself.
At about 1815 hours a large white truck with St. Marys Church emblazoned across the sides, driven by an elderly gentleman, backed into the loading bay. Paddy opened the electric overhead doors and offered to give the old gentleman a hand loading the hampers. The old man gave him his hand, extended the Churchs thanks to everyone that had contributed and to Paddys help specifically for coordinating the annual charitable effort on behalf of the local bases. With a Merry Xmas he climbed back into the cab and drove away.
The guard in the guardhouse at the main entrance waved him through and wished him a Merry Xmas also. Paddy stood in the warehouse door:
How ironic, he thought, a Church of England truck hauling stolen guns out of one of Her Majestys military bases.have to see the funny side of it.
*
Were an item! David and Jennie were sitting in the Dragon enjoying a pint after a day of paperwork. She was responding to a question from David concerning George Mudd.
Thought so, said David, he fancied you right from the get go you know, you could see that.
I hear youre coming over for Christmas Dinner, she said, bringing someone so Ive been told, she said questioningly but with laughter in her voice.
Yes and old friend from London.Pauline. Weve been seeing each other for a long time now. We wont be staying over or anything like that, that would be a bit embarrassing for her but shell be in Hereford over the New Year, should be fun.
George says therell be eight or nine of us but he didnt know about Gema Mason, said Jennie.
Funny you should mention her, I saw Dick Mason the other day, just bumped into him, he looked like crap, replied David.
I asked him about Gema he just mumbled something about not even knowing where she was or when she would be home. The whole situation seems to be tearing him apart. If its that bad why dont they just split up, period?
Jennie though about it for a moment or two, You know I wonder if she feels she has a reason to stay in Hereford because, without good reason, why would anyone persist in such a strange living arrangement?
*
It was bloody cold. Frank Jennings sat in his black van behind St. Marys church. He couldnt run the engine in case it was noticed..never mind the noise. He was far enough away from the main road as to be almost invisible providing a police car didnt patrol through here.
He was waiting for 0400 hours, that hour when most people are truly asleep and people who should be awake are half asleep.
On the hour he pulled on his gloves and removed the bulbs from the lights in the interior of the van. He opened both back doors and left the drivers side door ajar in case he had to get out of there in a hurry. On his rubber soles he silently approached the door to the kitchen at the back of the church.
Based on the intel provided by OHara he slid a credit card down the crack between the door jamb and the lock and was rewarded by a satisfying click as the door quietly opened for him, he stepped into the church. Inside it wasnt much warmer than it had been in the truck, he could almost see his breath in the light cast by the shaded flashlight. He held the flashlight down and made a mental note of the location of the windows, he didnt want to inadvertently advertise his presence. He could see he was in a kitchen area, the room bordered by long white counters. The room looked new and was obviously part of a recent addition. There were two doors, fifty, fifty chance he thought and took the one on the left. It was even cooler in here than in the kitchen.
He had a feeling of space and risked shining the light a little off the floor. He was in the nave, the moonlight trying to pierce the shadows through the old stained glass windows, rows of pews stretching to the opposite aisle like windrows in a hay field. A sudden fluttering of wings high up in the arched roof nearly made his heart stop. A pigeon locked in for the night after the evening service.
Slowly his eyes became accustomed to the gloom. Saints looking down on him from niches in the walls, up past the transept the chancel could just be seen through the ornate carved screen. He had the feeling that the church was watching him. Paddy had told him that it had been here since Norman times, he thought that through its life it had seen much worse than Frank Jennings but it nevertheless made him feel uncomfortable.
Theres no way theyre out here, he thought, so much for my fifty, fifty chance.
He retraced his steps back into the kitchen and tried the other door. This looked more like it, the servery as Paddy had described. Rows of tables and chairs set up for informal gatherings and for feeding the needy. Over on one side a large aisle had been created specifically to park the five large laundry hampers loaded with toys. Shining the flashlight on each of the carts he could easily see the one that Paddy had identified.
He quickly unloaded the toys to reveal the guns and ammunition below and started to transfer everything to his van parked outside. The weapons themselves didnt take long at all and werent particularly heavy. The ammunition was different though. Five thousand rounds took him over a dozen trips to the truck. By the time he was finished hed built up a sweat and was mouthing obscenities aimed at Paddy OHara. Once finished he carefully re- distributed the toys amongst the five carts and, making sure the door locked behind him, quietly drove away. He left no sign that anyone had even been in the Church that night.
Turning the van south, humming quietly to himself, careful to stay within the speed limit, he headed towards London, Tony Wei and a good payday.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 24
Surgical
The barracks had something of a pastoral air about them, lots of green space, red brick buildings..playing fields.the old control tower. It had originally been a WW2 air force base but was now home to an RAF helicopter training squadron plus the barracks themselves were occupied by a small battalion of the Irish Regiment attached to a Fast Attack Force.
The property itself was divided by the A41, a busy highway connecting to the M56 up north by Chester and the M6 to points south, although thats not the way it was originally designed. The family accommodation area and service centers were a short walk from the service buildings on the other side of the highway. They comprised of married quarters, a couple of low, dormitory buildings, a convenience store, kiddies day service and playground, a caf and petrol station.all closed for the night.
The barracks themselves were a mixture of red brick buildings and modern warehouses, including an administrative building, quartermasters stores warehouse, offices, three story dormitory buildings and a gym.
At this time of the year, being almost Christmas, the base was almost deserted. An Irish Company was still training down in Herefordshire with the 22 SAS and most of the remaining personnel were on extended Christmas leave. On duty was a small guard force plus RAF maintenance personnel. It was scheduled to stay this way until after the New Year.
Paddy OHara, as one of the senior NCOs on base, had his own bachelor apartment in the family accommodation area about a fifteen minute walk from his office.a neat little apartment in a co-op type building. Tonight he couldnt sleep.
He lay in bed repeatedly looking at the clock on the bedside table willing the hands to turn. There was still plenty of time to go. Through the bedroom window there was no blush of daylight.
It was still pitch black outside with good cloud cover making it even darker, dawn was still three hours away at this time of year.
He looked at the clock again. The camp guard wouldnt change until 0600 hours the replacements not even showing up at the guardhouse until 0530. The clock said 0400 hours.half an hour to go. Everybody should be in position by now.
The previous evening, just after the pubs had closed, a dark colored van rolled down the A41. A quarter mile short of the base, within sight of the yellow lights of the guardhouse at the main gate of the base, the van pulled over onto the shoulder. The driver got out, rummaged in the back of the van for his tools and proceeded to change his left front wheel. Checking that the road was clear in both directions he tapped twice on the side of the van. Two men climbed out of the back and, without a word, disappeared in the direction of the playing field off to one side. Within ten feet they were virtually invisible.
They were both dressed entirely in black their heads and faces covered in black balaclavas. Both were carrying back packs and Uzi sub machine guns strapped across their chests. They made it across the playing field unseen by anyoneit was so dark they couldve just casually walked acrossand took up position by the decorative hedge bordering the empty parking lot about fifty yards in front of the Quartermasters Stores. They settled in for a wait of about five hours.
Paddy looked at the clock yet again, the hands had hardly moved. By now the other two teams should be in place. Two men should be in front of the main gate on the other side of the road having infiltrated their way across the old aerodrome to the north, the other two sitting in their van three miles down the road, tucked in through a farmers gate and invisible to any vehicle passing through the night. All six waited with the patience of the well trained.
At 0425 the two men in the van pulled out onto the road and headed in the direction of the base. At exactly 0430 the van was in sight of the gates and blinked his headlights twice.
The two rocket propelled grenades hit simultaneously, one hitting the gate itself and the second hitting the small guardhouse killing the two troopers instantaneously. The van accelerated through the demolished gate and turned in the direction of the QM stores. The two men in front of the main gate held their position to provide covering fire if necessary. The two, lying by the hedge for the past five hours, ran forward and placed a breaching charge against the door to the stores and stood to one side. As it blew the van pulled up in front. One man jumped out with cable cutters and joined the other two in the building.
The fourth turned the van around and opened up the back doors. A second breaching charge blew the door to the armory.
They had four minutes to get out as much as they could carry.
Five minutes later they exited through the wrecked main gate, picked up the two lying in the ditch and turned North West on the A41. The entire exercise took seven minutes!
It took almost half an hour for the new guard and the small section of military police to determine that the threat was no longer in the immediate area. It took better than forty minutes to throw up road blocks on all the major arteries in and around the base and Market Drayton. It took over an hour for the quick response team to arrive from Hereford. By the time the protocols had all been followed the six were long gone.
Theres no bloody way this is a coincidence, the Commander was truly pissed. Jesus Christ we dont even know how many people were involved never mind who they were.
David and Jennifer sat at the desk listening to the ominous silence coming from the speaker phone, before either one of them could speak, Sorry guysI know its not your fault. Im going to take the chopper. Ill be there in about an hour. Get hold of George Mudd I want him there and get an inventory from Tern Hill. I want to know exactly whats missing including the serial numbers.
Before he left for Hereford he instructed that the surveillance be increased on Tony Wei, Frank Jennings and Avi up in Leeds and that any movement reports be immediately forwarded to Major Rowden in Hereford. Less than two hours later, with a clattering roar, he touched down in a local park in Hereford much to the excitement of the children playing in the playground.
Within fifteen minutes the four of them, the Commander, George, David and Jennie were sitting in Davids cramped, little office on Bath St.
David was pouring over the surveillance reports that had been faxed from London and the Commander was going over the inventory reports provided by the Military Police at Tern Hill.
The surveillance team seems to have lost touch with Jennings for a while Commander, said David, they lost him around lunchtime on Wednesday last and he just pops up in his shop Thursday afternoon.
Hmmm, the Commander thoughtfully, but thats before the attack on the basemight just be the only coincidence in this whole bloody thing. Jennie chipped in,
But surely your team knows what its doing, they havent lost him before..perhaps he wanted to be lost, certainly food for thought if nothing else.
The Commander was reading the inventory report. They got away with twelve M16s, twelve Browning High Power pistols and two each Heckler and Koch MP-5KA4 and L86A1s plus a raft of ammunition. Doesnt seem to be a hell of a lot considering the downside but guess who signed the inventory reports..Sergeant Patrick OHara..now theres a coincidence!
George had been quiet up to this point. He had read the initial reports on the attack sketchy though they were. Lets look at what we actually know, he said quietly. Paddy OHara has dealings with people, either directly or indirectly, that the Security Services are watching very carefully. He travels to Belfast where he meets with three known Provos that we know of. Within weeks the base of the 1st Battalion Irish is bombed, two Troopers are killed and weapons are stolen out of the armory. Its obvious that the strike was both professional, surgical and required inside information.
He had the attention of the other three now, they were leaning back in their chairs listening. He sat, with his elbows on the table, gazing at the wall lost in thought. If I was planning a strike like that I would do it with six to eight peopleno more. I would have had at least two of them on the base during the night and I would have picked the same time of night to attack. They must have had a good idea of the response times as they were obviously long gone by the time everyone got their acts together.
The Commander leaned forward in his chair and said, the fact that two of our boys were killed turns this into something else which, in itself, gives us a lot more license than normal. I agree that we have to assume, for now anyway, that the Provos are responsible, probably in cooperation with OHara. We will go down that road for the time being at least.
George interrupted, we know the identities of the three gents that OHara met in Belfast, it will not be too difficult to find out who else was involved.my team can look after that for you.
The Commander looked up and smiled.
I knew youd have your uses, he said.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 25
Ask no questions get no lies
One of the oldest pubs in Belfast is Whites Tavern. Some say its been in existence since 1630.perhaps it has, perhaps it hasnt it doesnt alter the fact that its popular with both the locals and tourists alike serving up good traditional music, excellent food all to be washed down by one of the best pints of Guinness in the cityso they claim.
Hed been coming here for years. He liked the very Irishness of the place, the malt smell of the beer on tap, the constant chatter, the lively music of an evening. Often there was someone here he knew..someone to chat to.
Not so this evening. He thought there might have been more people in being so close to Christmas although it was a bit early. He sat in the middle of the long bar, enjoying being on his own for the time being, chatting with the barman as he polished glasses and pulled pints. He sensed rather than saw the two men behind him.
Looking in the mirror, behind the bar, he saw them, both about his age, really no different than most of the chaps that come into the pub. One of them looked vaguely familiar. The one on his right bent down to his ear,
Good evening John, how are you? I havent seen you around for a while. The voice was cultured Irish, quiet, pleasant in a way, sounded more like Donegal than Belfast. Wed like you to come with us, pay your tab and just walk out with us.
He stiffened and sat for a few seconds pondering his optionsa voice from his left, still quiet but definitely not cultured more Falls Road than anything.
If you think its my dick you can feel in your back youd be wrong, now be a good boy, pay your tab and just walk out of the pub with us nice and quiet like.
The three of them got into the car parked at the curb, the driver pulled out into the traffic. The one with the gun, who looked as though he knew what he was doing, said,
Get on the floor and keep your eyes down, try anything stupidhe left the rest unsaid. They drove west for almost an hour, out along the A52, the Ballyutoag Road. John hadnt heard another vehicle for over twenty minutes. Eventually he felt the car turn onto a bumpy lane, he could hear the splashing of the, not yet frozen, puddles under the car.
They pulled up in front of an old farm house, surrounded by trees. It had started to snow and the wind was threatening to drift the snow against the buildings.
The driver said conversationally, place has been in my family for a long time, beautiful in the summer but a bitch in the winter. No neighbors or anything. Bit too isolated for mebut it has its uses. They walked him into the kitchen.
Sit down John, said the cultured one nodding his head towards one of the pine chairs at the table. They tied him to the chair with plastic ties. Would you like some tea? the cultured one again, before we have our chat I think we should light a fire and make a pot of tea, its a bit chilly in here.
Slowly the room warmed up as the peat took hold. The one with the gun took off his parka and poured three mugs of tea.
John.milk and sugar? the cultured one again. John remained silent. No need to be rude old boy, again the cultured one. He took the mug, poured the contents down the sink and sat down on the other side of the table. He smiled at John.
It should be obvious, even to you John, that weve brought you here for a little chat, he smiled again. We know you were at Tern Hill the other day and, just in case you dont know, the two troopers in the guardhouse died. I should add, by the way, that right now the authorities really dont care what happens to youjust thought Id throw that out so you get the whole picture..only fair after all. We really only have one question for youwell more than one actually, he was still quiet and polite. We know who three of your group are but we also know that it couldnt have been pulled off with only three, so we would like to know the names of the others. Take your time John theres no hurry.
He got up and poured himself another mug of tea. The room now was getting quite warm. Its also pretty obvious that you had inside information so we would also like to know who the contact was and who organized the whole thing..perhaps it was the same chapwho knowsso what do you have to say John?
Go fuck yourself, said John straining at the ties.
You know Im really remiss, said the courteous one, I failed to introduce myself. My name is James, people call me Jimmy.Jimmy ORourke actually, thats probably all you need to know just now. To be fair I should probably explain your options to youas I said before the authorities really dont care what happens to you as long as there is some sort of retribution.
The nature of that retribution is entirely up to you. You can tell us what we need to know right now. For that we simply hand you over to the authorities. You will be found guilty of a Terrorist Act or second degree murder or both I suppose in which case you will serve a considerable amount of time but, and I cant stress this enough for you, you will be alive. The other options I leave to your imagination, are you sure you wont have some tea?
He turned to the driver of the car, could you put the kettle on again please and then get that large poly tarp out of the back of the car. We really dont want to make a mess in here.. do we have any biscuits?
They sat around for quite a while enjoying the tea and biscuits. John on his chair had been placed in the middle of the large blue, plastic tarp. Jimmy took a notebook out of his jacket pocket and an old fashioned fountain pen. Unscrewing the top off the pen he looked up at John.
Okay John the moment of truth, firstly the names of the men with you at Tern Hill.
Go fuck yourself, said John, sweat shining on his forehead.
Youre a very rude man, John, shoot him in the left kneecap please! The roar of the gun exploded in the room. Johns scream was drowned out by the crash of the chair as it hit the floor. The tarp was spattered with blood from the shattered knee. Pick him up theres a good chap, said Jimmy quietly.
Has he passed out? hmm well ask him again when he comes round. The pleasant smell in the kitchen of the peat fire was now replaced a mixture of burning peat, cordite and the coppery smell of blood.
John sat in the chair, chin on his chest, his face waxen in shock the blood from his shattered knee dripping onto the tarp.
Hes awake, said Jimmy. John I really do dislike this unpleasantness but I must insist on getting the names so you give them to me now and then well get your leg fixed up.
John looked at him balefully almost biting through his bottom lip in an attempt to quell the waves of pain.
You might as well kill me now, he whispered.
Goodness..no point in that, said Jimmy, shoot him in the other knee please.
Again the gun roared out, the kneecap visibly shattering in front of them. John and the chair were thrown across the room by the force of the heavy caliber bullet.
Untie him now, said Jimmy, hes not going anywhere. Lie him down on the floor and get the poor chap a pillow for his head.
John came round to find himself lying on the floor. The kitchen lights were dazzling above him, the windows dark with the coming night. He could see the two shapes sitting at the kitchen table. He tried to move. The effort brought a moan of pain to his lips.
Good show.hes come around at last, said Jimmy. One of the shapes stood up and kneeled by his side. Those legs look pretty bad John, sorry about that but, like I said before, I really do need the names. John tried to speak. Shhhh, said Jimmy, before you try to be rude again let me explain something to you. Weve done this before, youre not going to die. Next are your elbows then your eyes, we can keep you alive for days if needs be, he sat back on his heels
So whats it going to be John?
OHaraOHara, whispered John.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 26
Was the night before Christmas..almost anyway.
Tony Wei sat in his club in Kensington. The attack on Tern Hill had been relegated to the third page in The Times. Speculation was rife concerning the circumstances although details were sparse to say the least. This, Tony assumed, would be due to the Security Forces clamping a lid on any and all information, D notices flying around all over the place, that throwback to the last war that prohibits publishing information that might threaten national security. His greatest concern was that this had something to do with Jennings.
He had never felt this exposed, after all two troopers had been killed. If he could be tied to the event he could be considered as guilty as if he had pulled the trigger himself. For years he had prided himself on his tradecraft, now he was kicking himself for getting involved in something where the gains, frankly, did not justify the risks.
He had been complacent, he knew it and now the knot in his stomach was becoming a constant reminder. If caught and proven that he was indirectly involved in the Tern Hill affair none of the options were overly attractive. If proven and he could be tied to the Chinese embassy his, life expectancy would be considerably shortened. If not tied to the embassy he would get at least lifehed be an old man by the time he got out. Maybe he would be deported but to where? If to China, same thinghe wouldnt live too long. Viet Nam? His papers were false and wouldnt stand the type of scrutiny that deportation demanded.
The more he thought about it the more his imagination ran riot, the more his stomach got into a knot. He had set himself up as the middleman.Jennings as the source.Avi as the client.
Surely if these two were out of the picture nothing could link him to Tern Hill. Having thought that he came back to the fact that he still hadnt heard from Jennings so just perhaps Tern Hill didnt have anything to do with them..yea and cows can fly he thought. I should be so lucky.
Of course his final option would be just to cut and run, but to where? Life on the run didnt exactly appeal to himno, the best action would be to insulate himself from what was going on and then lie low for as long as necessary. His mind twisted and turned.
He was tempted to call Frank even drive up there but he knew either could be a mistake. Patience was his only friend just now. No matter what one decision was made, both Jennings and Avi had to go and he would have to do it himself. Outside of Avi nothing could tie him to the smuggling business at that end and with Jennings out of the way nothing tied him to any weapons theft.
Having come to a conclusion his stomach settled down and he could focus more on the details of the jobs at hand. Perhaps a light lunch and a good bottle of wine would settle his nerves. He stood up, straightened his immaculate suit and, waiving nonchalantly to a couple of acquaintances at the bar, strolled into the dining room as though he hadnt a care in the world.
*
It was exactly a week since the attack on Clive Barracks. Paddy OHara could feel the blood pounding in his ears. His legs werent sore yet and he was still nowhere near the wall although he knew it was coming. He was jogging his normal route. Most of the guys jogged on the base using either the track or the playing fields. He just got bored silly going round and round and much preferred jogging down by the river and the canal. There was always something to see down therethe colorful canal boatsthe river itself with the huge willows at the waters edge. First thing in the morning, even in the winter, with your breath following you like an old steam train, it was a pleasure providing you were dressed properly. He simply had to get out every day for a while. In a couple of weeks, in the new year, even older NCOs like him were going to have to go over the obstacle course and hed better be in shape otherwise he was going to have a heart attack.
This time of the morning it was barely light. Probably because of the time of year, coupled with it being close to Christmas, there werent many people out either. In fact he hadnt seen anyone for quite a while. He could hear footsteps behind him, somebody younger, faster catching him up. A joggerno, more of a runner went past him. Couldnt tell if it was a man or a woman, dressed in black, with a black hoody, moving quickly and effortlessly where he was starting to labor a little. He offered a good morning as the runner went by but got no response which was unusual for this part of the world. He turned down towards the canal, his favorite part of the run. This was a little easier now, slightly downhill then leveling off along the old towpath, a line of bare, winter trees to his left the canal on his right, vestiges of ice rimming the banks.
He was running a little easier nowmust have got his second wind. He ran by a line of canal boats all tucked up for the winter. He could see the locks several hundred yards ahead. This is where he could cross the canal and jog down the other side. A shape stepped out of the trees about fifty yards in front of him and just stood in the middle of the tow path as though waiting for him to arrive. It looked like the runner that had passed him earlier. As he moved over to one side in order to pass, the runner in black moved over as if to block him. He slowed down to almost a walk as he approached.
The runners foot and leg were a blur. It was so fast he almost didnt see it happening. The foot struck him just below the heart. It was crushing. His heart almost stopped. He couldnt breathe. He didnt feel the ground as he crashed down neither did he feel the gravel of the path as the runner dragged him to the edge of the canal. He felt the cold water close over him as he slipped under the surface. His whole chest was numbhe couldnt feel anything. There was no sensation. He didnt feel himself bump against the hull of one of the colorful canal boats.he no longer felt anything.
*
Tony took a table in the dining room sitting with his back to the wall facing the entrance.old habits. He nodded to the smartly dressed gentleman, dining alone, a couple of tables further down the wall. He failed to notice that the gentleman had an excellent view of the lounge area and bar and particularly the area where Tony had been sitting although he must have had the choice of far nicer tables. After having sampled the excellent Sancerre brought to his table and whilst waiting for the soup he had ordered the mobile in his left jacket pocket vibrated.
Yes? he answered.
Its Frank, the voice in his ear replied.
You following protocol? he asked tersely.
Dont worry Tony, Im calling from a call box.
Just as well, said Tony, what do you want Im just having lunch? Frank told him that his order was ready and that he would be willing to deliver it the following Monday Dec 23rd. It was agreed to deliver the order to the Brixton warehouse between three and four in the afternoon as Tony wanted to be there himself and the order was C.O.D. When Tony rang off he didnt notice the other gentleman check his watch.
The Commander, George, Jennie and Dave Rowden were meeting on Saturday evening but this time in the comfort of Georges home in Eaton Bishop rather than the cramped quarters of the Bath St. Police Station. This was at the request of the Commander rather than Georges preference as he had wanted to see the weapons in the museum particularly the blow guns, darts and poison. They were sitting round the table in the museum, notes and drinks in front of them.
I could get used to this, said the Commander, much more civilized than Im used to he smiled at Jennie as though he knew something that she didnt. Well, he said lots of activity in the last few days. Thanks to Georges team we now have the names of all the participants in the Tern Hill job. We also have confirmation that the whole thing was organized by OHara. Im not sure I want to know exactly how the information was acquired and, quite frankly, just between the four of us Im not sure I really give a shit..enough that we have it for now. Weve also intercepted a call from Jennings to Tony Wei concerning some delivery to his Brixton warehouse on Monday. Now its very much a question of timing and developing a link between the whole bunch of themproviding of course there is a link, although I find it hard to believe in coincidences.
So what are you suggesting? asked David.
The Commander looked up, we have to assume that Jennings and Wei are up to no good. Under the Counter Terrorist Act we have sufficient suspicion to justify warrants for the arrest of both of them plus warrants for search and seizure of the warehouse, Jennings shop, both their homes and all their vehicles. We know theyre meeting on Monday so thats when well take them. Although we dont have much time well coordinate with the West Yorkshire police and take down Avis entire group plus the illegals. At the same time we can take down OHara.
The Commander took a sip of his drink and looked over at George. George I assume your people have located all the Irishmen?
Yes Sir, George responded out of habit, we have eyes constantly on all of them. I would have thought some of them might have made a run for it by now..at least get out of the way for a while; Canada or the USA, they must be feeling pretty confident!
Each of the four sat, quietly lost in their own thoughts, considering their potential part in what the Commander was proposing.
Fair bit of coordination required here, mused David, the separate groups will have to be taken down simultaneously. We cant afford any communication between them or we run the risk of them running. There are some unknowns too. We dont know how many villains were dealing with in Brixton so wed have to be prepared for the worst. I dont know about Leeds or Ireland. The easiest part seems to be taking down OHara.
The Commander chipped in. Youre absolutely right Major, however we do know what were dealing with in Leeds and Im confident the West Yorkshire Police can deal with them. I agree with the OHara part..the MPs can take him down easily. The problem is in London and Ireland. Frankly, George, I wish I could use your people in Ireland but its out of the question. At least its a known quantity.just the six of them.
Actually just five Sir, said George one of them had a bit of an accident Im sorry to report.
Exactly why we cant use your people for this, George, said the Commander, once we start, some of this is bound to leak out and become public knowledge, particularly the London element. We will have to be able to withstand a certain amount of public scrutiny although not too much as the Official Secrets Act will be invoked plus D notices will be thrown at the newspapers. The problem will be Mr. Joe Public. The biggest unknown is going to be in Brixton.theres no telling how many we will be dealing with at the Warehouse and of course we certainly dont know if all Weis employees are villains. The odds are that theyre not. The last thing we need is some innocent to get caught up in it! OK, heres how I propose we go about this.
The Commander stood up and started to walk about the room lost in thought. David I want you take responsibility for Tony Wei. Youll use the SAS Counter Terrorism team in North London, there are eight of them stationed there just for this purpose. Youll also have to coordinate with the Met.Ill give you a contact name of someone high enough up the ladder that you wont have any problems. However its of paramount importance that the SAS set up a Command and Control Center immediately in Brixton to try and determine exactly what were going up against.
Ive also had contact with some of the brass at Clive Barracks, said David, it was part of the initial investigation into OHara. Id recommend we ignore the CO there hes a real Colonel Blimp, just go with the officer commanding the military police. He can do it nice and quiet like.
That works for me, said the Commander, make sure OHara is arrested at exactly 1500 hours on Mondayno later! Georgeas far as the Irish side is concerned its not that difficult. I once met the Chief Constable of the Royal Ulster Constabulary at an extended training course at the Police College in Bramshill so I have the contact. Im going to talk to him as soon as I can find him, simply have your people hand off to him and his people. Just make sure that your guys keep a low profile..out of sight altogether would be the best thing, he added smiling,  as soon as I have it set up have Jimmy ORourke call himIll give you the number.
Jennie who had been silent up to now said, Commander, none of this cloak and dagger stuff has anything to do with me however I do have two murders on my plate just now.one of them right on my patch in Hereford. I presume you have no objection to our interviewing Tony Wei once you have him in custody?
Actually that might be a good thing, answered the Commander, added pressure can do nothing but help. As soon as we have him in his new home well be in touch. You and David should do the interview. George..if you dont mind Id like to get on the phone and get the wheels in motion. Once thats done, if youve no objection, Ill have the chopper pick me up here and nip me back to London.
No problem Commander, said George, tell the pilot to pick you up in the paddock to the south of the house. Theres plenty of room and Ill have Mr. Iredale move the horses into the barn.
Wellthats the most activity weve had in the last ten days, said George. The clatter of the helicopter, returning the Commander to London, had disappeared behind the trees and David had left for London to coordinate that end of the operation. They were sitting in the kitchen at the large pine table.
Youre right about that, said Jennie, but were really no further ahead concerning Harry and Peter Brenner, hopefully theres some sort of connection. Id like to leave everything until after Christmas if thats possible. By the time they get Tony Wei locked up itll be Christmas Eve. Theoretically I have the week off starting now but Id like to do the interview next Friday if that works for everyone, just means Ill have to drive up to London which is a bit of a pain.
You going to stay here over Christmas? asked George.
You mean all week? replied Jennie teasing.
Darn right, replied George, no point in running backwards and forwards all week is there?
Typical male logic, said Jennie, sure there isnt another reason? 
Okaythe truth is Id like you to be here for the week and I dont care who knows it. Itll make Mrs. Iredale happy too, he said laughing.
Id love to..thanks for asking, she replied laughing, but theres a couple of conditions. I dont want to be treated as Lady of the Manor and I want to be involved in the household stuff .that includes cooking the Christmas Dinner. Just have to make sure Mrs. Iredale doesnt think Im putting her out of a job. Do we know whos coming for Christmas yet?
Good news there Jen, I heard from Robbie. Hell be here by Christmas Eve, going to stay at least a weeknot just a Holiday we have a fair bit of business to discuss too. Apparently he had a hell of a job convincing Paan that he would be okay on his own. Theres also a bit of a turn up for the book..Gema Mason is coming together with Wendy. I dont know how Dick feels about that, he might not even know. Just hope there isnt any unpleasantness. Anyway that makes ten including the Iredales.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 27
Operation Icarus
The Commander and David Rowden were sitting in the communication center on Gower Street in London. Jennings hadnt even left for London yet so there was plenty of time.
You know this is too bloody complicated, said the Commander, too much going on at once. The lynch pin to the whole thing is OHara. If he twigs, everybody will disappear on us; the Irish, the Chinaman with Jennings, Avi up in Leeds plus the illegals..theyll all dive underground, wed be screwed! Lets pick up OHara now, that way we can isolate him and obviate any risk, call the MPs now, Dave, and lets lock the bastard up.
David dialed the direct line to the Lieutenant he had met up at Clive Barracks. After a terse, rather one sided conversation, he hung up and turned to the Commander.
Bit of a problem up there Sir, they dont have eyes on OHara, in fact he hasnt been seen for a couple of days. Hes actually AWOL never mind everything else.
Youve got to be kidding me, replied the Commander, what the bloody hell is going on? Tell them to keep looking but keep it quiet until we give them the go ahead for an all out search.
He looked at the wall clock, Jennings should be leaving soon. I might as well call the RUC now and get the Irish mob picked up.should bring them all up to London, puts the pressure on. Soon as Ive done that well drive over to the Command and Control Center and get a closer look at the Brixton Operation. Surely wed have known if OHara had done a runnerwhat the fuck is happening here?
The Command and Control center was, in fact, a completely nondescript fifty three foot trailer parked several blocks from the warehouse. The interior comprised of a communication center, a toilet, small galley and four berths. When the Commander and David arrived communications was manned by an SAS Captain and one trooper. Lines were open with the West Yorks Police, the Royal Ulster Constabulary and the Military Police in Clive Barracks.
After introductions had been made the Commander asked for an update. The SAS Captain, sitting in a swivel chair in front of a console of screens and phones, turned to him.
Theres still no sign of OHara, which is of some concern, but we cant let it influence us. Jennings is on the move now and should arrive in about ninety minutes. The police, in Yorkshire and Ireland, are all in place and are just waiting for the go ahead from us.
What about the warehouse?
Its not that bad Commander, said the Captain, only the one floor, three entrancestwo in the front, one of which is an overhead dock door, and one in the rear which is a man door. All the windows are barred. The operation should be pretty straight forward although, of course, you never really know. Were an eight man team plus the two of us in here. Therell be two on the back door, two on the main entrance in the front and two on the dock doors. We also have snipers covering the front and the back. As soon as Jennings gets out of the van we give the go ahead to Yorkshire and Ireland. We go in simultaneously as soon as Jennings has unloaded. The Met is prepared to handle road blocks if necessary and will block all traffic as soon as we go in. There are only two people in the building, Tony Wei plus the driver that does the run to Amsterdam.
An added bonus is that their truck is parked outside on the street, any requests or suggestions Commander?
Just keep them all alive if possibleanything to add Major? turning towards David.
Once theyre in custody where are we taking them? asked David. 
I suggest that Jennings and the driver be taken to the jail here in Brixtonseparate cellsno communication whatsoever. Tony Wei goes to a safe house. You and I will take him, that OK with you David?
Works for me Commander let them all stew over Christmas. Plowright and myself plan to come up to town on Friday to interview Wei, of course our prime interest is Downer and Brenner, anything else will be dependent on this afternoon I would think.
They settled down to wait, periodically checking with the teams and the two snipers on the roofs, having excellent views of the streets. Two of the screens on the console in front of the Captain glowed in the indirect lighting showed the front and the back of the building. One of the phones rang jolting them into alertness.
Jennings is about ten minutes out, said the Captain tersely. He keyed his mike button, ten minutes gentlemenwait until my commandsnipers you are not green until my command..we want them alive.
Traffic was light on this side street off the Brixton Road. It was less than ten minutes before the black van pulled in off the main road, stopped and backed up to the dock. The SAS Captain keyed his mike. Only one man in the van. confirm as Frank Jennings, let him unload.wait for my command. He picked up one phone receiver on which was conferenced the West Yorks Police, The Royal Ulster Constabulary and the London Met.
Yorkshire and Ireland you have a go. London wait for the breaching blast before you block off the streetdont want to tip anyone off at this stage of the game.
Jennings got out of the van, looked up and down the street and rang the bell by the side of the dock door. The door rose electrically. It was impossible to see inside from the camera placed across the street. Jennings started to unload boxes that seemed to be heavy for their size, passing them to someone inside the building. There were ten cardboard boxes of average size followed by four large wooden crates. Jennings closed the rear doors to the van, locked everything up and jumped up onto the dock without a word. The overhead door closed silently.
Blue Team you are good to go, said the Captain quietly into his throat mike. Three men quickly and simultaneously approached the three doors, placed breaching charges against each and stood off well to the sides with their partners. With a resounding crash all three were detonated together. Flashbangs were heaved through the resulting entrances immediately followed by the three teams of SAS troopers. In the distance the sirens as the London Police blocked off the side street.
For a number of seconds it was quiet, the dust settling around the doors, a team of riot police keeping both traffic and a few pedestrians away from the immediate scene.
From deep inside the building the muffled sound of three shots quickly followed by the quick chatter of an MP5 followed by quiet.
Building clear, came over the speaker, two in custody and one down.no rush hes dead!
Roger that, replied the Captain, two men on each doorway immediately, no one in unless authorized by myself. Were coming in now..three of us.
The Commander, David and the Captain jogged across the street and, climbing over the rubble of the destroyed door, entered the building.
The lobby was cloudy with dust from the explosion. The three of them walked out into the warehouse. The scene was like a war zone, thick dust everywhere, yellow in the light of the fluorescents high in the roof, three teams of two men each in black coveralls and balaclavas standing guard at the entrances. David recognized the coppery smell of cordite and blood in the air. One of the men approached the Captain and, glancing at the Commander and David, said,
One of the bad guys made a run for the rear door. He opened fire with a handgun, we had no choice but to take him out. The Commander walked down the warehouse to the body, lying in a pool of blood, spread-eagled on the concrete floor and took a good look at him.
Must be the driver, he said that MP5 made a mess of him.
He walked back to the group at the front of the warehouse just inside the dock door. Two men were kneeling on the concrete floor hands tied behind them with plastic ties.
Tony Wei and Frank Jennings.youve both been naughty boys.the question is.how naughty.so what have we got here? said the Commander, nodding at the pile of boxes and crates. David took out his pocket knife and sliced open one of the cardboard boxes.
No wonder they looked heavy, he said. He pulled off the cardboard box to reveal a military looked ammunition box. He sliced open a few more.
All the samelooks like two calibersabout 5000 rounds in total Id estimate. Taking a wrecking bar from the bench by the door he opened up the four crates. Oh boy.take a look at this Commander Looking down into the crates they saw four automatic weapons. Looks like two light machine guns and two MP5s. Theyre all brand new..still in their packing grease. The LMGs look like the new ones just issued.
Give me one of the serial numbers David, asked the Commander taking a folded sheet of paper out of his jacket pocket. David lifted out one of the machine guns and reeled off the serial number. The Commander walked over to the two men kneeling on the floor.
These are some of the weapons stolen from Clive Barracks recently. Two Irish Regiment troopers were killed in that jobyou two boys have a real problem..fly that close to the sunIcarus I believe.
*
Later that evening back in Gower Street with George and Jennie on the conference phone in the middle of the table,
OK lets have a quick post mortem so as we are all up to date, said the Commander. Firstly we have to commend everyone for a job well done. It was as quiet and as unobtrusive as we could have it and no one got hurt..other than the Chinamans drivercouldnt be helped. All the Irish have been picked up, are in transit to London and are awaiting Her Majestys pleasure.  Avi and his group, plus the eight illegals, are all in custody. We wont have any trouble figuring out Avis involvement in this and the illegals will be deported quickly to their country of origin.Interpol are working on that in Amsterdam.  Jennings is sitting in Brixton Prison and Tony Wei is in a safe house. By the way we found twenty thousand quid in small bills in a briefcase in Weis office..obviously payment for the guns.
The only wrinkle still left is that theres still no sign of OHara. I suppose he could be long gone by now. Luckily we dont need him to tie everything together now although it would have been nice.well keep on looking though. I think thats about it for now. David and Jennie are coming up to London next Friday to interview Tony Weianybody anything to add?
Any objections to me coming up to London on Friday as well? asked George over the phone, I might be of some help there.
Its fine with me, said the Commander, its still a Counter Terrorist affair and youre still a consultant although obviously Jennie Plowrights interest is the ongoing murder investigation. I suppose now I only have one thing to add at this stage of the proceedings.Merry Christmas everyone!!
~ ~ ~

Chapter 28
Time for presents
It was like a multi-layered Christmas card thought Jennie, both inside and out. It had snowed overnight and was cold enough for it to remain fluffy and unmarred by a partial thaw. It lay on the pine trees and fields like a great white, fluffy blanket.
The paddock behind the house was stained by the pile of hay put out by Mr. Iredale and surrounded by the hoof prints of the horses, a cloud of steam above each horse like a personal aura.
She stood in the tall, mullioned study window looking out across the paddock towards the woods in the distance, the fire crackling behind her in the hearth. She could see Robbie and George coming down the path out of the woods together with the two labs like two black blobs in the snow. The two men had their shotguns under their arms although it looked as though theyd had no luck. It was obvious that now the dogs were playing rather than working, chasing each other and rolling in the snow.
It all seemed so far away from what she did for a living.another world. Her world seemed grimy compared to this place, a world of crime, a world that often seemed ugly by comparison. This place was like an island.a refugea cave almost.
George stopped at the paddock railing and waited for the horses to trot over as he knew they would, each knowing that he had carrots in his pocket, as he always had. He treated each one individually then turned towards the house, disappearing round the corner, heading for the back and the mud room. She turned back into the large room feeling at home and comfortable amongst the chintz covered couches and gleaming antique furniture.
The crash of a door in the back of the house brought her out of her reverie, the pounding of canine feet in the long hallway followed by the eruption of the two dogs into the study. They rushed over to say hello and then collapsed in front of the roaring fire..measured strides down the hallway and the two men walked into the room.
She had met Robbie for the first time just last night. They had taken to each other immediately. He was a huge man, in his forties now but still lean and hard. Hed shaved off his beard and was deeply tanned from the Brunei sun. He made George appear small yet George himself was well over six feet. The two of them were obviously more than just comfortable in each others presence. It was as if each could hear the other think most certainly the result of a twenty five year relationship many of those years protecting the others six. She smiled at the thought.
What are you laughing at? asked George.
I was just thinking about you two looking after each other for so long, youre like an old married couple, she said laughing out loud.
Aye well someone had to keep an eye on him, rumbled Robbie, his Glasgow accent just as strong as it ever was, hed of been dead years ago as might we allwe looked out for each other.that was the nature of the team. He gazed quietly into the flames of the fire, but who was looking out for Harry and Peter? he asked almost to himself, what the hell is going on here?
Enough of this, said George, its Christmas, theres snow on the ground and gifts under the tree, well get back to the real world on Friday.whos drinking what? George poured all three large single malts.
I hope thats Bowmore, said Robbie.
It is, replied George, would I dare pour you anything else? he replied laughing.
Jennie had moved over to the stereo and now the soaring sounds of the Guildford Choir filled the room with a traditional carol. Now it even sounds like Christmas, she said. The three of them sat around the crackling fire, cut crystal in hand, listening to the music, one of the dogs opened one eye checking that all was well in doggie world, sighed and went back to sleep.
George stood up, I have to go talk to the Iredales about some horsey stuff and the arrangements for tomorrow, keep each other company for awhile.just help yourself to drinks. He walked out of the room the dogs following.
Bloody dogs follow him everywhere, said Robbie smiling.  Jennie just sat contentedly watching the flames flicker.  Theres happiness in the house, said Robbie, first time in years, weve you to thank for that. I know you havent known each other for too long but its obvious to everyone that you belong together.  First thing Mrs. Iredale said to me when I saw her yesterday.and she should know.
Jennie just sat quietly gazing into the fire. For me it was love at first sight, she said, I actually came to interview him over the Downer affair. Now I come to think about it I met the dogs first and then George, laughing, then Mrs. Iredale.
We have to keep an eye on him you know, said Robbie serious now, I know him better than anyone, we go back over twenty five years. He wont take this thing with Harry and Peter lying down you know. He wont say anything. Hell respect the fact that its your job and hell help you in it but in the back of his mind will be his own idea of punishment and that will not involve languishing in some cell.no matter for how long. We cannot lose sight of the fact that he employs the equivalent of a full SAS squadron, over sixty five men who all trained not too far from here. He looks after them, provides them with benefits. Many of them would not know what to do, you know, after retirement.
Life after Special Forces can be hard for many of themme included. You get used to the camaraderiethe living on the edge. I think what Im trying to say is that they would do anything for him..and I mean anything. Hes done extremely well for himself and can afford just about anything he wants. The business is still growing and will only get more profitable so money will never be an issue. We just have to be vigilant. I wouldnt want him getting into trouble.and of course he has you now. Just a word to the wise...
George came back into the roomdogs in tow. So what have you guys been talking about behind my back? he asked happiness in his voice. He didnt wait for a reply, well everything is organized for tomorrow, Mrs. Iredale has it all under control although you would think she was cooking for thirty. The bloody turkey only just fits in the Aga and theres only ten of us!
Whos the ten then? asked Robbie.
Well theres we three plus Dickie, Gema and Wendy, David, his girlfriend Pauline and the Iredales.
I havent seen Gema in a hell of a long time and Ive never met the daughter, said Robbie. Ive spoken to her a few times when I was helping her out on her trip with Wendy. She seems to have made quite the friend in Paan.thats the Border Scout I was telling you about Jennie..he sends her stuff from time to time. She must have a museum like yours George, he said jokingly.
Should be interesting to see the chemistry between her and Dickie Mason, said Jennie, my information is that they havent lived together for quite some time. He has a housekeeper, a Mrs. Trenholme, and Gema herself lives in the flat over the old barn. Whats curious is that she never lets anyone in there.whole thing is bloody weird! Im surprised theyre coming.
Long as theyre nice to each other, said George laughingly, dont want anyone buggering up our Christmas dinner! Everyone should show up around lunchtime and dinner should be around four I think.
The day was drawing to a close. Mrs. Iredale came in, closed the drapes and made arrangements for dinner that evening.
I see some gifts have mysteriously appeared under the tree, said George, one of them is bloody huge! I think it would be a good idea if we opened them this evening that way tomorrow is completely clear for our guests, what do you think?
Fine by me, said Jennie, what about the Iredales?
I always look after them, said George, I give them a Christmas bonus plus a case of wine which sees them through the year. Good bonus this year too, theyre on the company payroll of course.
They gathered round the tree, all eighteen feet of it, standing not quite touching the ceiling far above.
I brought gifts for you both, said Robbie, but I had to have Mrs. Iredale wrap them for me last night. Theyre in all those packages in the corner. After theyd finished ripping all the paper off like children, spread out on the floor in front of them was an entire collection of Kayan artifacts.
Theyre for the museum except for that really colorful prayer matthats for Jennie, said Robbie feeling a little self conscious. Ive had them all dated, theyre all pretty old not one item is less than two hundred years old for a fact.
Theyre magnificent, said George, well need a bigger room at this rate. Im afraid our gift is rather small by comparison but I know youll like it. He passed Robbie a small package. Inside was a leather case containing a custom Sgian Dubh.
Och man its beautiful, said Robbie.
I ordered the bloody thing almost a year ago and it only turned up the other day. I was getting a bit panicky, said George, just be careful with it..its the real thing and has a terrific edge on it.
Ill be wearing it tomorrow, said Robbie full dress tomorrowits Christmas Day.
That really big box is for you George, said Jennie, took two of us to get it in here. George and Robbie manhandled the carton out into the middle of the floor. George ripped the paper off.
A trap machine! what a wonderful idea.
Theres a thousand clay pigeons hidden in the garage that go with it, said Jennie. Its radio controlled and will throw timed doubles.
We can set it up in the West fielditll be safe there.terrific!! George was obviously thrilled with the gift.
Itll go wonderfully with my gift to you, he said passing her a long box wrapped in Christmas paper. Careful its quite heavy. Perhaps we should go in the study to open itbetter to use the table.
In the study she tore off the paper. Lying on the table a long, leather, hand tooled case with an engraved brass plaque on the outside Jennie Plowright in script. Inside, the shotgun with the four sets of barrels lay gleaming in the green felt compartments. Stitched into the inside of the lid the leather tab proclaiming to the world..Purdey. Gun and Rifle Makers under the Royal Crests.
Its beautiful George but how can I possibly accept it. I know what its worth.probably more than I make in a year.
Dinna worry yoursel about it, said Robbie, what else is he going to do with his money anywayenjoy Lassieits magnificent.the Sultan himself would be impressed. Ye can try it out on that machine you bought for him.
Later that evening, completely relaxed in the study, Jennie lying on the couch, her head in Georges lap, Robbie slouching in an armchair by the side of the fire all enjoying that companionable silence some get to enjoythe silence only broken by the crackling of the log fire and the occasional whimper from one of the dogs as it dreamed about rabbits, or whatever it is that dogs dream about. The shrilling of a phone in another room intruded.
Bugger it, said George, either Mrs. Iredale will get it or it will go to voice mail. A tapping on the door and Mrs. Iredales entrance indicated he was going to have to get up.
Its for Miss Jennie, she said, its Inspector Rowden..he says its urgent. Jennie got up and picked up the phone on the side table. She listened for a few minutes without saying anything and then, after agreeing to see David and his girlfriend the following day for dinner, hung up.
She sat for a few minutes, gazing into the fire thinking. They found OHara, she said, hes dead! They found him in the canal in Market Drayton. The Military Police called the Commander who called David. They suspect foul play, it looks as though hed been jogging and somebody jumped him. Theres a bit of a jurisdictional fight going on, the fact that its Christmas Eve doesnt exactly help either.
Bloody Hell, said George, thats a turn up for the book.
Apparently hes been dead for a few days by the condition of the body, said Jennie, he was last seen on Saturday and the MPs couldnt find him on Monday so its a good guess he was killed on Sunday.
George got up, poked the fire and put on another log. We had everyone under surveillance..even the Irishmen. so it cant be anyone weve had our eyes on.
This puts an entirely different perspective on things, said Jennie, we thought we had everyone wrapped up and we obviously dontwere missing something.  For securitys sake we have people here tomorrow who have nothing to do with the investigation. I think we should not be discussing the thing at all tomorrowIll make a point of talking to Davidyou agree with that?
I agree, said George, anyway its Christmas Day and we should just enjoy it. Im going to take the dogs out for a pee Robbie why dont you come with me.
They walked out into the paddock, the bright moonlight lighting the way, the dogs tearing around, glad to be out. What do you think Robbie? asked George his breath curling away into the night.
Aye theres something not right here. Three people dead now that we personally know. Back of my head is getting itchy.
Mine too.Im not comfortable with this at allput it down to my intuition, said George.
Aye laddiewell its got us out of trouble before lets not ignore it now, rumbled the Scotsman, what are you thinking?
Dunno yetIll think of something though.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 29
Its Christmas Day
Christmas Day dawned crisp and clear, another Hallmark day Jennie thought as she luxuriated under the down comforter, the weak sun streaming through the window. She rolled over. George had gone, the bed cool, hed been gone for a while.
She looked at the clock on the bedside tablenine oclock already, shed better get going.lots to do today. She showered and dressed in a tweed skirt complemented by an emerald green silk blouse that accented her auburn hair and green eyes.
I look like the bloody lady of the manor she thought eyeing herself in the full length mirror maybe I should wear something else.
Hey.you look great this morning. Merry Christmas darling, George was standing in the doorway leaning on the frame. I think I should have come up while you were still in the shower.
They went down to breakfastnot the pine table in the kitchen this morning. Mrs. Iredale had a family tradition for Christmas Morning, breakfast in the formal dining room, Eggs Benedict, champagne and orange juice. George always insisted that it include both Mr. and Mrs.Iredale. Robbie had not come down yet but they could hear his footsteps as he came down the main staircase.
Merry Christmas, he boomed as he stepped into the room. They gasped. Robbie, all six foot four of him, was dressed in his traditional Highland Dress. His eighteen yard kilt swayed as he strode across the room giving Jennie a Christmas kiss. He shook Georges hand. What do you think ye wee Sassenach? he said.
You look magnificent, said George, all you need is a Claymore and youd be the perfect warrior.
Who needs a Claymore when Ive got my new Sgian Dubh, proudly pointing to the knife tucked into the top of his tartan sock.
*
Mrs. Iredale came in pushing a trolley loaded with eggs, back bacon, a tureen of Hollandaise sauce followed by Mr.Iredale carrying a magnum of champagne and a jug of fresh orange juice.
You and Terry sit down, said George, I do the serving this morning. The elderly couple sat down and George proceeded to serve everyone. Robbie followed him around pouring the champagne and orange juice. George served himself last and sat down. He picked up his glass and offered a toast Merry Christmas everyone.
Over coffee George said, I think I should explain something for the benefit of Robbie and Jennie, smiling over at the Iredales.
For some inexplicable reason Mr. and Mrs. Iredale insist on being called Mr. and Mrs. Iredale.I, for one, have given up arguing. Their names are actually Terry and Margaret.
He looked up at them quizzically, Margaret started to blush. Terry here is actually Sergeant Major Terence Iredale Retired of the Parachute Regiment and one of the Originals. For your benefit Jennie the Originals are the original members of the SAS that fought with Stirling in North Africa during the last war..hes a hard man but loves horses, he added laughing. They live in the Lodge down by the gate and have done since I bought the place. I trust them both implicitly.
Well I never.lifes full of surprises, said Robbie, its an honor to meet you Sergeant Major, standing up and shaking his hand. One night we should get together, over a wee dram, and swap lies.
The first to arrive was David and his girlfriend Pauline, theyd been staying at the Green Dragon in Hereford. Jennie went out of her way to make Pauline feel at home but only after having spoken to David to ensure that shop did not crop up during conversation.
They were gathered together in the museum trying to re-arrange things to make room for Robbies substantial addition when Dickie Mason arrived.alone. He was showed in by Mrs. Iredale.
DickieMerry Christmas.great to see you, said George.
Nice to see you people too, said Dick, thanks for inviting me. Robbie you look absolutely sensational in a kilt, that the style in Brunei these days? he said laughingly. Gema and Wendy will be along soon I expect, theyll be in their own car.
Why dont we go into the study and crack a nice bottle of sherry whilst we wait for them? suggested George giving Jennie a questioning look.
By now the spicy smell of Christmas was pervading the house. Roast turkey, a separate pan of walnut stuffing, bread pudding. The vegetables would only go on once the turkey was almost cooked, the kitchen a hive of activity. George had just poured the sherry when Gemas green Jag pulled up in front of the house. Mother and daughter walked into the study. Robbie eyed the two from where he was standing in front of the fire.
It was years since he had seen Gema and Wendy hed never actually met. Gema seemed to have hardly changed at all. She was beautiful twenty years ago and she was still beautiful. A few lines about the eyes but her hair was still lustrous although now it was cut short. Her figure looked the same as it had all those years ago.youthful and hard but it was Wendy that caught him aback.
She was tall, as tall as her father. In her heels she had to be well over six feet towering over her mother. Her hair was short and auburn in contrast to her mothers, her skin a honey color blushed by the sun. Her most startling feature was her eyes. They were Dickies eyesa startling blue yet almond shaped like her mothers.
She was dressed in a cheomsam, that high collared, oriental dress with a slit up the side. It was a peacock blue accenting her eyes and showing off her long, tanned legs. Ignoring her father she walked over to him.
You must be Robbie McElroy, Im Wendy Mason Ive heard so much about you. She extended her hand. He took her hand to shake it and immediately felt not the hand of a student at Cambridge but something else. He looked down and was surprised to see tiny intricate tattoos on the backs of the fingers.
I am indeed, he rumbled, Im so pleased to meet you at last. Ive known your mother for over twenty years now.your father for longer than that. With that Gema came over. He had to lean right over to kiss her on the cheek. Long time no see Gem, he said quietly, Paan says Hi, daughter looks like a chip off the old block.tall too.
Yes but which block? Gema whispered and turned away to be introduced to David and Pauline.
*
The house was quiet now save for the muffled ticking of the old clock on the landing. Jennie lay in bed looking at the shadows on the ceiling cast by the bedside lamp, George by her side.
That was one of the nicest and yet the weirdest Christmas Dinners of my life, she said.
I know exactly what you mean, Jen. Im not quite sure why all the Masons came. I dont think one word passed between Dickie and Gema all day or with Wendy for that matter..its the strangest arrangement. Did you get to talk to Wendy at all?
No not really, she replied, Gema and Wendy avoided me like the plague. Im sure its because Gema knows Im a copper, food for thought there though.  David got to talk to Wendy quite a lot though. He gave her some story about being a business consultant or something, shes quite the young woman apparently.
Hows that? asked George sleepily.  David described her as being her mothers daughter. Apparently shes been to Indonesia several times recently hence the tan. She has nothing to do with her father and is deeply into her heritage.or rather her mothers heritage. She considers herself Kayan, have you seen her hands? David says shes taking a bit of time off from Cambridge. When shes in Hereford, which is often, she stays in the flat with her mother never with Dickie. She also works out with her mother and apparently goes to the same dojodoing that Indonesian martial arts thing.
Its called Silat, said George running his hand over the flat of her stomach.
Have you noticed her eyes? she said, trying to ignore the effect Georges hand was having on her.
How could you miss them..shes a stunning looking young woman.
Yes but theyre cold. I got the impression she was calculating all the time. Both her and Gema seemed to spend a lot of time talking with Robbie. Did you notice how quiet they both were when we went into the museum. They make a strange couple thats for sure. Georges hand had moved up to her breast. She felt her nipple harden and her breath quickened.
Youre not wearing a tee shirt, he whispered.
I dont wear them to bed any more, she murmured turning towards him, feeling him against her stomach.giving in to the sensation.
*
Youre definitely a keeper, said Robbie, that was a great breakfast. Im surprised I had room for anything after yesterday. Jennie had insisted that Mr. and Mrs. Iredale sleep in this morning and had undertaken to cook breakfast for them all. Not bad George..shes beautiful, can cook and can fix tickets when you get nicked for speeding, what more could a man possibly want? They laughed together in the warmth of the kitchen.
Robbie..I have a couple of things I need to talk to Mr. Iredale about. Im going to walk down to the Lodge, give the dogs a bit of air too, why dont you come with me.
It was a grey day outside as they walked together down the long laneway to the stone house at the entrance to the estate.
Weathers threatening, said George, hope it doesnt get too bad, we have to drive up to London tomorrow. Mrs. Iredale let them in, she was already wearing a coat.
Ill go up to the house and help Miss Jennie clean up, she said, leave you men together.
They sat around the kitchen table fresh mugs of tea in their hands. George started the conversation. Theres something weird going on. I dont know what it is but theres something in the air..I just feel it. The authorities are looking for some sort of a connection between the killings, including Harry and Peter and the affair at Clive Barracks. They might well be right but Im not comfortable. The icing on the cake was OHara. When he was offed we had all the players under surveillance so theres someone weve missed. Id rather be safe than sorry, Terry.try and get Jimmy ORourke on the phone. Robbie was surprised when Mr. Iredale dialed the number from memory. He looked at George questioningly. OK RobbieTerrys a bit more than just the handyman but the less people know the better.dont you agree?
Sly bastard, was Robbies only response. Terry handed the phone to George.
Jimmy.Merry Christmassorry to get you up early on Boxing Day but somethings come up. I need five men, yourself plus four more. I need them here in Hereford quick as you can. I dont know for how long could be a month or so..no way of telling really. All five need Permits to Carry. Four will be doing a guard duty on the estate and I want you personally to babysit someone for me. Its a woman.shes a copper and very smart. I dont want her out of your sight but I dont want her to know youre even there. Ill fill her in about the other four but the less she knows about you the better. Ill make reservations for you at the Green Dragon. As soon as youre all here youll move into Terrys cottage and use that as a Command Center. Everything you might need will be here by the time you arrive, small arms, communications, camo geartwo kinds as we have snow on the ground here. Ill fill you all in after youve all made yourself at home here. Im going up to London for the day tomorrow but should be back by Friday. Robbie McElroy will be second in command as long as he is here. Any questions Jim?
No Sticky, should have everyone there by the weekend, shouldnt be a problem at all. Probably have a line-up of fellas wanting to come, anything else?
No thats it for now Jimmy.see you in a day or two. He hung up the phone and sat there nursing his tea. Might be overkill but, like I said, better safe than sorry. Terry I want you to keep an eye out now until Jimmy shows up. Check on the proximity alarms in the woods.make sure everythings on line.nobody in without checking with the house first.
They walked back to the house in silence each lost in his own thoughts.
I hope were going to do something about Harry and Peter, said Robbie, but I dont want to run afoul of your good lady.
Im with you on that Robbiethey wouldnt expect anything less and neither would I.what we need is more intel.
Back at the house George and Robbie went back to the museum. Got to sort this lot out, said George, maybe start some sort of catalogue. Thanks to you my collection has almost doubled in size. He was kneeling on the floor, twiddling the dial, unlocking the safe door. Reaching in he took out two handguns, his SIG 9 mill and the Browning High Power which he passed to Robbie.
You might want to keep that in your room while youre here. He tucked the SIG into his belt at his back, under his sweater.
Sure got that itchy feeling.
Later that day, the weak sun doing nothing to melt the snow, George suggested to Jennie that they go for a little drive.
Theres someone I want you to meet, he said, put your boots on and wear something warm. Taking the Land Rover they drove towards the village. At a long stone wall, backed by a row of leafless oaks as old as time, he pulled over onto the snow covered verge, parked and got out. They walked through the lych gate partly hidden by the trees and into the snowy yard.
What a magnificent old church, said Jennie her breath curling up into the air.
Its St. Michaels and All Angels, said George, it was built in the eleventh century. That huge, stained glass window was installed in 1320. Its so important that it was removed during the war and stored for safekeeping. They were walking on what was obviously a pathway, snow covered now.. no sign of anyone having passed since the snowfall, the gravestones standing like dark, lonely sentinels against the bright snow.
They stopped in front of a white marble headstone.
Judith Allyson McLelland-Mudd 1950-1980. There was a bench, snow covered now, at right angles to the gravesite.
I came and sat on this bench just about every week for years.except for when I was away. Its important to me that you meet her, that you understand she was a major part of my life for a long time. You would have liked each other. In some ways you are alike, in most you are different. After she was killed a part of me died but she never seemed to be far away. She always seemed to be there, looking over my shoulder approving or disapprovingalmost like an alter-conscience. I told her about you quite some time ago. I told her I would bring you to meet her if and when I thought the time was right. The time is right.
I havent felt her presence for some time now. Its as though she feels Im in good, safe hands and can now lie in peace.
It had started to snow lightly, the flakes settling on the shoulders of their jackets the silence only broken by the occasional call of a rook in the oaks. Jennie took his hand and turned to him, tears shining in her eyes.
Thank you, she said, I was waiting for you to bring me here.
He put his arm around her and they stood there, in the snow, gazing at the headstone each lost in their own thoughts.
She looked up at George..tears were streaming down his face.
~ ~ ~

Part 4
*
Chapter 30
Up to London Town
The light snow had persisted all night but they had committed to drive up to London to interview Tony Wei. If they left a little later, giving the road crews time to clear the major highways, it would be nothing the Land Rover couldnt handle.
George was doing the driving with Jennie sitting up front. David and Pauline were sitting in the back, the understanding being that they would drop off Pauline at her home in North London and then continue on up to the safe house.
As predicted the Land Rover took the road conditions in its stride. As they got closer to the city the conditions improved and the skies started to clear. Due to Pauline being in the car it was impossible for them to enter into anything other than small talk. They dropped her off in Edgeware only about a twenty minute drive from their destination in Barnet. It was agreed that David would lead the interview with Jennie jumping in when she felt it appropriate. George would act as an observer although he was the only one who had actually met Wei previously.
Driving up the High Road towards Barnet George turned the radio off. You know no one has convinced me that there is a connection between the raid on Tern Hill and the killings of Peter and Harry. That doesnt mean to say there isnt one but we cant lose sight of OHara getting killed whilst all our main players were under observation. Weve obviously either missed something or someone or there is no connection whatsoever which, I would agree, would be a hell of a coincidence.
I dont want you folk to lose sight of the fact that all three killed were part of an old group of mine, admittedly twenty years ago but it certainly is strange. I need to let you know that, starting this weekend, Ive brought in four minders to keep an eye on the estate. Theyll be staying with the Iredales and will be there until this mess is cleared up. Dont worry..theyll be working within the law and staying within the confines of the property.
Robbie feels the same way about this as I do and hell be staying on a few extra days before going back to Brunei. Jennie turned towards him her arm over the back of the seat.
You worried there might be more George?
The fact is, Jen, we really dont know whats going on. Three people are dead, two killed by a poison that originates in Borneo although it could be reproduced anywhere if you had the correct ingredients. At this stage of the game Id much rather be safe than sorry. I also think we should be warning both Dickie Mason and Colonel Gurney of what has been happening although Im sure they already know. I would doubt though that theyve considered themselves at risk. Of course I could also be totally wrong and I hope I am.
On Davids instructions George turned down Friern Barnet Lane and drove past the North Middlesex Golf Course. He then turned into the driveway of a large detached house set back from the road.
Nice home, said Jennie, as they got out of the car stretching.
Yeswe keep them until we think they might have been compromised then we sell them on the open market and buy another one, answered David. There are certain criteria but thats what makes them attractive on the market. Im told we usually make a bob or two on the sale, he said laughing while ringing the bell.
Who is it please? a pleasant female voice from the intercom speaker to the side of the door.
Major Rowden, Detective Sergeant Plowright and Sergeant Mudd, answered David.
Step back from the door please, the metallic voice from the speaker, after a few seconds the door clicked open on an electric lock and they stepped into the entrance hallway. The door silently closed behind them and self locked with an audible set of clicks. Facing them across the hallway a matronly, middle aged woman, hair in a bun, sat behind a desk her hands conspicuously out of sight. May I see your identification please? she asked politely, put them on the desk in front of me. After inspecting the identity cards, Georges having been provided by David, she pushed a bell push on the desk summoning a guard who entered from a door off to the side.
Two of you are armed, she said smiling, Jennie looked shocked. Technologys a wonderful thing, said the matron. Please leave your weapons with Robert here..you can retrieve them when you leave.
Jennie looked angrily at George who shrugged his shoulders.
Ill leave it in the safe as soon as my itchy feeling disappears.
I knew about it, said David, and I agree with Georgeits all too weird just now. Robert, the guard, led them to an oak door and ushered them into what must have been the drawing room originally. The room was comfortably furnished although looking a little worn, the heavy drapes drawn even in the daytime. The door closed behind them.
Tony Wei, sitting calmly in an armchair, did not rise or even move as they came into the room. He sat impassively waiting for them to speak. His eyebrows went up in surprise as he saw George but quickly reverted to his look of apparent boredom. David introduced the three of them.
I already have had the pleasure of meeting George, he said, hes a good golfer as I recollect.
Sergeant Mudd to you Wei, said George walking over to a chair against the wall and sitting down. David and Jennie sat down in arm chairs facing the Asian. Jennie appraised the man. He was outwardly calm, hed shaved that morning and looked clean and well turned out. He was wearing a beige jumpsuit and slip ons.no belts or laces.all obviously government issue.
You being looked after? asked David. Tony smiled benignly.
Other than being cut off so to speak, no radio, television or newspapers and the fact that the food is atrocious Im being looked after..beats a cell I suppose.
Well dont get used to the idea, said David, it wont last too long. Tony.if thats your real name which I doubt very muchlets look at where were at exactly. Im not sure exactly where to start as there is so much. Suffice it to say we have enough to put you away for several lifetimes. It goes from second degree murder, you being involved in the acquisition of the guns from Tern Hill, through the smuggling of illegal immigrants, several of which will be proven to be associated with known terrorist groups, to your association with the Chinese. With all that youll be lucky to see the light of day again in this lifetime.
Tony sat there seemingly unperturbed understanding immediately that he must have been under surveillance for a considerable period of time.
So what exactly is Georges.excuse me.Sergeant Mudds involvement in this? he asked. Jennie jumped in.
Our interest is the murders of Harry Downer and Peter Brenner.
Never heard of them, Tony quickly responded.
Bullshit, George from the corner of the room. You played golf with Harry and I and soon after, Harry was killed on the golf course. You drove up North to see Avi in Leeds. While you were there you played golf again, at Moor Allerton, and soon after the assistant pro there, Peter Brenner, was killed..again on the golf course.
Of course I admit to playing golf on both courses but I had nothing to do with your killings. Why would I deny it anywayyou say you have enough to lock me up for several lifetimes anyway? said Tony smirking.
Its not our intention to lock you up, said David, that would be too easy. Wed be better to simply hand you over to the Chinese. Well be expelling a couple of their so called Trade people anyway so you can go with them. I would think that your life expectancy would be pretty short under those conditions and they would make things pretty uncomfortable for you in the meantime after we leaked to them that you had been sharing information with us.
Im a British Citizen, said Tony, you cant do that.
Can the rhetoric, said David impatiently, were dealing with you under the Terrorist Act, frankly you could just disappear and no one would give a shit.
Maybe we should just deport him back to Viet Nam, after all he entered the country as a refugee from there with a Vietnamese passport, said George so quietly he was hardly heard. With that he stood up, opened the door and walked out into the lobby closing the door behind him. David and Jennie looked at each other questioningly and continued with the polite interrogation.
After a few minutes George returned, I borrowed a camera, he said happily, its one of those new digital things that doesnt use film. Gotta get one.its terrific.
He walked over to where they were sitting. Tony stand up and place your hands flat on the table, he ordered. With that he took several close up photos of the backs of Tonys hands, the flash startling them, automatically illuminating the room. After Tony had sat down George fiddled around with the back of the little camera. Look at this, he said bloody amazing.gotta get one.
He showed them the little screen at the back of the camera. See those are the pics I just took..no film.
He held up the camera so they could see. He slowly forwarded each exposure so they could see them allso they could see the tattoos on the backs of Tony Weis fingers..faded with time.but still easily discernible with the help of the flash.
He looked at Tony. I knew you werent Vietnamese the first time I met you, youre Indonesian or Malayyoure from Sarawak..or Borneo!
~ ~ ~

Chapter 31
Somebody hit me.
The barn was a warm, friendly place the air redolent with the smell of hay and horses. Terry had just brought them in for the night and were happily chomping on their evening feed.
Terry, George, Robbie and Jimmy ORourke sat, in the beat up old arm chairs in the tack room drinking, beers in hand, surrounded by bridles, halters and saddles; the smell of saddle soap and liniment strong in the air.
Everything OK Jimmy? asked George.
Everythings on line now, replied ORourke, Ive a rotating watch system in placetwo on two off. The guys seem to be settled in at Terrys. I could do with another guy, George, as I cant keep a continuous eye on Jennie on my own. Other than that everything is fine.
Go ahead and bring someone else in, said George, makes sense when shes in Hereford and not here. Shell be in Hereford all this week as will David.lot easier when shes here! Robbie what are your plans?
Robbie stretched his long legs and took a pull of his beer.
I think I should stay here until next week.see the New Year in here. We have some business to discuss have to make some decisions concerning the active patrols I was telling you about.
Fine with me Rob, said George. I have another question for you though, with that he told them about the interview in Barnet with Tony Wei and specifically about the tattoos on the backs of his fingers. What is really strange is that they are similar to the tattoos on Gema and Wendy..would be helpful if we knew the significance.
I could speak to Paan if you like, said Robbie laughing, we just managed to convince him that the phone is not some sort of evil spirit.
Thats a great idea but I would prefer if you dont mention anything about either Gema or Wendy to him. You know better than me that he seems to have some sort of relationship with them. Right now the less anyone knows the better..even if he is in Brunei.
*
Dickie was restless, he paced from room to room aimlessly, unable to settle. He knew he was depressed and knew that a symptom of the medication he was taking was restlessness..that and a reduction in libido although he hadnt had the opportunity to put that to the test for quite some time. He still dwelled on the Christmas dinner at Georges couldnt get out of his mind the sight of his daughter striding by him to say hello to Robbie McElroyignoring himcouldnt believe that, all the time they were there, neither Gema or Wendy said so much as a word to him.
He sat on the window seat gazing across the yard at the barn and Gemas flat. The Jag wasnt there, in fact he hadnt seen her or Wendy for a few days now. Nobody ever came to visit, except Mrs. Trenholme of course, but he couldnt exactly talk to her come to think of it who did he have to talk to? No one reallycertainly not his old army buddies. His world seemed to be shrinking to the confines of the house. He was scheduled to be going into work but hadnt bothered. He needed a shave and a shower but couldnt be bothered. He didnt seem to have any energy..everything was a struggle, there didnt seem to be much of a point to anything anymore.
He found himself in his bedroom looking into his full length dressing mirror. He frowned at the man looking back at him. He was developing more of a paunch and he was definitely getting a little thin on top. His pale blue eyes seemed tired.he looked and felt beaten..he needed a shave. He remembered that day on the beach with Gema so many years ago. He remembered her pulling his head down into her neck and teaching him to breath in her spirit.he remembered, later, teaching her to kiss. His eyes filled with tears and he turned away.
Without thinking he opened his closet. How come it was so neat and tidy? He didnt remember doing that, must be Mrs. Trenholme.
Boots and shoes, shined, neatly lined up on the floor, suits and jackets hanging on the rail, shirts and sweaters properly folded, in their pigeon holes. He took down a suit bag, laid it on the bed and unzipped it. Inside the bag his dress blues, the dress uniform of the Parachute Regiment. He slowly dressed in front of the mirror. The dark blue pants with the wide red stripe were snug, even tight, the tunic tight around the middle but alright if he sucked in his gut. The Staybright insignia, the wings on the high collar, the jacket buttons were still bright although he hadnt had the uniform out in over a year. The two rows of theatre ribbons looked colorful against the dark blue background.
He rummaged around on a shelf in the closet until he found the maroon beret so proudly earned and worn by the Paras. He squared it away and looked at himself in the mirror. Momentarily the figure looking back at him was twenty years younger, twenty pounds lighter, well suntanned with a confident look in the twinkling blue eyes. Quickly the image faded to be replaced with nothing to be liked. Pasty faced, overweight, round shouldered, tired looking in an all too tight uniform that looked as though it had been rented rather than custom tailored at Hobsons Military Tailors in London.
He took a chair from the bedside and, standing on it, reached into the back of the top shelf in the closet. Finding the small suitcase he was looking for he placed it on the bed and opened it. Inside a jumble of old photographs, nearly all from his years spent in the army, many from the Paras but also many from 22 SAS in Borneo. He found photos of Gema and himself taken in and around Kuching. He found copies of the photos taken at Long Alat showing the team, the bodies and the grave with Harry and Peter.
Beneath the photos a cardboard box, an old shoe box. He lifted it out, it was heavy. Removing the lid he opened up the oily package to reveal the Browning High Power issued to him so many years before. Some of the bluing was worn where it had rubbed for years in the holster. It gleamed dully under its sheen of gun oil. He worked the sliderit still operated with a satisfying click. Taking the empty magazine and a box of 9 mill hollow points he went back down to the study and thoughtfully poured himself a drink.
*
Deep in Terry Iredales subconscious there was this incessant beeping. It sounded like a microwave at the end of its cycleno perhaps a mobile that needs re-charging.the alarm clock? No that was more of a jangle. Slowly he clawed his way out of the deep sleep. Margaret lay asleep by his side, gently snoring. Whatever it was it hadnt woken her up. It was driving him crazy, slightly muffled, high pitched and incessantdemanding.
He jerked awake, leapt out of bed. The proximity alarmsthe heat sensors in the woods! He ran downstairs and into the estate office. They had installed a series of sensors in the woods surrounding the property. They were numbered, wireless and detected either motion or a heat bloom of anything larger than a small animal. They were sited in such a way that progress could be recorded. Station 4A had been triggered but nothing else, whatever had set if off was stationary. So much for the minders, he thought where the hell are they?
He quickly dressed, put on a white camouflage suit and balaclava. There was no one currently up at the house to call. He checked the system again..there was still no motion. Whatever it was it was still stationary in the woods beyond the paddock to the south of the house. It could be the minders themselves of course. Although they were aware of the system they were still not yet aware of each individual location. He quietly let himself out of the house and started to make his way around the perimeter of the property.
It had snowed again, lying on the ground muffling any sounds he might make. He stopped, motionless, every ten paces or so..listening. He could feel the adrenaline coursing through his body. I might be getting old, he thought but I aint dead yet. He arrived at the beginning of section four and quietly made a right angled turn in the direction of the main house still stopping every few paces and listening. Every now and again the moon peered out from behind the clouds lighting up the stark, bare winter woods. He looked for tracks in the moonlight but realized he would see nothing as it was only 4A that had been tripped. He knew that 4A was located only just in the tree line giving a good view of the south side of the house, the paddocks and study windows.
He slowly moved forward soundless and almost invisible in his camo. Ethereal in the dark the white paddock fencing came into view, he could see the outline of the big house in the distance. He knew he was within range of the sensor. He stopped, crouched down and waited for the moon to come out again, no sound except the rustling of some small night creature and the periodic call of an owl far in the distance. He willed his heart to slow down and waited.
Like the drawing back of a curtain the clouds revealed the moon lighting up the woods in its cold light. Terry inched forward through the snow visually casting to both sides looking for some sort of human sign. He had almost given up, was ready to put the alarm down to some technical glitch when he saw it, an area of snow, close to the fence where someone had been lying. They had been there long enough for their body warmth to begin melting the snow and hadnt been gone too long as there was no fresh snow in the indentation. There were boot prints leading away to the east following the line of the fence. Slowly and quietly he followed the trail away from the house.
The blow took him behind the right ear. He fell face forward in the snow remembering a pair of black, lace up boots below white over pants. He remembered wondering why he hadnt heard anything before the blackness overcame him.
*
George and Jennie were driving over to see Dickie Mason. They had been out the night before in Hereford, a nice meal and a few drinks in the Green Dragon. Rather than drive home to Eaton Bishop George had stayed over at Jennies. He wanted to see Dick to warn him of what his intuition was telling him. Jennie had decided to tag along as she didnt have to get together with Dave Rowden until lunchtime. Pulling into the yard between the house and Gemas flat they were faced with two police cars and an ambulance the red, blue and white flashing lights reflecting off the windows and wet cobble stones of the old yard. Showing her warrant card they went in through the front door.
Mrs. Trenholme was being interviewed in the kitchen by a uniformed officer; she looked up her face tear stained. Thank goodness youre here Sergeant Plowright..Captain Mason shot himself!
They stood in the entrance to the study. The room was being kept empty as the coroner had not yet arrived. They walked in, careful where they were putting their feet and making sure they didnt touch anything. Jennie looked carefully at the scene trying to analyze exactly what had happened. Dick was sitting in his armchair by the cold fire. He was dressed in his dress blues. It looked as though hed had a drink and perhaps spent some time looking at his favorite photo of Gema and Wendy as it was in his lap rather than on the mantelpiece. Hed taken off the maroon beret and left it on the coffee table. Hed placed the muzzle of the Browning in his mouth and literally blown the top of his head off, most of which was on the ceiling. The gun had fallen to his side.
George stood there the memories running through his mind like a fast forwarded film, Malaya, Sarawak, Bradbury Lines, Harry, Peter..even OHara; the shit storm in Kuching when Dick had announced his intention to marry Gema. Hours spent on the golf course. Hours spent in this very room. He looked at all the photos on the walls. He knew almost everyone there.he was in many himself. His thoughts were broken by Jennie.
What a bloody mess, she murmured, cant just assume suicide with what is going on,  have to do a complete investigation. She called the station on Bath St. and explained the situation to David. Due to the relationship with Harry Downer and Peter Brenner she insisted she be made the investigating officer. Send a crime unit over, she instructed, this is to be treated as a crime scene, a murder site until it is ruled out. It certainly looks like a suicide but we cant be sure. She took a last look around and strode purposefully down to the kitchen where Mrs. Trenholme was keeping herself busy by making tea for everyone. When did you last see Mrs. Mason and her daughter? she asked.
They were here together yesterday morning but the car wasnt here this morning and there were no fresh tire tracks in the yard so no one has been around since it started to snow.
The coroners van pulled into the yard followed by the crime scene investigation unit. Jennie went outside to talk them before they entered the house.
I want this site treated as a crime scene. It certainly looks like a suicide but.no assumptions. Doctor..when you get to it I want complete blood work on the deceasedyoure looking for Antiarin and Rhamnose. She saw the doctors eyebrows go up. I know thats a bit weird, she explained, but theres method in my madness believe me. She turned to the crime unit.
Look for a note and dust the whole place, its a crime scene until I say different. Now where the hell are Gema and Wendy Mason?
The pub was a warm, cozy place the flickering flames of the fire winking off the horse brasses on the walls. Jennie sat in the nook with George and Dave Rowden. It seemed far away from the harsh realities of her job. She struggled to get the sight of Dick Mason out of her mind. How desperate do you have to be to take your own life? How empty must the future look? How alone must you feel?
We have the autopsy results on OHara, David interrupted her thoughts, he didnt drown although there was a little water in his lungs. He died from a heart failure brought on by a savage blow to the chest, he was dying when he entered the water. He had massive bruising on and in his chest.
Any sign of Gema or Wendy yet? asked Jennie.
Nothing yet but the Commander is on the job..we should hear something soon.
Im heading home tonight, said George, I need to talk to Robbiesome business stuff andhe was going to talk to Paan about those tattoos. You coming with me Jen or are you staying in Hereford?
I should stay here for a while George, she replied, need to get to the bottom of this Mason thing and we need to talk to Gema and Wendy once we find them.
It had started to snow again blowing in from the west. The Land Rovers wipers clacked rhythmically..he slid the transmission into four wheeled drive as the snow built on the road. Luckily it wasnt too far to Eaton Bishop. He was looking forward to putting his feet up and spending time with his dogs. He was trying to figure out how the hell he had gotten involved in this crap when his mobile rang urgently.
Whereve you been George? Robbie asked, weve been trying to find you for a while.
I had my phone off for a while Rob.whats up?
Terry was attacked in the woods. He was outside for quite a while before we found him. I have him in the house but hes a bit hypothermic, hes going to be OK though. Nasty bruise on the side of his head but hes a tough old bastard. He seems more pissed that somebody was able to jump him rather than worrying about his head.
Im on my way home now, said George, get hold of ORourkeget him over to the house quick time. I should be there in about fifteen minutes..its snowing pretty hard just now. The gates were closed when he arrived, he got out of the Land Rover and made to open them.
Stop right where you are, a soft Irish brogue from the dark, a flashlight right in his face blinding him.
Sergeant Majordidnt know if it was you or not, cant be too careful.  Its Rafferty..remember me? I was in B troop in the Regiment. He stepped out of the dark, into the light cast by the cars headlights, dressed in full winter camo, MP5 slung across his chest.
Better be careful with that thing, said George smiling nodding at the weapon, someone might get their nose out of joint seeing something like that out in rural Herefordshire, Terry OK?
He seems fine, replied Rafferty, band aid and a couple of drinks did the trick, having a hell of a job getting him to stay in bed for a while. Old bugger thinks hes still thirty five.
The dogs nearly knocked him over when he opened the door, Robbie was waiting for him in the study. George walked straight down the corridor to the guest rooms. Terry was sitting up in bed looking no worse for wear other than the band aid over his ear. He glared at George as he walked in.
Some bastard jumped me in the woods down by the paddock..never heard a bloody thing. He had some sort of OP right in the tree line, must have been there for a while. He went on to explain the circumstances, George listening patiently thanking all the powers that another of his friends hadnt died.
OKyou stay where you are at least until tomorrow. Well bring Margaret into the house for a while. The boys are on the ball. Rafferty scared the shit out of me at the gate, Robbie I want to talk to you. They settled in the study the dogs content in front of the fire, George happy to be back in his familiar surroundings.
I spoke to Paan, said Robbie, took me all my time not to burst out laughing, little bugger still hasnt figured out the phone, cant get it into his head that Im here in England and hes in Brunei.anyway heres how it is.
The tattoos are peculiar to most of the indigenous tribes in Borneo and mean different things. They are applied at different stages of their lives and are a status symbol. The Kayan tattoo the fingers before they are ten years old and the girls add to them before they marry, over the wrists and up the arms as they achieve status. What is distinct about the Kayan is that the finger tattoos identify not only the clan to which they belong but also the family. George sat there gazing into the fire.
Not sure what it all means but thanks anyway, what else is going on?
I spoke to another of my guys who tells me that the arrangements concerning the proposed patrols in the south are not going very well. Apparently the problem is not with the oil company itself but more with the Sultan. Hes not happy with the notion of us taking on almost a military task but he admits he doesnt have the resources to do it himself. You might have to get involved yourself.youve played golf with him after allmaybe you can convince him. He doesnt seem to be concerned about the cost of it mind you he never is. I think hes more worried about the optics of it.
George stood up and poured them both a drink.
Ive got some bad news for you Robbie, he said quietly, Dick Mason shot himselflooks that way anyway. Jennies taken over the investigation because of his links to the other guys. Robbie just sat there shaking his head.
What the hell is going on here, he said thickly.
Ive no fucking idea, said George, what I do know is that it's getting out of hand. Its time to get proactive but I dont know how without getting afoul of the law. Really dont even know where to start. Cant just hold a defensive position for ever.more people could get hurt.and we dont know whyor who. We know zip!
~ ~ ~

Chapter 32
Rattle a cage
It was over a week before the autopsy results on Dick Mason were made available to the team. The conclusion was definitely suicide, no note had been found. Jennies investigation had turned up that he had been clinically depressed for quite some time and had been trying out different medications. The body still had not been released to the familywhich begged another question.where was the family? still no sign of either Gema or Wendy. Considering the circumstances, the decision was made to keep the findings under wraps for the time being.
Winter had now set in with a vengeance, unusual for Herefordshire. Snow lay heavy on the higher ground and it was colder than it had been for years. The old timers said it reminded them of the winter of forty seven.
Jennie was still seconded to Dave Rowdens team, spending the week days working out of the Bath St. station but her weekends with George in Eaton Bishop.
The old house had become a home away from home for her. She had gotten used to the guards, in their white camo, that George insisted stay around until some sort of conclusion was arrived at. Terry had healed and was his old self. He and Margaret had moved back into the Lodge down by the estate entrance. Robbie was making rumblings about returning to Brunei.
George seemed to be more introspective, spent hours in the museum cataloguing his collection and running the business from the home office.
Conference call, said David walking into the office, Commander wants to talk to us.he has some news I think.
They sat huddled over the speakerphone.
Wendy Mason has left the country, said the disembodied voice, took us a while to get the info. She bought a one way ticket to Bandar via Kuala Lumpur or rather her mother did in her name, shell be there by now.
Thats a turn up for the book, said David, whats with the one way ticket? Either shes no intention of coming back or she doesnt know when.
Any sign of Gema? asked Jennie.
Not yet Jennie, she seems to have disappeared. Jennie and David sat there looking at each other, the Commander had hung up with the promise to keep them updated.
Time to rattle some cages, said Jennie, Im going to go see Mrs. Trenholme. She knows more than shes letting on.
Arriving at the Masons she was surprised to see both a For Sale sign outside the property and the green Jag parked in the yard. She knocked on the door of the main house. When the door was not answered she walked across the yard to the old barn, climbed the steps and knocked on the door to the flat, Gema came to the door.
I assume this is not a social call, said Gema, so how can I help you Sergeant?
First thing you can do is invite me in, said Jennie, its damned cold out here.
Id rather you didnt come into the flat, said Gema aloofly. Jennie had had just about enough of this woman her patience was running a little thin.
Let me tell you how it is Mrs. Mason. Concerning the death of your husband nothing has, as of now, been concluded therefore this entire property is a crime scene. Either you let me in right now or I will come back with a warrant that will allow us to search the entire property. I will also do my best to see that you are charged with obstruction of justice in which case your passport will be seized amongst other things, the choice is yours.
Sitting in the living room she looked around startled by what she saw.
Wheres Wendy? she asked conversationally.
Im not sure that I know Sergeant.shes a grown woman and has her own life, she certainly doesnt check in with me all the time. Jennie looked around the large room.
Strange living room,  looks more like a gym, she said, I understand youre into martial arts Mrs. Mason? before Gema could answer she continued, let me help you out a bit. Wendy is in Brunei, Bandar to be accurate. She flew out three days ago via Kuala Lumpur. The ticket was bought by you. She stood up to leave, Im really getting quite bored with your evasiveness, it would be better if we continued this discussion down at the station.
Are you arresting me? asked Gema incredulously.
Nonothing of the sort, why would I do that? Youre just helping us with our enquiries. When would be convenient for you, hows tomorrow morning first thing? She smiled, walked out of the flat and headed back to Bath St. feeling satisfied.
I was in her flat..it looks just like the bloody photos you showed me of Longhouses in Borneo. Shed immediately called George on getting back to the office and was almost shouting. Its bloody freaky..theres even a sort of shrine thing at one endtheres a bloody skull on it for Christs sake! Ive asked her to come into the office in the morning Id like you to be there if you have the timeoh and, by the way, bring that nifty little camera of yours.
He agreed to be in Hereford the following day and, after saying goodbye and hanging up, immediately dialed another number.
Where are you Jimmy? he asked.
On Bath St. keeping an eye on Jennie..shes in the cop shop just now.
Yea I know, said George, I was just talking to her. For the time being I want you take the surveillance off Jennie and keep an eye on Gema Masonyou know where she lives. Make sure its 24/7 she seems to be a bit slippery..stay in touch and keep me in the loop.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 33
A Brunei Summer
As she stepped out of the plane onto the top of the steps down to the ground, the engines still winding down, the oppressive heat hit her like the open door of a sauna. It seemed hotter than her last visit even though that had only been a few weeks ago. Now it was the rainy season. Her dress immediately clung to her body, she thought it had been hot in Kuala Lumpur but here, in Bandar, right on the South China Sea and open to the North Eastern monsoons the humidity had to be an hundred percent.
The stair rail was hot to the touch as she stepped down and onto the tarmac at Bruneis main airport. She breathed a sigh of satisfaction. It wasnt Sarawak but it was close enough for the time being even with the stink of kerosene from the planes engines, now cooling.
As she stood by the carousel waiting for her bag her startling blue eyes took in her surroundings. She towered over most everyone else, after all she was almost six feet in her stockings, now with her heels, she seemed like a giant. Her hair was short but auburn not black like her mothers. The sun was already breaking out her freckles although the sweat was drying on her in the air conditioning of arrivals.
The air was full of lively chatter mostly in Malay..some in English. Airport Arrivals always seems to be such a happy place she thought. Her one bag arrived and, without bothering with a cart, she hefted it and headed over to customs. Showing her British Passport and with nothing to declare she made her way to the taxi rank.
Radisson Brunei please, she said as she settled into the back seat. It was still not yet lunchtime as the flight from Malaya had not taken long. She had time to check in, have a shower, a bite to eat and then head over to Mudd Security to see Robbie McElroy.
After showering and dressed in a simple khaki cotton dress she called the security firm from her room. The phone was answered by a woman with a Scottish burr to her voice.
Mudd Security, how may I help you?
Robbie McElroy please.
Im so sorry but Mr. McElroy is out of the country just now. We dont expect him back for another week or so.
This is Wendy Mason, I actually have an appointment to see him this afternoon. I arranged it with him in England.
Im sorry Miss Mason. He was originally scheduled to be back by now but he got held up. I apologize, is there anything I can do to help you?
Im not sure. I have no other reason to be here in Brunei other than to see him. Is there anyone there who knows where Paan lives now?
*
They are called Proboscis Monkeys, he said in Malay, this island is famous for them and tourists come from all over.
Pulau Ranggu is an island in the middle of the Brunei River not far upstream from Bandar. McElroy had bought a small farm, if it could be called that, and given it to Paan when he was employed by Mudd Security. Wendy had taken the water taxi up the river, the only way to travel in this particular area and was easily directed to his home.
Your Malay is very good now, he said quietly, almost as good as your mothers but then she has had more practice. They were sitting on the porch of his one bedroom, block house overlooking the muddy waters of the river as it slid by. His wife was in the kitchen preparing the evening meal, his two children hanging onto her skirts and peeping, from time to time, at this tall woman with the red hair that spoke their language and had the tattooed fingers of the Kayan.
You have come back many times Wening. I have often wondered about that after that first time with Gema. You seem quieter now..more at home. He squatted on the veranda, dressed solely in shorts his bare feet splayed out on the rough boards. Most of his body was tattooed in the traditional way of the Penan, that tribe renowned as the most ferocious in the days when head hunting was common.
He ignored the chair that Robbie had given him and gazed at the river seemingly at peace with his lot. His hair was grey now as he was in his mid forties but his eyes were still bright and his body obviously still hard.
I am at home here, she answered in Malay, more at home than in England. After that first trip into the Orang Ulu with you and my mother I came to see that Kalimantan is part of my heritage, that being Kayan was more important to me than being English. My mother understands this. Now I speak Malay and Butak the language of the Kayan. I follow, with my mother, our old traditions and pray to Semangatan. We see very little of my father and I am sad to say we live apart.
That is a sad thing, he said quietly, family traditions and family honor are the backbone of life for both the Panan and the Kayan. I never met your father although I have heard of him of course. As you know I spent several years with Sergeant George, Downer, Brenner and, of course, Robbie McElroy. I guided them, I taught them to be patient, taught them to be quiet, taught them how to survive in my land.
When Mr. Robbie came to Brunei he offered me a job as scout and guide. He got me an Indonesian passport and brought me to Brunei..to this farm. Now I have a wife, two children and a home. I am content. I have been on a plane. I have been in a helicopter.
She looked at this rock of a little man. She was almost a foot taller than he but he exuded an inner strength, a calm, a faith in his heritage, he knew who he was!
Your hands are hard and you are not fat, he said his bright, black eyes looking at her quizzically, have you kept up with your Silat?
Yes, she replied, more than that. I am Guru Muda as is my mother. I attend the dojo three times a week and enter into combat. I practice with my mother when I am at her home. It is my heritage as it is my mothers and all our forbears.
Heading downstream, back to Bandar, in the heavy river traffic, the waning sun hot on her back, she reflected on the fact that she had not told Paan about Harry Downer or Peter Brenner.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 34
The Interview
March in England is not the greatest of months no matter where you are and Hereford is no exception. The weather still comes rolling in from the grey Atlantic and over the Welsh Hills. The countryside has not yet woken up to the fact that, in a few short weeks, it will be a riot of color as the daffodils, crocus and bluebells welcome another spring.
Gema reflected on this as she walked up Bath Street in the direction of the police station. She envied Wendy being in Sarawak or wherever she was. It was summer there.hot and humid. Here she was dodging puddles and the spray from passing vehicles. Everything seemed to be grey.grey weather, grey buildings, grey people even her mood was grey. What could the police possibly want with her?
Her appointment was with Jen Plowright and David Rowden. She remembered meeting them both at George Mudds Christmas Dinner party and of course Plowright had been around at the house the previous day. Now she wished shed paid a little more attention to them at Georges. Forewarned is to be forearmed.
She climbed the steps up into the police station happy to be out of the weather but the interior did nothing to brighten her spirits, a typical old fashioned station house badly in need of a coat of paint with an odor hard to define but not particularly pleasant.
She was shown into a small conference room that had seen better days and still stank of stale cigarette smoke although most certainly the building had been a no smoking area for several years. The floor was covered in indiscriminate green linoleum long out of style and well worn by a multitude of feet. One of the fluorescents needed a new ballast and flickered annoyingly.
A tall man in a hacking jacket and cavalry twills stood gazing out of the window his back to her as she entered the room. He turned around.
Bloody depressing place isnt it Gema? he said smiling.
George what the bloody hell are you doing here? she asked, for that matter what am I doing here too?
Thought you might like a friendly face, he said laughingly. Seriously though I`m actually a consultant or observer as I`m sure someone is going to explain. Nothing to be afraid of just be sure not to drink the coffee..it`s disgusting.
After a few minutes David and Jennie entered the room and invited Gema and George to sit down.
Before we start, said David, I just want you to know how sorry we all are concerning Dickie. Although I personally didn`t know him other than meeting him at Christmas I know that George has known him for a long time as have you Gema if I might call you that. I think at this time, in order to clear the air and put things into perspective so to speak we should properly introduce ourselves.
My name really is David Rowden but I`m a Major in the 1st Parachute Regiment and attached to the Anti-terrorist Task Force. Sergeant Plowright you already know and she also is temporarily attached to the same task force but with specific responsibility for the investigation of the deaths of Peter Brenner, Harry Downer, Sergeant O`Hara of the Irish Regiment and your husband.
George you obviously already know but he is also attached to the same task force as a consultant. I`m sure you will understand that he has a lot to bring to the table. Having said that do you have any questions for us Gema before we proceed, perhaps youd like a coffee or a soft drink?
I dont want anything to drink thank you, she replied coolly, what I dont understand is what all this has to do with me and why Im here?
Let me set your mind at rest Gema, said George from the window, you are not a suspect in any of this but you might well be able to help us.
George is quite right, interrupted David, lets try and put things into perspective and then Im sure youll understand why we feel we have to ask you some questions. In our line of work it is hard to accept coincidences on face value. Im not saying they dont occur because they do but only after intense investigation to ensure there is no link or connection are they accepted.
For the time being we will exclude the death of your husband as cause of death is still in the hands of the coroner. I apologize for sounding so callous but I have little option.
Brenner, Downer and OHara are all dead. All three were murdered under unusual circumstances which we are unable to divulge to you. What we can tell you is that all three were in the same military troup in the sixties in Sarawak and all three were known to you. To me that is beyond being coincidental. You are one of the common denominators, one of the links so hopefully you can help us. Gema sat at the table staring at Georges back as he watched the rain running down the window.
George Ive known you for over twenty years do you really think I have anything to do with this? The idea is quite preposterous, please say something.
Gema, as I said before, you are not a suspect in this but you are a link and you might well have useful information for us that possibly you dont even know you have. We would be better off if we simply asked you some straight forward questions and allowed you to answer them in your own way. Gema stood, gathered her coat, bag and gloves.
I will have no part in this, Im leaving now. If you wish to speak to me in the future please speak to my solicitor. I will leave you his name and number. Jennie stood up and took up a position in front of the door.
Mrs. Mason I warned you yesterday about being evasive now Im warning you about your lack of cooperation and how that might be viewed. She looked at David who nodded his agreement.
Sergeant Plowright is quite right Gema. If you force me to it I shall invoke the Terrorist Act which allows me to hold you for an extended period of time without warrant or charge. I would much prefer not to have to do that.
Please Gema....sit down and answer the questions, nobody is here to hurt you, cut in George, like you said weve known each other for a long time. Gema sat down.
Ask your questions then.
David, opening a leather bound note pad.
What was your relationship with Brenner, Downer and OHara?
I never had a relationship as you put it. I vaguely knew them in Sarawak as they were part of an SAS Team to which I was interpreter. As I remember it OHara used to get me tea. Brenner and Downer were part of a fire team. I have hardly seen them since other than the occasions they got together to play golf with Dickie, who was their old CO and George of course. I saw all three recently at the reunion and saw both Brenner and OHara at Downers funeral.
Do you know a Frank Jennings? asked David.
Jennings was also in Sarawak. He was very friendly with OHara as I remember. I havent seen him since.
He was at the funeral, said George.
I didnt see him, not sure Id recognize him anyway, she replied.
Wheres Wendy? asked George from the window.
As I told Sergeant Plowright yesterday Im not really sure. She went to Brunei....Bandar to be specific but I havent heard from her so she could be anywhere. Shell be going up to Cambridge in September to read Asian Studies. To prepare for this she is spending as much of her gap year as possible in Indonesia studying the culture.
What was your relationship like with your husband? asked David.
I dont understand the relevance of that question, she retorted.
We cant lose sight of the fact that he was also in Sarawak at the same time as the others so there is some relevance, said Jennie.
I think its common knowledge in this room that we were estranged. We hadnt lived together as man and wife for a long time. He had a hard time with his retirement and was severely depressed. He was on medication as Im sure youll find out.
Do you know Tony Wei? asked David.
Never heard of him, who is he?
Its of little importance Gema.....bit of a shot in the dark.
George walked over from the window and sat down.
The rain has stopped at least, he said to no one in particular. Gema those little tattoos on the backs of your fingers have always fascinated me obviously they have some sort of significance.
George you know my background, Im a full blood Kayan from Kalimantan. These finger tattoos are called Tedek and are applied when we are young, to male and female alike. They are added to as life progresses, as achievements are made. Many men would be covered from head to toe particularly in the old days. They vary from tribe to tribe, clan to clan and family to family.
David stood up and stretched his back.
The coroner still has not made a determination concerning Dickies death Gema. Under the circumstances we have no option but to treat the house and associated buildings as a crime scene. We will be putting a forensic team in there immediately. In fact theyll be there by the time you get home. Sorry for the inconvenience as theyll be looking in every nook and cranny. I have to advise you not to touch or remove anything until you are advised that it is clear to do so. Do you have anywhere else to stay for a short time?
She thought for a moment. I could stay at Wendys flat in London for a few days. Do me good to get away from here for a while anyway.
I dont have a problem with that. Leave the address and phone number with Sergeant Plowright just in case we need to get in touch with you.
When she left the station it had, in fact, stopped raining but a chill wind was blowing up Bath St., George had offered to give her a ride home but she preferred to walk; so many questions, the past rearing its ugly head, memories coming back in waves. Her parents, life in the Orang Ulu.......the jungles of what used to be Borneo, the years spent in Kuching with the missionaries, Dickie her husband lying on a slab in the morgue. The one bright ray of light, her boundless love and pride for her daughter Wening named after her grandmother.
She strode back past the cathedral. She had nothing to fear and she would enjoy a few days in London...chance to do a little shopping.....perhaps start looking for a tenant for the flat when Wendy was up at Cambridge.
Jimmy O`Rourke dropped back another hundred yards or so. She was in easy sight now and seemed to be heading home. He looked forward to changing shifts with Rafferty. He was cold, wet and bored and looking forward to a Guinness in front of the fire in the pub.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 35
The Photo
God I hate that police station its so bloody depressing, said Jen putting down her pint.
Its a wonder you can get anyone to say anything in there, said George, its so damned Dickensian. I heard, on the local grapevine, that it will be shut down eventually and a new station will be built over the river. Ledbury is really too far away to service Hereford.
Well she didnt have too much to say thats for sure, interjected David, a very cool customer.
Dont underestimate her for one moment, said George, remember Ive known her on and off for over half her life. Shes very bright, speaks five languages fluently and is as hard as nails. I wouldnt like to take her on! In Indonesia theres a form of martial arts called Silat which originated with the tribes in the interior. Downer was into it a little and took some basic training whilst he was in Sarawak back in the sixties. Apparently its very old, originated in the fifth or sixth century. Its derived from the hunting styles of animals in the jungle and is common in families that have inherited cultural traditions. Its not limited to physical offense and defense but really focuses on the spiritual which makes practitioners even more dangerous. Like I said I really wouldnt like to take her on.
Jen took another pull on her pint. When I spoke to Robbie McElroy about her he said she was an enigma, a throwback to the past, literally a product of the jungle from a way of life that most of us could not possibly begin to even comprehend yet living in a modern society. Her life must be one of constant push and pull.
Its all well and good, said David, but where the hell do we go from here? she didnt tell us anything we dont already know, any ideas anyone?
George gazed into the fire the single malt warming his stomach.
We cant ignore the fact that four people are dead therefore we have to assume a defensive posture for the time being. We should include Jennings, even though hes in jail,  myself, Colonel Gurney and Robbie McElroy. I think for the time being Ill keep Robbie in England. Brunei can wait for the time being.
His phone vibrated in his pocket. He spoke for a few minutes, I have eyes on Gema just now,  that was Jimmy ORourke. She went straight home...walked all the way. Your forensic van was at the house so theyll be starting now. Rafferty is keeping an eye on the place for a while, Jimmy was whining about being cold, wet and thirsty. For now Gema is the only common denominator we have, other than the people that might be still threatened which includes yours truly.
David stood up, well back to the grind, we need to rattle her cage somehow. Jen, I think you should head over to the Masons perhaps take someone with you. Let the forensics people do their thing but you have a really good snoop around starting with the flat over the barn. The techies will be focused on the house for now so you won`t be in each others way, I`m going to talk to the Commander about getting some formal surveillance going, you don`t suppose she might have anything to do with the Chinese do you?
George drove back to Eaton Bishop on his own, Jen had taken her own vehicle over to the Masons to conduct the search whilst the forensic team was on the property. A couple of uniforms were meeting her there to give her a hand. David was going to speak to the Commander to both bring him up to speed and suggest some technical surveillance on Gema Mason.
Halfway home he pulled over to the side of the road and rummaged about in his briefcase. He was sure he had it with him. He found it tucked in with all his notes, the print of the photo he had taken of Tony Weis hands. After sitting and thinking for several minutes he turned the Land Rover around and headed back towards Hereford. He was in no hurry and the rain had set in again, if it turned much colder it would snow.
There was no room to park in the Masons cobbled yard. Two forensic trucks, Gemas Jag, Jens car and a Panda police car filled up the space. He parked up on the grass verge outside the gate. He ignored the main house and climbed the wooden stairs to the flat over the garage. A uniformed police woman answered his knock and let him in after asking for Jen and showing his temporary warrant card.
He entered into a tastefully furnished entrance hallway with a distinct oriental feel to it.  Passing through it he came to an open plan, super modern kitchen and breakfast room with large shuttered windows doubtless overlooking the courtyard.
Wheres Sergeant Plowright? he asked the uniform.
Through that door in the main room Sir, she answered. He opened the door and just stood there in amazement.
I told you what it was like George didnt I? said Jen, she was sitting on a cushion at the far end of the room going through the contents of a camphorwood chest of drawers.
I know you did Jen but this is bloody amazing, I had no idea it was like this.
The room was at least fifty feet long and perhaps half of that wide. Looking up, the exposed beams of the original barn roof could be seen in the gloom. They had to be at least twenty feet clear. Two slowly moving fans moved the air.
The floor gleamed, a huge, shiny expanse of polished teak with the odd piece of soft furniture scattered around the perimeter. Two of the walls were solid sheets of glass looking out onto farmland, now veiled in grey rain. On one wall a rack storing a selection of parangs, several small knives, lengths of bamboo, a flute and several drums of different sizes. At the far end, just as Jen had described, a small shrine, a tiny white skull, a small pile of pebbles, a drumstick made of some black wood, a couple of small wooden bowls and a large woven basket.
I had no idea it was like this, its like her own personal dojo, its almost creepy. Certainly not out of place in Indonesia, Ive seen them myself......but in Hereford? where is she anyway? he asked.
In the bedroom George...through there, she nodded towards a closed teak door. Fair warning.....shes spitting bullets about our search .....cant blame her I suppose. I would probably feel the same, why are you here anyway?
I had a bit of a brainstorm on the way home. Dont really know why I didnt think of it back at the station...............better late than never I suppose.
Knocking on the door and not getting any response he pushed open the door and walked into the room. She was sitting on a hard chair staring out of the window at the ever worsening weather.
She looked up, I thought you were my friend George. I was wrong, my world is upside down and I dont know what Ive done.
I am your friend Gema and I dont believe youve actually done anything. What I do believe is that you can help us clear up this mess.  How? I dont know but I do believe that information exists that can send us off in the right direction and then we can all get on with our lives.  She didnt cry, her face remaining expressionless staring out of the window. George could see her reflection as it started to get dark outside. She stood up and turned on a couple of lamps that barely lit the corners of the sparsely furnished room. She sat on the edge of the bed and looked at him, he, in turn, looked at her feeling sad.
I wonder how she feels inside? he thought, shes part jungle animal and part professional interpreter. Shes equally at home in the jungles of Borneo or the drawing rooms of Herefordshire................or is she? Shes probably far more at home in Indonesia than here. The only thing keeping her here in England is the fact that Wendy is going up to Cambridge.  Im sure, if it were not for that, she would live somewhere in the Far East.
He looked carefully at her. She was still a beautiful woman. She had to be forty five but didnt look a day over thirty. Shed cut her hair short and there was just a touch of grey at the temples. Her hands, clasped together in her lap, were hard and calloused out of character with her sensual appeal. Her face was calm but she seemed tense like a coiled spring.
I have something to show you Gem, he said quietly, I dont know what it means, if anything at all, but its something perhaps you can help me with. He took the photo of Tony Weis hands out of his inside pocket and held it out to her.
After the attack on the base at Tern Hill which, as you now know, involved Sergeant OHara we picked up a number of people who are now being held and will be charged under the Terrorist Act. This is just one of the photographs we took of one of the individuals..............actually, as you can see, the backs of his hands.
She took the photo and taking it over to one of the lamps she held it in the light. Looking at it she immediately took the spiritual position of a Guru Muda of the Silat. She focused on her centre and did not allow her feelings or thoughts to manifest themselves physically in any way.
Its hard to say, she whispered, the tattoos are faded and the photo is quite small. I would say they probably belong to someone from the Kalimantan. I couldnt say anymore than that.
Thats what I thought, said George, he insists hes from Viet Nam and actually has a legitimate Vietnamese passport. We think hes some sort of sleeper attached to the Chinese. I told him, to his face, I thought he was Indonesian.
I could probably help you much more George if I could see his hands close up perhaps even speak with him...............Im assuming its a him?
Yes its a him, replied George, Ill make the suggestion to the people running the investigation.
You going to be here long Jen? he asked, walking back into the great room.
A few hours I think George, its going to take a couple of days for us to go through the whole damn place.
You going to stay in town or come out to Eaton Bishop?
Better I stay here, I only have to come back first thing in the morning. Much as I would like to come out there and fool around, she said quietly, smiling at him.
He bent down to the cushion she was squatting on and said very quietly, I managed to seriously rattle her cage I think. Ill tell you about it later. Call me at home. Rafferty is outside keeping an eye on the house and we have a warrant for the GPO to put a tap on the phones here and over in the house. We already have ears on her cell phone.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 36
Brecon Walk
I have a couple of days off, she said, like to do anything particular or just hang out? she asked.
I thought you hadnt finished the search of the Masons yet? he replied.
We havent. The uniforms are still at it but if I dont get a bit of a break soon Im going to go nuts with it all.
He thought for a moment, you ever been to Brecon? Its a spectacular little place and not too much of a drive from here.
Thats in Wales isnt it? she said.
Certainly is.....just over the border, one of the jumping off spots for the Beacons.
I could do with something different. Sounds like a nice change, what do we need?
Just some good walking gear plus warm, layered clothing, the weather can be pretty iffy this time of year.
As they drove into the village in the Land Rover Jen could see that George had been quite right. The village was quite spectacular, totally unspoiled, the castle and church looming in the centre.
The castle and church were built in ten something or other, he said, theres a terrific military museum here run by the Welsh Borderers. They have several of the Victoria Crosses won at Rourkes Drift. The village has a military history which is why I know it so well. Its actually in the Brecon Beacons which is now a National Park but still used by the military for extreme training. Its used by the SAS, the Marines and any other unit that has the balls to try it, he said laughingly, well stay at the Brecon Castle Hotel and maybe take a bit of a walk tomorrow.
Jennie was charmed. The hotel, she found out, was the oldest in Wales and actually built into the walls of the ancient castle. The views were spectacular being on the banks of the river and, in the distance, the menacing Beacons glistening under the late snow, Pen Fan, one of the highest mountains in Wales starkly outlined against the sky. That evening the hotels restaurant and bar lived up to its reputation for the best of local fare and cider that creeps up on you, if youre not too careful.
Later that night curled up in the huge four poster bed, sans tee shirt, Georges muscular body tea spooned against her back she said sleepily So what about tomorrow then? staying as we are seems like a pretty good idea to me, pressing her rear into his body.
We can go for a walk if you like, said George in her ear, but well have to be careful. The weather at this time of year can change in a heartbeat. Well stay in the lowlands. I know a route that is only ten or twelve miles thatll take us through some of the woodlots and by some of the waterfalls. They can be really pretty this time of year. We could be back come late afternoon.
Sounds good to me, she whispered, providing youre not in too much of a hurry to get up in the morning.
You can be a real slut sometimes, he said rolling on top of her.
I know, she said opening her legs to welcome him, thats one of the reasons you love me.
*
Its not so tough in here, she said as they hiked by a roaring waterfall. They had seen no one over the first few miles. The Mountain Visitors Centre was closed for the winter and there would be few casual hikers.
This is the easy part of the Park, he called back to her, the military doesnt come down here. They operate over the tops. Its really tough, maybe the toughest in the world. For the SAS only ten percent actually qualify, the final test is called The Endurance.  Its forty miles with a fifty five pound pack plus water, food and weapon, has to be finished in twenty hours. If you qualify here you then go to the jungle warfare school in Brunei which is where I finished my military service as part of the training cadre. Its a tough go!!
The trail, although easy, was now closing in. To one side the woodlot came right to the edge of the path, the pines seemingly planted quite close together, the bright, winter sunlight barely reaching through to the thick ferns below. Shadows seemed to move in the gentle breeze. To the other side a fairly steep rock escarpment soared upwards of forty or fifty feet. Rivulets of water ran down what looked to be an easy climb even for her.
His voice echoed off the rock face, Robbie loves to come in here and run. Were getting too old to do the higher courses but we can still manage the ten miles or so in here. We try not to come in the summer as theres plenty of hikers in here coming from Brecon.
Her phone vibrated gently in her jacket pocket. Hang on a minute George my phones going, no bloody peace!
Hi its David, where the hell are you?
Im out on the Beacons with George, well be back later today. Whats happening?
I think we have the link.....a connection. One of the uniforms found something tying Gema Mason to Brenner and Downer. Give me a bell when youre back in town. The line went dead.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 37
The Link
They sat in the conference room in the Bath St. station the only saving grace being the Starbucks in front of each of them.
The Commander sat at the head of the table, Jen, David and George down one side.
David why dont you lead us off, said the Commander, then we can go round the table.
David had in front of him an old, legal sized envelope. He held it up for them to see. Written on the front in faded ink were the words Sarawak 1965.
One of the uniforms found this envelope in a desk drawer in the flat over the barn, it looks as though there had been no effort to hide it. He tipped the envelope up and a batch of old color photos, fading with age, spilled out onto the scarred table. Some of these are pretty ugly but pass them around then well go round the table.
George sat quietly, hands clasped lightly in front of him on the table, fighting an awareness that he didnt want to admit.
I dont need to see them, he said tightly, I took some of them!
After they had been around the table David took them all and pinned them on a corkboard on the wall facing the table.
Would you care to fill us in as best you can George, said the Commander.
They are recce photos of a village in Borneo called Long Alat in 1965. We had received a report that a massacre had occurred, probably the Indonesians. Most of the photos were taken from the air as you can see. Based on the photos a reconnaissance team from the 22 SAS was inserted to investigate on the ground, I commanded that team. It comprised of myself, Robbie McElroy, Brenner and Downer. The close up photos on the ground, were taken by myself. Brenner and Downer accompanied me through the village, or what was left of it, while McElroy provided cover from an observation post which is why he is in none of the shots. The spent shells in the photos were 5.56mil and had obviously been left deliberately. In those days all sides tended to police their areas in order to leave no clues. These shells were particularly worrying for us as we were under the impression that the SAS were the only group using the new Armalite...obviously we were wrong. Due to the fact that there were wild boars all over the place we opted to bury the two bodies you can see in the photos, the two covered in tattoos.
The photo of Brenner and Downer standing over their grave was taken by me.
It was concluded later that the village had been singled out in order to stir up political unrest in the area. It was also concluded that the area was so isolated that local knowledge of its very existence had to have been provided and that it could have been attacked with virtual impunity. I remember that the propaganda was disseminated via a newspaper controlled by the Indonesians.
Gema Mason was from that village. Many of the inhabitants would have been her relatives. I can only assume that Dickie kept these photos and Gema found them. It seemed a collective sigh came from the table.
My God, said David, if she saw those photos she could easily come to the conclusion that the 22 SAS was responsible, particularly that one of Brenner and Downer.
The Commander chipped in. George would she have known who comprised the rest of the team?
Absolutely she would Sir, replied George.
Therefore the only thing she doesnt know is who is on the other end of the camera.....George or Robbie, mused Jen, bloody wonderful!
Jen its actually less of a worry now if our conclusions are correct, said George.
Hes quite right you know, Jen, said the Commander, if our assumptions are correct we know who the enemy is. We have eyes on her constantly plus her phones and mobile are monitored.
We immediately should increase surveillance on George here, Robbie McElroy, Colonel Gurney and Jennings, said David.
You dont have to worry about Robbie or myself, said George, my own people are taking care of that. MI5 should keep an eye on the Colonel and Jennings should be put into isolation if you havent already done that. I think we have an opportunity here but we have to take a much broader view. As I sit here looking at these photos there is another common denominator......the tattoos!!
There are tattoos on the bodies in the photos, there are tattoos on Gemas hands and there are tattoos on the hands of Tony Wei. They all look similar to me, must be more than pure coincidence. Anyone have any ideas? I should tell you that I have already shown the photo of Weis hands to Gema. She admitted that she thought they were from Kalimantan but thats as far as she went.
We need to get Gema and Wei in the same room and look for reaction. Everything we have so far is purely either circumstantial or an assumption on our part, said Jen.
The Commander stood up and looked more closely at the photos on the wall. He paced up and down scratching his head.
Do we think she would be capable of this? he asked the group in general.
Absolutely, said George, remember that her background is traditional, that family and clan honor would have been drilled into her by her parents. She is also a Grand Master in Silat a deadly form of martial arts. Go and have a look in her flat if you want some insight into that. Also, dont lose sight of the fact that shed never even seen a white man until she was fifteen or so. She was brought up on stories of tribal battles and clan feuds. She also has some sort of a relationship with an old Border Scout called Paan who Robbie has known for years and is, coincidentally, employed by Mudd International in Borneo, probably where she got a lot of her artifacts.
They sat looking at each other mulling over the startling facts that had just come to light, the photos leering at them off the wall, evidence of an atrocity twenty years old.
I think Jens right, said the Commander, we need to stir things up a bit. Didnt she say she wanted to go up to London? lets accommodate her. Heres what I think we should do. Firstly we dont pick her up, take copies of the photos and replace them immediately where they were found. I dont want her suspicious at all. David I want you to elicit her help with identifying the tattoos so get her into see Wei in Barnet. Ill arrange it with Mrs. Thompson......the lady with the big gun, he said laughingly. George I want you to get Robbie to talk to this Paan fellow and see if hes ever sent her anything, particularly that black poison stuff we saw in your museum and which was found in both Brenner and Downer. Jen you stay in Hereford for now, perhaps start catching up on the paper work. Well get together again here after Davids taken Gema to see Wei and perhaps by then we will have some more information from this old Border Scout in Borneo or Sarawak or whatever they call it.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 38
Jungle phone
George, Jen and Robbie relaxed in the drawing room of the old house. The drapes were drawn, the log fire crackling in the fireplace, dogs stretched out on the mat almost nose to nose one of them twitching as he chased rabbits in his dreams.
Jen lay on the couch, head in Georges lap. Robbie sat by the fire in an ancient but comfortable leather chair, Bowmore in hand.
Hope to God he calls soon, said George, Im getting tired of waiting, Robbie laughed and took another sip of the single malt.
Hes probably still plucking up courage. He really hasnt figured the phone out yet. You should have seen him the first time we took him up in a helicopter. I thought he was going to crap himself. Anyway I left a message with the office to, one way or another, get him on the damn phone.....theyll call soon dont worry. Anyone want another drink? Robbies soft Scottish burr seemed somehow in keeping with the old paneled room, the fire and the dogs.
The jangling of the phone brought everyone upright tipping Jen onto the floor.
You pick it up Robbie.....its probably Bandar.
McElroy, he said into the phone, Hellooo Mrs. McDonald how are things over there? Are you surviving without me? Have you got Paan tied down yet? Good put him on. He smiled and looked at the other two, funny little man he is.
He broke into fluent Malay. George periodically just nodded whilst Jen tried to look interested. They talked back and forth for over fifteen minutes. Robbie then spoke more with Mrs. McDonald and gave her some instructions. He finally hung up the receiver and poured himself another measure of his favorite.
He confirmed that he has periodically sent stuff to Gema.....ostensibly for her museum and that includes small amounts of Antiarin Toxicaria, in fact hes just in the process of putting another package together for her. I told him there was no problem but to just go ahead. He now knows about Brenner, Downer and Dick. Hes really upset thats why I was so long on the phone. He said to say to you that he will pray to Semangatan and look for their spirits. He also said hed just seen Wendy. Apparently she was in to see me not realizing I was still in England. She obviously doesnt know about her father. Shes still in Bandar he thinks. As you heard, in line with the Commanders instructions, I asked Mrs. McDonald to put together an affidavit for us concerning what he had sent to England.....just in case we ever need something like that. So thats that for now, Im for me bed!!
~ ~ ~

Chapter 39
Gema heads East
Gema headed east on the M40 the powerful Jag pulling her towards London. There was no way she was going to stay in Hereford whilst the authorities invaded her privacy by searching both the house and the flat. Shed quickly packed a bag and left.
Wendys apartment on Gloucester Place just behind Selfridges in the West End, although small, was quite adequate for the time being, Wendy being away.
The Bath St. people knew full well where she was going and had no idea of her other place or so she hoped. Why should they? It was a chance she was going to have to take.
She fully expected to eventually receive a call from George concerning the stunning photo he had shown her. Her mind raced at the thought of meeting the person who owned the hands in the old photograph.
Her mind went back to the photo. Hopefully shed given George no indication whatsoever of any sense of recognition although even now she couldnt be sure. The whole idea was farfetched even ludicrous. She couldnt even be sure if the photo was authentic or when it was really taken.
Several cars behind her ORourke keyed his mobile while Rafferty was driving.
Shes heading up the M40 towards London just now, he said to George, do you want us to stay with her all the way?
Thats affirmative, said George, shell be heading towards the daughters flat in the West End, stay with her. It shouldnt be too difficult to keep an eye on her there although I might have to send you some help as that building has both a front entrance onto Gloucester Place and a small garden in the rear giving onto some mews. I dont think shell bolt if she makes you, wheres she going to go anyway? Be prepared for her to move though as eventually shes going to hear from Major Rowden.
Fortunately shed been able to find a parking spot on Gloucester Place which was a stroke of luck although if she was going to be here for a few days shed have to find some 24 hour parking for the Jag.
Unfortunately ORourke had not been so lucky and had had Rafferty drop him off at a spot where he watched her key the front door of what had, at one time, been a fine Georgian Townhouse long converted into a number of tiny flats. Rafferty was circling the block impatiently waiting for a parking spot to open up. Even so theyd have to think of something to allow them to keep the eyes on as long as was required, he keyed the mobile again.
Got a problem here George, shes in the flat but were vulnerable here. Im sticking out like a sore thumb and Rafferty is still driving around looking for somewhere to park. She couldve walked out of the back door for all I know.
OK Jimmy....Major Rowden anticipated this problem. Let me know exactly where you are now. The Major is going to send one of his lads down with a small tracker and receiver. Get the tracker onto the car...under a bumper or in a wheel well or something like that. The receiver has a range of about a mile so get yourselves into a small hotel within range and keep an eye on her that way. Anything happens with Rowden well let you know, its the best we can do.
Gema had unpacked her bag and had eaten when the phone in the flat buzzed its quiet tone, she picked it up.
Major Rowden here, Im following up on your discussion with George Mudd concerning having another look at those tattoos he showed you, thought perhaps we could get together.
Too fast, too fast, she thought. Ive only been here a couple of hours or so. They must be following me.....but why go to the trouble?
Of course anything I can do to help, she answered.
Why dont I pick you up in the morning then? he asked.
I dont think that will work for me Major, she said, Im going to be round and about tomorrow as I have a few errands to run. Why dont I just meet you somewhere.............ideally a Tube station, crazy to try and drive around in London. David thought for a moment,  Georges fellas are keeping an eye on her, shouldnt be a problem.
OK then....Ill pick you up at the Totteridge Lane Tube station...thats up the Northern Line. How about two oclock tomorrow afternoon?
Thatll work well for me, she said, see you then.
She stood in the window thoughtfully thinking about tomorrow and trying to make out the watchers from the passersby down below.
Jimmys mobile rang on the bedside table in the small hotel just around the corner.
Shell be on the move in the morning......on foot....so keep an eye on her.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 40
North London
You were right, shes on the move, Rafferty talked into the mobile, shes on foot, left the car in an overnight parking over on Wardour St. Looks like shes heading for the gym the way shes dressed.
Okay, George replied, stay with her, I`ll let Major Rowden know.
Gema strode off down Gloucester Place. It was almost ten oclock the local stores would be opening soon and the rush hour traffic had died down. She assumed she was being followed but was not able to make anyone out particularly. She remembered her fathers words....the issues and challenges always remain the same its only the jungle that changes. He was a wise man!
She entered a side entrance of Selfridges just as the store was opening making it extremely difficult for someone to follow her without being seen, jumped on an escalator up to the first floor, picked up a few garments in the Ladies department and ducked into one of the changing booths. She opened the gym bag she was carrying and quickly changed from the gym clothes she was wearing into a business suit and high heeled shoes. Leaving the bag in the changing room she confidently walked out, carrying a brief case, wearing thin black kid leather gloves and exited on to Oxford St. through another exit.
With her heart pounding she quickly crossed Oxford St. against the lights and hopped on a bus that had just drawn up. No one got on the bus with her and there was no sudden activity in the traffic pattern.
Not so difficult, she thought, either that or theyre not very good. After half a dozen stops she got off, waved down a passing cab and set off for the Holiday Inn over by Oxford Circus.
I lost her, said Rafferty into the phone, it was deliberate too. Ive no bloody idea where she went.
She either made you or just assumed she was being followed, said George,
I always said she was smart. Nothing to be done now, dont sweat it, head back to the Hotel, Ill let everyone know, get back to you later.
Gema sat in the lobby of the Holiday Inn facing the main entrance nursing a coffee and croissant. She concluded she was free and clear if, in fact, she was being followed. Shed been patiently sitting there for almost an hour, after all patience was one of her strong suits. She walked over to the Hertz desk and rented a compact Fiesta. She had no choice but to use her real identity plus a credit card. If the authorities wanted to trace her by the time they got the information it would be too late anyway. After acquiring a street map she identified the Totteridge Lane Tube station and set of north to her appointment with Major Rowden.
David sat in the unmarked car waiting for Gema as the clock on the dash digitally made its way towards two oclock. He almost didnt recognize her when she walked out of the Tube station. She looked as though she was going to the office in a smart business suit, high heels, leather gloves and carrying a black, leather briefcase.
He honked, she waved...walked over to the Pick Up area and got in the passenger side of the car.
Turning right on the High Street and left down Friern Barnet Lane he drove past the golf course and pulled into the driveway of the stately old house he had recently visited with George Mudd and Jennie. Standing on the porch he fingered the button under the speaker set into the red brick. Mrs. Thompsons hollow voice responded from the speaker.
Identify yourselves please.
Major Rowden with Mrs. Mason, it was arranged with the Commander
The door clicked open on its electronic switch and the two of them walked over to Mrs. Thompsons desk.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 41
CCTV
Sitting in the office in Gower St. in London the Commander, George and Jen sat in front of the monitor, in stunned silence, watching the CCTV playback from the safe house on Friern Barnet Lane. There were cameras in every room plus cameras outside.
One of the cameras outside showed Davids car pulling into the driveway, he and Gema standing by the front door, Gema looking very smart and business like in a suit and carrying a briefcase.
The camera showed Mrs. Thompson checking in Gemas briefcase and then summoning Robert the guard.
The next sequence they had played at least ten times as it happened so quickly. In a blur of action Mrs. Thompson was down behind the desk and Robert was sliding down the wall a look of surprise on his face. David stood in the middle of the lobby looking at Gema with a look of horror.
They could see her mouth some words as there was no audio. He put his hand in his pocket and handed her his car keys and then knelt down in front of her. She said something else to him then laid her gloved hand on his throat and kept it there as he slid quietly to the floor.
She then looked directly at the camera and smiled wistfully.....she knew she was being watched.
She reached over the desk got the automatic pistol out of the centre drawer, checked Roberts pulse and took his keys out of his pocket. Placing the pistol in her briefcase and using Roberts keys she opened the door into the living room. The different cameras then picked up the rest of the action.
She walked into the living room, said something to Tony Wei sitting in front of an electric fire. The two of them then walked out of the house, got into Davids car and drove north back up Friern Barnet Lane.
Theres going to be the hell to pay over this, said the Commander, two dead, a terrorist in the wind and we just let it happen, luckily Davids going to be OK, although that doesnt help either Mrs. Thompson or Robert the minder.
Jennie had wound the tape back yet again and was focused on Gema as the action unfolded.
I just cant believe how fast she is, Ive never seen anything like it. They didnt have a chance, why do you suppose she left David alive?
She had no alternative but to assume that both the old lady and Robert were armed. She knew that David was unarmed and no match for her so she had to deal with the other two first. She had time to take care of David, said George, there are some other assumptions we can reasonably make too although now Im getting a bit skeptical. Firstly she either knows shes not going to get caught or she doesnt care. If its the latter, that makes her doubly dangerous. She knew we would see the tapes.............she looks almost apologetic.
Ive already heard from Gower St., David said, theyre taking over although what they think theyre going to do I have no idea.
Theyll do all the usual things.....put watchers on the airports, bus terminals, ports, train stations etc. Theyll put the alarm out to Interpol who in turn will work with the European security groups but, George, if youre right about her not caring, its all irrelevant isnt it?
The question is.....where the hell did she go.....and why? The house in Hereford, the flat in London her gym and her dojo are under surveillance so she cant go there. If she has another bolt hole were screwed. Well only be able to react to her. We should get a watch on her credit cards and freeze her bank accounts....that might slow her down a bit.....other than that I really dont know.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 42
Chipping Norton
Driving well within the speed limit in Davids car Gema drove up the Barnet High Road pulling off at the Barnet Tube Station where she had left her rental before taking the underground the one stop south to meet David. During the short drive Tony had tried to talk to her.
Shut up, dont say another word, she spat at him in Malay to his surprise. Pulling into the short stay she parked close to her rental Fiesta. Opening the passenger side door she told Tony to sit in the seat with his hands in front of him, wrists together. When he argued with her she took the pistol out of the briefcase and in Malay,
They know who I am and I doubt very much we can get out of the country in any conventional manner. There is no advantage or disadvantage to me killing you so dont make me make the choice.
He put his wrists in front of him and she tied them up using duct tape. If you speak I will shoot you. If you try to get out of the car I will shoot you. If you try to get anyones attention I will shoot you. Nod your head if you understand.
He nodded she got into the drivers side after leaving Davids keys in the glove compartment of his car, started up the Fiesta and drove out into the traffic.
*
There was little point in either George or Jennie staying in London. Their prime suspect was in the wind and MI5 were now fully involved so they had driven back to Eaton Bishop and the security of Georges home. They were back in their favorite room with Robbie and the dogs. Robbie had seen the surveillance tapes and was as amazed as the rest of them.....perhaps more so because of his previous relationship with Gema. He repeatedly played the tapes over and over hoping to see something that would explain the why of everything.
Gower St. wants to put a security detail on me, said Jennie, but I think Id be better off just staying here. Perhaps I could just take a short leave of absence.
David will be down here shortly, said George, hes been released from observation and seems to be no worse for wear. Happy to be alive I think. ORourke and Rafferty are back here and Im going to move Jimmy into the house for the time being. When David shows up Ill have him talk to the Commander. Frankly I would feel a lot better about things if you stayed down here.
I thought I knew her, whispered Robbie, off and on Ive helped her and her girl for twenty five years. Now Ive just seen her kill two innocent people without any apparent thought and, for reasons totally unknown to us, snatched a terrorist who had links to OHara and Jennings. Just gives me a bloody headache. We have to assume she killed Harry and Peter because of the photo she found. Im not sure why she would have killed OHara..............not that hes any great loss. Now shes in the wind and knows shes been on camera. Nothing to lose really, mission accomplished...................almost.
Lying in bed later that evening he rolled over to look at Jen,
Scared? he asked.
A little, she said, Ive never even dreamt of anything like that. She killed two people almost effortlessly and she might be coming here.
You dont have to worry, he said, Ill keep you here I dont care what your bosses say. We have around us some of the best fighting men in the world. Theyre in and around the house. They all have experience in multiple fields.....they are the best of the best, nothing to worry about. You know I think Robbie was getting a little pissed. I was watching the Bowmore going down. One things for sure.....nothings ever scared him.
Jen propped her head up on her hand the sheet falling off her shoulder to expose her breasts, you know I think he was more disappointed in her than anything else.
*
Quite some time ago when things started to get really bad between her and Dickie Gema had rented a small house in Chipping Norton just south of Banbury. She had needed to get away. Quite often he thought she was off working in some far off place when in actuality she was in Chipping.....not too far away, not because she was having affairs or anything like that, that would be to dishonor her family, but more to get away from his depression and the effect it had on her.
Now in the Fiesta she headed West on the North Circular to pick up the M40 that would take her to Banbury and finally to Chipping Norton. It was already getting dark. By the time she arrived it would be pitch black and there were no street lights. She had the radio tuned into a 24 hour news station just in case there was anything about the activities in Barnet although she doubted it.....after all it was supposed to be a safe house...............not that safe she thought to herself. Tony sat quietly in the passenger seat, must have made an impression, she thought.
Eventually she turned south on the Banbury Road with only another twenty minutes to go. It was by now completely dark with thick cloud cover, which suited her purpose.
Finally she turned into the driveway of a rather isolated house and, operating the garage door opener she had in her pocket, she drove straight into the garage and closed the door behind them. She sat in the pitch black of the garage.
Let me repeat myself, she said in Malay, if you do anything that I deem incorrect I will shoot you. Nobody knows where we are and neither do you. The house is isolated and quiet. You will sit quietly in that seat until I tell you to move. Nod your head if you understand. Tony nodded his head. For now she held all the cards......whoever she might be.
Leaving him sitting she got out of her side and unlocked the door from the garage to the kitchen.
She made him stand up, undid his belt and pulled his trousers down around his ankles.
Shuffle into the kitchen, she said. Pulling a kitchen chair out from under the table she made him sit down. Leaning against the kitchen counter she threw two plastic ties into his lap.
Tie your ankles to the chair legs, she said conversationally.
Do it yourself bitch, he hissed at her in Malay.
At least youve answered one question for me, she said.
Like lightening she was across the space between them and swiped him across the ear with the heavy automatic pistol. The chair and Tony crashed to the floor accompanied by his yell of pain.
Please get up and tie your ankles to the chair legs Tony......I really dont want to have to hurt you again over such a minor thing.
Theres a good boy, as he did as he was told.
She took more tape out of a kitchen drawer and taped him around the chest to the chair,  he couldnt move..............he could hardly breathe.
Before I make us some tea theres one other thing I think I should do in case theres any mess. She disappeared into the garage and came back a few moments later with a large folded tarp.
She pulled the table out of the way and spread the tarp on the floor. With difficulty she heaved Tony on the chair into the centre of the tarp.
Thats a lot better, she said, I hate the thought of having to clean up. Now well have some tea, weve had a rather exciting day.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 43
Family
David arrived the following morning looking none the worse for wear. The dogs announced his arrival but only after the call from the main gate and an ongoing progress report of the guards stationed in and around the property. Terry had the kitchen set up like an observation post and was online with each sensor on the property and in contact with each guard.
Place looks nice and quiet and pastoral, said David settling in the drawing room with a cuppa brought in by Marjorie.
Dinna kid yoursel, muttered Robbie, place is like a bloody fortress.
She never had any intention of killing me you know. She said to tell everyone shes sorry. She told me it wouldnt hurt, that I would just go to sleep for a while. They found my car and the keys up in Barnet in the Tube Parking. She must have had another car stashed up there. Shes thought everything out. She said to me.....when all this is over have Paan look at the tattoos. It will explain everything. Ive no idea what shes talking about.
I do, said George.
Firstly the fact that she gave you the message and didnt send it to either Robbie or myself means shes coming after us. Shes referring to Paan an old Border Scout of ours. Hes Penan but understands these things. Secondly.....she doesnt expect to live through it.  Jesus.....whats going on?
*
Gema spent the night in the kitchen wide awake exerting mind over matter. There would be plenty of time for sleep later. Tony slept intermittently his head falling to his chest. As the sun came up she closed the blinds on the small kitchen window plunging the room back into darkness. Out of the briefcase which she had brought in from the car she took half a dozen candles placed them on the table and lit them with some difficulty due to the thin leather gloves she still wore.
To Tonys amazement she placed in front of the candles a small white skull, a small pile of pebbles and a wooden bowl. The candles flickered giving the whole scene a macabre look. She knelt in front of the table and began to pray in a language that seemed vaguely familiar but which he didnt understand. She started to sway, as though to an unseen drum. She came to her feet and, in rhythm to the drum in her head, removed her jacket, shirt and bra. She swayed in front of him almost trancelike. The sweat beaded and rolled down between her breasts. She held her gloved hands, palms together and continued to pray.
She moved out of his line of sight and he could hear the rustling. When she came back in front of him she was quite naked. He couldnt help but gasp at the sight of her magnificent body. She writhed sinuously in front of him, her gloved hands like serpents in front of his face. He could almost hear the drum that was obviously sounding in her head. The sweat poured off her and dripped onto his knees as she danced right in front of him.
Slowly one by one she removed the thin, kid leather gloves from her hands and then squatted in front of him almost touching his knees. She turned her hands out, palms to her own face.
Welcome Susilo my brother, she whispered in Butak.
Tonys eyes rolled back in his head as he fainted.
Hours later she had showered, made herself some breakfast and changed back into a sweat suit and trainers that she had upstairs in her bedroom. Her body glowed from the searing heat of the shower and her hair still glistened, she felt at peace with herself and thankful to her God Semangatan for leading her to the truth. Tony slumped in the chair. He had refused anything to eat and the stink of fear was around him.
She had taken an hour to explain to him what had occurred after he left the village, whilst the wintry sun climbed in the sky. She had refused him the opportunity to speak and had had to remind him of that request a couple times much to his discomfort.
The fact that you no longer understand Butak is to your dishonor so I shall speak to you in Malay. However there is now a change to our agreement. If you dissatisfy me I most certainly will not shoot you but I will hurt you in the tradition of the Kayan and the Orang Ulu, nod if you understand. He nodded.
I have had twenty years to conclude what happened to our mother, our father, our grandparents and the rest of our clan at Long Alat.
I have seen photographs of both my father and grandfather lying dead on the soah. I have seen a photograph of their grave. I have brought myself peace concerning the other people in the photographs. I have visited their very grave and prayed to Semangatan for them.
The terrorists needed a guide. Long Alat was unknown to the outside world. Only someone that knew could guide them up the river. Only someone that knew could advise them of the best way to attack the village, that someone could only be you.
For years I wondered who it could possibly be. That question was answered the moment I saw the photograph of your hands.
For that, my brother, you must pay. Semangatan and the spirits of my ancestors and parents demand that Kayan honor be maintained. Tradition requires that you pay the penalty and the penalty be handed out by your closest relative. That is me my brother, thanks to your dishonor I am your only relative!
The parang whistled through the air, a silver blur in the darkened room. His head jumped off his shoulders and rolled on the floor with an obscene thump the eyes staring as though in surprise. Blood spurted up out of his neck to be caught by the tarp.
Twenty years later it is done, she thought, my honor and the honor of my family is reinstated. Now what will be will be, it doesnt matter anymore.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 44
Hereford
Shes back! Shes in the flat in Hereford, I saw her in the window, the watcher reported on his mobile.
Her Jag is still in London though, said David, its still in the parking on Wardour St.
Theres a blue Fiesta in the courtyard.
Is she on her own? asked David.
I dont know, said the watcher, I didnt see anyone arrive. I was in the copse at the back of the house, you cant see the courtyard from there. Suddenly there she was....in the window.
Dont do anything at all, ordered David, Im bringing in a Special Forces Team. Shes killed at least five that I know of, no need to risk anyone else. Withdraw to a spot where you can eyes on the vehicle. Ill call you once we are in position.
An hour later an assault team had been sent down from Credenhill joined by David Rowden, George and Robbie. They had taken up positions around the house.
Should we give her the opportunity to come out quietly? said George, or do we just go in guns blazing?
Well give her the chance, said David, Ill call her.
Might be better coming from me, said George.
The phone rang for quite some time.
Yes, she answered.
Gema....its me George. We know everything. Were outside...Robbie, David, myself and a complete SAS team. Its almost like full circle, please come out. She was quiet for a while.
George.....I am first and foremost Kayan. I have done what I set out to do. Semangatan is satisfied. The honor of the Kayan and my family is satisfied. It is done. Paan can explain. It was my brother!
There was the sound of a shot and the rattling of the phone as it hit the floor.
The scene upon entering the flat would be seared on his brain. It might fade with time but, with a little scratching, would easily come to the surface. The magnificent room was softly lit by the lamps in the corners. The expanse of teak floor gleamed like it had been recently oiled. Spread eagled in the middle of the floor was the totally naked, headless body of Susilo. On the altar at the far end of the room the skull and pebbles had been replaced. The small wooden bowl was back in place as was the little black drumstick. In front of the altar, on the floor, the woven basket held the head of Susilo the eyes staring in surprise....... to one side the blood stained parang.
She had fallen on the bedroom floor, Mrs. Thompsons gun and the phone close by. She was dressed in traditional Kayan dress.
She had placed the pistol in her mouth and pulled the trigger.
Her magnificent body seemed relaxed on the floor her beautiful face forever marred by the 9mm bullet.
~ ~ ~

Chapter 45
A jog at Brecon
Its over darling, said George, the only positive thing to come out of the whole mess is that I met you.
Yes but five people died in the process, she replied
I have to believe they would have died anyway Im sorry to say, he said. ORourke and his crew have gone back to Ireland. Im convinced Terrys sorry its all over, he was enjoying the excitement. Robbies going to hang around for a few days then hell be going back to Brunei. So itll be back to business as usual I think.
She got up off the couch, poked the fire and threw on another log.
I think Im going to find that just being a copper in Hereford is going to be a bit boring now, she said.
I was going to talk to you about that, he said.
Why dont you just quit your job, marry me and well live happily ever after?
I thought you liked me just for my red hair and other attributes, she said laughing.
Seriously, he said, will you marry me, Jen? You dont necessarily have to quit your job but you would make me very happy if you were to accept.
Theres someone I would have to ask first, she said.
Ive already asked her, he replied, she said it would be okay.
*
Robbie before you scoot back to Bandar howd you like to drive down to Brecon? Last time we were there everything went sideways.
Sounds fun to me Georgie, havent been there in years. Maybe we could do that little run down by the waterfall?
Yea we could do that Rob. Jen and I walked down there when we were there. We can stay at the Brecon Castle again......love that place.
They drove down, the two old friends, the Land Rover easily eating up the miles and echoing to the banter and laughter of two old comrades. George managed to get the same room as last time remembering the huge four poster bed, and Jen in it. Robbie took a pleasant single overlooking the river. They set off the following morning.
The day was cool but not threatening, the high clouds scudding across the pale blue sky. The river and streams were high as the spring runoff had begun. They maintained an easy pace running easily along the well worn path. It was only about twelve miles with none of the going really hard, however they couldnt lose sight of the fact that they were both in their mid forties now and perhaps not as fit as they would like.
It was pleasantly quiet the silence only broken by the pounding of their feet, the sound of their breathing and the blackbirds in the woods to the left. For the first few miles the trail was wide enough for them to run abreast but as the path neared the first waterfall George surged ahead as the trail narrowed. Slowly the silence was broken by the roar of the waterfall in full flood. The rock face reared up to their right as the pine forest closed in on their left.
Robbie felt a stitch coming on and slowed watching George move further ahead. Too much of that Bowmore, he thought,
I either get myself in shape or start to recognize my limitations.
The pain of the stitch bent him over as he came to a standstill. He stood there as his breathing returned to normal.
The dart took him high on the left shoulder. He hardly felt it it being so sharp. He looked at it in amazement and tried to call out to George. His voice only came out as a croak and, as he fell to the ground at the foot of the rock face, he saw a shadowy dark shape come out from the trees on his left and then the darkness.
George sensed that Robbie was no longer behind him. He looked back and saw nothing. He turned around and jogged back the way he had come expecting Robbie to come around the corner at any moment. Rounding the corner he saw Robbie lying motionless in the middle of the trail and a tall figure just standing there looking down at the body. He quietly approached the two, his runners quiet on the trail. Slowly the figure turned around.
He was dressed completely in black with a black balaclava hiding his features, black combat boots on his feet...black gloves.
The figure came at him in a lightening blur of speed. It felt as though a jack hammer hit him in the chest as a boot hit him below the heart. He couldnt get his breath, his whole chest felt paralyzed.
He tried to get into a defensive posture but a blow from the side of a gloved hand almost paralyzed his arm.
He sank to one knee his vision blurred by the pain in his chest and arm. The attacker was tall and seemed to be just standing there appraising him.
George stayed on the one knee gathering himself, the feeling slowly coming back to his arm. He stood up slowly holding his arm and looked at his attacker who was closer now. The startling blue eyes glared at him out of the balaclava.
Wendy Mason, he whispered.
She reached up and pulled the balaclava off her head exposing her auburn hair.
It never was my mother, she said, it was always me. My familys honor demanded vengeance. Your team killed my grandparents and the rest of my family. Robbie died easily and painlessly as did the other two. OHara was simple opportunity, he drowned, now its your turn.
George hung his head. He knew he couldnt fight her. He was fighting for breath and it felt as though at least two ribs were broken. His arm hung useless at his side. He thought of Jen and his dogs and knew he would never see them again. He looked back at Robbie crumpled in the middle of the path.
She took a deep breath and a smile of anticipation covered her face as she wound up for the killing blow. George knew there was nothing he could do....... at least the sun was shining and he could hear the blackbirds.
The shotgun blast took her square in her side and threw her across the path like a rag doll. He looked at her, holding his arm and breathing shallowly .........she was close to death. He knelt by her side and said quietly,
You are dying and it is wasted. The Indonesians killed your family......... all my team did was have the decency to give your family a proper burial.
A tear rolled down her cheek as the life faded from her gorgeous eyes....her blood soaking into the mud of the Welsh path.
A diminutive figure appeared out of the pine trees close by. He was dressed in jungle fatigues, a fatigue hat on his head, his face, striped in jungle camouflage creased in a wrinkly smile...............Paan!!
He knelt by her body palms together in the traditional manner.
You were Kayan......but you were wrong.
He stood up,
Trooper Mac will be okay soon, I boiled the sugar off.
I got your six boss.
Nice gun, got it from your new wife!
####


About the Author
Pete Jackson was born in England during a war, educated in England and France during another smaller war and now lives in Canada. Hes enjoyed dogs, horses and sailed boats all over the world. Married with two children and two grand children he now spends his time between writing and the golf course.
Meet him on his websiteclick here.


