The Promise

The Lady Quill Chronicles

Book 1

By
D.D. Chant


The Promise (The Lady Quill Chronicles)

Copyright  2012 by D.D. Chant 

All rights reserved in all media. No part of this book may be used or reproduced without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

This is a work of fiction. All names, characters, locales and incidents are products of the authors imagination and any resemblance to actual people, places or events are coincidental or fictionalised.
To Mum and Aunty Carolyn, for all their support, and for Aunty Jan and her insistence on a complete absence of the word Intense!!!
 


Prologue

Dear Reader,
There are many things I could tell you of Calis.  I could tell you the story of how the first Lord Berron was given the conquered lands by his Saxon liege, as a prize in recognition of his bravery in battle.
I could even tell you how the second Lord of Berron had carried off the betrothed of his cousin, Lord Targhe, and installed her as his own Lady. Or how from this point on the Houses of Berron and Targhe, although really one, became bitter enemies.
It was an enmity that led to war.
Lord Targhe was defeated and Calis liberated, but not before Lord Targhe had wrought his revenge upon the House of Berron. He believed that he had destroyed every trace of his enemies. However Lord Berrons youngest child, a daughter then but two years of age, had been concealed by her nursing woman.  
Lord Brogan of Valrek, the saviour of Calis, confronted by this vulnerable survivor who had no family to protect her, and whose very existence would infuriate the still living Lord Targhe, did the only thing he could do. He appealed to his King for permission that he might betroth Lady Adele to his only son Rafe, thereby giving her the protection she so desperately needed.
Yet this decision was fraught with its own difficulties.  
It is true that I could tell you any one of these stories, but I am going to tell you Rafes and, consequently, Adeles.

Lady Quill




Chapter One


His attitude was quietly disapproving, arms crossed over his expansive chest, and eyes barely discernible beneath their lowered and heavy brows.
No good will come of this.
If he had expected this pessimistic utterance to restrain the man before him, he was destined to be disappointed. The man at the table merely laughed, and his quill continued to scratch away on the parchment.
Will you not listen to sense, Rafe?
I always listen to sense, stated the man at the table, grinning.
Any sting his words may have contained was softened by that smile, which invited the sharing of some jest between the two of them.
But, Rafe, continued the giant carefully, this is folly. Send me, or Kenric, with some men, just do not go yourself and alone!
Rafe of Valrek shook his head and made no comment, but folded the parchment and spread wax over the overlapping edges. Neither man made any move to speak as Rafe set his seal to the wax, and leant his tall frame back in the chair.  They were in Lord Rafes personal chambers. A fur covered bed dominated the room, and a fire warmed the chill winter air. Lord Rafe sat before the flames, a jug of spiced wine at his elbow on the table before him, his fingers playing absently with the stem of a goblet. A second chair, half pulled out from the table, separated the two men.
You think me a fool, Finan?
I think you stubborn, a trait that unfailingly leads you into difficulties, muttered Finan repressively. 
 And what have I done that you should have so little faith in me? I have never yet been bested by aught, have I?
Finan shifted uneasily, and sat down in the chair across from his master, his face suddenly earnest.
It is that which worries me; you do not consider the possibility of defeat.
Finan watched as Rafe considered the parchment before him, his fingers tracing the edge as he thought over his friends words.
Finan was not given to talking, he was a man who by nature kept his own counsel, and Rafe knew his concern must be great for him to have spoken his mind.  
Ill do this thing my own way, Finan, nothing that you say will change my mind.
Finan had known his master long enough to recognise his determination, and to know the futility of trying to dissuade him when he was in a mood of reckless purpose. Still, he felt impelled to try.
You have never even met her, you do not... 
And what is that? Do you suggest that I disregard a word of honour, my fathers word of honour, and refuse to have her? asked Rafe softly.
I meant nothing but that you need not risk your life on this errand.
Come, Finan; now whos being the fool? asked Rafe amused. No harm will come to me or her; that is the point of this subterfuge. Is your displeasure such that you will not help me?
Finan shrugged his broad shoulders in resignation. 
You know that I will help you in anything you do, as long as there is yet breath in my body. 
Finan pondered over this truth for some time as he looked at his master, trying for perhaps the thousandth time to ascertain why this man engendered such fierce loyalty from his subjects. As always he could not seem to come to any definite decision.
He remembered back to his lords youth. Even as a boy, he had commanded respect and affection. He had the heart of a warrior, like his father before him, and had disliked any attempt to thwart his plans, seeing interference as a threat to his independence.
Finan smiled at these memories. His master had always been a reckless young hot head, plunging with impatient glee into any trouble he could find. The years had bought experience and a widening out of his character. Rafe had seen battle and knew the responsibility of commanding men, men who would pay for his mistakes with their lives.
Rafe had watched the glory that he had worked so hard to attain in battle fade, tarnished with blood and misery. He had been taught, in the most painful of ways, the importance of patience, of caution; that peace was more to be worked for than anything else. Even that compromise, so long as not of principle, was to be chosen over enmity and strife. There was nothing that his men would not do for Lord Rafe, and in return there was nothing Lord Rafe would not do for his men.
It is as well that you will help me, for without you my plans would fail.
Rafe leaning back in his chair fixed Finan with a mischievous smile.
How would you like to be Lord Valrek, Finan?
Silence filled the room.
I do not understand, replied Finan slowly.  
How should you like to lead my men, in my name, to Lord Merrodons lands? There is some small disagreement between him and one of the neighbouring lords that my liege wishes at an end. Rafes smile had stretched a little wider.  
Pardon my ignorance, but I still do not understand. Finan watched Rafe finger the edge of the parchment before him again and waited.
Why do you fear for my safety, Finan? 
Finan was slightly taken aback by the seeming change of subject, and paused while searching for a suitable answer.
My lord is aware, I think, that he is not loved of all men. 
Rafe laughed as though he saw only amusement in such a statement.
You put it mildly. As always, Finan, you are correct. Rafe tapped a thoughtful tattoo on the smooth wood of the table top, lost in his own thoughts. As Finan regarded him he saw his friends amusement disappear and many other, more stressful, emotions cloud his face.
Finan saw many things then which he could not have guessed at from Rafes merriment before. He saw worry and apprehension, but could still only surmise at what these were directed. There was something else too, so foreign to his masters nature, that for a moment he could not put a name to it.
It was with some surprise that he realised that Lord Rafe was in the grip of hesitation. One could postulate that this hesitation was natural in a bridegroom who had not met his betrothed and had little knowledge of her. However, Finan was not given to conjecture, having a simple faith in plain facts. Still, he wished he knew what Rafe was thinking, what was causing him to experience such uncertainty.
Rafe?
As you so succinctly put it, I am not beloved by all men. In fact, Rafe continued bluntly, it would be nearer the mark to say that I have many vastly unpleasant enemies. I should hate for my bride to be singled out for their attention. Youll agree that she has been persecuted enough for her family ties? 
Finan understood his friend well enough to know that he did not require an answer, and Rafe understood Finan well enough to know that he need not expect a reply.  
In any case; Lord Targhe lives yet and I have little faith that his murderous appetite is full slaked. 
The room fell into easy silence again and Finan watched his master stare into his cup, as though the answers he sought were hidden within its depths.
I understand that you wish to keep Lady Adele safe, but why do you not trust me to see that no harm comes to her? asked Finan.
Rafe shifted in his chair and Finan watched in bemused fascination as a dull red colour stole into his masters cheeks. He had known Rafe since birth and had never before seen him make such a hideous display. Blushing was a womanly pursuit, and Finan was of the opinion that no man should be caught making such an idiot out of himself.
If it were only a matter of her safety you know that I would have no hesitation in sending you, but my wish is that she should be brought here in secret, guarded by one man. 
And why is it that I may not be that man? 
Finan knew that his master was brewing trouble. He had seen the signs a thousand times before and recognised a certain recklessness that could only lead to turmoil.  To Finans great disgust his master repeated his chameleon performance, taking on a ruddy colour.  
I hope to Rafe broke off again and reached out for the wine jug at his elbow. Both men were silent as he poured a liberal helping into the two goblets that stood before him and handed one to Finan.
You know my position, Finan. My father betrothed me to Lady Adele when I was but twelve years of age, with the aid of my councillors it was my duty to provide for her. He looked up, steady eyes willing Finan to understand. For the sake of my father I cannot refuse to marry her, for the sake of my own honour I could not beg off. Yet, I should like to know what sort of person she is, and I do not believe that were we to be presented to each other here at Valrek I should have a true picture of her character. We both should be ill at ease, and she would be conscious of a duty to please me. 
Silence stretched out between them and Finan sifted slowly through his masters words, condensing them and seizing upon the underlying feeling that threaded through his explanation. Rafe wished to satisfy the question of whether his bride would like him for the man he was, or for being the son of the man who had saved her; the man it was her duty to obey.
If she met him as Lord Rafe, she would be guarded, and he would not see her true colours, only that which she wished him to see. He would not know if she was trustworthy, if he would need to watch her, if she would cause trouble in his house and upset his mother and sisters. 
At this point Rafe reached towards the wooden box on the table and withdrew a dozen or so letters, throwing them on the table before Finan and watching as his friend studied the parchments with interest.
Although I might not have met her, I have on occasion sent her some small trifles. Those are her letters of thanks. Rafe observed that, though Finan had been turning the papers over in his hands, at his words he dropped them as though they had been on fire. Rafe grinned and relaxed back into his chair.
By all means read them, there is naught that my own mother could not see. You need have no fear of stumbling upon any impassioned phrases of undying love! 
For a moment Finan tried to discover if there was any bitterness in his friends words, but he decided that Lord Rafe was merely amused.
Finan turned back to the letters. Some were a little brown with age, but all were in good order. They did not show any signs that they had been read more than once. Sneaking a look up at Lord Rafe he found his master gazing back into the fire, perfectly at ease.
If there was nothing of a lover like nature in Lady Adeles letters, neither was there anything of the impatient lover in his masters manner.
As it was, her letters were written in a fair hand, of a good length, and filled with small details of her home and the people who looked after her. They were written in much the same style as a niece might write to an uncle of whom she was a little in awe.
In short, although reasonably entertaining, they gave little of the writers personality away. He was a third of the way through the second letter when he became aware of Lord Rafes eyes upon him, and looked up.
Some small trifles? asked Finan, his eyebrows raised. So far I have counted several items of jewellery, numerous bolts of material, and furs without number! 
I merely sent her the things that my sisters, Esme and Aisly, seemed to think necessary to their comfort, replied Rafe with a dismissive shrug, but a faint colour had stained his cheeks again.
Finan shuddered involuntarily at the sight, and sent up a silent prayer that he would be preserved from all women. he could only abhor the vile impact they seemed to have on a reasonable man. Shaking his head, he continued to peruse the writing.  
There is something, I do not know what it is, that is strange about her manner of address. Finans eyes fell on the first line of the missive. There in a pretty and elegant hand was written a simple title: Lord Valrek. Understanding filled his mind and his eyes met Lord Rafes.
You begin to understand, I think.
She believes herself to be writing to your father! 
Yet again perfectly correct, Finan, nodded Rafe with a sigh. The fault lies with me; I always signed myself Lord Valrek and did not enlighten her when she made the mistake of believing my father was sending her these things. As time went on it became more difficult to tell her a truth that would give embarrassment to us both.
For a time both men were silent. Finan realised that he would not be able to divert the course that Rafe had begun upon.
What will you do? asked Finan eventually.  Rafe twisted the goblet in his hand until the light from the fire struck the gems set into its rim, making them glow.
My plan is to fetch her here myself, try and discern what sort of a person she is. The timing is safer. It is yet six months to the date that my father set for our nuptials, therefore no one will expect her to be moved. Certainly they will not expect a Valrek to be so secretive. They will anticipate a great deal of opulent show, and Ill give it to them, but Ill do it in my own way. 
Rafes eyes had been fixed firmly on the goblet but at this last, he turned again to Finan.
 This is where I need your help; you will go to Lord Merrodons in my stead. 
If that is your wish, my lord, bowed Finan.  Rafe watched him through narrowed lids, his hand restlessly swirling the liquid around his goblet.
You will go as Lord Valrek, Finan.
Finan started forward in his chair, his fingers gripping the wooden arms with such strength that his knuckles were white.  
Rafe? His voice was hoarse and his face seemed suddenly too pale.
It is necessary, Finan.
I cannot... how will you explain to King Ine? Surely you must see that such a deception... 
I know, Finan, so you must understand the pressing need for such an action. Rafes hand reached out to finger the letter he had, a few moments before, sealed. If I am with Lord Merrodon, I cannot possibly be collecting my bride. I will take with me this missive, holding the Valrek seal, giving order that Lady Adele is to be released to my charge. 
Finan allowed his masters words to linger on the air for some moments.
And if I am to be you, who are you to be?
Lord Rafes eyes were again fixed on the flames in the fire place.
Why I shall be no one; a nobody that she will feel no need to impress.
And what of Lord Merrodon? When he learns the truth you will have made another enemy.
Rafe smiled softly.
I never knew you to be dramatic before.
Finan choked in indignation.
Lord Merrodon will give me no trouble, Finan, for the simple reason that, after I have deposited Adele at Valrek, I will join you and explain everything to him. Rafe extended his arm and, still in his relaxed position, pushed his goblet onto the table. He will cause me no trouble. 
What does your father say to this, Rafe?
Finan watched Lord Rafes face carefully as he shifted in his chair.
My father said a great many things on the subject, he replied with a forced air of unconcern. I cannot recall his precise words, but I understand that he believes a course that begins with deception, ends in trouble. 
Finan watched as several emotions crossed Lord Rafes face and felt sympathy for him. He was aware of the very high regard in which Lord Rafe held his father, the implicit trust that he put in his fathers wisdom. Lord Brogans disapproval would be weighing heavily on his mind. Finan was rather surprised that his master intended to continue on a course disapproved of by Lord Brogan. With some interest he inquired if his Master did not think that perhaps Lord Brogan was right to advise caution. 
My father, although it is true not enamoured of my plan, does not forbid that I carry it through. 
Finan smiled faintly.
No, my lord. Lord Brogan displays a great deal more understanding than to forbid a course you are so determined upon.
I see I am sunk yet lower in your esteem, Finan? Rafe smiled ruefully.
No, although it is advisable to learn from the wisdom of others. Do you not think that your father is right? 
I have to know, Finan, answered Lord Rafe slowly. I know it should not matter to me what sort of person she is, or whether she will be happy here. Yet I still need to know; you can understand that, can you not?
Finan regarded the untouched wine in his goblet.
I take it that your father did?
He understands that the situation is difficult, replied Rafe cautiously. For us both.
Then you must do as you think best. 
You reserve judgment, Finan? asked Lord Rafe, his tone playful. Or is it merely that you are prohibited by your position from telling me how many times a fool you think me?
Neither, my lord. You know such a consideration would not weigh with me if I thought you in danger. The truth is I have no opinion to give, answered Finan with a shrug. On the whole I believe women to be the root of all trouble, I do not see how you can escape that trouble no matter what you may do.
Rafe laughed heartily at that.
Spoken like a true bachelor!
Finan saw no reason for such hilarity.  
I have known you to make such a statement yourself, my lord.
Well, maybe they are troublesome, but we would be in sore straits without them.
Aye, but there are plenty of poor fools to see that the world is peopled. I see no need to join myself to their ranks, answered Finan comfortably.
I see; I suppose I am to become one of those poor fools you pity so much? smiled Rafe.
Finan looked at his lord, genuinely surprised.  
Why no, my lord. For the sake of your name you must have a son, and for your fathers honour you must marry the Lady Adele. Despite all that, I know that at heart you are a bachelor.
For a time there was silence in the room and Lord Rafe leaned back in his chair, closing his eyes.  
For my brides sake I hope you may be wrong, Finan.


Chapter Two


To say that Lord Rafe was made uncomfortable by his fathers disapproval was something of an understatement.  Rafe felt strongly his sires displeasure and it saddened him, but he could see no other course open to him.  
Rafe reached the door of his fathers apartments and halted, smoothing his hair across his brow and taking a deep breath.  It didnt occur to him that this little ritual might be considered strange in a man in his twenty eighth year. If asked he would have said it was a mark of respect. He would no more have entered battle without first rallying his troops, than enter his fathers presence in the hall without first being sure he was tidy.
The wooden walls of the great hall were hung with tapestries and smoke from the fire filled the air, flavouring every breath. His father sat at the head of a long table, occupying a large, fur covered, chair set at an angle so that the warmth of the flames in the hearth reached him. He was speaking with a small wizened man dressed solely in black.
Master Rafe!
Hello, Stilman. Rafe smiled at the old servant. I am come to speak with my father if he is free. 
Im always free to see my most troublesome son! Lord Brogans voice wafted across the room from where he was seated behind the heavy table.
I happen to be your only son, sir.
That would explain why tis only you that gives me trouble then. Lord Brogan turned to Stilman. That is enough for today; Ill call you if I need aught else.
Stilman retired from the room, leaving its remaining occupants in uneasy silence. Rafe shifted his weight awkwardly and pulled on his tunic.
I take it you are ready to leave?
Yes, sir. Rafe hesitated, fingering the sheathed knife on his belt. I had hoped to make you understand why I have chosen this path before I left. Tis not my wish to hurt you. 
Lord Brogan regarded his son closely for several moments before heaving a large sigh.
I do understand, Rafe. I know that you think because I disagree with your present course, I do not comprehend your reason for pursuing it. I know that this is not what you would have chosen for yourself, that it is hard for both you and her. Lord Brogan came around the table and placed his hand on his sons broad shoulder.
One day you will have a son of your own, Rafe, and you will see that tis no easy thing. You hold him in your arms and he is naught but a scrappy little thing. No matter how big he becomes, to you that is how he remains; a tiny bundle that you must protect. Tis hard for me to let you find your own way, but you must do as you think best, Rafe, and I wish you success.
Rafe grasped his fathers hand tightly in his own.
Forgive me, Father?
For what? Growing to be a man? Lord Brogan patted his sons shoulder. You must be careful, Rafe; even the best laid plans can somehow become tangled. 

-------

The village was big, much bigger than he had expected. He had thought to find a few hovels, but not the self contained village that thrived before him. The huts were set around the base of the hill and were in turn surrounded by well kept fields. Rafe made his way along the track that led through the huts and up the hill, and came to a guard post. The man within made his way towards Rafes horse slowly. As he approached, Rafe noticed that his tunic was liberally splashed with his mornings repast.  What is your business here, sir?
I am here to visit the fort. Rafe watched the man look past him at the horse he was leading, and then back at the chain mail Rafe was wearing.
I am afraid, sir, that you cannot visit the fort. The man rocked back on his heels and supported himself on his spear, looking up at Rafe with a faint air of apology.
  Lord Valrek sent me with this letter to the fort and to the lady who has charge of Lady Adele. Rafe held the letter out toward the man. The second the soldiers eyes lighted on the Valrek seal, and he straightened.
Your pardon, sir; I was only obeying my orders. 
Lord Valrek shall know that you have performed your duty well, soothed Rafe, and with a nod he urged his horse up the track.
The fort was old, set atop the grassy hill, and looked uninviting and cold. Rafe felt a faint qualm as he wondered if it portended in some way the cold inhospitality of its inhabitants. No man, reflected Rafe, however honourable wished his bride to be associated in any way with epithets such as uninviting and cold.
He had always supposed that his betrothal would become more palatable to him as time passed. No one could expect a lad in his twelfth year to greet the idea of a wife with anything but derision. He had assumed that as the years moved on he would feel differently, and he did feel differently, but still just as difficult. His very nature rebelled against being forced into a position he had neither made nor wanted.  It was a circumstance that made for a very inauspicious start to an inevitable relationship.
These were hardly cheering thoughts. He slipped from his horse, pausing for a moment to take a deep steadying breath, before pulling the bell cord with more vigour than was necessary.
The peal sounded loudly, echoing down the hill, clear and pure on the cold air. Rafe waited, his complete stillness hiding a certain impatient restlessness that, though very much a part of his character, he always sought to control. It seemed to him that he stood there an eternity, and in truth his wait was rather lengthy. Finally he heard the sound of the bolts being drawn back, and the heavy oak door opened a little.  
Yes?
Rafe found himself subjected to a hard and searching glare that was so unexpectedly ferocious, he was for a moment bereft of speech. The penetrating, dark eyed stare roamed over him swiftly. For the first time in his life Rafe felt that the owner for those brilliant orbs was neither pleased nor impressed by what she saw.  
Kindly state your business or be gone, young man. 
The voice was sharply bracing and Rafe suddenly rediscovered his tongue.
I come from Valrek with a letter from Lord Rafe. 
Those bright little eyes glared at him for an unnerving moment longer, and then the door was opened wider.  
Well? Get in with you; do you think I have naught else to do but stand here and hold this door? 
Rafe ducked his head and passed through into the courtyard to find himself confronted by an elderly woman. Her face was heavily wrinkled, yet made lively by her curious, questing eyes.
She was, Rafe reflected, the tiniest woman he had ever beheld. The top of her head hardly reached his chest, but whatever she lacked in stature she more than made up for in spirit.
She led him across the courtyard toward a stone building. The fort was, as he already knew, a relic from the roman invasion. Though not particularly big, its placement on top of the hill made it hard to attack.  
The woman opened another large oak door and Rafe entered into a hall. The walls were covered in tapestries, and there were woven rugs on the uneven flagged floor. The old woman pushed past him, muttering under her breath, and gestured that he should follow her through an arch and into the small room beyond.
It was furnished with a table, a few rough chairs covered in soft furs, and had a large fire roaring to one side of the room.  In one corner Rafe could see some sort of needle work that had been hastily discarded on one of the fur covered chairs.  Despite the warmth emanating from the fire, the stone walls made the room cold.
My name is Mistress Ardith, I am in charge of the Lady Adele.
Mistress Ardith had settled herself into one of the large chairs, seeming quite unconcerned that her feet were no longer able to touch the floor.
You have, I think, a letter for me? she asked.  
Rafe held the missive out to her and waited for some time to be invited to take a chair. It became obvious that no such offer was going to be made by the lady so deeply engrossed in the letter that he himself had written, and so he sat down without being invited or having asked.  
Mistress Ardith read the letter through twice before again directing her attention upon Rafe. She seemed surprised at not finding him standing before her still, and frowned as she saw he had made himself comfortable near the fire.  
Your master writes that he has sent, she paused, taking up the letter again and reading aloud an excerpt.  The man whom I most trust.
She looked at him severely over the top of the letter and he fancied that Lord Valrek had fallen far in her estimation.
Lord Valrek tells me in this missive that I am to release Lady Adele to your, again she consulted the letter,  to your most trustworthy custody.
She regarded him again as though she could not quite reconcile the words in the letter to the man standing before her.
The letter makes no mention of a travelling companion for Lady Adele.
I believe Lord Rafe considered that you would provide a young lady.
Mistress Ardith nodded her assent and then appeared to lapse into thoughtful reverie. She was suffering a great many misgivings. It was not her place to question her employer, but she found herself disliking the slights that she perceived Lord Rafe to be offering Adele. His failure to collect his bride himself could be seen as nothing less than a slight, and the young man he had sent in his stead Mistress Ardith resolutely bridled her thoughts, she was thinking above her station.
Still something had to be said, if only to assure that this young man treated Adele as befitted a Lady of Berron, and did not stint on the things necessary for her comfort. Mistress Ardith knew that Adele would not call him to account for not giving her the respect and care that was appropriate to her station.
Lady Adele was placed in my care when she was but two years of age, she has spent her life confined within the walls of this place and has been raised to be Lord Rafes wife. In short, you cannot expect her to undertake any sort of hardship, she is far too delicate for that.
Mistress Ardith thought she detected a faintly disparaging gleam in Rafes eyes but could not be sure.  
She must be well taken care of. There are many things she has no experience of and which might upset her if you are not quick to shield her from them.
You may depend upon me.
The look of extreme dubiety that greeted this statement left Rafe in no doubt as to the thoughts running through Mistress Ardiths head. His found he had to repress an amused smile, he rather liked the stern old lady.  
There is yet one thing. You will be the first man that Lady Adele has seen these sixteen years, she may be a little surprised.
The silence that greeted this statement was, Mistress Ardith realised with astonishment, an angry one.  
What?
Rafes voice was not loud, but Mistress Ardith had the strangest feeling that it had taken a great deal of self control to keep it at so reasonable a level.
Lady Adele has been kept in seclusion waiting for her husband, returned Mistress Ardith, surprised by a strange need to explain herself.
In seclusion? What possible use is that? 
It was decided that it would be best, answered Mistress Ardith, taken aback by such fervour. Her whereabouts had to remain a secret, and it was possible that Lady Adele might form some attachment. Such a circumstance could only bring her unnecessary pain when an attachment of that sort was impossible to act upon, she being promised already to another.
My own sister was betrothed in her fourth year, but we found no need to secure her in a tower that she might not have her heart broken by a man who she was unable to marry, stated Rafe shortly. It was considered that the knowledge that she was betrothed would keep her safe from such disappointment. Of what use do you suppose Lady Adele will be to her people, people who have waited sixteen years for her return?
Lady Adele... 
She will be of no use to anyone, least of all to her husband, interrupted Rafe. Although I dare say her needle work is above reproach!
Mistress Ardith folded her arms across her chest, smote by the unaccountable feeling of being somehow wrong.  
What is done, is done and was done for the best. She stood abruptly, indicating that he was to follow her. Now I will take you to your chamber. It is too late for Lady Adele to be travelling tonight. She seemed to struggle within herself. I shall have some food sent to you.
Mistress Ardith left Rafe at the door of the chamber where he was to pass the night. As she withdrew he noticed, with a slight feeling of self reproach, that her eyes were clouded with worry.

Chapter Three


Adele?
Mistress Ardiths voice wafted softly across the small room. It was not the voice that Rafe would have recognised as belonging to her, filled as it was with tender warmth. A drowsy stirring beneath the covers told her that Adele was awake.
Adele, my love?
The covers stirred again and then were pulled down, and a figure rose sleepily from the depths of the bed.  Mistress Ardith? What is it? Whats wrong? Her sleepy voice was pleasantly husky, and her eye lashes fluttered sleepily over large eyes.
Naught, my dear, tis only that I have news, reassured Mistress Ardith.
Strange, she had sat before the fire for a long while after she had left the young man, trying to think of the best way of breaking such tidings to Adele. It was a difficult situation and, whatever people said, this betrothal was not in the least romantic. Only a fool would think it romantic to marry a complete stranger.
Adding to the general discomfort, Lord Rafe had not come to escort his bride to Valrek in person but had sent someone else in his stead. Mistress Ardith would have doubted any man to be worthy of Adele, but Lord Rafe at that precise moment seemed of all men most unsuitable.  She became aware that Adele was wide awake and watching her closely.
It seems you are to leave me, Adele; an escort has arrived to take you to your new home.
To Valrek? Adeles voice was a little dazed. Then he is here?
It would be too much to say that this question was eager or hopeful, but it did hold an excitement that Mistress Ardith was sorry to disillusion.
No, my love, he wrote that his liege needed him elsewhere. He had sent his most trusted man to escort you to his home. No name was mentioned but from his manner, Mistress Ardith paused, a flush of remembered irritation staining her cheeks, which is very high handed, I believe he must be Finan of Gournay. He is in charge of Lord Valreks army and is known to be a good friend to Lord Rafe.
Adele did not seem at all cast down by the news that her betrothed had not come to escort her to his home, but she did seem perplexed about something. For several seconds she grappled with the problem in silence, and then turned her dark blue eyes upon Mistress Ardith, frowning slightly.  
But it is yet some months to the day of the wedding. 
Mistress Ardith wondered whether or not to disclose the reason for this sudden haste to her charge, but decided that no good could come of telling her that Lord Rafe was afraid that certain unsavoury elements would try to harm her if at all possible.
Maybe he wishes you to be settled in his home before you are married, she answered gently.
Although Adeles expression did not alter, Mistress Ardith was fully aware that she had received, and discarded, this explanation, giving it the barest minimum of her attention.  
When shall I leave?
Tomorrow morning, child. Mistress Ardith hesitated and rose from the bed. You must sleep now, for you have along day before you.
At the door Mistress Ardith looked again to her charge. Adele had turned upon her side, curling up a little, one hand tucked under her pillow and the other folded beneath her chin.
She looked so young and vulnerable, Mistress Ardith hoped she would find Finan of Gournay unfriendly and imposing, not someone she found it easy to converse with, for that would be dangerous. She closed the door noiselessly and made her way to the sanctity of her own chamber.  
Mistress Ardith had never married and therefore had never borne children. Yet she loved Lady Adele with all the maternal instincts in her soul, and as she herself climbed into bed, it was to dampen her pillow with tears of parting.  
Of all things she prayed that Lord Rafe was a good man who would be kind in all his dealings with Adele. She was only too aware that love was an emotion of degrees. At its strongest love was an ecstatic feeling of completeness, but kindness, thoughtfulness, and gentleness would inspire in any heart the somewhat softer stirrings of love. While not ecstatic the gentle feelings of respect and regard were enough upon which to build a successful marriage. If Lord Rafe were to express kindness and to be gentle with her, Mistress Ardith believed that Adele would be sedately happy.

-------

It did not occur to Mistress Ardith that Lady Adele might also be wakeful and musing along similar lines of thought.  However Adele was indeed awake, laying upon her back and staring into the blackness of her room. The moonlight shining through the slit in the wall illuminated her bedchamber, revealing the faint outline of a large chest that stood at the foot of the bed and the table set close to the hearth.
Although the thoughts that were running around her head were many and varied, one emotion was conspicuous by its absence. Lady Adele did not feel disgruntled; she had not taken offence at Lord Rafes refusal to escort her to his home in person.
The chief reason for this lack of pique was that Lady Adele had always thought Lord Rafe to be kind. He need not have had much interaction with her until their wedding day, but he had always been kind and generous. Often he had sent some small gift; in her younger years dolls and other toys, and as she had grown, embroidered fabrics, furs, and jewelled trinkets.
At first she had imaged the gifts to have been sent by his father. As she had grown older and re-read his letters she had known, had guessed, that they were not the correspondence of a man, but rather those of a boy. She had kept every missive Lord Rafe had sent to be read over and over that she might build up some picture of him in her mind.
 Lord Rafe, however, had been content to let her think that his gifts were sent by his father, and she had not revealed her new found knowledge.
And so it occurred that Lady Adele was disposed to think well of Lord Rafe. She did not think it very likely that she would fall in love with him any more than she thought it likely he would fall in love with her. She was certain that she would like him very well and that they would find married life peaceful and agreeable. Though they might not experience a feeling of violent affection for one another, neither would their marriage ever be rocked by the turbulent storms of impassioned arguing.
Long ago Adele had decided that Lord Rafe must be a rather shy man. After all, he had showered generosity upon her and yet had been reluctant to let her know of his kindness, preferring her to ascribe all to his father.  She knew him to be thoughtful for the things he had sent her had been chosen with the utmost care that they might delight her. And she knew he must be very kind, for he had known that these gifts had reassured her, telling her that she was not forgotten, but rather cared for, not as a chore, not an uncomfortable responsibility, but as someone loved and already cherished.
Yes, Lady Adele snuggled down further beneath the bedclothes, Lord Rafe would be slight but tall she fancied, very quiet and his bearing would be a little unsure. That was probably why he had not come himself, because of a feeling of bashfulness. Adele found this rather endearing, in the same way she would have found a kitten endearing.  She would, she decided, take great pains to see that Lord Rafe felt easy around her. Mistress Ardith always said that it was a wifes duty to see that her husband was at ease and comfortable. Adeles thoughts paused and she felt a sudden need to blink back tears.
Mistress Ardith 
Tomorrow she would leave Mistress Ardith and this place, perhaps she would never again see the people ensconced within its walls.
Strange, she had always known that this time would come, had that not been why the ladies here had spent every hour of every day instructing her? Yet she had always dwelt upon the pleasant aspects of her new life; of Valrek, of Lord Rafe, of family
 Not that the ladies here had not been a family to her, but somehow she expected something more from her husbands family. Although what more they could give her she did not know.
She had never thought about leaving the ladies of the fort before. Her mind had rebelled against thinking about all that she would lose on becoming Lady Valrek, flatly refusing to weigh all in the balance lest she discover that the answer was not one she could contemplate.
She knew nothing outside of the fort. Her life was contained within; here she was sure of love, of friendship, of being with people that she cared for in return. It was all very well to think of meeting Lord Rafes mother, sisters, and father; but what more could they be to her than Mistress Ardith, Mistress Claire, or Mistress Kathryn? They had been the ones to comfort her through the tears of childhood, and guide her through the bewildering times of girlhood. They had invested her with confidence in her own capabilities and a calmness of mind to carry her through womanhood.
Adele felt, for the first time, the full force of what leaving would mean to her. For an entire minute she was on the brink of mutiny, until her eyes chanced upon the wooden chest on the table across the room. The soft light coming through the narrow window was reflected on the polished wood and it glowed with soft luminosity.
It was the chest that contained Lord Rafes letters.  Adele slipped from the bed. The stone floor was cold and she ran across it with light footsteps, taking the chest in her hands, and retreating back to the warm comfort of her bed once more.  Pulling the soft furs around her to shut out the cold, she ran her fingers over the smooth wood. The grain of the wood varied beneath her fingertips, and she opened the lid and withdrew one of the parchments from within.
If Finan had been present he would have seen a marked difference in the letters that Lord Rafe had sent to Lady Adele. They had been treasured and bore every sign of the eagerness with which she had devoured them. Adele could have recited every word from memory.
It was fortunate that Rafe was unaware of this, for it would have unsettled him horribly to have known.  Adele unrolled the parchment and gazed at it, although in the darkness it was not possible to see any of the words that were written upon it.
Lord Rafe was a kind, generous man. In her hour of need his family had been there to rescue her, and in the years that followed their betrothal it had been he that had provided for her and kept her safe. He had waited sixteen years for her that he might honour his promise. After all he had given she could not withdraw, for he had her promise too.

------

For Lord Rafe too it was a wakeful night as he considered the information Mistress Ardith had given him. Lady Adele would have been very surprised to see a great deal of impatient irritation in his face, for she had certainly never bequeathed her gentle, nervous image of him with such an emotion.
What, questioned Rafe, had he ever done to deserve this? In his minds eye he saw torrential tears flooding from his brides eyes because he had come home late or failed to notice some addition to her appearance. He had no time for such purposeless self-indulgence.
He did not like to think that he might make her unhappy, but he had never had any time for the ridiculous passions of some of the ladies that he had on occasion observed.  His sisters were different, they saw no slight if one preferred to linger with the men than be punctual to a meal. If you didnt notice immediately that they had arranged their hair differently they did not, as he had seen many a lady do, weep and condemn you as cold hearted and themselves as unloved chattels.
Finan was in the right of it, he had always viewed women as a trouble he didnt need, but here he was saddled with not one but two!
Rafe groaned silently. Yes, now he had the added delight of dragging Lady Adeles companion along with them.  
How could he have forgotten she would need one? 
As if all this were not enough, it seemed that the woman he was to take as his wife was one more difficult than all the rest; a shrinking violet who would probably dissolve into tears at sight of him.
What was he going to do with her?
He knew his own faults well enough to be certain that they would not deal well together. He had never been terribly successful at curbing either his impatience or his temper, and when in a good mood he was often filled with an exuberance that would no doubt alarm his milk and water bride.  He turned on to his side on the narrow bed, as if the movement would shut out such thoughts.  
Lady Adele was his bride, it mattered not if the arrangement suited. Nothing would change the fact that they were bound together; he might as well accept it.  He was dissatisfied; with Lady Adele, Mistress Ardith, Lord Targhe, but mostly with himself. He had always thought he was equal to anything, and yet here he found himself so very close to punishing his bride for something that was not her fault, for a tragedy in her past and for the person she could not help but be.
What sort of a man did that?

Chapter Four


Rafe fidgeted impatiently by the fire in the sitting room that he and Mistress Ardith had occupied the day before. He had hoped to be away from this place quickly, but Mistress Ardith had refused first to wake Lady Adele at so early an hour, and secondly to send her on her way at the coldest part of the morning.
His patience, never very lasting, was wearing increasingly thin. As he moved from standing to sitting position for perhaps the hundredth time, it occurred to him that he wasnt handling the situation very well.
Truth be told he was in the grip of such conflicting emotions he felt a little confused. First among these feelings was expectation; that finally he was to meet Adele. This sensation was closely followed by dread that she would be just as he imagined her to be, and last was a rather wild thought of escape.  
It didnt occur to him that he should feel impelled to present her with a favourable impression of himself, but he was conscious of a wish not to frighten her.  So it happened that when Mistress Ardith finally deigned to bring Adele before him, he did not rise from his chair, thinking that his size might cause her some alarm.  
She was small, thought not as small as Mistress Ardith, in fact compared to Mistress Ardith she was quite a head taller. She had her eyes meekly cast down displaying the longest, thickest lashes he had ever seen, but then he was not given to noticing such things normally. Her hands were loosely clasped in front of her, and she had a thick plait of mousy brown hair hanging over one shoulder that reached past her waist. She looked terribly young; her skin was white and smooth with delicately coloured cheeks, the curves of her face almost childlike in their roundness. Rafe decided in those first few moments that her hair was probably not the only mousy thing about her.  
Adele rose from her curtsy and looked up, she had expected to find him standing before her but he had remained seated in the chair by the fire. For a few seconds she thought that everything about him was black; from the hair on his head and the dark eyes raking over her, to the black frown on his brow.  
Rafe saw the flicker of surprise in her eyes and mistook it for fear. He had been making as if to rise, but at this sign of distress his movements slowed and he felt a surge of compassion drown out his impatience momentarily. The poor girl this must be alarmingly new for her.  
Lady Adele, this is Finan of Gournay. 
Rafes eyes jerked sharply in Mistress Ardiths direction, but he said nothing. She must think him someone he was not, it might as well be Finan as anyone. He bowed slightly but Adele neither replied nor moved. Her blue eyes, open rather wide, were fixed upon him in a blink-less stare. Rafes irritation flashed up again for she was just as he had expected her to be; a scared little milksop.
Adele had been thinking how very tall Finan of Gournay was when she saw the irritation and scorn enter his face. She wondered what she could possibly have done to incur such feelings in him, for surely she was nothing to him but a package to be delivered to his lord.
She turned a little hesitantly to Mistress Ardith.  
Sit down, my love, reassured Mistress Ardith, gently directing her to the seat across from Rafes by the fire.  
Adele did as she was told, the soft fabric of her dress making a whispering noise as she crossed the room and seated herself in the chair. When she looked up she surprised a look of disdain in Finan of Gournays face, and lowered her eyes quickly that he should not see the sharp stab of anger that welled in their depths.
Rafe watched her lower her head and a faint flush of colour stain her cheeks, his lips twitching into a mirthless smile. Her show of confusion irritated him.  
I see that you are correct, Mistress Ardith, for you did say that she had been delicately brought up, did you not? asked Rafe.
Although there was nothing in the words themselves that conveyed his sarcastic displeasure, it was there somewhere in the timbre of his voice.  
So that was it!
Finan of Gournay took her for a spineless fool and did not seem to be taking any pains to hide his disgust. For a second her hands clenched into fists where they lay in her lap, but then loosened off again as the flash of anger she had experienced ebbed. Who cared whether Finan of Gournay thought her a wilted flower? It mattered naught to her.
With this decided she began to inspect him surreptitiously from beneath her lashes, deriving an odd sort of amusement from the way the opinion he had of her had put him in a mood of the foulest sort.
He was a well looking man, Adele conceded, and in his favour he lacked the customary arrogant pride that came with such handsome looks. In truth he seemed unconscious of his good fortune. He had faint lines around his eyes, suggesting that in general he was good humoured. All in all his face was, she thought, very expressive. Its well constructed features constantly adjusted in response to the things occurring around him. About him there was an aura of impatient tension and, she decided, he was probably decisive.  
He had been conversing with Mistress Ardith and she had not been following the thread of their discussion, but now his attention was again directed at her. She was so startled by his thorough, almost rude, inspection of her, that all she could do was stare up at him blankly.
Had she better not change for the journey?
His words, impersonal and cold as the frost, allayed any thought that his conduct toward her would soften as time went on.
She is ready, sir! replied Mistress Ardith tartly, thinking that it was not Finan of Gournays place to be thinking of Lady Adeles attire.
Rafe looked over his betrotheds apparel again, this time a little doubtfully. Her dress was the colour of primroses, soft and pretty, ridiculous in the depths of winter. He found himself rather liking the bright colour, and thinking that it would be nice to see her flitting like a sunbeam around the wintry Valrek.
Rafe was taken aback by the image, and felt very stupid for conceiving such a foolish notion. He shook his head, surprised at his own thoughts. As if Valrek was not made bright and gay enough by his mother and sisters.
Tis sure to be mudded, he warned at length.
Mudded? asked Mistress Ardith.
Yes, the heat of horse flesh against her will keep her warm, but the journey will be long and muddy in places. A sudden look of foreboding entered his eyes. She can ride? 
I dare say she could if she had the opportunity, replied Mistress Ardith with dignity.
Rafes eyes narrowed in thought.
Then she will have to be led. He shrugged. Either way she must be dressed appropriately.
For a second Mistress Ardith was frigidly silent. It was only the thought that Adele might take ill if she were not well wrapped up, that caused her to send her charge to change.  When Adele next entered the room her dress had been replaced with something much warmer and of a more sober dark blue. Rafe thought it was woollen but did not intend to get close enough to find out for sure. He also noticed that she brought with her another young lady.
She was very beautiful, as striking as Adele was subtle. Her hair long and curling, and was caught back from her face to hang down her back. Her red lips were full, and her eyes glittered with liveliness.
At first glance she totally eclipsed Adele with her brilliance. Yet after a second and third it was strange how he found his gaze drifting back to the calmness of Adeles face, almost as though mesmerised.
This is Eda of Mulland, Lady Adeles companion. 
The young woman curtsied, and as she rose again Rafe noted she was taller than Adele.
Adele was watching him closely; she knew that Eda was beautiful, and was curious as to how he would react to such loveliness. He hardly seemed to notice, instead he turned a considering stare on her friend. Adele thought he might have used the same calculating inspection when weighing up the points of a horse. Some similar notion must have crossed Edas mind, because Adele could see indignation in her friends face.  
Very well, I shall take her too.
It was bad choice of words Rafe realised belatedly, as the women gathered turned to stare at him in varying amounts of surprise or offence. He had meant that she seemed fit enough to take the journey, but he could not deny that he had phrased it badly.
He ran a finger over the rough edge of his leather belt, feeling like some errant boy and wondering what it was about women that made him so ill at ease. He supposed it must be because one could never be blunt with them, as was evident by the situation in which he now found himself. The same words as he had said to the ladies, would have caused no such outrage if spoken to a man. A man, Rafe reflected, would not have searched his words for a reason to take offence as women seemed prone to.
The fingers of his left hand tugged at the leather tassels on his belt betraying his discomfort. The ladies were still looking at him as though expecting him to speak again.
Rafe clamped his mouth firmly closed. If he attempted to explain he would only succeed in making himself appear foolish. He knew only too well that in trying to make this better he would only succeed in making it much worse.  Mistress Ardith seemed to realise that no apology would be forthcoming and glared at him ever harder. Rafe wasnt moved; he turned a little, studiously avoiding her gaze.  
Come girls, tis time to make your farewells. 
The sound of her herding Lady Adele and Lady Eda from the room was more welcome than the sound of an enemys retreat, and Rafe heaved a heartfelt sigh.  Things, he felt, could only improve.

------

Lady Adele and Lady Eda wasted a great deal of time in saying goodbye. It was an experience that Rafe could only think of as trying, and he had to exercise huge self control as the ladies embraced and then embraced again. They had gathered in the small courtyard to say their farewells, and Rafe spent his time slowly turning the grass beneath his feet to mud. He watered the horses at a large granite trough and, as they drank, took note of a small orchard just visible between a gap in the buildings.
He had been surprised by the tears that Mistress Ardith shed. He had not expected anything else from Adele; she was probably crying as much out of fear as for the actual pain of parting. Yet Mistress Ardiths show of emotion had astonished him, and he began to wonder if he were being too hard on Adele after all.
Several other ladies had surfaced to embrace Adele and Eda in turn, cautioning them that they should never sleep in damp sheets, always to brush their hair a hundred times, and to never eat cheese before sleeping, along with many other things in much the same style. Waiting had never been a strong suit of Rafes and he was relieved when finally they were ready to mount. 
Adele stared at the large horse before her, her eyes running over its great muscular frame. How was she supposed to sit atop that?
Rafe watched the dubious expression cross her face and realised he would have to help her mount. He tied the rein around a stake and smoothed his hand over the velvet muzzle of the grey horse as he passed.
Quiet, Charger.
The horse heard the command in his voice and was immediately obediently still.
All of this Adele watched uncertainly as he advanced on her, put his hands to her waist, and tossed her onto the quiet horse, throwing Eda up behind her. He did not linger at the task but was, at the next second, seated upon his own mount.  
It was strange to feel the powerful beast so tame and gentle beneath her. It struck Adele that she should be anxious and frightened, but Eda was a comforting presence behind her.  Gradually she relaxed as Rafe took the rein and led them through the forts gates and down the steep track that stretched down the hill. Adele and Eda continued to wave to the ladies of the fort until they were lost from sight.  
It occurred to Adele that he was still angry, he had not addressed a word more than was absolutely necessary to them. She decided that she didnt care, it was rather amusing to watch him labouring under such chagrin. Besides how could she be bad tempered when finally she was free of the solid and confining walls of the fort?
Not that she hadnt been happy there for she had enjoyed love and protection all the time she had been sheltered within its walls. Yet she had always seen her time there as a kind of limbo; a prelude to her life, a life she was waiting to begin.  
And now finally it had!
They passed through the village and picked their way through the patchwork of fields that surrounded it. 
How many times had she viewed these fields from the fort?
She knew their every line and curve, but never walked through them, never felt the flax heads beneath her fingertips, or brushing against her dress. It was something she had often imagined; how would it feel to push her way through the tangled wildflowers? If she had concentrated hard enough, she had almost been able to imagine the sensation; the drag against her skirts, the fragrant embrace of earth, moss, and sunshine.
She smiled at her own whimsical thoughts: to be thinking of wildflowers when the earth was covered with a light frost and her breath was as little white clouds on the cold air. She turned a little to address some passing comment to Eda, and was just in time to see her friend wipe a surreptitious tear from her eye.
Adele looked away, feeling the sudden plummeting of her spirits. How could she have been thinking about walking through fields of flowers when she might have known Eda was unhappy? She thought of Randwulf, of Eda leaving him and everything she had ever known at the fort, to come as her companion to Valrek.
Had she even had much choice?
No, Adele didnt think Eda could have had much of a choice about anything that had happened in her life from the moment her father, a widowed Creole, had left her as a child with the ladies at the fort.
Adele remembered clearly Edas arrival; the tearstained face and beautiful black hair that had curled over her shoulders in riotous disorder. Mistress Ardith had said that such an unruly tangle did not belong on a childs head, but she had never cut its luxuriant length.
Adele berated herself silently. Last night she had lain in her bed and felt the unhappiness that leaving the fort would bring to her envelope her in a cold grip. She had felt the anguish of parting, the uncertainty of the future, and it had scared and upset her. How much more must Eda be feeling when she was leaving her heart behind?
 It was too awful.  
Adele looked at the man riding silently before her. He was easy in the saddle, moving effortlessly with the black horse. In fact, with a black cloak wrapped around him and covering part of his mount, they almost looked as though they were part of each other. As she watched, the horse whinnied and he leaned over to pat its neck.
Steady you brute. His voice was gentle, belying the harshness of the words.
For the first time Lady Adele felt slighted, that he should  accord his horse more civility than her. For some seconds she was submerged beneath a wave of mutiny, but resurfaced with the thought that he had probably known his horse longer. This observation struck her as amusing, and she promptly forgot that she was not in the best of humours with him.  
Of all this, of course, Lord Rafe was in ignorance. He had noticed neither the scenery or the changing moods of his companions, engrossed as he was in his own thoughts. Chief among these was the conviction that it was going to be a long journey home. At least the ladies seemed content to spend it in silence, and werent forever talking of things he neither knew, nor wished to know, anything about.
It might not be too bad after all. Valrek was only a matter of a few days away and then he could be rid of them. His mother would 
Great goodness, what was he thinking! 
He was supposed to be using this time to get to know his future wife, not counting down the seconds to the time when he could pass her on to his mother.
Be rid of her indeed!
That was the one thing he would never be able to do, and if he didnt want to make his position untenable he had better stop ignoring her.
Are you comfortable? Rafe reined in a little so that their horse came abreast of his.
Eda turned away abruptly, hiding her tears that what little dignity she had left to her might remain intact. Rafe was surprised by the rebuff and jerked his head around to Adele. Her blue eyes had dilated, and she nodded her head slowly in reply. Inwardly he cursed her insipidity but, bridling his impatience, he tried again.
The first time you ride can leave you aching. 
Adele did not reply, but her dark blue eyes fixed upon him quizzically. He found himself strangely unsettled by their steady, wide eyed stare.  
Tis possible that I will ache later. For now Im only pleased to share his warmth, and Eda has ridden before. 
It was, Rafe realised, the first time he had heard her speak. Her voice was quiet and a little husky, the sort of voice with which to whisper an endearment, it was somehow caressing.  She seemed to hesitate.
Why do you call him Charger? she asked eventually, nodding to the horse.
Hes a war horse, answered Rafe, one of several belonging to Lord Rafe. Charger is the calmest, placid for want of a better word. He would carry you through the heaviest of fighting at a charge, and he would not panic or flinch.
I see, and what is the name of your horse? 
Rafe smiled, leaning forward to pat the great muscled neck of the huge animal again.
Valiant; he has more courage than sense.
Charger and Valiant, and what may I call you? Finan?  
If that is what you wish, my lady.
Rafes hand tightened on his rein and Valiant jibbed. He had been quite comfortable talking with her, but her words called to mind his deception. 
He hadnt expected to feel bad about it, so... deceitful.
Finan Finan Adele tested the name, rolling it around her mouth with a frown of concentration. Fin-an Finn! She turned to him, fixing him with her huge eyes. Can I call you Finn? Tis more friendly than Finan.
If you wish, my lady, answered Rafe, his voice was stiff, and he moved restlessly on his mount.
Adele turned away seeming almost chastised by his unfriendliness.
Rafe could have cursed in his vexation. Finally she had seemed a little more lucid, even sensible, which had surprised him. With one slightly sharp reply he had put an end to her friendly manner and she had curled away within herself. Now she was studiously avoiding so much as glancing in his direction.
As for her companion, although she had refused to speak to him it seemed she had listened to the interchange between himself and her mistress. She regarded him with a baleful stare, as though cursing him for his rudeness.  He felt suddenly horribly at fault, a need to explain himself. It hadnt been that he was annoyed with her, in fact it was quite the reverse and he was angry with himself. She had called him Finan, Finn, bestowing upon him trust and a tentative friendship. Suddenly he had seen that his father was right: he could not win her trust only to destroy it with a petty deception.
How he had thought such a course as he had embarked upon a good idea he could not now recall. How had he not seen the pit falls? No, that wasnt quite correct; he had seen the pit falls but had thought the means necessary to the end.  Now the problem was how to tell her the truth. He had not told anyone that he was Finan of Gournay; Mistress Ardith had assumed that herself and Lady Adele had not asked for verification, but he still felt guilty.
He had to tell her who he was before it appeared that he had tried to hide it from her. Concealing the truth from Mistress Ardith, he was sure she would forgive. However, he doubted she would be as understanding if it transpired that he had deceived her.  Still he hesitated. It was ridiculous, he had to tell her and now.
The trouble was in finding a way, the right words, perhaps
You know Lord Rafe well?
Rafe bit back an impatient curse; did she have to ask that just then?
But of course you do; Mistress Ardith said that you were one of his most trusted friends, continued Adele. Perhaps she was mistaken?
Adele observed that he had declined to answer any of her questions.  She was beginning to lose her temper; she didnt know why he was being so unpleasant. Obviously he didnt like her, and that was his right in the sanctity of his own mind, but surely it was not his place to make it so obvious? Adele began to hope that Mistress Ardith was wrong and that Finan of Gournay was not a friend of Lord Rafe.
Illumination broke like a sunrise in Adeles mind. Of course he was not! It was merely that Finan of Gournays bluntness overrode Lord Rafes gentle nature. Well no matter what his thoughts on her where, she was determined not to be ignored.  
Finn?
Rafe grappled mightily within himself. He could tell her, but what would her reaction be? His rather too fertile imagination supplied him with all manner of hideous images, all of which were variations on one theme; that she would cry. 
If there was one thing Rafe could not stand it was a crying woman. They made him dreadfully uncomfortable purely because he hadnt the slightest idea what to do with them, or how he was supposed to give them comfort. And if it was not his duty to give them comfort then their tears grated even heavier on his nerves.
It could be said that I know him better than anyone, replied Rafe giving in with a sigh.
But I never knew he was such a coward before! He added privately to himself.
He would tell her the moment they gained his border. That way, when she indulged in the inevitable bout of tears, his mother and sisters would be on hand and he could disappear; hed gotten rather good at it. 
Goodness only knew where this course would take him, but as he had already begun upon it and was now committed, there could be no turning back. He waited for Adele to ask yet another question that, though not lying, he would intentionally answer misleadingly. She said nothing, seeming somehow appeased now that she had managed to force an answer from him. Only he knew how damaging that answer could prove to be for them both.

Chapter Five


Rafe reined in as dusk approached at a place he thought suitable for camp. Having hobbled his horse, he approached Lady Adele and Eda with the obvious intention of helping them to dismount.
Had we best not continue? Adele looked up at the darkening sky. It will be night soon and we have not arrived at our lodging place. Is it far from here? 
Rafe gazed up at her in faint amusement.  
We have arrived, Lady Adele, he answered, reaching up and lifting her with an ease she found she rather liked before depositing her gently on the floor and turning to lift Eda off after her. Adele was grateful for the care with which he had set her down, for her feet were numbed with cold and even standing was uncomfortable.
She looked around, taking in the huge trees that were nothing more than dark shadows against the sky, and the small clearing. She could see no habitation and, although sheltered, Adele was conscious of the cold seeping through her clothes.  She pulled her cloak around her more closely.
I dont see a dwelling, she observed.  
Rafe laughed, an explosion of sound that made her jump, she felt Eda grip her arm with a start.
Do you not, my lady? he asked quizzically. Yet we have wooden walls and a roof of stars and, if my lady will wait but a moment, we shall have a fire to warm us too! He was smiling again as he looked down upon her, teasing her for her lack of understanding. Her eyes, calm and clear, regarded him steadily.
You mean we are to sleep outside. 
Correct. Despite Rafes smile he had been nervous, thinking that she might indulge in hysterics, her calm acceptance was a blessed relief.
Outside! Eda looked over her shoulder and all around. We cannot, you cannot expect us to!
Rafe began to drag wood together, ignoring Edas outburst.
It will be fine, Eda. Adeles voice was comforting.  She was sitting on the blanket Rafe had taken from the horse, her cloak folded tightly around her. Her voice seemed to calm her friend a little.
But Adele!
It will be fine, Eda, can you not see that Finn is making a fire for us?
Eda drifted over to where Adele was sitting and slipped her hand into her friends, squeezing it slightly.  
Just think, Eda, what an adventure it will be!
A very cold adventure, muttered Eda with a sniff.  Adele smiled softly bringing Edas hand to her cheek and resting her face against it.
Rafe watched them out of the corner of his eye as he carefully coaxed a flame to the wood, feeding it until he had a roaring fire. With a sigh of relief he realised that neither lady was going to indulge in tears.
Eda moved towards the flames instantly, drawn by the promise of warmth. Adele hung back, still sitting on the blanket he had removed from Charger, watching in growing admiration as, under his ministrations, the fire took hold, casting a warm light over his features.  
A smile played about the corners of his mouth, softening the harshness that she viewed as habitual but which in truth had only plagued him for the last few days. He was, she could see, enjoying the task and, in return, the chore seemed to be melting the tension from him. 
He sat staring into the flames for a long while after he had finished building the fire up. It was as though he had forgotten them, his task, even their surroundings.
Somewhere the branch of a tree cracked, and Adele saw his head jerk up sharply, eyes probing the darkness. Tension spread through every line of his body. He turned and saw Adele regarding him, wide eyed and unperturbed.  
You must be hungry both of you. He stood abruptly, moving to where he had left his saddle and brought it over to the fire.
Adele watched as he opened the provisions that had been strapped to it. There was rye bread and cheese, chicken that was cooked, and a parcel of pork chunks that was not. As he open this last package the aroma of spices filled the air.  
Those provisions are from the fort! Edas voice betrayed her surprise.
Yes, one of the ladies, I assume she was the cook, was kind enough to provide me with them.
Rafe watched in horror as Edas eyes filled with tears and he turned panicked to Adele. Her large eyes were also glistening, though she resolutely blinked the tears away.  Mistress Kathryn; she always adds those spices to pork, tis my favourite.
Rafe saw nothing in that fact to weep over. Looking down at the parcel of meat he suggested that they might like some.  
But how will you cook it? asked Eda. 
 Rafe grinned and pulled a few sticks from the bundle he had collected for the fire. Pulling out his knife he chose two that branched in to a V and cut these to appropriate lengths. Pushing the wood into the earth at opposite sides of the fire, he took another stick, long enough to reach over the fire and rest in the first two sticks. Sharpening one end to a point with his knife, he pushed some of the chunks of meat on to it and forced them along its length.  
It will take a while to cook, but in the mean time there is the bread, chicken and cheese.
The cheese was formed into a large round. Rafe held the blade of his knife amidst the flames for a moment and, after letting it cool, cut off a sizable piece and held it out to Adele. She was still sitting on Chargers blanket some way from the fire and on seeing this Rafe frowned.
You should come closer to the flames, you shall freeze over there.
Im fine, murmured Adele, but Rafe had placed the food back on the cloth and was moving toward her.  
Come, you should be nearer the warmth. 
Adele tried to object as Rafe took hold of her arm. His hand was warm, burning through the fabric of her dress, and Adele suddenly realised just how chilled she was.
  You foolish girl! he exclaimed, making as if to pull her upright.
No, please!
Eda grasped his arm and tried to pull him away.
Leave her be, let go you brute!
What the Rafe paused looking down at Edas flushed face as she clung to his arm like an enraged kitten.  
Eda, stop, let him go, Adele reproved, laughing at the sight of her friends slight form cleaving to Rafe but having no discernible effect. Her face tilted upward, and her eyes fixed on his with an apologetic gleam in their depths.  
We agreed, did we not, that I would be stiff tonight? 
Understanding flooded through his mind, and he crouched down beside her.
Is it bad?
I think tis only that I am cold
Rafe passed an arm around her shoulders and, with a challenging look toward a glowering Eda, took Adeles hand in his free one. Adele had some vague notion that she should feel uncomfortable having him handle her so, but Rafes attitude was aloof and impersonal. She had the feeling it was a task he had preformed many times before.  
Here, you had best lean on me.
Adele! Edas voice was agonized.
Eda, do be quiet; if you had any idea how battered I feel you would not be scolding me so.
Rafe heard her make no sound of protest as he eased her upright, but when he looked down it was to find that her bottom lip was clenched between her teeth and her eyes squeezed tightly shut.
Will you be alright? he asked presently.  
Adeles eyes fluttered open, dazzled for a moment by the fire light. She seemed surprised to see him, as though she had expected him to leave, not stay to hover over her anxiously.  She looked down to where he still held her hand enfolded loosely in his own. Rafe immediately let her go, turning to pick up the blanket she had been sitting on and placing it nearer to the fire.
Adele thanked him and sat down, reaching her cold fingers out toward the flames, smiling a little as Eda flopped down beside her, shooting a cross dagger glance at Rafe. Rafe had retreated to his own place, holding out the bread and cheese to Adele again.
It seems to me that you have done this before.
You mean setting up camp?
Twas more the looking after troublesome novices like myself that I was thinking of. She smiled softly.  
Many is the lad who wished he had stuck to farming after a hard days march, answered Rafe with a shrug. I have seen none that handled their discomfort better than you; it takes a brave soul to suffer in silence.
Eda looked slightly mollified at this utterance in praise of her friend, and Adele flushed with pleasure. Rafe found himself thinking that, after all, he might grow to like this strange girl-bride of his.
He reached out, taking the meat from off the fire. Its savoury smell reminded him that he was still hungry. He wrapped a piece in rye bread and held it out to Adele first, along with a wine skin. She accepted this last a little doubtfully, sipped it cautiously, and choked over the unfamiliar brew. Wrinkling her nose distastefully she handed it back to him before remarking that the pork tasted even better cooked over the camp fire.
Tis the cold and being hungry, answered Rafe, passing a tasty morsel to Eda. It makes you appreciate comfort more when tis your good fortune to receive some.
 You speak from experience.
A statement not a question, said in that quiet husky voice of hers whilst her eyes fixed him in their peaceful gaze.  
I have spent much of my life in army camps, I cannot begin to tell you the wonder a proper bed holds for me! grinned Rafe ruefully, stirring the fire with a stick.
How long? asked Eda.
Strangely he didnt feel threatened by the question; it seemed the natural progression of the conversation.  
Since I was twelve; I went into battle with my father, and I was more than grateful to have him by my side. Rafe dropped the stick and pulled up his knees, leaning his arms on top of them. tis a strange thing a battle, most especially your first. When you take part you think twill be glorious. You stand upon the battle lines viewing the magnificent ranks of your enemy, and you feel a strange fear mixed with elation, because it is the day you prove yourself a man and a warrior. Mail flashes in the sunlight, and you feel the nervous excitement of the unknown. Tis an uncivilised emotion that grips you; a kind of thrill.
He broke off, shaking his head in dissatisfaction. It was as if he could not find the words to express the sights, sounds, and feelings.  Adele felt that it had somehow become more than an explanation to him; that since he had begun, he felt a burning need to present a true picture, one without embellishment or omission.
You only feel it the once with that first battle, after that you are cured. His voice was bitter, his face strangely haggard and troubled. All too soon you see the hell of combat; men hacking grimly through the mess of soldiers, stumbling over the bodies of those who have fallen. There is a particular look in their eyes, no matter which side they fight for, of horror and pain a deadness. Too soon it becomes obvious that there is nothing romantic in the sorry sight. Victory, when finally attained, is not courageous. Its glory, that seemed so bright, is tarnished and dirtied with mud, sweat, and the blood of men that should have been counted too precious to be spilt so rashly.
He looked exhausted, thought Adele, as though somehow he were twelve years old again and looking at a battle field that had been burnt upon his childish soul, always to remain with him. A horror of youth lost and destroyed, an innocence that would never return.
Rafe told them no more. He told them nothing of the aftermath of battle which was, in its own way, just as horrific.  He did not tell them how he had sat down in the mud beside a friend of his boyhood, knowing that he was dying, watching him slip away, but having no power to change the fact. 
He had remained there, long after the boy had breathed his last, weary of soul and looking across the field of those slain.  He didnt tell them that it was there that his father had found him, so many hours later, as dusk had approached. Nor did he tell them how he had wept in his fathers arms, tears of bitter disillusionment and sorrow. He had realised it was a waste that would continue, an awful rite of war that would take place again, over and over.
Adele didnt press him to speak again. He was lost somewhere deep in his own unhappy thoughts, experiencing a pain of which she knew nothing. She felt sudden compassion for him, a wish to comfort that surprised her. Finan of Gournay, of all men, had not seemed to have any need of the more tender compassions of life.

Chapter Six


Rafe had not found it easy to go to sleep that night. In general it was not a problem for him. Years around a camp fire had provided him with the enviable ability of falling asleep with a rapidity that those who had not spent time on the march would have imagined impossible. In conflict he had soon learn to take his rest when, and however, he could.  
Tonight had been different. 
Although he had accepted that the images of his first battle, along with all those he had engaged in after, would be with him for the rest of his life, never had they been so vivid before or had he been so unsuccessful in blotting them out.
The night had been cold but he knew, even as he shot into a wakeful state, that it had not been the cold that pulled him from his uneasy slumber. The fire was burning low, but he was aware that any movement he made would be visible to those who lurked in the darkness outside the glow of light cast by the flames.
He lay still, knowing he had a choice to make. He could wait until the fire had burnt down to embers, but there was no saying that the shadowy assailants would wait that long to attack. Or he could drag Adele and Eda awake and make a run for the horses. His sword was at his side, along with his bow and spear; it was possible that they could make it.  
Possible but improbable. Although he knew the horses could not have wandered far, in the darkness there was little chance of finding them quickly. It seemed to him that the best option, as was so often the case, was to wait.
And so he waited and waited and waited a little longer, battling his impatience and feeling his grip on his restlessness slipping inch by inch. Finally he found himself wishing that they would attack just so the intolerable wait was over.
Adele? His voice was so soft he doubted it would wake her, but he dared not whisper any louder.  He knew her head to be resting on Chargers blanket just the other side of Valliants blanket where his own was pillowed.  After a moments hesitation he moved his hand along the ground towards hers. His actions were necessarily slow, so as not to be observed, and it seemed an eternity before his fingers came into contact with her warm hand.
Yet when he had hold of it he wasnt sure how to proceed. He wished to wake her up slowly so he could alert her to their predicament, not jerk her from sleep with a betraying start. He considered thoughtfully for a few moments and then turned her hand, palm uppermost, gently brushing his thumb over her soft skin. After a little while he felt her tug away sleepily, and tightened his hold in a warning pressure.
Be still, Adele! he whispered hoarsely.  
For a moment there was no answer, and then she returned the pressure of his grip.
Finn? Her voice was low and drowsy, lifting slightly at the end in inquiry.
Adele, when I tell you, I want you to run, as fast as you can into the forest are you listening to me? Stop for naught. 
Why, what is wrong?
Rafe wondered whether or not to tell her, what if she panicked? What if she screamed? He sighed knowing that he had no choice but to tell her.
We have been followed and in a while they will attack. I will hold them here while you try to escape. Twould be best if you could find at least one of the horses; Charger would be best but Valiant would do, both know the way to Valrek. Take both if you can, ride one whilst the other rests. Whatever you do, do not stop before you reach Valrek. Do you understand, Adele? If you stop you will not survive. 
He knew it was brutal to say it, that it did not inspire confidence, but she needed to understand that her life hung in the balance.  
Finn? What will you do? Suddenly Adele felt very alone and fearful at the thought that they might lose their guide.  
If I can I will come after you, but you are not to wait.
If I can.
You mean if they do not kill you? The question was simple, calm.
I do not know how many of them there are, Adele. At my best I could take no more than five, maybe one or two more if they are unskilled. Tis unlikely that there will be so few. 
Adeles hand trembled in his but her voice, as it floated over the space that separated them, was steady.  
Could you not run with us?
No.
And it was as simple as that. The plan had been formed, Adele knew it would prove pointless to argue with him. He was mad, he was foolish, and he was very, very brave. Perhaps there were some who would say it was his duty, but she saw the action for what it was and gave him his full due. She could not help but feel that so honourable a man should not die, and she closed her eyes to pray that this eventuality did not befall him. A tear slipped from beneath her tightly shut lids and she bit her lip.
Eda?
Rafe noted that Adeles voice was roughened slightly and he heard Eda moan softly.
Eda, be quiet and lay still!
There was a few seconds pause, and then Rafe heard Edas voice; bewildered and a little panicked.  
Adele, what ouch!
Eda, please be quiet, begged Adele.
You pinched me! Edas voice was confused and hurt.
Eda, please just listen; we have to run.
Run? Adele, tis the middle of the night!
I know tis the middle of the night, Eda, but... 
And where would we run to anyway? We are in the middle of nowhere.
Eda, please be silent and listen! Adeles voice held an authoritative note. When the signal comes we have to run in to the forest.
What signal? asked Eda more confused than ever.
You shall know when you hear it, replied Rafe.  
When the attack came it was sudden and loud. Adele felt that if she had been woken from sleep by it, she would have been too disorientated to move. She had been awake and tense, but not so tense as the man protecting them. Before the first shout had come to an end Rafe was upon his feet, sword in hand, and ready to meet the attack. 
Adele rose more slowly, hesitating as she saw his cloak on the floor, before picking up the heavy covering and securing it over her own. With a last look to where Rafe was wielding his sword at the first of the attackers, with all the pent up anger of his wait, she grabbed Edas hand and ran to the beckoning darkness of the forest.
The gloominess was frightening, closing over them with disorientating thickness. Behind her she could hear the sound of Eda crying hysterically, mixed in with the sounds of metal against metal and bloodcurdling shrieks.  
Rafe did not turn to see if the two girls had obeyed his instructions. With a soldiers sixth sense he knew they had gone. He wondered how far they would get before no, he would not even think that.
It was then that he heard the sound, familiar to every soldiers ear. The snorting of horses as they made a charge struck him with a feeling of ice cold dread. It made his plan to make a stand whilst Adele and Eda escaped untenable.  His sword crashed against that of his adversary and he pushed the blade aside, delivering a heavy blow to the mans jaw. The warrior pitched forward and lay immobile on the floor, but Rafe did not need to wait to see the outcome. Turning on his heel, he plunged into the darkness of the wood, and prayed that he would be able to find Adele before anything happened to her.
--------

Adele struggled along, the weight of the heavy fur lined cloaks hampering her progress greatly. She found that pulling Eda after her through the pitch darkness was no easy thing and she stumbled. It seemed to her that the weight of the cloaks would pull her over, but suddenly she found herself supported. The weight of the second cloak disappeared as Rafe unhooked it and pulled it round his own shoulders. He broke the frenzied grip of Edas hand on hers and, grasping each of them by the arm just above the elbow, made his way deeper in to the forest.
They plunged through the undergrowth for a long time, but suddenly Rafe stopped abruptly. Dragging Adele against him, he flung one arm around her shoulders pulling her toward him, and pressed his other hand over her mouth. Eda sank, a quivering mass of sobs, to the ground. Adeles back was to the tree, Rafes breathing heavy in her ear as he scanned the darkness over her shoulder.
For several seconds they stood tense in the gloom, then Rafe looked down into her upturned face. Her eyes were wide but still calm, and he became aware that his hand was pressed over her mouth still. With a whispered word of apology he released her, gesturing that she was to be silent.  He looked out again into the darkness, and whistled ever so softly. Adele listened in the silence that followed and heard nothing. She looked up at Rafe again but his face was thoughtful. After a moment he bent his head towards her and she flinched away a little. His grip tightened, he was so close she could feel the heat of his skin on the air between them.  
Stay here and keep quiet. He looked down at Eda where she huddled, still cowering, on the floor. Will she be silent? 
Adele discovered a lump in her throat that she was unable to swallow, so she nodded her head.
Then keep her so. He moved away from her and instinctively she reached out to stop him. He seemed surprised, and she released him hurriedly.  
Where are you going?
The horses.
The horses! Lord Rafe will not demand their safe return of you surely in a situation such as this? 
That is not do you wish to walk to Valrek?
Adele shook her head.
Then we will need the horses, for Ill not carry you! 
Rafe stepped away from her and she felt suddenly unsupported. As he disappeared into the darkness she felt a blush flood her cheeks. For several seconds, as he had bent his head so close to hers, she had thought well... imagined that he would 
He had been so close it had seemed as if his intention could only be to...
She blushed ever hotter and shook her head. Had he guessed at her thoughts? Did he know what she had supposed he had been going to do? She prayed not. Edas muffled sobbing broke in on her inner musings, and she sank to the ground. Passing an arm around her friends shoulders she drew Edas trembling form into her arms.
Tis alright, Eda.
Alright! Adele did you not see those men? They were trying to k-kill us! Edas voice trembled and she brushed a hand over her wet cheeks.
Adele rocked her back and forth slightly, and Edas weeping lessened a little. They were still sitting thus when Adele heard the snap of a twig. Her frightened eyes fell on the bow and arrows that Rafe had left behind, and she reached out, slipping an arrow against the bow string. Pulling the arrow back she pointed it in the general direction of the approaching sound. A dark shape became visible, moving towards them on horseback, and Adele closed her eyes, grit her teeth, and let the arrow fly. She still had her eyes closed when Rafe jerked her to her feet.
What the what did you think you were doing? he demanded. Do you know how close you came to finding your mark? He shook her roughly as if to drive home his point.
H-how?
Rafe made a curt gesture for silence and drew her toward the horse.
Just get on the horse, he whispered irritably.  He wrapped his arm around her waist, lifting her from her feet, and set her on Chargers back before turning to Eda. She staggered as he helped her upright and fell against him, trembling violently.
Tis alright now.
Eda sniffed and allowed him to lift her on to the horse.
It is?
All is well, assured Rafe.
Eda nodded and rested her head on Adeles shoulder.  
So you will believe him but not me when I tell you that all is taken care of? demanded Adele cajolingly. Eda snuggled her cheek against Adeles shoulder. 
Yes, she answered simply.
 
Chapter Seven


They rode through the trees until the grey light of dawn filtered through the bare branches and they came across a creek.  Eda sank to the floor, pillowing her head on her arms. Adele sagged against one of the large moss covered rocks and closed her eyes. She was tired, so weary that she felt she could sleep for days if given the chance, and every inch of her felt bruised. 
Rafe subjected them to careful scrutiny. Both women looked pale and fragile; he wondered how long they could take the pace before they started to weep and beg for it to stop. Adele opened her eyes suddenly, meeting his considering gaze and disconcerting him.
How many?
Rafe continued looking at her blankly.
I mean how many men were there?
I counted twelve. Rafe turned his face away from her probing stare, he did not wish to scare her with an estimation of those he had not seen.
She looked relieved at this evaluation.
Where did you learn to use a bow? asked Rafe suddenly. For Im certain that Mistress Ardith never taught you. 
Adeles face was innocent with no hint of guile as she answered him.
No, I do not suppose that Mistress Ardith has ever handled a bow.
No doubt you will tell me it was one of the other ladies at the fort.
Not if you will not believe it.
Rafes eyes narrowed, swift suspicion filling his mind. For a moment he said nothing more, but knelt on the grass beside the creek and scooped the ice cold water over his face and neck. He knew that her gaze was upon him, as gentle and unconcerned as it always was.
Looks can be deceiving can they not, Lady Adele?
She rubbed her hands together, trying to warm them.  
Tis not my fault that you conceived an erroneous opinion of me barely a second after our meeting, and without even waiting until I had spoken a word.
And your marksmanship?
For a moment he fancied that she hesitated.
Randwulf taught me.
Rafe felt a sudden and uncomfortable sensation in the pit of his stomach, caused by the ruthless removal of all his solid facts. It was disconcerting to have the image of Adeles spiritless character, and the so called seclusion of her life, ripped from his mind.  
And who is Randwulf?
A friend, smiled Adele softly, looking away.
A friend?
Eda struggled upright, listening to their conversation carefully. Adeles eyes smiled into hers, and Rafe was surprised by a vague idea that her gaze held reassurance.
A good friend, Adele answered quietly.  Rafe was surprised by an unaccountable dislike for the unknown Randwulf.
He had been annoyed by the disclosure that Adeles life had been so insular. However, the discovery that this was not so did little to quench his temper; if anything his anger seemed to burn ever more fiercely. He rubbed the tip of his cold nose and looked up at the top of the trees.
Why did you come with us?
Her words made no sense to Rafe and it was a moment before he answered.
You need me to protect you.
But you said that it was better for you to make a stand and not come with us.
That was before I heard the horses. Rafe glanced speculatively behind him in the direction that they had come.  
What is it, Finn? Is something wrong?
Nothing. His stormy gaze dropped to her again. We cannot rest here long, twould be best if you had a drink. He hunched his shoulders in the frosty air, rubbing his hands together.  Then, if you are ready, we should keep on moving. 
We have only just arrived! protested Eda. You cannot expect us to carry on like this; we need to rest!  
You can rest if you like, shrugged Rafe, but the horses and I move on in five minutes.
Eda gasped in surprise.
You swine! she choked.
Eda!
Well he is, making us sleep outside and dragging us through this horrid forest, which seems to be inhabited by people whose dearest desire is to kill us.
Eda, stop it.
Or at the very least if you must feel sorry for someone, feel sorry for the horses. They have as little rest as you do, but in between must carry your dead weight, reasoned Rafe.  
For a moment all was silent.
Are you suggesting that I am heavy? demanded Eda.  A sound suspiciously like a giggle broke from Adeles lips as Eda glared at him in indignation.
You deserved that, Eda. Adele pushed the tangle of curls back from her friends face. Come, stop this, tis of little help.
But, Adele, tis all so vile!
You have said that already, dear. Adele squeezed Edas shoulders.  So perhaps it is a little uncomfortable 
Eda snorted.
A little uncomfortable, repeated Adele reprovingly, but we are all experiencing the same discomfort and it cannot be helped. Let us not think, or talk, of it anymore. Eda sniffed and wiped the back of her hand over her cheeks.  
I do not believe that oaf could possibly be feeling it the same as I, mumbled Eda, her tone a little lighter.  
Rafe grunted. Adele shook her head at them both, and sank to her knees before the pool.  
I believe that we will find Finn to be true his word; youd best have a drink and a wash Eda. 
I do not think so; tis far too cold.
Eda!
Alright, alright, placated Eda, sitting next to her at the waters edge. I meant that of course there is nothing that I would like better than a wash in cold water in company with the dear little icebergs.
Adele laughed and flicked an infinitesimal drop of water up at her friend. Eda screamed and recoiled with a shudder, but she was laughing.
The water was cold, acknowledged Adele, but it quenched her thirst quickly. She pulled a handkerchief from the bodice of her dress, wetting it in the water and wiping her face. Rafe watched her, not out of admiration, although she did look appealing ensconced in the mossy bower, but with a kind of approval. It was the same approval that he would have shown to a foot soldier that had behaved well under duress.  
Adele did not look up but knew his gaze was upon her, she wondered what he was thinking. She didnt believe he was angry, there was no stiffness about him. However he was completely still and this, she already knew, was out of character for him. He was always restless, it was in the line of his body when he sat upon a horse and in the concise, blunt way he stated his thoughts.
What will we do? Adele asked, standing.  
Rafe turned and began to walk away, pondering the wisdom of telling her all.
How had it come to this? Hesitation was not an emotion he had previously experienced in such vast quantities, nor was it a feeling that he was fond of. He had allowed it free range in the uncertainty of his dealings with Adele, but no more. Adele was his bride and her life was also in the balance, therefore he must trust her. However, she was a female in his sole protection and undertaking an arduous journey. She did not need the complication of his fears. From now on he decided that those two thoughts were the only rules that would govern their relationship. He would tell her the facts, but his suppositions he would keep to himself.
Those following us will suppose that we will attempt to journey on to Valrek, if we were to try we would be most likely to fail. We will go to Merrodon; Lord Rafes army is there at present. It seems that we will need their protection as we travel home.
Adele noted the familiarity in his use of the word home and was envious of it. She had never felt that sense of belonging. The fort had been a place of refuge, a safe harbour until the day of her marriage, but it had never really been her home.  The ladies contained within its walls had been her friends, but there had always been the knowledge that it was not permanent and that one day she would leave them. Nothing had been constant for everything had been part of preparing her for departure, for becoming a Lady of Valrek.  
What is Valrek like, Finn? she questioned softly.
How do you mean?
Adele was thoughtful for a moment before shrugging her shoulders slightly.
Well what is the village like, the grounds? 
Rafe struggled, trying to decide what she would be most interested in. His interest lay in Valreks defences, in the strength of its fortifications, but Adele was unlikely to crave such descriptions.
The village is built upon a hill and is extensive. Tis surrounded by a wall, but there are gardens within and nearby there is a river; I used to play by it when I was a boy. 
We had apple trees at the fort. Adele braced her hand against his shoulder as he helped her to mount. In spring they were white with blossom, and when the petals fell it looked like falling snow. Her face broke into an appealing smile. They were excellent for climbing. Eda once slipped, and it was only the fortunate circumstance of her petticoats becoming caught in the branches that prohibited her from falling. Do you remember, Eda? You looked vastly amusing hanging upside down with your skirts covering your face! I had to run and fetch Mistress Odette to untangle her, and Mistress Ardith gave us such a scold. She said that it was not fitting behaviour for a lady to climb trees. After seeing poor Eda caught betwixt heaven and earth with her inexpressibles on display, I must own myself to be in agreement with her.
Adele was obliged to pause and lean over the horse with her hands pressed against the bodice of her dress as she laughed.  Eda shook her head, however, and regarding her friend indignantly, not amused by the recollection.
Rafe considered Adele silently from beneath lowered brows.
I fell from an oak tree once.
This admission took Adele somewhat by surprise. She had not thought that Rafe was attending or that, if he was, he had merely been suffering her conversation.  
Really, how old were you? She smiled placidly down at him. Twas not last sennight was it, Finn? 
Rafe grinned and set Eda behind her on the horse.  
I was eleven and there was a black birds nest in the aforementioned tree. Rafe mounted with an ease that Adele regarded enviously and then, touching Valliants flanks with his heels, urged the horse forwards. I would not have fallen but for F Rafe stopped abruptly.
How close he had come to giving himself away. He had been going to say that Finan had startled him. Even as he recoiled from the mistake he wished that he had made it.  
But what, Finn? asked Adele tentatively.  
My friend startled me and I lost my balance.
He could take no pleasure in sharing the anecdote now; somehow it too had become a half lie. 
 I hope you did not hurt yourself.
I broke my arm, he answered curtly. 
 Adele sighed; it seemed as though the conversation had finished, and who knew when he would deign to speak to her again.

------

Finan knew he ought to do something even as he stood speechless. His startled eyes met the similarly startled eyes of the man before him. He knew he had to think and act quickly, but his mind was blank. Every thought scurried away into the dark recesses of his brain, save for the one that told him he was in deep trouble.  
Finan! I thought, at least I was told, that Rafe was in here. Did I miss him? The young man looked over his shoulder as if he expected Lord Rafe to spring upon him from behind a bush. Finan opened his mouth but was obliged to close it again and swallow twice before he could reply.  
Lord Rafe was unable to come, Lord Leofric.
Unable to but one of the men told me he was in here. 
Finan found that after all it was possible to move his limbs, and directed Lord Leofric of Drogand to a chair.  
The young scoundrel; I dare say he thought it a grand jest to fool you so! smiled Finan with creditable ease. The surprise he had at first felt when seeing Leofric of Drogand lessened and he relaxed a little.
Lord Leofrics perturbed face lightened and he flung himself into the chair with a laugh.
I dare say he did. How did King Ine take Rafes delegation of duties?
King Ine is unaware of it, my lord, answered Finan.
Unaware, eh? I should think he is! grinned Lord Leofric.  And do not begin to worry that I shall tell, him for I shall not. He would listen to me anyway; nobody ever does! 
In this statement Lord Leofric did not do himself justice. He was some years younger than Lord Rafe and Finan, and had a levity of manner that some might say was inordinate. However, he could always be counted upon to act with wisdom no matter how tight the corner.
He did not have Rafes talent for diplomacy, having little time for the petty differences of others. Oftentimes he had remarked to Rafe that he could not understand how Rafe could stand his chosen task. He had often been heard to say when in a dispute himself, Rafe was more likely to come to blows than come to terms. It seemed to be an endless source of amusement to Leofric that Rafe had been given the task of intervening diplomatically on King Ines behalf.
In short Lord Rafe would have entrusted Leofric with all he possessed, and suffered no qualm as to the result of such an action. They had known each other from childhood, Lord Leofrics father having journeyed in Lord Valreks train to Calis in order to defeat Lord Targhe. Their fathers friendship had strengthened the bond the boys shared, and Finan had a great fondness for Leofric.
He had not, reflected Finan, changed so very much from those long ago days. Leofric was as easy going as ever he had been. Though he was not as handsome as Lord Rafe was held to be, his friendly face and ready humour made him just as popular.
So, what gives, eh?
A small matter that King Ine wishes to have dealt with, my lord.
Let be, Finan, protested Leofric. Need you fling my title in my face like an insult every other second? Tis not friendly and makes me feel as though I had vexed you somehow. 
Finan smiled and sat in the chair across from Lord Leofric.
What brings you here anyway, Fricka?
The anxiety disappeared from Leofrics face and he smiled.  
My father thought I might benefit from learning to dance the diplomatic. Leofric grimaced.  I did not want to disappoint him and besides; we three always manage to have a lark when we are together. I did not know then, of course, that Rafe had managed to duck out and left all to you. Where is he anyway?  He is not ill is he? Leofric straightened as he asked this last, real alarm and concern contorting his features.
No tis naught like that. Finan deliberated if he dared to confess his masters secret to Lord Leofric.  If Rafe had been present Finan was certain that he would have no scruple in confiding in him. Yet Finan could not. It was not a matter of trust, for Leofric was one of the most trustworthy men he knew. It was simply that it was not his secret to confide.
Tis a private matter that Lord Rafe wishes to attend to himself.
This statement could not but arouse Lord Leofrics curiosity. However, after some time had elapsed and Finan had not elaborated, Leofric realised that for some reason the subject was taboo.  Between two people who were not such good friends this fact might have occasioned some awkwardness, but Leofric understood Finan better than anyone else. He did not feel in any way slighted and was therefore not ill at ease.  
How long do you stay?
I know not, replied Finan with a shrug. The dispute between Lord Merrodon and Lord Coughly is petty, but they are intent upon forcing a quarrel upon each other and neither will budge.
There has never been trouble between them before, observed Leofric.
No, I am sure that even they cannot recall the cause for this sudden enmity, but the quarrel is fierce now. Finan stared moodily at the floor. He had spent a trying day sitting between two angry men who had, with every passing second, become more irate. Not that they hadnt listened to him with respect. They had believed him to be Lord Rafe after all, a circumstance that had proved even more detrimental to his peace of mind than he had supposed. That fact had not stopped them from pursuing a hostile course toward each other. Now, adding to his problems, here was Leofric. Their foster brother would no doubt be surprised to find that Finan of Gournay had become Lord Rafe of Valrek. After a moment of thought he decided that Leofrics natural dislike for anything to do with diplomacy would keep him from discovering the deceit.  
What will you do?
Finan shrugged.
I do not know; tis not my wish to threaten them with King Ines army if they find no solution themselves and desist from this ridiculous posturing, but what else can I do? King Ine wishes to put an end to any disputes in his realm before they turn into blood feuds. He remembers Calis still.
Finans voice was roughened with emotion. The battle of Calis was a memory that would remain etched painfully on his soul with the agony of all he had lost.  
We all do, replied Leofric softly, his voice conveying sympathetic reassurance.
Finan smiled vaguely.
As I recall you were barely crawling! 
That is not true! protested Leofric mock indignantly. I was almost five years old at the time. 
Finan smiled again and shook his head. For some time there was silence between the two men as each remembered the horror that had been the battle for Calis.  
My father said it was the worst battle in which he ever fought, murmured Leofric at length. So many men lost to both sides, such needless bloodshed. 
It could have been much worse, replied Finan with a raw undertone to his voice. Leofric heard it and compassion spilled over from his eyes. When Lord Targhe escaped from Calis back to his own lands there were those who wished to pursue him and carry the fight to his lands. They wished to bring Lord Targhe to justice for the slaughter on the House of Berron.
Tis a mercy that King Ine had sense enough to see that it would only have led to a lengthy and bloody war with King Aethelbald, thank goodness we were spared that! 
Finan heaved himself from his seat with a growl.  
Trust Lord Targhe to have had the forethought to align himself and his lands with King Aethelbald before embarking upon his murderous spree! He roamed angrily with the force of his convictions. The evil knave! Did you ever hear ought to equal it? The cold blooded turncoat! To secure his own safety before lashing out in vile premeditation. A more cowardly action I cannot conceive, for he knew King Ine would not risk the lives of his subjects for the sake of pride. 
Leofric shook his head, he did not like to think that one mad man could wreak such havoc, havoc that other, better men, paid for with their lives. He could neither understand nor comprehend that a man could kill innocent women and children.
There was no answer and thinking of such things only made him agitated and uncomfortable. He was young enough to hope that he was in perfect control of his own life, and yet wise enough to know that his control was only partial. 
No one directed the path of their life absolutely. There were only two courses open to anyone; the roads of good and evil. Just the two. No matter what anyone else said, there was no opaque grey area. No sitting on the fence. 
Once a path had been chosen, there was no longer choice left, only the correct and right action on one side, and slavery to the depraved on the other. God was always there to give lives direction, knowing in his infinite wisdom that which was best for each and every person. In the case of those like Lord Targhe, the Bible was clear enough; they were from their father the devil.
He shivered uncomfortably, as though just discussing the atrocities of the past had brought an oppressive atmosphere of evil into their midst.
Tis strange, how far reaching it all has been, how even now its effects are felt.
Finans eyes met Leofrics with great sadness in their depths.
Such things should never be forgotten.
 
Chapter Eight


Rafe watched as Adele pushed a wisp of hair back from her cheek and tucked it behind her ear. She was unaware of his eyes upon her, all her attention was on the robin that hopped about on the frozen earth, pecking at the crumbs she had scattered for it.
She must be tired, she had to be. Eda was even now asleep, curled up in the shelter of a fallen log. It was Eda who had begged for rest, for food, but never once had Adele demanded anything. No word of complaint had passed her lips, yet still he was uneasy.
Adele and Eda had talk in a desultory manner, but there had been silence between himself and her for too long. At first he had not noticed, his head was too full of plans and worries for him to spare a thought for conversation. However, for a long while he had been conscious of the deafening silence between them, and had been made uncomfortable by it.  
That was strange in itself because he had been used to long marches from an early age and had never found the quiet awkward before. Certainly he had never voluntarily conversed with any lady not related to him. He was surprised to find that the hush had become oppressive. He longed for her to say something, however inconsequential, to show him that she was not upset that he had ignored her for so long.  Maybe he should talk to her, but he could think of nothing to say.
The robin, encouraged by Adeles stillness and enticed by the crumbs, bravely moved a little nearer. Adele smiled, breaking another piece of rye bread and crumbling it on to the floor. The robin fluttered away nervously and Adele laughed.  
Tis only crumbs, you silly thing.
The robin cocked its head to one side, regarding her speculatively from one beady eye. A moment later it hopped a little nearer again. He was so close that Rafe could see with incredible clarity the overlapping feathers on his bright red chest. He realised that he had never really looked at a robin before, not really looked.
Hes a handsome fellow, isnt he?
Rafe was startled to hear Adeles warm and friendly voice.  He looked up to find her regarding him from wide, clear eyes.
Welcome back to the land of the living; you were gone a long time you know. She was still smiling, there was no reproach in her words.
I was thinking, answered Rafe apologetically. Forgive me, I have not been very good company for you. 
You are worried, shrugged Adele. I only hope that you have found some solution to the problem that vexes you so. It is not pleasant to be always troubled. She scattered a few more crumbs for the waiting robin.  You know, this little fellow reminds me of a passage in the Bible. Adele smiled again. When Jesus was teaching upon the Mount of Olives and he said to take a lesson from the lilies of the field because they neither toil nor spin but even Solomon in all his glory was not comparable to one of them. Her serene eyes drifted up to meet his gaze. Tis true; for I have never yet seen a fabric that could equal this little robin redbreast.
Rafe stared hard into her softly unfocused eyes for some moments.
You are a very unusual girl.
The words slipped from his mouth before he could check them. Adeles gaze met his and, for the first time in the short while he had known her, he saw that it was clouded with uncertainty.
He had meant to compliment her, in his own mind it had been a praising description, although it was true that he never meant to speak the words out loud. It seemed that although she might well be unusual, she did have one thing in common with the rest of her sex. That was the belief that in a woman, unusual was not an epithet to aspire to. She had taken the comment to be little better than a slight and was embarrassed, he could tell.
It was with some surprise that he discovered that he would have given a great deal to unsay those words, or to come into possession of others that would assure her of his meaning.  Unfortunately, he had none.
He knew not how to converse with women, although there were many who would have refuted that statement. Rafe was held as a favourite with ladies; they thought him charming, attentively courteous, and yet still retaining that elusive air of reckless danger.
Rafe had never been easy in their company, it had rendered him silent. Strangely enough this silence had the effect of inspiring admiration in female hearts. These ladies believed that his lack of words had betrayed a great depth of emotion and sympathy.
Gradually he had learnt to suffer the discomfort he felt in their presence stoically. He had never found their conversation particularly interesting, but then again he had not found it to be fraught with as many difficulties as conversation with Adele so often was. Indeed these ladies would have said, had they been asked, that it was possible to converse with Lord Rafe in complete openness. 
Rafe was innately polite, and had always listened to their prattle in well concealed boredom. These ladies had been left with the impression that he was a wonderfully sensitive man, with whom a lady could always enjoy a deep and meaningful conversation, in which the souls of the principals had been poured out with unrestrained and frank honesty.  The fact that Lord Rafe rarely said a word, but listened in silence while the lady in question divested herself of her opinions on every subject under the sun, completely escaped them. This left said Lady with the impression that Rafe were something of a fountain of wisdom.
Thankfully there had never been the need to say very much. It had often been Rafes reflection that ladies were quite capable of holding a conversation without the participation of a second party. In fact they seemed vaguely put out when one interrupted them half way through their monologue.  
It was different with Adele, she required active participation. To her conversation was to learn about others, not discussing, at length and in great detail, her own feelings and needs. He should have found the change refreshing, and in a way he did, but he found it alarming too.  
Adele would have been greatly surprised to know that Rafe had any interest in her at all, and her opinion of his last remark was not well defined. She was conscious of a sinking feeling of disappointment, tangled up with hurt and embarrassment.
It had never occurred to Adele that she might be different to other girls. She had thought that the whole point of her training at the fort was that she might conform to the idea of a proper wife. It came as something of a shock to find that this was not so, and she knew a sudden and uncomfortable fear that perhaps she would not please Lord Rafe, that he too would be disappointed.
Are you thirsty, Lady Adele?
Rafe didnt know what she was thinking, but he misliked the look of perturbed concentration on her face. She looked up at him, not having heard what he had said but knowing that he had addressed her. Her large, troubled eyes met his and he felt as if the breath were knocked from his body. Suddenly he heard himself speaking.
I did not mean that! He registered the meaning of his words and began to stammer. That is tis not that I didnt mean it, tis just I just 
He broke off, unsure if his tangled explanations were making it worse. He was relieved to find that the worry had faded from her eyes and that they were filled with the beginnings of mirth.
You are funny when you become nervous. 
I am not nervous! Rafe looked vaguely revolted by this description. It is only that I did not mean it like that. Again he looked sheepish. All I meant was, that to be different tis good... that is, Lord Rafe will be pleased. He broke off abruptly again.
You do not think Lord Rafe will mind? asked Adele blushing. You think he will like it, Finn? 
I yes. Rafe cleared his throat and stood, looking in the direction in which they had come.
The conversation was becoming a little too complicated, too difficult. He even had a vague suspicion that the discussion should not have been taking place.
As he looked through the trees, his eyes keen and searching, worry entered his face. Again Adele saw it, saw his mind change track and begin on lines wholly different to those of a few moments before. He was gone again, lost to her as a companion. Though his form was still there, standing across from her, his mind was somewhere else, somewhere along the trail that they had traversed, restless, questing, searching for answers, for something that she did not know.  
Finn?
Rafe turned at the sound of her voice, it was low, gently probing, and for a few seconds he said nothing as he tried to recover his wondering thoughts. She didnt speak again, did not question him. Rather she sat looking up, her eyes placid, waiting for him to respond. He had the feeling that she was not requesting confidences, but merely seeking reassurance; the comfort of companionship with another person.  
You look tired.
So do you, she replied. In truth I think you must be more weary than I; for tis you who must bear the responsibility of our journey. She stole a look up at him from beneath lowered lashes. And I think you are plagued by much worry, more even than befits the gravity of our situation. 
Rafe was taken back, few were the people who could read his thoughts with such a degree of perspicacity, and rare was the person who could hold their curiosity in check. She didnt question him further, or try to find out from whence these other worries came. For some reason her understanding unsettled him.  
We have yet much ground to cover before we make camp tonight, it is best that we move along now. 
Adele stood, brushing a few lingering crumbs from the fabric of her cloak.
Yes indeed we should, for I fear we are to expect rain before the day is much older. She tilted her head upwards and gazed up at the darkening sky.
Rafe was pretty sure that they were in for a drenching and that the rain would last for some time. However much he might have with otherwise, there was no option but to continue through it. Adele bent to touch Edas shoulder lightly.
Eda wake up, we have to move on now. 
Eda groaned, snuggling her head further down in to the warmth of her cloak.
Now, Eda! Do you want us all to be caught? 
I think I would prefer capture to this. She sat up, stretched and then winced. I feel as though I had been carrying Charger instead of the other way round.
And you look as though birds have taken up residence in your hair. Adeles voice was soothing as she dragged her friend to her feet. By all means let us think of these cheering things.
Edas hand flew to her hair and she tried to smooth it into some semblance of order.
I never even thought Her fingers worked frantically for a few moments and then she shrugged. Tis an impossible task and who is here to see anyway.
Adele smiled turning to Rafe.
You will notice, Finn, that we are no one.
Rafe froze momentarily, hearing his own words ringing in his ears. Those were the very words that he had used when talking to Finan the day he had left Valrek. The memory seemed to taunt him; he didnt know why, maybe it was just the reminder of his deceit, but suddenly he was uneasy again.
As they began to move through the trees, Rafe felt the first few drops of rain fall. The light shower soon turned into a heavy downpour, soaking his head and shoulders and running down his neck, uncomfortable and icy cold. Rafe shivered and pulled the cloak tight. 
They were travelling downward into a valley that he knew well. The going was tricky on horseback once there was rain on the ground, and he knew that they would have to reach the bottom quickly before the route became dangerously impassable. Valiant slithered and scrambled to regain his footing. Rafe heard Eda scream as, for a few dangerous moments, the slippery ground gave way beneath the horse.
I think it would be best if we dismount. Rafe eased from his saddle and turned to Eda and Adele, his hand held out.  
And I thought our day could not improve, muttered Eda, sliding from Chargers back. Yet now we have the added pleasure of trawling through the mud. 
Adele cast a quick glance at Rafe. She was pretty sure that Edas quips were beginning to irritate him.  
Eda, enough. Her voice was quiet but as Eda turned to argue, she met a look of reproof that silenced her. 
They plodded on, Rafe had taken the reins of both horses and did not dare to look behind lest he meet Adeles eyes and find them filled with misery and tearfulness. Marching in the rain was one of the most disheartening and demoralizing experiences he had ever come across.
He remembered back to Mistress Ardiths warnings, that Adele was not used to anything rough, that she could not be expected to endure any hardship. He even seemed to recall something about Adele being delicate
Great goodness, that didnt mean that she was liable to be taken ill did it? Rafe could feel the blood drain from his face. Of all the things that he did not need an ill female ranked close to the top of his list. What would he do if she were to become unwell? It was entirely possible that she would catch a chill in these conditions, then what would he do? A rich giggle interrupted his frenzied thoughts, and he turned to Adele to see merry eyes laughing up at him.
What is it?
Nothing, tis just, Adele broke off with a yelp as she slipped on the mud and began to giggle again. I cannot seem to stop!
Even as she spoke she made a grab for the tree nearest to her, falling against it and wrapping both arms around its narrow trunk. Adele sagged against it, laughing helplessly. Rafe found himself grinning, and held out a hand toward her.  
I shall steady you. The words had not left his mouth before he found himself fighting for his balance, and he heard Adele laughing ever harder.
Or take me down with you!
Rafes hand was still held out toward her so she released the tree, moving in his direction slowly. He was still some way out of her reach when she gave a yell and slithered straight into his arms.
The force of her cannoning into him almost knocked Rafe off his feet, and they swayed dangerously for some seconds. Adele was still laughing, clinging to him weakly, her whole form trembling with amusement. Rafe released the tight hold he had upon her, unwinding his arms and transferring his grip to her shoulders.
Are you alright?
So far! she gasped. I cannot think how you managed to stay upright.
Rafe could have told her that a battle field soon turned to mud beneath a soldiers feet, and that a warrior valued his balance, knowing that if he fell it were unlikely he would rise again.  Still, this rather grim statement would have brought her merriment to an abrupt end. He hadnt realised until then just how morose he had become in some respects.  
You are wet through, Rafe noted.
Adele smiled up at him, laughing again.
Tis raining, had you not noticed?
Rafe realised the inanity of his statement and began to chuckle. Taking her icy cold hand in his, he turned and they began to walk again.
Wait, wait! Adele pulled against him, a gentle pressure that caused him to pause. She turned to Eda, holding out her other hand. Come Eda, then we may all be steady. 
Eda slithered toward them and latched onto Adele firmly.  
Thank you. Eda looked pointedly at Rafe. Tis nice to know that someone cares if I break my neck or not. 
To tell the truth I had forgotten all about you, answered Rafe.
I guessed that to be the case, replied Eda coolly.
Rafe sent her a scornful look.
Do you really believe that either of you women have been absent from my thoughts for one second since I took you in to my care?
Eda looked surprised and made to answer, but Adele pinched her fingers, stopping her from speaking. She didnt know why Eda couldnt see that Finn had not expected an answer, did not want an answer. Why couldnt she see that he did not appreciate her questioning his actions. Adele frowned, trying to think of some way to shatter the awkward silence.  
Finn, why is Lord Rafes army at Adele broke off and looked up at him questioningly.
Merrodon, tis to the east of the kingdom.
Oh yes, I could not perfectly recall the name. Adele blew a lock of hair back from her face. Why is Lord Rafe there? 
Who told you Lord Rafe was at Merrodon? he asked, his voice taking on an edge of sternness.  
Why, you did.
Rafe searched feverishly through his mind to see if this was so, and remembered that he had indeed implied that Lord Rafe was at Merrodon. He closed his eyes.
What was he going to do? He could hardly tell her that Lord Rafe was not after all at Merrodon. She would be confused, and besides Finan was at Merrodon and posing as him. It was very unlikely that she would not somehow find out about that when they arrived
Great goodness! Finan: at that moment pretending to be Lord Rafe! And Adele on her way with the man she thought to be Finan to Merrodon!  What an awful mess!
If ever he managed to extricate himself from this horrendous tangle, he would never seek to mislead anyone ever again. What was he going to do? Before him he could see great and complicated situations arising from his having to keep Adele from the truth, as well as keeping Finans pretended identity a secret from her, at least until he had had a chance to explain it all to her after they had arrived.  
Perhaps it would be best if she did not meet Finan at all. He could not be Lord Rafe, and it was impossible for him to be Finan. That would mean the assuming of yet another name, and Rafe could hardly see that that would help the situation. The thought of just what was to come about from these many and complicated little deceptions, brought him out in a cold sweat.  
Finn? Are you alright? Adeles voice was filled with concern. Youve become so pale, you are not ill are you? 
Rafe shook his head as if doing so would clear his mind.
I am well.
Adele looked a little worried, but she did not question him further on the matter. They walked on in silence and after a few moments she began to whistle a merry tune under her breath. Rafe listened to the bright sound in amusement.  
Who taught you to whistle?
Randwulf did, answered Adele blithely, only to blush faintly at the look that entered Rafes eyes. He noticed her colour rise and connected it, not with his reaction to her confidence, but to the name she had mentioned.  
He wasnt sure how he felt about this Randwulf, all he knew was that the added complication filled him with uneasiness.  At first he had felt anger; he had become used to thinking himself the only man that Adele knew, and had been sorry to find that this was not actually so. Now he was beginning to worry, for just what had Randwulfs relationship with Adele been?
Friend?
Confidant?
Or more than that?
Was it possible that they had been attached in some way?  He looked back at Adele. She bore no signs of being a star crossed lover. Then again; did he really know what a person in that unfortunate state looked like? Rafe confessed to himself that he had no knowledge or experience of that sort of love; the sort between a man and a maid. 
For a certainty he had on occasion taken pleasure in watching pretty women. He had enjoyed seeing their smiles and, so long as they did not expect him to talk to them, he enjoyed their company. However, he had never felt the least wish to commit any folly. He did not desire to whisper sweet and, to his way of thinking, ridiculous nothings in their ears, or steal highly inappropriate kisses from them which would only lead to unpleasant and uncomfortable consequences to himself.  
Nor had he ever viewed one woman above another. At least, he might have had a vague notion that such and such was prettier than so and so. However, he had never actually placed them, their personalities, above each other. He had never known enough of them to do that, and had never cared enough to try to know them better. Quite apart from the natural antipathy he felt towards such a course, he had always known that there would have been little point. For just as surely as Adele had been bound to him with a promise, he had bound himself to her in faithfulness with a promise that he would break for no man or woman.
 
Chapter Nine


Rand looked across the rain slashed valley. Somewhere down there was a river, but the carpet of trees made it invisible even from this height up on the rise. They would be getting terribly wet under the leafless boughs. He looked up to the sky; the clouds were heavy, showing no sign that the rain would abate anytime soon. There was little shelter to be had so no doubt they would pass an uncomfortable night.  
They do not slow him up much, Master. 
A smile played about Lord Targhes mouth at the mans observation.
They do not, but it makes little matter. We shall be upon them soon enough, Bron.
Bron shifted on his mount.
You said that yesterday, Master Rand. His eyes slid away from his lords stare and became engrossed in the horizon.  I am not so sure. He is a cunning one, slippery as an eel too, he ought never to have been able to hold off all those men. Yet somehow he did, and now he is leading the women by a way he knows our horses cannot pass. I would take naught for granted.
Tis fortunate then that I never do, replied Lord Targhe with a shrug of irritation.
He was enjoying pitting his wits against the warrior who had collected Lady Adele. What he liked somewhat less was the way the unknown warrior had engendered such admiration in his men. He felt a strange need to compete suddenly for the hearts of his own soldiers.  
What do you intend to do, Lord Rand? 
Rand glanced down the slippery and dangerous slope before him, made treacherous almost to the point of impassability by the pouring rain. For a second he knew the impulse to throw caution to the wind and make the descent anyway. Yet he knew he could not risk his men in so fool hardy a gesture.  
We will take the longer route, Bron.
T'will cost us the best part of a day, Master.
Rand pulled on the reins and wheeled his horse about.
Better than your life, Bron, would you not agree?
 Bron recognised his masters tone, and knew that he had better go about his masters order without question or hesitation.
The track that Lord Rand had chosen to take was of a much shallower gradient. It curved around the walls of the valley, hardly more than a narrow shelf of rock. There was little room and the horses had to traverse its length in single file. It was unfortunate that the wind was blowing the rain against them, flinging gusts of ice cold droplets over them with the force of hailstones. 
Rand pulled his cloak around him more securely, seeking to eliminate the cause of the draught that had slipped its cold fingers through his covering. Though unpleasant for the moment, he could see the end in sight. The finish hastened toward him with the promise of his release.

------

Lord Rafe? Lord Rafe! The voice was insistent but Finan did not hear it. He felt a sharp tug on his tunic and turned absently.
What, what is it? Why do you? Finan caught his breath and rolled exasperated eyes toward the page.  Lord Merrodon. You might have warned me, Druce!
Forgive me, Lord Rafe, I meant not to intrude. Lord Merrodons voice was apologetic. I wished only for a private word without Lord Coughlys presence. 
Finan cast about him for a way to forestall what he felt could only be a tirade against Lord Coughlys character. He was heartily tired of both men and had no desire to spend any more time than was absolutely necessary with either of them.  Druce giggled, placing both hands over his mouth as if to contain the sound, and Lord Merrodon glanced at the boy sharply.
Lord Merrodon, you must know the irregularity of such a request, I could not
Lord Merrodon waved aside so small a consideration.  
Come, Lord Rafe, I am sure that you wish also to settle this situation as much as I do. Lord Merrodon smiled. And please, I would be honoured if you would call me Tellan. 
Finan was no fool, he knew how it felt to be manipulated, and his hesitation disappeared to be replaced by iron hard cynicism.
Very well, Lord Tellan, will you not sit down?
Lord Merrodon seated himself with a brief word of thanks.
Druce, a measure of spiced wine for his lordship. 
The young page smiled cheekily and bowed. Lord Tellen watched his departure with surprised disapproval. 
 A rather forward child, he seems not to know his place. 
Your pardon, my lord? asked Finan, his large frame stiffening slightly. 
Lord Merrodon did not notice the sign of irritation on Finans part and continued on in blithe ignorance.  
It seems to me that the boy could do with a sound thrashing for his insolence. If you do not start young they become unmanageable. Lord Merrodon broke off, noticing belatedly the unimpressed cast to Finans face, and experiencing an unsettling feeling in his stomach.  
Druce is Lord Rafes most favoured page, stated Finan heavily.
Finan did not notice the slip, and in his consternation Lord Merrodon did not regard it.
A metallic chink heralded the arrival of Druce as he returned with refreshment. He was walking slowly, his eyes fixed in great concentration upon the two goblets held on the platter.  Finan saw the steam that rose from them, and could smell on the air a spicy, sweet aroma. Just the fragrance alone made him feel warmer. Druce placed the platter on the table and sighed with relief, beaming up at Finan and waiting for the approval of a task so well accomplished.
Well done, Druce, smiled Finan. Now you may leave us.
Druce gave a formal bow and left the room.  
Now, my lord, what is it that you wished to discuss with me?
Lord Merrodon looked blankly up at Finan, confused by the course that the interview was taking.
I wish to see you without Lord Coughly.
Yes, I know; you have already said that. 
Lord Merrodon strove to gather his wits together under Finans coldly detached stare.
I thought that well surely it must have been obvious to my lord that Coughly is being unreasonable? You must have noticed 
All I have noticed is a marked tendency on both sides to be unreasonable and difficult, cut in Finan bluntly.  
Lord Merrodons eyes showed an alarming tendency to goggle from their sockets.
King Ine may have appointed you to intercede in this affair, but Ill take no insolence from you!
Very well, but I demand the same in return, answered Finan with unruffled calm. You will henceforth keep your opinions on my servants, my methods, and the manner in which I have chosen to handle this matter to yourself. 
Both men stared at each other, Lord Merrodon in open hostility and Finan with habitual composure. After several moments Finan saw the realisation that arguing with the man who had been sent to decide your fate was not the cleverest of ideas, enter Lord Merrodons eyes. With a struggle that could have been described as epic, Lord Merrodon swallowed a good deal of his pride and smiled smoothly.
I am so glad we have managed to come to an understanding. Lord Merrodon seated himself back in his chair. Now we might find a way to come to terms. 
Finan recognised the squeeze in Lord Merrodons words and took up his goblet, savouring a sweet and spicy mouthful before answering.
Whatever terms we come to will be made in Lord Coughlys presence. As he is not present, all I can offer you is hospitality.
Lord Rafe! Druce burst in to the room, out of breath and his chubby cheeks aglow.
What is it? Finan answered, not missing his queue this time. But poor Druce was completely out of breath and all he could do was sag against a chair gasping for breath and trying to convey his message by facial contortions.  
What ails the boy, is he ill? asked Lord Merrodon, drawing back a little.
As anyone might see he is merely out of breath, answered Finan coldly, upon which Druce decided to indulge in a violent coughing fit.
Lord Rafe! gasped Druce between shuddering breaths as his eyes streamed.
Yes, yes: what is it? asked Finan, calmly bending to the childs height and taking a strong grip on his shoulders.
Lord
Breathe, Druce.
Druce shook his head and lifted a trembling hand toward the tent flap.
Lord Leofric!
It took several seconds for the full meaning of his words to sink in.
Great goodness, sighed Finan, weary irritation creeping into his voice. You must leave Lord Merrodon.
Lord Merrodon looked both shocked and affronted, as though he could not quite believe that Finan was really talking to him.
 Get out! demanded Finan. Can you not see that if Lord Coughly were to hear that you had been here, he would suppose, and quite rightly, that you had been trying to make terms of your own? Now be gone before Lord Leofric arrives, and do not dare to bring your carcass into my camp again unless first you have received an invitation! 
Lord Merrodons mouth fell open in surprise and he began to splutter incoherently. Finan took no notice but turned again to the small page.
Druce, lead Lord Merrodon out of the camp, take the opposite way to the one Lord Leofric is taking. 
Yes, Master. Druce smiled angelically before hurrying away, however Lord Merrodon lingered belligerently.  
I said out! repeated Finan heavily.  
Lord Merrodon jumped and, with an angry glance over his shoulder, disappeared through the tent flap. Finan lowered himself into his chair, sinking his head into his hands.  
So much for diplomacy.
Hello, Finan lad. Was that Lord Merrodon I just saw leaving? asked Leofric cheerfully as he entered the tent a few moments later. I would have extended my greetings but he was skulking betwixt the tents! Leofric cast himself in to one of the chairs, one leg draped over the arm. You do not think he is perhaps a little mad do you? Tis not safe to have crazies on the loose, you never know but you might wake up dead! 
I do not think you would. Finan still cradled his head in his hands, he did not feel that he had the strength to lift it.  
Do not think I would what?
Wake up, answered Finan wearily.
Leofric laughed.
No, I suppose I would not. He looked his friend over. Say Finan, are you alright?
Finan smiled slightly.
Fricka, if only you knew! he answered shaking his head, before catching sight of a movement by the tent opening. Back already, Druce?
Yes my...
Finan frowned, shooting a glance toward Lord Leofric.
That is, I did as you told me to, Master Finan.
I see.
Finan allowed his gaze to travel over the youth slowly. It was a regard that most full grown men in Rafes army would have quailed before, yet the imp before him seemed unperturbed by the scrutiny.
Perhaps you would care to explain the excessive amount of mud you have about your person, Druce? 
Druces face took on a saintly expression of innocence.
Master Finan?
What did you do to him, Druce? asked Finan by no means taken in.
Druces face creased into a smile and he shifted his weight from one foot to the other, swaying slightly.  
You said I was to take him away so that he was sure not to meet up with Lord Leofric. He turned to Leofric with a cherubic smile and bowed. Hello, Lord Leofric. 
Hello, Druce. Leofric was trying to contain his laughter.
I am still listening, Druce, reminded Finan. 
Well, I thought that Lord Leofric would never enter the camp by the swampy stretch of land to the west so I took Lord Merrodon by that way! finished Druce triumphantly.  
Finan was silent for some time, a serious frown on his face.  
You know, beneath that childish veneer hides the soul of a fiend. If ever you grow to manhood, Druce, by no means something that should be taken for granted, I believe your no doubt illustrious career will end at the length of a rope! 
But, Master Finan, he told you to beat me, I heard him!
Well I have not done so have I? asked Finan reasonably.  No, but he was not to know that and it were unhandsome of him to suggest it! replied Druce indignantly.  
And there he has you, Finan! laughed Leofric.
Finan cast Leofric a speaking look and laid a hand on Druces shoulder.
Be away with you cretin, go and tidy yourself so that you resemble a person and not a scarecrow, and do not venture into this tent again in so deplorable a state. Finan arrested the childs movements as he made to leave. And if ever I catch you playing such a trick again I will beat you, do I make myself clear?
He waited until a shamefaced Druce had assured him of his comprehension.
Now go. With a gentle push Finan propelled the boy towards the tent flap and watched as he trudged away, despondency in every movement.
And as for you, Finan rounded on Leofric, much help you are, Fricka!
Leofric deposited himself back into the chair chuckling.
The truth of it is I rather admire his cheek! 
I wonder if you would admire it so much were it directed at you, Fricka. 
Leofric grinned up at him.
But it never will be; the boy likes me!
Yes, well; as we have seen he has deplorable taste. 
Leofric shook his head but declined to make any answer to the taunt.
What was he doing here anyway?
Come, come, Fricka; where else would Druce be but with the camp? asked Finan pretending ignorance.  
As well you know I was referring to Lord Merrodon, what did he want?
Finans face darkened slightly.
Merely to see if it would not be easier for the two of us to come to terms, rather than the three of us. 
The old reprobate! You know, you become acquainted with the worst sort of knaves when you enter into diplomacy, remarked Leofric. I believe I shall tell my father so, it might encourage him to give me a little peace. He thinks me unsteady as it is; the idea that a diplomatic career would subject me to the influence of depravity should scotch the thing nicely!
You have no taste for it, Fricka? asked Finan knowingly.
Leofric shrugged his shoulders.
I lack sufficient ambition to please my father, not that it matters. Father has ambition enough for us both!
Finans brow darkened on hearing this and his next words were rather brusque.
I have never noticed that you lack a thing. King Ine himself holds you to be most useful, surely your father must know that?
He does, tis only Leofrics finger traced a groove in the wood of the chair. He wishes I were more like Rafe. You know; the way King Ine leans upon him, the same way that he leaned upon Lord Brogan. Everyone knows that King Ine will do nothing without first discussing the matter with Lord Brogan, and no one but Rafe will do to be his emissary since Lord Brogan retired from service. 
Yet Rafe never stirs anywhere without you to support him, Leofric.
Leofrics smile was twisted as he answered.  
Yes I am always in his train. He shook his head. But for my father that is not enough. He wishes for me to be at the head, where as I am content to follow. 
Finan felt a dull anger creep over him. He had watched Lord Drogands crushing aspirations thrust upon his son from an early age, a weight he had been made to carry all his life. Lord Drogand had demanded that Leofric compete with Rafe no matter that Rafe was five years older. Lord Brogan had tried to shield the boy from situations in which competition could be suggested, but there had only ever been so much he could do.  
Competing with one another in friendly rivalry was one thing. Competing to secure parental approval was another, and after his fourteenth year Rafe had flatly refused to do so. It had been a sour experience for all three of them, and to this day Rafe did not take part in any competition, having developed a deep rooted disgust for rivalry of that sort.  
As for Leofric, some might have been crushed by the weight of parental disappointment, but not he. He had laughed all off, played the fool, and refused to allow himself to be compared to anyone. He had become the cheerful, ever effervescent Fricka who was always up for a lark. He had more friends than he knew what to do with, and the ladies of the court found him to be the most amusing of companions.  
Through all he had been loyal to Rafe and Finan, never once blaming them for being viewed as superior by his father.  The foolish thing in it all was that Leofric was an excellent leader and tactician. His men would have walked over hot coals at his command, and there was no army in the kingdom better trained than the House of Drogands.
Yet for all that he was satisfied to travel under Rafes command, Leofric did not envy him success or demand glory for himself. It was not his way for he needed neither to bolster his ego. Finan had often admired the precision of his marksmanship only for Leofric to laugh and say that it was not something he could take credit for because it was a gift he was born with, not one he had learnt. 
Finan knew however that while the gift of speed, of a steady hand, and of clear sight was certainly a talent that had been gifted to him at birth, it was the endless hours of practice that made his aim so sure.  
Cheer up, Finan, it may never happen! 
Finan found himself called back to the present by Leofrics cheerful voice. He managed to force a rather sad smile.  
On the contrary, Fricka: it already has.
 
Chapter Ten


Rafe stopped and looked out into the gathering darkness. It was still raining but not as hard as it had been, the water fell from the skies in a swirling mist about them. He had seen the rock mass from the tree he had climbed an hour or so ago and had decided that it was best that they head towards the possible shelter it afforded.
Now he could see that it was little more than a curve in the rock with an overhang about four feet from the ground. Rafe was grateful for it. He dismounted, making his way to Charger and the two weary figures that swayed unsteadily on his back.
Lady Adele?
She looked down, her tired eyes surrounded by a dark smudge of fatigue.
We shall camp here tonight. His voice was gentle, but as he looked back at the semi cave he felt his heart begin to sink.  This was all very well for him; it was dry enough and he had slept in worse places and in worse conditions before. However, Adele should not have been subjected to such discomfort; it was not what she or Eda were used to.  
Great goodness! Adeles voice sounded weary but surprised. How clever of you to have found us somewhere dry to spend the night! Her drowsy eyes looked into his and in their depths he could see genuine admiration.  Rafe was surprised by a wish to hold her close in an appreciative bear hug. It was an impulse that shook him to the very centre of his being.
Finn? Is something amiss?
Rafe forced a shake of his head.
You should get out of the rain.
He helped her to dismount and she moved into the shelter under the out crop of rock, Eda close behind her.
Clever? whispered Eda, her voice incredulous. Because you have always longed to sleep in a cave, have you not? 
Eda, be silent, whispered back Adele. Can you not see that he is doing his best for us?
This is his best?
Enough! For the first time Eda saw fiery sparks of anger spill from Adeles eyes. Did it not occur to you that he is just as tired as we are? That he is as cold and as hungry, but whereas we have him to look after us and see we are comfortable, he has no one? So please, Eda, please no more tonight.
Rafe dragged together some wood for the fire, it was very wet but he had found a few dry twigs beneath the shelter that would start the flames off. There would be no room for the wood beneath the out crop, indeed once Rafe had settled himself next to Adele and Eda there was little room for anything bar the fire before them that would be shielded from the rain by the jutting rock.
Rafe dried his hands as best he could, and set about coaxing a flame to the dry twigs. With great patience he fed the blaze with the damp wood. It spluttered and spat, sending clouds of dark smoke spiralling upward to hit the rock above and escape into the cold air. Rafe sat back from the task, reclining against the rock next to Adele.
Are you both alright?
Fine, assured Eda, looking away.
Adele nodded but Rafe could see her trembling with cold.  He leaned across, taking her hand that was furthest from him in his own. Her fingers were icy and still damp.  
You shall soon warm up again, he told her with a reassuring smile as he rubbed her hand between his own, trying to generate the heat of friction. Although I realise that at this point tis hard to believe, or remember what being warm felt like.
Adele laughed nervously, not looking up as Rafe took her other hand and held both between his.  
Are you feeling any warmer?
A little.
Still Adele did not look up, and Rafe could see even though her head was bent that she blushed.
They were sitting rather close, Rafe reflected. She was sandwiched between him and Eda snugly, but the shelter was small and it could not be helped. He looked out into the rain, wondering if any of them would sleep tonight. Eda probably would, he thought with a smile, she seemed capable of sleeping anywhere.
Adele could feel her cheeks glowing hot and was vexed with herself, the situation could not be helped so it was ridiculous to be made uncomfortable by it. Still, it was a very strange experience. She could feel the gentle and accidental pressure of Rafe against her, a circumstance that she could not but be acutely conscious of. He had managed somehow to bring warmth to her fingers, a luxury that she had not experienced since leaving the fort, and he was trying so very hard to put her at ease.
Mistress Ardith said you knew no one beyond the gates of the fort, Lady Adele. As he spoke she could feel his breath stirring her hair. So I do not precisely understand how you know this Randolph.
Randwulf, corrected Adele absently, trying to still the chattering of her teeth.
She did not wish to talk of this, especially not now when she had spoken sharply to Eda. To remind her friend of Randwulf when she was already feeling low would be cruel.  He used to climb over the fort wall.
Rafe felt a little easier at this circumstance.  
So he was one of the boys from the village then? It was not really a question but a statement.
He was not from the village, but from one of the big houses, Eda answered, her voice subdued.  
He told you so?
No, there was no need; he had a page that followed him wherever he went.
And you met the page too, I suppose?
 Well, yes, answered Adele guiltily. I know we ought not but there was little we could do to stop them climbing over the wall if they so chose, was there?
So what did you do?
Well we played with them.
Rafe was silent and irritably so. No doubt they had played with the very toys that he himself had provided! For some reason this last seemed monstrously unfair. Suddenly the significance of her remark dawned upon him.  
Played? he questioned. How long ago did you meet him?
Adeles brow creased in thought.
I was seven? Yes, that would be about right, she mused aloud.
And when did you see him last?
A month ago, she answered. But he was due to visit us again a few days from now.
You mean he came quite often to visit you, and without Mistress Ardiths knowledge? asked Rafe keeping his tone carefully natural. 
Adele shot an anxious glance at Eda.  
Yes, often. It was nice to have his visits to look forward to. Adele smiled faintly, relaxing a little as she gazed dreamily into the fire. He taught me to use the bow and the sword, and how to use a persons strength against them in a struggle. Adele turned eyes that sparkled with excitement toward him. More than that he was always there for me, for us, as someone to talk to and confide in. She caught herself, suddenly looking guilty.
Rafe nodded, trying to ignore the bitter feeling that welled up within him.
It must have been hard to come to terms with your betrothal to Lord Rafe. The words almost choked him to say, but still he forced them out. Anyone must see that the situation is difficult.
For a moment Adele was completely still, and then she turned from her contemplation of the fire and fixed her steady eyes on his.
Is that how Lord Rafe feels? she asked quietly. That our betrothal is difficult?
Rafe had no answer to her question, and after a moments silence Adele shrugged a shoulder and, to Rafes great relief, turned her gaze away from him.
Of course for Lord Rafe it must have been wearisome, he is some years older than I. It must have been trying to have been bound to someone so young, to have had to wait. I dare say if it had not been for our betrothal he might have been married long ago and would even now have children. 
Rafe was horrified by this suggestion. The way she talked one might suppose he was a veritable grey beard who could hardly be expected to last much longer!  
I never thought before, continued Adele carefully, but Lord Rafe may have wished to marry elsewhere, and could not because of me.
There was silence after her statement, Rafe felt his tongue thick and unwieldy in his mouth.
Maybe Lord Rafe saw your existence as a blessing, he countered at last. Perhaps the fact that he was already betrothed to you gave him a feeling of freedom, for he could hardly have been expected to form an alliance with another when promised to you.
Adele blinked slowly two or three times, her gaze never wavering from his face.
Maybe but did he? she asked, and then held her hand up before her. No. Do not answer that question; I should never have asked it. Your pardon, Finn, I did not mean to make you uncomfortable I fear I am very tiresome tonight. 
Rafe struggled within himself. He had never wished to marry another, and he had been pleased to use her as a shield against the political alliances formed by marriage. He wished very much that he could tell her that, but knew he could not. Such an admission would give Adele a belief that he had been content, even pleased, with their betrothal, and the truth was that he had never been pleased with it. 
He could not explain to her his feelings on the matter, and it would have been dishonest of him to gain her good opinion by telling her only half of the story, that half that chanced to portray the situation in a good light.
Randwulf always says never to ask a question if you are not sure that you can accept the answer. Adeles smile was a little forced. I find that maxim has always kept me from disappointment.
Rafe kicked at a smouldering ember.
It does seem to be a course of wisdom.
Yes, answered Adele. Randwulf is wise I think. 
Rafe vouchsafed no answer, but Adele heard Eda take a shuddering breath and cursed herself for her insensitivity.  How could she have allowed herself to be drawn into a conversation on Randwulf when she knew the effect it would have on her friend? 
Yet it was a topic that seemed to be of great interest to Finan, and she did not precisely see how she could turn his mind from the subject. For a moment she groped around in her thoughts for a way to turn his attention elsewhere.
Do you have any brothers or sisters, Finn? 
Rafe groaned within himself. How was he to answer? He had two sisters, yet Finan had none, only brothers, so which truth did he tell her?
Sisters, two of them. There was no point in trying to convince himself that if he told her anything else he wouldnt really be lying.
What are their names?
Esme and Aisly.
Are they older or younger than you? 
Rafe sighed; this was obviously a topic she was determined to pursue.
Younger; Esme is twenty and Aisly is your age, both are unmarried, Rafe paused. Although Esme was once betrothed and Aisly... almost.
He averted his face, pained by the recollection and wishing that the memories would recede.
Really, to whom?
Rafe was very still, and when he spoke the words were forced from between bloodless lips.
Rand son to Lord Targhe.
Adeles eyes were generally wide, but at this confidence they almost doubled in size. Even Eda, who seemed to have entered a catatonic state on the other side of the cave, lurched upright.
Was it before? asked Adele quietly.  
Yes, it was before the attack on Calis, answered Rafe. Tis why my father did not seek to marry them elsewhere. He had engaged in extended negotiations over the marriage contract, yet he never once suspected what Lord Targhe was capable of.
I see.
Rafe was lost in thought again, a heavy frown creasing his brow that lent a bitter cast to his face. How many had the consequences of Calis been? If Lord Targhe had not attacked Calis, Adele would have grown to adulthood within the loving care of her family. Aisly would have married Evoric of Gournay, Esme would have married Rand of Targhe, and he himself would have been free of the obligation of marrying Adele, though in truth he no longer felt her to be such an obligation.
If it had not been for Lord Brogans experience with Esmes betrothal, he would have felt no need to betroth Adele to Rafe. The idea that he could have been sending the poor child to he knew not what, had stopped Lord Brogan from entrusting her to anyone else. He had not been comfortable in handing her over to his good friend Lord Drogand, who had offered to make her bride to his son Leofric. It had made sense, her lands marched along side those of the House of Drogand, but it had been too soon, too close to the dreadful mistake he had almost made, and he had found he could not do it.
Have you, or indeed are you married, Finn?
No.
You could not tell, Adele? asked Eda dryly.
Adele ignored her.
You mean you never even came close? 
Rafe fought within himself to find a suitable answer for this question.
I was once betrothed.
Adele wondered if he had loved the lady very much, for he would no longer meet her eyes.
What happened? Did she? Adele broke off not knowing how to form the question.
She did not die, no.
She did not wish to marry you, eh? Eda asked.
Rafe blinked at this suggestion.
I do not recall asking her.
Then, Adele considered thoughtfully, did you not wish to marry her?
How was he to answer that question? For endless seconds he remained silent until he felt Adeles soft hand cover his own.
I am sorry; I did not mean to bring to mind something that pains you.
It does not pain me.
Oh, Adele removed her hand flustered. Poor Finn; you did not like her very much at all, did you?
To Adeles amazement Rafe began to laugh, his whole form shaking.
How did you reach that conclusion? 
What other conclusion could there be? objected Adele. If she saw naught disagreeable in marrying you, you must have disliked her heartily to have broken a betrothal and to have nothing more to say of her other than you never asked her if she had found the idea of marrying you pleasing! 
I am sure you must be right, he grinned.
I am, I must be!
Such assurance! admonished Rafe. You will find, my lady, that even though you are sure and feel you must be correct about something, there is often a circumstance of which you know nothing that changes matters completely. 
I see. Adele was thoughtful for some time. I would you might tell it to me, Finn.
Rafes amusement disappeared abruptly. Great goodness, tell her that she was the lady they were talking of? Tell her all?
It is difficult for me to talk of it, my lady.  
I know that it must be, but surely a problem shared is a problem halved?
Problem? Rafe had a sudden suspicion that they were no longer talking of the same thing. Of what problem do you speak?
It was Adeles turn to look surprised.
But it was you who spoke of it! she answered. I should have said nothing but it seemed to me that you wished to talk of your worry.
What worry?
Who is worried? asked Eda with a shrug.
Adele bent a frown on her friend.
Be silent, you merely confuse things more. She turned back to Rafe, large eyes looking up into his with a lost expression in their depths. Where was I? 
Confused. We both were.
Adele chuckled.
It seems we are no further forward then.
So it would seem; we were talking of worry.
Adeles brow cleared.
So we were! I thought that you wished to talk of the worry that has plagued you since our camp was attacked. The one that is more than just the thought that someone followed us. Adele paused. Was that not what you were speaking of, Finn?
Rafe was silent, staring in to the flames and trying to decide if he should confide.
Finn?
You are right, there is something amiss, he began, looking out in to the darkness that had fallen. You remember my telling you that I heard horses?
Adele nodded.
That is what perplexes me.
Why?
Can you not see? They never gave chase to us. If they had we must surely have fallen into their hand, but they never did. Rafe shrugged. Nor is that an end to the matter, for they follow us still. They do not ride hard and have rarely been less than a few hours behind us. Why? Why do they follow us if they mean us no harm? If they do wish to attack us, why do they not make their move? And who the he? Rafe halted abruptly, recalling Adele and Edas presence. And who are they?
Who indeed? Eda looked thoughtful. Do you truly have no idea, or are you concealing your fear inspiring suspicions from us?
I have no idea, returned Rafe shortly.  He did not like to admit this ignorance as it was a lack of knowledge he found it hard to forgive himself for. He should know, or at the very least have enough facts to make an educated guess. Yet he had nothing, just the strange behaviour that their pursuers were exhibiting. It gave him no clue at all to either their identity or their intentions. He became aware suddenly that Adele was shivering and cursed himself.  
I should not have bothered you with the matter, now you are worried over it.
Adele looked bemusedly up at Rafe, wondering at the remorse in his voice.
Because I tremble you mean? She shook her head. Do not regard it; tis only that I am still a little cold. Adele fixed him with clear, trusting eyes. I know that you will protect us and that we have nothing to fear. 
Rafe glanced down at both of the ladies shivering in the inadequate shelter of the cave. Bless Adele and the day on which she had been born! How could she show such faith in him when he had let them down so terribly? He hadnt even been able to keep them warm. He looked down at the two women shivering in the inadequate shelter. 
It was of course the only sensible and practical solution, but he doubted they would receive the suggestion he was about to make with anything but indignation.  
You know, it really would be best if Rafe faltered as Adeles trusting gaze turned sleepily upon him. That is, we would all be much warmer if if we shared our heat. 
Rafe swallowed uncomfortably as Edas head snapped round to pin him with an outraged and indignant glare.  Absolute silence greeted this statement, and Rafe began to feel rather ill used. After all, he was thinking of their comfort: yet they were looking at him as though he had suggested something in questionable taste. At least, that was not precisely true, for Adeles expression was of innocent bewilderment.
Share our heat? A frown creased her brow. How? 
How? 
Great goodness; she wanted him to explain? Suddenly the suggestion he had made seemed almost he struggled to find the right word  almost  indecent!
Rafe felt his cheeks grow warm, and shifted his gaze from hers. Looking out into the darkness he wished that whoever it was that followed them would strike and end his discomfort. It was only the sound of Adele breaking into unrestrained laughter that brought his gaze back.  
Forgive me, Finn. Her voice shook a little with lingering mirth, but there was true penitence in her face. That was very unkind of me but but I just could not help myself. She spread out her palms in an appealing gesture that begged him to see the funny side. You looked so very discomfited, so wholly unlike the knave you supposed we would think you. And you looked so horrified when you thought you would have to explain.
Rafe was not sure he enjoyed being teased, but it was very hard to be angry with Adele when she was shaking with irresistible laughter.
I should think I might have looked horrified; I am not sure I am old enough to participate in such a discussion. 
Adele giggled again, but it was a nervous sound this time. Her eyes looked awkwardly into his, as though she were trying to steel herself for something.
It would be for the best, would it not, Finn?
Adele, you cannot possibly be thinking
What other choice do we have, Eda? Adele hunched a shoulder defensively. It it is not so very bad and and Lord Rafe would understand that there was no other option, would he not, Finn? Her eyes pleaded with him to ease her fears away. It would not be wrong? 
Rafe felt acutely uncomfortable in the face of her apprehension and Edas scandalised recoiling.  
Lord Rafe would understand perfectly, have no fear or worry that you commit any offence. 
Adele nodded slowly, as though trying to convince herself that what he said was true. She turned to meet Edas disapproving look.
Eda it there is no other way to keep warm. 
Rafe saw the appeal in Adeles voice smote Eda, and watched the other womans rigid disapproval dissolve.  
I suppose it is better that we be comfortable together than sleepless apart, she replied at last.
It was sometime later, after a great deal of awkwardness, that they were settled. Rafe had spread his cloak wide that both ladies might recline upon it. Eda had curled up against Adele, who had in turn curled up toward him, resting her head upon his shoulder. With thoughtful consideration she had taken her cloak off that it might also cover him. Such ministrations seemed to Rafe to call for some comment on his part.
Are you comfortable?
Yes, thank you, Finn. Her voice was drowsy. Sleep well.
And you, my lady.
Rafe could already feel warmth beginning to spread over him and a few minutes later his head drooped, and his cheek sank to rest against Adeles hair.


Chapter Eleven


Lord Rand of Targhe stood in the shadows and watched the trio as they settled down for sleep. His eyes were obscured and therefore his expression was inscrutable. He stood beside the trunk of a big tree, invisible to the people not twenty feet away from him. He was alone, a circumstance that would have bewildered Rafe yet further had he but known of it. His sword was drawn in his hand but his grip was loose, as though he had little intention of using it.  
He stood there for a long time, turning the sword restlessly, but slowly, as though he found the movement therapeutic. He hadnt been able to sleep. As he had lain next to the fire fatigue had fled and drowsiness had disappeared in the face of his encroaching thoughts. Eventually it had been too much, and he had risen from his bed and crept out of the camp.  He had needed to see this warrior that he was following, and had known that he would not be able to rest until he had.  This need had drawn him from the warmth of his furs, and through the damp darkness, to stand watching in the shadows of the forest.
Now here he couldnt seem to leave. He was so close to her. He could have walked across the space that separated them and finish finally what his father had started all those years before. His face stretched into a smile that was made ghastly by the moonlight, eyes turning in to slits and his mouth becoming a black slash in his pale face.
Of course, he would have to do something about the warrior first. Even though he was curled up beneath the out crop, and made indistinct by the cloak covering him, Rand could still see him as he had appeared when fighting off the attack at the first camp. He would have trouble with him, and he had no wish to feel the cold kiss of steel. No, it would have to wait until another time, a time when he had numbers on his side.
Still he lingered, unable to tear himself away from his hiding place. His closeness to Adele, but his inability to get closer, was a sweet torment that both frustrated and yet excited him. Soon the time would come, his wait would not be long.
The wind picked up and sent a sighing breath of dampness through the trees. It blew on Rand at an angle, striking his left side and rippling up through his hair. One moment he was still before it, allowing it to flow across him, and the next he had spun sharply, sword no longer loose in his hand, but gripped strongly, and pressed against the throat of the man he had caught and pinned against the trunk of a tree.  
For a second the figure clawed and struggled strenuously, but silently. His only reward was for Rands sword to press closer into the flesh of his neck. Abruptly the figure stopped struggling and sagged against the tree, breathing as deeply as Rands grip allowed. For a few moments Rand and the intruder remained thus as all around them the wind moaned and leaves stirred softly. Then Rand released him.  
You should know better than to startle me, Bron, he reproved mildly.
Bron smoothed a hand over the skin of his neck which still tingled from the touch of Rands sword.  
I did not notice that you were much surprised, Master. 
Rand did not reply, but turned back to his contemplation of those beneath the shelter of the out crop.  
What the? Rand started, his attitude becoming more tense. Can you see him?
See who, Master?
The warrior you fool! spluttered Rand, seizing him by the arm and pulling him down to crouch against the roots of one of the large trees.
Can you not see his place is empty? 
Bron looked across to the cave. The fire burnt brightly and there were still two figures wrapped up beside its warmth, deep in sleep. However, as Lord Rand had stated, the warrior was no longer there. The place where he had rested was noticeable only by the hastily flung back cloak, and small white hand and wrist which now lay uncovered in the open where the cloak was turned back.
Bron turned to Lord Rand, his mouth opening that he might make some remark to his master. Rand flung out a hand and gripped his shoulder tightly to silence him. Rands eyes scanned the darkness keenly; there was a full moon but the light that filtered down through the branches was not strong. Its eerie glow was fickle, playing tricks on his eyes.  He wished he had at least an idea where the warrior might be, but he could see nothing of him in the gloom. They waited for endless moments, Rands posture becoming even more taut. His hand, as it clasped his sword, gripped with such fierceness that the sinews stood out from the bone.  
He felt a light sensation on his neck and turned quickly, his sword swinging viciously through the air. There was naught to be seen and he had to suppose it had only been a leaf blown by the wind. Still, he was badly shaken and the adrenalin that had spread through his veins at the thought of imminent danger now disappeared, leaving him a strange quivering weakness in his stomach.
Brons hand clamped down onto his for a moment before he gestured back to the cave. The warrior was moving through the trees toward the fire, his progress silent but purposeful as his gaze swept restlessly over the surrounding area. He hesitated at the fireside, and then drove his sword into the ground and settled himself back into his previous position, careful not to disturb either of the ladies.  
Rand began to relax, but caught his breath sharply as he noticed that the warrior remained upright, leaning against the rock and pulling from his belt a dagger. At the last moment he looked up and across to where Rand crouched. It seemed to Rand that in that instant their eyes met, that the warriors gaze had pierced the darkness that shrouded him.
He spent several seconds assuring himself that this could not be so, that the warriors eyes would be dazzled by the flames. It could only be happenchance that he had picked out the spot where they were hidden. Every reassurance disappeared as the warrior continued to stare him straight in the eye and one lid dropped slowly, covering the left orb for a few moments.
Rand heard Bron gasp beside him.
He could not possibly  Bron swallowed. No, no; tis just a trick of the light.
Both looked back to the warrior. He lifted his hand and the dagger flew from his fingers. Rand and Bron parted before it and the knife struck the trunk of the tree behind them. The blade buried a good inch into the wood, its jewel encrusted handle protruding outwards between them both. Bron reached out a hand to it, but Rand stopped him pulling the weapon free.
No, leave it, just in case it was a guess. If we leave it he will never know for sure.
Bron nodded his agreement. The two of them retreated, silently making their way back to their camp. Despite his words it was a very unsettled Rand of Targhe that returned to his men that night.

------

Finan woke, the hairs on the back of his neck raised as he lay silent, he heard the sound of someone entering his tent. His hand strayed to his dagger, but the last confusing wisps of sleep disappeared from his brain and he realised that violence was not going to be necessary.  The intruder was making no effort to be stealthy and had just tripped over a small stool. Finan listened as the prowler pulled himself upright and set the stool to rights.  
Finan, are you awake? The voice was a breathy whisper.  
I hardly see how I could be expected to be asleep with you charging around like a bull, replied Finan mildly. What ails you, Fricka? Why are you not asleep like everyone else? 
Leofric bent over the embers of the fire and stoked them to life.
Where is the wood kept?
Outside the door, answered Finan, sitting up and stretching his tall frame.
Leofric disappeared through the tent flap, and Finan could hear him rummaging around making a noise, he thought with a smile, like a large mouse. Leofric returned and threw an armful of logs onto the fire in the centre of the tent. Then he pulled a stool close to where the first weak flames flickered around the wood. Finan pulled himself from his bed and dragged his cloak around his shoulders, before staggering to where Leofric crouched close to the heat.  
Tis a cold night; twill be a hard winter I think.
Leofric grunted in reply and continued to stare at the flames.
Finan rubbed his hand over his face and neck, yawning.  
With Valrek so close to Mercias border it will mean the possibility of raids, we had best prepare the guard. 
Leofric ventured a nod but seemed too engrossed to attempt anything more. Finan watched him for some moments in silence as the flickering light of the flames played over his youthful features. His face was troubled, a rather harassed frown drawing his brows together,
 and his lips clenched too tight.
Come, Leofric lad, observed Finan softly, youve pulled me from my bed at a time heathens would shrink from; have you naught to say to me?
Leofric started at the sound of his name and turned his long lashed eyes toward his friend. His face took on a guilty cast.
Forgive me, Finan; twas unthinking of me to wake you. What a pestilent fellow I am, I never even thought. 
Tis no matter, lad.
No, you never do think me pestilent or tiresome. You know, I believe that I have never heard you utter an impatient word, Finan.
I would not go so far as that, but my temper is easy; it has to be with Rafe coiled so tight.
Leofric smiled, chuckling as he stamped on a spark.  
Rafe curses more than anyone I know. I think the worse the name he calls you by, the more pleased he is with what you have done.
I would he were here now, for after he had told you that you were the spawn of evil for dragging him out of bed, and berated you as a simple fool for wanting to sit in the cold of early morning, you would, I know, feel much better. 
Leofric smiled, but this time it was absentmindedly and his thoughts were obviously elsewhere.
You have had another dream.
It was a statement, not a question. Leofric stiffened and kept his face averted, but after a few moments he gave an abrupt nod. Finan gazed at his friend in sympathy, he well knew how Leofric had been troubled by unsettling dreams since his boyhood.
Finan remembered the first time he had met him. Finan himself had been fifteen, guarding over a nine year old Rafe. Leofric had been a small boy of four with large, dark fringed, eyes and a head of coppery curls. He had been fierce in his desire to be accepted by Rafe and Finan, and had been full of bravado and spunk. Yet that had been during the day.  
At night it had been different. Leofric had writhed and cried out against the dreams that terrorised him, finally being jolted from sleep into the cold hours of darkness.  His youngest foster brother had never told him the contents of these dreams but, after experiencing such nightmares, he was always unable to sleep again. 
Since those far gone days it had become Leofrics habit to seek out the company of those who he called friend. Many were the times that Finan had been roused from sleep to sit in the chill air of morning beside a silent and meditative Leofric.
Some men might have baulked at such an imposition, but Finan was easy going. He knew how hard Leofrics lot in life had been. Even Rafe, who was acknowledged to be a rather warm tempered young man, had never failed Leofric at these times of need.
Leofric had tried so hard to pretend that he was not under stress, that anxiety did not exist for him. Yet both Rafe and Finan knew that their presence beside him in these moments calmed him, and allowed him to relax.

 
Chapter Twelve


Brogan?
Lord Brogan of Valrek halted in his progress across the courtyard, and turned to face the man who had hailed him.  
Ramm, I did not expect to find you here.
Lord Brogan clasped hands with Lord Drogand, smiling.  
I wished to see if my liege had need of me, answered Lord Drogand.
And is Leofric with you?
Lord Drogand shook his head, and they continued to walk across the yard together toward the house.  
No, Leofric has gone to Merrodon to see if he might be of any help to Rafe. Lord Drogands brow clouded a little. It will do him good to finally be useful to someone, he muttered.
Lord Brogan did not betray either surprise or dismay at this utterance, but continued in his measured pace.  
Rafe is always telling me the great help and comfort that Leofric is to him on campaigns, the relief that it is to him to have someone on whom he can depend completely. 
It is nice to know that Leofric has such a solid companion, one who over looks certain deficiencies. 
Lord Brogan was silent. This was not a subject he wished to discuss with Lord Drogand, for Lord Brogan had always deplored the way that his friend belittled his son. Firstly on principle, but also because he had a great fondness for Leofric and enough understanding of his mind to know that the boy was greatly hurt by his fathers manner.  
It was, however, unlikely that Lord Drogand would submit himself to a homily on this subject, and there was little point in disrupting their friendship with words that Lord Brogan had no doubt would be ignored by Lord Drogand.  
Tis said that war is imminent betwixt Kent and Sussex, remarked Lord Drogand after an uneasy silence.
War is always imminent between Kent and Sussex, tis traditional.
Almost as traditional as war between Mercia and ourselves.
Lord Brogan shot his friend a reproving stare and shook his head.
You should let old grievances pass, Ramm, there is little point in engaging in battle with Mercia. Their strength is as great as our own, we should be stirring a hornets nest of unrest.
Lord Drogand laughed gently.
I never thought to see you so poor spirited, Brogan. When I think of how it was with you when we were boys. You were never more pleased than when a fight loomed. I distinctly remember that when Lord Fordal buckled under the threat of attack, after we all had decided that there was nothing for it but bloodshed, you indulged in a fit of sullenness that I have never seen equalled. Tis my belief that you would still be brooding over it if it had not been that you met Ebba and decided that after all life was still worth living. 
Lord Brogan smiled at this reference to his wife.  
Yes, well, as that may be, there is a reason for such behaviour, answered Lord Brogan. Foolishness is tied up with the heart of a boy, I have out grown such things. 
Have you my friend? queried Ramm with a slight smile.
Perhaps.
They walked on in silence again.
Have you seen King Ine?
Lord Brogan nodded.
Yes, I have been with him this hour and more. 
Both men came to a halt outside a large wooden building and Lord Ramm opened the door, walking into the busy great hall. The air was stale and carried the taste of smoke, along with the savoury fragrance of meat.
And what of you, Ramm? asked Lord Brogan moving through the throng and sitting down in one of the great chairs drawn up to where a fire blazed. Lord Drogand stretched a hand out towards the heat of the flames.  
Not as of yet; King Ine has been too occupied to see me. Lord Ramm lounged back in his chair with a slight shrug. It matters not, I have the time to wait.
Lord Brogan called a page to his side, and ordered that a goblet of spiced wine should be brought before them. He then settled back into the soft furs that covered his chair.  
You look tired my friend, observed Lord Drogand, his eye narrowed a little in thought.
Tis naught. Lord Brogan lifted his hand in a lazy gesture of dismissal. Lord Drogand let the matter drop but continued to gaze at him, a faint furrow between his brows.  
I have heard, Brogan, that the dispute between Lord Merrodon and Lord Coughly His voice trailed off, eyes sliding away from those of his friend to gaze with fixated interest on a spark that glowed hotly on the hearth. There are those who say it cannot be resolved, he finished.  
And why do they say that?
Because, at its heart, I believe the problem between them is a matter of pride.
Yes, I should imagine that it is, Lord Brogan answered, taking a sip of his wine. It was foolish of Lord Merrodon to enter into negotiations with Coughly if he was not sure that he would carry the thing through. It was even more reprehensible of him to hold up Coughlys jilted son as a figure of fun to the family he finally did choose to bestow his daughter upon.
Lord Drogands head snapped round sharply, and for a second he stared at Lord Brogan in astonishment.  
You knew?
But of course I did; Rafe told me weeks since.
Rafe knew?
Lord Brogans deep chuckle rumbled softly across the space between them.
You underestimate Rafe, Ramm, you always have. Lord Drogand made as if to argue but Lord Brogan raised his hand silencing him.
No, Ramm; you do underestimate him, just as you have underestimated others. Lord Brogans voice was gentle but his eyes, beneath their drooping lids, were steely. 
Do not we all upon occasion? Shrugged Lord Drogand dismissively.  You know, I have just recalled the finish of the scripture you quoted: foolishness is tied up with the heart of a boy, the rod of discipline is what will remove it far from him.

-------

Rafe was awakened by the extreme coldness of his hand. He had stirred at some point during the night, and his arm was no longer covered by the cloak. He straightened and made to stretch before remembering Adele.
Her head was still lying pillowed on his shoulder. In her sleep she had curled a little closer to his warmth, tucking her hand beneath her chin. He looked down at her for some time, studying her sleep flushed cheeks and the dark fringe of lashes that lay against her skin.
She was somehow very beautiful; not striking perhaps, but quietly pleasing. When awake her eyes drew all attention, mesmerising with their luminous wonder. While she slept it was possible to take in the finer points of her features; the smooth skin, the delicately sculpted mouth that seemed to smile even through the oblivion of dreams, and the thick hair that framed her face.
It was an odd feeling to watch her slumber, to feel her soft warmth within the circle of his arm, and the rise and fall of her breathing. It was almost guilty, as though he were witnessing something which he had no right to see. He couldnt remember ever having watched Aisly or Esme sleep. It seemed suddenly a painfully personal thing to observe, something he had no right to be doing.
He would have liked to allow her the luxury of resting a little longer but knew he could not, not after last night. He didnt know who those men were, or what they had wanted, but he did know that he wished to put as much distance between them and Adele as possible.
Lady Adele? He shook her shoulder gently, and felt her move away from his touch with a sigh. Lady Adele. 
Her eyes opened, their gaze dreamy and unseeing, and she blinked once, twice, and a third time.
Is it morning already?
Unfortunately, yes, my lady, replied Rafe, and we should resume our journey as quickly as possible. 
Adele was rubbing her eyes sleepily, but at his words she nodded and reached out to where Eda lay, still fast asleep.  
Wake up, Eda, tis morning.
Eda moaned and pulled the cloak up over her head.  
Now, now, Eda. You know that I can never be forceful before breakfast, so do not be difficult. Adele slowly got to her knees and crawled out from beneath the outcrop. Standing in the cold morning air she pushed some wisps of hair back from her face.
Eda, look; the rain has stopped and there is even a little sunshine!
T'will rain later I do not doubt, came Edas muffled voice from beneath the cloak.
Adele unbound the leather tie that held her hair tidy, and began to comb out the plait with her fingers as she turned toward Rafe.  
She will wake up in a moment, Finn, she may even deign to breakfast with us.
A muffled snort sounded from beneath the cloak, and Adele laughed. Rafe continued setting out the rye bread and chicken. It was only as he came to slice off a portion of cheese that he remembered that his dagger was buried in the tree by which the men had hidden. He stood, leaving both women to go and retrieve it. Adele watched him go, wondering why he seemed so distant and troubled with the arrival morning.  
Eda, if you wake up I shall tidy your hair for you. 
The cloak inched down a little and Eda regarded her speculatively.
You would?
Adele nodded. Eda slowly pulled herself upright, giving a groan.
I am so stiff, I could not even tell you. 
Adele smiled as she lifted Edas silken hair back from her face and pulled a comb through its luxuriant length. Sectioning the hair, she patiently tried to untangle the disordered curls. When Rafe returned it was to find Adele frowning and Eda wincing.
We shall have time to eat before we go then? 
Yes, I suggest you breakfast well for we will not stop again today until we make camp tonight.
Why are you in such a hurry? Ouch, Adele! Do try to be gentle!
Adele murmured her apologies, and continued to pull the comb through Edas hair. Eda winced and scowled as the comb caught on another knot and snagged.  
Why are you in such a hurry anyway? she asked snappishly. Not that I had noticed that our previous pace was relaxed.
Eda waited for Rafe to respond to her question, but he said nothing and continued to apportion the food in silence.  
He could tell them, but what would be the gain of such an action? Maybe it would impress upon them the importance of accomplishing this next stretch of their journey as quickly as possible. Then again it might just make them even more upset and anxious to know the further trouble they faced.  
He looked up to find Adeles eyes upon him, they did not question or rebuke him for failing to answer Edas question. They were filled with warm concern that, it seemed to him, stretched across the space that divided them and poured a soothing balm on his spirit.
Rafe had never known a feeling like he experienced then, could not explain it. All he knew was that as he looked at her it was as if time had stood still. The breeze rippled through Adeles hair sending long strands to float lazily on the air and brush against the column of her throat. If he had been closer Rafe knew he would have been hard pressed not to reach out and catch one of the snaking tendrils between his fingers.  He shook his head and looked away. Never before had he experienced such a desire, and even now he was embarrassed by its foolishness.
Adele watched him turn away, saw the dull colour spread over his features and wondered what had caused his embarrassment. Even as she turned back to continue to comb Edas hair she wondered if she would ever truly understand Finan of Gournay. Would she ever see more than the little that he allowed her to see? She felt as though there was so much that he hid from her, so much of himself that he withheld and kept in reserve.
She was startled to hear his voice when he spoke. She had thought that he would ignore Edas question but now he answered, the words coming hard and bitter from his mouth. He wouldnt look at them, but his eyes fixed on the fire with disgust and revulsion churning in their depths.
The lands which we must pass over today belong to Lord Gradock. Lord Gradock bears a grudge against Lord Rafe, if he finds us on his property he will kill us. 
My, my; is not Lord Rafe a well liked man, Adele? remarked Eda. What did he do to inspire such devotion? 
He killed Lord Gradocks son, Bertolf. Rafe stood, tucked the dagger into his belt, and walked to where the horses grazed peacefully.
Killed! gasped Eda hoarsely. He said killed, Adele. Great goodness for all we know Lord Rafe may have a Wergild on his head!
Adele was silent, eating her portion of rye bread and cheese with a thoughtful look upon her face. This new piece of information did not fit the image she had built up of Lord Rafe.
Adele, have you naught to say to this? demanded Eda.  Adele continued to chew silently for a moment, until her eyes fell on the third untouched portion laid out on the cloth.  She reached out a hand picking it up.
Look; Finn forgot to take his breakfast.
Is that all? Are you not even a little put out by this news? 
Adele met her friends eyes, and Eda saw that they were as unconcerned as always they were.
He really should eat it, I think I shall take it to him.

-------

Rafe did not hear Adele approach, he was too busy cursing himself for being every sort of fool. Did he wish to make her hate him? Did he want her to fear him? Why then did he have to phrase it like that, so baldly and without explanation. He had wanted to elucidate, to defend himself, but the words had stuck in his throat, choking him and bringing back the memory, the sickening feeling of helplessness.
How could he defend himself? Bertolf of Gradock had been a drunkard and a trouble maker, but that did not make Rafe feel any the better. He still felt heavily the blood on his hands.  
You were so insistent that we take our food, Finn, and yet look: you forgot your own.
Rafe stared at the parcel she held out to him for some time, but when his hand finally did reach out it was to wrap his fingers around her wrist.
It is not what you think.
If you knew what I was thinking you would know that you need not tell me that. I know Lord Rafe would never kill an innocent man.
Rafes grip tightened, turning his knuckles white.  
But he was or at least Rafe turned from her, sitting down on a fallen tree and resting his head in his hands.  We were banqueting in the kings hall. Rafe caught himself. That is, Lord Rafe and I. 
He could not quite meet Adeles eyes as he made the correction, but stared away through the trees. Everything he said seemed to draw him deeper into this deceit, even when baring his soul to her he could not be completely honest.
The banquet was held by Prince Aedelred in honour of the men that had fought alongside him to repel a raid made by Mercia. Bertolf was there, and as was his habit he had drunk to an excess. He and Prince Aedelred disputed over some small matter and eventually came to blows. Rafe paused, taking a deep breath and staring at a bare patch of earth kicked up by the horses.
Lord Rafe separated the two of them, but Lord Gradocks son staggered and fell against one of the benches. The fall broke his neck. Rafes face twisted bitterly, and Adele suddenly found his eyes upon her. You know; Prince Aedelred could not even recall over what they had quarrelled. So stupid, such a pointless waste of a life. 
For a moment they sat in silence, and Adele could see a terrible guilt in Rafes face.
It seems to me that Bertolfs life had already been wasted, Finn. What happened was not Lord Rafes fault. 
Tell that to Lord Gradock, returned Rafe. If we had not been there that night, his son would live still. Whose fault is that if not Lord Rafes?
The silence that greeted this question was broken by Adele standing abruptly. Rafe watched the colour disappear from her face and her eyes fill with fiery anger.  
Tis not your place to make such an observation concerning your lord, Finn. Her voice was tight and shaking with the effort to remain controlled. You are mistaken if you suppose that I should be so disloyal to him as to let you speak such things.
For a moment both stared at the other; Adele in trembling fury, and Rafe in complete surprise. He felt strangely humbled that she should show such loyalty to him, it grated horribly on his conscience when he thought that in return for her loyalty he was deceiving her.
This was the time to tell her, to admit the mistake
Yet he had so much more to lose now; her trust, her friendship, the easiness between them, and now her loyalty as well. No, better to wait until they reached Merrodon. His mouth opened that he might explain, but he had no words.  
Why do you defend him?
The second he had spoken he was aware of his mistake, but he was not sorry, he had a burning desire to hear her answer.  
Lord Rafe has been very kind to me, as I am sure he has been to you also.
Kind? He has ignored you for most of your life, yet you speak of his kindness?
Sparks of anger flew from Adeles eyes, and Rafe observed her hands clench in to fists.
Stop! This conversation must end now, before one of us. The look she gave him left him in no doubt as to whom she was referring. Before one of us says something that cannot be forgiven!
For a moment there was complete silence between them. It was broken by Rafe.
Your pardon, Lady Adele. He managed to gather his wits together just in time to save himself from a complete fall from grace. I am sorry if I have overstepped my place. 
Adele looked slightly mollified, but continued to regard him with a faintly frosty gleam in her eyes.  
I know that it is hard for you to have us to take care of. Adeles voice came with difficulty. I know that there are many problems that we are facing, do not think that I am unaware of the very great responsibility that weighs heavily on your shoulders. I know it is only because of these things, because you are tired and under stress, that you have spoken in this way, but but do not ever speak so of Lord Rafe again. Her eyes stirred with worry and something else that was not unfriendly, and suddenly her voice was anxious. For we are friends, Finn, and I Please, Finn, do not let us argue! 
Adele He stretched out a hand towards her.  
I thought that we were supposed to be starting out early and hastening to cover this next part of our journey as quickly as possible? Edas voice called from where she stood next to the smouldering fire.
Just a moment, Eda! Adele called back, but she hesitated and did not leave. Was there something else you wished to say, Finn? 
Rafe stared down into her face, knowing what he should do but still hesitating.
Adele
Adele, are you coming? Eda called again.  
In a moment, Eda. Adele turned questioning eyes back to Rafe. He sighed, looked down, and shook his head.  It would have to wait until they reached Merrodon, then there would be the opportunity to leave her alone with his revelation and give her time to adjust. He couldnt tell her here when after the confession had been made they would have to continue on in such close company. Awkward did not seem to be a big enough word to describe the atmosphere that would reign.
Twas naught, Lady Adele.
She nodded her head uncertainly and turned away. Rafe watched her leave, wishing even as she did that he had told her. He hesitated within himself on the brink of calling her back.
He was confused. He knew what he ought to do, knew that at some point the truth would come out and that the longer he waited to tell her the more likely it was that she would find out by herself. The more time that passed, the more deceived she would feel, but he knew he had to wait, now just was not an acceptable time to try to explain.
What is it, Finn? Eda had appeared beside him, her cloak pulled tight around her shivering form, and an expression of worry not unmixed with irritation on her pretty face.  Nothing, my lady.
Eda caught his arm as he turned from her. Her grip was surprisingly strong causing him to spin round to face her.  
Understand this, Finan. Her voice was calm but filled with warning. Lady Adele means more to me than you will ever know, and I can tell when something has occurred to distress her. Although I might not know you very well, anyone could see that you are ill at ease. 
For a moment they gazed at each other measuringly. 
I care not what you disagreed over, it matters not, but I wish you to understand that your responsibility toward Lady Adele is not just that you keep her safe, but that you keep her happy as well. 
It is a fact that I am well aware of, Lady Eda, replied Rafe grimly. I have apologised for the whole and begged Lady Adeles pardon. That must surely be enough to satisfy you? 
Eda continued to gaze at Rafe, her head a little to one side, a look in her eyes that he could not quite make out. It seemed to him that they contained a sympathy of sorts.  
You should be careful, Finan, for that which you are beginning to lose you cannot retrieve, and that which you are beginning to crave is not yours to request. Her eyes gleamed with unshed tears. In this I have experience, Finan, and I know that this path leads only to great heartache. Try to do that which I could not and turn from the road before you. 
Rafe frowned down into her reflective face. He was unsure of her meaning but aware that, whatever it was that she was trying to convey to him, it was in genuine kindness that she did so.
Her eyes earnestly bored into his, and in their depths he saw wistful sadness and great pain. Strange, but he had not paid Eda much attention. She had been an unnecessary bother to him, one who had the unfortunate habit of calling into question his every action, which annoyed him greatly.  
As he had only ever noticed her when she had dissented or complained, his opinion of her was a little biased, based as it was on characteristics he found most irritating. Now he found himself wondering why she was so sad, so low in spirit that she would approach a man she barely knew and whom, from all that had passed between them, she did not seem to like, and give him heartfelt counsel.
He was still staring at her in sudden interest when Adele reappeared, her cloak wrapped around her shoulders and her eyes down cast. She did look different from usual he had to own. She seemed ill at ease, and for the first time when he stepped forwards to lift her on to Chargers back he knew a moment of awkwardness.
It seemed suddenly a hard thing to slide his arm around her waist and lift her onto the great animals back. After he had released her and helped Eda to mount, he had the strangest notion that he could still feel Adeles softness within his arms.  
Adele did not look at him again, she stared rigidly down at Chargers mane as though it absorbed all her attention. In truth she was trying to ignore the way her heart was pounding. It was only because she and Finn had argued, she told herself. Yet even as she assured herself she winced, knowing it to be a lie. Somehow a lie seemed safer than the truth. The truth was far more complicated and, to be quite frank, it filled her with fear.
Still, the truth would have to be faced. It would do no good to ignore that she had wanted desperately to comfort Finn by any means possible, even if it had meant being disloyal to Lord Rafe. Finn would never know how strong the desire had been and, as a consequence, her words had been harsher than she had intended.
She had known that to have wavered, even a little, would have destroyed her resolve and found her taking her stand upon Finns side. She could not have done that however much she liked him. The knowledge that she had sided with him instead of Lord Rafe would have hung between them forever, and ultimately it would have harmed their friendship more than the words that had been spoken at this time.  
So why did she still feel regret?
Adele sighed heavily; things had become so much more difficult since leaving the fort. She had thought that, even though her life had been reclusive, she had learnt a great deal of people and of how to coexist peacefully with them.  Indeed she had believed that she had wisdom beyond her years in that respect. 
Life within a house full of women could not but be filled, upon occasion, with a certain nervous tension. Not that the ladies at the fort had been trouble makers or malicious, for the most part relations between all were very cordial. However there had been moments caused by a wrong word or action, maybe only a misunderstanding, when there had been the unpleasant feeling of discomfort in the air.  
Adele shook her head; but there had been nothing like this.  She could not explain how it was different, she only knew that it was and that the discomfort she felt as a result was also entirely new. Maybe it was because she and Finn had treated each other with the easy companionship of friends. The recollection of their respective stations had been a jarring note of discordance.
She could not but be sorry for it, she understood the trouble that she and Eda were to him. Yet he had not reproached them, even when she had been practically useless after that first days ride and had needed to stop at regular intervals all through the next day to ease the pain of her stiff muscles. He had not even balked when Eda had been at her most irritable.
Perhaps there was more to the incident than Finns brief account had implied? Maybe there was a personal element to the story that he had not included, and which made his bitterness a little more understandable. 
Adele was not sure what scared her more; that Finn could be so changeable, or the ease with which she found excuses for his behaviour.

Chapter Thirteen


Leofric stepped out of the tent and into the weak sunshine, stretching his aching muscles and closing his eyes against the light. On nights when he hadnt been able to sleep he saw this moment as his conciliation. It was the most amusing time of the day as the men in the camp staggered around drowsily.  These burly soldiers, only being half conscious, were apt to be, at this tender point in their day, as grumpy as bears. To watch them shambling around grunting whatever comments or answers they had to make, and generally betraying greatly antisocial tendencies, could not but tickle ones humour.  Provided, of course, that the one observing such behaviour had been awake for some time, and had already waded through the mists of half sleep.
Leofric pulled his cloak around his shoulders and made his way through the tents, leaving Finan to sleep on. He had no destination in mind, but drifted through the camp and on into the forest.
It was still in the shelter of the trees and silent but for the occasional creak of a tree branch. The coolness of the air revitalised him and he sat down on a tree stump, gazing at the beauty all around him. For a long time now the trees had been stripped of their leaves, and their empty limbs reached yearningly for the sky.
It was a while before he realised that he was not alone and, as the revelation hit him, he stared hard at the intruder.  
Who are you? The tone, even more than the actual words, conveyed a great deal of hostility.
Your pardon, Lord Leofric, I did not mean to startle you. 
Whether you did or did not makes no matter to me, answered Leofric impatiently. I asked who you are. 
My name is Tellan of Merrodon, replied Lord Merrodon, inclining his head a little.
That explains how you know me, what it does not explain is why you followed me to this place. A rather martial light came into Leofrics eyes. In the answer to that question I am greatly interested.
Lord Merrodon took a hasty step backwards and away from Leofric, interpreting his movements as antagonistic. In this conjecture he was quite correct.
I meant nothing by it, my lord, I wished only for a few moments discourse with you regarding the situation that I find myself in.
Leofric shrugged and waved a dismissive hand.  
I have no interest in the trivial differences of others, I will not take part in this matter. Be assured that Lord Rafe is more than capable.
Please reconsider, think a little. Lord Merrodons voice was persuasive. Lord Rafe is, I am sure, an excellent person, but he has proven himself unable to settle this affair. Lord Merrodon paused to gauge Leofrics reaction to this observation and found that he was attitude was stiff, and a hard glint had materialised in his eyes.
Go on.
Lord Merrodon leaned forward a little closer, continuing in the manner of a conspirator.
If you were able to settle this matter where Lord Rafe had been unable to succeed, only imagine the honour and glory that would be yours. Think of how pleased the king would be. Lord Merrodon smiled smoothly. Think how proud your father would be!
Leofrics fist shot out, catching Lord Merrodon on the jaw and jerking his head sideways. He fell backwards, sprawling on the carpet of leaves. Leofric hauled him to his feet roughly, but forbore to hit him again.  
Go! And be thankful that you still have the use of all your limbs! 
My lord
I said leave! I will not hear another word of your treachery and if you stay so much as a moment longer, I will give you the thrashing you deserve! 
Leofric thrust Lord Merrodon away from him and watched as he staggered away.
Leofric remained where he stood long after Lord Merrodon had disappeared from sight.
So this was what people thought of him, this was how they expected him to act. They believed he would betray his friends for parental recognition. Did they really suppose that his father would be impressed by such a base action?  
Yes, his father wanted him to succeed like Rafe - or even surpass him. However, he would not relish his sons success if attained in such a way, surely they could see that? Leofric felt a prickle of unease spread down his neck, and rubbed his eyes tiredly.  Just a few moments ago he had been happy in spite of his restless night. Now he was filled with a cold, heavy emotion he recognised only too well. He began to make his way back to the camp slowly, the slope of his shoulders conveying with precision the depths to which his spirits had plummeted.
He wanted to pretend that his father would be as horrified as he was himself by Lord Merrodons words. However Leofric knew that his father would have had him best Rafe by fair means or foul.
He sighed.
His father had always wanted so much from him. For years Leofric had been pressed to study all of the things in which Rafe excelled, that he might surpass him whatever the cost.  Leofric felt somehow responsible for the feelings that now filled his fathers heart, because it was possible that he could have done better if he had tried.
Yet he never had tried. 
He had always resented his fathers obvious belief that Rafe was better than him, and for most of his life he had fought his sire in the only way he knew how: by refusing to be that which he wished him to be.
Yet the more they fought, the further from each other they became, and Leofric knew that it cost them both greatly.  Now it was too late.
For years they had argued, now they just drifted, each painfully aware of the other, disappointed with the other, but having nothing left to say to each other. Every word that could possibly have been said had been spoken, and now there was only silence and emptiness left.
Leofric stepped out of the trees and wandered back to Finans tent. He approached just as Finan, his gaze somewhat bleary, stepped out into the sunshine. Leofric forced a smile onto his face, and lifted his hand in salutation.  
I see you managed to join us. Anyone might think you had been up all night, Finan! His voice was filled with merriment. Leofric had learnt the art of disguise a long time ago.  He almost deceived himself.

------

Rafe pulled gently on Valliants rein, pulling the horse to a stop.  
Finn? What is it? Eda asked. 
Her customary waspishness had vanished since their conversation of the morning, and now when she addressed him it was with easy cordiality.  
Horse tracks, Rafe answered.
Is that bad?
It means that someone has passed this way recently. Rafe looked around at the many hoof prints. At least six horses with riders.
How can you tell whether there were riders or not? 
I can see where they reined the horses in. Rafe shifted and, clinging tightly to Valiant, hung from the horses side to get a closer look at the tracks. They passed this way not long ago. 
His voice remained bland, but there was a furrow between his brows that told with eloquence of the worry he felt. Rafe hauled himself upright and looked through the trees meditatively.
It could be a patrol of some kind, if that were the case and they had already passed this way lately it was possible that they would be able to avoid a confrontation.  On the other hand it could be a hunt, and if that were the case it was more worrying. A hunt would career madly across the countryside, and such a course could not be calculated and avoided. Rafe urged Valiant forwards to inspect the ground further out between the trees and found evidence of two more horses and riders, as well as the tracks of hunting dogs.  He knew that the urgency of their journey was increased greatly, as was the chance of capture.
Finn?
It was the first time Adele had addressed him since the sharp words that had passed between them.
Tis a hunting party.
Then surely we are safe, for they will not come this way again, will they? asked Eda. Rafe wished he felt such a certainty but did not depress her hopes with his own, less cheerful, reading of the situation.
We should continue moving.
Rafe judged that they were perhaps half way across Lord Gradocks lands, a few hours more and they would be safe.  Maybe Eda was right; it was possible that the hunting party would not come this way again but was now far away.
Still he slowed his pace a little; if the hunt did come this way again, he wished to hear their approach, not lose the warning sound in the frenzy of their own speed.  For some time it seemed as though his fears were groundless, and they continued through the peaceful forest unhindered. Then he heard the sound he had been dreading; the galloping of horses and the barking of dogs. He reined in, listening intently with his head to one side.  
Finn, should we not?
Eda broke off as Adeles hand covered her mouth and silenced her. They all sat quietly for innumerable seconds as the sound moved closer to them. Rafe closed his eyes trying to decide from which direction the clamour was coming from.  
This way!
Valiant seemed to leap forwards suddenly, and Charger followed without encouragement from either Adele or Eda.  Both women clung to the horse and prayed that they might keep their seat.
Rafes choice of direction was true, but the hunt emerged just close enough behind them to see them disappearing into the trees. Rafe heard a shout go up and then the commotion of the riders turning their mounts in a new direction.  Rafe plunged through the undergrowth, swerving this way and that, completely confident in Valliants ability to out run the horses behind him. However he knew Charger could not, not when he carried two riders. Abruptly Rafe pulled Valiant to a standstill and, sliding from the horse, reached an imperative hand up to Eda.
Charger cannot out run those horses with the two of you to carry, you must ride Valiant, Eda.
But
Now, Eda!
Eda found herself obediently slipping from Chargers back and was the next second firmly seated on Valiant.  
Ride as hard as you can. Merrodon borders these lands, you should be there by nightfall. Follow the old Roman road. Go straight to Lord Merrodon, Lord Rafes army will be there. 
Finn, what will you do? asked Adele.
My duty is to see that you are safe, I stay here. 
But Before Eda had a chance to finish Rafe had slapped Valliants rump, sending him away at a canter. Eda could do nothing but cling to his mane. Charger followed and soon both horses were out of sight.
Rafe drew his sword and turned to meet the hunting party as they approached. There were seven men, led by a youth probably still short of his fourteenth year. All halted as they came across Rafe standing alone and with sword drawn before him. For a moment all was still, and then the youth urged his horse a few steps nearer.
These lands belong to the House of Gradock. His attitude was lazily insolent. What is your business upon them, stranger? 
I merely travel across them, answered Rafe.
And what became of your horse?
It bolted.
The fair haired youth laughed scornfully at such ineptitude.
It strikes me that I know you from somewhere.
Tis possible, I am known to some.
As what Bolting Horse?
A general murmur of amusement rippled through the riders.
Only by the village half wit, replied Rafe.  
Anger flared up within the youth, flushing his face with vivid colour, and when next he spoke his voice was tight with fury.
Whip the dog for his impudence, he demanded.  
Three of his men slid from their horses and advanced on Rafe menacingly. Rafe watched them calmly, his eyes alert to their every movement, before suddenly launching upon them a ferocious attack.
As the fight progressed the figures involved became ever more frantic, and with an irritated cry of impatience the youth sent yet more of his men into the breach.  Rafe wielded his sword with the desperation of a man who knew his task to be hopeless, but was never-the-less determined to expend his all in defiance of his fate.  
Rafe never could understand how he managed to hold them off for so long, but when he found himself face down on the dried leaves he knew he had accomplished his task. Adele had escaped to him that was all that mattered.

Chapter Fourteen


It was some time later that Rafe regained consciousness. He was aware of the coolness of the floor beneath him, and as he opened his eyes he saw that he was now inside a large building.
In the time it took him to gather his wits, his eyes traced the path of the beams down to where they joined the walls. They continued their journey down the bare wooden wall to find a large open fire, roaring fiercely, and two rough chairs set each side of its warmth.
He turned his head, wincing as pain shot through him, and his cheek touched the cold dirt floor. There was no pretence to elegance: the furniture was ugly but serviceable, the unadorned walls merely a shelter from the elements, giving the room an air of functionality rather than homeliness.  
The chair directly across from him caught his attention. It was occupied by a large framed man, tending slightly towards paunch but strong looking for all that. He lounged across the chair, leaning on one of the arms, sunk so deeply into the furs that covered it that he lay almost full stretch. His hair was dark and a beard covered the lower half of his face. His eyes, as they lazily surveyed Rafe, were shaded by thick brows that jutted ominously.
They were eyes, Rafe noted, that held recognition, a recognition that was no doubt reflected in his own.  Though he could not recall ever having spoken to Daegmund of Gradock, he did know him by sight.  
I would never have believed you to be so foolish as to stray onto my lands, Valrek.
Rafe was pulling himself upright, a hand gently cradling his sore head, but at these words his eyes jerked up to meet Daegmunds.
Your lands?
My lands, affirmed Daegmund. My esteemed father died at harvest time fortunately for you. He would have had you drawn and quartered, and sent the pieces back to Valrek!  Some would say tis no less than you deserve. 
Rafes fingers traced the lump on his head gently, wincing slightly at its tenderness.
What happened between your brother and I was ill chance, I meant him no harm.
However ill chanced it may have been, Gradock blood was spilt. There is only one way that can be made right; the letting of more blood.
You will be punished for whatever revenge you take upon me, returned Rafe shortly.
Daegmund grunted and reached out a hand for the goblet of ale at his elbow.
A fine? What is money to pride? My father would have cared nought no matter how high the price; you killed his favourite son.
Rafe studied his captor carefully. Nothing in Daegmunds demeanour indicated violence or bitter anger, he seemed in fact lazily unconcerned.  
You need not go the same road as a grieving old man. He stood, swaying slightly, and reached out a hand to brace himself against the second chair. 
I am sorry for what happened, truly I am. Do not think that I treat the thing lightly.  I feel the weight of your brothers death, but it was an unfortunate event, one that you must believe I did not wish for.
Rafe passed a weary hand over his eyes, not sure why he was even trying to convince Daegmund of his innocence. The man had lost his brother, then his father, he was immersed in grief, what time did he have for explanations?  Grief was a strange thing, it made people act irrationally, did he not know that himself? Nothing could alleviate the pain. 
He remembered back to the battle of Calis, his first battle. The battle in which he had lost one of his greatest friends, Finans younger brother Evoric had died that day. He could remember everything with such clarity, so stark and completely unsoftened by the sixteen years that separated that day from this one. He remembered the mud that had seeped slowly through his clothes as he had sat beside Evoric, the fear that bound him to his side, the horror of knowing that soon he would be gone. 
Crippling sadness had engulfed him as he had realised that never again would they laugh together. Never again would they lay on the grassy bank of the river at Valrek enjoying a companionable silence.  He remembered the agony of Finans despair, the hurt and anger that had filled his foster brother with misery. If he had been presented at that moment with Evorics killer, if that man had then excused himself and said that Evoric had fallen upon his sword, that he had not wished him any harm, would he have listened, would he have cared for anything that the man might have said?
You think I care ought for your explanations? asked Daegmund. My honour is at stake and you think I could care anything for your penitence?
Rafe set his jaw, his fingers curling into fists.  
I meant your brother no harm, and had he not been so full of drink he could hardly stand upright no harm would have come to him.
So now you think to shirk the blame? 
I shirk nothing! I know the part I played and I know that it was in innocence that I played it. I beg off from nothing; not from punishment or culpability, but the fault was not all my own and you are wrong if you suppose that any revenge that you could devise for me would be more keen than the promptings of conscience I have suffered.
Gradock laughed softly, his voice mocking and filled with genuine amusement. Rafe heard the sound of someone clapping, and turned to see the youth he had spoken to earlier sitting in the shadows down one end of the hall.
He seems a little nave, Brother. The youth strolled lazily forward to stand next to the fire. Not a quality I had expected to find in the great Rafe of Valrek!
Not nave, Anlaf, replied Daegmund. Merely uncomprehending.
Daegmunds eyes returned to Rafe and he made a little gesture of introduction.
You do not know my younger brother Anlaf, I think? 
Anlaf inclined his head a little, and Rafe wondered at the incongruity of such a polite introduction under the circumstances.
And so now we come to the crux of the matter, continued Daegmund of Gradock. What do I do with you? 
Rafe looked from one to the other of their matter of fact faces; he felt angry and sick at their gloating. Their grief over their brothers death he could understand, he even understood their wish to punish him for the accident that had taken Bertolf away from them. What he could not understand was the way they wished to torment him. It was something he had no craving to comprehend, and it was certainly not an activity he intended to participate in.
Daegmund saw him fall silent, saw his attitude change, and an expression enter his eyes that, for some reason that Daegmund could not fathom, caused him to experience a sudden sensation of wariness.
It irritated him.
As I have explained, for the sake of family honour there is only one thing to be done: I must avenge my brother, and you must die. Daegmund paused and spread his hands.  However, as you have stated such a course of action would not be without its consequences. I have no desire for a wergild over my head for I have heard, and here I must bow to your superior knowledge, that they are an unpleasant burden. 
They are, very unpleasant, replied Rafe stiffly.
You have to say that to convince me to spare you! reasoned Daegmund.
Rafes eyes met his a steely light in their depths.
I see your dilemma.
But you have not even begun to see! objected Daegmund. Added to all of this is the fact that I am indebted to you! 
You surprise me.
Yes, I rather thought I would. If it had not been for your intervention my brothers premature demise might not have occurred for some time. Daegmund paused looking thoughtful. Although knowing what I do of Bertolf, it is entirely possible he could have achieved his end without help, the useless, drunken, sot!
Rafes startled eyes met those of Daegmund and found them to be full of mirth.
Of course it did not occur to you that I might be pleased to have him out of my way. He was an embarrassment, a fool who had no thought in his head except for that of his next drink. To him was entrusted the wealth and prosperity of our House! he muttered disgustedly. Your family is bound together by love and affection. Mine is bound by the bonds of honour, for goodness knows that we have no love for each other. The only reason we have survived this long is pride in our family name. We may hate each other, but others are not allowed the same luxury. So you see, through you I have attained my brothers station. It seems to me a little ungracious to kill you after you have done me such a good turn. Yet I cannot be seen to allow you to escape without punishment.
I do not see how you will address the matter satisfactorily then, it seems to be hopeless.
Can you not? queried Daegmund. The answer is before you, just the same.
For a moment there was silence between them and Daegmund leant forwards in his chair, a contented smile creasing his face.
You are being followed. Daegmund fell back in to the comfort of the furs, and lifted his eyebrows triumphantly.  Surely the great Rafe of Valrek must have known he was being followed?
I was aware.
Did you really think that I would not know also? 
It may surprise you, Daegmund, but I am not in the habit of giving any thought to you at all. 
Sharp colour rose in Daegmund of Gradocks cheeks and, for the first time, Rafe saw a resemblance between him and the youth, Anlaf.
You are a fool, Valrek. A rather ugly look entered Daegmunds eyes, displaying the temper that the House of Gradock was famed for. So know your fate: I will turn you back onto my lands without horse, bow, axe, or spear. Sword I will allow you, for I like to see some sport! We will see how long you can evade those who are pursuing you. When they catch you, and catch you they will, I will have avenged my brothers blood, restored my honour, and all without any action for which I can be punished!
And if I escape?
Daegmund tilted his head to one side, gazing at Rafe with an amused and thoughtful air.
Hang it! He slapped the arm of his chair. If you escape then this business will be at an end, you will deserve the reprieve. Do you not agree, Anlaf?
The youth pulled out his knife, twisting the blade so the jewels in the hilt caught the light.  
It seems reasonable, Daegmund, his eyes narrowed, but I would not be so sure that he will not escape. 
That is because you are nought but a foolish boy, smiled Daegmund fondly.
Anlaf smiled and shook his head.
You saw not how he fought today, Brother, he replied softly. Who was on the other horse?
The question startled Rafe and Anlaf, sensing that he had unsettled him, leaned forward.
That is it, is it not? You fought like a madman; twas for whomever was on that horse.
Rafe looked from Anlafs eager face to that of his brother. Daegmunds eyes had lost some of their laziness and had become surprisingly keen. For the first time Rafe felt the acceleration of his heart at the thought that Daegmund might guess that it had been Adele who had accompanied him.  If he sent out riders after them would they have a sufficient head start?
Rafe wondered where they were, if they were safe? What if they hadnt made it to the border? What if some accident had befallen them? His imagination began to take over his more rational thoughts, and he envisioned all manner of unlikely things to have occurred.
A raiding party from Mercia could well have come upon them and two such beautiful prizes would be a temptation that was hard to resist. And what of those who had been following them from the start, waiting, for all he knew, for just such a moment as this? Adele could even now be helpless in their power! 
Rafe took a deep breath and sank into the chair before him. Such foolish flights of fancy were not helpful, nor were they something he usually indulged in.  
If that is how this will be settled, then return my sword and let me go.
Daegmund looked surprised.
Now?
If you have not changed your mind, those were the terms of the agreement and now I want to leave. 
If that is your wish, I merely thought that you might care to rest a little and take some food first.
You thought I might what?
Daegmund struggled upright and raised a hand, the gesture was placating.
I fear I have not made my position clear to you, tis my temper curse it. I wish you no ill, but I must be seen to do something: my family expects it. To them it matters not whether you wished to harm Bertolf, all that matters is honour. That does not mean that I wish to see you fail in this endeavour.
Your family will hardly be satisfied should I triumph, replied Rafe.
Still you do not understand! Daegmund shook his head exasperated. You still suppose this is about love. Allow me to assure you that that is not the case, how could it be for you know what Bertolf was! This is about retaining our pride, about being seen to have extracted some revenge, some recompense.
The wergild I handed over to your family was not recompense enough? asked Rafe dryly.  
Daegmund waved his hand in a gesture of dismissal.  
The wergild we were forced to take. King Ine demanded that we accept payment rather than demand retribution with the sword. It lost its significance; it was no longer a way to end the wrong, but became a further degradation to make us appear weak. This arrangement restores to us the element of choice that was denied us before.
Rafe was silent for a moment, his head bent and his eyes fixed on the floor.
That is what this is all about? he demanded eventually.  You perceive that your hand has been shortened in some way?
It has nothing to do with perception! We have been imposed upon and our movements restricted as though we had been children!
Perhaps if you had not displayed such an unwillingness to end the matter without further violence, no one would have seen fit to force your hand!
And if you had not meddled in an argument that was not your own, you would not have found yourself in the situation to begin with!
 Such an argument as this achieves nothing, he stated, biting back the next recrimination that sprang to his lips. I have business to attend to; allow me to leave that I might see to it.
Daegmunds anger ebbed and he shook his head. Standing, he made his way to the table at the other side of the room and lifted Rafes sword from its surface.
It was a particularly fine sword, one that had been in the Valrek family for generations. It had never left Rafes fathers side during all his years of service to King Ine. It was only when Lord Brogan had retired from the kings service that he had passed it, and all of the responsibility it symbolised, on to Rafe.  
He could remember the first time that he had taken its jewel encrusted hilt into his hand, knowing it was his, and had felt the pride of his forbears flood through his veins. Now Daegmund of Gradock held it out towards him, and he reached out to take hold of its familiar weight.
If you should elude those who follow you it is the word of Daegmund, Lord of Gradock, that you have paid off any debt of guilt which you owed to the House of Gradock. 
Daegmund released the sword, and Rafe returned it to its sheath at his side.
Who was she?
Daegmunds question, coming so wholly without warning, caused him to pause momentarily, his grip on the hilt becoming a little more purposeful.
Who?
Daegmund gestured to the sword.
Ebba; her name is written on the blade.
Rafe looked down at the sword in relief. 
Tis the name of my mother. My grandmother and great-grandmothers names are above it. Rafe held the sword up for Daegmund to inspect. Tis a family tradition. Every man that bears this sword inscribes the name of his wife upon it so that, even in battle, they are not separated. 
Rafe looked up to find Daegmund gazing at him with an uncomfortably penetrating stare.
I see. You had best be on your way, Rafe of Valrek, you have no time to spare. Anlaf will show you the way. 
He knew.
Rafe did not know how, but he was sure that Daegmund knew exactly who his travelling companion had been.  
He knew about Adele.

Chapter Fifteen


Rand crouched in the clearing and studied the ground carefully. From what he could tell there were tracks of several horses and a few hunting dogs.
Master? Bron was on his knees beside him. Master, you know what this means?
That they met up with a hunting party from Gradock. 
More than that, Master, replied Bron. Two horses continued in that direction. Bron pointed off into the forest.  But they left someone here.
Anxiety became evident in Rands eyes, and Bron noticed tension beginning to build up in his masters frame.  
Twas neither of the ladies, Master. Bron pointed to the disturbed ground. There was an almighty fight. 
The warrior? asked Rand quickly.
Yes, Master. I would say that he sent the ladies on alone and held the hunt here so that they could make it to safety. 
Why were they in danger from the hunt? asked Rand, turning to survey the surroundings.
Bron shook his head indicating ignorance and Rand sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. 
Very well: for some reason they were in danger from the hunt. The warrior stayed and fought, but it does not seem as though they killed him, there is no blood. 
No, agreed Bron. The fighting was fierce, but when the warrior went down they dragged him over here. Bron stepped over to where the leaves had been drawn into a pile.  From here they must have lifted him onto a horse.
Then Lady Adele is without protection.
Perhaps.
Rand had stood and was making his way back to his horse, but he turned at this utterance and watched as Bron frowned down at the ground.
What is it?
Bron hesitated.
Something that I do not understand. He pointed again to the forest floor. This is another two sets of horse tracks which are only a few hours old. They enter from a different direction to the rest. One rider dismounted and followed Lady Adeles tracks, the other took both horses and returned from whence he came.
What! Rand returned to Brons side. 
What is this all about? he wondered aloud, raising his hand to his brow in bewilderment and closing his eyes.
Why did the warrior think that Lady Adele would not be safe from Gradocks men? Why did he prefer to risk sending them away without protection into he knew not what danger?  Why did Gradock seize the warrior in the first place with such violence, only to let him go. And why deny him a horse? Rand looked again to Bron as if appealing for an answer to the conundrum.
Perhaps, Master, the only way we will ever know is to find the one who makes those tracks.
Bron caught the bridle of Lord Rands horse and led it to his master. It was only when both men were seated on their mounts again that Rand spoke.
We have followed this man for some days now, Bron, have you not yet learnt that he is harder to keep track of than you might at first think?
Bron looked vaguely affronted.
I have yet to meet the man I could not track. 
And so you doubt that such a man exists? returned Lord Rand with a grin.
I shall make you this promise, Master, replied Bron evenly. I will follow his tracks to their finish as sure as the sun will rise tomorrow. As to catching him that I will not promise, for it is a different matter entirely. 
Bron had been studying the ground carefully as he talked, and now he reined in his horse.
What is it? asked Rand.
The tracks split here.
Rand leaned forwards in his saddle.
The two horses?
No, Master, the two horses went in that direction, but the warrior went east.  
The warrior is of secondary importance. Rand shifted, looking worried. Still; I do not like the idea of being unaware of his whereabouts.
He paused for a moment.
You had better take two of the men and follow his tracks. I will follow Lady Adele.
Bron nodded, but looked a little doubtful.
Well what is it? asked Lord Rand at length.
I was only wondering, Master, if perhaps you might need me here with you?
Can you be suggesting, Bron, that you think me incapable of following these tracks without your help? 
Bron belatedly saw his mistake, and found himself speechless. After a few uncomfortable minutes of silence Lord Rand flicked his mount with his leather bridle.  Just so, Bron.
I did not
Enough, Bron, the subject becomes tiresome. Rands mount moved forward eagerly, but he reined in again. Bron! 
Yes, Master?
Bring the warrior to me alive. Rand hesitated and then smiled. Be careful.
Thank you, Master.
You are upon occasion useful to me, Bron. Rands smile wavered, and his voice took on a more serious. I mean it; keep sharp. The warriors movements will be unexpected, they always are.
Yes, Master.
Bron raised his hand in a gesture of farewell, and moved to follow the warriors tracks. They lead him away from those his master followed and into a more wooded part of the forest.  The going was harder, suited to a man on foot but less suited to a rider on horseback. Bron surmised that it was actually the more direct route over Lord Gradocks lands, but that the one his master followed was the easier to cover.  
He wondered a little at his master, at the eager pace at which he was pursuing his present course. For himself Bron felt that there were far too many unanswered questions about the profitability of such a journey as this.  The battle of Calis had been so long ago, surely the bitterness and enmity was better left alone than stirred up all over again. 
His master would be better investing his time elsewhere, with some pretty little maid who thought that the sun rose and set at his command. Come to that he would not mind the chance of finding one of those himself.  
Bron wasnt entirely sure what his master expected to gain from his present course. Lord Rand was of a secretive nature, a circumstance that had caused great friction between him and his father. It had probably not helped that Lord Rand had spent part of his childhood at Valrek with Lord Brogan and his son Rafe.
Lord Brogan had not utilised the custom of sending his son to be fostered by another family, but had been happy to accept the sons of other thurls into his home. Along with Lord Rand, Leofric, son to Lord Drogand, had spent part of his childhood at Valrek. So too had Finan and Evoric of Gournay, Lord Gournays youngest sons. There had been talk at the time that Lord Rand had been betrothed to Lady Esme of Valrek, that her younger sister, Aisly, would become betrothed to Evoric of Gournay. However Evoric had been killed at the battle of Calis before any betrothal had been announced.
Lord Rand had never made any allusion to Evorics death, or to his life at Valrek. Bron had always wondered why. Was it because he had hated to spend his time within Valreks walls? Or was it because he had found his life richer there?  
Bron did not know, nor was he likely to ask.

-------

Adele snuggled closer to Chargers neck. It was dark and so very cold, his warmth gave her comfort and her fingers entwined in his mane were the only thing keeping her from losing her seat.
Around her the trees had thinned and they had entered a clearer, flatter terrain. The moon shone brightly, illuminating the desolate landscape with ethereal light. Adele hardly noticed; all she could think of was Finn.  She wished that she could forget how it had felt to leave him behind, watching over her shoulder as his figure had become more and more indistinct.
What was happening to him now?
No, she wasnt sure that that was something she wanted to think about.  
Would she ever see him again?
She didnt really want to think about that either.
How had this happened?
More importantly how would it end?
She wished so desperately that Lord Rafe were present, then she could throw the burden of her worry upon his shoulders and find relief. He would know what to do surely? Maybe he could save Finn from Lord Gradock? Then again, it was Lord Rafe that Lord Gradock was incensed with. With that in mind it seemed unfair to expect that Lord Rafe could do anything, it was an impossible position all round. 
Eda?
What is it?
Do you suppose that we are still going in the right direction?
For all I know we could be travelling in circles, sighed Eda. This is completely ridiculous: I have not the faintest notion where we are, I am so tired I can hardly sit upright. My head aches, along with other parts of my anatomy that I cannot possibly mention. Tis dark and scary, and every time an owl hoots I almost fall from this horse, so why Edas voice suddenly filled with tears. Why is it that all I can think of is what that dreadful man might be doing to Finn, whilst we wander aimlessly around the country side doing very little to help ourselves or him!
Adele reached out across the space that separated her mount from Edas, and took her friends hand in her own.  
Tis all I can think of too.
Eda wiped her tears away angrily.
So pathetic! Great goodness, I never knew how stupid I could be!
Both women sat in silence for a moment, listening to the sounds of the forest.
What should we do? asked Eda at length. We have no way of knowing where we are; we could have passed by Merrodon and not known it.
Finn said that we would be able to find our way. 
He said that we should be there by night fall. Eda gestured hopelessly. I see no village. Mercias border is close, what if we should cross it by accident? 
Finn told us that we were not to stop, not until we had reached safety. Have you forgotten those who follow us? 
They must stop and have some respite too, Adele. Just think; if we rest, just for a little while, we could wait until morning and try to think of some plan. 
Adele was tempted; it seemed so logical. Surely Eda was right and that those on their trail needed rest also. She felt so weary, the need to sleep weighed down her eyes and pulled on her whole body. It seem that to lie down and rest just for a moment could not hurt.
Adele shook herself awake. Finn had said to carry on, and if that is what Finn had said, then it was what they must do. She had enough faith in him to know that he was correct.  
It is best that we do just as Finn told us. 
Adele watched Eda nod her head regretfully. The moonlight hid the expression in her eyes but flooded her face, making her appear deathly pale. Adele felt that she was doing the right thing. The thought of those following them, those who had attacked them that first night at the camp, filled her with a fear.  She snuggled into her cloak, pulling it up around her face to cover the tip of her ice cold nose. Her fingers were so chilled she could barely grip the rein.
They would have died that first night if it hadnt been for Finn. She remembered how fierce he had looked standing in the light from the fire, filled with such anger that it had seemed as though he and the flames had somehow been one.  Adele frowned, such a statement seemed an exaggeration and yet, no matter how fanciful it sounded, that was how she felt. In any case the fact remained that Finn had saved her and Edas lives. They owed him their lives twice over, and it was a circumstance that she was determined to make Lord Rafe and everyone else aware of.
Finn would have his glory, she only hoped that he would live to enjoy it. Adele bit her lip; she wished she had not put that thought into words. It brought tears to smart behind her eyelids. She had realised before that Finans life hung in the balance, but it had been unprocessed information hovering on the edge of her consciousness. In giving it the form of a thought, she had taken away the detachment she had hitherto been able to feel when thinking of the danger he was in.  
They travelled for some time without speaking, to Adele it was the most miserable silence she had ever endured. At first she didnt notice the change when it came, but suddenly she was aware that the noise of the horses hooves upon the ground was different. Adele searched her sleepy mind, trying to remember why it was important, and suddenly sat upright with a yell.
Eda, can you hear?
Eda gazed at her friend in open worry, she had never seen Adele hysterical but maybe the strain had been too much for her.
Hear what?
Clip, clop, clip, clop! replied Adele, giggling in relief.
Eda reined in her horse abruptly.
That is it, we have to stop! Tis too much; you are tired and beginning to scare me.
Adele caught Edas arm as she made to dismount.
No, wait! Finn said that there would be a road, remember? He said that we would come across a stone road built by the Romans, and that we should follow it because it would lead us to Merrodon.
And?
Did you not hear? We have just come across it, the horses hooves began to make a different noise: clip, clop? Adeles voice trailed off, and she gazed at Eda in an open plea for understanding.
Eda was tired, confused, and slightly worried by Adeles behaviour. Still she managed to grasp that suddenly, mercifully, not only did they now know where they were, but also how to proceed onto Merrodon. Strangely enough though, however great her relief was, all she managed by way of rejoinder was to murmur a faint oh good.  Adele looked rather taken aback.
Yes, it it is pretty good, she replied, some of her exuberance disappearing. We should reach Merrodon without trouble now. She leaned forwards over Chargers neck. We are almost there, boy. I know you are tired but just a little longer and then you can rest.
Adele straightened and turned back to Eda, a sudden look of quiet determination settling over her features. 
 Come, Eda; the sooner we make it to Merrodon, the sooner we can tell Lord Rafe of all that has happened. 
Eda nodded her head in agreement and gathered Valliants reins in her hands.
And the sooner we can help Finn, Eda finished quietly.

Chapter Sixteen


Finan gazed out into the mist. It was early, a cold damp day of drizzle falling from invisible skies. He shuddered involuntarily. It was too silent, too still. He couldnt see ten foot through the cloudiness that surrounded him, and he felt exposed, defenceless, and open to attack. Agitation churned in his stomach, and his hand moved to grip his sword in a clammy grasp.
Tis just as well Rafe is not here, came a languid voice from behind him. He would be driven mad by such weather. 
Finan tensed and turned quickly. Leofric eyed his friends partly drawn sword. Finan cleared his throat uncomfortably, sliding the weapon back into its sheath.  
He never could stand the damp, Finan returned foolishly, a clumsy attempt to hide the nervousness that he had betrayed.
Leofric had a cloak flung around his shoulders, and a steaming goblet in either hand. Finan accepted the beverage and inhaled its sweet aroma.
He says it demoralises the men; in truth tis only that it pricks his impatience.
Leofric watched his friends obvious unease from sharp eyes, but when he spoke it was with a light-hearted laugh.  
He is right; I feel completely demoralised. He gave Finan a nudge. What say we go and toast ourselves by the fire? 
Not just yet.
Leofric eyed his friend perspicaciously and then nodded, looking out into the mist. For a moment both men were silent; one with an anxiety that held a strange kind of panic, and the other with languid easiness.
Eventually Leofric leaned towards Finan, his eyes never wavering from contemplation of the white cloudiness.
What is it that we are looking for? he whispered.
Nothing.
I can see plenty of that.
Finan forced a smile that he was obviously far from feeling.  
Do not pretend to be more of a fool than you already are, Fricka.
Me? replied Leofric, affecting to be stung by such injustice. This from the man who has spent the last hour staring out into the mists in search of nothing! 
Finan did not respond, and Leofric dropped his attempt at cheering him.
Come, Finan, what is it?
For the first time Finan looked irritated by Leofrics questioning.
Nought that I can explain, he replied shortly. Tis only the mist, it unsettles me.
Finan may not have wished to explain his feelings to his friend but it did not really matter, for Leofric knew why Finan was so agitated.
It was all on account of Lord Targhe.
For on just such a morning as this, sixteen years ago, Evoric had died.
Leofric had not been present at the battle of Calis, being only a small boy at the time. Rafe had been the one to tell him all that had transpired that day, and in his pain Rafes account had been graphic and without omitance.  
It had been early, the mist had been present at first light. Evoric had joked that he wished it had remained dark, for then at least he had been able to hope that the morning would bring sunshine. They had been stationed as lookouts, a small group of soldiers huddled around a fire.
At that point there had been no action, in fact there had still been hope that negotiation could be made. Rafe had said that although the night had been damp and cold, both he and Evoric had enjoyed their first foray into camp life. Finan had watched over them in amusement, and jeered playfully at their inexperience from his own lofty five years seniority.  
When the attack came it was as unexpected as it was fierce. Suddenly men had loomed up out of the white obscurity surrounding them, one of them grabbing Evoric by the shoulder. Finan had lunged at his brothers attacker, and together they had rolled from sight. One of the lookouts had managed to sound the alarm before an enemys blade had silenced him forever. Rafe had found his sword and turned to grapple with another phantom like shadow. At his left he had seen Evoric similarly engaged, but their exertions had carried them away from one another.
The next time Rafe had seen Evoric had been at the approach of dusk when he had all but stumbled over the boy where he lay in the mud.
Finan rarely spoke of that day, but it had left a mark upon him that Leofric knew he would always bear.  
What was that?
Leofric started out of his reverie and watched as Finan tilted his head.
I heard nothing.
Finan lifted his hand, demanding silence, and stared out into the milky whiteness. Both men stood listening intently.
Horses. Leofric shook his head. I cannot make out from which direction they are coming. 
Leofric heard the rasp of Finans blade as he pulled it from the sheath at his side. His friend had paled dramatically, and he flexed restless fingers against the hilt. Leofrics own hand came to rest on his sword, but he did not pull it free of its scabbard. To his ears, the approaching hoof beats were tired of pace.
Dim shapes began to emerge from obscurity, at first vague, nothing more than shadows. As they came closer they took on the more recognisable form of horse and rider. Leofric had seen many strange things in his life but never before had he felt such a certainty that he must still be asleep and dreaming.
Out of the mist came two ladies, one dark and the other fair, both tired, clinging sleepily to their mounts and possessing a great deal of ethereal beauty. It seemed to Leofrics befuddled mind that they and the suddenly enchanted whiteness were really one.
Perhaps you could tell me, kind sir, in which direction Merrodon lies?
It was the fairer of the two that spoke, her voice warmly husky, the words slurred slightly with sleepiness. Her gaze fell briefly on Finans sword but as she lifted her eyes to his face, Leofric could see that they were free of fear and filled with a soft, untroubled peacefulness.
You have arrived at Merrodon, my lady, responded Finan, his voice a little shaky as he slid his sword back into its sheath. Perhaps I might direct you to your final destination? 
I seek Lord Rafe of Valreks army, Finan of Gournay sent me.
Leofric turned sharply in surprise. He was just in time to see the colour flee from Finans face, a circumstance he had rarely witnessed in his friend. He realised, with an agility of mind that few knew he possessed, that there was before him a mystery. It was equally clear to him that Finan possessed an intimate understanding of the circumstances that had bought the two women to Merrodon.  
You are here, my lady, the camp is not fifty yards away. Finan faltered.
Then I beg you will take me to Lord Rafe, I am Lady Adele of the House of Berron.
Finan heard a stifled gasp from Leofric and a prickle of unease ran the length of his spine.
You wish to see Lord Rafe?
Yes, immediately. Finn said that he would be here, I need to speak with him.
Finan seemed unable to respond and so Leofric stepped into the breach.
Where is er Finn?
For the first time the other lady spoke, her voice impatient.  
That is why we must speak to Lord Rafe: Finn has been captured by Lord Gradock!
The reaction to this statement was not as dramatic as Eda had thought it would be. Neither man made any noise or movement, but both stood stock still. Eda glanced nervously from one to the other and then across at Adele.  
I will see the men get ready, stated Leofric quietly.  
And I will see the ladies are comfortable and then join you, replied Finan, forcing his words past bloodless lips.  Leofric contemplated his friends horribly white face and the tension in his every limb.
You will be well?
Fetch the men. Finans voice was hollow.  
Leofric nodded and then turned and disappeared into the mist. Finan shook his head as if to clear some unpleasant thought from his mind, and stepped forwards to take the reins of both horses in his hand. Silently he lead them through the camp to his tent.
Fraedric!
A page with brown hair and a liberal dusting of freckles appeared from inside the tent. Finan turned from helping Adele and Eda to dismount to speak to the boy. Adele took the opportunity to go to Chargers head.
You did splendidly; enjoy your rest, good boy. 
Take Charger and Valiant and see that they are fed and watered, mind that they are brushed down well, commanded Finan of the freckle faced youth.
Adeles eyes came to rest sharply on his face as he spoke these words, and a thoughtful expression entered her eyes.  Finan turned to find her watching him with candid interest.
It unnerved him.
This way, my ladies.
The tent was not very large. A makeshift bed lay opposite the entrance, and two rough chairs stood next to a welcoming fire that drew Adele and Eda towards its warmth like moths to a flame.
You are welcome to use these apartments, you look as though He checked. That is, you must be tired. Druce will see to your needs. Druce!
There was a small disturbance by the door and then Druce entered. He paused on the threshold at the sight of two ladies in his masters tent.
Yes, Lord Rafe?
Lord Rafe! Eda gasped, her eyes sliding to where Adele sat near the fire. Nothing in Adeles manner betrayed surprise.
Finan barely noticed Edas outburst.
Druce, see that both Lady Adele and Lady Eda have all that they need. His words were hurried, and there could be no mistaking his desire to be gone.
You are going to aid Finn? asked Eda.
An awful bleakness entered his eyes.
Yes, my lady, rest assured that all will be well. The assurance was perfunctory and with a swift bow he was gone.  
Eda and Adele remained silent after his hurried exit.  
Might I fetch a goblet of wine for you, my lady? asked Druce shyly.
Eda turned slightly dazed eyes upon him.
Yes, by all means. She laid a gentle hand on Adeles shoulder. Would you care for some wine, Adele? 
Adele nodded absently, and Druce saw a faint inflection of worry pass over Edas face. He had never been called upon to wait upon ladies before, excepted of course Lady Esme and Lady Aisly. His masters sisters were inclined to treat him with the same amused and indulgent affection as Lord Rafe, so they hardly counted. Besides which he had known them forever.
Druce had been Lord Rafes page from the early age of four when Lord Rafe had found him engaging in a brawl with another boy some years his senior. The prize over which they had fought was an apple that had chanced to fall over the wall of the orchard. Druce had displayed a great deal of cunning. As both boys, breathless from their exertions, had fallen apart to glare at each other in open hostility and pant out fierce taunts, it had become clear that Druce could easily best his opponent with words even if, in the end, the other boys brute strength had won the tussle.  
Druce had taken his defeat philosophically, knowing that not every battle could be won. Lord Rafe had achieved hero like status in the little boys eyes by riding alongside the wall and picking the reddest, biggest apple from the aforementioned apple tree, and giving it to the defeated party.  Rafe had been amused by the childs pithy wisdom. He had lifted Druce upon Chargers back and taken him home to his parents, giving the command that he was to be brought to the hall on the morrow to serve as a page.
Ever since Druce had travelled in Lord Rafes train. He had made it his business to know how Lord Rafe liked things done, that it might be him that his master called for and not one of the other pages.
It was, therefore, with complete certainty that Druce knew that Lord Rafe had never before entertained women in his camp. Druce felt a little unsure of them, wondering what they could be doing here. It was a conundrum he did not have the answer to and so, with a shrug of his shoulders, he hurried away to procure their wine.
Adele? Edas voice was hesitant.
Adele did not answer at first, but gazed into the depths of the fire.
Twas not how I expected it to be, she mused at last. In a way twas better, for I always feared that there would be a great deal of awkwardness between us. As it was there was little time for awkwardness, was there? Or for anything. 
Are you alright?
Alright? asked Adele surprised. Why should I not be?
I I just thought
Adele smiled.
Come, Eda; I have been preparing all my life for this moment, tis not so strange for me as you seem to think. 
They were silent for a time until Eda, filled with curiosity, asked the question she had been longing to ask ever since Lord Rafe had left them.
What did you think of him?
We hardly spoke, Eda.
But you must have thought something.
Adele was silent, a thoughtful crease between her brows.
I thought that he was not so tall as Finn.
Eda snorted.
Well if that is not just like you! she exclaimed. Finally you meet him and all that you have to say of him was that he was not so tall as Finn?
What more do you wish me to say?
I do not know. That you liked him, that you thought him kind; anything but that which you did say! 
Eda, I already know that Lord Rafe is kind and that I shall like him. I knew that before I came here from reading his letters. You can hardly expect me to draw any conclusions on the short exchange that passed between us. 
At that moment Druce returned, bearing their refreshment. Adele had not really noticed his presence before, but now she smiled at him gently.
What did you say your name was? she asked.  
Druce, young though he was, was not impervious to her quiet charm. He relaxed a little, the half anxious frown disappearing from his chubby face.
Druce, my lady.
Mine is Adele, this is my friend Eda.
Druce bowed formally to each of them in turn. He was not acquainted with all of the facts, but he was aware, as was everyone, that Lord Rafe was betrothed to Lady Adele of Berron. He also knew that when Lord Rafe had left Valrek it had been to fetch Lady Adele. His quick mind, connecting the fact that Lord Rafe was not with the ladies, to the expression of worry on Master Finans face, realised that something was wrong.
Please, my lady, you were travelling with a soldier from Valrek, were you not?
Yes do you know Finn, Druce? asked Adele.
Druce nodded his head, gulping.
Please, my lady, where is he? The little boys voice trembled and Adele turned to Eda, her eyes wide with hesitation.  
Please tell me, my lady. Why has Lord Rafe had to leave to fetch him; what has befallen him?
Druces hand was tight on Adeles arm, and she covered it gently with her own.
He was detained on Lord Gradocks lands. 
Druce paled and his eyes filled with tears. He knew the danger that Lord Rafe was in. If he had been caught on Lord Gradocks lands there would be fighting; Druce suddenly wished that he were older that he too could ride to his masters rescue. Adele watched the little boy tremble, and felt tears welling up in her own eyes. She reached out and pulled him to rest his head against her shoulder.
Do not worry, Druce, Lord Rafe will see that it is alright. 
Druce shook his head, but could not tell her why he feared that it was not possible to settle matters as easily as that.

Chapter Seventeen


Finan strode through the camp, his mind filled with worry. If Gradock had Rafe, was it possible that he would hand him back unharmed? The Gradock family were known for their fiery temper, and Lord Gradocks was particularly vengeful. Finan blanched at the thought.  
The men are ready, Finan. Leofric emerged out of the mist. His face was grim, completely different from the usual genial expression that resided there. It made him appear much older.  
Good.
Finan took the reins from the boy who held his horse and swung up onto its back, giving the command to get under way.
What do you expect to find, Finan? asked Leofric quietly.
Pray, Fricka, more fervently than ever you have before. 
Leofric nodded, both knew that the chances of Rafe still being alive were slim at best. Old Lord Gradock was still smarting from King Ines request, no, demand, that the matter between him and Rafe be settled with money rather than blood.
There was little hope and Leofric knew that. So why was he finding it so hard to believe that Rafe was probably already dead? He had engaged in enough battles to have had the idealism that he had once possessed stripped away. He knew the odds, he wasnt nave, and he had learnt long ago the penalties of the lives that they led. They had only reached the outskirts of the camp when Leofric raised his hand to still the men.
What is it?
Leofric looked anxious and shook his head.
I do not know; I thought I heard something.
What?
I am not sure.
We have no time for this, Fricka.
You think I do not know that? Leofric demanded.  Finan shook his head and sat motionless, listening as well. After a while he turned sharply.
Horses.
Leofric nodded.
And coming from different directions. As Finan spoke he was pulling his sword free of its sheath.  Leofric watched the movement, sensing the tension that hid beneath his calm exterior, before turning his eyes back to the thick whiteness before them.

-------

Rafe moved quickly; he knew that his pursuers were close and once again was grateful for the covering mist. He could hear the sound of horses, not only behind him, but also hemming him in on each side. He knew that only three men had followed him and had surmised that the rest had followed Eda and Adeles tracks. They would come from an eastern direction, and would therefore be the riders on his left. 
But who were the mounted men on his right?  
Rafe watched the two groups of horsemen on each side of him halt some distance from each other, and saw each man reach for his sword.
Who are you and what business do you have here? It was Finans voice breaking the silence, its timbre challenging.
Rafe heaved a large sigh and cautiously made his way toward the huge animal that Finan was astride. Belatedly he recognised the beast as his friends favourite horse, Brute. 
Tis a question I have been burning to ask these three days. 
Finans head jerked sharply in his direction, and Rafe saw a wave of barely contained relief flood his friends face. 
 Rafe?
 Finan, the ladies?
Safe and sound, at this very moment resting in your tent.
Rafe leaned against Finans horse in relief.
Thank goodness for that!
Where have you been, Rafe, we heard that you had run into trouble on Gradocks lands.
It was Leofrics voice, and Rafe peered past Finan at such an unexpected visitor to his camp.
Fricka? What are you doing here?
I could ask you the same thing, Finn, returned Leofric dryly.
Rafes eyes locked on his. He would never know how Leofric managed to grasp the facts of a situation so quickly. He greatly envied the way Leofric was able to disconcert his adversaries so efficiently, before calmly taking the upper hand. Rafe ignored the hit, and turned toward the two groups of riders that had now merged and stood silently across from them.
Why have you been following me? He kept his tone reasonable, yet there was confidence behind his words. He had not drawn his sword, but his men had and they were not to be ignored lightly. One man urged his horse forwards, breaking rank with the other riders, and coming closer to where Rafe stood. It took Rafe no more than a second to recognise him.  
Rand.
Hello, Rafe. I should have known that it was you of course. Rands pale blue eyes moved to take in the two mounted men to either side of him. Finan and Leofric too some things never change. 
And the apple never falls far from the tree, responded Leofric smoothly.
You are a long way from Mercia, Rand, take my advice and leave Wessex while you still may.
Not before I have accomplished that which I came for, replied Rand firmly.
And what would that be? 
I came for Adele.
For a second the silence was deafening. No one moved, no one spoke, for a second it seemed as though no one dared to breathe. Then with a suddenness that took all by surprise, Rafe dragged Rand from his horse.
Rand struggled to gain his balance as he hit the floor, and tried to disentangle himself from Rafes strong grip. They swayed slightly and then landed, a flailing mass of limbs, in the mud. Their struggling was fierce, and very soon both were covered in wet soil. Rafe felt his hold slip and Rand fell back onto the floor, breaking apart, and both men scrambled to their feet, only to engage again. Not one of their men felt that interrupting the bout would be welcomed by either party. They sat, silent and still, their attention halved between the fight and each other.
Though no sound was made, the intelligence that an altercation was taking place on the outskirts of the camp soon became known to those within. Eventually Adele and Eda, led by Druce, arrived to see what the whispering was all about.  Finan saw them and, cursing the entire race of women for their curious nature, forced his horse through the crowd that had gathered.
Lady Adele, this is no place for women; go back to the tent at once!
Any one of the men in Valreks army could have told her that when Master Finan used that tone, argument was not only foolish but unsafe. Adele did worse than argue, she ignored.
For goodness sake, will you not end it? 
Tis a matter between those two men. Tis not my argument, or yours to involve yourself in: go back to the tent, replied Finan shortly.  
Adeles eyes met his, glowing softly with an emotion it took him several seconds to place. It was disappointment. Finan was taken so much by surprise that he did not call a man to take them back, forcibly if necessary, to the tent, but sat staring down at her. He felt suddenly that he had come up lacking somehow.
It is not your argument so you will allow them to beat what little sense they possess out of each other? As she turned she caught sight of the principals in the argument more clearly and turned white.
Before Finan knew what she was about she had moved forwards, thrusting her way between the crowd. Her diminutive figure was interestingly conspicuous among the brawny, battle toughened men all around. She passed them without a glance, and ran into the circle that the soldiers had made around the two fighting men. Adele didnt check as she slipped on the mud, but quickly made her way to where Rafe was seated on the unfortunate Rand of Targhe.
Desist! Adele caught Rafes arm as he brought it back to deliver another blow. Please, Finn, stop! 
He paused, looking up at her blankly as if wondering where she had sprung from. Rand, seeing that Rafes attention was thus diverted, landed a well aimed punch.  Rafe fell backwards and Rand struggled to his feet, lunging forwards to where Rafe was attempting to rise. He halted sharply as Adele caught his ear and squeezed none too gently.  Letting out a yelp, he turned to look down at her flushed face.
What do you think you are doing, Randwulf?
No, Adele, please, not the ear
Adele dropped her hold on him, the movement betraying her distaste and fury.
What are you doing here?
Making sure you are safe, responded Rand sulkily.
Well I am, perfectly, which is more than will be said of you when I am finished! What did you think that you were doing hitting Finn when he was defenceless? Somewhat less than honourable and very much less than I would have expected of you, Randwulf!
Rafe had stood, wiping the mud from his face, but at this utterance his eyes sharpened and met Rands.  
Randwulf? Rafe paused significantly. I have heard a great deal about you, Randwulf.
Both men sized each other up meassuringly.  
Strange, for I have heard nothing of you, Finn, replied Rand coolly.
Both men were silent for a moment, and when Rand next spoke his voice held an unmistakable warning.  
You have as much. He lifted his hand to push a strand of Adeles hair back from her face. If not more, to lose.  
His action was designed to provoke, and Rafes hands clenched into fists. He found it took all his restraint to keep from lunging at Rand again. As it was he had the satisfaction of seeing Adele slap Rands hand away.  
Adele was sure that the conversation had more than its surface meaning. She could sense a wariness in Rand that she had never before seen in him, and Rafe was pale, but not with shock, anger spilled like fire from his eyes. There was something she didnt understand, something very important connecting the two men. Such an intensity of feeling as was between them was impossible between strangers.  
Adele, take Eda and go back to the tent, one of the men will take you. Rafes eyes never left Rand.  
Finn?
Rafe turned to her and saw worry in her eyes. Some of the bitterness and sternness that had scared her disappeared, and he smiled reassuringly. He looked suddenly, with mud smeared across his cheek and in his hair, boyish and unthreatening.
Go, Adele; do not fear that I shall try to break Randwulfs head. Go back to the tent and rest.
The worry left Adeles face immediately, but she turned to Rand a little warily.
I know, Adele, I know. Some of the stiffness left Rands rigid features and he smiled. I promise I will not lay a hand on him.
Good, for tis you who would probably come off the loser, you clumsy great oaf!
Rand smiled a little more naturally at this provoking statement, but as his gaze took in Eda, hanging back amid the crowd, his expression became expressionless once more.
Eda is here I see. Rand tuned back to Adele, lifting her hand briefly to his lips. She will see you are comfortable. 
Adele nodded and cast a last uncertain glance at each of them before turning to leave. Rafe waited until she and Eda had disappeared into the mist before addressing Rand once more.  If Adele had seen his face then she would not have felt so easy of mind.
What do you want, Rand?
Just a little of your time.
Rafe was silent for a few moments before finally lifting his hand to his eyes and rubbing them wearily.  
Very well.
Rafe?
A few moments of our time is not unreasonable, Leofric, responded Rafe. However, know this, Rand: you and your men are to relinquish your weapons when you wish to enter my camp. They will be returned to you when you leave.
Rand stiffened, he had heard the mistrust, the disgust that had coloured Rafes voice with the obvious belief that he, Rand, was a dog, fit for nothing but a leash. His hand clenched on his sword and he jerked it roughly from its sheath, flinging it to the ground. It landed, its blade buried six inches into the soil, between Rafes feet.
Rafe didnt flinch. He looked down at the still quivering blade with a faintly amused gleam in his eyes that infuriated Rand even more.  
We can talk in my tent, he suggested mildly.  
No you cannot, interrupted Leofric. That would mean that Lady Adele would be present, and I do not think 
Rafe slapped a hand to his head.
I had forgotten. You must have designated quarters here, Fricka, where are they? 
Come, I will show you. Leofric turned and Finan followed him, Rand stood undecided.
After you, Randwulf, invited Rafe laconically.  
Rand nodded stiffly and gestured to Bron that he should follow also.

Chapter Eighteen


They were a silent procession, each man ill at ease. Rafe was uncomfortable in the knowledge that whatever it was that Rand wanted, he had a certain amount of leverage. Rand knew that Adele thought him to be Finan. Still, he had the same information concerning Rand, but was it really worth anything? After all, what use was the deception to Rand now that Adele was here where Rafe could protect her? Surely the threat of exposure could mean nothing to him now. It mattered not whether Adele knew he was Lord Targhes son, as Rafe was hardly likely to let Rand get close to her and into a position where the deception would be of help to him.
Rafe took another look at Rand. The last time he had seen him Rand had been an eleven year old boy. Strange that even though sixteen years had passed since that day, he would have known him anywhere. He seemed just the same; taller and older, but still recognisable as his old playfellow. Bitterly Rafe reflected on this last thought
 Playfellow. 
How much his playfellow had Rand really been? They had lived together, played together, trained together: himself, Rand, Finan, Leofric, and Evoric. They had been friends, or so he had thought.
The truth was not so comfortable. Rand had left Valrek with his father, and nine days later Lord Targhe had attacked Calis. Rand had fought at his fathers side. Rafe knew that he would never forget how it had felt to draw up in battle, and see the face of a friend among those of his foes. Nor would he forget the bitterness that had welled up within his heart as he had kneeled beside Evoric. Bitterness against the House of Berron as well as that of Targhe, that their argument had caused him loss.
They arrived outside Leofrics quarters and filed inside. It was not a large tent and, as Leofric spent most of his time with Finan, it was deserted without even the warmth of a fire.  Rafe made his way to the nearest chair and slumped into it. He hadnt rested in all his journey from Gradock, being far too fearful for Adeles safety and all too aware that he was being followed. Now, without the desperation and anxiety pumping through his veins, he was incredibly tired. For a moment he closed his eyes, leaning his head back against the chair.
What do you want, Rand? Other than Adele, for she is already taken.
Rand seated himself comfortably before answering.
To end this foolishness.
Speak plainly, Rand, I am tired.
I wish to finish the feud between our families once and for all, responded Rand. Tis ridiculous and has gone on long enough.
I think that a feud to which a great many people have lost their lives, is a little more than foolish or ridiculous, interposed Finan quietly.
Rand lifted his hand in a placating gesture.  
You are right: those dead deserve better than that. He looked again at Rafe. They deserve that their lives should mean something, they should be the means to end this. Rafe was silent for a moment.
You expect me to believe that? He asked at length. You betrayed me, Rand, you betrayed us all! Rafe paused trying to swallow the bitterness that threatened to choke him. You even betrayed Evoric!
Enough! Never say that! You have no idea what I did and why I did it!  Do not dare to use Evoric against me, he was my friend as well as yours.
Some friend! responded Rafe bitingly.  
Rand leapt forward with a bellow and was met by an enthusiastic Rafe, they struggled dangerously together in the centre of the tent until Leofric and Finan pulled them apart.  
I do not care what you want, Rand, panted Rafe. I care not what right you think you have in regard to Adele, but I swear that if you ever go near her again, I will kill you. 
Rand wrenched himself from Finans hold and sat back down in his seat.
I suggest you be a little more careful with your ultimata, Finn!
Rafe struggled furiously, but Leofric maintained his hold.
Be still, Rafe!
His friends voice seemed to penetrate the fog of rage around Rafes brain, and he stopped his struggling. Leofric waited until he felt Rafe cease in his struggles before releasing him and turning to Rand.
Why should we believe that you mean peace when you threaten us?
You have little choice, replied Rand.  
I think you will find we have every choice. Finans voice was calm.
If it had not been for us you would be dead, and Lady Adele would have fallen into the hands of your enemies. 
Every one turned to look at Bron in surprise, having entirely forgotten his presence.  
And how did you reach that conclusion? demanded Rafe.  
That first night you camped, if it had not been for our rescuing you from your assailants, you would have fallen. 
For a second the tent was silent and then Rafe turned to meet Rands eyes.
Is that true?
Do you really doubt it?
No he didnt, he wished he could but it fitted far too well. It was why Rand had never harassed them afterwards but only followed; he had not been the one to attack them in the first place.  Rafe had known it, had known that somewhere something was strange. He should not have been able to hold his assailants off long enough to escape, and those assailants must then surely have followed and captured them. They would have done precisely that had not Rand engaged them, and allowed Rafe and the ladies to escape. It was that which had puzzled him, and Rands explanation made everything clear.  
How did you know where Adele was? he asked abruptly.
It took me years to find her, she was seven before I did. 
Rafe noticed that he had not really answered the question put to him, but allowed the matter to drop.  
You should not have been able to find her at all, no matter how long or hard you tried, replied Rafe roughly.  
If I had wanted to kill her I would have done so long ago, and there would have been nought you could do about it, stated Rand. That is not what this is about. 
Rafe knew it was true but somehow could not bring himself to admit it. Every time he tried all he could see was Evoric, the destruction wrought on Calis, and Rand seated upon a chestnut mount beside his father. Nausea swept over him.
Then what is this about? What do you want, Rand? asked Leofric.
I told you; I want peace.
Why?
Rand seemed taken aback.
Do you not think it is time this ended? 
It matters not what I think, replied Leofric. Why do you wish for peace? As I recall it was not so important to you once.
It is important to me now, replied Rand stiffly.  
That is what troubles me. Leofrics face was uncharacteristically sombre. Without his habitual smile he seemed cold and unfriendly. What difficulties have you gotten yourself into that you suddenly need a friend on this side of the border?
I suppose you would not believe that no such trouble exists?
Leofric shook his head.
Nevertheless you will find that it is true; my only wish is to bring comfort to Adele.
She has no need of your comfort! interjected Rafe furiously.
She is my cousin, responded Rand with heat, and she may be pleased to find that she has family. 
She has no need of you; my family has been hers these sixteen years.
Yes, I have seen how much of a family you have been to her!
That is enough! reprimanded Leofric, pushing the still standing Rafe back into his seat even as he clenched his fists as if ready to do battle with Rand again. Considering that your family slaughtered hers, Rand, I think this is hardly a subject on which you could be considered to have freedom of speech. Rafe has safeguarded Adele and provided for her for sixteen years. He took on a responsibility that was not his own, and which he would never have needed to assume if it had not been for you and your familys actions. I think it would be as well if you remembered that. 
How could I forget it? replied Rand bitterly. Every moment of every day I am reminded of the things my family has done.
Do not try to distance yourself from it! Rafes knuckles showed white as he gripped the arms of his chair. You were there! You fought against us, Rand, your friends whom you had lived with in brotherhood! You forsook us! 
I was a boy of eleven, Rafe, answered Rand, I knew nothing of what my father planned. All I knew was that he stood before me, demanding my allegiance, allegiance that I had to give, surely you must see that? Twas not until later that I found what my father had done, and even then there was nought I could do.
You could have come back to us. It was Finan who answered him, his voice low and his gaze steady.  Rand seemed surprised by his words, as though it had never crossed his mind that they would accept him back.  
And desert my mother and sister? his voice was rough. Leave them to the madman that my father had become? Do you think I could have lived with that? And what of the men? They had no choice but to obey my fathers command. They were put in harms way on account of his hatred, I had to do what I could for them. However, do not think that it was easy for me. I was torn by conflicting loyalties, and suffered agonies of which you know nothing.
All were silent as he finished speaking, trying to sort through the various feelings and suspicions brought to the surface by his speech. Rafe wished to believe all that he had said but could not overcome, in just a few moments, the hurt and mistrust of sixteen years. Finan was perhaps the most divided as he remembered Evoric. It was Leofric who held the enviable position of most detachment: he too had loved Evoric, but then he had held Rand in the same affection.  
Leofric was the only one of those present who had not beheld the horrors of Calis, and therefore the bitterness that the others felt had not been seared upon his mind in the same way.  
You said earlier that you had followed Adele because you wanted to be sure she was safe on the journey to Valrek. It was Finan who spoke. Is she still in danger from your father?
My father has been dead these four years.
Then who?
Rand wrinkled his brow.
The truth is that I do not know exactly. My father and I were acknowledged by all of Mercia to have differing opinions on most things, especially the events that had taken place at Calis. King Aethelbalds son Penda and I had become friends. He was the only person who knew that I visited Adele, no one else. One day he came to me to tell me that he had overheard his father discussing the fact that a thurl from Wessex wished to allege himself with Mercia in much the same way my father had. I do not know who the lord is, Penda could not find out, but he wishes to kill Rafe. I believe he means to harm Adele too.
The men who attacked us at the first camp? asked Rafe.
I believe so.
Rafe was silent for a moment.
Someone from Wessex wishes me dead?
Rand nodded.
Then the only thing we can do is form a truce. At Leofrics words all looked toward him in much surprise. It seems that we all wish to keep Lady Adele safe, and that we cannot trust anyone else on either side of the border. 
Rafe nodded bemusedly in agreement, but when he turned to Rand it was with a lingering frown.
You will set up camp outside my perimeters, and you and your men will continue to leave your weapons whenever you wish to enter in among us.
If that is what you wish.
It is; if you truly do have Adeles safety at heart, then you will understand that it is my wish to keep her away from risk that prompts me to ask this. 
Very well; is that all?
We also have another problem, interjected Leofric.
What is that?
A small matter of Finn and Randwulf. Leofric quirked an eyebrow in Finans direction. And of course, not forgetting, Lord Rafe.
Rafe groaned and ran a weary hand across his forehead.  
I had forgotten about that, he admitted. Although Rand and I are in something of a predicament, there is no need for her to think that Finan is Lord Rafe. It would be best if he kept out of her way.
Finan lifted a hand, his face losing some of its colour.  
Finan, you did not surely?
No, I did not! replied Finan stung. But you did inform Druce that he was to call me Lord Rafe while we are here. I had not time to stop him!
Rafe clutched at his hair distractedly.
There must be some way around this! 
There was a way around it, replied Finan evenly. I should have told you that I would have no part in this foolish scheme of yours.
Finan surely you would not have left me so entirely? 
Yes, I would, answered Finan unmoved. If I had known then what I know now, I would never have embroiled myself in this mess. Do you have any idea of the things I have been through? With Lord Merrodon trying to force my hand so that I might settle in his favour, and Lord Coughly refusing even to try and negotiate? All of this I had to keep from Fricka. Now, to crown all, I find myself playing bridegroom, a part I am singularly ill fit to play, to your bride!
Rafe looked a little surprised as these activities were listed to him.
Tis perhaps not the best scheme I have ever had, I own, he admitted, looking a little sheepish. Then he smiled. You had best not let me catch you playing the bridegroom to Adele, Finan!
Finan choked over the words that flooded to his lips.  
He does have a point though, Rafe. Had you better not tell Lady Adele the truth? suggested Leofric.  
Rafes eyes snapped into a rather cold focus.  
Perhaps it would be best if you left the care of my bride to me, Fricka? he asked softly.
Leofric realised that he had overstepped his place, and gave an apologetic grin.
Very well, but allow me to say this. His eyes twinkled as he let out a low whistle. You are a fortunate dog!
Rafe shook his head. Leofric was the only person he knew who could have him laughing after he had just incensed him greatly.
I have one other question, broke in Finan. Lady Adele said that you had been captured by Lord Gradock. 
She was correct.
Finan looked confused and it was Leofric who continued, his voice filled with surprise.
But how did you manage to escape?
I did not, Rafe answered. Lord Gradock let me go. 
Leofric spluttered incoherently, and some seconds elapsed whilst Finan slapped him on the back.  
Lord Gradock let you go? Lord Gradock? asked Finan.  The man loathes and detests you; why would he let you go?
I should have made it plain that it was the new Lord Gradock.
Great goodness, Bertolf? exclaimed Rand.  
The room was suddenly silent and Rand, seeing the exchanged looks of the others, began to experience the uncomfortable sensation of ignorance.  
Bertolf is dead, tis his brother Daegmund who rules as Lord Gradock.
And he? began Leofric.
Rafe shook his head, his eyes travelling for an infinitesimal second to where Rand stood. The gesture was slight, but Leofric saw it immediately and ceased his line of questioning.  
I think we have discussed the most pressing of the circumstances that face us. Rafe turned to Rand. It would be best if you went back to your men, you need to set up camp before nightfall.
But I wish to speak to Adele before I go!
You have said all that you need for today, she is very tired and so is Eda. I will not have them disturbed further. 
Rand knew that it was a perfectly reasonable sentiment, but still felt that a few words with Adele would have settled his mind considerably. Who knew what Rafe might say to them while he was not there to hear. Rafe knew the source of Rands reluctance and shrugged.
Do not worry that I shall try to poison their minds against you. For one thing it would not work, and I would only succeed in looking foolish. For another, I shall not have time: I also need to rest.
Rand nodded grudgingly.
Then I suppose there is nought for it but to retire to my own camp.
He stood, glanced around the room, and gave a nod before disappearing thought the tent flap.
He left the tent in silence. Rafe had again closed his eyes and leant his head back against the chair. Finan had moved into the seat Rand had vacated, and his face was studiously devoid of expression. It fell to Leofric to pass the first comment in the conversation that must necessarily follow Rands departure.
He was shorter than I remember him, he remarked casually.
Rafe gave a shout of laughter, and Finan lifted his eyes heavenward, shaking his head.
Had he been a veritable Goliath he would have seemed shorter than you remember.
Leofric took this allusion to his lack of stature in childhood in good part. It was easy to when adolescence had brought him the inches he had so coveted when growing up amongst his much older friends. After a few moments Rafes smile faded, and they all fell back into an uncomfortable silence.
There was so much to be said, or maybe that was wrong and there was actually nothing to say. What help could there be in sharing the bitter thoughts in their minds? Rafe closed his eyes. Suppose he believed all that Rand had told him, did it make that much difference? If he could forgive, would he ever be able to forget? 
His stomach heaved.
No, he would never be able to forget. Perhaps it would even be wrong to do so.  
His story seems plausible to me, Rafe, mused Leofric. However only you know if it fits his actions in following you. 
Rafe paused thoughtfully for a moment.
It fits. His voice was almost begrudging but after a moment he spoke again, his natural honesty needing to see fair play. The truth is it fits too well for him to be lying. 
What do you say, Finan? asked Leofric gently.  
Finan was silent, continuing to stare at the hands he held clasped so tightly together in front of him that they were by turns white and red. He knew what they were asking, after all; Evoric had been his brother. He wished he could give them that which they so evidently wanted. They always made their decisions as a unit, and Rafe would not wish to do anything without first hearing his and Leofrics thoughts. Rafe always said that together they could see the situation clearer, without the prejudices that just one experienced.  
I am sorry; I cannot give you an opinion. He looked up to find two pairs of anxious eyes upon him. Whatever I say, I cannot but be swayed by personal feelings. I think then, that it would be best if I say nothing.
If that is how you feel, Finan, you know I will not force you, answered Rafe. I do not need to tell you how much your help will be missed, but I understand that for you it is much harder than the rest of us. I know how much you miss Evoric.
Finan swallowed rather convulsively, and looked down again at his clenched hands. How much did he miss Evoric?
Somehow it was difficult to measure. Evorics loss had made such an impact on his life, on all of their lives.  Finan had never been able to forget that, at its heart, the war to which he had lost his brother had been fought over a woman. He had kept clear of women ever since. He disliked the ease with which they caused trouble; between each other, between vying suitors, and even upon occasion between kingdoms. The thought that they could bring two men who had hitherto lived in perfect harmony and accord to murderous hatred, was one he found difficult to pardon.  
He knew Calis had embittered Rafe against not only the family of Targhe but also the House of Berron, and against Lady Adele too. She had been forced upon him, a responsibility that was not really his, not that he had minded that part of it. Rafe would have done anything to help someone in need, it wasnt that which he resented. It was that Adele was a constant reminder of Evorics death. He would not have been so unjust as to blame her for it, but it didnt change the fact that every time he had thought of her it had brought back the pain of loss.
As for Leofric, even though he was only a boy at the time and didnt understand all of that which was happening, he had known that his friends were distressed and that Evoric had gone into battle but not returned. He had spent his days trying to cheer them; behaving in the most foolish and sometimes dangerous manner, just to jolt them into some sort of action.  He had hidden his own sadness from them as much as he could, not wishing to burden them with anything more.  
However, it only occurred to him now to wonder what the impact had been on Rands life.  To know your father had murdered an entire family for the sake of an old feud was bad enough, to then find that one of your best friends had lost his life fighting against the side that you yourself had fought on, must have been a punishing blow. Added to that Rand had needed to stay subject to the man that had started it all, a man whom he had lost all respect and liking for. He had been too young to do anything but leave, yet could not abandon his sister and mother to a madman, even if he could have left the pride of a noble name and lands.
Leofric stepped forward and placed a comforting hand on his friends shoulder. He didnt know what Finans thoughts had been, but he had seen the troubled expression on his face.  
What did happen at Gradock, Rafe? he asked, attempting to turn the conversation to less emotive lines.  
Daegmund had succeeded his father as Lord of Gradock, and so I was safe.
I do not see how that made much difference. Daegmund is known to have more than his fair share of the Gradock temper, not to mention the Gradock pride. 
Rafe struggled uncomfortably within himself as he listened to Leofrics words. Daegmund had been fair; confusing perhaps, but fair. There were many men that Rafe could have named who, presented with the same circumstances, would have killed him without a second thought. Daegmund had been reasonable and, despite ample opportunity, had stuck to the somewhat unconventional code by which he lived.
Daegmund is not so very like the rest of the Gradock family, Fricka. His actions were in the interests of peace.
Peace? What Gradock ever wanted peace? asked Finan.  
People cannot help the name they are born to, Finan, replied Rafe, it does not define them. 
Whether their name is Gradock or Targhe, interposed Leofric.
Rafes brow creased and the troubled looked on his face deepened.
That is not the same, Fricka.
Tis close enough! replied Leofric.
He is right.
Both men turned in surprise to Finan.
Rand may be a Targhe, but that does not mean that he is the same as his father. Finans pale eyes met those of his friends. His reasons for his behaviour were honourable. 
Before Rafe could answer there was a commotion at the tent opening.
Lord Rafe!
All three men turned to stare at the small figure that rushed through the aperture of the tent and into Rafes arms.
What is it, Druce? asked Lord Rafe. What has happened?
Druce gulped as Rafe held him away a little.
Lady Adele said that you had been captured! 
Rafes fingers stiffened convulsively, digging into Druces shoulders.
Druce, you did not tell Lady Adele that I was Lord Rafe, did you?
Druces face took on a warm flush of indignation.  
No, Master! You told me that while at Merrodon I was to call Master Finan, Lord Rafe.
Rafe looked relieved for a moment before a frown settled on his brow.
Well I am here now, Druce, and everything can go back to normal, but not with Lady Adele and Lady Eda. To them I am still Finan and that is how you will address me to them. 
Druce looked confused.
If that is what you wish, Lord Rafe.
That is what I most fervently wish, for now, answered Rafe, rubbing a weary hand across his eyes. 
Druce observed the action with a certain amount of anxiety in his face.  
Are you well, Master? he asked presently. For Lady Adele did say that you had been captured on Gradock lands; she cried!
I am fine, Druce, tis only Rafe stopped suddenly. What did you say?
Druces brow puckered.
That Lady Adele said that
No, no; after that.
You mean that she cried? the boy asked.
With Lord Rafes attention so firmly fixed upon him, Druce began to forget the fear that he had felt for his masters safety and proceed to posture importantly.
She cried ever such a lot, Master, and even before she cried she looked Druces voice trailed off, he having no words to describe the mix of emotions that had engrossed Adele in her silence.
She was unhappy, Druce? prompted Rafe.  
No maybe a little? he corrected himself. At first she did not speak. Lady Eda was worried I think, she kept asking her if she wanted anything. And then later I heard them talking about you.
About me? asked Rafe.
Druce leaned his head to one side.
Maybe Lady Eda was asking what she thought of Lord Rafe.
Great goodness! Finan groaned, realising that they must have been referring to him. 
If he had known that the few words that he had spoken were going to be of such interest to the ladies, to be studied later in great detail, he would not have said so much. Not that he could accurately remember that which he had said.  
What did Lady Adele say? asked Rafe.  
Druce pressed both his hands over his mouth, hiding the smile that sprung to his lips.
She said you were taller.
Rafe smiled; it seemed such a typical thing for Adele to have said.
And then what happened?
Then Lady Eda said that she was asking whether Lady Adele had liked you.
Lord Rafe, corrected Rafe.
Druce looked momentarily confused and then continued on.  
And then Lady Adele said she could not tell anything from a few moments conversation, but that she already knew she was going to like you I mean Lord Rafe. 
It was Rafes turn to look astonished.
Did she say how?
She said she could tell by your letters, pronounced Druce triumphantly.
I thought you said she did not know it was you who wrote to her? reminded Finan.
She did not, she could not!
Then perhaps the child misheard.
I am little, not stupid! answered Druce, pulling himself to his full height and looking very indignant. I managed to hear the rest right, did I not?
Leofric began to laugh.
What ails you? asked Finan with a touch of gruffness.
Nothing, tis merely that I like your choice of spy, Rafe!
Rafe laughed and looked down at Druce fondly.  
Go then, Druce, we shall resume this highly interesting conversation later, but for now Rafe smiled apologetically across to Leofric. I am afraid I shall have to commandeer your bed, Fricka, I believe mine is already occupied. 
Would you care for something to eat, Master? Or drink? asked Druce anxiously.
Rafe shook his head.
Later, now I just need to sleep.
Rafe made his way to the palette and Druce, darting in front of him, pulled back the covering of furs and rug. Rafe laid a hand on the boys shoulder, giving him a slight smile as he removed his cloak and cast himself on the bed. Druce carefully covered him, tucking the covers around his masters weary form, before moving to set a fire in the centre of the tent.
We shall leave you then, Rafe, you seem to be in capable hands, smiled Leofric.
Rafe gave a grunt that left its meaning open to interpretation, and Leofric and Finan left the tent.
Take good care of him, Druce.
Yes, Master Finan.
The little boy was intent upon his task and did not look up. A few moments later he had a good blaze going, and he moved to where Rafe had discarded his cloak. Pulling up a chair nearer the fire, he spread the cloak to dry.  
What would I do without you to look after me, Druce? asked Rafes sleepy voice.
Catch cold, replied Druce promptly.  
Finan and Leofric, some yards distant from the tent, heard Rafe laugh and smiled.

Chapter Nineteen


Are we certain that this information is correct? asked Lord Kyule, his voice a little doubtful. I have heard nothing of this.
Considering the fact that I have assigned you the task of discovering plots such as these, I suggest you be more silent over your ignorance, Kyule. The reminder of your incompetence puts me in no good humour with you, responded King Ine sharply.  
Lord Kyules expression did not alter, his eyes continued to stare at those gathered with the faintly glassy expression that was usual for him.
It seems then that we should prepare for war. Lord Drogand looked rather pleased at this prospect.  Lord Brogan frowned in disapproval. In his opinion war was the final stand, reached only when every other path had been exhausted.  
Kent and Mercia have always been enemies, responded Lord Kyule. Such enmity will not disappear overnight. Any agreement that might be reached cannot be imagined to be anything but short lived.
Lord Drogand snorted.
Even enemies can find unity in a common cause.
King Ine twisted his beard around his finger.
What do you think, Brogan?
Lord Brogan was silent, weighing each word carefully before he spoke it.
If there really are plans to unite Mercia and Kent, there are ways to foil them that do not involve war.
How do you propose to do that?
At this point in proceedings, when trust is fragile, it would be easy to plant the seeds of dissention without any need for fighting.
You always seem to think it is better to avoid conflict, grumbled Lord Drogand.
That is because conflict is a failure to settle things reasonably, answered Lord Brogan.
You cannot reason with Kent! scoffed Lord Drogand. They are not to be trusted.
Words, I have no doubt, that have been echoed in some form or other, kingdoms over, replied Lord Brogan.  Nevertheless someone has to be the first to offer the trust of negotiation.
And to look the fool when trust is repaid by deceit, returned Lord Drogand.
I agree with Lord Brogan, interjected Lord Kyule. An act of war on Kent could strengthen the bond between them and Mercia, in which case we would find ourselves at war with both.
And tis not certain that we would be victorious, continued Lord Brogan.
King Ine nodded his head in agreement.  
I am sorry Ramm but I think that caution might be the wisest course of action.
Lord Drogand tried vainly to hide his chagrin.
My liege must do as he sees fit.
King Ine was not really attending to him anymore, but was staring at the missive in his hand in great perplexity.  
Such an endeavour as this requires careful handling, King Ine murmured thoughtfully. I think that Rafes talents would be better served with this problem than in Merrodon with those argumentative fools. He cast the parchment on to the table. I believe he will excel in finding an answer to this situation.
Perhaps, my lord, it might be wiser to send someone a little more experienced in matters of subterfuge. Lord Kyules voice was soft.
Lord Brogan quelled a sudden rush of anger at this slight to Rafe. It was Lord Kyule who had missed the signs that this problem was brewing, and now he had the audacity to call Rafes ability in to question?
What do you mean? King Ine demanded shortly. Lord Kyule placed the tip of his long finger to his upper lip, smoothing the hair of his beard.
Anyone can see that Lord Rafe is very capable but Lord Kyule raised his eyebrows a little. He is still young and perhaps in such a delicate matter as this, the wisdom that comes with age and experience might be required. 
Lord Brogan, seeing the direction which Lord Kyule was going to take, could not help thinking that it was slightly ridiculous for Lord Kyule to cast himself as a wise elder when he was barely six years older than Rafe.
Lord Kyule was young to hold the position of advisor, but his bravery and valour in the battle of Calis had earned King Ines respect and gratitude.
It took King Ine several seconds to find the meaning of Lord Kyules remark.
You wish to see to this affair yourself, you mean?
If my liege is not opposed to the plan, replied Lord Kyule bowing slightly.
King Ine did not look best pleased and sat in irritated silence for a moment.
I suppose it would be best to start straight away, but when Lord Rafe arrives you and he will handle the matter between you.
Lord Kyule made a small gesture as though he would speak but King Ine cut him off.
That was neither a request nor a suggestion, Kyule, but is precisely what will happen!
As my liege wishes.
Lord Brogan saw anger flair up in Lord Kyules eyes and then, as he blinked, saw it carefully hidden away.  Kyule was always trying to prevent King Ine from charging Rafe with his errands, reflected Lord Brogan. Perhaps it was because Lord Kyule so heartily disliked Rafe, a feeling that Rafe reciprocated entirely. They hated everything about each other, Rafe always said that Lord Kyule was like an eel; slippery and hard to pin down.
Maybe it was their differences that made them so incompatible. Rafe was open, Lord Kyule secretive. Rafe was boisterous, Lord Kyule strangely silent and always watchful. Rafe spoke plainly, Lord Kyule used words to hide the true meaning of his dialogue.
Neither man had any time for the other, and Lord Brogan was pretty certain that Rafe would greet King Ines suggestion in much the same way that Lord Kyule had. Lord Brogan knew it was best for Rafe to have at least a hand in the matter. It was not only parental pride that made him so certain that his son would complete the task, any task, better than Lord Kyule. Rafe had something that everyone else lacked: he had Finan and Leofric, two friends who would help him in all he did. What man with such an advantage could possibly fail at anything he turned his hand to?
Tis settled then. King Ine looked slightly relieved, as though the problem had been weighing heavily on his mind.  You may leave me.
The three men present bowed deeply in respect and turned to leave the great hall.
A moment if you please, Brogan.
Lord Brogan paused, lifting one eyebrow in inquiry.
There is yet something I wish to discuss with you. 
Lord Brogan returned to the table and seated himself opposite his king. King Ine was looking disturbed, his eyes troubled, and a droop to his shoulders that worried Lord Brogan.
What is it, Ine? This thing seems to have hit you harder than I imagined it would.
King Ine passed a weary hand over his brow.  
The matter is delicate, he replied. You remember, Brogan, the battles that took place between ourselves and Kent during the uprising. I lost my uncle, Mul, to the Kentish revolt. When peace was finally made it was decided that a marriage alliance should take place, bringing us closer together. King Whitred had a daughter of his second wife, a girl named Cearo; it was through her that an alliance was to be made, King Ine sighed. However King Whitred married again, a Lady Waerburh of Folton, this time aligning himself with a house of Mercia. That marriage produced another son. It is that son who reigns jointly with his brothers now, under the guidance of his mothers brother, Lord Folton.
He rules with his brothers?
King Ine nodded gravely.
Cearos mother was Whitreds second wife, his first bore him two sons, Aethelberht and Eadberht, they are some years older than Cearo and Aelfric.
And they have no objection to Lord Folton? You think that it may prove impossible to destroy the treaty between them and Mercia? asked Lord Brogan.
This has been something I have feared for years, replied King Ine. I made Cearo welcome here on several occasions even after Wihtred had married again. It had even been decided upon that she would marry Lord Gournays eldest son Cenric and bring our two kingdoms closer together. After Wihtred died and his sons took power, I saw a change. Cearo was no longer allowed here to visit me, the betrothal between her and Cenric was broken, and all communication ceased. 
Both men were silent for a while, and Lord Brogan became aware of a rather drawn and grey look upon his friends face.  
You think that Lord Folton is controlling Kent through his influence over Aelfric?
Undoubtedly, Aelfric is only a boy yet to reach his tenth year.
And what of the girl?
Cearo? She was betrothed again, this time by Lord Folton to a lord of Mercia. King Ine looked across to his friend. I thought you should know that Rafe might understand a little better the task before him.
Yet you did not see fit to acquaint Lord Kyule with these facts?
King Ines face took on an expression of grim displeasure.  
He sought to force himself into this affair when I had made it plain that he was not wanted. Very well; if he will be so insolent as to try and force my hand, he can ferret out these things himself.

------

Adele lay staring at the walls of the tent. She should have been asleep, goodness knew she was tired, but somehow that oblivion was beyond her reach. Eda was motionless on the makeshift bed Druce had constructed for them, and every now and then she gave a contented sigh.
Adele remained completely still and listened to her friends rhythmic breathing. She knew she was not going to be able to sleep until she had faced it. She had suspicioned it before, when they had left Finn to Lord Gradocks mercy, but she had known for certain when she had seen Finn and Randwulf engaged in altercation.  Her only concern had been for Finn.
Adele turned her flushed face into the furs. If she was honest with herself, she found herself thinking about Finn far too often. She couldnt remember a time when she had felt more foolish. She was promised to Lord Rafe, how could she have let this happen? To attach herself so inappropriately, and to a man whom it was probable she would see every day of her married life.
And Finn? What would Finn think of her if he knew? Adele flushed again. Of all things she hoped he would never find out that his kindness to her had been received in such a way as she had taken it. 
She groaned, how would she face Lord Rafe now? To have betrayed him so terribly after his many kindnesses to her over the years, after his patience. She felt so full of error, but she did not see how she could have avoided the situation she found herself in. She had not even realised that she had become emotionally involved. She had thought that she and Finn were friends, the same as she and Randwulf were friends. It had only been when she had seen the two men engaged in combat that she had realised that this thing she felt for Finn was far, far different. 
It scared her. 
It was so unknown, so powerful, trapping her, tangling her in a vast web of confusing emotions and loyalties. She felt herself pulled this way and that; lost, hopeless, and somehow so very alone.
Why had no one warned her of this? Why had Lord Rafe put her in this impossible position? No, that was not fair. How could he have known the events he would set in motion when he sent Finn to collect her? Surely this was as cruel a twist for him as it was for her?
Adele bit her lip, feeling a sudden rush of pity for her betrothed. Since the beginning she had been nought but trouble to him, and yet he had been so kind. Never would she give him pain or cause to regret that kindness. She would pay back her dues in full, and return all that he had given her so freely. She would make recompense with the years that they would spend together. She would make those years happy, she would make him happy. More importantly, she would forget this foolish feeling for Finan of Gournay.
And Finn? He would lose nothing, for he did not want her anyway. Adele closed her eyes and was still. It seemed as though she must be asleep, and maybe she was, but there were tears on her cheeks.

Chapter Twenty


He should tell her the truth.
Leofric raised an eyebrow in Finans direction.
Fine, but this time you can tell him so.
He would not listen and besides, tis not my place. Finn looked out into the mist shrouded camp. I wish Lord Brogan were here, perhaps he could make Rafe see sense. 
It is possible that it is not needed.
What do you mean?
Maybe it is our intervention Rafe is unwilling to take, it does not follow that he deems our counsel incorrect. 
You think he plans to tell her?
 Rafe knows what he is doing. Until now the course he has chosen to pursue has done more good than harm. Now that the reverse is true, he will set things straight. 
Finan lapsed into meditative silence for a few moments.  
I am not so sure, there was something so strange about him today. His anger against Rand was I do not know, but it was somehow unlike him.
We were all angry, how could we not be? shrugged Leofric. And you know that in personal matters Rafe has never been cool headed. Tis only when the argument does not touch him that he is capable of diplomacy.  
Perhaps Yet I had the strangest fancy that it was not only Evorics death that incited his rage.
Leofric glanced at his friend sharply, he too had thought that there was more to Rafes fury than the happenings of the past.  Instead of saying so however he asked what had put such a notion into Finans head.
I do not know; he seemed to resent Rands claim on Lady Adele.
Would not you?
Maybe. Finans eyes met Leofrics with worry in their depths. But not so violently.
Come, Finan, we both know Rafe
Not like this, interrupted Finan evenly. Rafe has a temper and loses it as often as not. Yet have you ever before felt the need to interrupt a fight that he was engaged in, as you did today? We both know that you would never have imagined that you would need to.
He had not slept in two days!
I have seen him negotiate the most difficult and delicate surrender after two days without sleep. Never once did his anger or impatience get the better of him then. You cannot say that did not touch him personally, for his mens lives were at stake.
This is different; Lady Adele will be his bride, this thing touches his pride and honour.
Finan did not look satisfied, and opened his mouth to argue the point. Before he could say a word a young soldier called his, or rather Rafes, name.
What is it, Kenric?
A messenger from Lord Merrodon, Lord Rafe; he begs that you come quickly to Merrodon.
Did he say why?
No, my lord, only that it was a personal matter.
Finan sighed heavily.
Very well, Kenric, you had best fetch my horse.
The soldier nodded and left.
Would you like me to accompany you, Lord Rafe? asked Leofric, his bow mocking and tinged with irreverence. 
 I am meant to be bringing peace, Leofric. A few moments in their company and you would have them at sword point. You only care to use that smooth tongue of yours in the company of women. Tis best you stay here. Most likely Lord Merrodon wishes to see if he can entice me to settle in his favour as he tried once before. Finan grinned. I will spare you that sickening display, Fricka.
Kenric returned leading Finans horse, he was followed by a soldier from Merrodon also leading a horse.  
My master asked that you might come quickly, my lord. The soldier inclined his head a little; he looked impatient to be gone. Leofric watched as his foster brother stoically resigned himself to his fate, and reluctantly pulled himself onto his mount before grinning down at Leofric.
Considering that the principals in this affair are asleep, I leave you in control of a peaceful camp. Try to keep it that way if you would, Fricka.

------

The journey to Merrodon was only a matter of some few miles. Finan had made it often enough over the last few days and therefore his mind was only half directed at the path they followed. There were other, far weightier, matters on his mind but it was not very long before he noticed that the soldier who had come to fetch him from the camp was ill at ease.  
Is aught the matter?
The soldier turned harassed eyes upon Finan.
Tis only that we must make haste, he replied.  
Finan looked the soldier over again. Beneath his weather beaten exterior he was pale, and as Finan watched he brought his arm up to wipe the coarse fabric of his tunic over his brow.
There was no sun, only thick mist and there was a decided chill in the air. So why, wondered Finan, was the soldier perspiring so profusely? Perhaps he had misjudged the situation and there truly was something amiss at Merrodon.  
What is so wrong that your master sent for me with such urgency?
The soldiers eyes flickered to Finan for a moment, filled with hesitant worry.  
My master charged me only with bringing you to Merrodon, Lord Rafe, he will explain all when we arrive. 
That was when Finan knew.
Lord Merrodon, curse his black heart, had done something very stupid. Stifling the groan that rose to his lips he dispassionately wondered if Merrodon had killed Lord Coughly or only attacked him. Either way there was going to be trouble.
Finan pressed his horse to move faster. His temper, always so easy, was pricked. Why did Lord Merrodon have to be so stupid? Rafe had left this matter in his hands, had trusted him to see it right, and through Lord Merrodons pigheadedness Finan felt he had disappointed that trust.
The rest of the ride was accomplished in silence, and they swept into Merrodons gates at a canter. Finan reined in his trembling mount, but did not attempt to slide from the horses back. The yard was full of men, soldiers leaning upon their spears, their attention focused on Finan.  
I had thought to find you in disarray, Lord Merrodon, yet here I find you in none of the dire straits I had imagined. 
Lord Merrodon rose from the chair he was sitting upon, a smug smile on his lips, languid insolence in every slow movement he made.
A small deception that was necessary, I would never have enticed you here alone otherwise.
My being alone was so very important? 
Shall we say easier? You see, Lord Rafe, someone does not view you with kindness.
Finan glanced around at the decidedly unfriendly faces of Lord Merrodons men.
So it would appear.
Enemies are an uncomfortable thing are they not? asked Lord Merrodon with a mock air of sympathy. Unfortunately yours seem to have caught up with you and they are demanding retribution.
The ominous shuffle of soldiers shutting off his means of escape accompanied these words, and Lord Merrodon continued in the same self satisfied tone.  
My master wishes you dead, my task is to facilitate. 
Finan pulled his sword from its sheath and raised it so it pointed directly at Lord Merrodon.
You prove yourself an enemy to King Ine! Finan raised his voice. All who fight on Merrodons side, fight against this kingdom of Wessex: you will be punished in accord with your error.
Lord Merrodon smirked.
Not by you, Lord Rafe, nor by anyone else. 
Hardly had he finished speaking than, with a jerk of his wrist, Finan threw his dagger. The blade flew swiftly through the air, but the distance was far. Finan reflected that if it had been Leofric that had taken aim, Lord Merrodon would even now be dead. As it was, his shot was better than he had expected considering that he had used his left hand, his sword being already drawn in his right. The blade sunk deeply into Lord Merrodons shoulder, and the stillness was suddenly broken. Lord Merrodons men in charge surrounded their lord, and the foot soldiers rushed forward to surround both Finan and his mount.
There were numbers on Lord Merrodons side, but Finan had the advantage of height. He knew the most important thing was that he kept his seat. In that endeavour he was assisted by the soldiers themselves; for as many as pulled him one way, pulled him the other. Of the mob that engulfed him it was only a handful of soldiers who could actually reach him, and the efforts of these men were greatly hampered by their fellows pressing in upon them. 
Merrodons warriors received no direction from their superiors, they were still fully occupied with their lord. The men were allowed to continue in confused disarray.  Finan was only too pleased that Lord Merrodon had not thought it necessary to ready his archers, and that none of his men had thought to retrieve their bow. He took full advantage of the position he found himself in, and wielded his sword with the precision of an expert. His mount, a large chestnut, showed why his master had named him Brute by kicking and biting any and all in his reach.
It was then that one of the soldiers, suffering from a flash of inspiration brought on, as so often is the case, by observing the effectiveness of Finans action, threw his spear. 
The spear struck Finan in his side, making him lurch forwards over Brute in surprised hurt, his sword falling from numb fingers. The crowd of soldiers was no longer as tight as it had been. Finan noticed that the men guarding the gate, instead of shutting off his only hope of escape, had surged forwards in to the fray. He gathered up Brutes reins, urging the horse forwards through the crowd of men and out of the gate.
He knew that he would be followed by Lord Merrodons men. His only hope was that there was distance enough between him and them. Maybe he would reach the camp before they caught up with him.
The journey seemed long, he could feel blood flowing from his wound and soaking his tunic. Every movement Brute made jolted him making him feel sick and dizzy. The reins in his hands were slippery. Behind him he could hear the sounds of pursuit. He knew that the soldiers determination would be greater now, and that in their desperation they were likely to be far bolder.
Finan felt a sudden grim sense of victory. It didnt matter what happened to him, they had already failed in their objective. Even if they did capture and kill him, it would be Finan of Gournay that they murdered, and not Lord Rafe of Valrek.
Finan caught sight of tents emerging from the mists, and within another few seconds he had cantered into the camp. He lay across Brutes back as the horse stood shaking and steaming in the cold air. Around him he could hear the sound of men running this way and that, shouting loudly to one another. Then he felt gentle hands lift him from the horse, and his name being called as if from a distance. With supreme effort he opened his eyes to find himself looking up into a distraught face.
Finan, what happened? Rand held him tightly, choking a little over his words as he spoke them. 
Finan found that his mouth was dry and fought to speak.
Finan, who did this? demanded Rand.
Lord Merrodon The words were croaked out painfully.  
Lord Rand! Bron emerged from the mist. Soldiers, coming from the direction of Merrodon. 
Rand looked down at Finan; his eyes were closed and his breathing shallow.
Benwick! Rand called for the page, and gave Bron his full attention. Go to Lord Rafes camp and tell Lord Leofric what has happened.
Bron had his spear in his hand, his attitude alert and ready for the fight he knew was upon them. At Rands words his expression became alarmed.
But, Master, they approach too fast! You cannot hold them alone! he objected.
We could not hold them together either, you must fetch Lord Rafes men: now go!
Bron nodded and ran into the mist, his figure disappearing almost instantly.
Benwick! Oh, there you are. Rand turned to find the boy standing at his elbow. Find someone to help you get Finan into my tent, and see that he stays to keep guard. 
The boy goggled down at Finan.
Benwick, did you hear me?
Benwick, his face taking on a sickly pallor, lifted a hand and pointed a shaking finger. Rand looked down and saw the reason for the boys revulsion. Rands hand and a good part of the sleeve of his tunic, was soaked with blood.  
Benwick, can I depend upon you to get him inside and keep him safe?
Benwick nodded, gulping.
Good lad!
Rand stood, a curiously grim expression entering his face as he pulled his sword from its scabbard. He reached the outskirts of the camp just as the riders from Merrodon emerged from the mist.
The soldiers would never have ventured so close to the camp had they known of its existence. However Lord Merrodon and his men had been unaware of Rands arrival, and Rand, in seeking to show Rafe that he meant no harm, had set up his camp a good distance from his and closer to Merrodon. Even Finan had been surprised to find the camp he had entered was not his own.
As it was, the soldiers from Merrodon could not draw back. Seeing that the camp was small they advanced at a gallop, spears levelled.
Rand stood his ground, his feet firmly planted as one soldier advanced towards him. As the horse and rider came abreast of him, Rand caught his arm and dragged him from his mount. 
The fighting was fierce, Merrodons soldiers outnumbering those that Rand had brought with him. Rand felt that he had never heard a sweeter sound than Bron returning with reinforcements.
At first Lord Merrodons men continued to fight. However, as more and more men emerged from the mist, they took to flight. As desperate as they were, fighting off an entire army of men whose master they sought to kill was not a course they had any intention of pursuing.
It was Leofric who had led Valreks warriors into the fight. As the soldiers from Merrodon retreated, he and Rand, panting hard, stood together and watched their enemy withdraw. Leofric became aware after a while that Rands eyes were concentrated on him.
What?
Nothing, tis just that you really have grown up, Fricka. Rand permitted himself a small smile. You know, even as a child you lived up to that red hair of yours. Now the effect is so much more daunting.
Leofric wiped his blade clean before replacing the sword in its sheath, he turned grim eyes on Rand.  
Where is Finan?
In my quarters, come I will show you. Rand turned and led the way to one of the tents. As he pulled aside the flap that covered the opening, the soldier inside turned brandishing his sword.
Tis only I, Drogo, reassured Rand, raising a hand. How is he?
The soldier shook his head.
More fortunate than I can tell you, he answered. The bleeding is heavy, but the wound itself is not deep. The pain will be unbearable though. 
He will live? It was Leofric who spoke, his voice rough.
Yes, sir.
Rand saw the strained look of anguish leave Leofrics eyes, and reached out to place a hand on his shoulder. For some reason it moved him greatly to see Leofric as he been in these last few minutes. It had been like seeing a ghost from his childhood. For a few moments, in his fear and worry for Finan, Leofric had been the lonely little boy that Rand remembered arriving at Valrek.
When Rand had left, Leofric had still been a small boy full of mischief and fun. That boy had grown to be a man, and it had shaken Rand to see the bitter hate and vengeance that had filled Leofrics face as he had emerged from the mist at the head of Valreks men. Never had he thought to see his youngest foster brother in the grip of such emotions, they seemed so foreign to Leofrics character.  
It made Rand realise, for the first time, that there was much he did not know of the men whom he had once called brothers. They had known each other so long ago and much had occurred to change them, just as the intervening years had altered him.
Does Rafe know?
Leofric shook his head.
There was no time to wake him. He moved forward to kneel by Finans inert form, shoulders slumped, and the hands he reached out to his friend shook. Now I am almost afraid to.
Rand kept silent as he moved a chair beside the fire, turning it so that it faced Leofric and Finan. For a moment he watched Leofrics anxiety in silence, his own brow creased in thought.  
Fricka, why would Lord Merrodon wish to harm Finan? he asked at length.
That was not his aim.
I do not understand.
Tis... difficult to explain. Leofric scratched his head. Lord Merrodon has been led to believe that Finan is Rafe.
Why? asked Rand, astonished.
Leofric sighed, pushing a hand through his red hair in agitation, and causing the curls to stand out wildly from his head. Rand was struck by an odd feeling of nostalgia, for it was a gesture he remembered well.
Because Rafe took it into his head that Lady Adele was still in danger. He wished to escort her to Valrek in secrecy, to ensure she would remain safe. He reasoned that if he were known to be here, then no one would expect Lady Adele to be moved.
Rand was silent as he absorbed this information.  
I see: in order for the deception to work Finan had to be Rafe, Rand was thoughtful for a moment. But I do not see why Rafe had to become Finan.
I do not think he cared who he became, he only wished to be anyone but Rafe of Valrek.
Why?
Leofric raised his eyebrows.
Come, Rand; it was a while ago, but surely you remember Rafes pride?
Of course Rand recalled how proud Rafe had always been.  Some of his best qualities arose from the pride he had in his family name, from the fact that he sprang from a long line of men who had cared for their people and been loyal to their king.
He wished her to see him for himself, to like or dislike him for who he was, not for what he had done for her. After your father Leofric paused, hesitating and began over. When Lady Adele found herself in a difficult position, Lord Brogan felt it to be his, and consequently Rafes, place to protect her. That was how the betrothal came about. Lord Brogan and Rafe talked it through and decided that it was the best way. 
The best way? questioned Rand. But not the only way? 
No, not the only way. My father offered her a place in his house as my wife, and I believe that Lord Kyule offered for her too. Lord Brogan refused however. I do not know why, but he seemed to think Lady Adele the responsibility of the House of Valrek. 
And Rafe? What did he think?
Leofric met Rands eyes gravely.
He knew his father to be right, but for a long time he was uncomfortable with it. Not so much at first, but later. 
Ah I see, Rand smiled a little. And yet from what I remember of Rafe he did not seem as though he would become terribly susceptible to fair maids. 
You mistake my meaning. It was not that, it was more that she brought back the memory of Calis, Leofric paused thoughtfully. To be honest I think his fear was as much for her as himself. He has never been one to seek out feminine company, and I believe he worried that Lady Adele would not be happy.
For a moment there was an uncomfortable silence as both men realised how intimate and unrestrained their conversation had been. It was Rand who broke it, smiling awkwardly.  
Who would have believed that little Fricka would have grown to be so wise and perspicacious? 
Who would have guessed how good it would be to hear you call me little Fricka again after so many years? Just like old times, returned Leofric, smiling faintly.
Rands face shuttered up suddenly. It was not the first time that Leofric had seen it happen, and it was strange to him.  Rand had always been open and earnest, incapable of even the smallest deception. Ever since he had re-entered their lives Leofric had seen that the openness was gone. Now Rand controlled that which others saw of him.  Rands eyes met his, and Leofric was startled by the coldness in their depths.
Let us be honest, Leofric, it will never be how it once was.

Chapter Twenty One


Rafe stirred drowsily and opened his eyes. For a moment he couldnt think where he was. The warmth of the furs that covered him and the softness cushioning his head felt out of place.
Are you awake, Master?
The question was an unnecessary one, as Druce was standing beside the bed and could see very well that he was. Rafe sat upright, holding his head in both hands.  
How long did I sleep?
Since yesterday afternoon, Master.
And Lady Adele?
She is still sleeping, my lord, answered Druce as he made his way to the tent flap. Rafe heard him talking in low tones to someone outside before he returned with a bowl and pitcher of water. Rafe watched him carefully as he set out a dry piece of cloth.  
Well, Druce, what is it?
Druce started nervously.
M-my lord?
Come, Druce; with whom were you whispering?
Druce flushed and hesitated.
Master Leofric wished to be told when you awoke. 
Did he? Rafe climbed out of bed and stretched, yawning loudly. I suppose that means I am to expect a visit from him then?
I believe so, my lord.
Even as Druce finished speaking Leofric entered the tent. Druce, looking slightly harassed, withdrew with a bow leaving them in peace. For a moment they stared at one another in silence.
What is it? demanded Rafe peremptorily, seeing the gravity of Leofrics expression.
Finan is hurt.
How?
After we left you yesterday a message came through from Merrodon, and Finan rode out to meet with Lord Merrodon. He returned an hour later wounded.
Do we know how it happened?
Not precisely; Lord Merrodons men fought to retrieve him when he reached the safety of Rands camp. Finan is unconscious and a little feverish, he sleeps still. 
Why did you not wake me? exclaimed Rafe.
Of what use would it have been? There was nought any of us could do. 
Rafe had to admit the truth of this statement, but it did little to quell his temper.
You had best take me to him.
Come then, he is resting at Rands camp. Leofric saw Rafe stiffen and reached out a hand, grasping his shoulder.
It is time to forgive, Rafe.
Rafe shook his head uncertainly.
I cannot, you were not there, you never saw
I saw how it effected both you and Finan, responded Leofric quietly. I saw you change before my eyes. We none of us will ever be able to forget, it would be wrong to try. Yet both of us know that Evoric would wish us to forgive, he would want us to be just.
Both men were silent for a time, and then Leofric shook him gently.
Come, Rafe.
They walked to Rands camp in silence. Leofric did not try to engage Rafe in conversation; he knew that his friend needed the time to collect his thoughts. Rand met them as they entered the camp and Rafe pulled his sword from its sheath, hold it out toward him. Rand shook his head.  
No, Rafe, not between us.
Rafe struggled awkwardly for something to say but could find nothing.
How is Finan, any change? asked Leofric.
The fever is worse.
They entered the tent to find Drogo bent over Finans form. He looked up as they crossed the threshold, but shook his head at their unasked question.
No, the fever is yet in him, he talks still but I cannot make out that which he is saying.
Rafe strode forwards, dropping to his knee beside the bed.  
What did they do to you? His voice was steady, but there was a white line of anger around his mouth. Rafe took hold of the fur that covered the bed and attempted to pull it back. Leofric stepped forward and stopped him.  
Let go, Fricka.
Leofric knew that Rafe would brook no opposition and shook his head regretfully, stepping back out of his way. The wound had been re-dressed that morning by Drogo, causing Finan some considerable pain. The aggravation had made the wound bleed again. Rafe pulled back the coverings on the bed to see that the bandage was marked red. He gazed at the blood stain silently for some time.
He meant this for me.
Tis not your fault, Rafe, reassured Leofric earnestly.  
No? Rafes voice was bitter. Then whose fault is it? If it had not been for the fact that I made him enter into this ridiculous charade he would never have been hurt, you know that as well as I. Whatever harm was visited on him was meant for me.
Then I thank God that Lord Merrodons plans were foiled.
Leofric raised his hand and grasped Rafes shoulder.  
You have to see past the fact that Finan was hurt, ask instead why Lord Merrodon would wish to harm you. 
He would not, why should he?
Perhaps it is Finan he dislikes, only he believes him to be Lord Rafe, suggested Rand.
Leofric shook his head.
It makes no sense, not when he knows that it is Lord Rafe who acts as judiciary in this affair between him and Coughly.
The three men fell silent until Rafe turned again to Finan. His foster brothers face was flushed, a thin film of perspiration covering it with an unhealthy sheen.
When do you expect the fever to break?
Drogo shrugged his shoulders.
There is no way to tell, but hes strong; he should be able to fight it.
There must be some sort of sign that tells if he will recover or not! demanded Rafe.
Drogo shook his head.
I am afraid there is little we can do but wait. 
Wait! repeated Rafe bitterly. Why is it always inactivity and patience that is required?
He settled himself in a chair and commenced tapping his fingers against the wood. Drogo looked towards his master, but Rand shook his head and Drogo was obliged to hold his tongue. Rafe squirmed uncomfortably and began to fiddle with the leather tassel on his belt. Rand cast Leofric a speaking glance and Leofric searched his mind for a way to entice Rafes impatient restlessness from the wholly inappropriate setting of Finans sick room.  
Rafe, is there some action we should be taking now that Lord Merrodon has made this move? 
Rafe thought for a few moments.
It would probably be best if we join our camps together, we are vulnerable apart.
Rand knew very well that it was his much smaller camp that was vulnerable, and felt a certain appreciation for the fact that Rafe had phrased his sentence as he had.  
You think we should move within your boundaries? 
No, there is no need to disturb Finan, it is better that we come to you. Rafes face darkened as he looked again to Finans restless movements upon the bed. But there is something I must do first.
Rafe? It was Leofrics voice, a little anxious, as though he were not sure what his friend had in mind.  
She has to know, Fricka. Rafes face was set. She has to know now, this has gone far enough. 
Leofric nodded his head but remained silent, he made no move to stop Rafe as he left the tent.
He is going to Adele? asked Rand.
It is time.
I suppose, Rand sighed. He will feel better once he has made this plain to her.
Leofric turned to Rand, his eyes a little unfocused as if his mind were on another, more important matter.  
You were always very clever in some ways, Rand. Leofric shook his head. But in others you remain the dunce.

Chapter Twenty Two


Adele stirred and shrank away from the hand that shook her gently.
Lady Adele, wake up!
It was Druces voice, insistent and low. Adele opened her eyes to find him leaning over her, one hand upon her shoulder and the other holding a goblet out to her.  
What is it, Druce?
Lor Master Finan requires a few moments of your time. 
Adele was very still, looking up at him and yet not really seeing him at all.
What does he want? Edas voice came from beside her.  
Druce looked a little lost, as though he was not sure how to answer this question.
He requires a few moments of Lady Adeles time, the boy repeated carefully. Are you ready, my lady?
He wants to talk to us now? Again it was Eda that answered.
Yes, my lady, he waits outside.
Adele rose from the bed hurriedly and moved to where her clothes hung over a chair.
Tell Finn we will be but a moment, Druce, instructed Adele.
Druce bowed and fled the room.
I had thought that on reaching the safety of the camp Finn would have left us to sleep in peace.
The fact that he has not is proof that something is very wrong, returned Adele.
Eda paused in her exertions.
D-do you think so? she asked fretfully. What could be amiss? 
Adele, having completed the complicated task of dressing hurriedly, turned to her friend and began to comb her hair.  
If we wait but a moment Finn will make all plain to us. 
Rafe stood impatiently without. Having made up his mind to tell dele the truth, he wished only that it might be done quickly.  
Finn?
Adele was at the opening of the tent, gesturing that he was now permitted to enter. He checked on the threshold, pausing as he registered Eda.
I must speak to Lady Adele alone, Eda.
Eda looked scandalised.
Finn, are you out of your senses? she gasped.  Rafe held back the flap of the tent ready for her to pass through.
Now, Eda.
Eda hesitated uncomfortably but, on encountering a nod from Adele, moved toward the opening. She stopped as she reached Rafes side and looked up at him with a knowledgeable glint in her eyes.
I hope you know what you are doing, Finn.
For a second their gazes held and then she was gone.  The room was quiet after she had left. Adele surreptitiously regarded Rafe from beneath her lashes and found he looked preoccupied and distant. For a time they remained still, and then Rafe turned to her with an air of a man who had something unpleasant to accomplish.
Ask me my name, Adele, he demanded.
Your pardon, Finn?
He saw confusion in her eyes, a turmoil of thoughts that caused a slight furrow between her brows.  
Just do as I say.
Adele hesitated, she might have laughed but he seemed so detached and remote.
Very well, Finn, she smiled nervously. What is your name?
Rafe, son of Brogan, Lord of Valrek. 
For a while there was silence, and he could see uncertainty in her eyes, as though she thought this must be some strange jest. Then he saw her gaze turn self conscious and embarrassment flooded her face with colour.
He was Lord Rafe? Adeles fingers found the softness of her leg and she gave herself a hard pinch, it hurt prodigiously. 
So this wasnt a dream.
That had been the first wild thought to enter her head, that something so perfectly accommodating to her happiness must surely not be real. The second was the feeling of elation that welled up within her, filling her with such relieved bliss that for some moments she was dazed.
By and by she began to notice that all was not well after all. Because Finn, and she could not help but keep thinking of him by that name, was standing staring grimly at the floor.
Rafe was still, uncomfortable within himself. He knew not what to say, how to explain. In his complete absorption in his own thoughts, he completely missed the unrestrained joy that flooded Adeles face at his tidings. When he did raise his eyes her expression had changed into one of bewilderment that, having missed that which had gone before, he misunderstood.
Adele looked up at him, her huge eyes filled with a sudden and new self-consciousness. She remembered all the things that she had said to Finn, things that had been heard by Lord Rafe. Was that why he was so unhappy? Had she said something that had displeased him? 
Her cheeks suddenly blanched; had he known? Had she somehow betrayed her feelings for him? She hung her head, if he knew he would think she had not a loyal bone in her body. She felt suddenly so exposed, knowing that every time she had said or done anything, Finn had been searching her out, testing her. For her he had just been Finn and she had liked him, they had been friends. Yet in a second all that was gone, for her as well as for him.
Rafe felt his stomach tense into an ever tightening knot, he had no way to know what she was thinking. She must be angry, probably hurt, and definitely wishing him gone. The thought of her unhappiness, and the knowledge that he was the cause of it, made him wince.
He wished she would speak, say something that would tell him her thoughts. Yet she only looked up at him stunned and hurt. He felt as though her eyes accused him softly. Rafe turned from her, angered by his own ineptitude. Why could he not think of some way to reach out to her, a way to make things easy between them again?
There had been silence for so long and, as Rafe turned from her, Adele could bear it no longer. She could not bear the distaste in his manner, the frustration she had seen etched in his face. His anger was directed at her, little though she understood it. 
Tis a pleasure to meet you, my lord. Adele sank into a deep curtsy, feeling very foolish that she could think of nought else to say.
Rafe hesitated, unsure what he should do. She must have felt badly hurt to have retreated behind a faade of distant civility.  
Try to believe, Adele, that there was reason for the deception. I had not meant for it to cause you discomfort, he spoke stiffly, his uncertainty making the words diffident.  
Adele blinked back wretched tears. Even now, when filled with anger for her, he was still trying to be kind. Somehow it made it worse, but she would not cry in front of him. It would be the last indignity.
Do not regard my foolishness, my lord, she met his eyes squarely. You have no need to explain yourself to me.
Rafe wished to goodness that she hadnt taken that stance, better if she had asked him to tell her all than to push him away.  
Sit down.
At his blunt words Adeles eyes met his with fresh misery in their depths.
Damnation! Could he do nought without making it worse?
Adele walked slowly to one of the chairs placed beside the fire and sank into it, grateful for its support. Rafe had begun pacing around the restricted space of the tent.  Adele felt a little easier; this was familiar, this restless impatience. It was something she recognised in the man who suddenly seemed a stranger. However, his face was still darkened by an angry frown. 
So this was how it would be.
For so long she had wondered what Lord Rafe would be like; what he would think of her, how he would feel about her.  Now she knew. She was an irritant to him. Every line of his posture told of his frustration, his exasperation at the situation he found himself in.
It cut her deeply and she knew an aching and fervent longing for the fort, for Mistress Ardiths comfort. It had all seemed so simple, so clear when Mistress Ardith had explained to her the circumstances of her betrothal to Lord Rafe, the duties and position she would fill. Everything had been explained so carefully, and in such detail, that Adele had felt well equipped for her new life. Now she felt very young and inadequate, filled with an awkwardness that held her mute before him. She wished only that he would leave and put an end to the scene between them.
All the while Rafe continued to pace, noticing her silence and the deadened look in her eyes. All his life he had known what to do. Confronted with any situation he had always known what should be done, and had accomplished it.  Why must it be that he lost that ability when talking to Adele? Just when he needed it, when it mattered most to him, his confidence faltered. 
Then again, how many times had he been called upon to settle any dispute which involved women? He felt suddenly that a whole area of his education had been passed over. He hadnt the slightest idea what he ought to do to make things better.  
Finan has been hurt. The words broke from his mouth with little connection to that which had gone before.  
Who is Finan? asked Adele carefully.
He was introduced to you as Lord Rafe, I believe.
And he was hurt? How?
Ambush. Rafe paused and resumed his pacing. He was ambushed by someone who thought that he was Lord Rafe. It is why I have told you the truth; I did not wish you to hear it from anyone else.
Adele was beginning to wish that it had happened like that; anything would have been an improvement so long as it had spared them this awkward discussion. Rafe was watching her carefully, as if looking for some reaction. Gathering what wits she still possessed, she thanked him tonelessly for his thoughtfulness.
Why did he keep staring at her like that? 
His eyes were so intent that she felt exposed before him, as though he could see every thought in her head. He was looking at her as though he had sought to find something, but she had been found wanting.  
She should be happy to find that the man she cared for, and the man she was betrothed to were one and the same person.  Never in her wildest dreams had she imagined that she would find love in her marriage, it had not been sensible to suppose it was a possibility. Yet here she was before her promised husband, a man she knew to be kind and generous, who had treated her with the warmth of friendship, and who had been willing to give his life for hers. She could hardly keep from weeping at the sadness in her heart, because somehow, somewhere, she had done something wrong and he was angry.  
Adele, I Rafe paused trying to marshal his thoughts. Adele, I am sorry for any pain I have caused you. 
He watched her avert her face hurriedly, and felt his heart sink, he had not known what to say and even to his own ears the words had sounded glib.
Please send Eda back into me when you leave. 
There could be no mistaking her meaning and Rafe felt the rebuff forcefully. He bowed slightly, stiffly, and was gone. Adele remained so still that she might have been carved in rock.
Well he is in a black temper, is he not? demanded Eda, entering the tent a few moments later. What was so important? It must have been bad to put him in such a foul mood.
Adele had still not moved, and Eda reached out to take her hand; it was ice cold and trembling.
Adele, is something amiss?
Adele looked up, her eyes swimming with unshed tears and a determined smile on her lips.
Why should anything be amiss?
She fell into the comfort of her friends embrace to cry bitter tears that shook her violently. Eda was by turns alarmed and angry. Alarmed at what must have occurred to cause Adele such distress, and angry that Finn, after wreaking such havoc, had simply walked away.  
Adele, what is it? I cannot remember a time when I have seen you cry so.
Adele gulped, trying to bring her tears under control.
Eda, Finn is Lord Rafe!
Eda stared at her, trying to accept the information. Finally she shook her head.
Finn? Our Finn, is Lord Rafe of Valrek?
Adele nodded.
As in the same Lord Rafe of Valrek that you are betrothed to? continued Eda.
Adele nodded again as fresh tears spilled over her cheeks.  Eda rocked back on her heels, her face showing plainly her shock.
But, you will have to help me, Adele; I still cannot make out why you are crying.
Adele brushed the back of her hand across her face.
Because I am so unhappy.
Well, I would not say that I would want to marry him, not with a temper like that, but She took another look at her friend. I thought that we liked Finn? 
He is not Finn, Eda, he is Lord Rafe. Adele bit her lip trying to fight back her tears. And the Lord Rafe who spoke to me just a moment ago was nothing like Finn. 
Come, Adele, this is unlike you!
He just stood there, Eda! Glaring at me as though I ought to have been doing something, all silent and cross. 
I dare say he felt just as awkward as you did, soothed Eda.
Adele shook her head miserably.
No, he was in perfect control of himself. Tears welled up at the memory. He was so displeased, Eda, what did I do that he should be so angry with me?
Adeles voice was quietly pleading. Eda put her arm around her friends shoulders and drew her into a comforting embrace. She did not answer the question. Adele was too upset to be reasonable and her time was far better spent trying to sooth her.  
How did you do it, Eda?
The question came as such a surprise that for a moment Eda was quite devoid of breath.
Adele, I Eda closed her eyes, swallowing painfully, trying to suppress the feeling of hurt that rose within her. He never said anything 
He did not need to, anyone could see that 
Eda stood abruptly, releasing Adele, and walked the length of the tent, trying to hide her emotions from her friend.  
Adele he was kind to me, to both of us. She turned, her face set in determined, numb repose. It was no more than that, we should never have imagined that it was.
But she had been certain that there was more to it than that.  Eda shook her head trying to clear her thoughts. They had been so young, she and Adele; so sheltered and innocent.  Randwulfs visits had seemed so exciting, enlivening their monotonous existence at the fort.
By the time she had reached her fourteenth year he had been a man full grown, and seemed to embody all the mystery and valour of a great hero. He had been so much older than them, to him they were little more than children.
She and Adele had often talked of him, of his handsomeness and the excellence of his person. Yet she had always admired him from afar, it had been Adele he was drawn to. That had caused her some worry, but on the only occasion she had brought the matter into the open between them, Adele had begged her to remember that she was betrothed to Lord Rafe. She had assured her that she was not likely to forget that and all that lord Rafe had done for her, just because a good looking young man seemed to have a predilection for her society. Then she had laughed and said that she rather fancied that Randwulf would not have had her anyway.
Looking back Eda could see that there had never been the least danger of Adele developing romantic feelings for Randwulf. She had always been able to judge him with an accuracy that would have been impossible for someone who had been in love. Eda remembered a conversation in which she and Adele had fallen out badly. Adele had remarked that it was a pity Randwulfs eyes were so deep set, and Eda had contested such a slur angrily. 
Time had passed, and with that time Randwulfs attitude had changed. He had begun to take more notice of Eda, and his manner had become steadily warmer. They had spent more of his visits in conversation together, and she had felt her admiration grow to become slightly different. It became a much stronger emotion that had burnt most fiercely when Randwulf had been at her side.
She had been a little nervous of the feeling at first. Randwulf had seemed to experience the same intense bond, or at least that is how it had seemed to her. How many times had she thought that there had been something in his eyes? 
She had been wrong, or maybe he had changed his mind. Perhaps he had only been friendly and then, sensing her attachment, had seen his mistake. Either way, his manner had changed abruptly. He had started to treat her distantly, as though she had been a stranger.  
The pain of it had shocked her with its potency. she had felt for the longest time that she must have done something wrong, that somehow she had caused offence. Maybe she had, but it no longer mattered for the end had been the same. The cordiality had disappeared between them and left only coolness behind. Eda was surprised to feel Adeles hand slip into hers, and she turned to look down into her friends conscious stricken eyes.  
Forgive me, Eda, I meant no harm.
Eda forced a smile.
I know. She lifted her free hand to rest upon Adeles. Only look at the two of us; we do not play this game of love very well, do we?
Adeles eyes widened and she looked away.
I never said that I loved him, Eda.  
Come, Adele; if you did not love him you would not feel so wretched. Eda paused, her expression becoming softly unfocused. It is the ones we love best in the world that have the greatest power to hurt us.

Chapter Twenty Three


Rafe?
What is it, Fricka? 
Rafe did not turn from his task but became even more intently focused upon it. He sat in a chair by the fire in Leofrics tent, his sword was on his knee, and he was sharpening it with firm, even strokes.
Leofric judged that the time was not right for him to say that which was on his mind.
The tents have been reconstructed on the other side of the camp, joining our camp with Rands. I have set guards to patrol the perimeter.
Rafe nodded, dusk was approaching and it was necessary to accomplish their plans before it was completely dark.  
How is Finan?
No change. Leofric looked down at the floor, and his next words came with difficulty. Drogo becomes increasingly worried; he does not say anything, but I think he is at a loss to know what more to do.
For a moment both men were silent, and then Rafe flung himself from his seat.
Why, Fricka? It would be something to know why Lord Merrodon has done this thing.
I fear that we will not know why until Finan recovers sufficiently to tell us.
Neither man spoke the fear that ran cold in their veins; that Finan might not recover, that they might lose him just as they had lost Evoric. Some time elapsed before Rafe spoke again, his voice filled with determined bravado.  
We will right this yet.
Will we, Rafe? Leofric surveyed his friend thoughtfully. Maybe Lord Merrodon will not be so easily defeated.
Rafe snorted scornfully.
At this moment Lord Merrodon sits at home weak with fear and worry, I would bet my life on it.
Fear is not an emotion to be disparaged, it breeds a dangerous power. Only think; with one move he has placed all he has in jeopardy. He has nothing more to lose and his actions will be desperate. 
That may be true, but you will find revenge is just as powerful, answered Rafe, pulling back the tent flap. Look out there, Leofric, look at those men. Valreks finest warriors, soldiers who respect and like Finan. If you do not know the rage in their hearts over this atrocity, you will soon see its effects.
What if Lord Merrodon will not yield?
He will be powerless to do aught else. I will fight him with every means at my disposal. I will hound him and thwart his every move until he finds himself cornered like the cur he is; and he will yield.
Leofric watched his friend quietly for a moment.
Lady Adele was not best pleased I take it? 
Rafes head jerked around, his eyes turbulent and just a little bit wary.
I fail to see the connection.
Leofric raised an eyebrow, and colour stained Rafes cheeks.  
It is a different matter altogether and has no bearing on this.
Ouch, that bad was it? Leofric shrugged his shoulders.  No matter; it has been my observation that great anger needs much fuel to sustain its intensity. Tis probable that a period of calm reflection will do much to make the matter clear. 
Rafe shook his head, his shoulders sloping tiredly.
You saw not her face.
I was talking about you.
Rafe scowled and turned back to his task.
What would you have me do? 
Leofric wondered over to the bed and flung himself down upon it, leaning back and closing his eyes.  
Forgive me; to which of your problems do you refer?
The one which, I have no doubt, you have prepared a monologue for.
Leofric grinned.
You are fortunate, my friend; I have prepared words of wisdom on both subjects. He paused and the light heartedness disappeared from his face. This thing with Merrodon, by all means exact justice but be careful: revenge is a powerful emotion that will not always prompt you to do right. 
And with regard to Adele?
Leofric tilted his head thoughtfully to one side.  
Do not be so anxious; your discomfort will only make her ill at ease. Try instead to put all that is past behind you, there is no help in looking back. Leofric smiled ruefully. And now I have given so freely of my great acumen, I will leave you.
Where do you go?
If it please you, I wish to speak with Lady Adele.
Of course, if that is your wish.
Rafes face showed plainly that he wanted very much to know why Leofric should wish to hold any sort of conversation with Adele, but he forbore to question his friend.  
It occurred to me that the ladies might have some knowledge that would be of help to Finan. 
I never thought of that, his tone was startled. I do not know if they will be of any use.
There is no harm in asking, he replied.
 No, but I did not wish your hopes to be raised only to be disappointed.
Leofric gazed down at the grass, a slight frown between his brows.
You do not seem to hold either lady in very high esteem. 
Tis not that. Lady Eda, though upon occasion irritating of manner, is I believe a perfectly agreeable young lady. 
And Lady Adele? asked Leofric softly.  
This time Rafe was silent for longer, and when he finally spoke his words were slow and carefully chosen.  
Adele is amiable. In all our journeying I do not believe she offered one word of complaint, but I have no reason to believe that she has been brought up to be in the least useful. In fact, quite the reverse; the lady who had charge of her made it more than plain that she was fit only to adorn Valrek as some sort of object of beauty.
Having seen her I should say she will not disappoint in that duty. Leofric smiled teasingly. A beautiful, uncomplaining bride? I have a mind to lay claim to her myself. You will remember that I offered her my hand and heart before you did. It could be said my claim is stronger than yours! 
For an unguarded moment Rafes eyes betrayed a light not unlike the light of battle.
As I recall you were not present, Leofric. It was your fathers offer on your behalf and I cannot recall any mention of your heart at the time.
Ah yes, but she doesnt know that. I could have been suffering under a hopeless passion all these years! 
Rafe raised an eyebrow.
For a woman, nay, a babe you had never even met? he queried. Even if she were fool enough to swallow such a tale I would soon set her right.
And destroy my chances with her? asked Leofric pretending shock.
You have no chance with her, responded Rafe unfeelingly. Besides tis no more than you would do to me. 
Really, Rafe, and here I was thinking I would rid you of your unwanted burden.
You mistake the matter; should I wish to be rid of her I could accomplish the task without your help. 
Could you though? Leofrics tone was mock admiring. Your ingenuity knows no bounds.
Rafe caught Leofrics eye and saw that the words were the teasing of an old friend. His irritation was somewhat diminished.
Am I being insufferably ill tempered? 
Yes, answered Leofric promptly.
Truth be told Leofric was rather pleased with the direction the conversation had taken. He had sought Rafe out with the express intention of discovering what had passed between his foster brother and Lady Adele. Such curiosity was only natural in a friendship as old as theirs, but he had known that the information would have to be extracted with some skill.  In most things Rafe was completely open with Finan and himself. However his opinions on his betrothal, his marriage, and Lady Adele, were closely guarded. Leofric had learnt long ago that idle interest in that direction produced unpleasant results in Rafe.
And so he had been cunning, using Rafes reactions to the mention of Adele as a way to gauge his thoughts. Pursuing this far more successful line of inquiry, he had found, that Rafe was not so complacent of his fate as he had tried to appear. It had become obvious that he had looked forward to his marriage with trepidation. His trepidation seemed to stem from the worry that he would not make his wife happy, and that this unhappiness would be mutual.
For the most part however, Rafe had sought to expunge Adele from his mind. Although his care of her had never faltered. Leofric had a shrewd suspicion that this care had been rather more than was generous, simply because Rafe felt towards Lady Adele an unpleasant sensation of guilt.  Yet all of that had been before; now Rafe had actually met her, had been days in her company. Leofric had not seen very much of Adele, but what he had seen had convinced him, had he needed any more proof, that Rafe really was the most fortunate man in all of Wessex.
Adele had her own special kind of beauty, and a trick of looking at a fellow out of her large eyes, as though he were the cleverest, most important, man alive. To her credit she seemed to think a great deal of Rafe, a circumstance that could only lift her higher in Leofrics estimation. All in all he thought that Rafe might brush through the thing very well.  He took another look at his friends face.  
So, is the wedding to proceed? 
It was a gamble asking so direct a question. However, considering the information which he had already gleaned, he felt he could now be a little more reckless. Rafe sent him a glowering look.  
I do not forget my duties just because it becomes difficult.
Leofric controlled the urge to laugh only by extreme effort.  
I actually meant is she still agreeable to marrying you? he stressed gently.
Something in Rafes eyes told him that his friend was considering visiting physical harm upon his person. Leofric grinned, inwardly of course, he wasnt suicidal enough to laugh in Rafes face.
He reflected that Rafe would not have been so livid if his words had not touched a raw nerve of truth. How angry had Lady Adele been? It must have been pretty bad to put Rafe in such a foul temper. He wondered if perhaps Lady Adele had berated him for the deceit. Rafe would have been furious, knowing that he had no way to defend himself or his actions.  
It had been Leofrics observation that maids with sweet faces and tiny statures were usually anything but sweet tempered when crossed. A mental image of a dainty Adele rebuking a very large Rafe burst upon him, and he was obliged to choke violently to cover his mirth. The look on Rafes face assured him that his efforts had been to no purpose.  
I think you had better go and talk to Adele while you are still able, Rafe intoned wrathfully.
Rafe could hardly believe it. How could this happen twice in the same day? First Adele calmly indicating that his audience with her had finished. Now Leofric was prying into his most personal affairs and finding amusement in their hopelessly tangled state.
Both of them.
Without fear.
Although there had been a faintly wary look of self preservation in Leofrics eyes. How had Adele looked? Rafe groaned, leaned forward, and rested his head in his hands.  He felt Leofric touch his shoulder and then heard the sound of his foster brother walking away.
Huh! Some friend hed turned out to be, leaving him to the mercy of his own thoughts.
How had Adele looked? He couldnt remember, it had seemed as though she had spent the whole time with her face averted.
Was that how it would be between them from now on; would she never be able to meet his eyes again? Would the chilly formality that had sprung up between them replace the warmth of friendship that had been before?  
Coldness.
It seemed so strange to think of Adele being cold, almost a contradiction in terms. Rafe groaned again, digging his fingers into his scalp. He didnt want it on his conscience, didnt want that responsibility. Adele was warm, generous and kind, maybe even loving. He didnt want to be the one who made her sad and miserable, cold and depressed.
She seemed to hate him now. He wished he could think that he didnt deserve it, but he had a rather horrible suspicion that he had come by his just desserts. It had been so easy to become friends with her, easier than he had ever imagined it would be. To be faced suddenly with losing that friendship he felt a good deal of regret.
He had an uncomfortable notion that if it hadnt been for how much he liked Adele, his dealings with her would have been handled better. He was starting to think that anything would have been better than the way that conversation had gone. He had never made such a mess of anything in his life.  
At least if they had yelled at one another there would have been a relief of some sort. Had it been Eda it would have been different. They would have shouted and argued and then they would have felt badly and apologised to each other. They would have come to the conclusion that the past could not be changed, and that they were still friends despite all that had occurred.
That would have been the end of the matter, because that was how it was between friends.
For a shocked moment Rafe was completely still; even his thoughts would not move.
Great goodness Adele?
He began to laugh; surprised, helpless.
Adele?
All his life he had been told that he was fortunate. Everyone had agreed that such a life as had been gifted to Rafe of Valrek could only be a benediction from God. Until that moment he had thought them all fools, but it had been he who was the fool, and he believed now. 
Rafe of Valrek had just discovered a very surprising thing; he loved the lady he had been obliged, all those years ago, to claim as his betrothed.
He loved Adele.
 
Chapter Twenty Four


Lady Adele, might I beg a moment of your time? 
Leofric watched the two women look toward him, and was startled to see a strange look of guilt pass over their faces as they broke off their whispered conversation.
There is something amiss, sir? 
It was Lady Adele that spoke, and Leofric fancied that her voice was a touch huskier than on the occasion of their last meeting. Her demeanour, apart from that faint flicker of unease, was composed.  
I am afraid so, my lady, responded Leofric. A man has been wounded and he Leofric was irritated to find that the words caught in his throat. He does not fare well, my lady.
I see, Finn said Adele broke off flushing painfully.  
Great goodness, would it always be thus? Here was yet another person who had known that Lord Rafe was deceiving her. Had he laughed at her or pitied her? Either thought brought choking rebellion up into her throat.  
Lord Rafe mentioned that someone had been hurt. Adele paused, drawing a deep breath. She was determined that she would not open herself up to more ridicule. She would behave with the decorum that Mistress Ardith would expect of her as a lady of Berron.
 Leofric heard the discomfort in her voice and, even through his own troubles, had sympathy for her.  
He is very ill with fever and, although we have done what we can for him, he he Leofric was obliged to swallow several times before he could go on. He does not revive. We know not what more to do for him.
Adeles eyes rested, in their softly unfocused way, upon the man that stood before her. That which she saw in his face brought the ache of tears to her throat. His features were restrained, as though it were a fight to keep his emotions in check.  
Eda, where are the herbs Mistress Ardith sent with us? Her voice was brisk, trying to hide how much this mans concern for his friend had moved her. Eda pulled a large bag from its hiding place, carefully running a hand over its surface.
Tis still dry, her voice held a tremor of relief, and Adele turned to Leofric again.
Perhaps if you might lead the way?
Leofric was hard pressed not to hug her thankfully. His thoughts drifted to Rafe, and he decided that his gratitude was not so very overpowering after all.
Thank you, my lady.

-------

The camp had changed. Adele was not sure what was different, but something was. The daylight had faded an hour since and, as she passed into the tent, she blinked against the brightness of the fire. The enclosed space held a great many people.
Randwulf?
There could be no mistaking his lanky form as he sat in a chair by the fire. She was shocked to see the worry in his eyes. It dulled somewhat as his gaze fell on her, and he looked perplexed.
Adele? What?
I thought they might be able to help, came Leofrics voice.
He was not actually in the tent, for Adele had stopped barely a step into the room, and Eda had been forced to halt behind her, leaving Leofric neither in nor out. He gave Eda a hefty shove and propelled both ladies inside. Adeles eyes travelled to the man lying on the makeshift bed. The last time she had seen him she had thought him to be her betrothed. She blushed faintly and moved towards the bed, placing her hand on his brow. Her fingers were cold from the night air, but even so she knew that he was much too hot. He seemed to radiate almost as much heat as the fire.  
How long has he been like this?
The man kneeling across from her, who seemed to be in charge, passed his hand across his brow before he spoke.
Since yesterday night, my lady.
Great goodness, for so long! What have you done for him? 
Adele noticed his hands were shaking and that his eyes were puffy from lack of sleep.
At first it was mild, I thought that there might be some sickness in the wound and so I I He swallowed vainly. I tried to bring the fever on hotter.
Adele felt sorry for the man. He had obviously tried his best, and in his place Adele would have done the same. 
 I think that it would be best if we tried to bring the fever down. She pulled a strand of leather out of the pouch on her belt and tied her hair back. What is your name?
Drogo, my lady.
Mine is Adele, I will need your help.
Yes, my Lady Adele.
She smiled and started to fold back her sleeves.  
We will need to bathe him with cold water to take the heat from him, I need you to prepare him for that. 
Drogo nodded.
I will need hot water too, but mostly cold. Adeles brow creased. And some cloths.
What do you want to give him, Adele? asked Eda. She had spread the bag open over the floor.  
I thought maybe a yarrow tisane?
Adeles voice was faintly questioning as though asking whether Eda concurred. Eda nodded and, picking up one of the leather pouches, unbound the tie. 
Drogo returned, carrying a pot of hot water that he placed at the fires edge. Eda took a small wooden bowl and small wooden spoon and, measuring some of the contents of the leather pouch in to the bowl, reaching out to fill it with water from the pot Drogo had placed by the fire. Then both ladies stood.  
Now you have to prepare him for bathing, Drogo.
Adele smiled toward him, and she and Eda left the tent.
What is going on here? demanded Rand.
I do not know, replied Leofric, a little confused. Do you think they will come back?
Just as soon as you have him ready. It was Adeles voice, coming from outside of the tent. Leofric jumped violently and staggered against the wood pile.
Where did you think we had gone? queried Adele, interested.
Further away than that, muttered Leofric, or I would have spoken more quietly.
Within a few moments Finan was ready and both ladies re-entered the tent.
We will need that cold water now, Drogo.
The men are bringing it up from the stream, he replied.  Even as he spoke a soldier staggered in with a large cauldron of water. Adele directed that it should be placed at her side. Finan was moving restlessly on the bed, and she reached out to touch his forehead again as Eda took her place on his other side. Another soldier arrived with more water and placed it next to Eda.
It is enough for now.
Adeles hand was still pressed against Finans brow.  
How he burns, Eda, I wish there was some way to submerge him.
For the first time her voice was a little uncertain.  
This way will do well enough, twill be harder for us is all. Eda pulled a face of mock disapproval. Trust a man to make things difficult.
Adele smiled gratefully at this attempt at humour.  
I think we had better cool him first; he is so restless I do not think we could force him to swallow the tisane. 
Eda nodded her agreement, and both ladies dipped their cloths into the icy water, wringing them out, and placing them against Finans burning skin.
Adele was not sure how long they sat applying the cold cloths. After an eternity it seemed as though Finan was a little cooler, surely he seemed more restful and moved less?
Adele had hopes that between them, she and Eda would be able to make him swallow all of the tisane. She wrung out her cloth and placed it on Finans forehead, then she slipped her arm beneath him, cradling him against her shoulder, and managed to wedge his head still against her neck.
He tried to jerk away as Eda carefully spooned the brew into his mouth, but Adele held him firmly in place and the liquid was reluctantly swallowed. It took a long while to feed him the whole bowlful and much patience. By the time he had swallowed the last of the fluid he was burning again and Adele was overheated from contact with him. She pushed the damp hair back from her face, thinking that never had she been so hot before.
I had best make some more.  Eda straightened from her awkward position with difficulty.
Adele nodded, already trying to bring some coolness back to Finans skin. It seemed an almost impossible task and she shifted her pose, stifling a groan as her aching muscles protested.
Will you be alright for the moment? asked Eda.  
Adele nodded briefly, and Eda stood and moved back to the fire. Adele continued with the task before her and was startled when someone took Edas place at the other side of the bed.  It was the young man that had brought her here. She had a vague recollection of Randwulf calling him Leofric. As she watched he grasped the cloth that Eda had left floating in the cauldron, wrung it out, and placed it against Finans feverish face.
He is still very hot.
His eyes were worried and she felt herself smiling with reassurance.
Tis too soon to tell if there is much of a difference, she responded. Give him more time.
Leofric nodded and, turning back to the task at hand, they laboured together in silence. It was some time later when Adele sat back from the bed and raised her arm to push the clinging tendrils of hair from her flushed face. She felt a hand fall heavily on her shoulder, and looked up to see Finn standing over her.
No, he was not Finn, she reminded herself: he was Lord Rafe.
Tis my turn I think.   
Adele remained completely still, looking up at him with the dazed expression of someone very tired. He bent down, caught her elbow, and gave a gentle tug. Somewhat to his surprise he found Adele stood obediently. She was looking him straight in the eye, a slight furrow between her brows, and he realised she was too tired to feel awkward with him. He took the cloth from her loose grip and, looking over her at someone who stood behind, jerked his head slightly. She turned to find Randwulf vacating his seat by the fire.  
No, please. She shook her head. Not by the fire, I am too warm.
Rafe dragged the seat to the tent opening where there was a slight breeze. Then he took her place beside Finan. Adele watched him closely; he looked tired, and the same worry that she had seen in Lord Leofric and Randwulfs eyes was also present in his. 
Adele could not remember very much of the man that now lay senseless on the bed. He had seemed brusque when they had spoken, but then, she understood why now. Later when Finn Lord Rafe, Adele reminded herself sharply, and Randwulf were fighting he had seemed irritable. Yet there had to be something about him that was special. Lord Rafe and Lord Leofric would not show such sadness and worry at his condition otherwise.
And Randwulf.
Adele closed her eyes and leaned her head back. For a while she rested, but something was nagging at the back of her mind.  She screwed up her eyes trying to ignore the feeling, then shook her head and opened them again. 
Randwulf was watching Eda. 
Adele could see that her friend was unaware of his eyes upon her; she was fully occupied with her task.  Eda reached for the hot water that kept warm by the fire but, before her fingers could grasp the pot, Randwulf had taken it from the fire and was pouring it into the bowl for her. She looked surprised, and muttered something that could have been a thank you before turning away. 
Randwulf.
Adeles eyes cleared sharply. Why was Randwulf so worried? It made no sense. It was obvious why Lord Rafe and Lord Leofric were so concerned; Finan was obviously a close friend. However, why should Randwulf share their concern?
What is it, Adele?
Adele realised that she had been staring at Randwulf and suddenly he was returning her regard. She shrugged as he moved to her side and leaned against her chair.  
I was thinking how very anxious Lord Rafe seems to be for his friend, Lord Leofric too. She allowed her eyes to rest on the two men labouring at the sick mans side, before turning to catch Randwulfs expression. His face was closed against her scrutiny, giving nothing away. It was far too careful an expression for a man who had nothing to hide.  Who is he precisely, Randwulf?
From what I gather he is the captain of Lord Rafes army, and his eldest foster brother; the two have been friends since childhood. 
I see.
For a moment Adele was distracted by the thought that Finan was such an old friend of Rafes. She felt tears pricking her eyes and was conscious, for the third time in the short while she had known him, of an overwhelming desire to comfort Rafe.
Eda rose from her place by the fire and took the medicine she had made to Finans bed. Leofric received it from her with the assurance that he would see that Finan swallowed every drop. Eda seemed awkward, having no idea what she should do now that her duties had been commandeered by another.  She turned to Adele but, seeing Randwulf standing so close, did not move to join her.
And how long have you and he been friends? asked Adele.
Randwulf managed to school his features into a blank mask. Adele had the satisfaction of seeing surprise, and even a little panic, leap into his eyes.
I do not understand your meaning, Adele, he responded frostily, straightening to tower over her.  Adele regarded the movement with just a touch of insolence in her expression, reflecting that he must be shaken to try and intimidate her.
I think that you are only too well aware of my meaning, Randwulf. Her eyes met his, large, wondering, and soft.  
Randwulf regarded her warily, knowing that those mesmerising eyes of hers were nothing more than a trap. They lulled him into the belief that he was safe and then when he least expected it, the trap sprang shut.  
I do not know what it is that you are hiding from me, but I am fully aware that there is something; there always has been.
Rand opened his mouth to speak but no words would come.  Adele continued to watch him, her expression the same. He could feel the trap closing, forcing the truth into his throat where at any moment it would spill as words from his lips.  
Leave Eda alone.
Rands head jerked round to find Adeles eyes still upon, him and he fancied he saw a hard glitter in their depths.  
I beg your pardon?
Adele made an irritated noise in the back of her throat.  
Let us not pretend that you know not what I mean. She tilted her head a little to one side. Or perhaps you would like me to go into greater detail? 
Adele saw Rand compress his lips and turn from her, but did not feel any the less annoyed with him.  
Rands face remained blank, but within he felt a seething emotion bubbling furiously. No one, absolutely no one, had ever dared to talk to him like that. Even his father had known that there was only so far he could be pushed.  Yet here was Adele, little Adele, barely more than a child Adele, daring to speak to him as though he had been an erring boy.
He had done nothing of which he was ashamed. He had never given any sign, or made any move, that might lead either lady to suppose that he had any feelings toward them than were warmer than friendship. Rand kept silent, he knew whatever he said in a moment of anger would be wrong and he would regret it later. 
His eyes shifted to where Rafe knelt beside Finan. He was no longer the gangling youth Rand had known once. Rafe had always been tall, but the years had brought muscle to fill out his shoulders and Rand knew, from painful personal experience, the punishment that he was capable of inflicting.
Yes he would regret anything said to Adele in a moment of anger that might cause her distress. Rafe, he was more than certain, would see to it. Still, it didnt change the fact that he had done no wrong.
But.
Damnation, it always came back to that. He should have known. They had only been girls, very young and very innocent. He should have realised that something like that might happen. How could he have been so blind? It must have seemed like some sort of fairy tale to them; a mysterious warrior climbing over the wall of the fort in which they were ensconced with little freedom and much curiosity of the world outside.
He felt quite sick just thinking about it. The pity of it was that he liked Eda; he liked her sharp tongue, and her dryness amused him. Even more than that, he had liked the way she had looked at him. It had made him feel important and clever. It had made him feel older and wiser. It had made him feel good; she had made him feel good, better than he had ever felt before. Few things in his life had been good, let alone imparted that feeling onto him.
It hadnt hurt that she had been one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen. She was radiant, stunning, breathtaking, striking as always the words ran out long before he had done justice to the excellence of her person.
Most importantly she had been obvious in her admiration of him, it had been her best quality. It had flattered his pride and, having felt that rush of pleasure at her attitude once, there had been an urge to feel it again, and then again.  It had been hard to stop.
Goodness knew he had not wanted to, but in the end there had been no other choice. Rand sighed; the truth was that he had used her, used the feelings she had displayed toward him as a balm.
The worst of it was that he had been content to keep on using her, regardless of the danger. That knowledge would always haunt him. He wasnt sure what he felt most guilty for; the way he had treated her at first, or the dishonourable way he had shirked the consequences of his actions later. She had deserved better than that, but he had panicked when he realised the extent of her feelings for him.
He was ashamed to own that had it not been for Adele, for the breach he was trying to heal, Eda would probably not have seen him again.
Then again, perhaps a clean break would have been better after all.
Surely it could have been no worse than that which had followed. The continued visits where he had all but ignored her, treated her with a coldness he had not felt but which had nevertheless been necessary. Perhaps it would have been easier for her if it had just ended. He knew it would have been easier for him. He had suffered the sharpest twinges of conscience watching the hurt and bewilderment in her face, the disillusionment. It had been his penance. Nothing could have been more effective in impressing upon him his stupidity, than making him watch the pain his own thoughtless actions had inflicted upon another.  
Adele was watching his face closely for some sign as to his thoughts.
There was nothing.
She sighed irritably and turned again to the trio on the other side of the tent. Her eyes clashed with Rafes and all thought of Randwulf and Eda, along with the rest of humanity, flew from her head.
Rafes face, unlike Randwulfs, was very expressive. It had been one of the first things she had noticed about him, and she still held it as one of the most attractive. He looked bleak, a little uncomfortable, and very irritated.  
Is there nought more we can do for him?
It was Leofrics voice.
Adele stood, moving to where Rafe kneeled and sinking down beside him. She leant forward; reaching across Rafe to place her fingers against Finans brow, then his cheek and lastly his neck.
He is much cooler; if we can keep him like this until the fever has run its course he will be fine. 
Both Leofric and Rafe let out huge sighs, and before Adeles eyes their large frames seemed to deflate. Rafes face took on a relaxed, peaceful cast.
How much affection he must have had for the sick man. Adele couldnt believe how desperately she longed for him to feel that level of affection for her also. She resolutely reined in her thoughts and took the cloth from his slackened grasp.
How long will it be before the fever poses no threat? asked Rafe.
Adele continued in the task of cooling Finan, a slight furrow between her brows as she considered his question.
The yarrow tisane will take the fever away. It should not be more than a few hours before he wakes, but he will be weak. 
She took a quick look up at him from beneath her lashes.  Now that the worry had left his face he looked tired; white with dark smudges of fatigue beneath his eyes, and pale, bloodless lips.
You look exhausted, you should get some sleep, Finn Adele blushed at her mistake and looked away. I-I forgive me 
Rafe shook his head, making a clumsy gesture of reassurance.
Do not be; I think you were right.
Adele lifted her eyes to him hesitantly.
When we first met, you said Finn was a friendly name, Rafe swallowed awkwardly. It matters not to me if you call me by it sometimes. I mean that is 
For a moment he floundered and then his eyes met hers, a comradely smile in their depths. 
It reminds me of easier times. 
Rafe winced; that hadnt come out as he had meant it to. He had been trying to tell her that, even with the worry and anxiety he had felt, there had been an underlying happiness in the days they had spent together.  
Adele continued to regard him steadily. More than anything he wanted to say something, to explain to her his thoughts. He knew that if he tried it would only become more tangled. It always did.
Adele had said nothing, she didnt smile but she didnt seem offended either. Rafe felt horribly uncomfortable under her unflinching glaze. With those huge eyes she seemed capable of seeing into his very soul, though why she should want to he couldnt think. Finally she seemed to decide something.
I was happy too, Rafe. She stumbled a little over his name, but he was glad she had made the effort to used it. He shifted uncomfortably.  
Do you think, Adele, that you could be happy again?
Adele disconcerted him by remaining silent for some time.
I would like to be.
Rafe heaved a sigh of relief, and then it struck him that she had not really answered his question. Before he could say anything more Eda arrived with another brew for Finan.  Rafe stood, moving out of her way with reluctance. He would have liked a more definitive answer to his question. 
Strangely, he would have been satisfied just conversing with Adele for a little longer. He found that he liked the way she paused before she spoke, her eyes softly unfocused as she collected her thoughts before uttering a word. He stepped back from the bed and watched as the two ladies coaxed the medicine down Finans throat.
They had saved his life, Rafe realised. He owed them much, and shuddered to think what might have happened if they had not been present. First Evoric and then Finan, could he have taken that? It was not an idea he really liked to dwell upon.
His gaze shifted back to Adele and he found he derived great enjoyment from watching her. He felt a sudden and unaccountable pride in her. She was his bride and she was lovely; not just in form, but also in spirit.
The warm glow that he was experiencing disappeared as he turned and found Rands eyes regarding Adele rather too closely for his liking. Adele seemed unaware of his stare but Rafe remembered, with a sickening lurch, how close Rand had stood to her chair. They had seemed comfortable together, Rand leaning over her, his head a scant few inches from hers. They had been so deep in conversation and absorbed in each other that they might have been alone.  Rafes jaw clenched and he felt his fingers curl into fists.
Adele was his!
He was damned if he would let Rand take her from him.  Suddenly he had an uncomfortable picture of Adeles face, how she had gazed at Rand as though he was the most important thing in her life. Her eyes had travelled Rands face, soft and dreamy, as though she was seeking to imprint his every feature on her memory.
He had a horrified recollection of how Adele had looked staring into the flames as they had sheltered from the rain one night on their journey from the fort. Her words came back to him, filled with warmth for Randwulf. Even then he had wondered if perhaps there was more than friendship between them. Now he found that instead of the uncertainty those words had created receding, it was gathering in force.  
What if Adele had feelings for Rand, feelings that he reciprocated? Rafe looked again to where Adele kneeled beside Finan, her hand gently pushing the damp hair back from his brow. If she and Rand loved one another, could he deny her freedom?
Rafes face twisted into a bitter smile. It was strange to think that one of the reasons all of this had started was because he was too proud to accept any affection from her as her saviour. He would always have felt that whatever was between them had been bought, that she was trying to repay him somehow for all he had done for her. 
The idea had sickened him. He had travelled to the fort to find what she would make of him when she knew not who he was.  Pride had set these events in motion. Yet here he was, completely willing to throw his pride into the mud to be trampled upon just so long as he could keep Adele.  Life, he reflected bitterly, was a funny thing.
 
Chapter Twenty Five


Daegmund of Gradock regarded his uninvited guest from beneath lowered brows. Lord Merrodon was seated across from him, a goblet in his hand, trying to appear as though he were in full possession of himself. Daegmund was by no means fooled, but had to own that his interest was roused.
The House of Merrodon had never deigned to pay the House of Gradock much notice before. Daegmund could remember his father cursing such hauteur, and demanding to know in what way they thought they were better. 
Daegmund had always considered it was the fact that the House of Gradock lacked the elegance of the stronger families of Wessex. He had never considered that it was because Lord Merrodon was afraid of them.
Lord Merrodon still sat quietly, a curious mix of insolence and fear. He had hardly spoken since entering the room, but had availed himself of copious amounts of liquid refreshment. 
Daegmund had never been the sort of person who found it necessary to put people at their ease, or help them when they became tongue tied. He remained silent as well, waiting for Lord Merrodon to collect his scattered wits. Anlaf stood leaning against the wall, half in the shadows, playing with his gem encrusted dagger.
Lord Merrodon eyed the blade uncomfortably, thinking that it was out of place in such a hall as this. The shabby feel to the house, and the rough clothes that Daegmund and his brother wore, stood out starkly in contrast to the opulent workmanship of the knife.
Our families have never been close, Lord Gradock, began Lord Merrodon suddenly.
I do not think it can be said that the Gradocks have ever been close to anyone, returned Daegmund with a careless shrug of his shoulders.
This observation did not seem to help Lord Merrodons lucidity at all, and he swallowed a rather large measure of mead.
Tis my wish that we could at least we might develop some sort of bond between our families. 
I do not think that likely. Daegmund shook his head with finality. I have seen your daughters.  
Lord Merrodons face became suffused with unbecoming colour, his mouth opening and closing much like a stranded fish.
I did not mean that sort of alliance! You must be mad to suppose that I would shackle my own flesh and blood to a Lord Merrodon broke off, observing Daegmunds raised brow. He swallowed jerkily and then forced a smile.  I thought we might help each other a little.
Daegmund snorted.
I thought twould be some foolishness of that sort. You find yourself in trouble and expect me to help you out of it. You will find that the Gradocks are not known for their neighbourly impulses.
But it would help you too! exclaimed Lord Merrodon, a touch of desperation entering his voice.  
Really? Daegmunds tone sent the blood rushing to flood Lord Merrodons face with colour.
I can offer you the chance of revenge without retribution: to kill Rafe of Valrek.
For the first time Daegmunds form seemed tense, and he dragged himself upright in his chair.
You could? How interesting.
Lord Merrodon relaxed, sitting back in his seat with a smug, self-satisfied smile.
Why do you want him dead?
Does it matter? 
Twill matter a great deal if you do not tell me, responded Daegmund with the lazy antagonism that was unique to him.
Lord Merrodon was reminded of the youth who stood in the shadows playing with his dagger. He looked up and caught the glitter of the blade, and the flash of rubies and emeralds. The youth flicked it so that the blade left his hand and turned a full circle, before the hilt landed back in his palm. His face was as indolently relaxed as his brothers, but there was a trace of amusement lurking around his mouth. Lord Merrodons eyes seemed to have a morbid fascination in the knife. He watched silently as the youth tossed it, cleverly manipulating its movements so that it seemed to dance.  
My master finds Lord Rafe to be something of an irritant.
Lord Rafe seems to have that effect.
Quite. Lord Merrodons attention was still on the knife.  
And how is it precisely that Lord Rafe offends your master? 
Merely by existing, responded Lord Merrodon with a thin smile.
I see. So I will be given the opportunity to avenge my honour by ending his life, and your task will be complete? 
Lord Merrodon shifted in his seat.
Yes, but I am afraid there is a little more to it than that.
There always is. 
You see, there was an attempt already.
And it was not successful?
Lord Merrodon shook his head miserably.  
No the injury is severe tis only Lord Merrodon hesitated. Twas not Lord Rafe that was hurt.
Daegmund thought Lord Merrodon was going to cry. He looked scared, almost hunted, and had the air of a petulant child.
I think perhaps you had best tell me everything, responded Daegmund heavily.
Lord Merrodon drained the mead in his goblet. Daegmund gestured to Anlaf that he should pour him more.
Twas not my fault! I had never met him, how was I to know?
How were you to know what? Daegmunds voice had taken on a slightly impatient note.
That it was his captain! cried Lord Merrodon, his brow creased in thought. Gordo, Gadic, Gizzards I cannot remember his name. 
Anlaf, take the mead from him; it seems only to make him worse.
Anlaf prised the goblet from Lord Merrodons fingers with difficulty.
Now explain to me exactly what happened, commanded Daegmund.
Lord Merrodon blinked up at him pathetically for a moment.
I already did.
Then tell me again! 
My masters plan was to lure Lord Rafe to Merrodon on some pretext. Because he was to be a mediator in a dispute between two Houses, he could not accept shelter within their villages. That meant he would need to set up camp. When he arrived I was to kill him and make it appear as though a raiding party from Mercia was responsible. However, Lord Rafe did not come, the Gordo man did. Lord Merrodon turned to Anlaf beseechingly. How was I to know he was not Lord Rafe? He said he was; why should I have doubted him? 
I see no reason why you should have doubted his word, soothed Anlaf.
Lord Merrodon seemed placated, and fell to mumbling incoherently. Anlaf and Daegmund faced each other over his head but neither spoke for a moment.
What are you thinking? queried Anlaf curiously.  
That there is more to this than either of us know.
Please! You must help me! He will kill me if I fail! pleaded Lord Merrodon.
You could always run.
There is nowhere that I would be safe from him!
Come, come; Lord Rafe...
Lord Rafe? Who cares for Lord Rafe? screamed Lord Merrodon. Tis my master that will kill me, there is no place that he cannot reach!
Daegmund and Anlaf exchanged a shrewd look.
Who is your master? 
Lord Merrodons eyes widened in terror.
I cannot tell you! He must never know!
What must he never know? pressed Anlaf.  
That I have failed, that I have come to you and told you all! He looked wildly from one to the other of them. Please, you must help me. We must attack now, all must be finished before my master arrives.
Your master is coming here?
Lord Merrodon shuddered and nodded his head.
For what purpose? asked Daegmund.
H-he wished to see the b-body.
Daegmunds eyes met Anlafs.
Then we must see he is not disappointed.

------

It had been a long night, longer than any he could remember having suffered before. At some point he had managed to persuade Adele and Eda to take their rest and leave Finan to him and Leofric. He had only left Finans side long enough to walk them back to their tent and station two guards to keep them safe.  He had returned to Rands tent immediately afterward, not being able to leave even when he knew that Finan was out of danger. Leofric and Rand had stayed also, and together they had taken it in turns to make Finan as comfortable as they could.
Finan woke just after dawn. Rafe was dozing by the fire when he had heard Leofrics excited voice call Finans name. He looked weak, but the fever had left him completely.  
Finan?
Leofric? What? Finan blinked dazedly a few times trying to focus. Lord Merrodon 
Fear not, Finan, all will be well, answered Leofric shaking his head.
Finans lips moved as he repeated this assurance over to himself silently.
How do you feel? Rafe hardly recognised his own voice.
A touch of humour entered Finans face.  
As though an army had marched over me. How long has it been?
This is the third day. 
So long! Finans tone was surprised. I do not remember but He broke off with a weak smile. I dreamed that I was a child again and my mother was bathing my face. 
He saw the three men exchange looks.
What is it?
Twas not your mother, lad; twas Lady Adele and Lady Eda, informed Leofric.
Finans eyes widened in horror.
You mean that?
Leofric nodded significantly.
What! You let them?
Rafe laid a hand on Finans shoulder, pushing him back down on the bed. Drogo, having a lively sense of self preservation and seeing that an argument was brewing, left the tent hurriedly.
Do not excite yourself, Finan.
Finan looked up at Rafe as though he had gone mad.  
How could you? he demanded indignantly. You know I cannot stand to be cosseted by meddlesome women. 
Finan, you were in a bad way, we knew not what to do. If it had not been for Adele and Eda, we would have lost you. 
Finan digested this information in silence.
I suppose you had no choice, he conceded grudgingly, but his eyes still burned with the indignity of it all.  For a moment there was utter silence as Finan continued to glower at them. Rand began to whistle softly and Rafe turned to stab him with a piercing glare, recognising the tune immediately as one that Adele favoured. Leofric intercepted the look and cleared his throat.
What exactly did happen at Merrodon, Finan? he asked.
Finans brow wrinkled in concentration.  
Tis all a little hazy, but I remember thinking that the rider who had come to escort me from the camp was ill or nervous.  Now of course I can quite understand why he should have been. When we entered, Merrodon said his master required him to kill me.
His master? Of whom do you suppose he was speaking? asked Leofric.
King Aethelbald, stated Rand with certitude.  
Why would King Aethelbald wish to see me dead? returned Rafe.
Rand shrugged his shoulders.
I do not know, but I came from Mercia with the knowledge that both you and Adele were in danger from a Lord of Wessex, I think we now know who that Lord is. 
Finan shook his head.
Why would Lord Merrodon wish to kill Rafe? He had never even met him. No; he stated quite definitely that it was his master that sought Rafes demise.
If he had changed his alliance to Mercia of whom else could he have been speaking but King Aethelbald? countered Rand.
King Aethelbald has no reason to kill Rafe, it makes no sense, pointed out Leofric.
Rand ran his hand over his head and, grasping a handful of hair, gave it a sharp tug.
Must it make sense? Did my fathers actions against Calis make sense? 
For a moment they were all silent, a little taken aback by the way Rand had brought such an emotive topic into the open.
Yes, answered Leofric. At least there was a reason. There had been bad blood between your families for three generations, there was a root where the problem had begun.
What about Lord Gradock? suggested Finan.
He would not do this, responded Rafe.
Why not? Tis common knowledge that he hates you.
If Daegmund had wished to see me dead then he would have killed me when he had me in his power. Why would he let me go, just to have me killed later? 
Deniability; he would have been in much trouble if he had despatched you, answered Leofric.
He would not have let it weigh with him. If he had wanted to kill me, that is precisely what he would have done and he would have cared nought for the consequences of his actions.  He would not stoop to such deviousness as this. Rafe smiled a little. He would see no need to be devious. 
I could almost think you like him, Rafe. 
I understand him and know that this is not something that he would do.
Leofric looked doubtful, Finan flat out disbelieving but both men held their tongues.
If it was not Lord Merrodon, Lord Gradock, or King Aethelbald, Leofric paused. Who else could it be? 
Rafe shook his head, indicating he had no idea.  
Come, Rafe, surely there must be someone? Rands question sounded very much like a statement of fact. You cannot be so well liked as that!
He is not, assured Leofric blandly and, on encountering a look from Rafe, raising his shoulders slightly in innocence.  
Well then, who else is there? demanded Rand.
 There may be a great many men who have no liking for me, but there is much difference between antagonism and trying to end my life!
You feared for Adeles safety, reminded Rand.
Have you no sense knocking around that thick head of yours? Rafe demanded. Surely even you must see that visiting harm upon Adele is a vastly different thing to visiting harm upon me!
In the silence that followed Rafe found three pairs of shocked eyes turned reprovingly upon him.  
What are you? You knaves! choked Rafe furiously. Do not dare to think that which you are thinking, or I will throttle the lot of you! You know that to lay a hand on Adele is to challenge me. However to seek to harm me is to challenge King Ine. It is a far more serious thing. Rafe broke off as he saw Rand and Leofrics eyes focus on something behind him. He turned quickly, but knew already what he would find.

Chapter Twenty Six


Adele stood just inside the tent opening and Rafe cursed roughly under his breath. Nothing in Adeles face suggested that she had heard his remark, but somehow he knew she had.  
Good morning, my lord. She moved toward the bed and the men parted before her. How do you feel, Finan? 
As she spoke her fingers touched his forehead, exploring his skin for any sign of lingering feverishness. Finan gritted his teeth and glowered at Rafe.
Well enough, he answered shortly.
Nothing in her demeanour changed at the sharpness of his tone, but she dropped her hand to his cheek and then his neck.  
Are you hungry?
It was on the tip of Finans tongue to deny it, purely on principle, but his stomach overruled his brain and he nodded.  
Some bread and cheese with a little meat. His eyes took on a faintly glazed expression of anticipation. And some mead.
 Adele shook her head regretfully.
I think perhaps it would be unwise. She turned to Drogo and asked that he might bring her eggs and milk. Finans mouth dropped open.
Eggs? Milk! His tone was disbelieving. I am no infant, my lady!
Adele turned to him, her eyes sympathetic.
Tis best, Finan, you are still weak and need your rest. 
Finan came close to telling her precisely what she could do with her eggs and milk. Just in time he caught sight of the warning in Rafes eyes, and decided better of it.  
This is not necessary, he managed to grind out. I do not wish to trouble you.
Adeles rich laughter filled the tent.
No indeed, Finan; tis I who you wish would cease to trouble you! 
Finan could not deny the truth of her statement, but that only made things worse. She smiled again and turned to kneel beside the fire. Finan cast a furious glance at Rafe and reached out, grasping a handful of his tunic, to jerk him down so his head was next to his.
Get her out of here.
You know, I do not think I shall.  
Rafe, I mean it; I will not be petted and cosseted by that woman.
Rafes shoulders began to shake.
I rather think you will, he observed.  Finan gazed up at him, his indignation taking away the power of speech. Rafe relented.
Finan, please; she has brought you this far. Allow her to stay and see you recover as quickly as possible.
Finan snorted.
She will drive me out of mind, and I will not be held responsible for my actions if I have lost my senses. 
Adele returned from the fireside, carrying a wooden bowl in one hand and a cup in the other.
I promise I will not drive you to insanity, Finan, assured Adele. And if you will submit to just a little cosseting, the barest minimum, I think the experience will not kill either of us.
Finan looked a little abashed that she had heard his whispered comments. She kneeled beside him and held out the prepared eggs. Finan was surprised how appetising their aroma was and felt his stomach growl in anticipation.  
Where is Eda? asked Rafe.
Sleeping, replied Adele. I did not like to wake her. 
She turned back to Finan, watching in satisfaction as he demolished the eggs she had placed before him and holding out the cup of milk. Finan looked at it mistrustfully for a few moments before taking it with a sigh of resignation. He drained the goblet swiftly, finding it to be surprisingly good. Adele had warmed the milk and it brought him a comfortable feeling of wellbeing. 
Adele took both the bowl and cup from his unresisting hands and washed them in the water Drogo had provided. Finans brow wrinkled in thought and he turned to Rafe with a hunted expression in his eyes.
Does she know?
About Lord Merrodon?
Finan shook his head, casting Adele a wary glance. Before he could speak Adeles voice floated across from where she stood.
I think Finan is wondering if I am still under the impression that I am betrothed to him. She turned from her task and dried her hands on a piece of cloth. Fear not, Finan, I shall not drag you before an altar. The mistake has been set right.
Rafe listened to her speech closely, trying to discern if there was any resentment in her words. She spoke lightly and there was even an inflection of amusement in her voice. A wave of relief swept over him; perhaps in time she would bear him no grudge at all over the deception.  
I do not wish to be uncivil, my lady, but you relieve my mind greatly, answered Finan reassured.  
Rafe saw a strange expression enter Adeles face, almost as though she had been struck. Her features became suddenly arrested, and her hands began to twist the cloth she still held around her fingers. Becoming aware of just how her hands betrayed her inner anxiety, she dropped the cloth and it fell to the floor.
Forgive me, but I think I should check Eda. I would not like her to wake up and find me gone, she would worry. She hesitated before the tent opening. You will not try to get up, will you, Finan?
I think I can promise that I shall not try to do so today, my lady. Finan forced a smile, trying to ignore her interference, knowing that she meant well.
And would it be too cosseting to ask that you might try to sleep a little? she asked softly.
A touch off irritation was evident on Finans face. He caught sight of her eyes and saw that they were sympathetic and apologetic. Against his better judgment he felt a good deal of his temper flee.
I think, my lady, that will be possible, he replied.
Thank you, Finan.
Before Finan could be surprised at the grateful tremor in her voice, she was gone.
I think you are getting soft, lad, remarked Leofric with a lazy smile. Next you will be letting her feed you! 
Finan threw him a scowl.
Anyone can see she means well, he responded. She knows a man is not returned to childhood just because he feels unwell. Yet she is aware that if a man is not restrained he will hinder his own recovery with restless impatience against that which restricts his freedom.
Finan settled himself further down on the bed that he might comfortably drift back to sleep.
What? You mean you actually are going to go to sleep? gasped Leofric amazed.
I gave her my word, answered Finan evenly. Tis probable that she is right and I will heal quicker if I rest, then I shall not have to endure this petting for so long. He looked at the men gathered around his bed, gazing down at him in various stages of surprised amusement. What do you do here? Be gone!
Rafe was already at the tent opening, watching Adele as she walked away. He wanted to follow her; he felt that there was something wrong, but was unsure if he should go after her. He might only make things worse, he seemed only to hurt her rather than make matters better. He remained undecided for a moment longer and then suddenly strode after her.
Adele had not expected to be followed and so had allowed a few tears to fall from her brimming eyes.  
Was she that terrible?
Was it such a dreadful fate to be married to her?  
She knew that she was not as attractive as Eda, there were few women surely who could come close to her friend. However, she had not been used to thinking of herself as a form of torture.  
Adele!
It was Rafes voice, speaking just behind her. She came to an abrupt halt in the midst of the tents, but did not turn. He stood barely a step away, not reaching out to her or trying to make her face him.
Adele? His voice was soft.
Adele hunched a shoulder and dashed a hand across her cheek before turning. He stood looking down into her tear filled eyes in horror, for a moment he knew a cowardly wish that he had not pursued her.
What was he supposed to do? He thought of his sisters; what did he do when they became upset? Generally he fled the room and left them to his mother. He grimaced wryly, looking down at Adeles trembling mouth. What he would give to do that now.
He shifted, it pained him to see her so miserable and yet do nothing. If his mother were here she would embrace Adele and tell her that all would be fine. He looked down at his arms; they seemed suddenly alien, as though he had never seen them in his life before. All he had to do was slip one around Adele and pull her against him, offering her all the comfort he could give.
He couldnt do it.
Not as things stood between them. What if she shrank from him in confusion? He would be awkward enough without maidenly reticence making matters worse. What if she were horrified by the action? What if she only accepted that sort of comfort from Rand?
Rafes mouth dried out, his breathing speeded up just a little at the thought, and he almost dragged her into his arms in defiance of the idea. But no, it was a risk he could not take. He must not give her the chance to refuse him while her pride was still smarting. He might never be able to forgive her the rebuff.
Adele remained still. She had promised herself that she would not cry before him and yet here she was, horribly conscious of her damp cheeks and wet eyelashes. With a petulant sniff she reflected that her nose was probably red. No wonder he looked so appalled.
Why did he not say something? Why must he embarrass her like this? Although in truth he looked as ill at ease as she felt.  She sighed, he only ever looked like that when he was with her. Among his men, or with his friends, he was assured and relaxed. Perhaps Eda was right and this was just as hard for him. She dropped her gaze to the grass.  
I am glad that Finan is going to recover.
Was that why she was crying? Rafe thought not but felt very grateful to her for making it easier on him.  
So am I. He reached out and, before he was aware of his own intention, he took her hand in his. It was small and soft, the fingers long, elegant and very, very cold. His own hand seemed huge and clumsy in comparison, roughened by years of training, and swallowed hers completely.  He raised his eyes to find that she was regarding their joined hands with a strange expression of surprise on her face.  Hesitantly she looked up at him, and Rafe saw a shyness in her expression that had not been there before.  
Finan was fostered into my family before I was born and has always been as a true brother to me. We have shared much together, and I cannot tell how grateful I am to you for looking after him.
Adele looked down at the hand he still held and then swallowed twice before forcing herself to meet his eyes again.  
I am only pleased that we could be of help. 
They stood silent for a while. Rafe had no desire to release her and as Adele made no move to disentangle herself. He realised that she had no particular wish to be released. His heart had begun to hammer faster, and where their hands touched a fiery warmth had sprung up. He swallowed with difficulty.  
How was it that you knew that which had to be done? 
He spoke the words for no other reason than to distract her from the caress of his thumb as he brushed the soft skin of her inner wrist. He did not wish her to pull away at the liberty.  
Adele shivered, faint colour staining her cheeks.  
Mistress Ardith taught us, she she Adele shook her head as though trying to clear her thoughts. She said that it would always be useful.
I must remember to convey my thanks to her.
Rafe!
Rafe and Adele sprang apart guiltily at the sound of Rands voice, and a crimson wave of colour suffused Adeles features.  
Eda will be I should goodbye! 
Before Rafe could say a word Adele had fled. Rafe watched her hasty retreat, a slow smile spreading over his face. He was acutely conscious of the tingling sensation Adeles hand had left where their skin had met. 
Rafe? It was Rand again.
Yes?
Was that Adele? Why did she leave? asked Rand, lifting one eyebrow.
It matters not.
Rands eyes travelled to where Adele was disappearing into the tent. He would have been easier if he had known what their discussion had been about, but he doubted Rafe had any intention of telling him. He returned to his reason for searching Rafe out.
We have a visitor to the camp.
Who?
An old friend of yours.
Rafe said nothing but his brows drew together ominously.  
Daegmund, Lord of Gradock. Rand pulled out his sword and admired the gleam of steel, rotating his wrist lazily so that the blade turned in perfect circles. He brought Lord Merrodon with him.
 
Chapter Twenty Seven


You have been quiet, Brogan, observed Lord Ramm of Drogand after the silence between them had stretched out for some time.  They were sitting by the fire in the great hall, surrounded by preparations for the mid day meal. The murmur of many voices encircled them, loud but indistinct. Lord Brogan of Valrek brought his thoughts back to the present with some difficulty.
What have you been thinking of all this while?
Nothing very much, replied Lord Brogan. Only about that boy of mine.
Ramm nodded abruptly and turned away. He considered anything that Lord Brogan said of his son to be smug and prideful, almost as though he were crowing over less fortunate men like himself. It was only natural that he should boast of Rafe, Ramm would have himself if he had been blessed with a son of such character.
However, he had only Leofric.
Ramm snorted. It was a cruel trick to play upon him, he who took such pleasure in warfare. As a young man he had been the best warrior in the kingdom. All he had wanted was a son that would make him proud, who would follow in his illustrious footsteps.
Brogan had such a son. Brogan, who would not have cared if his son had shown no aptitude for fighting. Brogan, who placed so much more store by diplomacy.  
What had he sired?
A boy no better than a kings jester, prone to levity and laziness.
On any day at court Rafe would be found at the kings side, discussing the things that were close to the kings heart. On any corresponding day Leofric could be found occupied in some wholly indulgent pursuit. He hunted, he told stories, and generally engaged in vain and reckless behaviour.  The only time he was ever of any use and it had to be under Rafes command. It was almost as though the boy was taunting him. He was pulled roughly from his reverie by Lord Brogans voice.
Do you know whence Lord Kyule has gone?
To Merrodon, replied Ramm off handedly.  
Lord Brogan contained the worry that filled his mind as he thought of what Lord Kyule would find upon arriving at Merrodon.
I did not know that King Ine had sent him to relieve Rafe, Lord Brogans voice was careful.
I do not believe that he did, responded Ramm.  
Really? I wonder what he can have had to do there then.
I believe he wished to converse with Rafe regarding how to proceed in this matter with Kent.
Ramm chanced to meet his friends eyes and surprised a steely look of menace in them. It was only for the barest second and then it was gone, Ramm could not be sure he had not imagined it.
Lord Brogan was thinking quickly. He had never liked Lord Kyule, always believing him to be deeply underhanded. He was only too well aware that Lord Kyule did not like him and found Rafe repellent. Kyule hated the way King Ine leaned upon Rafe, the trust that he had in him. Lord Kyule saw Rafe as his rival in everything, and never missed an opportunity to undermine him.
So why would he have turned to Rafe for help? Why would he meekly submit himself to Rafe now? Brogan felt uneasy, he knew that Finan was capable of hiding Rafes absence from Lord Kyule for awhile. However, eventually Lord Kyule would find out and use the knowledge against Rafe.  Although, it had been Rafes intention to make his way to Merrodon as soon as he had delivered Adele to Valrek. Perhaps he would have arrived already. Even if he were, Lord Brogan still could not shake the feeling that something was wrong in Lord Kyules behaviour.
What say we go and see what is taking our boys so long to arrange at Merrodon? asked Lord Brogan suddenly.
Ramm looked surprised, but Brogan could tell he was taken with the idea.
An excellent plan, there is little enough going on here. His friends eyes began to shine eagerly. We will show those boys how tis done. Fancy dawdling all this time, what are they thinking of? The primary target of Lord Ramms speech was actually Rafe, as Leofric had no part in the affair. He relished the rare chance to bring Rafe down a little. 
Will King Ine be able to spare you?
I see no reason why he should not, once I have explained matters to him, replied Lord Brogan. 
For a moment Ramms face fell; he had been imagining the stir he could make on his own without Lord Brogan, but it seemed that he was intent upon coming. Brogan snapped his fingers and a page appeared at his elbow.
Prepare what I will need for a journey to Merrodon. Brogan turned to Ramm, his eyebrows lifted questioningly.  How long will it take to rally your men? 
My men? Ramm looked surprised. I had not thought to take them.
Brogan regarded his fingernails closely.  
Did you not? It is, of course, unnecessary. I was thinking of the fear it would strike into Lord Merrodons soul. It would be amusing to peacock and scare Merrodon a little, do you not think? Brogan saw his words taking effect and continued smoothly. I dare say he would capitulate to you immediately. 
Ramms chest swelled at the idea, and Brogan could see that pretty soon Lord Drogand would believe that the idea had originated in his own mind.
I will send for them at once. Ramm slapped his hand against his thigh. It will be just as it used to be. There is nothing like the wisdom that age brings to sort these things out. 
Brogan nodded sagely and smiled within himself. Ramm would never know that he had been manipulated into his present course, it was not something he would understand or accept.  Ramm was faultlessly honest in his own way. That which others saw of him was that which he was. He had never seen the need to keep his true thoughts in check, or camouflage the less desirable of his traits. He was what he was, and that was how he demanded the world take him.
It was his own belief in his excellence that gave him such a sublime disregard for other peoples opinions. He thought himself the best of good fellows, and it never occurred to him that others did not share that view. Their friendship was looked upon as something of an oddity, and sometimes Brogan himself did not know how it had sprung up. He deplored the way that Ramm treated his son, it incensed him and, on occasion, sickened him. 
Perhaps their friendship was based on nothing more than the fact that they knew each other. Brogan knew Ramms every fault and strength. Maybe that was all the relationship really was, a friendship based, not on mutual liking, for sometimes their opinions differed so widely that they could only find each other irritants. Rather it was based on a knowledge of each others different qualities. They knew how far they could trust, or push, or rely on each other.
Maybe sometimes that was all that was needed.

------

The tent was very still when Rafe entered. Leofric sat on a chair next to the fire, his face more serious than was his wont. Daegmund of Gradock sat across from him, completely relaxed, one hand held out toward the warmth of the flames. Anlaf leaned against the back of his brothers chair, his dagger in his hand.  
Leofric looked up sharply as Rafe moved in to the tent, fixing him with a bland stare. Rafe nodded briefly, aware of what his friend must be thinking.
You placed me in a damnable fix when you escaped your pursuers, Valrek, Daegmund said by way of greeting. 
I rather thought that you did not think it likely that I would manage to escape, replied Rafe, his eyes resting upon Daegmund watchfully. No doubt you now regret our bargain?
Daegmund lifted a lazy hand, waving away the suggestion.  
Not at all; I told you I hoped you would live, I just thought it unlikely. His voice was airy and he jerked his chin towards Anlaf. This young pup takes every opportunity to remind me that he always believed you could escape those who followed you. He has been truly insufferable about it, but then he would be, he is after all a Gradock. 
Rafe saw a startled expression enter Leofrics face as Daegmund said this last, and smiled. Daegmund held no illusions regarding the faults of his personality, a personality that was greatly influenced by the traits of family.  He was a Gradock and as such shared, to a lesser or greater extent, the same characteristics as the rest of his kin.  Daegmund accepted it, Rafe even suspicioned that he revelled in it, declaring that he could not help certain eccentricities of character because it was in his blood to be the man he was. Blood always bred to form.
My apologies, Daegmund, I cannot think what I did to give him such a high opinion of me.
Ask and I shall tell you. It was the first time Anlaf had spoken, and Rafe turned to see him lazily manipulating the dagger between strong fingers.
Very well, what was it?
Anlaf proceeded to put the dagger through a complex series of swift movements, his fingers light and sure, his eyes never leaving Rafes face.
You held off seven men for longer than I had thought possible. Anlaf shrugged his shoulders. No mean task, but one of those men was Stefan of Wrenlight. His skill is such that he is only ever been bested by two men; one was his master, Leax the Elder.
And the second? queried Rafe.
Leofric of Drogand. Anlafs eyes moved to where Leofric sat across from him.
You held off Stefan of Wrenlight? asked Leofric. I am proud of you, Rafe! I know, of course, that you are no mean swordsman, but Stefan is an artist.
Rafe grinned towards his friend.
I did not hold him off long, Fricka.
Any man that can hold his own against Stefan has my admiration. Leofric grinned slyly. After all; I know how hard it is.
He is the best I have ever seen, stated Daegmund heavily. And considering the amount I pay him to teach Anlaf; he should be the best that ever lived. Daegmund turned, an amused glint in his eye. You must be pleased to know your wergild has been put to such good use, Valrek. 
Wergild?
For the first time Daegmund seemed to notice Rand and subjected him to careful scrutiny. His posture took on a more aggressive rigidity.
It seems to me that we have met before, you and I, he remarked at length.
I must own you to be correct, replied Rand impassively.  
Daegmund raised his eyebrows so far that they were lost in the shaggy mane that fell over his brow.  
Never did I think to see a Targhe upon Wessex soil again, not in my lifetime.
Anlaf tensed, and the dagger stopped its endless motion as his eyes focused more intently on Rand.  For the second time Rafe saw a similarity between the brothers which was normally conspicuous by its absence.  
He is a Targhe?
Daegmund nodded significantly.
Rand of Targhe, better known to those in Wessex as Rand the Wolf. 
The blade began to move again in Anlafs hand, but this time something was different. It was no longer a playful catalogue of tricks. The movements were still the same, but something in his execution had changed. Suddenly it was an expression of menace.
What do you do here, Daegmund? broke in Rafe as the silence lengthened. Daegmund wrenched his eyes with some difficulty from Rands face and studied Rafe closely. There was a thoughtful look in his eyes, a cloudiness that he seemed to be trying to resolve.
What does he do here? asked Daegmund.  
Anger flared up in Rafes eyes and he became still, a sure sign of just how incensed he was.  
Tis none of your concern.
Rand was startled by the coldness of Rafes tone. He felt as though he were a boy again and Rafes hasty temper had leapt to his defence, just as it had been used to do.  He was swamped by a strange sensation of relief and humility, of hope, that all he had lost was not forever out of his grasp as he had always thought. It seemed that here, between him and Rafe, that old spark of friendship that he had thought irrevocably stamped out, had sprung to life again. Its warmth was gentle and forgiving, healing the breach between them.  
You think it none of my business? Daegmunds temper burst forth hotly. None of my business? When I come to you to warn you of danger, only to find that you have accepted danger as a bedfellow?
Of what danger do you speak?
Daegmunds eyes moved pointedly to Rand and he opened his mouth to speak. Before he could say a word Rafe interrupted him with an impatient toss of his head.  
Not him, his tone was rough. What do you mean; who do you try and warn me of?
Daegmunds jaw set in a stubborn line, and for some seconds Rafe thought he would not answer.
Lord Merrodon tried to kill you, I have him in my charge. 
Rafe lost some of the anger that radiated through his being and found himself feeling a little abashed.  
I do not understand, how did you? Rafe began, only to be silenced as Daegmund continued.
I had it from his own lips.
Daegmund paused satisfied at the surprise he could see in their faces.
Come, tis not so shocking as all that. Whom else did you suppose he would turn to when he failed? 
He came to you for help? asked Leofric aghast.  
Of course; he was under the impression that I hated Valrek, that I thirsted for revenge. How was he to know that we had already settled our difference? To him I was the perfect ally for the situation he found himself in.
Rafes face was thoughtful, his mind running through the implications of Daegmunds words.
Yet you brought him here, to me? asked Rafe. Why? 
Daegmund leant his head to one side, a slight smile touching his lips.
I thought it would be amusing.
Amusing? demanded Rafe. How is this amusing? 
Considering the mess you are in, Valrek, how could it not be? 
Daegmund relaxed back into his chair, his attitude contented. Rafe chose to ignore his enjoyment and returned to the subject at hand.
Perhaps if you told me from the start? he prompted stiffly.  
There is little to tell. Daegmund shrugged, a considerable feat considering his angle. He came, he told us of his actions and we bound him. What else is there to say? 
Leofrics laugh rang out into the silence that followed, loud and filled with genuine amusement. Daegmund and Anlaf remained straight faced, unsure whether to be affronted at his outburst.
What a shock he must have had! gasped Leofric eventually.
I do not think so, he was past caring, returned Anlaf.
Drunk as be damned, agreed Daegmund dispassionately.  
So then... Rafe and Adele are safe, Rands voice was dazed.
Daegmund shook his head.
No; Lord Merrodon was never your greatest problem, he is merely a tool. Your true enemy is far more cunning. 
You mean that Lord Merrodon told you who his master is?
You knew he had a master then? asked Daegmund, his voice mildly inquisitive. It seems that there is something to your reputation after all, Valrek.
Who is it? 
Lord Kyule.
For an entire minute no one spoke.
Lord Kyule?
Rafe shook his head, trying to force his brain to accept so outlandish a suggestion. It made no sense; it was common knowledge that Lord Kyule and himself had no love for each other. Yet, great goodness, that was no reason to kill him!  
Why? asked Leofric, unconsciously echoing Rafes thoughts. What possible reason could he have for killing you?
Nothing, only much to lose.
Daegmund scratched his head.
There must be something, his actions are not sane otherwise.
The men assembled turned to him and Daegmund shrugged.  
Very well, his actions are not sane anyway. Still, he must have a reason, however obscure and twisted it may be. 
Whatever it is, I do not know what it could be.
I suppose it matters not, the important thing is that we are prepared. Daegmund found three pairs of eyes pinned uncomfortably upon him.
We? Prepare for what? demanded Rafe.  
Lord Kyule is journeying here, answered Daegmund. He wishes to see the body.
The body?
Yours, clarified Anlaf cheerfully.
Rafe felt physically sick. How many times had he sat in the same room beside Lord Kyule? Had Kyule been plotting against him the entire time? Rafe shuddered; it wasnt the intent that unsettled him so horribly, it was the fact that he had been blind to it. Yes, he had known that Lord Kyule disliked him. Yet never once had it once crossed his mind that Kyule plotted his demise so coldly.
Does he bring his army? asked Rand.
Anlaf nodded.
Then we must prepare to fight.
How very like a Targhe to come to that conclusion. There was a hint of a sneer to Daegmunds words but Rands face remained impassive as ever. It was his curse, the price of his fathers actions. It had never been his custom to shirk it.
Enough, intervened Rafe. I am grateful to you, Daegmund, for your warning. I am truly honoured to receive so much help from your family. However, if you stay, you stay with the knowledge that Rand is my ally. He is also my friend. His words were quiet, but no less powerful for being so. Rand felt, for the first time since Evorics death, a lessening of the guilt that hung over him.
Daegmund sat impassive and still, arms folded across his chest, a brightness in his eyes that could only mean that his thoughts were moving swiftly. With a sudden movement he stood and pulled his sword free, offering it in a nonchalant salute to Rand.
I have a wish to see how this thing turns out, therefore know that there is peace between us until it is over. 
Rand took the sword from him, raising the blade so that it was parallel to his body.
You will stay to fight alongside us? Why? asked Rafe, his voice betraying the depth of his surprise even more than his expression.
Lord Kyule declared war on Wessex the moment he put this plan in motion, Valrek. I will not sit by and watch as another madman rips this kingdom apart; even if preventing him means taking you as an ally. Daegmund laughed at the faces of those present.  Come; surely you did not think I came out of love for my fellow man? I am a Gradock for pitys sake! If Wessex becomes unstable then my lands are endangered, I will not allow that to happen. 
Daegmund re-sheathed his sword and offered his hand to Rand, who accepted the gesture wordlessly.  
Then what is your plan, for it seems to me that your dislike of our suggestions can only be because you favour a different course of action, observed Leofric.  
Daegmund nodded, his eyes thoughtful.  
I think we should give him that which he seeks; Valreks body.
I see; I had hoped, of course, that we could find a solution where I did not die, replied Rafe mildly.  
Daegmund grinned.
As I see it we have the opportunity to capture Lord Kyule without the need for battle. He is unaware that Lord Merrodon has failed in his mission and that we know of his plans. If we can make him believe that his scheme has been successful, he will be within our power before he has the chance to fight.
A trap? mused Rafe. How will you see it done? 
I have Lord Merrodon captive, he is not very... Daegmund paused, a sardonic smile curving his lips. He is not very courageous.
Anlaf laughed, the knife in his hand spinning quickly.  
I am confident that he will do that which we tell him to, continued Daegmund easily.
And what do you propose to do with him? 
Use him; Lord Kyule comes to see the proof of your death. We will give him that proof and, when he least expects it, we will overpower him and his men. 
And you truly think that Lord Merrodon will help us in this deception? asked Rand doubtfully.
Daegmund nodded.
He has lost everything; he will do all in his power to gain some of it back.
You suggest we let him go free?
He is a petty turncoat, by keeping our eyes upon him we can make sure he causes no harm. Lord Kyule is different, his evil must be stopped.
Rafe was silent for a while, taking in the implications of Daegmunds words. He had no wish to begin more bloodshed and here was an option that alleviated the necessity of warfare.
How exactly shall we proceed?
Kyule will arrive at Merrodon and be met by Lord Merrodon, 
What of Merrodons armies? How will we subdue them? asked Rand.
We have Lord Merrodon, replied Daegmund arrogantly. I have already taken command of his men. 
A look of reluctant admiration dawned on Rands face as he saw how cleverly Daegmund had manipulated the situation.  
It seems you have thought of everything.
Daegmund received the praise with the customary conceit of a Gradock. It was not unpleasant or smug, merely a calm acceptance of due appreciation for the part he had played.  
After Kyule has arrived, Merrodon will escort him within the house to see Rafes body. His army will then be surrounded by mine, Valreks, and Merrodons. Kyule will find, not the body he expected, but Valrek still very much alive. 
The plan seems sound, I foresee no difficulty, Rafes voice was slow. If I might ask you to lead Valreks army in my stead, Leofric?
Leofric bowed slightly.
Twould be an honour.
Anlaf will lead Gradocks men, added Daegmund.  
I? Why not you? Anlafs voice conveyed surprise and Daegmunds grin turned menacing.
I will go with Valrek and see that Kyule is subdued. 
For a moment silence lingered in the tent as Daegmunds words, and their clear intent, became plain to all.  
Then there seems little else to decide upon, stated Rafe, breaking the silence.
Amusement crept into Daegmunds eyes.  
Are you sure? It seems to me you have forgotten something of great importance. 
Rafes brow furrowed thoughtfully, and Daegmunds hearty laugh resounded around a small tent.
What of your bride, Valrek? Have you forgotten her? 
So he had been right, reflected Rafe, Daegmund had known about Adele.
My brides safety is my concern; you may be assured that I will not neglect my duty in that direction. Rafes voice had taken on a frosty inflection. Instead of putting Daegmund in his place, he seemed only to find such consternation amusing.
And when shall I meet her?
The silence that greeted this question was shattered by a feminine voice.
Now, if it please you.

Chapter Twenty Eight


Adele stood in the aperture of the tent. Her hair was hanging loose, tumbling over her shoulders in thick and gleaming waves. The dark blue eyes that surveyed the room seemed more soft and dreamy even than normal, and the cold air had teased colour into her cheeks.  Rafe saw Daegmund jerk upright and Anlaf dropped his dagger, both seemed incapable of speech. A sudden rush of pride swelled in his chest, and a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. Without realising he had moved, he found himself at her side and took her hand in his.
Adele, this is Daegmund, Lord of Gradock and his brother, Anlaf of Gradock.
Adele turned the full power of her gaze upon both men and each bowed deeply.
Adele inclined her head in response, she was not used to thinking of Lord Gradock in friendly terms.  
Good day. She hesitated and looked to Rafe questioningly.
Lord Gradock is here to offer his assistance. 
Adele turned back, a slow smile pulling her lips into a rich curve.
You honour us with your kindness.
To Rafes great surprise Daegmund disclaimed, and clumsily mumbled something about the honour being his.  
Tis my lady who has shown kindness. Never did I think to see a breach such as this healed so completely. Daegmund looked first at Adele and then to Rand. After all you have lost, my lady, your forgiveness does you credit. 
Adele looked confused, her eyes shifting from Daegmund to Rafe.
Forgiveness? Whom do I have to forgive? 
Rafe attempted to catch Daegmunds eye, but Lord Gradocks vision was filled with Adeles charm and he did not see.  
Why, even Lord Rand himself must see that you have much to forgive him for as a son of the House of Targhe.
The room became silent, and Daegmund seemed to realise belatedly that something was not as it seemed. Adele remained still, her eyes fixed upon Rand but staring through him in a way that was detrimental to his comfort. Rafes grip on her hand tightened, seeking to give her reassurance. She did not return the pressure but her hand remained limp in his.
What is your name? she asked eventually.
You have just been told, Adele.  
I would have the truth from your own lips.
There was a slight pause, and then Rand gave an abrupt nod.  
I am Rand, Lord of Targhe, known in Wessex as Rand the Wolf.
His voice and face were blank, concealing his feelings from her probing eyes. This was it, Rand thought, the moment he had both longed for and dreaded. Now Adele knew the truth and that was a relief, he had not enjoyed deceiving her nor being cast in the part of deceiver.
Still, he dreaded her reaction to the revelation. Would she hate him? Would she give him the chance to explain? Or would she turn him away forever? 
Adele began to move towards him, slow and deliberate; he could see the tears glittering in her eyes. He didnt flinch but stood his ground, ready to accept the bitterness of her rage.
She stopped before him and raised her hand. He waited expectantly for the blow to fall, but the fingers that touched his cheek were gentle and soft.
Adele..? His voice was little more than a whisper.  Adele moved forward, resting her head against his shoulder and embracing him.
May God grant you peace, Brother.
Rand held her away from him so that his eyes might search her face.
Adele, are you sure? Do you not wish to know? My father...
Adele shook her head, and he clasped her hands tightly within his own.
You bear no guilt for your fathers action, Randwulf, she interrupted.
Rand shook his head, words sticking in his throat even as he fought to express himself.
Adele, you do not know... I was there... I fought beside my father... He choked on the words, distress and pain entering his eyes as it all came back to him. But I did not know... I never thought that he... your family... 
Adele smoothed back the hair that fell over his brow.  
Randwulf, I have known you since I was a child; do you really suppose that you need to tell me any of this? Do you not see that I already know that you could never do such a thing as your father did?
Rands grip upon her tightened.
Adele, how can you? Why do you forgive me?
Adele smiled tremulously, her face radiant with joy.  
There is nothing to forgive you for. Only think; in these last few moments I have gained that which I had thought lost forever. A smile trembled on her lips even as tears rushed forth to spill down her face. You have given me kin, Randwulf. 
Rafe watched as they embraced again, a sharp feeling of pain and dismay tugging at his chest. His greatest desire was to rip Rand limb from limb, and he would have but for the fact that it had been Adele who had turned to Rand. It was Rands comfort she had sought and not his. The knowledge burnt into his soul leaving only charred remains.  
He had lost her, just as surely as he had lost Evoric.

Chapter Twenty Nine


Rafe suffered an uncomfortably restless night and had no trouble laying the blame firmly at Adeles door. Put quite simply this whole thing was driving him to distraction. He hated uncertainty, and Adele inspired uncertainty in almost all of their dealings. He had suffered enough. He would speak plainly to her and set matters straight. If she found such plain speaking embarrassing, it was just a feeling she would have to endure.
And so Rafe found himself once more inside Adeles tent. However, he found his determination had once again under gone a perceptible change. He felt as though he had somehow  mislaid the confidence he had been so full of just moments before.
Adele was gazing into the flames with unseeing eyes. She stood as he entered; looking very much as though she wished she could be somewhere else.
Good morrow, Lady Adele. He bowed.  
She replied in kind, curtsying before him. He had the sudden startling recollection of the first time he had seen her at the fort. He remembered the way he had looked her over and dismissed her scornfully as a foolish child.
The thought was an unwelcome distraction, and had the unfortunate result of pushing his reason for seeking a private word with her from his mind. Adele glanced up at his face and surprised a faraway look in his eyes. His fingers were gently tracing the rough edge of the sword belt he wore, with the absentminded distraction of deep thought.
Her first flutterings of nervous tension died away as she realised that he was not angry or exasperated. Yet, he was not relaxed either. She wound the loose end of her plait around her fingers, wondering what this new mood of his portended.
Perhaps you would care to sit down, my lord? she asked at length.
His expression told her that there was nothing he wanted to do less, but he seated himself just the same.  
What could have possessed her, wondered Adele. She well knew that he disliked the confines of a chair at any time. When his mind was as preoccupied, as it was now, it was his custom to pace. She sneaked a look across at him, wondering why he had sought her out, and was disconcerted to find him looking at her. With great strength of will she managed to prevent herself from averting her eyes guiltily.
Adele, yesterday...
You need not explain, my lord.
Rafe paused, momentarily knocked off balance. It was true that he had come here to make explanation, but experience had taught him that their minds worked in very different ways. He doubted they were talking of the same thing. Rafe sought to keep his impatience in check. Her interjections were preventing him from coming to the point, and nothing irritated him more than interruption. 
Yes I do, so please let me. 
 Very well, my lord. She folded her hands in her lap and Rafe took a deep breath.
A steadying breath.
For a moment there was silence between them as he tried to think of the best way to broach the subject. However every time he opened his mouth to speak, his pride choked the words in his throat.
Adele had not raised her gaze from the contemplation of her joined hands. He took the opportunity to study her, taking in the curve of her cheeks and the thick gleaming hair plaited neatly over her shoulder. Unbid his hand reached out and pulled at the thin leather string that held the hair tight.  
Adele looked up sharply, but Rafes eyes were concentrated on freeing the knot. It came loose eventually and he allowed the leather string to drop to the floor, before running his fingers through her hair, loosening the plait.
Adele cleared her throat nervously and Rafe, called back to his surroundings, snatched his hand away from her. An awkward redness stained his cheeks. Adele watched him, her breathing a little uneven, as he stared down at his hand in something approaching horror. She felt a slow smile curve her lips in understanding.  
That hand had betrayed him.
It had betrayed his feelings, the emotions she had felt in the gentle caress of his fingers in her hair, the impulse that had led them there.
Adele He paused, swallowing with difficulty. I know that our betrothal is not easy. Its purpose was that you should be kept safe. He looked up, seeking a sign that she had followed the thread of his words. If it is your wish, that purpose is achieved.
Adele gazed at him blankly.
My lord?
I mean that if it is your wish, I will release you from our betrothal.
Adeles eyes dilated in shock.
I hope that you will be happy with Rand, he continued with difficultly, oblivious to the look of consternation on Adeles face.
You hope I will be happy with Rand? repeated Adele, suddenly finding her voice. How can you hope such a thing when I am betrothed to you?
 Because I wish only that you might be happy. 
Oh. Adele looked slightly mollified, then a frown touched her brow as she ran his words over in her mind.  Why do you mention Randwulf so particularly?
Rafe gritted his teeth and gripped his hands tightly together.  
It is obvious that you hold him in much affection.
That is true. Adele conceded, her voice still perplexed.  But I do not precisely see what that has to do with our betrothal. Her eyes darkened slightly. Unless you see it as a disloyalty on account of the battle of Calis. 
It has nought to do with the battle, or anything save yourself, replied Rafe. This concerns only your happiness. 
He saw a flicker of understanding in her eyes, and they opened wide as his meaning became clear to her. To his great astonishment, she leaned forwards and slipped one of her small, soft hands into his.
Rand will marry Eda, Finn, she said gently. He has always wished to, although I do not think he knew it until he felt her beyond his reach.
Rafe started at her words.
And you never... The thought had escaped his mouth before he could stop it.
Adele shook her head decisively.
No, I am promised to you; I always knew I would like you, she confided easily.
Rafe felt an extremely foolish smile curve his lips, but was powerless to remove or restrain it. His hand had tightened around hers, pressing her fingers into the calloused skin of his palm.
Then you wish our betrothal to proceed?
If you are agreeable to it, Finn.
Rafe felt a chuckle well up within him. It seemed that she did not intend that he should escape voicing his own wish that the betrothal would continue.
I should like very much for us to be wed, Adele, he responded, lifting her hand to his lips and tentatively pressing a kiss on her fingers. Adele blushed and there was a slight pause as both of them wondered what to do next.
Finn, is it true that you will face Lord Kyule tomorrow?
Rafe looked up, surprise written on every feature.
How came you to know of that?
Druce told me.
How came he to know of it? muttered Rafe in exasperation.
You will be careful, Finn? Adeles voice was uncertain, and looking into her eyes Rafe saw that they were clouded with worry.
Worry for him.
The thought spread warmth through his soul. His eyes remained fixed so intently upon Adele that she blushed, swallowed nervously, and tried to withdraw her hand from his.  He held her still, preventing the escape.
Adele?
She did not meet his eyes, and Rafe stretched out a slightly unsteady hand to touch her softly flushed cheek with his fingertips.
It matters to you that I am careful? he asked quietly.  Adeles flush deepened and she raised painfully self-conscious eyes to lock unwaveringly on his.
It matters greatly. 
Rafe continued to stare at her for some time after she had made this declaration.
She cared.
His fingers trailed a light path from her cheek to her jaw and from there travelled to the nape of her neck, tangling themselves in the silky tendrils that he had loosened. He paused, waiting to see if she would accept the gesture.  She smiled, a rather inviting smile to Rafes way of thinking, and leaned fractionally closer to him. He kissed her lightly, softly, hoping she would not reject the intimacy of the gesture. He felt her lift one hand to rest on his shoulder in acceptance and pulled back a little, searching her face.
Adele, I want you to know it is the same for me. 
Adeles eyes were slightly dazed, and she seemed to have trouble concentrating on his voice.
What is the same for you, Finn?
I care for you also. The words were not said easily, but they were more precious to Adele for that very reason. Her hand slid from his shoulder to his neck, were it was joined by its twin, and she edged a little closer to him.  
You make me very happy, Finn she paused. Will you do it again?
Rafe looked unsure.
The kiss, I I liked it very much. I thought that, if it was no great trouble to you, we might try it once more. 
Rafe smiled and gripped her waist, pulling her from the chair to perch on his knee.
So did I. He grinned mischievously, an enthusiastic and robust gleam entering his eyes. Adele found herself laughing, wondering what slumbering beast she had awakened.  
Leofric entered the tent a moment later and was confronted by the unexpected spectacle of Lady Adele of Berron seated upon Lord Rafe of Valreks knee. They were engaged in a somewhat prolonged kiss that both seemed to be enjoying with equal ardour. With a smile he withdrew silently and turned his steps toward Finans tent, beginning to whistle a merry tune to himself.

-------

Rafe stood in the centre of Rands tent listening to Finans never ending cautionary list with patience that would have surprised many who knew of his temper.  The truth of it was that he was feeling rather sorry for his friend. Finan had been in charge of Rafes safety for too long to be easy in sending him in to battle without his support.  
Adele knelt at Finans side, smearing ointment on his wound. The sight almost caused Rafe to laugh. He had never thought to see his friend acquiesce to such treatment from a woman, much less be so used to the circumstance as to hardly notice it.
Do you hear me, Rafe? demanded Finan.
Rafe pulled himself back from his musings.  
I mean it; Lord Merrodon is not to be trusted, not by any measure.
I have no intention of placing any trust in him at all, Finan. His words did not seem to have any heartening effect on his foster brother.
Rand will stay here with his men to see that you and the ladies are kept safe.
Rafe bit his lip as Finans face showed plainly his chagrin. What had possessed him to lump Finan in with the ladies? It was Adele who came to his aid.
It is a great favour to me that he should do so. She laid her hand on Finans arm. Rafe would not see it as a necessity of course, but it puts my mind at ease.
Rafe blinked down at her in astonishment. She had not lied, but her words clearly gave the impression that such protection as Finan was to receive was at her request. Finan would accept such concern from her, as Adele well knew, but from Rafe it would be unpalatable.  She had saved both Finans pride and his.  Adele turned to him, her face as innocent as ever, and smiled guilelessly. He had always known that her expression hid much, but he was constantly surprised by the sharp and downright devious way her mind worked. He grinned at her.  
Anything to set my ladys mind at rest.
Adeles lips twitched into a mischievous smile.  
Reminds me why I never wed, remarked Daegmund disgustedly to Anlaf. Never did see a man caught and he did not smile revoltingly all the time. Tis enough to turn a mans stomach.
Rafe scowled but Daegmund had not finished, he nudged his brother in the ribs and turned to Adele.  
Did Valrek ever tell you the story of his familys sword, Lady Adele? he asked.
Adele looked at Rafe to find he was pinning Daegmund with an icy glare.
I do not believe so, Lord Gradock. 
Daegmund nudged Anlaf again, a fact that was not lost on any of the occupants of the room.
Every man that carries it, inscribes the blade with the name of his lady wife. Daegmund turned to Rafe, a lazy challenge in his smile. Why not show her, Valrek?
Rafe gritted his teeth but could not ignore the challenge. With an impatient movement he pulled the sword from its sheath at his side, and handed it to Adele. His eyes never left Daegmunds and he knew with certainty that Daegmund knew what Adele would find. She held the sword in both hands and read the inscription aloud.
 Always together, never apart. Her eyes moved down to the names listed below. Ethal, Aisly, Charlotte, Ebba Adele. She continued to stare at the blade for some time before handing it back to Rafe.
I think the gesture to be a gracious one. Surely there could be no greater honour for a woman than that her husband would wish to carry the thought of her with him into battle? 
Daegmund grinned.
I rather thought you would think so, Lady Adele. He turned to Rafe, his manner still superior and teasing. Come, Valrek, let us be gone. I begin to find myself plagued by boredom. He strode from the tent, Anlaf close behind him.  
Leofric began Rafe.
Tis already done, replied Leofric, heading for the opening in the tent and flinging a few soft words over his shoulder, accompanied by a sweet smile. Rest well, Finan. 
And you see that no one takes exception to that silly grin of yours, Fricka, and endeavours to sever your head from your body! growled Finan in parting.
Rafe caught Adeles hand.
See that you stay close to Finan and Rand.
Adele nodded.
You will be careful? she asked anxiously.  Rafe pulled her towards him and set a light kiss against her lips.
Do not fear for me, sweetheart, all will be well.
Another kiss, a grin, and he was gone.  
Rafe knows how to look after himself, Lady Adele. assured Finan after a moment. Adele said nothing, but kneeled back at his side and replaced his bandage. It was only Finan who saw how badly her hands shook.

-------

The trap had been set, Rafe could only hope that their wait would not be long. He had travelled with Daegmund and Lord Merrodon to the house itself. Anlaf and Leofric were hidden within the forest, their armies ready to surround Merrodon and Lord Kyules army. Rand and his men were protecting the ladies; not only Adele and Eda, but also Lord Merrodons wife and daughters. Rafe tried not to think of them, of the fear that somehow they would get hurt.  
Another goblet of wine, Lord Rafe?
Lord Merrodon stood before him, a supercilious smile upon his lips. Rafe frowned and refused the libation. Lord Merrodon filled him with disgust, his treachery was only equalled by his toadying ways. He was scared of them, terrified of the repercussions of his actions, and his manner toward them was sickeningly ingratiating.  He wished he could rid himself of the fellows pestilent presence, but it was necessary to their plan that he be here with them. 
Rafe watched as Lord Merrodon offered Lord Gradock refreshment. Daegmund refused and, as Lord Merrodon turned away, aimed a kick at the seat of his trousers. Lord Merrodon jumped and scowled angrily. He retired across the room to rub the offending area gingerly, whilst casting black looks to both of the occupants of the chamber. Daegmund laughed, and Rafe found that he had to suppress a grin. There was something refreshingly entertaining about Daegmund of Gradocks brand of frankness. 
Rafe stirred in his chair; all of the inactivity was frustrating him. He stood and began to pace the length of the Hall restlessly. How he wished Lord Kyule would arrive and put an end to the insufferable wait. For some minutes Daegmund watched him silently.
Valrek, the house shakes with your impatience, he remonstrated languidly. Save your energies for Lord Kyule. 
Had Daegmund known him better, reflected Rafe, he would know that he had tried ever since childhood to marshal his restlessness. He had only ever had partial success. When in situations of great stress his control always slipped, and he found he could do little to prevent it. Kenric entered the room, his breathing coming in short gasps.
Lord Kyule approaches, Master!
Rafe offered up a silent prayer of thanks and turned to Lord Merrodon. He had risen to make his way to the courtyard. They had agreed that he would greet Lord Kyule, and lead him into the Great Hall.
I hope you understand the penalty I will exact from you if you do not obey the instructions you have received. Rafes voice was cold; even Daegmund felt slightly intimidated by it.
Lord Merrodon quailed before the look, beads of perspiration on his brow and upper lip. He opened his mouth to speak, but words were not forthcoming. He settled for nodding jerkily.
The room was quiet when he left. Rafe fingered the sword at his side but did not pull it from its sheath. Daegmund had his sword drawn, as had Kenric, it was not necessary that he do the same. He didnt want violence, he just wanted to know why Lord Kyule wanted to kill him. He need to understand what he had done to inspire such vengeful hate.
The heavy door creaked as Lord Merrodon returned and time seemed to slow as it swung gently open. Lord Kyule stepped into the room first, Lord Merrodon following and closing the door behind him.
For some seconds Rafe and Lord Kyule stared at one another in silence. Rafe felt as though he was seeing Kyule, a man whom he had known so long, for the first time. The lank straight hair and beard were just the same, but his bearing was somehow different. The quiet subservient slant of his shoulders was gone. He held himself tall, a man who had power and was prepared to use it with devastating effect.  Lord Kyules eyes bored coldly into Rafes, and suddenly he knew that this man was truly dangerous. The hate in Kyules pale blue eyes was icy and controlled. Rafe felt a strange feeling of horrified fascination that, even in this dire situation, Kyule could be unruffled and calm.
Lord Kyule had just walked into an allys house to find that he had been betrayed. His enemy, instead of being dead as he had been promised, was very much alive.  Why was he so calm?
Why was his confidence not shaken?
Kenric had stood against the wall on which the door was situated. As Lord Kyule had stepped into the room he had brought his sword up to rest where Lord Kyules neck met his shoulder.
Still there was no panic, no fear, no uncontrollable flash of anger, to break Lord Kyules composure.  Rafe moved his hand so that it rested against the hilt of his sword. The cold jewel encrusted familiarity gave him some reassurance as he looked into the face of evil.  
Lord Kyule.
Lord Rafe.
The polite salutation seemed foolish in the circumstances.
As you must have guessed, we are aware of your plans. Your men are surrounded, as are you. Do you yield?
Lord Kyule was silent for some time, his eyes remote.  
You have no idea what I would be yielding, he returned quietly, moving away from Kenrics blade without fear of retribution and sitting in the chair Daegmund had occupied a few short moments ago. I am not beaten.
Your men are surrounded by three armies; I assure you that you are. Yield or I shall be forced to kill you.
Lord Kyule said nothing, but touched his fingertips together. It was a gesture Rafe had seen him make many times before, but this time it seemed sinister.
Always the same, are you not? Lord Kyule sneered. Cocksure, intemperate, and insufferable in the belief that, as a Valrek, you must be right. You were a spoilt, cosseted child; now you are a spoilt, cosseted man.
What did I ever do to you that I should deserve such hate? 
What did you ever do? repeated Lord Kyule slowly. What an excellent question, one I have asked myself constantly over the years. What did you ever do to deserve all that you have? The answer is naught, but you did have the good fortune to be born a Valrek. He allowed himself a thin smile. How I hate all things Valrek! Your family has worked itself into a position of unparalleled trust for the last four generations. You yourself are no exception; how many times have you saved Prince Aedelred from the consequences of his own idiocy? He paused looking Rafe over with a venomous glare. I remember the first time... do you? 
Lord Kyule paused, obviously waiting for a reply, and so Rafe nodded abruptly.
Of course you do; it was in the battle for Calis. Lord Kyules lips tightened. I wonder if you ever pause to remember that you would both have died that day if it had not been for me? 
Rafe nodded again. He remembered it vividly: Prince Aedelred falling, the struggle to get him back on his feet whilst keeping the press of men from overwhelming them. Then the relief when young Lord Kyule had descended upon them, his white horse splattered with mud, sweat, and blood. The rescue had been timely indeed.
Well you are the only one. Prince Aedelred conveniently forgot, and delivered all praise and glory to you, Lord Kyule spat out bitterly. Your father credited with Targhes defeat, you glorified for Prince Aedelreds rescue, and the rest of us left to hang!
Rafe was startled by such injustice and angry words sprang to his lips.
As I recall we were all honoured for the part we played in recovering Calis. For your courage you were given a place as King Ines adviser. You are even now entrusted with protecting this kingdom.
I wonder if you would have felt honoured if you had been in my place instead of yours, returned Lord Kyule dismissively. The worst was yet to come, for your father managed to secure Lady Adeles hand for you. Ha! I had to sit and listen to him blether on and on about her safety and how he felt he had a responsibility toward her. He told King Ine that he felt the only honourable thing for him to do was to care for her and take her into his own family. Lord Kyule laughed mirthlessly. Lies! Filthy, deceptive, cunning, obsequious lies! His only thought was for her lands! He saw, just as we all did, that her lands would be controlled by her husband, giving him great power. He was determined that power would be Valreks!
My father wished to keep Lady Adele safe! returned Rafe hotly. He could stand whatever slurs Lord Kyule saw fit to throw at him, but he could forgive nothing said regarding his father.
So naive, jeered Lord Kyule. Always so ready to believe in honour, pride, and unselfishness. When will you realise that they are just words that we use to hide the truth. They allow us to do as we wish, and yet present our actions to the world as an illusion we call nobility.
Rafe felt sick as the words, twisted and soiled, left Lord Kyules lips.
Your father knew all this, and used his position to secure the greatest thing of all: power.
Rafe could stand it no more, he felt his rage tremble to a peak and something within him snapped. His anger levelled, and suddenly he no longer trembled. His hands were steady, gripping the sword firmly as he pulled the blade free of its sheath and sprang forward toward Lord Kyule.
Lord Kyule was ready for the action and somehow managed to place the chair between them, his own sword in his hand.  Rafes eyes met his and saw them gleam with excitement, then he kicked the chair from between.  The swords touched with a scrape and clang of metal; the jolt travelled up Rafes arm painfully. Lord Kyule stepped to the side, swinging his sword low. Rafe blocked the blow and with a grunt Lord Kyule stepped back and brought his sword crashing down, aiming for Rafes head.  Daegmund had taken a hesitant step forward, and Rafe could hear him shouting encouragement and instruction and then, as he almost failed to avert Lord Kyule sword, heard him berate him vilely.
Rafe allowed Lord Kyule to attack, let him control the fight and push him around the room. He blocked the blows but didnt seek to land any of his own. It had always been his practice to allow his opponent to believe that he held the upper hand, to allow him to display his full arsenal, to study his movements and form, the blows he favoured, and then use the knowledge against him.  
Kyule was good, Rafe had to admit, his blows showed skill and he was very strong. However, he was nowhere near his own standard.  Since youth Rafe had been used to training with Leofric whose skill with any kind of blade was unparalleled. It had been a long time since Rafe had been able to best Leofric but, when training together, their fights had always been fierce. He had learnt much from them. His standard had risen to match that of his friend, giving him a stamina to carry on fighting, enabling him to hold off his opponent for an infuriatingly long period of time.
The fight continued; Rafe watched as a different light enter Lord Kyules eyes; he suddenly seemed to realise that Rafe had been holding back. Then a flame of anger lit his expression as he became aware of the fact that he was not good enough to keep Rafe at bay for long. 
Rafe heard a crash, the splintering sound of wood, and Daegmunds hoarse cry of warning. He couldnt turn to see what was amiss but was aware that Lord Kyules expression had changed again, becoming smugly triumphant.  As the ring of metal against metal filled the room, Rafe realised that something had gone wrong. Somehow Kyules soldiers had managed to evade Leofric and Anlaf. The sweat stood cold on his brow, and with grim determination he forced Lord Kyule, inch by painful inch, into a corner.  
Valrek, behind you! 
Daegmunds call of warning pierced the sound of battle, and Rafe dropped to the ground. His outstretched leg tripped Lord Kyule and the momentum of his strike span him round to face the opponent who stood behind him. He had brought his sword over his head to block the blow that he knew would fall, and reached for his dagger. The blade plunged into the warriors unprotected stomach with sickening ease. With a groan the man staggered back and fell to the floor.
Rafe turned back to Kyule only to see him making his way to the door that hung broken on its hinges. Kyule was unarmed; his sword had skidded away into the middle of the room where the fighting was most fierce when hed fallen.
Rafe couldnt think how he had not noticed the door before, and then saw that it had been covered by a large tapestry. He stepped forward, ready to engage with Lord Kyule again, but as he pushed through the crowd he found it necessary to dodge a blow to the head.
Rafe wielded his sword and just managed to prevent the blow from falling on his shoulder. He staggered as the force rippled up his arm. For some seconds he struggled with the warrior and, as their blades became tangled again, Rafe raised his fist and landed a hefty blow on the soldiers jaw. The warrior reeled back, shaking his head dazedly, but his place was taken by two more men.
The fighting was frantic, the room crowded with men swaying unsteadily together, filled with hoarse shouts and grunts of effort, along with bellows of agony as swords and daggers found their marks.
They were packed too tight, thought Rafe, as he stumbled against a fallen man and was saved from tumbling when he fell against a soldier standing just behind him. Yet there was still men pouring through the open door that led into the courtyard.
Rafe found himself beset by two of Merrodons soldiers, and was engaged in repelling their attack when he heard the swift movement of air as a dagger flew over his left shoulder. The hand that had grabbed him from behind released him; he heard the sound of a sword drop to the ground, and the dull thud of a body making contact with the floor.  Rafe took a deep breath of relief; he would have to remember to thank Leofric later.
The fighting wore on, desperate and vicious, until one shout was heard above the general tumult.
Yield or your master dies!
It was Leofrics voice; he stood on a chair, one arm around Lord Merrodon. His sword reached across Lord Merrodons chest, the blade resting in the ample fat of his neck. There was silence, and a moment later the metallic ring of weapons as they fell to the ground.
Rafe kept his sword raised, ready to employ it at a moments notice if need be. Many was the man he had seen felled just as hostilities had ended. Rafe pushed through the soldiers as they were herded out of the door, and into the courtyard, until he reached Leofrics side. Pulling Lord Merrodon from the chair, he pressed the jewelled dagger that he had pulled from his erstwhile opponent, whom Leofric had dispatched, in to Lord Merrodons neck.
Where is Kyule? he demanded. Quickly, cur, before I choke it from your deceitful throat!
Lord Merrodons hands tore at Rafe ineffectually, his eyes widening in panic.
I do not know!
Rafe shook him vigorously.
You had better know, swine, or a great many vastly unpleasant things will befall you!
Lord Merrodon began to gibber foolishly.
I do not know... I did not plan that far!
Then tell me how far you did plan.
I only... the men... that they should enter from the back. I swear I did no more!
Rafe gazed into the terrified eyes of his quarry and knew him to be telling the truth. His hands tightened on Merrodons collar drawing him closer to hear his softly menacing words.
You will find that, of all things, I despise betrayal more than aught else. Be assured that when I return I shall devise many imaginative punishments for you.
Lord Merrodon sagged, seeming suddenly to deflate.  
You will mete out punishment to me, he would not have been so kind. His anger would have consumed my family also.
Rafe released him in surprise. He held no illusions as to Lord Merrodons character, but he felt that the older man was speaking the truth.
If that is the case fear no punishment from me; your family deserve your loyalty more than I. Rafe paused. However, for the rest you must answer to King Ine. He turned, blurting out an impatient order.
Kenric, fetch Valiant for me and assemble some men, be quick! 
Kenric nodded and disappeared into the courtyard. Rafe held out the gem encrusted dagger to Leofric with a grin.
You have my most heartfelt thanks, Fricka; a more timely intervention I cannot imagine.
Leofric held his hands up, palms outward.  
I wish I could take the praise for so excellent a throw, but I fear I cannot. Twas Anlaf.
Rafe turned to the youth, surprise and respect filling his eyes.
My thanks, Anlaf, I am indebted to you. If ever you have need of help, I am yours to command. 
Anlaf received the dagger with a grin and placed it in its sheath.
Twas a fine throw, lad, agreed Daegmund beaming. Especially in the heat of battle.
Anlaf remained silent, not through modesty, he was after all a Gradock, but with the air of a man who accepted such praise as his just desserts.
Kenric returned, telling Rafe that Valiant was ready.
May I accompany you, Rafe?
No, Fricka; when Finan finds out all that has happened he will refuse to stay abed. Rafe mouth was set grimly. I do not think that Rand will be able to restrain him, but you will know what to do.
You will take someone? Leofrics voice was urgent.  
A handful of men and Rafe raised his eyebrow in Daegmund direction. I would feel easier if you accompanied me also, Daegmund.
Daegmund nodded, looking pleased at the prospect.
Then that is that.
Rafe bid Leofric a hasty farewell, but turned just before he stepped through the door.
Put the ladies at the heart of the camp, Fricka, be sure that they are guarded at all times.
You think he might come back to harm them? 
I think that I have no wish to find out, his foster brother replied, and then he was gone.
A few moments later Leofric heard the beat of hooves as they left the courtyard. He turned to Anlaf, a faint smile touching his lips.
About that throw...

Chapter Thirty


Rand stood watching as Leofric supported Finans ponderous progress towards the chair that Drogo had set outside in the cold air. Eda and Adele hovered nearby. They looked anxious, but seemed to accept that Finan would not like them to fuss.  Finan had been, despite his dislike of the situation, a model patient, and in return Adele and Eda had tried not to interfere overmuch.
Leofric lowered his friend into the chair, casting an anxious look at his face. He was much paler than he had been, and beads of perspiration stood out on his brow. It would have been best if he had stayed in bed but Finan had been determined, just as Rafe had known he would be.
Leofric had decided not to argue, such an action would only have made Finan stubborn and push him to even more strenuous activities. Better to let him have his way; he would soon see that he was not well enough to do more than sit in the chair that Drogo had provided. Without the incentive of argument, he would have no reason to do more.  
Eda shivered in the cold air; more than anything she wished to wrap one of the thick furs around Finan. Yet she knew he would rather freeze then have his men see him swaddled as a infant.
Will he be all right?
Eda jumped as she heard Rands voice, low and close to her ear.
So long as he does not stay out here too long, she replied, trying not to notice the way her heart had begun to thump heavily. She took a deliberate step away from him, and Rand was surprised by an urgent desire to pull her back. Instead he asked the question hed been longing to ask but had not found the appropriate time or place to do so.  
Did she tell you, Eda?
Eda flinched a little at his words, but her face remained expressionless.
She told me. The answer gave nothing of her inner thoughts away, and for some time they were silent.  Rand looked at those standing near; they were close enough to hear what he and Eda were saying. He had no wish for an audience when he said that which he was going to have to articulate. He took Edas hand, but started away from him in surprise, trying to extricate herself, but his grip was too strong. He raised a finger to his lips in a gesture of silence and, tugging gently on her hand, beckoned her to follow him.
Against her better judgment Eda found herself moving after him, and he led her toward a wooded area to the left of the camp. He stopped a few yards into the trees and released her, keeping a few feet distance between them, and turned his back upon her. Now he had her alone he wasnt sure what he was going to say, how he was going to explain.  
I am sorry, Eda.
It hadnt been what he had planned to declare, but somehow he had spoken before he could stop himself.  
There is no need to apologise to me, only to Adele. As she has freely forgiven you, you need not feel guilty anymore. Her tone was carefully neutral but he felt the words held a barb.
I did not... Rand broke off turning toward her again. I did not mean that; I meant that I was sorry for how I behaved to you.
Eda went white, her face losing its colour so quickly that Rand thought she might faint.
There is no excuse that I can give you, he continued with difficulty. I wish there was something I could say, some reason why you were hurt... He paused again, but Eda continued to stare at the ground blindly. It it was not my intention to try and attach your feelings.
Something that sounded suspiciously like a curse burst from Edas lips, and her face flooded with anger.  
It had not been his intention to attach her feelings?  
How could he be so cruel as to mortify her by talking of her love for him? Her unrequited love for him? Surely the least he could do was feign ignorance of her emotions?  
How dare you? she demanded, her voice furious.  
Rand stepped backward in surprise, waiting for her to continue. She waited, obviously expecting him to answer her question whatever it was.
I do not... what...?
Are you trying to insult me yet further? she asked. Have you not done enough damage, have you not mortified me enough?
Rand stared at her blankly, not understanding her anger.  
You smug, self centred, dishonourable knave! she spat, bringing her hand up and landing a forceful slap across his cheek.
Silence followed, so absolute that Eda held her breath so as not to disturb it. Suddenly she was afraid. Rand remained completely still, his face filled with cold fury, his cheek turning angry red where her hand had touched him.  
It had taken a great deal for Rand to make her that apology, and she had treated it as the mud beneath her feet. Worse, she had questioned his honour and Rand held nothing as dear as his honour. He knew its value, and he knew how it felt to bear a stain upon it. Had he not done so all these years on account of the battle for Calis?
The silence stretched out, and yet still Rand said nothing, he could not trust himself to speak, but was feverishly trying to control his temper. Eda could not say a word either, her throat had closed and she wasnt sure she could utter a sound. Over Rands shoulder she saw the camp and, thinking only of escape, made to walk away. Rands hand closed around her upper arm, his fingers hard and unyielding.
Be still! he commanded.
Eda could do naught but obey him and gaze with longing at the camp.
She knew she should not have come.
You think it a dishonour that I have accorded you the respect of apologising for my actions, a thing I have done for no other woman? His voice sent an unpleasant chill down her spine. You think it a dishonour that I should realise that my behaviour toward you was not what it should have been? He paused, waiting for her to reply, but Eda remained dumb. Rand shook her a little.
Answer me!
I... but the... I want to go back to the camp now.
And so you shall, but first I shall show you what it is to be treated with dishonour! 
Rands arm slid around her waist and Eda found she could no longer breathe, with a sigh she leaned into his embrace as he kissed her. Then, as suddenly as he had kissed her, she was released.  
What is it? Eda tried to gather her scattered wits together.
Rand stared down at her in a bemused way, as though he were trying to find the answer to a riddle.  
Randwulf?
You were enjoying it, were you not?
Eda blushed fierily.
Were not you? she countered boldly.  
Yes, but I always knew that I would. He paused. If I had thought that you would be so enthusiastic, nothing could have made me wait this long.
Eda snuggled her head against his shoulder.  
If only I had known, she lamented with a laugh. I would have arranged for a private moment alone in the orchard at the fort!
For a moment there was silence.
Did I do something wrong? she asked at last.
Rand looked startled at the question.
Something wrong?
When we when I She blushed awkwardly. Did I do something to anger you before?
Rand felt rather unwell. He knew that his behaviour had been a cause for reproach, but he had never supposed that Eda would think it her fault that he had pulled away from her all those years before.
No, Eda, you did nothing wrong. It was I who did wrong.
Eda swallowed jerkily and brushed an errant tear from her eye. It made Rand feel like a fiend. He supposed he was.  
Eda, if I ask you something, something you might not like, would you answer me? 
A wary look came into Edas eyes.
I do not know.
Would you try? he pressed.
Eda nodded.
When we were... friends... you liked me a little, did you not?
Eda averted her face studiously, focusing on the trees. After a while she nodded hurriedly. Rand took a deep breath.  
Do you think that you could like me again? 
Eda kept her face turned, but after a few moments hesitation her head moved fractionally in an affirmative nod.  
Do you think that you could do more than just like me?
That is too much... I cannot tell you that. 
Rand felt as though something had withered inside of him, leaving a bitter taste in his mouth. It was as though all hope had gone, leaving him suddenly bleak.
Forgive me, I should never have asked you, should not have supposed that you could.
Eda saw the disappointment fill his face and realised he had not understood her. Reaching out she clutched his arm as he turned away from her.
I could not tell you that until first you had told me... She broke off swallowing with difficulty. I have revealed so much, but you; you have told me nothing at all. 
Enlightenment dawned in Rands eyes, and he lifted her hand to his lips.
I have always loved you, Eda, but there are complications. As he spoke he slipped an arm around her waist pulling her closer again. You did not know the truth, and I confess that I did not wish you to learn it. When I was with you I was free of him, I felt worthy. I thought that if I told you the truth you would think that I was like my father.
I would not have thought such a thing, replied Eda softly.
That is... you do not understand. He shook his head. What you said before; that I was dishonourable, it angered me because my honour is not spotless. My House will always bear the shame of Calis. He paused, his voice coming with difficulty. And anyone who is associated with us must bear that shame also.
Eda was silent, knowing that he had not finished and giving him time that he might collect his thoughts.  
Tis hard for me to talk about; I know that I have no right to ask any lady to join herself to me and I promised myself never to ask. Only a fool would put himself in the position of being rejected.
For a time both were silent, and Eda waited in expectant excitement for Rands next words. It soon became apparent that he had said all he was going to say. He had gone as far as his pride would let him.  Now it was up to her; she must go to him, for he would never ask her to.
Rands pride sprang, in part, from not wishing to inflict that which he loved with the shame that he bore. She understood it and she could not really fault the decision. Now everything depended on her. Rand pulled away, his arm falling from her waist, and she realised that she had been silent too long. Rand had taken her silence as rejection.
Rand She hesitated, struggling to find the right words.  You have always been kind enough to call me Lady Eda, but we both know that I am no lady. My father was a Creole who knew not what to do with a female child. Had I been a boy, he would have had use of me. I suppose I was too young to cook and clean, and not strong enough to help on the farm. What I mean to tell you is that I can bring naught to you but my person and, Eda swallowed convulsively as her face flooded with colour, and the affection I feel for you. If you count me worthy, I would be yours.
For a moment Rand felt almost euphoric. This was what he had hoped for; that in explaining to her his situation she would make it possible for him to claim her. Yet now that she had he felt little better than a thief, underhandedly coming by something he had no right to.
Great goodness but scruples were vile things to live with!  Eda stepped forward, burying her flushed face in Rands shoulder and wrapping her arms around him.  Rand? Please...
Rand looked down at the soft creature nestled within his arms.
Scruples be damned!
Who needed them anyway?
With that cheering thought he turned Eda to face him, kissing her with the fervour of a man who could not quite believe his good fortune.
You are mine now, Eda, and I swear you shall never regret it. 
A slow smile curled Edas lips and she reached out hand to touch his cheek.
Yes... but you may, she answered mischievously. I can be quite a handful!
Rand looked down at her his eyes narrowed.  
Not with me, he stated firmly, for I know how to handle you... do I not?
Eda blushed thinking of the kisses they had just shared. It was very likely that he would be able to keep her in line.  
Do you intend to settle all of our arguments that way? she asked curiously.
Great goodness, you intend to argue with me! 
Well, tis sure to happen sometimes.
As your Lord and Master, you are not permitted to argue with me; I believe it says so somewhere in the Bible. Besides, he continued, his voice becoming reproachful, why would you even want to?
Eda laughed, playfully slapping him on the shoulder.
You can ask that, when you irritate me thus? 
Now you are just being bad tempered, and thats no way to please a man. Fortunately though, Rand cuddled her a little closer, grinning, I have a cure for that.

Chapter Thirty One


Lord Brogan dismounted and looked around him; the camp was bustling with activity. He turned to the soldier who held the horses reign.
Take me to Lord Rafe.
Forgive me, Master, but Lord Rafe is not here.
Lord Brogan fixed the soldier with a clear, all seeing gaze.
Then where is he?
He has followed Lord Kyule.
Where to?
I - I know not, Master, stammered the soldier.
Lord Brogan thought for a moment.
Then you had best take me to see Master Finan. 
I am sorry, Master, but I do not think... that is, Master Finan has been hurt, and Lady Adele does not wish him to be disturbed.
Lord Ramm, who had dismounted with some difficulty, owing to his rather generous frame, staggered to Lord Brogans side in time to overhear this last statement.  
Lady Adele? he wheezed. What is she doing here? 
The unfortunate soldier looked from one to the other of the men and lost his power of speech. He gasped and opened his mouth a few times but no words were forthcoming.  
I think it would be best then if I see Lady Adele, returned Lord Brogan thoughtfully.
The soldier bowed, eager to have them off his hands, and beckoned that they should follow him. He took them to Rafes tent and left them with assurance that Lady Adele would be with them shortly.
Lord Brogan glanced around the tent. It contained a makeshift bed and he could see a few sprigs of holly had been placed around to brighten the otherwise sparse space.  Lord Brogan reflected that, unless his son had developed an uncharacteristic interest in fauna, the quarters must have been delivered over to the ladies. His musings were interrupted by the arrival of Lady Adele. As she entered the tent she inclined her head toward the two men.  
My lords.
Lord Brogan took in the thick plait of hair, large soft eyes, and smooth skin, before replying to her salutation.  
You are wondering what has happened to your son no doubt? she asked.
Lord Brogan listened to the husky tones in appreciation.  
Yes, I had expected to find Rafe present. However, on my arrival I found not only that he had departed, but that also Finan is unavailable.
A faint blush of colour stained Lady Adeles cheeks.  
You must forgive me, my lord. Finan has been wounded and I asked that he might be given time to rest without disturbance. I never meant, of course, that you should be forbidden entry.
Lord Brogan waved his hand in an airy gesture of dismissal.  
If Finan needs to rest then he must rest, he replied. Is his wound very serious?
Adele heard genuine worry in his voice and relaxed a little.
He is fine now, but still a little weak. 
Lord Brogan did not look like his son, Adele decided. His face betrayed nothing of his thoughts yet Rafes reflected his thoughts and feelings clearly. Lord Brogan was very still and restive, so completely opposite to his sons impatient temperament. The only similarity Adele could make out was their dark eyes, smouldering with great vitality.
Lord Brogan, aware of Adeles scrutiny, was in turn inspecting her. She seemed very self-possessed for one so young and, despite the fact that she knew neither himself nor Ramm, her attitude was unfailingly friendly. She looked the merest child, biddable and meek, her beautiful eyes stared out with a faintly dazed expression of wonder.
Delicate; that was how she looked. A dainty, cosy armful.  That the exterior was misleading he had no doubt, something told him that this pretty little girl had a fiery core.  
Perhaps you would be so kind as to explain to me why my son is following Lord Kyule? asked Lord Brogan, settling himself into a seat by the fire.
Lady Adeles brow furrowed in concentration. Lord Brogan smiled appreciatively; Rafe was indeed a fortunate young man.
Tis all a little complicated. I am afraid I know very little of the problem, only that which Lord Leofric has told me 
Oh, so he is here is he? Where is that boy of mine? Lord Ramm interrupted suddenly. Is he off on this wild chase as well?
Adele shook her head.
No; Lord Leofric and Anlaf are practicing with the sword I believe. Adele frowned again. Or did they say dagger? she asked herself musingly.
Lord Ramm let loose a foul expletive.  
Did you hear it! he bellowed. What ails the lad? The frippery, lazy, no good...
Such compliments, Father, and all at once; you unman me.
Leofric entered the tent, Anlaf close behind him.  
Lord Brogan. Leofric of Drogand bowed slightly. He had an amused light hearted smile on his face but Lord Brogan could see that it was a little brittle. May I present Anlaf of Gradock to you. 
Anlaf bowed to Lord Brogan and inclined his head stiffly to Lord Ramm. Even before Anlaf had met Leofric of Drogand, he had respected his reputation of valour. Leofrics skill with the sword was said to be matchless, and his prowess with a dagger almost as spectacular. His willingness to follow his friend into battle was spoken well of by everyone.
Now Anlaf had met him his respect had increased, and been set in stone the second Leofric had demanded to see him wield his sword. Leofric had laughed, saying that it was well known that Stefan of Wrenlight never took on a pupil unless they showed unique aptitude.
Leofric had taken the time to study Anlafs skill, giving praise where praise was due, and had even taught him some few tricks that were helpful in difficult situations. Anlaf had been blissful at the chance to test his mettle against a master such as Leofric.
It was, therefore, with disgust that Anlaf heard Lord Ramms words to his son. With the unconcerned arrogance of a Gradock he allowed his distain to show to those present.
Lord Brogan looked the youth over. He was surprised even if his face did not betray it. What was a Gradock doing in Rafes camp?
Where is Rafe, Leofric?
He took Kenric and Daegmund of Gradock and followed Lord Kyule.
Lord Brogan was silent as he absorbed these facts.  
Perhaps, Leofric, it would be best if you tell me from the start what has happened? asked Lord Brogan.  Leofric nodded but, before he could open his mouth to speak, Rand entered the tent.
Adele, Finan is trying to get up again. I do not think... His voice trailed off as his eyes took in Lord Ramm and Lord Brogans presence. For a moment there was silence and then Lord Ramm lunged to his feet.
Murderous fiend! he roared, pulling his sword from its sheath.
Anlaf stepped forwards and his sword met Lord Ramms. With a deft movement he had removed the sword from the older mans hand. Lord Ramm was left grasping his aching wrist and glaring at Anlaf.
You are a receptive pupil, Anlaf, murmured Leofric with a grin.
Do you not know that he is a Targhe? demanded Lord Ramm furiously.
His outburst went unnoticed by the rest of the room, and Lord Brogans eyes met Rands.
Tis a long time since last I saw you, Rand.
You look well, Lord Brogan. Rand of Targhe bowed respectfully.  Lord Brogan looked his lost foster son over slowly. He had changed little physically; taller of course, and broader, but instantly recognisable as the lad he had once been. The difference was in his determinedly proud bearing. His eyes seemed old, as though he had seen the worst side of humanity and been powerless before it.
To Rand Lord Brogan seemed no different. The same omniscient light shone in his eyes, heavily cloaked by an air of extreme weariness. As a boy he had thought Lord Brogan could read his mind; somehow his foster father had seen everything that had been done in secret. The same suspicion was still vague in his mind now. Lord Brogan turned and addressed Ramm. 
Perhaps, Ramm, it would be best to postpone hostilities for the moment?
Lord Ramm, still nursing his hand, growled and retreated to his seat.
Now, Leofric; I believe you were on the verge of telling us what had befallen you all.
Leofrics eyes were bright with an amused admiration and he nodded.
I fear that for the whole story you will have to apply to Rafe, but I will tell you all that I know, he replied. Rafe sent Finan here in his stead to pose as Rafe of Valrek. He sought to deflect attention from the fact that he was actually collecting Lady Adele. I believe he feared for her safety should his plans to retrieve her become common knowledge. His idea, from what I can gather from Finan, was that he should deliver her to Valrek, and then journey here to explain his actions to Lord Merrodon and Lord Coughly. However he, Lady Adele, and Lady Eda were attacked a days journey from the fort.
Who is Lady Eda? inquired Lord Brogan.  
The Lady Adeles companion, replied Leofric. Rand saved them and together they journeyed here that they might have the protection of Valreks army on the return home. He paused, feeling that his omission of certain facts was only wise. After they arrived Finan was called to Merrodon in his guise as Rafe. On his arrival he was attacked on Lord Merrodons command. He suffered greatly from fever and did not recover until Lady Adele and Lady Eda managed to cool him. Somehow Lord Merrodon managed to find out that he had injured Finan rather than Rafe, and so he travelled to Gradock to implore Lord Daegmunds help to finish that which he had started. Daegmund bound him and brought him here as a prisoner. He had discovered that Lord Merrodon was not acting of his own originality, but was under orders from Lord Kyule.
Leofric had expected some surprise to be shown at this juncture by Lord Brogan, but he merely nodded his head grimly.
It is as I thought.
Lord Kyule? Lord Ramm slapped his hand against the arm of his chair. Have I not always said that he were a devious knave?
Lord Brogan could remember many epithets that Lord Ramm had bestowed upon Lord Kyule over the years, but these had always been of a belittling nature. He did not think that this was the best time to argue the point.
Continue, Leofric. 
With this foreknowledge we set a trap for Lord Kyule, who was journeying to Merrodon that he might see Rafes body as proof that Lord Merrodon had accomplished his task. It was decided that Lord Merrodon would lure him into the great Hall with the promise of inspecting Rafes body. He was met instead with Daegmund, Kenric, and a very much alive Rafe. Meanwhile outside our combined armies had surrounded Lord Kyules. However Lord Merrodon betrayed us and hid some of his men that they might come through a concealed back door and rescue Lord Kyule. In the fight that ensued Lord Kyule managed to escape, and it took a while for us to regain control and set out after him. Rafe commanded that Rand and I stay here to look after Finan and the ladies, whilst making sure that the men kept Merrodon in order. 
Brogan nodded abruptly.
I see. He turned to Rand. It seems I owe you much, Rand; both my son and a daughter.
Relief entered Rands eyes and he took Lord Brogans outstretched hand eagerly.
I am only happy that I was there to help.
I too. Incidentally; why were you there? asked Lord Brogan serenely.
Rands expression froze.
Still the same Lord Brogan, he reflected wryly. There was something uncanny about the way he could lull a person into a false sense of security, only to destroy them with a single blow.  Lord Brogan waited in silence, his very assurance that his question would be answered making it impossible to ignore.  
I was following them, I wished to see that they arrived safely at their destination.  
I see. Lord Brogan glanced around the tent unhurriedly. Is there anything you want to tell me, Rand? he queried.  
Suddenly Rand was eleven years old again, standing before Lord Brogan after having committed some heinous crime of Rafes instigation, listening to those selfsame words, said in that selfsame way, as all the while Lord Brogans knowing eyes rested unwaveringly upon him. He had always cracked, they all had; even Rafe could not stand before that all seeing gaze.
It was no different this time.
I have known Adele since she was seven, Rand blurted out after a shamefully brief attempt at concealment.
I see.
Rand squirmed, Lord Brogan could say a great deal with those two words.
I searched for three years. I wanted that is, I wished to let her know that I was sorry; to tell her that I would do anything in my power to make recompense, he paused. At first I did not tell her who I was; I didnt want her to be afraid of me. Over time we were able to become friends first and she learnt to trust me.
For the first time a smile lightened Lord Brogans face.  
You lived too long with Rafe, Rand, he chuckled. I fear you will never recover from the experience. 
For a moment Rand wondered what he could mean and then he realised. He and Rafe had chosen the same path with regard to Adele; to first deceive and befriend her, and then to risk all by telling her the truth.
Rand? What is amiss with Finan? broke in Adele.  
For a moment Rand stared at her in confusion and then his eyes cleared.
He says he wishes to question Lord Merrodon himself.
Why? asked Leofric.
Rand made an impatient gesture.
He said he wishes to be sure that Lord Merrodon speaks the truth and does not lie.
Then we had better stop him before he injures himself, stated Leofric resignedly.
Tell him that I wish to speak with him in his tent, Leofric. It might make your task easier, instructed Lord Brogan.  
It will indeed help, sir, thank you, replied Leofric, bowing.
Leofric?
Yes sir?
I think it would be best if you could take your father somewhere where he will be comfortable, and you should find him sustenance.
Leofric bowed his acceptance of the task, wondering what Lord Brogan was about. Generally he tried to keep father and son apart, that there might be as little friction between them as possible. He never pushed them together. Lord Ramm stood and stretched.
Aye, I need some food in my stomach, he sighed as he followed his son from the tent. Anlaf moved after them along with Rand. Adele hesitated, not wishing to leave Lord Brogan alone.
I wish to speak with you, Lady Adele, smiled Lord Brogan, gesturing to a chair across from his.
Of course, my lord, replied Lady Adele, seating herself.  She did not like to admit it but the calm and dignified man before her made her nervous. She could not tell what he was thinking.  Lord Brogan took a look at her face and saw that, although her gaze was unfocused and innocent, she was closed and guarded against him.
Were you happy at the fort, Lady Adele? he questioned softly.
Adele seemed a little taken aback.
Yes, I was very happy there. 
It must have been hard to leave.
 Yes... in a way. Adele paused. However I had always known that one day I would leave. Mistress Ardith made sure that I was prepared.
Lord Brogan nodded.
From what Leofric told me it seems as though your journey here was thwart with hardship. 
Adele smiled and Lord Brogan noticed a soft light entering her eyes that emphasized the dreamy quality that they already held.
Rafe protected us from the worst; it was actually rather fun.
Lord Brogan raised his eyebrows.
Perhaps you might tell me of it?
There is not so very much to tell. At first I was under the impression that his name was Finn. He did not tell us much about the journey we would take, and we had not realised that we would be camping out. I had never ridden before and was a little stiff, but Lord Rafe was very kind even though it slowed our progress for the next few days. Adeles eyes had taken on a faraway look and her lips were touched with a reminiscent smile. He cooked us pork over the campfire. 
Rafe has always been adept at living out of doors. Lord Brogan paused. When did he tell you the truth? 
Adele turned from him and gazed into the fire.  
Here, in fact, in this very tent, she answered. Lord Brogan thought he could hear a tinge of bashful confusion in her voice.
Lord Brogan hid a smile; it seemed that Rafe was not so backward in the matters of a man and a maid as he had supposed.
It must have been difficult for you to accept.
Adele was silent, unsure how to answer.  
I think that it was difficult for us both at first, she ventured at last.
For a time there was silence as Lord Brogan studied her face, and then he sat back in his chair.
You know; I remember the first time I saw you. 
His words startled Adele, they were so far removed from that which had gone before.
I was sitting in my tent, trying to forget the bloody mess that existed outside. It was the evening after the battle for Calis, I remember that I had just managed to induce Rafe to rest Lord Brogans eyes clouded. He had sustained some wounds but it was not their pain that kept him from sleeping; it was Evorics death. Lord Brogan paused, seemingly lost in his reverie.
As silence stretched out between them, Adele felt emboldened to ask a question.
Lord Rafe told me once that he had lost one of his greatest friends in the first battle in which he ever fought. Her eyes widened in horror. Was Calis was his first battle? 
Lord Brogan nodded sadly, his eyes filled with grief.
Evoric of Gournay, he was Finans youngest brother. 
Adele covered her mouth with her hand, her throat tightening with emotion.
I managed to make Rafe rest, continued Lord Brogan sadly. Then I returned to my own tent. That was when one of my men brought a young woman before me. She had the prettiest little girl with her; big blue eyes and hair touched with sunshine. He smiled.  
Adele fingered the thick plait that lay over her shoulder, a regretful look on her face.
Tis much darker now.
Yes; you look very much like your mother. 
Adeles startled eyes met his.
You knew my mother?
And your father; we were good friends. I knew him from youth. They were so very proud of you, the only daughter they had.
Adele nodded, eagerly leaning forward.
But I had three older brothers.
Osric, Rice, and Perry, nodded Lord Brogan, he reached out his hand and covered hers. I am sorry for your loss. 
Adele blinked back the tears that gathered in her eyes.  
Of all people, Lord Valrek, you have done a great deal for me, and have nothing to be sorry to me for. Why did you care for me? I am of course grateful but She broke off, tears tightening her throat. To sacrifice your son that I might have a home...
Adele did not look at him, but Lord Brogan did not need her to. Her voice, as well as her words, had told him all he needed to know.
You are very fond of my son, are you not, my dear? asked Lord Brogan softly.
Adele turned to him, forcing her eyes to meet his, and saw that his gaze was tender.
Yes. 
I had always hoped that such a thing might happen, continued Lord Brogan. I did not like to think of you forced into a course because none other was open to you. Lord Brogan squeezed her hand. You will make Rafe a good wife, I think. Of all men he most deserves it. On his side all I can promise you is that he will make you an interesting husband.  He is kind and generous, and will do everything in his power to keep you safe and happy. He is a little fearsome sometimes, prone to an alarming exuberance, and possessed of an unpredictability that can catch a person somewhat off guard.  However, he has a good heart and always seeks to stay true to it.
Adele nodded, the flush on her face refusing to be quelled.
Lord Brogan took pity upon her embarrassment.
And now I think that we had best visit Finan. He rose from his chair, offering Adele his arm. They were both smiling as they walked to Finans tent.

Chapter Thirty Two


Rafe returned to the camp at dusk with the bitter knowledge that Lord Kyule was lost to him. It was not precisely that he wished for revenge, that he would have taken pleasure in killing his enemy. It was that he hated knowing that there was someone out there who would harm his kin as a means to hurt him.  It was not only himself that was in danger now, but his father, his mother, Esme and Aisly, Finan and Leofric, Rand and Eda, Daegmund and Anlaf and, of course, Adele. Until Lord Kyule was dead anyone with whom Rafe had friendship was marked for his wrath.
He dismounted, throwing his reins to Kenric, and made his way to Finans tent. The hum of voices became more distinct as he neared. The light from the fire dazzled his eyes and for a few moments he stood on the threshold blinded. 
Rafe! 
It was Leofrics voice and he turned, blinking against the light.
Hello, Fricka. 
His was so intent in his search for Adele that at first he did not see his father.  
You look tired, Rafe, Lord Brogan commented.  
A few quick strides and Rafe was on his knee before his sire, Lord Brogans hand clasped tightly in his.  
What do you do here, sir?
I am come to see what problem takes my son so long to resolve, answered Lord Brogan with a smile.  Rafe looked towards Leofric.
How much have you told him?
Only that which I knew, which was not so very much, returned Leofric.
Did you find him? asked Rand eagerly.  
Rafe shook his head and, held out a hand toward Adele. She stepped forward and Rafe pulled her to rest against him, laying his cheek briefly against her hair.
You are tired, Finn, she murmured.
A little, he confessed. I wish you to take notice, Adele; I have returned safely, just as I promised I would. I told you I would take care, did I not? He turned back to Rand. Kyule made for Mercias border; once he was on King Aethelbalds lands there was little we could do.
A clever scheme to go to King Aethelbald for protection, he has much information that will be of use to Mercia, mused Lord Brogan.
Tis more than that, sir; Rand is here because it became known to him that a Lord of Wessex wished to kill both me and Adele. Lord Kyule has planned this for some time. 
Why? Why would he wish you dead, it still makes no sense to me, broke in Finan.
Rafe sighed wearily.
I believe that mostly it is because he resents the power and influence that Valrek wields. He seems to think that we have been treated with an unfair favour. Rafe nodded toward Lord Brogan. You remember, Father, how Lord Kyule came to Prince Aedelreds and my aid during the battle of Calis?
Lord Brogan nodded.
Yes, of course; it was his bravery that earned him his position as adviser to King Ine.
Rafe rubbed a hand against the rasping growth of the day old beard upon his chin.
He seems to think his valour was not adequately repaid and I was favoured above him.
Great goodness, why?
Because Adele was given to me and not to him. He said that we had grasped at the power her lands would give us and demanded Calis for ourselves. 
Rafe was acutely aware of Adeles presence leaning trustingly against him, listening as the vile insinuation escaped his mouth.
I see, answered Lord Brogan, observing the fact that his son would no longer meet his eyes. I do not understand why he should wish to have killed Adele, however. 
Rafe shook his head.
I cannot see that he ever meant to; I think that rather he wished to have her himself.
For a moment there was silence.
I think, my lords, that it is time that Eda and I retired. Adele made to pull away from him, but Rafe would not permit it. She looked up, eyes questioning.  
It would please me if you would stay. There is nothing that will be said in this room that you cannot hear, Adele, nothing that I wish hidden from you. 
Adeles soft gaze rested on him for a moment before she nodded, a slight smile lightening her face as she relaxed back into his embrace.
A hush descended in the tent. It stretched on for so long that Rand almost decided to leave, despite the fact that the tent was his quarters. Leofric developed a hazy idea of setting out to find his father, even though such an action could only end badly. Before either of them could put these plans into action, Lord Brogan spoke.
Is there something you wish to ask me, Rafe? 
Rafe turned from his contemplation of the floor, his wretchedness of spirit visible upon his face.  
Why did you betroth me to Adele, sir? 
Complete stillness greeted this question, and Lord Brogan weighed his every word carefully before he spoke it.  
I need you to believe that, first and foremost, it was for her safety, to give her a home where she would be properly looked after.
But that was not the whole reason? 
Lord Brogan sighed, shaking his head.  
No, Rafe; it was not the whole reason, he answered wearily. Kingdoms exist by a careful balance of power, for power corrupts and if one person possesses too much, chaos ensues. Even a king has limitations to his power; he must rely on his lords allegiance to him to keep his kingdom and his kingship safe. That means that he must keep his lords happy.  More than anything the role of king is of mediator, not of dictator. If his lords do not find his rule pleasing, then they will remove the kingship from him and give it to another. Lord Brogan paused. At that time there was much unrest against King Ine because he would not declare war on Mercia for their harbouring Lord Targhe. Lady Adele needed protection and, as she had no family left, the only way that she would remain safe was to betroth her in to another noble House. However, once she married, her husband would take control of her lands. 
Lord Brogan sat back in his chair, his eyes firmly fixed on his son.
Now if the family into which she married wished to pursue war with Mercia, with the power of two Houses behind them, they could rip the kingship from King Ine and establish a new king who would declare war on Mercia. Of the Houses that offered for Lady Adele, there were only three that were suitable. Drogand, who had made it plain that they wished to go to war.  Kyule, who said whatever seemed most favourable to the person he was talking to, or Valrek. We were the only ones whom King Ine could trust not to turn upon him. As an already powerful House, giving us Calis would seal enough power in his favour so that, should it come to civil war, he would be victorious. That is why your suit was accepted above all others, Rafe.
Why not marry her to Prince Aedelred? 
Because King Ine could not be sure that his son would resist the temptation of being king in his fathers stead. 
Why did you not tell me this before? 
Because it did not matter, responded Lord Brogan. These are the secondary considerations; the most important thing was always Lady Adeles safety.
Rafe nodded, but his face was still troubled. Lord Brogan reached out and placed his hand upon his sons shoulder.  
You should get some sleep, Rafe, he counselled. Things will seem much clearer in the morning. 
Rafe nodded but remained standing before his father, determination in his stance.
I wanted to tell you, sir, that you were right and I should have listened to your advice, confessed Rafe. Much trouble did come from my deceiving Adele, just as you said it would. 
Lord Brogan gifted his son with a warm smile.  
It takes a brave man to admit his mistakes. You are a son to take pride in Rafe and I am proud of you, more so in this moment than I can express.

------

Rafe did not immediately head for his quarters in Leofrics tent. He was very tired, but the events of the day were still too large in his mind for him to surrender to sleep.  Adele had voiced a wish to retire and he had immediately risen to escort her. Rand was following with Eda, but had shown enough understanding to take a different route to their shared destination.
Adele sighed and snuggled closer against his warmth. The air around them was cold and Rafe could feel her trembling.  
The day has been eventful, Finn.
Rafe nodded his agreement as he ran a hand lightly up her arm.
Too eventful.
It vexes you that Lord Kyule managed to evade capture, does it not? questioned Adele gently. Think you he will cause yet more trouble?
Such hate as he possesses will not fade. He will continue to cause what trouble he may. 
Adele shivered again.
Have no fear, sweetheart; I will kill the man who thinks to hurt you.
Adele shoved against him playfully.
I have no fear for myself, Finn, how many times must I tell you that? I know you will keep me safe. I worry only for you.
Rafe was so pleased by this assurance that their progress through the camp was halted for some considerable time.  
Adele, you were not upset by my fathers words tonight, were you? he asked gently.
Why should I have been?
Rafe shook his head.
I wondered if you would perhaps believe it was your lands that I covet, rather than you yourself. 
In the darkness she could not see the grin she heard in his voice.
Despite your constant assurances otherwise? 
I never said
No, you do not leave such important matters to mere words.
Rafe sighed regretfully.
Words rarely help me to express the things I feel, Adele.
She rested her head against his shoulder.
I had noticed, and I am glad of it.
You are?
Adele smiled at the surprise she could hear in his voice.  
The saying of such things is only easy if one has had much practise. It pleases me to know that you have not spoken such things often.
Ever, corrected Rafe.
He felt Adeles arms tighten, drawing them closer together.
Good.
There was a blissful quality to her voice, and Rafe felt rather proud of himself for being responsible for her good humour.  
Finn! What are you?
She never finished the question, but found herself lifted from the ground and silenced. After a moment though, Rafe pulled back.
I do not mind you calling me Finn sometimes, Adele. Indeed He smiled, pressing his lips to her forehead. I have noticed that you only do so when we are pleasantly engaged. However, do not dare call me by the wrong name when we take our vows. I do not need every one thinking that you would rather have had Finan.
Adele laughed light heartedly and leaned even closer to him, a feat he had not thought possible, to slide her arms around his neck.
I promise you; the day we wed no one will have any doubt as to my perfect satisfaction with my groom. 
Rafe grinned and touched his lips to hers.
Good.


The End
 




Epilogue


Dear Reader,
So many were the consequences of Calis; lives lost, or changed by an unforeseen chain of events. Family loyalties were redirected, their fortunes made more, or less, certain.
Promises had been made, some never to be kept.  You ask, Dear Reader, of the promise for which this book is named. Yet I fear the answer would depend upon whom you asked. Countless promises were made in the aftermath of Calis, promises of protection, of hate and retribution, and also of repayment.
Even after the battle had ended it inspired and brought about many new promises; of love, of friendship, and of a finish.
It is, therefore, for you to decide the promise of this particular tale.
And yet so many promises, so many stories, so many secrets are yet untold. Which, Dear Reader, would you have me regale you with next?

Lady Quill



The Vow  
The Lady Quill Chronicles
Book 2


Finan of Gournay had fought his entire life to protect the House of Valrek from her enemies. After the loss of Evoric, he had vowed never to lose another brother.
Esme of Valrek had loved Finan since childhood. All she wanted was for her friend to regain the happiness that his family missed so much.
When Valrek is betrayed by one of its own, Finan and Esme find themselves thrown together.
Can Finan come to realise that, despite the loss he has suffered, his life neednt be the prison he has made it?

Broken City
BROKEN CITY SERIES

Deeta Richards has never seen the outside world. Before she was born a banking crisis brought civilisation to an end, and now no one leaves the safety of the compounds unless they need to. Yet, Deeta still dreams of seeing more than the building she was born in. 
Tom is in the guard, this group are the only people that the tribal elders allow to leave the compound and Tom knows only too well that Deeta could never survive the harshness that exists outside. 
When tragedy strikes Deeta and her sister Jan find themselves captured by a hostile tribe. 
Why does Tom know so much about these people? And why do they know so much about him? 
As this mystery draws to a climax, they discover that their friend Tom is not quite what he seems...

Fracture
The chronicles of discord

In a world torn apart by war, three nations stand divided.

The Free Nation

Senator Burton and his son Ben arrive in the Tula Strongholds for peace talks, but find that a treaty between the two nations has a price. Confronted by a world of sedate tranquility the two men are appalled to learn that the Tula Council rules with and iron rod of fear and repression. The Council removes anyone who dares to stand in the way of their reforms, and Ben uncovers a secret that puts his life in danger.

The Tula

Astra has been pressured in to working for the very Council that threatens to kill her loved ones. No stranger to loss, the precariously balance world she has constructed begins to fracture when Ben starts asking questions about her past. As her deepest secrets are uncovered, Astra finds there are mysteries in her childhood that even she is unaware of.

The Una

Kai is Apprentice Headman to the Una people. Unaccountably called upon to sacrifice his honor in the name of peace, Kais hatred toward this injustice proves all consuming. If the time comes, will he be able to forgive the woman that betrayed him?

When these three worlds collide ugly truths come to light on every side. Is there any way to make peace, or will the world end in discord?

