
RIVERBREEZE
PART I
By Ellen E Johnson
Copyright  2012 by Ellen E Johnson
Smashwords Edition
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews. Please do not participate in or encourage the piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the authors rights. Purchase only authorized editions.
We hope you enjoyed Riverbreeze Part I. Please visit Smashwords.com for Part II and Part III.


Table of Contents
Prologue: June 1634, Brentwood Manor, Cornwall England
PART I
Interlude
Chapter One: Destiny Realized, October 1643,
Riverbreeze Plantation, Colony of Virginia
Chapter Two: The Twins Story, October 1643, Aileen Plantation, Colony of Virginia
Chapter Three: Welcome Home!
Chapter Four: The Bad and the Beautiful
Chapter Five: Getting to know you
Chapter Six: Titbits
Chapter Seven: Fateful Words
Chapter Eight: A Beloved Man is laid to rest
Chapter Nine: An Invitation is extended
Chapter Ten: One Kiss; Two Kiss
Chapter Eleven: In Sickness
Chapter Twelve: Determination and Dogwood Tea
Chapter Thirteen: Holy Matrimony; Together Forever
Chapter Fourteen: Frustrations


Prologue
June 1634 Brentwood Manor, Cornwall, England
The two sets of footsteps came closer and the small, frail boy tensed. He knew exactly what was to come; he went through this almost every day, but he wouldnt have it any other way. He wasnt like his older brother, Robbie; Robbie who tolerated their older brothers tyrannies because he already loved the land; Robbie, who was born with a green thumb and had planting in his blood. Oh, no, Jamie would rather be punished for his outright defiance than to work in the fields like a common serf.
He would much rather be here, in the stables, with the horses and the hay and the tack and the manure. He loved it all, the musty, pungent odors, all the horses with their different personalities and the closed-in secure feeling he got when he first stepped into the dark interiors. From the moment his father had set him on the beloved pony obtained just for him at the tender age of two and a half, he knew he was destined to become a great horseman. And he knew in his heart that his life would always revolve around horses.
The footsteps were almost upon him now and Jamie backed further into the corner of one of the stalls trying to make himself as small as possible. He stopped only when he felt the rough wood of the partition through the thin linen of his shirt. Perhaps just this once he could hide behind big Blackie here; perhaps he would be lucky today, but in truth he knew he would be found. How could he not when the groom always gave him away and when Blackie started to whinny and stamp his big hooves at the approaching voices and footfalls?
It shouldnt have been this way. He shouldnt have to hide from his older brother and Robbie shouldnt be slaving out in the fields with the other hands. They should have been studying for their futures, the futures their father had chosen for them; the futures that befitted second and third sons of the nobility. As much as Jamie wanted to be around horses, his father had insisted that he learn a trade first. Then, if luck were with him, he could purchase land and horses and do what he wanted.
But both his and Robbies mother and father were dead now. Their mother had died giving birth to Jamie and their father had died four years ago in a riding accident, leaving their oldest half-brother, Wesley, the first born son, the title of Earl of Pennington. At twenty-four years of age, Wesley Charles Bassett ruled over the estate like the lord he fancied himself to be.
Come out here, you little maggot! ordered the puffed-up older brother. Wesley threw open the stall door and with a sweep of his hand, commanded Thomas, the old groom, to enter and retrieve the boy from the stall. He could have done it himself and he certainly wasnt afraid of the big stallion, but he simply didnt want to get his expensive new boots dirty.
Come on, lad. The groom said, more kindly. You know you cannot hide from the master. Thomas pushed past the horses rump, shuffling slowly through the matted down hay, hating every second of the moment. The old man hated everything about their situation now, but was helpless to change anything. He was just a servant, a servant who had been with this family for years and years now, so long in fact that no one really knew exactly how long he had been on the estate. He was definitely a permanent fixture, a man who worked hard and was loyal to his lord and master whoever he may be, and therefore, respected in return even by the hateful new earl. He was fortunate that he would never be put out and with his son and grandson following in his footsteps, he knew that he would be taken care of until the day he died.
With a heavy heart he remembered the happier times when the old Earl had been alive and lord of Brentwood Manor. The boys had been robust, happy children then: well-fed, well-cared for and well-loved. Now the pitiful creature huddling in the corner of the stall looked nothing like that boy of four years ago and the grooms heart nearly broke in two. The lads big blue eyes looked haunted and huge in a face too thin and his once flaxen curls were now as matted and dirty as the straw beneath their feet. Instead of being dressed in velvets and satins like the son of an earl should be, he was dressed like the urchins who hung around the London docks in old ragged hand-me-downs that were at least two sizes too small. His arms and legs poked out of too-short sleeves and pant legs like matchsticks and his feet were bare and nearly black with filth.
Come on out, James. Thomas urged again, extending a hand that was wrinkled and gnarled with age. He looked at the lad with sympathetic eyes, feeling hopeless and helpless for the both of them, knowing they were both caught in this miserable existence with nowhere to go to escape it. And as the boy slowly emerged from the corner, Thomas wished with all his heart that it could be like the old days, when both Robbie and Jamie had come to the stables with their father, all three of them laughing and challenging each other to races and various contests. The love that they had shared had been so special, but now he was gone. Oh, how he wished for the old days.
Jamie trustingly placed his small hand into the old grooms gnarled one. Their eyes met and held for a moment; Thomas winked and offered a small smile and a nod. Jamies expression turned hard. He knew what his punishment would be and he would face it bravely like he always did. It was a part of his life now, a part that he would endure because he would never stop coming to these stables. Nothing but death would keep him away.
Must we do this again, runt? Wesley sneered at his youngest brother with disgust. And again, as he always felt when he looked upon his half-brother, a loathing so strong welled up in him that he nearly choked on it. He was the oldest, the favored; the one who had inherited; yet when these last two sons had been born to their fathers second wife, their father had favored them. It wasnt Wesleys fault that he had been born small and puny and had grown up lacking in physical strength. And it hadnt been his fault that his mother had coddled and pampered him, spoiling him rotten and turning him into a wally. It hadnt been his fault that he had never lived up to his fathers expectations of a strong, hearty first-born son so when Robert had come along when Wesley was twelve and then James two years later, they had taken all the attention that had once been bestowed upon him and the hate and resentment had begun and grown. Why will you not make life easier for both of us by following your brother into the fields where you belong? As least he knows his place.
Never! Jamie shouted back. He stood straight and proud facing Wesley squarely. He glared back at him with just as much hatred.
Then get down on your knees! Wesley ordered in a hard voice.
No! Jamie refused boldly.
Thomas gasped quietly. No one defied the earl.
Wesleys face went nearly purple with rage. You will do as I say! He roared, and he kicked Jamies shins so hard the weak, little boy fell heavily forward onto the uneven brick floor of the stables. And while he was still procumbent and trying desperately not to cry from the scrapes to his knees and hands, Wesley bent down and in one swift motion grabbed the back of Jamies shirt and ripped it away, exposing a skinny back that already bore the scars and festering wounds from previous whippings.
Oh God, please my lord.. Thomas pleaded with his master. He still has not healed from the last time. He started to move toward the lad but Wesley shoved him back.
Stay out of this, old man, or you will be next. Wesley warned, then without any more thought he raised the hand that already held the horse whip and brought it sharply down over the marred expanse of skin, causing a thin, long welt to appear. Blood welled and Jamies body jerked, his back arched as he tried to move away from the stinging blows. His fingers clawed the uneven bricks and dirt in between as he bore the pain, but he wouldnt try to get up and run away. Wesley could easily catch him and then the beating would be even worse. Jamies little body suffered through a dozen more attacks of the whip and when it was over, all that could be heard were his muffled sobs.
The old grooms face was creased with concern as he watched over the poor lad. He had never felt so helpless in his life. And then he looked over at the monster that could do such an awful thing and wondered, not for the first time, if he and his family should leave this place. Even though he had promised to serve Wesley as he had served his father, he didnt believe the old earl would blame him for leaving. But then the battered form of the young lad caught his attention once again and Thomas knew he could never leave James and Robert.
May I go to him now, my lord? Thomas asked quietly, keeping his eyes on the sobbing child. He feared that if he looked at Wesley any more that day he would probably do something he would regret for the rest of his life.
Take him up to the house. Ill be going there myself to give instructions to the housekeeper. And without another thought for either of them, the third Earl of Pennington turned on his heel and strode toward the impressive manor house that his grandfather had built approximately fifty years before.
It was only after the earl had left that Thomas moved to kneel beside Jamie. With a gentle hand, he stroked the back of the boys head and said, Jamie, lad, can you hear me? When the child nodded, the groom continued in his caring voice, Can you stand?
Jamie lifted a tear-streaked face slowly. Already his tortured body was starting to tremble uncontrollably with the shock of the attack and Thomas knew it wouldnt be long before fever would overtake him. Ill try. Jamie whispered bravely. On shaking limbs he struggled to push himself up but the effort and the renewed pain was too much for him to bear and he collapsed unconscious to the floor.
Thomas let out an ungentlemanly curse but in truth he realized it was probably for the best. Picking up the boy and carrying him to the house would be extremely painful for him. This way he wouldnt feel a thing.
Carrying Jamie the considerable distance to the stately Elizabethan style mansion from the stables was a labor of love for Thomas. Even though the child was small and light for his age due to four years of a meager diet, the old grooms back wasnt as strong as it used to be. Nothing seemed to be as it used to be except for the imposing structure that stood peacefully amid acres and acres of barley, oats and rye fields and sheep-dotted meadows. But even that was in the process of being changed. The new Earl had felt that the house wasnt large enough even though it already had six huge rooms downstairs and an equal amount of bedchambers upstairs and then the servants rooms on the third floor.
Thomas shook his head in disgust as he neared the kitchen entrance. All this splendor and wealth should not have gone to the oldest son. Thomas felt that he didnt deserve it. But these two sweet boys, Robert and James, who had inherited their fathers courageous and kind ways, they should have been the ones to inherit all that their grandfather had built, not the milksop who just happened to be born first.
As Thomas entered the kitchen he heard Wesley issuing the last of his instructions to the housekeeper. And no supper for the brat! He ordered harshly. Then in a more normal voice, Ill be in the library. And he left without even noticing that Thomas had arrived with Jamie.
But Robbie had, who gave a small gasp of distress. He had already pushed away his bowl of mutton stew and clenched his hands into angry fists as he had listened to his older brother relate what had happened in the stables. He had had to sit there at the rough oak trestle table used by all the servants with lips pressed tightly together and not say a word back as Wesley had once again put the blame on him. Although he never understood Wesleys reasoning, he accepted that it was his fault and day after day the guilt built up in him until he was almost ready to break.
But Robbie was strong, stronger that his brother, in body and in spirit, if that were at all possible for Jamie had a pretty strong will. Now as he looked upon his brothers small body hanging limply in Thomass arms, he knew he must remain strong and he also knew it was time to put his plan in motion, a plan he had been formulating for several months now.
Ill take him upstairs, Thomas. Robbie said, walking purposefully toward the tired groom. The kindly, plump housekeeper was already moving towards the cavernous fireplace to collect hot water in a pitcher and numerous linens so she could tend to the boys back.
Are you sure, Robbie? Are you sure you can manage? Thomas asked, although he had to admit hed welcome the help. His arms were tired and his lower back ached.
I can manage. Robbie stated firmly. And he could for he hadnt been denied food for the past four years. He had obeyed his older brother and worked in the fields and the kitchen gardens right along with the other tenant farmers and servants. He may have only been twelve years old, but he was a goodly-sized boy with a healthy, sound body.
All right, lad. Easy now. Thomas said, as he handed Jamie over to the loving arms of his brother. Jamie didnt even stir and once Robbie had adjusted to the extra weight, he slowly mounted the back staircase, the housekeeper following close behind.
From the moment Robbie had seen Jamie unconscious in the grooms arms, something had snapped inside of him. No more, he thought, never again will I let this happen. Never again will you go to the stables nor will you have to work in the fields either. Never again will you feel the sting of the whip on your back or suffer hunger pains from missed meals. Youll get your strength back, youll grow big and strong and both of us will get our dignity back. This I promise you, Jamie, this I promise you.
Robbie laid Jamie down in the lumpy bed they shared in one of the cold, drafty rooms up on the third floor. There was once a time when they each had a room of their own on the second floor, rooms with fireplaces filled with coal fires and fine heavy furniture and velvet draperies on the windows. There was once a time when they slept together only when they had wanted to, particularly when a storm was passing over or simply because they only wanted each others company. But not anymore. Those times were over and now the two of them shared a servants room, far away from the sumptuously decorated guest rooms and away from Wesley and his doxies. Now there were no carpets on the rough wooden floor, no velvet draperies on the small dormer windows, only one old rope bed with a lumpy rag-filled mattress and one old chest for their scanty wardrobe. Looking around him only made Robbie more determined to go through with his plan and succeed.
Jamie stirred and whimpered pitifully as Robbie and the housekeeper settled him on his stomach.
Jamie? Robbie whispered close to his ear. Tis Robbie. Mrs. Biddle and I are going to take care of you. Everythings going to be all right.
I hurt, Robbie, and Im so cold. Jamie cried in a small voice. And he started to tremble again.
Robbie took his brothers hand into his own. We cannot cover you up yet. He said softly. Mrs. Biddle has to tend to your back.
Jamie, love, came Mrs. Biddles kind voice. This is going to hurt, but youre a strong lad. I know you are. She cooed, bringing a cloth over to wash the wounds.
Robbie held Jamies hand during the entire ordeal of cleansing and bandaging, and Robbie was amazed at the amount of strength Jamie did indeed have. By the time Mrs. Biddle was finished, Robbies hand ached from being squeezed so hard he thought his bones might break.
Are you hungry, Jamie? The housekeeper asked after tidying up after herself and bundling Jamie up in the few quilts that were provided for the boys. The question was ridiculous because both Robbie and Mrs. Biddle knew he would be ravenous. Ill bring you some stew if you are.
Yes, mum. Thank you. whispered Jamie, his manners still intact.
But Wesley ordered no supper. Robbie reminded her, looking frightened.
Mrs. Biddle made a face. It was clear how she felt about the matter. He needs nourishment. And I do not care what the Earl has ordered. This time he has gone too far.
Thank you, Mrs. Biddle. We shall never forget you for this. Robbie said, clutching her hand in extreme gratitude. He knew what a risk she was taking by disobeying Wesleys orders.
Tis the least I can do. She said gruffly, slightly embarrassed at the boys show of emotion. She exited quickly then, taking the pitcher of dirty, bloody water with her.
Robbie immediately went back to his brother, studying his flushed face and glazed eyes. He touched his forehead and it was so hot now. Robbie knew that that meant Jamie had a fever and he prayed to God that it wouldnt get any worse. If it did, Wesley would send for the physician with his leeches, purges and clysters and Robbie didnt like all that medicine. He still remembered back to when he was five years old and afflicted with a sickness that he hadnt understood. The physician had been called in and instead of helping Robbie to feel better, the treatments had only made him feel worse. The cordials that he had been made to drink to empty his stomach had tasted absolutely awful and the letting of his blood had scared him nearly to death. He would not let them subject Jamie to that treatment no matter what.
But he also remembered the warm soothing drink sweetened with honey that Mrs. Biddle had brought to him after the doctor had left. It had settled his roiling stomach and had eased his headache, allowing him to fall into a restful, restorative sleep. But Wesley had forbidden Mrs. Biddle to administer these folk remedies to Jamie. In fact, he had forbidden her to do anything that provided any comfort at all, other than basic cleansing with soap and water.
Again Robbie felt Jamies forehead and looked into his eyes. Jamie looked back and his lips quivered into a brave little smile, but then it disappeared as he whispered, I hate him.
I know; I do too.
Why did Papa have to die? Jamie cried for the thousandth time, tears in his eyes.
Robbie took a deep breath and closed his eyes. I know not. He answered sadly for the thousandth time. He looked back at his brother then. But, Jamie, I have a plan for us, a good plan that will take us far, far away from here.
Jamies eyes widened and he looked a little frightened. What plan?
Wait. Robbie said quickly, and he moved to the corner of the room where he pried up one of the loose floorboards and retrieved a piece of yellowed paper. But just as Robbie was about to return to Jamies bedside, Mrs. Biddles footsteps could be heard coming up the last few stairs. So Robbie quickly stuffed the paper down his breeches and then resumed his place beside his brother, with a finger to his lips.
It seemed to take forever for Jamie to finish his mutton stew and bread, but only because Robbie was so excited about finally revealing his plan to his brother. As soon as Mrs. Biddle bid them goodnight and closed the door behind her, Robbie was pulling the paper from his breeches and smoothing the creases.
Right. He started enthusiastically. Look at this. He showed the paper to Jamie, but it did no good. Jamies education hadnt even started by the time their father had died. Jamie had not even been six years of age and had not even been formally breeched by that time. He had learned his letters and numbers from Robbie, but could hardly read the first line of the Bible. Robbies reading skills were only slightly better, but he had memorized what the paper had said from the man who had given it to him. A man came to the gardens six months ago and gave us all one of these handbills. He called himself William Clayton and he said he was an agent for a Mr. Tyler in Virginia. This Mr. Tyler is a planter and needs men to work his fields. Hell pay for our passage and then after weve worked for him for several years, well get our own land.
I do not want to work for this man. Jamie whined, bursting Robbies bubble. You know I hate to work in the fields.
Robbie looked hard at his brother. Do you want to stay here? Were nothing more than servants here, Jamie. Do you like being whipped every time youre caught in the stables and then sent to bed without any supper?
Sometimes I eat the horses carrots and apples and oats. Jamie admitted softly.
Robbie gaped at his brother in horror. You eat the horses oats? He gasped.
A defiant look came over Jamie. I would rather eat in the stables than with the likes of you! He declared.
There was moment of silence as the two of them glared at each other. Robbie was angered by that statement; they always argued about working in the fields. Robbie thought sometimes that Jamie was being unreasonable about refusing to follow Wesleys orders, but then again he understood him as well. It was Jamies way of surviving and just because Robbie didnt agree with him, it didnt mean he had any right to criticize.
Robbie let out a sigh. I want to go to Virginia, Jamie. He declared. This agent said there are great opportunities for hard working men there. There is enough land for anyone who wants it, land and good water and lots of wildlife. I want my own manor and my own land. I do not want to work here for Wesley for the rest of my life. Do you?
No, but Jamie still appeared frightened.
Then let us go to Virginia. Let us work for this Mr. Tyler until we can obtain our own land. We shall plant barley and rye, raise sheep like here and well grow the Virginia tobacco and well be rich! Robbies eyes glittered with enthusiasm and excitement.
Can we have horses too? Jamie asked hopefully.
Of course! As soon as we have enough money, you can buy the best horses to be had in England and well have them shipped to us.
Must we work in the fields? Jamie whined.
Well, I know not Robbie answered slowly. He didnt want to scare Jamie off again just when it seemed Jamie had started to become interested. Maybe Mr. Tyler has horses and you could help with them.
Id like that much better.
Good. The agent will be at the fair this next Saturday to sign people up. We shall go then with the rest of the servants, slip away and talk to him.
What if Wesley catches us?
Robbie shrugged his shoulders as if to say so what?. We shall run away to Bristol and wait there until the boat sails. I have some money, Jamie. Robbie lowered his voice to barely above a whisper. And I have some of Mamas jewels.
Jamies eyes widened. You do? How?
I stole them from Wesleys chamber. Do you remember when he accused his doxy, Rochelle, of stealing the jewelry? When Robbie saw Jamie nod, he continued, Well, that was me. I stole them. Theyre ours too. And you know he would never give them to us like Papa wanted him to.
I know. Jamie whispered, in awe of his brother at the moment. What courage that would have taken to slip into Wesleys bedchamber unnoticed and take the jewels without being discovered. Oh, Robbie, do you really believe this is the right thing to do? Do you really believe we should go to Virginia?
Virginia is our destiny, Jamie. And I think Mama and Papa would have approved. I know Papa wanted me to be a physician and you an apothecary but only because we werent to inherit, but now we can build an estate of our own, without Wesley ever hurting us again. Well be free, Jamie, well be free.


PART I
Interlude
He was furious! He was boiling mad! They had disappeared and he couldnt find them anywhere.
He was stormed into the manor house, yelling at the top of his lungs. Flushed with anger, he strode determinedly to each room, flinging open each door, shouting and looking for them. They were nowhere to be found.
He tore through their attic room, tossing bedclothes and pillows over his shoulder. He stomped through the musty unfinished room, kicking the rickety old bed frame and the one stool that landed with a crack. His breathing sounded harsh in the stark silence.
Then he saw it. He stopped short. The floorboard in the corner was out of place, lifted away and left behind. He peered into the black hole, stuck his hand in there and felt all around. Empty. Empty! He roared his outrage when he realized what those little bastards had done.
Mrs. Biddle suddenly appeared behind him; he nearly ran into her as he turned around. She was carrying a tray with a glass of port wine.
Your evening port, sir. She said formally.
His face twisted in rage. Where are they? Where are they? He roared.
I do not know, my lord. She said calmly.
He grabbed the glass and downed the wine in one gulp, staring at her with his ice cold blue eyes. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
You know damn well where they are! He yelled, throwing the glass against the wall.
Mrs. Biddle jumped at the crash, but her expression never changed.
Tell me! Damn you! Tell me! He ordered, his fists clenched tight at his side.
Mrs. Biddle remained unmoved. I will be leaving your service today, Master Bassett. I will be going to live with my brothers daughter and her family.
You old witch! Youre leaving because theyre gone! Go! Get out of my way! And he shoved her aside as he walked past her. He didnt even stop when he heard her fall to the floor with a small cry.
He hastened down the stairs and strode to his chamber. Seeing that hole in the floor reminded him of all the times he had discovered pieces of jewelry missing and how he had blamed his paramours. He immediately went to the dresser with the secret drawer. Nobody knew about this drawer or how to open it. Only him. Or so he thought.
He opened it, fully expecting to see it, the one piece he worshipped, the one piece he gloated over. It was gone! He felt like he had been shot! The drawer was empty! He yanked it out of the chest and threw it across the room. He let out a roar that echoed throughout the house.
Then he caught sight of Mrs. Biddle passing by the door. He ran to the open doorway and stopped. Chest heaving, face flushed, he pointed his finger at her. Ill find them one day. He growled. Mark my words; Ill find them.


Chapter One: Destiny Realized
October 30, 1643 Riverbreeze Plantation, Charles City Shire, Colony of Virginia

Robbies plan was a success. He and Jamie were able to escape from their brutish brother that warm July day in 1634 and then sail to a new, unknown land and a new, unknown life.
Call it bravery, call it desperation, but Robbie had been right. Virginia was their destiny. How had he known? How had he even had the confidence to believe that Mr. Tylers agent would buy them? They had only been children, and two sickly ones at that; not the healthy grown men Mr. Tyler had needed to work on his plantation. They had surely been the two most pitiful creatures to ever beg to sell themselves.
But it had not been confidence that Robbie had possessed that day. It had been desperation born of a hopeless situation, and a childish dream that once they were away from Wesley, nothing bad could befall them ever again. And sheer will that had kept him on his feet, quietly pleading for the chance for both of them to prove themselves.
Always the obedient one, Robbie never believed that he would suffer at Wesleys hands. As much as he didnt like it, he believed that Jamie would be the only one to feel the sting of the whip, to feel the humiliation of being beaten and the pain that came with that. But he was wrong. Robbie had gotten it bad the next day, the day after Jamies brutal whipping, but despite being grievously sick, the morning of the fair he dragged himself out of bed, forced Jamie up too, packed their few belongings and hitched a ride with the neighbors. He swore he wouldnt stay at Brentwood Manor another minute.
When Mr. Tylers agent had first seen them, it had truly been a wonder that he hadnt laughed in their faces and shooed them away like the pesky children that they were. But William Clayton was not a stupid man. He knew his business well, and he knew the requirements and desires of his employer. It was his job and responsibility to search out the best possible men and women to work on his employers plantation. He had specific instructions to avoid signing on the poor and destitute of the local towns, and most important of all to never bring a criminal to Mr. Tylers plantation. So he would scout around the large estates, mostly in the area of Devon and Cornwall because they sailed out of Bristol, seeking healthy (or as healthy as they could be) but disgruntled tenant farmers and servants, young men and women who were accustomed to hard but honest work.
It was during one of these scouting trips in the early summer of 1634 that he had seen Robbie at work and was impressed by the strength and stamina of the young lad. William Clayton had seen the potential of the boy and a boy of his age would be indented to his master until the age of twenty-one, giving Francis Tyler nine years of service, rather than the standard term of five or seven years. And Clayton also knew that Tyler was a man without sons and this saddened the man considerably. Clayton had a strong feeling this boy could be a substitute. So when Robbie approached him at the fair, even though he looked oddly ill and distressed that day, wearing ragged breeches and threadbare shirt and accompanied by a younger brother who was equally as ill and distressed and similarly clothed, Clayton decided to take the risk, knowing that if he displeased his employer, he would be the one who would suffer the consequences. The boys, he knew, would be spared any harshness for Mr. Tyler was a kind and fair masterand a gentleman.
What are your names, lads? Clayton asked.
The brothers found the agent right outside the entrance to the fair where Clayton had parked his horse and cart. It was very early in the morning; they were first in line. Robert ov vy; ottomma ow broder, James. Robbie answered in his native Cornish language for both him and his brother. He tried to speak in a manly voice, but much to his embarrassment, it cracked. He wanted to make such an impression on this man that despite his fear he looked up into Claytons rugged face and didnt shy away from the agents assessing stare.
Ov vy? Ottomma ow Broder? Clayton repeated, at first confused. But then he understood. Oh, you are Robert and this is your brother. Can you speak English, Robert? Clayton asked in a kindly voice.
A little. He answered truthfully, bowing his head, although now he was afraid that his lack of English would disqualify him. He held tight to Jamies hand, his heart pounding. Jamie remained silent as Robbie had instructed him to do.
You should learn to speak English, son. Clayton said. The king requires it.
Robbies head snapped up when he heard Clayton say son. He nodded eagerly, but didnt say anything. His heart soared with hope.
Where are your parents? Your mamm and your tas?
Robbie bowed his head again. Dead, sir. He answered quietly.
Aah. Clayton said, stroking his beard as he considered the lads answer. Well, Ive seen you working at Brentwood Manor. Do you have any other relations? An older brother, perhaps, or an uncle or cousin?
Robbie shook his head vigorously while squeezing his brothers hand tight. He must never let it be known that they were the legal charges of their older brother, the third Earl of Pennington.
Come here, lad. Clayton said.
Robbie took two steps forward, pulling his brother along. He didnt know what the agent wanted, but he was too afraid to refuse for fear of displeasing him.
Clayton seized Robbies arm, the one holding his sack of belongings, and Robbie panicked. He let out a little noise and pulled back, clutching the sack to his body.
Clayton let out a laugh. What have you got there thats so important?
Nothing. He mumbled in English. He knew that much. Clothes. He added, hoping Clayton would believe him.
Youre quite strong! How old are you?
Deudhek.
English, Robert. English. Clayton chided him.
Twelve.
Clayton raised his eyebrows at that. And your brother?
Dek.
Robert. Clayton chided him again.
Ten.
Clayton let out a sigh. He tried again. Come here, lad. I wont touch your clothes.
Robbie shuffled forward, believing the man. And he desperately wanted to please him.
Clayton carefully wrapped his hand around Robbies bicep, feeling the size of his muscles. Then he took the lads jaw in his hand and lifted his face to inspect it, possibly for pock marks. Robbie stared right back at him, not shying away from the inspection, knowing he didnt have any scars; he had been mostly healthy all his life. Then Clayton took his thumb and pushed up Robbies upper lip to look at his teeth. Robbie opened his mouth to show him all his teeth. He had nothing to hide.
Clayton mmmed and hmmed, then turned his attention to Jamie. Your brother, broder, looks weak. Im not sure I can take both of you
Mar Plek! Mar Plek! Robbie begged, panicking again. If the man didnt take Jamie, he didnt know what he would do. He couldnt abandon his little brother
Clayton held up his forefinger.
Thats all it took. Please. Please. Robbie pronounced the word very carefully.
Ah Clayton smiled, satisfied. With a resolute nod of his head, Clayton threw caution to the wind and decided to sign the two lads on. The brothers appeared to be orphans, grubby, sad-eyed, hollow; and he had seen Robert working right beside the other tenant farmers. If they were members of the grand Bassett family, surely they wouldnt have begged to be taken to Virginia.
Clayton brought out two contracts of indenture and helped the brothers scratch their first names only on the paper. And then because Robert could only read a little and Jamie not at all, they were told that in exchange for their passage to Virginia they would be indented to Mr. Tyler until they reached the age of twenty-one, that they would have to truthfully and faithfully serve their master, his heirs and his assignees, that they would have to keep their masters secrets, to obediently observe his commands, not to commit fornication or enter into marriage with any woman, not to hurt their master nor play cards or dice or any other unlawful games, or waste the goods of the master or lend them to anybody without the masters consent, and to not be absent from the masters service day and night, and for this service they would be provided with sufficient meat, drink and apparel, washing and lodging. And at the end of the term, they would be given a piece of land, some tools, a supply of corn and a new set of clothing. The brothers didnt understand any of it; they only knew they had succeeded in escaping from their older brother and they exulted in their triumph.
As a result of their recent whippings, Robert and Jamie had been in an appallingly sickly state and Clayton knew he could not present his employer with two weakened boys. They had to be healthy and strong enough to begin work immediately upon arriving in Virginia. Clayton made the quick decision to leave the fair early that day without signing on any other servants and took the boys to the port-city of Bristol where he saw to their comfort, bought them new clothing and ample victuals for the three of them for the sea voyage. In general he took care of the brothers from the moment they signed their contracts, protecting them and nurturing the investments he made on his employers behalf.
Both boys knew how lucky they had been. Mr. Tyler could have been as bad as their older brother, Wesley. They could have traded one bad situation for another. They still had to work, that was for sure, but it wasnt the hard labor that other indentured servants had to endure. And miracle of miracles, Mr. Tyler owned horses! Two beautiful bays from England and their colt. Jamie was in heaven! How had Robert known?
The years passed in peace and contentment. The brothers grew to love their adoptive father and he them. They never forgot their own loving father and Tyler could never replace him, but this man who had taken in two wretched, downtrodden boys and had raised them to be two fine young gentlemen, the gentlemen they were meant to be, was a close second.
They became a family, the five of them, Mr. Francis Tyler, his two daughters, Maureen and Kathleen, (Mrs. Tyler had unfortunately died from an ague seven years ago) and Robert and Jamie. The brothers thanked God every day for their good fortune.
After only six years in the colony, Robert, at the age of eighteen, was given his freedom and his plantation; of course marrying the masters daughter helped a great deal in that aspect. It was not general knowledge that in Virginia upon completing ones term, that one may or may not receive land as part of the freedom dues even though servants bound for Virginia were promised land according to the custom of the country, or fifty acres according to custom, but in reality, it all depended on the generosity of the master and most indented servants received nothing but ten bushels of corn, thirty shillings and one musket worth twenty shillings and maybe a new set of clothing. Only persons who could pay for their passage were promised fifty acres of land and received it. So when Robert was gifted five hundred acres of land by Mr. Tyler when he married Tylers younger daughter, Kathleen, he was truly humbled.
Jamie was given his freedom a year later, at the age of seventeen, when Roberts wife died after childbirth. It was only a legal issue to release Robert and Jamie from their contracts of indenture. Mr. Tyler never considered them to be servants; he never treated them as such. He also knew how close the two brothers were and knew that Robert would need Jamies love and support after the death of his wife.
The plantation was still small but prospering and Robert was extremely proud of the progress he had made. It was located approximately twenty-four miles north of Jamestown by way of the James River. It was situated on the north side of the river, bordered on one side by Queens creek and on the other side by Herring creek. Gunns Run creek ran down the middle, flowing perpendicular from the mighty James to the back of the property. The property was mostly woods, about ten acres of cleared land and two swampy areas, one at the mouth of Queens creek, the other along the shore of the James River at Herring creek. It was a beautiful spot, at the crest of a large loop of the deep river, a prime location to establish a prosperous tobacco plantation.
So far, it was a typical farm with a modest one and a half story brick house, several rustic outbuildings, a large kitchen and herb garden, a newly planted orchard of apple, cherry and peach trees and two dozen mulberry trees for the beginning of a silk producing operation, six acres of tobacco fields, one acre of corn and wheat, goats and chickens in the yard, pigs in the woods and a newly constructed stable with two magnificent horses.
They had truly been blessed, although since the death of his wife, Robert didnt see it that way. The last two years had been extremely difficult for the brothers, working side by side, sunup to sundown. Robert had worked himself nearly to exhaustion every day to keep thoughts of his dead wife at bay. He had given up interacting with all of English society, and angry at God for allowing his wife to die, he had turned his back on the church. He had even wished he could have stayed away from weekly church services, but that was against the law and paying the fines each week of fifty pounds of tobacco would have taken everything he had planted. His family didnt know how much longer he could go on like that, but they were helpless to change the situation. Robert was grateful for their concern, but he wished they would just leave him alone.
Alas, it wasnt to be, though.
* * *
Today, the brothers were going to a party, hosted by their adoptive father, Francis Tyler, in honor of Tylers identical twin nieces who had just arrived in the colony three days ago. They thought that the twins probably wouldnt be in the mood to be introduced to society so soon after their arrival, but it couldnt be helped. The invitations had been delivered over a month ago, given out at the last council meeting or after church services, the date of the party chosen carefully to fall at the end of the tobacco season and in anticipation of the girls ship arriving on time.
It may have been a foolhardy thing to do knowing how uncertain and unpredictable the crossing of the Atlantic could be. Anything could happen while out on the open seas, but Tyler had had complete confidence in Captain Neil Fletcher and the ship he commanded. Unfortunately the ship had encountered trouble on the open seas and it had been nobodys fault that the ship had arrived two weeks late.
But Jamie wasnt worried about the girls moods; he was just thrilled to be going to a party. He knew Robert didnt want to attend, but he didnt care. He wanted to go and he was determined to enjoy himself despite Roberts sour mood.
After dressing carefully in the new doublet and breeches he had just purchased from a prosperous London tailor, he bounded down the stairs and hurried into the kitchen. Robert was already sitting at the board table with his two-year-old son, Robin, who was sitting in a high chair which Jamie had constructed. Mrs. Abigail Chilcott, Robins wet nurse and their housekeeper, was at the large fireplace frying corn cakes on a three-legged spider skillet.
Good morning, all. Jamie said cheerily as he slid onto the bench opposite Robert. A place had already been set for him at the table with spoon, knife, napkin and a tankard of hard cider. Mmm, that smells good. He added, grabbing the tankard and taking a long drink.
Morning, Jamie. Sleep well? Robert asked, spooning coddled eggs into his sons mouth.
Like a log. Whats for breakfast? He asked, his focus on Robin. He smiled broadly at the boy, then made a goofy face to make him laugh.
Robin did laugh, displaying an open mouth full of yellowy and white slime. Eggs! He announced happily.
Lovely. Jamie muttered, making a face at Robert, but Robert was already scolding Robin and scrubbing his mouth with a linen cloth.
Here you are, Jamie. Abigail said, placing a pewter plate full of eggs, ham, and corn cakes in front of him. Youre looking very handsome this morning. She teased him.
He smiled shyly and smoothed down the front of his doublet. Thank you, Abby. He was pleased she had noticed. He had hopes of catching the attention of a pretty female at the party and now he felt confident he would.
Youre welcome. And she returned to the fireplace to fill a plate for herself.
Hoping to impress anyone special? Robert teased him also.
No, but I am looking forward to meeting our cousins. He said, then he bowed his head and quickly said, Thank you, Lord, for this fine food. Allow it to give me the strength to persevere in all that You expect of me. Amen.
A-men! Robin copied his uncle, clapping his small hands together.
Jamie smiled at him. Good boy, Robin. Robert made some kind of growling noise in his throat, but Jamie ignored him. He scooped up a large spoonful of eggs. So, what do you think the twins will be like?
Snooty and boring, I expect. Robert said, breaking up a corn cake for Robin. He then poured a little honey from a small pitcher onto another cake for himself before biting into it. Everyone from London is boring. He ended, licking his fingers.
Jamie frowned at Robert. Oh come on, Rob.
You asked.
Well, I disagree. I expect theyll be sophisticated but sweet. And if theyre anything like Maureen and Kathleen, theyll be as gentle as lambs.
Robert said nothing, just glared at Jamie. It was obvious he did not like that statement.
What are their names again? Abigail asked, returning to the table with her plate along with a bowl of stewed apples. She placed the stewed apples in the middle of the table, then sat down beside Jamie.
Jamie scooted over a bit. Elizabeth and Evelyn Tyler. He answered around a mouthful of ham and eggs.
Im sorry Im going to miss meeting them. Abigail said, wiping her hands on her apron.
Then why wont you come with us? Jamie asked. You are invited.
Because shes smart. Robert retorted.
Oh Rob, be quiet.
You know Id rather not attend social gatherings, especially now that Im still grieving for my friend. Abigail said quietly, her eyes downcast.
I know and again, Im sorry, Abby. Jamie said, then addressed his brother. At least youre dressed and ready to go.
Robert shrugged his shoulders while finishing off his corn cake. Then he took a swig of cider. It would be rude of me to not go. Besides, I admit I am looking forward to seeing father and Maureen again. He said grudgingly.
Hallelujah! Jamie exclaimed. The crab has finally come out of his shell!
* * *
Jamie finished his breakfast in record time. It was already well past daybreak and normally he would have been down at the stables feeding and watering his horses long before now.
As he strode along the crushed oyster-shell path, he whistled a merry tune. At nineteen years of age and not quite six feet tall, he was no longer that small, frail boy of nine years ago. Despite succumbing to the intermittent fever his first summer in Virginia and having had several relapses throughout the years, good and plentiful food, fresh air and hard work had nourished his body, so much so, that it had been a challenge to keep him decently clothed. Francis Tyler had often joked that it took all his profits to keep the two growing boys in proper-fitting clothes and he couldnt wait for the day when they would experience the same frustration of trying to clothe and feed their own growing sons. Jamie still hadnt filled out as much as his brother had, in fact he was so lean one might think he was still starving, but he was strong and healthy, as long as the intermittent fever lay dormant.
The stables were approximately one hundred feet behind and slightly left of the main house, just recently completed. Jamie was quite proud of himself; he had built these stables with the help of his brother, their good friend, Roger Wentworth, and Phillip Archer, their brother-in-law. And it didnt matter to him that the building was a far cry from the stables of his fathers or that it had been constructed using second-hand clapboards from the original house on the property that had been torn down. To be honest it resembled a cow barn more than a proper stables; there was just enough room for the two horses that had arrived from England only a fortnight ago and maybe a few goats and pigs, although, at this time most of the goats and all of the pigs were left foraging in the woods. But Jamie knew this was only the beginning and no one or no thing, such as a lingering disease, was going to stop him from having the best horse farm in Virginia.
It had rained overnight and up until a few minutes ago. The sky was still gray with thick, stormy clouds, but the air was clear and crisp and suffused with the scent of earth and pines, and there was a chilly breeze that soughed through the trees. It prompted him to breathe deeply of the fresh air, expanding his lungs, feeling wonderfully alive and content. This was his favorite time of year when the mornings were quite cool and the afternoons temperate. It was so much nicer than the oppressive heat of summer. He would never forget their first summer here; it had been so hot and he had suffered miserably, not only from the infernal heat but also from that damned intermittent fever.
But he wouldnt worry about that now. It was refreshingly cool and he was feeling perfectly fine. He could hear numerous birds busy in the dripping trees, red birds, chickadees, finches and mocking birds. He whistled back to them and then chuckled when two chickadees flew closer and chattered at him. He heard scores of crows further away and then soaring high overhead he watched, spellbound, a magnificent fish hawk, a bird as large as an eagle, fly towards the river and circle around until it swooped down to catch a fish in its large claws.
And then the sun came out from behind a break in the clouds and lit the whole place like a gift from God.
He stood facing the sunshine for a minute with closed eyes, feeling the warmth of the sun on his face, thanking God for that gift. It wouldnt have been pleasant at all to have to travel in the rain, either by boat or riding the horses. Everything would get sopping wet, from the hats on their heads to the tips of their boots. Theyd have to try to keep their pistols and powder dry under their heavy wool cloaks and hope to God they didnt come across any wild beast or savage and discover that the powder had gotten damp, rendering the pistols useless, except maybe as clubs. And he didnt think the horses would have appreciated it either, slogging through all that mud and marsh, rain driving into their eyes and soaking their coats. It would have been just plain miserable for everyone around.
As it was, the day would be fresh and clear, a fine day for a journey, their first journey on the horses. He couldnt wait to get on his way. He, Robert and Robin were all going to the party together, actually leaving the plantation, something the three of them hadnt done together for over a month. Jamie had gone to church each week with Mrs. Chilcott, allowing himself one day off a week, but the rest of the week he and Rob had been too busy taking down the dried tobacco plants from the rafters in the shed, stripping the leaves from the stalks and pressing them into hogsheads for shipment and just generally trying to get through each day without dropping dead from exhaustion. These last four weeks Robert had gladly paid the fines while he stayed home, working harder than ever before to keep his plantation running as smoothly as possible.
Jamie was ever so glad the tobacco season was over. Raising tobacco wasnt his favorite thing to do, to put it lightly, but it was the one and only way to make a good enough profit to fund his true passion.
Everyone knew the Dutch paid well for Virginia-grown tobacco, better than England, offering sixteen to eighteen pence a pound compared to two pence, and even though there was a statute on the books directly from King Charles stating not to trade with any foreign ship, Jamie and Robert ignored it much to the dismay of their adoptive father who, along with his business and political allies, believed in trading exclusively with London merchants in England. But even the Governor favored open trade with Holland, realizing the benefits for the citizens of his colony. As a young man in his early twenties Sir William Berkeley had traveled to Holland and seen how Dutch merchants were expanding their trade routes to faraway lands, making them substantial profits. He wanted those same profits for his citizens and to increase Virginias commerce.
Robert and Jamie, with minds of their own and a keen business sense and out from under Tylers strict hand, for the past two years had aligned themselves with some very prominent Councilors who had been trading with Holland for years. For the past two years Roberts and Jamies profits had been sufficient enough to allow them to buy the horses and a few other luxuries, and as long as they had the support of the Governor and as long as the English government was more occupied with the problems of the civil war than to monitor what was going on in a faraway colony, the brothers would continue to trade with the Dutch and reap the benefits.
Jamie stopped for a moment to wave at their new indentured servant who had just emerged from the original wattle and daub cottage which had stood on this property for the last fifteen years. John Connelly was a sixteen-year-old lad from the town of Itchington in the county of Devon, the son of a poor farmer, looking for adventure. He had arrived a fortnight ago, on the same ship with the horses, also chosen by their agent, William Clayton. (Despite the fact that Robert and Jamie traded with the Dutch, they kept their associations with some English merchants through Tyler and Clayton.)
This morning Connelly was wearing an old, course buckram nightshirt that reached down to his skinny knees and nothing else, and he looked sleepy and disheveled with his long stringy brown hair falling over his eyes. Normally he would have been up hours ago, ready to work alongside either Jamie or Robert, but last night Robert had told him he could sleep late this morning and to come to the house for breakfast whenever he woke up. Connelly wouldnt be going with them to the gathering, and Jamie didnt know if that was a good idea or not.
Connelly waved back, a lazy lifting of his hand, then he turned his back on Jamie in order to take a piss right outside the door. Jamie didnt like that; it was all right to do that sort of thing out in the woods or out in the field when they were far from the house and yard, but they had a privy for that, or at least he couldve gone around to the back of the hut.
Oy! Jamie shouted, but Connelly ignored him, taking his sweet time. When he was finished, he merely let his shirt drop down and turned to Jamie, shrugging his bony shoulders insolently and calling back, Sorry! But Jamie knew the boy didnt mean it.
Nevertheless Jamie let it go; so far the boy had been pretty good and thankfully not too sickly. This was due to the fact that the trading ships captains and other officials had finally learned that the best time to arrive in Virginia was in the fall and not during the sweltering heat of the summer when disease ran rampant.
Presently Jamie watched the boy disappear back inside the cottage presumably to dress, reminding himself to speak to Robert about the little incident later.
When he arrived at the stables, the servant was quickly forgotten as he opened the large, crosshatched double doors eager to greet his new acquisitions. The familiar smells he loved so well wafted over him and he breathed in deeply of the pungent scents of horses, hay and manure. The horses nickered and pranced excitedly in their stalls causing him to smile. He knew how restive and impatient they were for their morning visit from him.
They were just as eager for his company as he was of theirs. It took a few minutes for his eyes to adjust and then it was time to get down to business of readying the horses for their first real ride since arriving only two short weeks ago.
As he approached the two animals, they nickered again in anticipation of their morning carrot. Jamies blue eyes went soft and he clicked his tongue at them. Howre my precious babies this fine morning? He asked.
The babies were beautiful Andalusian cross-breeds, both of them a rare bay color, a male and a female, chosen specifically for their breeding abilities. The male was only two years old and not at his full height yet, but would reach perhaps fifteen hands full grown. The female was also two years old, smaller, only fourteen hands high, and Jamie already knew he would have to wait at least another year before breeding her. They were extremely fine horses, strongly built and elegant and Jamie had felt some satisfaction that he had arranged their purchase through their agent from their fathers estate without ever letting it be known to that bastard brother, Wesley. As much as Jamie loathed the thought of paying his hard-earned money to the man; he knew the reputation of the horse farm and had wanted stock from that line of Spanish Andalusians.
He brought each of them a large carrot from the kitchen garden and chuckled affectionately as they devoured the crunchy vegetable. He rubbed their velvet noses, crunching a fresh carrot of his own, thinking of the times when he had eaten the withered and dried up leftover carrots just to put something in his belly. But now he actually ate them because he liked them, the sweet, crunchy ones fresh from Roberts kitchen garden, not because he had nothing else to eat.
What he was really looking forward to was the day when he could offer them fresh apples as treats. Right now his brother bartered for barrels of apples from another planter named George Menefie, and being as precious as they were, Robert had clearly made his wishes known that the apples were for human consumption only. Jamie had thought he could gather the bruised apples that had fallen to the ground for the horses on Menefies land, but even those were used to make cider and juice. But Robert had just planted a dozen saplings this past week in the newly established orchard along with peach and cherry trees obtained from cuttings from Menefie, and in a few years he didnt think Robert would mind if he snatched a few for the horses.
Jamie was surprised that Menefie had even agreed to trade with Robert this year. But then again maybe he wasnt so surprised. Not so long ago Menefie had been like an uncle to the brothers, almost as close as any family could be. Throughout their teenage years Francis Tyler had often taken them to Littleton, Menefies plantation on the lower James River; but now that the brothers had found their independence and openly disagreed with Menefies commercial views, their relationship had become slightly strained.
Jamie and Robert both continued to respect Menefie and admired him for what he had accomplished in the colony. They knew through Francis and from personal stories from Menefie himself that Menefie had originally been a lawyer in England before he had come to Virginia in 1623 and that he had wasted no time in establishing his plantation, growing tobacco and planting large orchards of apple, cherry, pear and peach trees. He had become politically involved, serving a single term as a Burgess before being chosen as a Councilor. He had brought numerous laborers to the colony, adding to his original land grant with each passenger. He was one of the wealthiest planters in Virginia so there was really no need for him to barter with two cocksure youths. So perhaps it was out of feelings of friendship or of honoring his association with Tyler, but whatever the reason, Jamie was grateful for the continuing association and grateful to Robert for his singular love of husbandry.
The horses were doing fine this morning. They seemed to be in good spirits, nudging Jamie repeatedly as he checked them over, running his practiced hands over head, neck, shoulders, withers, back, legs, and backside. He had known beforehand the toll the long ocean voyage could take on a horses health and strength. He had heard of some horses even dying from the ordeal, but he had had to take the risk. He had been lucky that their agent, the same William Clayton who had brought them to Virginia, had consented to procure the horses and accompany them back to the colony. When they had arrived they had been extremely weak from being confined in slings to protect their legs but proper feed and much-needed exercise soon restored their strength. Jamie had walked them every morning and evening since they arrived, and he was thrilled to see how much they had improved, so much so that he believed they were strong enough for a lengthy ride.
There was a fenced area about thirty feet in diameter to one side of the barn with a trough to one side of the gate. Jamie noticed the rain had filled it to overflowing and there was a large mud puddle around it. He had wanted to place the horses in the paddock while he cleaned out their stalls, but he wasnt sure if he wanted them standing in that puddle. He needed to examine the horses hooves in the light of the day. He had done it the night before, but since the horses were unshod, it was very important to maintain their hooves on a regular basis.
Finally he just led the horses out of the barn one at a time by their rope harnesses, tied the lead rope to the outside of the fence and brought them each a bucket of water filled from the trough. Then he went back in to rake out the soiled hay and replace it with fresh. He also checked their feed bins and hay racks and noted that the horses had been eating regularly.
Still inside the barn he heard footsteps on the path and he actually stiffened, the old reflex returning unbidden. It had taken him quite a few years to get over that fear of his older brother tracking him down even though he knew he was far, far away from that place. But even now, every once in a while when he least expected it, that moment of terror could return. He knew it could only be Robert, after all, who else would be coming around? He cursed himself for being such a fool. Stupid idiot. he muttered under his breath.
* * *
On his way to the stables, Robert kicked a branch out of his path and nearly lost his balance. Damn leg. he cursed. Last night he had twisted his ankle stepping into a rabbit hole; however at the time it hadnt pained him all that much. This morning though, much to his dismay, his ankle was swollen to nearly twice its normal size.
He didnt normally limp now that it had been nearly two and a half years since his accident, but the slightest of mishaps or just mere tiredness could cause his leg to ache as if the accident had only happened yesterday. Of course stepping into a rabbit hole didnt help his condition at all.
Jamie came running out of the stables. Rob, are you all right? Your leg didnt hurt like this last night or this morning, did it? He asked, moving quickly to Roberts side. Here, lean on me.
Robert took advantage, put his arm over Jamies shoulder and leaned heavily on him. Even though he was a couple of inches taller than Jamie and a little over two stone heavier, he knew Jamie could easily support him. It must have stiffened up over night, the rain and all. It hurt more than usual when I got up, but I didnt feel it was bad enough for me to mention it. Ill be all right. More importantly, how are the horses this morning? He asked, seeing the horses at the fence. With a teasing grin, he continued, All ready for their big introduction to the great wilderness of Virginia?
Theyre ready. Jamie answered with a proud grin. As you know, they handled beautifully yesterday when I rode them around the outer edges of the property. Pisador is still a little excitable and can be a mite mean when hes in a mood, but hes plenty strong enough and Penny is too.
By this time they had walked the last few yards to the stables and Robert sat down heavily on a bench to one side of the doors, stretching his aching leg out in front of him. He bent forward to rub his calf through the leather of his new boots and Jamie watched him with a frown on his face.
What? Robert demanded.
Are you sure youre going to be able to ride? Maybe we should take the shallop.
No, Ill manage. Robert straightened and waved away Jamies suggestion. He knew how much Jamie wanted to ride the horses to their adoptive fathers plantation so he could show off his new acquisitions. In fact, I came down here to see if you might need help with anything. I know not what I could do He said, hesitating, seeing Jamie raise his eyebrows at him. Maybe get in the way?
Jamie laughed. Youre already too late to even get in the way. All I have to do is harness and saddle them and then we can go. You just rest there; it wont take me long; and then well ride up to the house to pick up Robin.
Robert did just that, rested and watched his little brother ready the horses. First Jamie disappeared into the stable; then he returned with a bridle and reins for Pisador. He then fit the animal with the double bridle with both snaffle bit and curb bit and a double set of reins. Robert had to smile; Jamie was in his element, taking care of those animals. What a happy day it had been when the boat had arrived directly at their wharf and Jamie had been able to run on board to greet them and supervise their disembarking.
The horses had been wobbly and dirty and scared out of their wits, but Jamie had looked upon them as if they had been the most gorgeous creatures he had ever seen. And Robert had to admit they were gorgeous creatures. They were some of the finest horses ever to be had from England by way of the Iberian Peninsula. The brothers had their grandfather to thank for these beautiful animals, their bloodlines going back as far as fifty years of careful selecting and breeding. Spanish horses were and had been the preferred mounts by the royalty and aristocracy for numerous years and were even now being bred for use by King Charles himself and his top officers in the army.
The horses were sure-footed, having originally been mountain dwellers and they had cat-like agility, developing keen senses from living among and fighting the wild bulls of the mountains of Spain. Robert hadnt been surprised when Jamie had announced that he was going to obtain his horses from Wesley, but he knew how it had galled Jamie to have to pay the man for them. If their father had lived and they had still been living at Brentwood Manor, those horses would have belonged to them already.
Jamie returned to the barn to retrieve the saddle and saddle blanket. Earlier, he had complained about not being able to afford all new tack for the horses and Robert had had to remind him how lucky he was just to be able to afford the horses. When their agent had negotiated for the animals, getting them at a fair price because of their unusual color, (they werent the standard and preferred dappled gray) he had also negotiated for two full sets of used tack. Much to Jamies surprise, he had been quite pleased when he saw that the leather bridles and saddles had not been too old and were still in fine shape.
When Jamie came back out, he was whistling softly to himself and he had the most cheerful look on his face that Robert just shook his head. The boy was so excited about this visit he could barely keep his shirt on!
It was just the opposite for Robert. He really wasnt in any mood to go to this gathering. Since the death of his wife, he had seen no point in socializing or visiting friends. All they ever did was smother him, making noises of sympathy and looking at him with pity in their eyes. And then the match-making had begun, a mere month after Kathleens death!
First it was suggested he should marry Abigail. She had moved in with them after the tragic death of her husband and three-month old baby, but she had made it perfectly clear she did not want another man ever touching her again. Then Daphne Dixon had been paraded in front of him, but my God, she had only been fourteen! Then there was Susie Somebody and Wilhemina Whatshername and Joanie with the green eyes and on and on the busybodies went. He became fed up with it all, no matter their good intentions. So it had just been easier for him to stay at home and fill his days with mindless work or when he did take a day off, sneak away to the nearby Indian village.
But he couldnt say no to Tyler this time; it would be rather rude of him to purposely refuse the invitation and not welcome his cousins to the colony. And he knew how much Jamie wanted to go and needed to go. Jamie was young and vibrant and was so handsome with his big blue eyes and thick blond hair that Robert was surprised he didnt have a special lady already. The same women who had been pushed on him had been introduced to Jamie, but Jamie was younger and didnt feel comfortable with some of the older women who had already been married and widowed or with Daphne Dixon, the fourteen-year-old. And at that time Jamie was just getting established, he had only been given one hundred acres of land at the time of his release and had no house or income. He was living with his brother, the recluse, and no time to devote to a wife. So he had stayed single as well.
And Robert hadnt felt bad for any of those women who they had rejected. They had all found husbands among the scores of single men in the colony in mere days or weeks of being introduced to them.
So Robert would go and make the best of it for Jamies sake. Jamie was quite a catch now. It made Robert smile to see him so grown up. He realized he was going to have to stop thinking of Jamie as his little brother. Even though Jamie had grown to be quite a tall man, it wasnt only Jamies height that had made him the man he was today.
Over the past two years his brother had matured significantly in body and in mind. Being released from his contract of indenture at seventeen and being sent to live with a grieving brother had been more than difficult for Jamie. Robert knew he had not been in the best of moods after the death of his wife; and poor Jamie had had to put up with an awful lot of his anger and despair. Robert couldnt have been more grateful for Jamies company. Jamie had always been patient; he had always been helpful and even if his shoulders had been a little bit skinny, they had born the brunt of Roberts sobs time and time again.
By this time, Jamie had fitted the mare with her snaffle bridle and single set of reins and was now putting the saddle on her, tightening and securing the girth strap. Robert noticed she was a little calmer than the male and knew he would be riding her. He couldnt take any chances, since he would be riding with his two-year-old son, and he also thought that Jamie should have the privilege of arriving at the party atop his mighty stallion.
But in the back of his mind, he was remembering several years back when he and Jamie would ride and race Tylers horses and how the wind felt on his face, and how it whipped his own blond hair back, and the feel of the horses powerful muscular body beneath his thighs. How they would laugh and whoop with abandon, feeling carefree, invincible and secure in their new world. It had been a time of regained innocence, a time to put the horrors of their lost childhoods behind them. Tyler had allowed that behavior, encouraged it, in fact, to make them whole again and to allow them times of unrestricted playtime before the responsibilities of adulthood would end all that.
Suddenly, he wanted some of that gaiety back. He hadnt ridden a horse in over two and a half years, really ridden a horse, but he was sure he could manage. How difficult could it be? He remembered how to hold the reins; he knew to put his feet in the stirrups. Surely that was all he needed to know.
He was ready for some fun!
Suddenly he stood up, startling Jamie.
What! What is it? Did you see something? On alert, Jamie quickly looked around.
Tis nothing, nothing like that. Robert was quick to reassure him, but he also had to grit his teeth against the pain in his leg. However, that didnt stop him. But, Jamie, I want to take you up on your offer. He said, an urge so strong in him, he couldnt understand it. Robert knew it was reckless of him and totally irresponsible, but he just had to do it.
My offer? Jamie looked totally blank.
Two days ago you asked me if I would like to ride Pisador. Robert reminded him, but like the idiot he was, he had refused and gone off to do more mind- numbing work, leaving his brother once again, shaking his head in his wake. I want to do it now.
What! Now? Jamie goggled at him. Are you mad?
Maybe so; I know not. But do you remember when we used to ride Apollo and Peasblossom and how much fun we had and.
Jamie interrupted him, angered by this sudden change in his brother. Of course I remember! Obviously you hadnt until just now, for some strange reason. But you cannot ride Pisador now with your leg the way it is. Two days ago you might have managed, but nowI mean you havent ridden in over two and a half years and!
Robert gave Jamie a cold look that froze the rest of Jamies words. He didnt need to be reminded of his accident that had nearly crippled him. But he had healed and there were days when one would never know how he had nearly sliced off half his calf chopping wood.
Help me get on him. Robert said in a tone that brooked no further argument.
All right. Jamie relented, shrugging his shoulders. Well see how far you get.
Shut up. Robert muttered.
He moved closer to the stallion, murmuring a few soothing words to the horse as he put his hand out slowly to allow the horse to get the smell of him, but the big stallion wasnt having anything to do with Robert. He went to bite him and Robert had to snatch his hand back quickly lest he lose a few fingers. Bloody bugger.
Jamie laughed. So, you think youre going to ride him, hmm? He wont even let you near him! I told you yesterday you should have spent more time with them these past two weeks to let them get to know you, but no, you wouldnt listen to me
Shut up, I said! Robert snapped. He was determined to do this. Come on, hold the bridle; keep his damn mouth away from me while I mount him.
Jamie just stood there gaping at him for a second. You really mean it, dont you?
Robert stood his ground. Yes, I do.
Oh Christ! Jamie threw up his hands. All right, but if you fall off, blame me not!
Robert just laughed. Im not going to fall off.
You say that now. Jamie muttered under his breath.
They finally got Robert up in the saddle. It had required Jamie to hold tightly to Pisadors bridle to keep his head from swinging back to try to bite Robert while he used his good leg to boost himself into the saddle. Luckily his good leg was his left leg and he could mount on the left like the horse was used to. And once up there it had taken all his strength and skills to keep the horse under control.
He took hold of the double set of reins and hoped he could keep them straight. Meanwhile the horse bucked and twisted, trying to unseat Robert. Jamie attempted to keep a hold of the bridle and did a pretty good job of it for a while, until Robert just told him to let go, that he could handle it on his own.
And then without meaning to, Robert loosened the reins, the horses head came up and Pisador took off as if he had been stung by a bee, catching Robert off guard. He could barely keep himself in the saddle as they flew across the just-cleared fields, the horses big hooves splashing through puddles and kicking up big clods of rusty-colored mud. His leg burned; both thighs quivered with the effort to hold on; the reins chafed his hands, but the wind in his face was exhilarating and his shoulder-length hair had come loose and was whipping around his head. He could feel the stallions muscles rippling under his thighs; his heart pounded in his chest and he felt wild and free and scared and excited and terrified all at the same time. He thought he heard Jamie screaming something from behind him, but the sound was lost in the rush of wind past his ears.
He thought for that moment that he could have ridden forever, over fields, through forests, over meadows, through creeks and streams; the horse was strong and powerful, he was feeling powerful and one with the horse; but the land was not accommodating, the cleared fields didnt last forever and also the pain in his leg was becoming unbearable and he knew he would have to slow down soon. But as much as he tried pulling back on the reins, the horse would not obey (Robert realized later that his clumsy handling of the double reins had confused the horse) and soon they were at the edge of the forest. This didnt worry Robert so much as he knew the trees were so tall that he could easily pass underneath the lowest of branches, but there were other dangers that he might encounter, like fallen trunks, small saplings or large puddles from the recent rains.
As they passed through a stand of girdled trees--trees that had strips of bark stripped from them and left to die slowly-- the horse slowed only slightly. By then Roberts leg was so painful, he couldnt put any more pressure on it and he pulled it from the stirrup leaving it to dangle and flop at the horses side. He tried to use his thighs to grip the saddle to keep himself steady, but it wasnt working. Too quickly they were crashing through the forest proper and then there was one of those dangers, a fallen gigantic tree trunk. Robert felt the horses muscles bunch as he launched himself over the obstacle and then the horse was flying over and then landing safely, but the jolt unseated Robert and suddenly he found himself flying through the air and landing with an awful splash and thud on the forest floor, his bad leg twisted painfully under him.
He lay there for a while, stunned, catching his breath, looking up at the sky through the thick branches of all the trees. Sensation was coming back little by little, the cold and wet seeping through his brand new wool breeches, doublet and linen shirt. What would he wear to the party now? He thought dimly in the back of his mind. Every muscle in his body hurt despite landing on a cushion of wet, pine needles, leaves and forest debris. Even his teeth hurt from being clacked together from the force of the fall. He hoped he hadnt broken anything.
Jamie would be furious at him. The horse could be hurt and that would get him a tongue lashing worse than any their adoptive father had ever given either one of them; he himself could have broken his neck; he could have died, leaving his son an orphan. Stupid, stupid, stupidJamie had tried to discourage him, but he didnt listen. He could hear Jamie thundering towards him on the gentle mare, yelling his name in a panic, cursing him soundly.
God damn you, Rob, I warned you, you would fall off!
And suddenly Robert was laughing; laughing so hard tears were rolling down his cheeks, his shoulders shaking and ribs hurting so bad he thought he couldnt stand it much longer. He hugged himself, holding his ribs with his scraped and raw hands, wheezing with laughter, but feeling reborn.
What the bloody hell is the matter with you? Jamie yelled, as he brought his horse to a skidding halt and slid off in one move. You scared me to death, falling off like that.
Oh Jamie Robert gasped, trying to catch his breath, still lying among the leaf mold. Oh God, I needed that. That was wonderful!
Wonderful! Wonderful! Jamie repeated incredulously, his voice rising in outrage. Shaking with fright and fury, he kicked his brother then, a good, swift boot to his right buttock to go with his right lame leg, releasing all the fright and anger he felt.
Ow! Robert exclaimed, rubbing at the sore spot and looking up at his brother with wounded eyes. What did you do that for?
Because youre a mushheaded, brainless clot; thats why! Jamie yelled, his hands clenched into tight fists at his side. Because you could have injured my horse! Because you could havecould havedied. He ended breathlessly, his body stiff and steaming.
They stared at each other for a moment, both of them recovering from the surge of heightened and mixed-up emotions. Robert, sobered, was the first to speak. Im sorry, Jamie. Im sorry. He said shamefacedly, sitting up with a grimace.
However, Jamie ignored him, making a noise of derision. He wasnt ready yet to forgive. Instead he went over to Pisador who had immediately stopped after Robert had fallen off. He was standing quietly off to the side, slick coat twitching and steaming, tack jingling as he snorted and shook his head, reins dangling to the ground.
I said Im sorry! Robert called out louder, trying to get his brothers attention and trying to stand on his own. He cursed colorfully when he realized he couldnt put any weight at all on his leg and needed the support of the trunk of a sapling to get up.
Jamie! He called again sharply in frustration when Jamie wouldnt look at him. Oh, the hell with you. He finally muttered under his breath as he watched helplessly as Jamie purposely continued to ignore him, busily checking Pisador to be sure he wasnt injured in any way.
Pisador seemed to be unhurt though, just lathered a little and Robert hoped that that would take the edge off Jamies anger. He never expected what happened next.
Just as resolutely as Jamie had turned away from Robert and ignored him, Jamie now strode towards his brother and embraced him fiercely, nearly knocking him over. Do not ever scare me like that again. Jamie ordered gruffly into Roberts ear. You know I couldnt stand to lose you. I almost lost you once; do not do this to me again!
Robert was stunned! He thought he was going to get a good, sound chewing out. He knew he had scared Jamie, he could feel him shaking, and he had even scared himself, but he hadnt expected this outpouring of brotherly affection. But his arms came up just the same to return the heartfelt embrace.
I wont, Jamie, I promise. Robert said gently, giving his brother an extra squeeze before letting him go. So, youve forgiven me, the brainless clot that I am? He grinned amusedly.
I suppose so. Jamie answered grudgingly, picking leaves out of Roberts disheveled hair and off his back. Youre a mess, you know, and if we do not get going soon, well be late. He added, moving to gather the reins of both the horses and bringing them back to where Robert was standing.
Robert laughed. Heaven forbid! A mess and late; a double sin. He said sarcastically.
Jamie smiled in return. You know how father will look at us if we keep everyone waiting, and you know how hell look at you if you show up like that!
Like were uncivilized, disrespectful, unworthy and uncaring children, me being the worst of the lot. Robert answered, remembering their teenage years under the proper eye of their adoptive father.
Exactly. Jamie agreed wholeheartedly, helping Robert mount Penny. And then once he had mounted Pisador, in an imitation of Tyler, stated, A gentleman must always be well-groomed. A gentleman must always be clean and neat and properly dressed, his hair brushed and his fingernails not too long.
Do you think my fingernails are too long? Robert joked, holding out his hand and wiggling his fingers in front of Jamies face. His hand was dirty, palm raw and red, and his fingernails, kept short for practical purposes, were rimmed with the dirt of his labors.
Jamie slapped his hand away, continuing to recite the lectures they had received on being a gentleman. They had heard them so many times they often reminded each other of them in jest. As I was saying, a gentleman must always be on time. Being on time is a sign of your thoughtfulness and civility
Robert joined in, the two of them riding slowly, side by side. A gentleman must always strive to be well-mannered and polite. A gentleman must always be prompt whether attending church or a political meeting or even a duel
Oh yes, a gentleman must never be late even to his own demise. Overt sarcasm from Jamie.
Precisely. Robert agreed in that same mocking tone of voice. And a gentleman would never leave a lady waiting to escort her to a dinner or to an appointmentor
Jamie cut in, adding in a mock whisper, a mischievous smile on his face. The bantering often turned risqu. Or leave her waiting in her bedchamber.
Or leave her wanting or unsatisfied Robert added, picking up on Jamies line of thought.
Or leave her bed at all. Jamie said with a sigh, turning wistful.
Robert heard the yearning in Jamies voice and turned to him with an indulgent smile. One day, Jamie, one day soon youll have your lady. Youve learned your lessons well; you are the perfect gentleman. He said seriously, without any sarcasm at all.
Thanks. Jamie said, sounding as if he didnt believe it. But what about you, Rob? Will you open your heart again? Will you ever marry again, do you think?
Perhaps, although I doubt Ill ever find another woman like Kathleen.
She was special. Jamie said softly.
Yes. Robert sighed in agreement. Then taking a deep breath, added, But I think I would like to marry again some time in the future. I know Abigail will not stay with us forever and Robin does need a mother. However, right now, Im content to leave my life as it is.
You mean visiting Makki every month.
Robert nodded. Yes. He answered quietly.
Does she ever expect more from you?
No. She knows our relationship can never be permanent. Weve discussed it several times. Shes a Powhatan through and through and Im too bloody English to give all this up. He said, sweeping his hand out to encompass all his land. One day well go our separate ways, most likely when I do marry again.
Im glad to hear you say that. Jamie grinned at him.
Robert laughed. You would. No, Jamie, your big brother has not completely gone to the devil!
Thank God for that! Jamie exclaimed.
* * *
It was a frightful scene for Abigail and Robin when the two brothers entered the kitchen. Abigail let out a small cry when she saw Robert so dirty and disheveled, his new clothes ruined, and being supported by Jamie.
What happened? She asked, worry clearly showing on her face.
I fell off the bloody horse. Robert admitted as Jamie helped him to the bench where he sat down with a groan.
You fell off the horse! She exclaimed, sympathetic at first, but her gaze strayed to Jamie and when their eyes met, he made a mocking pouting face and she nearly laughed. Quickly she hid her smile, but not fast enough.
Go ahead and laugh. He grumbled good-naturedly. I deserve it.
Daddy! You hurt? Robin called out, still in his high chair.
Im fine, Robin. Daddys hurt only a little.
Let me look at your leg. Abigail went to kneel in front of Robert but he quickly stopped her. She knew that if she wrapped his ankle with a poultice of comfrey root, it would reduce the swelling and hasten his recovery time.
No, Im fine. Really. But it would be helpful if you would ready Robin for the trip and pack some food while I change. Will you do that for me, Abby?
By all means. She said, backing down.
While Jamie helped Robert upstairs, she did all that without complaint despite the fact that she wasnt feeling her best. A week ago there had been a tragic accident at the home of her dearest friend, Beatrice Warren. The poor woman had burned to death in a house fire, a not uncommon event; and Abigail was grief-stricken. But that didnt prevent her from providing the care that she willingly gave to Robert, Jamie and Robin.
Over the past two years since she had moved in with the brothers, she and they had developed a comfortable relationship with mutual respect and sibling affection. At their first meeting, a mere two days after Roberts wifes death, Abigail had been a shy, subdued young woman, grieving over the sudden loss of her husband and three-month-old baby; and Robert had also been grieving but desperate to find a woman who could nurse his newborn son.
It had been Jamie who had found her after exhaustive visits to most of the parishes up and down the river. And despite the fact that Abigail had never met Robert beforethe Chilcotts had lived on the south side of the James River while Robert and Jamie lived on the north sideat the first sight of little Robin, she couldnt refuse him.
And while Abigail would have preferred to continue to live in her own home and stay close to her neighbor and dear friend, who had been a skilled midwife and healer, she knew in her heart that she wasnt strong enough to live alone and she also knew she did not want another relationship, so she had sold the small farm she had inherited and had moved in with the two brothers with the intention of staying only as long as it took to receive a response to her letter that she had written to her sister and brother-in-law in England, asking if she could come home. But a response never came; Abigail didnt know if her letter had gotten lost or if her sister had moved, but the result was the same. She was still here in Virginia because she had no other prospects.
In actuality, though, she had a good life here with the Bassett brothers. It suited her for the time being, this quiet, reclusive life, living unmolested with Robert and Jamie on their plantation. From the beginning she had made it perfectly clear that she did not want another relationship and Robert was more than happy to leave her alone. Jamie was just too young and his mind was filled with visions of stables full of lovely horses, not visions of old widows. For at that time, that is how Jamie saw Mrs. Chilcott, even though she had only been five and twenty years old.
The arrangement allowed her to remain a single woman. In England it was proper for a widow to be in mourning for a full year, but in the colony, for mostly practical reasons, men and women remarried within months, even weeks in some instances after burying their spouses. Abigail had her share of invitations and advances from the numerous single men in the colony, all of them unwanted, so she was more than grateful for the brothers protection. They escorted her to church every Sunday and she even accompanied them to the muster once a month, and every week or so Robert or Jamie would accompany her on a visit to her special friend across the river.
Days had turned into weeks, weeks into months and now two years had passed.
Robert was finally entering the social scene again. Jamie too, but Abigail, more than ever now, wanted to shut herself away and mourn her friend. She had no idea what she would do now; Robin was almost weaned, she and Robert had never discussed arrangements past that point, she supposed she could marry again, although that thought repulsed her, or she could try sending another letter to her sister. But for now she would isolate herself from society once again.
Of course she had been invited to the social affair; she was an eligible, free woman, not a servant. But she was too sorrow-stricken to face all those gay people. She knew that Jamie and Robert wanted her to go with them; they didnt like the idea of leaving her alone with their new indentured servant, but she had insisted she didnt want to go and she could take care of herself. After all, the boy was only sixteen and still small for his age.
Before the men left with little Robin, Robert had a few final words for Abigail and then the new boy who had come to the house for his breakfast. Working at the fireplace she listened covertly as Robert warned the boy to behave and then reminded him of the penalties for running away; whipping, branding on the cheek or shoulder with the letter R, and extension of servitude. She didnt know if hearing about the penalties was enough to deter him; she didnt know him well enough yet, but from what she had seen so far he seemed to be a good lad. He had always shown her nothing but respect and cooperation and she was positive she would have no trouble with him.
Even so, she had her late husbands flintlock pistol which she knew how to prime, load and shoot like a militia captain. And if the pistol was not enough protection, she always carried a little dagger tucked into a pocket she had sewn into the seam of her skirt.
Outside, she said her goodbyes to the brothers and to Robin. Once Robert and Robin were settled onto their horse and Jamie had mounted Pisador, she handed Jamie a sack full of dried apples, leftover corncakes, walnuts and dried venison. They thanked her and she watched them as they rode towards the back of the property. A feeling of relief washed over her; once Connelly had eaten and started on the chores Robert had given him, she could finally be alone in the house where she could do absolutely nothing if she wanted to, but most likely she would sit and read her Bible and grieve for her dear friend.


Chapter Two: The Twins Story
October 30, 1643, Aileen Plantation, Colony of Virginia

It happened again last night. Elizabeth Tyler had another one of her predictive dreams. It didnt frighten her, not like the first one she had had when she was four years old; it only intrigued her, lets just say that this one had been the most personal and revealing, showing her a clearer picture of the man she would marry.
Standing by the window in the bedchamber she shared with her twin sister, Evelyn, she watched all the activity happening below in the front yard of her Uncle Francis plantation. Anxiously she studied the faces of every man she saw. So far she hadnt seen anyone who resembled the man in her dream but this didnt worry her because none of them appealed to her anyway; not the mariners who were working hard at repairing the ship she had arrived on, or the Captain, or any of the other planters. Thank God none of them would be her husband!
Today she and Evelyn were being introduced to Virginia society, a mere three days after arriving in the colony. Even though she and her sister were in no mood to socialize, she understood that her Uncle Francis had planned this gathering a month ago and had handed out invitations at the last meeting of the county court. He hadnt foreseen the late-season hurricane that had crippled their ship and delayed their arrival by two weeks and neither had she! No dream about that! But then her dreams hadnt shown her much of anything in the past six months.
Six months ago she would have never believed she would find herself in this strange land. She would have never believed that she and her sister would be here alone without their father or without their governess, who had taken care of them since the day they were born. Six months ago she had been standing by another window, framed in gold silk damask draperies, that one in her own bedchamber, in her familys four-story townhouse in West Cheap, London, on one of the wealthiest streets where all the other goldsmiths lived and worked. Six months ago she and her twin sister had been living lives of privilege, wealth and elegance despite the recent takeover of London by Oliver Cromwell and a Puritan Parliament.
As little girls, they had been treated like princesses; they had both been tutored by the best tutors, learning both the arts and academics. They had been equally given everything their little hearts desired, had been dressed alike in satins, silks, brocades and laces, and had attended the grandest parties, always being the center of attention because of their identical appearance. They had been pampered and spoiled by their indulgent father, Bernard Tyler, Francis younger brother.
But that life was over now. A new life was just over the horizon; a new life with a husband she hadnt even met yet. But these prophetic dreams always came true; this was the second one she had had about this man. Who was he? Where was he? Was she really ready to meet him? She was only seventeen, too young, she thought, to live without parents, to be sent out into the world to be a responsible adult and perhaps become a parent herself within the year.
Elizabeth went over and over again in her mind the events of the past six months. Why had their lives taken such a bad turn? Was it something she and her sister had done wrong? Had they not been kind enough to everyone they met? Had they not been humble enough during church services and during morning and evening prayers? Had they not been generous enough to the unfortunate and the suffering? Were they being punished for their love of fine things, music, celebrations, and beauty? Elizabeth and Evelyn did not follow the strict religion of the Puritans with their banishment of entertainments and all things beautiful, but now she worried that maybe they should have changed their lifestyle. Evelyn, however, had disagreed when they had discussed this sudden tragedy in their lives. Evelyn had been the strong and sensible one, assuring Elizabeth that they had done nothing wrong and that God still loved them. He was not punishing them; He had not abandoned them. It was just that He had a new plan, and they must be strong and have faith.
Elizabeth wanted to believe her sister. She wanted to feel secure and lighthearted again. But it was so difficult when all she could think about was what they had lost. They had lost everything they had ever known, their warm home, their beloved parents, their friends and their dedicated servants. And Elizabeth not only grieved for the loss of the people and the material things, she also grieved for the loss of her beliefs. So much of what their father had told them had been lies, lies to shelter them from the truth, lies about their Uncle Francis because their father had never forgiven him.
Elizabeth and Evelyn had never known their Uncle Francis; they had only been two years old when he had gone away. But they had been told of him by their father and always in an angry, bitter tone. They had heard stories of their fathers and uncles boyhoods, how they had learned their trade and had worked side by side with their father in a prosperous goldsmithing business in London. The twins grandfather had been an esteemed member of the Goldsmiths Guild assuring the boys membership when they finished their apprenticeships. But when Elizabeths and Evelyns grandfather had died sixteen years ago, their Uncle Francis had wanted something different, something more exciting.
The twins had been told how he had been lured by the promise of free land in the colony of Virginia. They had even been shown the handbills that were continuously distributed around the streets of London promising fifty acres of land for each paying passenger, and since their uncle had paid passage for himself, his wife, his two young daughters and two servants, he had received three hundred acres of free land. And since he also had money of his own, he had been able to purchase additional adjoining land. So he had decided to sail to Virginia with his agreeable family and start a life there, leaving Bernard with the family business.
The girls had never known how abandoned and lost their father had felt. They had only been toddlers, but even as they grew, Bernard had never shown that side of himself to his daughters. It wouldnt have been proper for them to see any weakness in him. And it also wouldnt have been proper to reveal to them that he wasnt very adept at continuing the business on his own. Despite the fact that he had been a brilliant craftsman who could work silver and gold into magnificent pieces of jewelry and tableware, he just hadnt had the keen business sense that his brother had had.
Unfortunately what he did show to the girls was contempt of their uncle, blaming all his troubles on his older brother, not admitting that he, alone, was the one to blame. For he was the one who liked to live high off the hog and indulge in drink too often, not Francis. And he was the one who allowed the business to decline year after year, leaving him no choice but to take advantage of the common practice of goldsmiths acting like banks. People would deposit their money with him; he would give them a receipt for the gold in the form of a note promising to pay them back on demand, but instead of saving the money for them, he would spend it, eventually using money from one person to pay another. When less and less customers came to deposit their money with him, he found himself having to borrow money from other sources and eventually panic and despair set in. But the girls had never been allowed to see that side of their father, only to hear the disparaging words he spoke about his brother.
Nevertheless, mounting debts hadnt stopped him from showering the girls with whatever they wanted. The guilt hadnt let him. When the girls had been three years old, their mother had died trying to give birth to the son that Bernard had always yearned for, a horribly deformed baby that thankfully hadnt lived more than a few minutes. He had known he shouldnt have gotten his wife pregnant again, the birth of the twins had compromised her health, but he just hadnt been able to help himself just like he hadnt been able to stop himself from borrowing and spending, borrowing and spending. Bernard had gone further in debt believing that one day things would turn around and get better. But they never had. Additionally, foreign craftsmen settling in the district west of Cheapside who made counterfeit jewelry much to the annoyance of the Goldsmiths Company also greatly contributed to his decline.
The girls also never knew that Francis had written often, offering help and inviting Bernard to join him in Virginia and become partners once again, but Bernard had been too stubborn and jealous; and he would never forgive Francis for leaving the family business. And because of his severe jealousy and anger at his brother, he had constantly badmouthed Virginia and any man who went there to get rich as a tobacco planter and live among the savages.
Bernard had told the girls most of the men who went to Virginia were criminals or beggars and blighters; that they flocked to the new land to escape the law and then when they got there they either sold themselves as indentured servants or got their land by some other illicit means. Every day the girls had been led to believe that Virginia was a most uncivilized place and not fit for high-class citizens like themselves.
Lies, all lies.
But despite all this, Bernard had put it into his will that upon his death, if the girls werent married and living with their husbands, they would go to live with their Uncle Francis in Virginia. Actually Bernard didnt have any other choice. He hadnt wanted them to become wards of the city and he had only known of one very old aunt who lived in the far north of England. And to his knowledge, their mothers people in France had all disappeared in one way or another.
So that is how they came to find themselves in this backwards, nowhere country, and that is how Elizabeth came to find herself in this practically furnished room, with old velvet curtains on the windows and an equally aged velvet comforter on the tester bed, their father having committed suicide five months and four days ago. The drink, the jealousy, the anger, and all the debts had become too much for him to bear. Bernard Tyler had taken his own life, rather than risk imprisonment, leaving his twin seventeen-year-old daughters to his brother, Francis, and without a copper penny to their names.
It angered Elizabeth to know she and her sister had never been told of their fathers difficulties, or of the massive debts that he had accrued. She and her sister werent so spoiled that they couldnt have given up new gowns for each party or that latest redecoration of their bedchambers. If they had been sons, they might have been told, they probably would have been brought into the business and might have saved it from ruin; but no, they were female and therefore, left in the dark and ultimately, left to a fate completely out of their control.
Elizabeth remembered the day so clearly when she and her sister had been told of their fathers suicide by his solicitor. It had been raininghow appropriateand she and her twin and their governess, Louise, had just finished eating breakfast of bread and cheese, cold meats and watered wine in the morning room and were discussing their plans for the day as they did every morning. The solicitor had come in with the butler, looking ominously grave but sympathetic. He had delivered the news as gently as he had been able, but gentleness hadnt softened the blow. Their father had been found on the floor in his shop, an empty bottle of poison close to his hand. The twins had been shocked, devastated and frightened. They hadnt understood how this could have happened. They had never realized their father had been so unhappy and desperate.
And then they had begun to worry about themselves. What would happen to them now? Who would take care of them? What would they do?
Only a few minutes later they found out, their solicitor informing them in a calm comforting voice that there was no money left, and everything in the family home would be seized and sold to settle as many debts as possible. All the servants would be let go and given letters of recommendation by the solicitor to help them find other positions. All but one servant had left that day, the girls governess had stayed with them, she having been with them since their birth and having her own money to sustain her.
And then the most horrible news of all had been revealed, that they would be sent to live with their fathers brother, a man they thought to be an unworthy good-for-naught, in Virginia. In her mind was a picture painted by her father, of a place overrun with bad men of all kinds, all of them grubbing in the dirt, growing tobacco right alongside the savages. To be taken away from their comfortable lifestyle of genteel pursuits, parties and social events was a horror to Elizabeth.
But now she had to admit it really wasnt all that bad. The land was certainly beautiful with lush forests and pretty meadows; the numerous rivers were full of the most amazing fish and fowl, the skies were full of varied and colorful birds. Elizabeth smiled to herself as she remembered her sisters face as their ship had sailed up the James River, how Evelyn had tried to look at everything all at once despite her weariness, pointing to this tree and that bunch of cattails and that flock of swallows overhead and that doe and her fawn over there. For those moments there had been no apprehension, no sorrow, no grief, just pure delight in the beauty of Gods nature and gratefulness that they had arrived alive and well.
As they had headed for their uncles home, they had been relieved to see many other seafaring vessels, (reminding them just the teeniest bit of the Thames,) stopping at the scattered plantations to pick up the tobacco crop and deliver trade goods. And many of the farms had at least been decent-looking, nothing compared to the estates in England of course, but respectable nevertheless for such a young colony. (Of course they had also passed numerous dilapidated places, but she had tried to ignore those.) Her uncle had built this fine one-and-a-half story frame and clapboard house of a moderate size and furnished it with good, solid English furniture. It was true the curtains in this chamber were old and worn and that the curtains in the other chambers were made of linen and not silk, but that didnt mean that they couldnt be had in the colony. Uncle Francis merchant store was stocked with all the items everyone might need for a household from iron tools and nails, iron pots, brass kettles, linens and lengths of piece goods, along with some luxuries like French wines and brandies, Spanish and Delft earthenware, silver-plated and pewter wares. And she was truly surprised to learn that he even had a small silk producing operation and her cousin, Maureen Archer, today was wearing a bodice woven from that silk!
Since arriving three days ago, she and Evelyn had been introduced to all twenty of his indentured servants. One of them was a young woman around twenty-four years old who worked in the house, cooking, cleaning, doing the laundry and tending to the kitchen garden. She had only six months left to her contract and in a moment of forgetting her place, informed Elizabeth of her plans to marry a man who had also been an indentured servant, but who was now free. The other nineteen were field hands or worked in the silk house, men ranging in age from sixteen to twenty-six and all from the county of Cornwall. They had all been mannerly and decently-kept, wearing their new sets of clothes they received once a year. Perhaps this land wasnt so wild and dangerous as her father had led them to believe.
And Uncle Francis himself was not the bad man she had been expecting. He was the perfect gentleman, gracious, generous and kind. After their most awful ocean voyage, which they hoped never to have to repeat, he had taken them in and seen to their every need. And surprisingly he had reminded her a lot of her father. He was in his middle forties, pleasant looking, if not overly handsome, with reddish-brown hair and gentle green eyes. He was of average height with a slight build, not frightening at all; and in general, a very nice man.
Unfortunately, at this time, he was also very ill, failing and weak; and that worried Elizabeth because if he died, what would the twins do then? They could not run a plantation on their own; they would not even be allowed to. They might be able to stay with their cousin, Maureen, and her family, but she had enough to do with her husband and four children. Most likely they would be married off to whomever needed a wife, and the girls would not even have a say in their futures.
It was true Uncle Francis had arranged this party so they could be introduced to society, and since becoming a young woman, Elizabeth had grown to enjoy parties immensely and had loved entertaining her fathers friends. Together she and Evelyn were lively and outgoing hostesses. She herself was an excellent singer and could play the virginal with the skill of a master; and more often than not, she willingly found herself being persuaded by the guests to perform for them. With the loving encouragement of her father and with her sister accompanying her on the viol, she had always felt secure and confident.
It hadnt always been that way though. As little children, because they had this unusual and frightening gift of dreaming future events, the twins had been shy, secretive and distrustful of adults. They had lived an introverted life with their governess as their confidante and surrogate mother. It had taken many years for the girls to overcome their shyness and gain confidence and courage to perform in front of people and to also feel comfortable interacting with them. So now she didnt understand why she was so nervous about meeting all the citizens of the county. She felt like she was reverting to that shy, scared little girl of years ago.
She and Evelyn had been told all the prominent planters and businessmen, many of whom also served as local officials and members of the Council, and all the tradesmen and smaller farmers as well, including their families and servants, had been invited to meet them. She supposed she should be flattered but she wasnt ready to be put on display, she wasnt ready to smile and mingle and speak with so many unknown people. And she wasnt ready to be married off so quickly.
It wasnt that she was opposed to marriage. In fact, she knew just like every other woman knew, that her greatest purpose in life was to marry and one day have children. Both she and Evelyn loved children and had spent the past several years of their lives at the urging of their governess giving of their time, caring for orphaned children at their local parish orphanage. So it was not marriage and children that frightened them; what the both of them were worried about was that they would be forced to marry men that didnt understand their need to be together. The bond between them was so strong that both Elizabeth and Evelyn were worried sick they would be separated and have to live far apart from each other. And that they could not tolerate.
Elizabeth had been standing at the window for over an hour already, watching the scores of guests that had been arriving all morning. They were all in high spirits, laughing and gossiping and greeting friends they hadnt seen in a long time. The people of Virginia loved to socialize and looked for any reason to interrupt the stress and hardships of their everyday lives. They arrived by all manner of boats, shallops, skiffs or sloops, tying up their crafts side by side and on both sides of Francis impressive wharf which reached out into the river at least one hundred feet. The ship that had brought the twins to Virginia was also docked here for repairs and some of the mariners generously helped the guests secure their boats.
Then they spilled out into the yard like a throng of fair-goers. She noticed they were all dressed in their Sunday best; the men in smart doublets, breeches and loose linen shirts, with ribbons at their knees and wrists, short or long cloaks, the new short cloak favored by the younger gentlemen, beaver hats with plumes of feathers on their heads and rapiers at their sides and pistols tucked into their belts or muskets in their hands. The majority of them wore pointed, well-trimmed beards and mustaches and all the men had shoulder-length hair either left loose with a single curled or waved tress of hair longer than the rest, or tied back with a colorful ribbon. Jewelry was also worn by many of the men especially earrings and signet rings.
The women wore brightly colored gowns, amber yellow and blue were very popular, with white lace collars and long, flowing skirts. Some wore gloves and cloaks to ward off the chill of the morning while others had shawls or mantles. The more prosperous ladies also wore several pieces of jewelry, small pendants, earrings and rings. The fashions ranged from three months out of London, the length of the average ocean crossing, to several years behind the times, depending on the prosperity or the age of the individual, but all were clean and neat and conscious of looking their best.
Even the children were in their best clothes, looking like miniature adults. And several of them had already gathered to play games of blindmans bluff or kick ball with a small leather ball.
Well, she knew it was inevitable; she would have to go downstairs at some point. With her sister beside her, she could manage almost anything, even facing the scores of Uncle Francis acquaintances. Maybe she would even sing. That always made her feel better. It was a shame there wasnt a harpsichord for her to play, but singing alone was just as uplifting.
She smoothed her hands down her only gown, mourning slightly the loss of all the others. It was in a deep Caribbean blue silk with a high-waisted bodice that had been expertly embroidered by Evelyn and a full gathered skirt which hung in loose folds to the floor. The neck had a low dcolletage in front, showing the lace of her chemise, but it was cut much higher in the back. And the close-fitting elbow length sleeves ended in a good three inches of frilled white lace. She was also wearing a large Bertha collar which covered her shoulders, back and breasts like a cape. Her twin sister, Evelyn, had sewn both articles of clothing only six months ago for another one of the coming-out balls and when they had been told they would be allowed to keep only one gown, there had been no questions of keeping this one.
Elizabeth once again marveled at her sisters talent. Just yesterday Evelyn had had to alter the gown to fit her noticeably thinner body and she had done an exquisite job. The ocean voyage had taken a toll on them, both of them losing weight they couldnt afford to lose. The gown she wore now was the only party gown she had been allowed to keep. All the others had been sold. Each girl had been allowed to keep one of the best gowns along with two serviceable bodices and two skirts, along with several collars and handkerchiefs, two pairs of shoes, several pairs of stockings, several shifts and chemises and their warm woolen cloaks and gloves. But the rest of their finery and jewelry had been seized, even the pieces of jewelry left to them from their mother. That had been crushing, to know the only two pieces of jewelry she had inherited from her mother were gone forever.
Are you coming down, Bess? It was Evelyn appearing in the doorway, looking eager and flushed. She was wearing the one party gown she had been able to keep, also sewn by herself, but since Elizabeth was not the accomplished seamstress Evelyn was and since Evelyn had not had time to alter her own gown, it didnt fit as well as it used to. It gapped at the bodice and was loose in the waist, but it was a pretty spring green color with beautiful embroidery covering the bodice she had done herself. And as the color of Elizabeths gown complimented her coloring, the color of this gown was chosen to also compliment Evelyns identical complexion and hair color. Right now Evelyn was wearing an apron over the gown and it was smeared with grease and drippings and baby stains; she had been helping their cousin, Maureen, with her children and assisting the servant with the final preparations of the ample amount of food and drink being provided.
The two little pocket beagles that were sleeping on the bed came awake at the sound of Evelyns voice and each of them lifted their heads excitedly and let out a single bark each. She came into the room, smiling softly at their precious pets and immediately flopped down on the bed next to the dogs to gather them into her arms.
Bonjour, bonjour, mes petits cheris. She cooed in French, then switched to English. Ah, I am tired already. She said with a sigh. The dogs smelled the delicious odors of roasted boar, duck and venison on her apron and shoved their noses into her lap, licking at the grease and stains, causing Evelyn and Elizabeth to laugh amusedly. Because of their voracious appetites, the dogs had not been allowed in the kitchen or they would have been begging for scraps and getting in everyones way.
Have you been that busy? Elizabeth asked, concerned and feeling a little guilty. She had been up here fretting while Evelyn had been working. Im sorry for not helping. Here, you need to take that off. She said, reaching for the dogs, seeing how they were becoming a little too vigorous in their licking.
Because the beagles were small, only nine inches at the withers, she was able to pick each one up with one hand. They didnt like being taken away from the goodies on the apron, so they squirmed and wiggled and whined, but Elizabeth kept a firm grip on them while she held them, one on either side of her. Evelyn quickly stripped off the apron, wadded it up, and put it in a basket of other dirty laundry in the corner of the room.
Thank you, but you need not worry. Maureen and Sally are doing a fine job of setting out all the food with the help of one of the field hands. I do not remember his name, the poor fellow She said with a chuckle. He was quite displeased at having to work in the kitchen. She came back from the corner and smoothed the wrinkles out of the skirt of her gown as she seated herself back on the edge of the bed.
Elizabeth put the dogs down and they immediately ran to the basket, dragged the apron out and proceeded to press their snouts into it, pushing it around to find the grease stains again.
Elizabeth just shrugged her shoulders. Better on the floor than on you. She said, not making any move to correct the dogs.
I should have taken it off before coming in here. Evelyn stated, but she didnt make any attempt to stop the dogs either. Then with incredulity, There is so much food down there! I never knew these people were so well established.
Papa didnt want us to know. He wanted us to think they all lived like savages.
I never understood that. I understand he was angry at Uncle Francis, but why would he denounce the whole colony? Evelyn wondered.
Maybe he was afraid one day we would leave him as well. Elizabeth stated simply.
To Virginia! Evelyn exclaimed. I doubt we would have even entertained the idea.
Unless two gentlemen had come along who would have promised to keep us together. We may have entertained the idea then if the gentlemen were honorable and worthy. Elizabeth said matter-of-factly.
Evelyn peered at Elizabeth. Would you have considered following a man here if he promised to keep us together?
Maybe. Elizabeth said truthfully, but was quick to add. But only if you were happy with the man who had promised you the same thing. You know I would never make a decision on my own.
I know. Evelyn smiled at her sister. And I would never make a decision without consulting you either.
I know. Elizabeth said, grabbing her sisters hand and squeezing it. She looked out the window again and her voice turned thoughtful. Ive been watching all the people arrive from the window. There are so many of them.
Whats wrong, Bess? Are you still feeling sick? Evelyn looked closely at her. Both of them had not felt their best when they had arrived and had spent most of the past two days in bed recovering from the overly long voyage.
The Atlantic crossing had taken nearly twelve weeks, much too long for anyones liking. The first few weeks of the journey had gone well enough; they had had good weather, strong steady trade winds taking them from the English Channel down past Portugal, landing in the Canary Islands to restock, then across the Atlantic. After their initial fear, the girls had actually enjoyed their allotted time out on the deck of the sturdy little ship, their governess and their pets, beside them. But then they had hit a storm, a raging freak late-season hurricane that had battered and beaten the poor little boat until both the mainmast and the mizzenmast had snapped in two like dry twigs underfoot. Six lives had been lost: three crewman, two passengers and the girls beloved governess, the one servant who had vowed to stay with them after every other servant had been sent away.
After the storm there had been a calm period which had allowed the crew to do whatever repairs they could, which wasnt much, and the girls spent the time grieving below decks, not feeling up to anything despite the faithful company of the dogs. They didnt even care that the ship had to continue the journey north up the coast of North America under the measly power of two sails or that food had become scarce and had to be carefully rationed, despite the catching of several large fish. They barely had any appetite at all and only ate or drank at the encouragement of the other caring passengers. It was only when they had finally arrived at the mouth of the James River when the girls had started to show some interest in their surroundings and had joined the other passengers in prayers of thanksgiving. They had arrived alive and well and for that alone, they praised the Lord.
Now Elizabeth sat down next to Evelyn, fingering the skirt of her gown nervously. No, Im feeling fine, She said, looking down at her hands. Then her voice lowered to almost a whisper. But, I had a dream last night And those words were enough to make both of them nervous. Each of them had had dreams before that had come true and each of them had been in each others dreams too.
I know. Im surprised you didnt mention it earlier. You were being kissed by your husband. Evelyn said in a gentle voice.
Elizabeth gaped at her sister, her eyes wide, shock evident in her expression; but then the shock subsided. She should have known that Evelyn would have seen this dream. Did you see him? She asked in a hushed voice. They had to be very careful sometimes; the way they talked to each other could draw suspicion.
Yes, but only from the back. He was tall and he had long, blond hair that covered his shoulders like a mane
Elizabeth was nodding her head. And he was strong; so strong. She said with wonder. When he held me
I know. Evelyn interrupted, sparing her sister the need to describe what had happened next in the dream. I felt your response to him.
What! Elizabeth exclaimed, her voice loud, but then she quickly lowered it. You felt my response? That has never happened before.
Evelyn smiled impishly. And you have never been kissed by a strong, handsome husband before.
How do you know he was handsome? Elizabeth demanded. You said you could only see him from the back!
Evelyn laughed. I know you, sister. You wouldnt do what you did in that dream if this man was not handsome.
Elizabeth turned a pretty shade of pink. I am not shallow, you know. She said indignantly.
Evelyn hugged her, saying soothingly, I know, Bess, but tis better if the man is handsome, is it not?
Elizabeth couldnt help but smile at her sisters teasing. You know I havent seen anyone yet who resembles the man in my dream. Do you suppose it was just a dream this time?
Well, they havent arrived yet. Evelyn stated simply.
They? Who? Elizabeth looked blank.
Our cousins, Robert and James. Maybe one of them was the man in your dream. Didnt Uncle Francis say they have blond hair? And hasnt Maureen told us more than once how handsome they are and how all the women fall all over them?
Elizabeth snorted. He couldnt be one of them. And theyre not really our cousins. You heard what Uncle Francis said about them. Theyre just orphans he took in.
Why couldnt your dream man be one of them? And Uncle Francis didnt say it quite like that.
No, he made it sound like they were the most neglected children in all of England and they were so brave about coming here and they worked like little soldiers and were perfect in every way.
Evelyn laughed at her sister, amused by her description. He was a little excessive in his praise, wasnt he? Now Im truly curious though. What will you do if one of them is the man in your dream?
Elizabeth frowned, considering. MmmI do not know. I cant just go up to him and say, good afternoon, sir. Im Elizabeth and I dreamt you are my husband and my dreams always come true.
Evelyn laughed. No, you couldnt do that. He probably wouldnt believe you anyway. But if one of them is the man in your dream, and I have a feeling that one of them is, you must talk to him and get to know him.
But I fear I could not look him in the eye. I mean, this man was naked in the dream and if he is the manOh Evie, I would be so embarrassed. She said in a whisper.
If you like I could pretend to be you, and you could be me, and that way you would be me when youre talking to him so you would be looking at him through my eyes and not through your dream! Evelyn suggested.
No, no, I cannot do that to him the first time I meet him. Twouldnt be right.
Youre right. Evelyn agreed. You should be you the first time you meet your husband. She said, putting a suggestive emphasis on the word, husband. Then she said, teasing Elizabeth even more. After all, if I met him first as you, he might like me better!
Elizabeth gasped indignantly, but she knew Evelyn was only kidding. Just the same, she took the bait. We shall see who he likes better. Come on, we are going downstairs to meet this man of mine, whoever he is. She stated with confidence, having gotten over any embarrassment or shame she had been feeling from that most revealing dream.
Excellent! Evelyn said excitedly, smiling widely. Then, if one of the brothers is the man in your dream, then the other brother could be for me!
Elizabeth threw her sister a shocked look, but then slowly smiled in return, agreeing with that thought. That would be the perfect situation for the both of them.
Now eager to meet her future husband, Elizabeth, along with Evelyn, placed homemade harnesses on the dogs and together they made their way to the staircase. The din of numerous voices reached their ears, among them the familiar voices of their cousin, Maureen, and her husband, greeting the guests and exchanging the latest news from their respective contacts in England. Scents of roasted meats, warm breads and yeasty ale filled their noses and Elizabeths stomach grumbled, making the girls giggle. The dogs smelled all the delicious odors as well, making them strain at their harnesses and Elizabeth and Evelyn smiled at each other, amused once again. The dogs could always bring a smile to their lips.
And then with an unspoken bond that they had shared since before birth, they reached for each others hand. The small smile they shared showed their acceptance of the dream and the contentment that came with that acceptance. They knew this day was going to be special; they knew Elizabeth was going to meet her future husband, and possibly Evelyn too. The dream had portended it and whether anyone else believed it or not, they knew, without a doubt, that their dreams always came true.


Chapter Three: Welcome Home!

Jamie was as happy as a lark. He was thrilled that he, Robert and Robin were riding his horses through the backcountry to the plantation of his adoptive father. They had gotten a later start than originally planned due to Roberts little accident, but now that was all forgotten as Jamie led them away from Riverbreeze through the woods from atop his precious stallion.
Traveling through the backcountry on horseback was not the usual way of travel; river travel being the most practical since all plantations were on the numerous rivers and creeks that graced this new land of Virginia, the James River being the widest and most populated. When Jamie had seen how painful it was for Robert to walk on his sore leg, he had naturally suggested that they take the shallop, hiding his disappointment. But when Robert had rejected the suggestion, Jamies spirits soared. He felt like he had been waiting for this moment all his life, this moment of transition from traveling by boat to traveling by horseback.
Of course this didnt mean that they would never travel by boat again, but now they had a choice. Jamie knew he would ride his horse whenever possible.
He led the way, following an old Indian trail through a great forest of huge, old hickory, oak and chestnut trees. Robert had never been this way before and Jamie had only traveled this way recently, scouting out these old Indian trails after hearing about them from various older planters in the region. They could have followed the shore along the James River all the way south to Tylers plantation, but with so many loops and curves, it was easier to take a straight line further back from it. And by traveling behind the plantations, they avoided crossing over their neighbors properties.
They were well armed with pistols and hunting knives since they knew they could encounter danger anywhere in the colony. Everyone traveled heavily armed whether they were going to churchin fact, a recent general law had been enacted that required that at least one member of every family should bring with him a fixed gun with the necessary amount of powder and shotor to the monthly council meeting or even to go visiting since there was a wide variety of wild, dangerous animals that roamed the woods and farm lands: bears, buffalo, wild boar, wolves, foxes, badgers, lynx and bobcats. And they also never knew if there might be a stray savage or two sneaking around, ready to strike a single Englishman unawares.
The weather remained clear and fresh. They traveled slowly so as not to overtire the horses and they took this rare opportunity of unhurried togetherness to talk and reminisce, to reveal new dreams and plans for the future, and to breathe in the cool, clean, late October air, savoring the scent of an occasional stand of pitch pine trees mingled with the odors of the horses and old leather. And every once in a while, when the wind died down and it was very quiet, they heard the calls of wild turkeys and rustling of squirrels and chipmunks among the undergrowth.
They stopped a time or two to relieve themselves, to rub some circulation back into their backsides, to stretch their sore legs and to allow Robin to run and jump and release some of the pent-up energy of an active two-year-old. They also stopped to drink cold fresh water from a small, swiftly running creek and to eat the leftover corn cakes from breakfast and fresh apples that Mrs. Chilcott had so thoughtfully packed for them.
Jamie had worried somewhat that Robin might be a problem on the trip, but actually he added an element of fun and freshness to the journey. Watching him watching everything around him brought a new appreciation of this land to Jamie and Robert. Robins initial fear of being so high off the ground had abated quickly with the feel of his fathers strong arm around him and his fathers solid, warm body at his back. Roberts fear of Robin falling off the horse had been abated by the tough rope that had been tied snugly around the two of them, lashing them together so tightly, Robin couldnt have moved if he wanted to.
All the questions that Robin had asked about the horses when they had first arrived were asked again and again: Horseys names? Pisador and Penny. Horseys boys like me and Daddee and Unkie Jamie? One of each, Uncle Jamie was riding the boy; he and Daddy were riding the girl. Horseys eat grass? Yes, they also eat oats, straw, carrots and apples. And then there was the excited finger pointing and constant questions about birds and flying bugs and trees and plants and small animals as if he had never seen any of them before in his own back garden. But of course he had never seen any of them before from the back of a horse and this made them appear new all over again.
But towards the end of the journey, around mid-afternoon, Robin became drowsy and his head started to nod sleepily from the excitement of the ride and from being with his father and uncle on this grand adventure. Jamie and Robert exchanged contented grins, grins that grew wider when they finally emerged from the last copse of woods to the sight of Tylers fields, the brilliant sun shining full and warm on their upturned faces.
We made it. Jamie said, raising up in his saddle in satisfaction and patting the neck of his fine stallion. Yes, they had made it on these two fine animals without any mishaps and Jamie breathed a sigh of relief. He didnt know what he would have done if something tragic had happened.
Yes, we did. Robert responded. Im proud of you, Jamie, for getting us here safe and sound. I admit I had a few concerns.
Jamie threw his brother a surprised look. You never said a word, except about Robin falling off the horse.
I didnt want to ruin your fun, but this was a nice change of pace. I think Im going to like having horses again.
I already do! Jamie laughed.
Robert laughed with him, then looking out towards the fields, said unnecessarily, a tinge of melancholy in his tone, It looks the same.
Well, I should think that it wouldnt change that much in a month. Jamie said dryly.
The land was flat enough here that they could see nearly all the fields spread out on either side of them to the north and south, some fields that had been harvested already of corn and tobacco and other smaller fields of wheat and barley.
When Tyler and his family had first been granted this land, there had only been a few acres that had previously been cleared and cultivated by the natives. Since then, over the years, about three dozen more acres had been cleared with the help of neighbors getting together for chopping bees. It was laborious, grueling work, but the wood was not wasted and more cleared fields meant more tobacco, and tobacco was the money crop. Most of the land was dedicated to it, although some farmers were now realizing that it was also smart to grow grains and other crops.
They guided the horses along the edge of one tobacco field, their hooves clomping slowly and softly through the red clay soil of Virginia. The stubs of the tobacco plants were brown, dried out and withered, the stems having been cut in late August and the plants hung to dry until the middle of October.
Both Jamie and Robert knew firsthand the grueling, demanding labor involved in the cultivating of tobacco; the sowing of tiny seeds in late February in seedbeds, then the transplanting of the seedlings in early April, then the continual cleaning of worms and other pests, the weeding, the pruning all throughout the hot summer months. And then the final cutting in August, hanging the plants to dry until October and then the stripping of the dried leaves to pack them in hogsheads. They had both learned the process in this very field and Jamie remembered what an excellent student Robert had been. Robert had loved the experience, working right alongside the other servants for hours and hours, sweating in the heat and humidity, even when he didnt have to.
Jamie also remembered visiting Robert the first year Robert was married and living on his new plantation. He had been amazed when he had seen what Robert had accomplished, planting and tending ten thousand plants on three acres of land all by himself! (Well, he did have occasional help from two of Tylers servants that were lent to him three days a week.) This had produced approximately fifteen hundred pounds of tobacco. If he had sold his tobacco to the English, he would have only been paid 3 pence a pound, but selling to the Dutch, he was paid eighteen pence a pound. When Jamie had gone to live with Robert after Roberts wifes death, they had planted six acres of land, doubling their profits.
As the brothers and Robin moved deeper onto the property, the house, yard and outbuildings came into view. Over the past fifteen years Tylers holdings had increased considerably from the three hundred acres he had originally been granted. His contacts in London had allowed him to quickly establish himself as a merchant/planter and he had become rather prosperous. And over the years his associations with several prominent members of the Council had also allowed him to increase his holdings and profits.
His plantation was one of the largest in the colony with significant tobacco, corn, wheat and barley fields, a small orchard, a middling kitchen garden and surprisingly, a small silk-producing operation. He was one of the few planters that could afford a modest stables, separate quarters for his indentured servants, several smoke sheds and other outbuildings including his merchant store and large silkworm house. The main house was still quite small with only six rooms, three downstairs and three up. Originally it had been built as a typical one and a half story structure, with two rooms downstairs and two up, divided by a center hall staircase. It was only when Jamie and Robert had joined the family that a two story addition had been constructed at the back of the house to be used as the kitchen and the room above as a bedchamber.
The scene ahead was as lively as a May Day festival. The brothers could see many of the guests, clustered in small groups, talking, laughing, and gossiping. Perhaps a dozen children could be seen running and playing and if one looked in just the right places, pairs of teenagers could be seen flirting and cuddling. Two columns of smoke rose high in the sky, one from the kitchen chimney, another from a pit that had been dug into the ground and was being used to roast a whole boar and a haunch of venison. One of the indentured servants, nicknamed Jack, stood tending the fire and the meat. He was a tall, naturally muscular man with tanned skin, sweat-soaked black hair pulled back in a tail and dark brown eyes that missed nothing. He was wearing buff breaches that were a little too snug and a grubby linen shirt that had seen better days. His calves and feet were bare and very dirty.
They also recognized John Pawley, the chirurgeon from James City County, a meticulous man of average height with a surprising amount of strength in his arms and hands, which came in handy when the need to amputate arose. Both Robert and Jamie were personally acquainted with the man; three days after Robert had injured his leg and when it had appeared that there was no hope of saving it, he had been sent for by Roberts wife, but Jamie had kicked him out and against Kathleens will, had gone himself to fetch Mistress Warren, the woman who dealt in herbs and lay healing, and brought her back to Robert. At the time, Pawley had been highly insulted and predicted that Robert would suffer a horrible, drawn-out death, but after Robert had recovered, he had actually admitted he was glad he hadnt had to perform the crippling operation.
Now he stood around the fire with Thomas Harrison, the minister, a spare man with sunken eyes and cheeks, who would rather pray than eat. His somber gray doublet and breeches hung from his skin and bones body. Harrison had come to the colony with righteous intentions of saving the natives and rearing their children in proper English fashion, and several times a year he would go deep into the territories attempting to spread the word of God, but few listened, much to his dismay. Together the two of them were standing with Jack and engaging him in conversation.
And then as Jamie and Robert got closer to the main house, they saw Walter Newberry, one of the servants who helped in Tylers stables, appear from the privy. He was a funny-looking young man with dirty blond hair kept tied back with a leather thong, small, squinty hazel eyes, a bulbous nose and small, round ears that stuck out like little bear cub ears, but he was one of the best stable boys that Jamie had ever known. Walter was also wearing buff breeches and a course linen shirt, but his looked newer and cleaner. And he was wearing an old pair of boots, considerably worn and scuffed, but at least they afforded him some kind of protection around the horses. Now he stood apart from everyone else, trying not to show his excitement, waiting eagerly for them to near.
The brothers also noticed Roger Wentworth, their good friend, who was the county court clerk of Charles City County. He had just emerged from the back door of the house, staggering and removing his linen collar and waving it in front of his face. His skin was flushed, and he looked like he was about to expire from the heat, but then he spotted the brothers and stood in silent awe for a moment, taking in the sight of them on the horses, before smiling and waving enthusiastically.
Jamie laughed, but Robert said grimly, Were not going to get in unnoticed, are we?
Did you think we would? Jamie asked, returning the enthusiastic wave. The rest of the crowd all turned to watch them ride in, impressed and excited by the magnificent horses.
I was hoping. Rob responded, but he was also smiling at Roger, whom he hadnt seen in several weeks.
The crowd stayed back as the boys rode to the back of the house. They needed to be as close as possible to the back door because of Roberts bad leg and the sleeping little boy. Robert said he wanted to take Robin directly upstairs without having to maneuver through the guests in the front rooms.
Once at the back porch, Walter moved in to hold the horses bridles as Jamie dismounted first. The young servant was successful in being as inconspicuous as possible, keeping his gaze directed at the horses, not at the gathering guests. He was also successful at keeping the horses calm which both Jamie and Robert noticed with satisfaction.
Everyone was smiling and oohing and aahing, and Robert watched with pride as Jamie was immediately congratulated with hearty pats on the back and quick hugs and kisses. They had all known how hard Jamie had worked to obtain these horses and all were genuinely happy for him.
Jamie, my boy, these are magnificent animals!
They are just beautiful, Master Bassett.
James, my lad, congratulations, you must be very pleased. They are quite wonderful.
When do we get to see them race?
Will you race them against Francis horses?
Jamie just smiled politely and thanked them for the compliments but inside he felt like he was ten feet tall.
All the attention was not for Jamie and the horses however. The crowd hadnt overlooked Robert and Robin. Jamie chuckled silently to himself knowing how Robert hated all that attention.
No one had seen Robert or Robin in over a month and all were so pleased to see them. The women especially commented on how big Robin had grown and showed satisfaction at his obvious sound health.
He is quite the big boy, isnt he? Cathy Bennett commented. She was a mother herself, a demure woman wearing a sedate gown of cobalt blue.
Such a sturdy looking lad. Cornelius Clements added.
And almost as handsome as his father. Eliza Williams commented suggestively. She was a widow at thirty but still quite attractive with platinum blond hair and an unmarked face. She wore a revealing, low cut gown of ruby red embroidered with gold thread, obviously meant to attract the opposite sex. She had already buried two husbands, increasing her wealth with each marriage, making her a highly desirable choice for an ambitious man, and while she suspected Robert would not be interested in her, it never hurt to try. A young man might live long enough to take care of her in her old age.
Just as Jamie had done, Robert gritted his teeth, smiled politely and murmured his thanks. He also exchanged warm greetings with the men from atop the horse. Until Jamie could take Robin, he couldnt dismount.
But it was Roger who was there to take the boy after Robert untied the rope and handed him down. Being a father of two little daughters and his wife heavily pregnant with their third child, Roger had efficiently taken his collar and laid it over his shoulder before settling Robin onto it. The boy whimpered a little, and, just as Roger had expected, Robin rubbed his face on that shoulder, leaving a slimy smear of drool and snot.
Sorry. Robert said with an embarrassed smile.
Worry not. Roger reassured him. Im used to it. And he efficiently wiped the boys face with a handkerchief he pulled from his sleeve, then refolded the collar over and laid it back on his shoulder, clean side up, all the while soothing the boy with nonsensical murmurings.
Ready, Rob? Jamie asked. He had already taken Roberts stick from a loop attached to the saddle, the walking stick that Jamie had carved for him after Roberts initial accident, and handed it to Roger, who took it without question.
The process of getting Robert off the horse was more difficult than getting him on the horse because he would have to swing his right leg over and land on it, which he couldnt do because it hurt too much. But as much as Robert hated doing this in front of this crowd of people, he managed somehow to successfully dismount. And he didnt even fall on his arse!
* * *
Much to Roberts relief, half the crowd, mostly the men, left with Jamie and Walter as they led the two horses to the stables. Leaning heavily on his stick, to the other half Robert asked to be excused, explaining he needed to put his son down to nap. They murmured their understanding and left Robert and Roger alone.
Once they were out of earshot, Roger was the first to speak, a huge grin on his face, his brown eyes twinkling. Almost as handsome as his father! He imitated Eliza Williams in a mock contralto. Then in his normal voice, he said, By Jesus! You need to stay away from that one!
Now you know why Ive been avoiding social events like this one.
Robert stated.
I understand completely, but I am so glad you decided to come today. Tis so good to see you, Rob. Roger was still holding Robin, nevertheless, he reached out with his free arm to hug his friend.
The two men embraced warmly, although awkwardly, little Robin getting squished in the process.
Im hugely glad to see you too, Rog. Robert said, with genuine affection. Roger had been a good friend for the past three years, probably his best friend, other than his brother, Jamie. He was several years older than Robert, married with two children already, but it was their common backgrounds that had given them a feeling of understanding and brotherly love, and Robert couldnt help but be naturally drawn to this friendly, good-natured young man.
Roger was dressed in an immaculate black velvet doublet with slashed sleeves; his snowy white shirt was full with voluminous sleeves that ended in layers and layers of lace and fluff. His breeches were black velvet also, decorated with ribbon down each side seam and tied at the knee with ribbons of gold. Silk stockings and pewter-buckled shoes completed the outfit. With his thick, sable hair flowing to his shoulders and his pointy little Van Dyke beard, he was the quintessential gentleman.
What were you escaping from? Robert asked, with an amused smile. Jamie and I saw you nearly fall out the back door as we were riding up.
The heat and the smellPhew! Roger exclaimed. I daresay half of the male population of the colony is in that house, and most of the fools are already soused and betting their fortunes away on a single game of dice. Damned fools. He repeated, shaking his head. Both of them could hear the noise coming from the open windows of the house, endless talking, laughing, even some singing and everyone eating and drinking profusely.
Robert dreaded having to meet that crowd. He snorted. And perfect gentlemen all of them. He mocked.
Ha! Roger snorted as well, but smiled nevertheless, causing creases to appear on either side of his mouth like parenthesis. Well, perhaps I should not be revealing this, but at least they all paid their taxes this year and paid their tithes to the minister.
Then his voice lowered. Lets have a seat here and let me hold the boy for a while longer. He certainly has grown since the last time I saw him. Robin was still asleep, his thumb firmly planted in his little mouth. Roger continued, mild censure in his voice, You should have allowed Jamie to bring him to church this past month, since youve developed a distaste for that particular institution.
You know my reasons. Robert answered with a wry smile. Eliza Williams and the like, remember? And I will not burden Jamie with my son. He said, climbing painfully up the two steps onto the porch. Robert didnt want to admit it, but he was grateful to Roger for holding Robin. He could barely manage the steps, his leg was that painful.
Hurt your leg again? Roger asked, concerned, once Robert sat down heavily on the bench.
Tis merely a sprain. Robert dismissed it, hoping that was the truth. He stretched his bad leg straight out in front of him and bent to try to massage the ankle through the leather of his boot. It wasnt doing much good.
You know, Rob, you really should obtain some servants of your own to do that work for you. Look at meI barely lift a finger at my plantation, other than to pick up my quill to record my profits in the ledger books.
Robert snorted. You may be able to fool someone else with that lie, but I know you, Roger. Your skin is as brown as mine and you cannot stand to keep your hands out of the dirt. You work as hard as I do and you love it, the same as me.
Roger laughed. Youre right, of course. I do love it, but that does not mean you have to do it all by yourself. If you want your profits to increase, you will need servants.
Why should I spend my own money on purchasing servants when I can just borrow Franciss? Robert quipped.
Roger frowned at him censoriously, but said nothing. The look said it all.
All right. Robert said, teasing Roger a little. Since youre so jealous
Hah! Roger scoffed.
Did Jamie not tell you? I took on a servant just a fortnight ago. Hes a young lad about sixteen years; he hails from Itchington outside of Bristol and hes been most cooperative. Luckily he hasnt given us any trouble yet, and I do not believe he will.
He could be deceiving you. Roger warned. You can never trust any of them. They always try to run away at least once. Did you bring him with you?
No. Robert said, annoyed at Roger. He didnt need Roger to tell him how to handle his servant. He knew that several of the men and their families did travel with at least one of their servants, either to keep them close by or to serve them, but Robert spurned this idea. He didnt need his servants help away from his plantation. No, I didnt think it was necessary. Besides, where would he run to? Hes not familiar with the landscape yet and I doubt he would try to run away after only being here for two weeks.
Well, I hope for your sake youre right. Tis such a nuisance to have to go look for them; it wastes so much time and then, of course, you have to punish them. He does know about the punishments, does he not?
I informed him when he first arrived, the possibly of a whipping, a branding, and doubling his length of service; and I reminded him again right before Jamie and I left. He seemed sufficiently subdued. But enough about my servant He said, tiring of that line of conversation. How have you been, Roger? Jamie has given me your regards, of course
Roger interrupted him. You know, I wish you wouldnt isolate yourself so much, Rob. Tis not good for you to hide yourself away at your place and work yourself to death every day of your life. Youre still young
Now Robert interrupted his friend. He knew Roger meant well, but this was the kind of mothering he didnt want. Please, Roger, I do not need another keeper. Tell me how Nicole is and your two little ones. Where are they, by the way?
All right, Rob. Roger capitulated, Ill leave you alone. As for Nicki and the children, theyre at home. He answered, adjusting the little boy on his shoulder. A strand of Rogers hair must have tickled Robins nose because quite impolitely, he chose that moment to sneeze all over Rogers shoulder again. But Roger didnt bat an eye. He just wiped the lads face again with a clean corner of the handkerchief, refolded it again and resettled the boy on his shoulder.
You do that so well. Robert observed with an affectionate smile. Nicole is lucky to have you.
Roger just scoffed at Roberts compliment. No, I am lucky to have her. He stated emphatically. You know she is too far long to travel.
Cant you leave the poor woman alone long enough to give her a rest? Robert teased.
Tis not only me! Roger took offense. Then with a satisfied smile, he said, Shes a wild cat, she is.
And who ever said one could not find love with his wife? Robert asked wryly.
I believe it was my father who told me when I was the tender age of twelve that marriages were made for increasing your holdings and for procreation and continuing the family line, which must never be allowed to die out, heaven forbid; and that mistresses were made for pleasure. Little did he know that I would not be valuable enough to attract a suitably affluent prospect. Roger said derisively.
Little did we know that any of us would be here, whatever our circumstances.
True. Roger said somberly. And then he gave up that line of conversation, realizing that Robert had suffered worse indignities and misfortunes than himself. By the way, have you met Thomas Brooke and his wife yet?
You know I havent. Ive been hiding myself away and working myself to death lately, remember? Robert quipped.
Roger had the grace to look contrite. I do apologize. Please forgive me. You know they have only just arrived a few months ago. Theyve been staying with the Gilberts in Jamestown. Their estate in England was overrun and ransacked by a regiment of Cromwells army and they barely escaped with their lives. They had to flee quickly and consequently lost everything. Mistress Brooke is nearly mad with grief. He said, shaking his head sadly.
That is truly a shame. Robert murmured. For just that moment Robert thought about Wesley and Brentwood Manor. Was Wesley an ardent royalist and would they lose their ancestral home? As much as Robert hated his older brother, he didnt want the estate to be lost. Queen Elizabeth had granted his grandfather that estate after he had served her for many years as a member of her Privy Council.
I fear that will be the way of things for as long as this troublesome business continues. Roger predicted.
Have you heard from any of your brothers or sisters lately? Robert knew that Rogers oldest brother was a supporter of King Charles and had inherited the family home when Rogers father had died when Roger was thirteen years old. Like Robert, Roger was a younger son, the fourth and youngest of sons in a family of four boys and four girls. His sisters had all made excellent matches and were married to prominent noblemen, his oldest brother held the ancestral title of Earl, and the other brothers were well established, one as a physician, the other as a career soldier. There had just been enough funds left to see to Rogers education and a final allowance which had paid for Rogers passage to Virginia, along with three indentured servants, one of whom had become his wife. Roger had decided to take his chances in this new world rather than settle for what was left for him, a life among the clergy, (which definitely wasnt for him), an apprenticeship to a silversmith or an apothecary or some other dreary occupation in some dreary little corner of London. No, Roger had wanted to own his own land and make his own destiny. And he had done well for himself and his wife, a woman who he loved and would have never been able to marry in England.
I received a letter from my brother, John, two days ago. He wrote to tell me that William was wounded in the battle at Exeter fighting with Prince Maurices troops. That was on September the sixth. He could be dead now and I wouldnt even know it. He said softly, staring off into the distance.
I am sorry, Roger. Robert squeezed Rogers forearm in sympathy.
I shall probably never see any of them again.
This startled Robert, this sudden, unexpected melancholy on Rogers part. Roger had always been the optimistic, cheerful one; the one who went through life looking on the bright side, smiling, laughing, playing with his children wholeheartedly, and loving his wife unashamedly.
But what could he say? It was probably true. People died so unexpectedly and so suddenly. And very few people made a return voyage to England. One day Robert would love to show Robin the home of his birth, but he doubted that would ever happen. He would even like to see it again himself, but definitely not while Wesley was there. But maybe you will one day. He said gently, just for something to say.
Roger smiled warmly at him. Youre a good friend, Rob. And then he took a deep breath and said, If you do not mind, I think I shall go see those magnificent horses of your brothers. Then he lowered his voice, as if revealing a great secret. You helped him purchase them, didnt you? He asked, already suspecting the truth.
Robert just shrugged his shoulders. With a little smile, he said, What are big brothers for?
Roger just shook his head at him. Does he realize how lucky he is?
He does. Robert answered simply, remembering how Jamie had practically kissed his feet when he had offered to partially finance the purchase of the two horses. Owning and keeping horses was a pure luxury and without Roberts help, Jamie would have had to wait at least two more years to start to fill his stables.
Im glad to hear that because you did him a great favor. Roger said emphatically, making Robert chuckle to himself. Can you handle Robin or do you want me to carry him inside for you?
Just let me stand up first and then Ill take him. And Roger He placed his hand on Rogers shoulder. William will be fine.
Thank you, Rob. Robert said with a nod of gratitude.
* * *
Robert entered the back door straight into the kitchen where he was hoping he wouldnt meet up with any of the guests. And just as he had expected there were only two people in the room; Maureen, his sister-in-law, and the female servant, Sally. Both of them were at the opposite side of the kitchen, facing away from the door. Maureen was filling pewter mugs with ale from a small keg on the sideboard and placing them on the tray that Sally was holding.
The sight of the back of Maureen always shocked Robert for a split second; she resembled his late wife so much from that position. Both were petite, at least a foot shorter than Robert, slim in the waist and curvy in the hips. The color of their hair was almost identical, a rich dark brown; and Robert remembered how much he used to love to bury his nose into Kathleens hair right at the nape of her neck, right after she had washed and dried it by the fire. It had smelled so fresh and clean andHe had to stop thinking of that. Robert knew she was gone forever, just as he knew Maureen would never replace Kathleen. Maureen was his sister too and she was very much married with four young children.
Nevertheless, caught off guard, the grief of missing his wife washed over him as it had so many times before. It wasnt as bad as it used to be those first few months, but he wondered if he would ever be able to remember her without feeling some pain. Probably not, but it was good to see Maureen again despite the memories she invoked in him.
He had always gotten along with her. When he and Jamie had first arrived here as bedraggled youths she had followed her fathers gentle ways and treated them like brothers. There had been no jealousy or resentment, and Robert would always be grateful to her for that.
Ill be right with you. She said, over her shoulder, but didnt look back. Obviously she had heard the two thumps from Roberts stick as he had only taken two steps into the room.
However, Sally did take a peek over her shoulder. Her face lit up when she saw him and she opened her mouth to say something, but he wanted to surprise Maureen so he quickly put a finger in front of his lips to keep her quiet. She closed her mouth, nodding a little so as not to alert Maureen. She turned back to her duties, trying to suppress her smile.
Robert waited patiently, taking off his hat and hanging it on a peg by the door before leaning against the doorjamb to give his leg a rest while Maureen continued with her task. Thankfully, Robin stayed quiet too, laying his head on Roberts shoulder, sucking his thumb.
And then she turned around and saw him. Her eyes went wide and a broad smile bloomed on her face. He couldnt help but smile in return. It was so very good to see her again; he didnt know why he had stayed away so long.
She quickly ordered Sally to return to the guests and then she moved towards him, her arms outstretched.
Robert! She shrieked. I am ever so glad you came! Weve missed you terribly. Father will be quite pleased, and look at little Robin. She exclaimed. He has gotten so big!
Robert felt an immediate surge of compassion and concern for her. Even though her face was alight with pleasure at the sight of him, her happiness could not hide the dark circles of tiredness under her eyes or the wilting state of her hair-do. But that didnt slow her down. She reached up on her tiptoes to kiss his clean-shaven cheek and he hugged her tight with his free arm, saying, I have missed you too, Maureen. And then because he hadnt been here for so long, he said politely, Youre looking well.
Me? She scoffed. Liar! If you think Im looking well then I think youve been without a woman too long, Robert.
He stiffened, ready to defend himself. Actually it hadnt been that long, only a month, but she didnt know that.
Not expecting a response, she immediately reached for the little boy, cooing, Come here my baby, come to Auntie Mo. Thats itShhhtis all right. She murmured when he started to whimper. Let us take him upstairs where he can nap with my brood. She said, after she had taken Robin into her capable hands.
Now Robert did respond, becoming the younger brother again. I was only trying to be polite. To be honest, you look a little tired. Are you all right?
Thats more like it. She laughed, smiling into his eyes. I am tired, but I shall be fine, especially when everyone goes home. But what about you? She asked, noticing how he winced when he put his full weight on his leg and that he was using his cane. Did you hurt your leg again?
Tis probably nothing more than a sprain. I twisted it last eve when I stepped into a rabbit hole. He didnt mention anything about falling off the horse.
Come upstairs and Ill take a look at itif you can manage it. She said with a teasing smile.
I can manage it, and I can probably still beat you too.
She laughed gaily. He had taken the bait. If I wasnt carrying Robin, Id take you up on thatIs he weaned yet? She asked suddenly. Robin was still squirming and whimpering, rubbing his face on Maureens shoulder, displeased with the juggling and being passed from one person to another when all he wanted to do was sleep. I could feed him to settle him down, you know. I have plenty of milk since my Thomas hasnt nursed in over three hours.
Ah Robert was a little startled by the shift in conversation. Not quite yet, but he seems to be losing interest. Abby still nurses him before bedtime and again in the morning. She spoils him, you know.
I doubt that. But Ill give him a try; see if he takes it. She said, proceeding to climb the stairs, shushing and comforting the little boy with pats on his back and soft, soothing words in his ear.
Robert tried his damnedest to follow right behind her, but he had to grit his teeth with every step on his bad leg. Maureen was already at the top of the stairs when she turned around to see him gripping the handrail with one hand and holding the knob of his stick so tight with the other that his knuckles had turned white. Even though she could see that he was in considerable pain, she knew he wouldnt want any sympathy. With an impish tilt to her head, she called down, Im beating you.
He looked up at her with a wry smile. Ill give you this one. Next time thoughgo on, Ill meet you in your old room.
Are you sure? She asked, concerned.
Im sure. He said through his teeth. His leg ached so badly now he could barely put any weight on it. And it irked the hell out of him to be so lame again.
All right. She said, knowing his pride. And she disappeared down the hall.
By the time Robert arrived, Maureen was sitting on the edge of the massive paneled bed, Roberts little boy at her breast. He stopped short in the doorway; he didnt think he should watch, but he wanted to. He could just imagine how it would have been if his wife had lived. They would have looked like this, Kathleen and their baby, their sonhe grieved again at what he had missed.
Robin was lying on his side across her lap, his legs curled around her body, almost looking too big to still be nursing. She was humming a sweet song Robert didnt know and she was stroking his sons blond curls. Her face was suffused with love and contentment. He had never seen her so peaceful before. She was fairly glowing as she watched her sisters son, and with the lightest of touches, she traced his fair eyebrows, his eyelashes, his baby soft cheeks and then the delicate line of his small ear. The little boy was so sleepy and content, he didnt move at all, except every few moments his blue eyes would open to try to focus of Maureens face, so trusting and innocent; but then they would close again as they grew heavier and heavier. His mouth was fused tight around her nipple and at first he had suckled vigorously, then slower and slower as her milk came in and he grew sleepier and sleepier.
Do come in, Robert. Maureen said evenly, without reproach.
He jerked as if spooked and his cheeks burned with embarrassment. And he was more than grateful to her for not lifting her gaze. She probably had known all along that he had been watching but she had allowed him that private time to share in the moment without shame or embarrassment. She kept her head down to give him time to compose himself.
He slowly limped to the foot of the large bed. This was the bedchamber where Maureen and Kathleen had slept when they were growing up. There was the large oak bedstead in the center of the room that they had shared, the velvet bedclothes still looking luxurious despite their age. There was a large intricately carved, oak chest on the other wall, three modest trunks that Robert didnt recognize, a wash stand with bowl and pitcher, one oak wainscot chair and a stool. There were velvet curtains on the two dormer windows and two small woven rugs, one on either side of the bed. Tyler had indulged his daughters as much as he could when furnishing this room.
I am sorry, Maureen. Forgive me for staring. He said softly.
She just smiled sadly, still cuddling the boy, still stroking him. And then he saw a single tear appear at the corner of her eye and slip unheeded down her cheek. She didnt brush it away; she welcomed the feel of it as she lamented, I only wish
She didnt have to finish the sentence. Robert swallowed a lump in his own throat, knowing exactly what she wished. Hadnt he wished for the same thing a hundred times before, wished that his wife had never died, wished that she could have held her son thusly, wished that she could have watched her son grow? And then the anger returned and he pressed his lips together and his hand clenched into a fist. And hadnt he cursed God a thousand times over for taking her away from him and her little boy?
The lad had finally fallen completely asleep, his mouth going slack, her wet nipple slipping from his foamy milk-covered lips. Maureen efficiently covered herself with a towel she kept handy at all times, saying, Robert, take him please and lay him down. Hes gotten so heavy.
Robert was right there, lifting Robin easily so Maureen could get up. She adjusted her bodice with her back turned to Robert as he settled Robin on the bed next to Maureens three-year-old boy.
She said, Promise me you wont keep him away so long. I miss seeing him grow.
I promise.
Three of her four children were napping in the room, her five-year-old daughter, Martha, was sleeping on the trundle bed while the two boys, three-year-old Phillip and ten-month-old, Thomas, slept on this large bed in the middle of the room. Tis a miracle they havent woken up, Robert thought. Maureens seven-year-old daughter, Mary, he assumed was downstairs with the female guests. How did you manage to get them all to lie down at once and actually go to sleep? He asked with some wonderment in his voice.
She chuckled. Little Thomas fussed all last night, keeping us all awake. Hes getting another tooth. Do come and sit down now, Rob, and let me look at that leg.
He knew he couldnt stop her. She was the kind of woman who took care of everyone else and received pleasure from it. She was made for mothering, for serving a husband, for managing a household and she was exceedingly good at it.
After he sat in the only chair, she sat on the small stool, facing him. How is father? He asked.
She frowned, her fingers gone still in the act of pulling Roberts boot off. He is not well at all. Looking up at him with sad eyes, she said softly, Im worried, Robert, extremely worried.
Has he been sick for long? Have you sent for anyone? He asked, concern creasing his brow.
Doctor Harris came yesterday. Maureen answered. He treated him with an emetic, then bled him. And he bled him again this morning, but it seems not to have revived him.
He bled him twice! Robert cried, outraged. That no-good, filthy idiot! You know how I feel about that!
Shhyoull wake the children. Maureen warned him, her voice hard. And what does it matter how you feel, you havent been here to care for him, have you? She ended on a cruel note.
Roberts shoulders slumped. Im sorry, Maureen. Youre right. I am sorry. He repeated, lowering his voice, looking over at the children to make sure they were still sleeping. They were. In a more controlled voice, he asked, Did the doctor even say what he thinks it is?
He believes it is an ague, possibly the nervous fever. She answered. Then more contrite. Im sorry for snapping at you, Rob, and Im hugely glad you came today. Tis just that I am so afraid
I know, I know. Robert said, leaning forward to squeeze Maureens hand. Then he sighed, saying, I do wish Mistress Warren hadnt had that awful accident. Maybe she could have helped. She saved my life, you know, when my leg was so badly inflamed and I was delirious with fever. Robert had always respected Beatrice Warren with her gentle ways and her herbal remedies. She would be sorely missed.
You do not know that for certain. Maureen disagreed, but was kind about it.
I have always trusted her more than any doctors here. Robert said emphatically. He particularly didnt like the greasy-looking Doctor Harris. The man was never clean and always smelled of stale sweat and dried blood. Robert would rather put himself in the care of the natives than allow that man near him.
I know, but father never believed in her potions and nostrums, and you know that some thought of her as a witch.
Roberts eyes opened wide. You do not suppose someoneset the fire, do you? Of course he had heard about the fire from Abigail and how David Bennett had discovered the smoking remains of her home when he had gone to procure some potion for his wife. The woman had been barely recognizable, her body found by the fireplace. But whether a witch or not, no one deserved to die like that.
Maureen looked sad; she had already thought of that. I hope not she said softly. But you know how some people are.
Did her brother come today? Robert asked.
She nodded. Hes here. I think he came to listen.
Ahh. Robert said, understanding.
Yes. Maureen sighed.
There was a moment of silence as Robert remained thoughtful, his mind remembering the small, neat two-room home where Beatrice Warren had lived, her herbs and plants hanging from the open rafters and over the fireplace. She and her brother, Thomas, along with Thomas wife, lived on the south side of the James River on land that adjoined the original tract of land that had been granted to John Rolfe when Rolfe had married Pocahontas. And just this year Thomas had bought that property from Rolfes son and was building a brick house fifty feet in length.
Robert could still picture the pixie-like woman as he had last seen her, her black hair covered by a kerchief, dirt smudges on her cheeks, her green eyes the same color as the leaves of the Culvers root plant that she was holding in her hand. She had been a wonderful friend to Abby and to himself. And she had taught them wonderful things about healing with plants and unconditional love, but not enough. He hadnt learned enough to satisfy him or to ever be as effective as she was in healing. And now she was gone, just like that. He shook his head dolefully.
I should say a few words to Tom, I suppose. Robert said, after a while.
Im sure he would appreciate that.
But first I need to see father. I shall go visit him as soon as you finish with my leg. Is he in his bedchamber?
He is, but hes resting. Do wait for him to send for you before you go in.
All right. Robert said, knowing she knew best.
Maureen pulled off his boot then with some effort and Robert gritted his teeth in pain. His hands clenched on the arms of the chair, but he didnt make a sound. She then peeled his stocking down to reveal a severely swollen ankle. Robert! She gasped. This is serious.
It did look bad, but Robert wouldnt admit it. I doubt it. He said with a shrug. I do not think its broken. Tis probably just a sprain.
Let me make sure it is not broken; then Ill wrap it for you.
He closed his eyes as soon as her warm, surprisingly strong fingers touched his ankle. She felt along the bones of his foot and ankle, pressing into his swollen flesh, causing him to gasp a time or two. Then she massaged his calf, running her fingers along the six-inch scar that disfigured the side of his leg.
It was quiet in the room except for the childrens breathing and the muffled noise from the merriment below. And it was very easy for him to imagine that the fingers touching him were Kathleens. After the accident that had injured his leg so severely she had been the one to massage the muscles in his calf and sooth the constant ache just as Maureen was doing now. He was enjoying it too much and almost in a dream state when Maureens voice startled him out of his memories.
Youre right, Rob, it appears not to be broken.
His eyes flew open and he could feel his face flush.
She just laughed at him. You were enjoying that too much. Now we shall see if you can be so relaxed when I wrap it up tight. She teased.
He watched her as she went to the chest, opened the lid and pulled out a folded square of clean linen from a large pile of folded linens. She was going to wrap his ankle with a diaper, he realized.
Youre not using that! He said, aghast.
Do not be ridiculous! Tis clean. She said, holding the cloth open for him to see. See? No stains, you big ba..by. She drew out the word, teasing him again with a little smile that made her eyes glitter like the young girl she used to be before her marriage to Phillip Archer. She proceeded to tear the linen into several strips and then sat down on the stool again.
I am not a baby. Robert grumbled, offended.
She just laughed again. Oh Robert, you were always so easy to tease. Now hold still. She grabbed his foot a little too roughly, lifted it to her lap and started winding a strip of cloth tightly around his ankle.
By Jesus, Maureen! He gasped. Have a care, will you?
She just smiled again, that serene little smile that had always infuriated him when they were younger. He gave up then and just let her do her work.
I assume you havent met Elizabeth and Evelyn yet. She said conversationally, winding the cloth tightly around his ankle and crossing it over his foot and back.
Who? He asked stupidly.
She tutted at him. Our newly arrived cousins. Really, Robert, where is your mind?
Sorry, he said. I wasnt thinking.
That was obvious. She said sarcastically.
He made a face at her. Then he asked, How are they? What are they like? He remembered Jamie asking him almost the same question this morning. He wondered if his assumptions were right.
Well, they are amazing, actually. Maureen smiled broadly, showing her delight in them.
I guess Im wrong, Robert thought.
Maureen continued, They look so much alike, it is unbelievable, but I really shouldnt be that surprised. And theyre just as sweet as I remember them.
Robert frowned. Just as you remember them? He asked.
Oh yes. If you recall, father and Uncle Bernard, their father, had a business together and we lived next door to each other. The summer they were born I was seven years old. All of us, mother, father, Kathleen, Uncle Bernard and Auntie Jeannette had already left London to spend the summer months at the country house we shared in Lambeth, you know to get away from the plague in the city
Yes, I think I do recall you talking about that house years ago.
I loved that house. We had a back garden to play in with lots of flowers and big trees She sighed wistfully. Anyway, they were born in the month of July and poor Auntie was in labor for almost two days. She had an awful time and nearly died giving birth to those two precious babies. But the three of them lived and the twins thrived. Even then they were so identical they tied a pink ribbon around Elizabeths tiny wrist to tell them apart.
I cant imagine. Robert said, slightly fascinated.
They were two years old when we left London for Virginia. I missed them terribly, watching them grow, watching how they interacted with each other. They were so uniquethey are so unique. She corrected herself with a smile. And very beautiful too. She added, secretly hoping that Robert and Jamie would find them just as attractive.
Are you suggesting something? He eyed Maureen coolly.
No. She said innocently.
Good, because I am not interested. He declared, knowing perfectly well that she was indeed suggesting something. But I know I should meet them and welcome them to the family. Are you done yet? He asked, testing the security of the bandage by flexing his foot, which he couldnt do because the wrapping was quite tight.
Keep still! She scolded. Just let me tie the ends, then well go downstairs and I shall introduce you to them. Where is Jamie, by the way?
Stabling the horses.
Oh, I reckon Ill see him later then. But before we go down let me give you some clues on how you can tell them apart.
Im going to need clues? Robert asked, startled.
Yes, I told you they are completely identical. I warn you, you will be shocked.
All right. Robert said, not totally convinced. He had never seen any twins before but he couldnt believe that two people could be that identical. Tell me.
Well, you wont be able to tell them apart by looking at their faces, at least the first time you meet them, so I would suggest you remember the color of their gowns. Evelyn is wearing a green gown and Elizabeth is wearing a blue one. Also Elizabeth has a small brown mole on her neck right about here. She said, touching her finger to a spot on her neck slightly below her right earlobe directly under the curve of her jaw.
Robert followed her finger noting the spot on her neck. He also noticed that her shawl had slipped off her shoulders when she had been pulling his boot off. And she must have absentmindedly shrugged it completely off to tend to him. She had also unconsciously pushed her hair back off her shoulders and as he was taking note of all these facts, he saw mottled bruises and what looked like small bite marks at the base of her neck where it met her shoulder.
He was shocked and angered. What had happened there? He wasnt sure if he should say anything; she would tell him it was none of his business. But he couldnt let it go. If Phillip had hurt her, he wanted to know about it.
Maureen. He said.
She looked up, frowning a little at his serious tone. And then she followed his eyes as he deliberately looked at the bruises. Immediately a flush started at her chest and rose up her face. She was embarrassed! Robert was shocked even more. Her one hand came up to cover the marks while her other hand groped for the shawl which wasnt there any longer, she realized with a start. She could have cursed herself for forgetting her presence of mind to let that shawl slip. Please, Robert She said, her eyes downcast.
Did he do that? Did he hurt you? He asked.
No, you do not understand. She said, her face nearly as red as a beet.
Maybe he didnt understand. He certainly didnt understand what she had to be embarrassed about. All he saw was that Phillip had hurt her, had manhandled her enough to bruise her. With a quiet intensity, he said, I am going to kill him one day.
Her head snapped up. No, you will not! She said with steely determination. He is my husband and the father of my children. You misunderstand.
Youre right. I do not understand. He certainly couldnt understand why she was defending Phillip. Phillip had hurt her. The evidence was right there on her neck! But wait. He had a sudden thought. He had heard of some people who enjoyed a little pain during intimate relations, who liked it to be wild and rough. But Maureen? His gentle and loving sister-in-law? No! He hurt you.
Their conversation ended there. Quite suddenly, out of the normal sounds of the party going on below them, they heard two sets of footsteps coming up the stairs, one very loud and angry-sounding, taking the steps two at a time, the second set following behind, trying to keep up. And then Jamies voice yelling, Phillip, wait, youre drunk!
I will have my wife now! Maureens husband bellowed.
Robert looked at Maureen, his eyes grim; she was embarrassed anew! Why must he do this now? She whispered.
Ill keep him away from you. Robert said, pushing himself up from the chair. Damn, what a time to have a bum leg! Now he only wished he could keep standing, but the strapping did seem to help a little.
No, I shall go to him to keep the peace. And she started to stand.
Robert grabbed her arm. No, Maureen, I will not let him hurt you again.
Please, Robert, tis not what you think! Let me go!
This is what Phillip heard and how he saw the situation when he burst into the room: Roberts hand on his wifes arm, her pleading with him to let her go. Eyes burning with misguided jealousy and his mind enraged by drink, he bore down on Robert in three strides ignoring Maureens frantic words. Phillip! No! You misunderstand!
Robert was confused; he had known this man for the past nine years and there had never been a quarrel between them. He knew that Phillip, when drunk, was a beast, but why would he suddenly and inexplicably be jealous of him? It didnt make any sense.
Phillip! Robert said sharply, but that was all he got out before Phillip grabbed him up by his shirt, yelling in his face, Stay away from my wife, you rutting pup.
The alcohol fumes from Phillips breath nearly knocked Robert flat and he turned his head aside just in time to miss getting a fist in the nose. Instead it smashed into his cheekbone, splitting the skin over the bone like a knife cutting into a ripe peach. Robert fell to the floor in a heap when Phillip let him go.
Maureens husband was not as tall as Robert, but he was stocky, with bulky muscles that made him as strong as an ox. He was a handsome man in a gruff sort of way, with thick wavy brown hair, heavy eyebrows over piercing brown eyes, a square face and a strong jawline.
As a young boy from a struggling, impoverished family, Phillip had been one of those hundreds of boys that had been spirited away by ruthless kidnappers, lured onto ships sailing from the London docks to supply the endless need for cheap labor in Virginias tobacco fields. Abused in more ways than one, he had grown up tough, angry and determined. His unbreakable will had kept him alive when many, many others had died from disease, exhaustion and despair. He had been a frightening fellow until the one day when he had met Maureen and she had seen something in him that no one else had bothered to look for.
But here he was again, drunk, mean, aggressive.
Jamie burst into the room then, too late, but he grabbed Phillip from behind anyway. Phillip shrugged him off as if he were a pesky fly. The children woke up en masse, the younger one whimpering, the older girl, eyes wide with shock, whispering, Mama?
Stop, Phillip Maureen cried. Oh do stop being so unreasonable. We were only talking; I havent seen him in a whole month.
Phillip made a derisive noise, throwing her a mean look. He was breathing hard, the liquor coursing through his body eliminating any and all sanity from his brain. He grabbed Maureens arm like a vise and growled, You will come with me now.
But Robert wouldnt let him take Maureen. He made it to his feet, ignoring the pain in his ankle, and wiped the blood that was running freely down the side of his face on his sleeve. I should just kill you now, you filthy bastard. Robert said, launching himself at the drunken lout in front of him.
No! Maureen cried out, stepping quickly out of the way.
Rob Jamie burst out, but it didnt stop the two men who had crashed to the floor with grunts and murderous thoughts on their minds. They rolled and punched, wrestled and scratched, bloodying and bruising each others faces. Robert knew he had to keep Phillip on the floor, his leg couldnt hold up to an upright fight.
The children were wailing now, and Maureen, knowing she couldnt do anything about the two children on the floor, went quickly to the bed to try to comfort them any way she could.
Jamie grabbed hold of the back of Roberts shirt to try to pull him off Phillip but Robert, in the process of trying to dislodge Jamie, jerked his elbow back, catching Jamie in the face, bloodying his nose and bringing tears to his eyes.
All of a sudden a gunshot shocked them all into statues. The round, lead ball hit the ceiling with an explosion of plaster, wood splinters and plaster dust.
Francis Tyler stood in the doorway with the anxious little doctor beside him, providing support. Tyler looked like an apparition, clad in nothing but his long loose nightshirt, his face as pale as a ghost. His white nightshirt was spotted down the front with nasty brown stains and one sleeve had a large, rusty-colored stain on it. The doctor, his own clothes stained and grungy-looking, looked like he was about to have a fit. He had tried without success to prevent Tyler from getting out of bed and he wasnt having much luck convincing Tyler to return to bed now.
Tyler was shaking from anger and illness, the smoking pistol held loosely in one weak hand, the other gripping the doorjamb. Then he let the pistol slip from his weak fingers and it dropped like a rock, landing on the floor with a solid thud. You boys He said with a surprising amount of strength tinged with disgust. Do get up and get out of this house until you learn to conduct yourselves as gentlemen. I will have none of this despicable behavior in my home. His voice weakened at the end as if the disappointment of seeing his son-in-law and his adopted son going at it sapped all the strength from him.
Several sets of footsteps sounded on the staircase in response to the gunshot and Tyler was quick to call to Jamie. But his voice was a weak whisper when he spoke. Jamie, hurry downstairs and reassure everyone that everything is in order here. Then youll need to help Maureen with the children.
Yes, sir. Jamie answered automatically, and quit the room to meet the excited herd that was swiftly approaching.
I will help her. Phillip said to his father-in-law as he stood up slowly, brushing his brunette locks back off his face and straightening his clothing. He swayed for an instant, but caught himself, holding onto the bedstead. They are my children except the one. He glared down at Robert then who was still struggling to stand. You take care of him. My wife has enough to do.
Agreed. Robert said, finally making it to his feet. His whole body hurt now, not only his sore ankle but his face, his head and his hands. Blood was still dripping down the side of his face from the cut high on his cheekbone, and it felt like his lip might have been split too, but he felt a measure of satisfaction when he saw Phillips battered face. He was only sorry he hadnt been able to wring the bloody bastards neck.
With one boot still on and one bare foot, Robert limped painfully to the side of the bed where Robin had been sleeping peacefully just moments ago. Phillip moved aside to let him pass and he picked up his little boy, who was staring at him with frightened eyes. But at a few soothing words from Maureen and a few from Robert, the boy allowed himself to be carried out of the room and into the bedroom that Robert and Jamie had shared when they were growing up.
Once there, away from everyone else, he let out a sigh and lowered his aching body down on the homemade quilt, bringing Robin with him. He held the boy for a few silent moments, patting his back and murmuring endearments into his ear. It wasnt too long before Robin settled down again, his thumb in his mouth, his cries slowing to hitching breaths.
Robert couldnt believe what had just happened. He closed his eyes and sighed. He knew that Phillip, when drunk, had a tendency to become totally violent and unreasonable, but he would never have believed that he would be the target of that violence and unreasonableness. They had always been civil to each other before, although they had never formed a close friendship or a familial bond. Robert knew of Phillips unfortunate background but that had never softened him enough to prompt him to become buddies with the man.
Something must have happened during this last month to make him so blindly jealous. He wanted to talk to Maureen about it, but he feared he would have to stay away from her for the time being as much to protect her as to protect himself. He didnt like it but he had no choice. He sighed again, took a look at his scraped knuckles, then licked his split lip. Welcome home, Rob. He whispered sarcastically to himself, letting his hand drop tiredly to his side.


Chapter Four: The Bad and the Beautiful

A quarter of an hour later, Jamie and a cleaned-up, but sore Robert, made their way downstairs, slowly and clumsily, Roberts one arm around Jamies shoulder, his other hand holding his stick. Robert knew they would all be waiting like vultures; after hearing the racket from upstairs and the gunshot, they would all want to hear every gory detail of the fight.
While Robert had been resting on the bed and before Jamie had come in to tend to his cuts, he had heard Phillip and Maureen, along with their three children, descending the stairs, the little one screaming, the two older ones silenced by a few stern words from their father and then the barrage of questions that had been peppered at them. But Phillip had been a man on a mission and with extreme rudeness had ignored them all, shouldering aside men and women alike as he firmly guided his family out the front door and presumably, Robert thought at this point since he could no longer hear their progress, off to their own home which was only a five minute walk up the river. Robert had to hand it to the man; despite being highly intoxicated and beaten bloody, he had gotten out of there without a comment and then, presumably if he could keep his children out of the way, still had enough stamina and equilibrium to make love to his wife, or more truthfully, Robert admitted to himself revising his previous thoughts, having forced relations with his wife. He will answer to me one day, the lousy sot!
The gentlemen had indeed been waiting, although without bated breath, the time spent eating, gossiping, gambling and most definitely, drinking. But they cheered energetically enough when the boys made their way into the keeping room.
The oak board table, laden with food and drink, along with the benches and a few stools had all been pushed against the walls, leaving the room clear for the mingling guests. It was into this space that Robert and Jamie were immediately steered, surrounded by the classless crowd of very drunken and jovial men.
Robert recognized most of the citizens of James City County, after all, he and Jamie had grown up here, had gone to church with these people and had even visited many of their plantations and farms with Francis Tyler, but since his move to Charles City County, he hadnt seen many of them for quite some time. Now Robert associated with the citizens of that county: the church, court sessions and militia meetings being much closer to his home than the town of Jamestown.
Robert guessed there were thirty or so men crammed into this 12 ft by 24 ft room. He recognized the honorable Captain John West, still looking fit at 53, who had once been the governor of the colony and was now the Muster General and Marshal. West was standing with two well-dressed men Robert didnt recognize. Most likely they were new to the colony and had come at Wests persuasion.
Then there were the Yeardley brothers, Francis and Argoll, two men that Robert respected and felt he could call friends. Argoll was just five years older than Robert, but he was already a member of the Council and a justice of the peace. He was also the one who had introduced Robert and Jamie to the Dutch traders. Robert wasnt surprised to see them standing with Secretary Richard Kemp, a man of considerable means, and Ralph Wormeley. All four men shared the same political views and business ventures.
Towards the back of the crowd he saw a tight little group of Councilmen; William Claiborne, Samuel Mathews, Richard Bennett, George Menefie and William Pierce. Robert stiffened a little when he saw them. These men were good friends and business associates of Francis Tyler and it had been assumed that the brothers would follow in Tylers footsteps, sharing the same political views and business ventures. Robert felt the same respect that he would always have for them and as with Menefie, he wanted to remain on good terms with the lot of them. While Robert didnt have any political aspirations himself, he could still learn much from them. They had all been in the colony for many years and each had thriving plantations and controlled the trade with England. Robert knew it would be foolish to alienate them, but by associating with the Yeardley brothers, he feared he might have already done that.
Not all the men in the room were prominent figures in society though. The majority of them were small landowners: 100, 200, 300 acres. Robert nodded to Edward Morth who owned only 100 acres, then Henry Tompson who owned one hundred fifty, and then there were Francis neighbors, Bennett Freeman and William Beard. Edward Cole, a former yeoman in England and now a middling planter, was among the men and next to him was John Bishop, who was a member of the House of Burgesses. John Pawley and Thomas Harrison had returned to the house with Jamie after settling the horses in the stables and they were here now. Robert also recognized Alex Brett and Anthony Browne, men who had been indentured servants, now free and small planters. Thomas Warren was also in the room, a drink in his hand, although his eyes were clear and watchful. Robert reminded himself that he wanted to say a few words to him, to offer condolences and whatever assistance that might be needed. There were some new faces that he didnt recognize, men who must have arrived during the past three years since he had moved away. He wondered if Jamie knew them, but that really didnt matter. There was no doubt in his mind that he would soon be introduced to them.
And then Robert caught sight of Roger in the far corner of the room talking with, surprisingly enough, Thomas Rolfe, Powhatans grandson. Thomas was an exotic mixture of English and Indian, but had grown up in England and lived his life as an English gentleman. He was a constant curiosity in the colony, but well-respected. Everyone knew the circumstances of his extraordinary birth twenty-eight years ago; how his father, John Rolfe had married the Indian Princess, Pocahontas, after she had converted to Christianity and had changed her name to Rebecca. He had been born in the colony but had traveled to England with his parents when he was only about a year old. After his mother died in England, his father left him with Sir Lewis Stuckley until his fathers brother could take over his care. His father had always intended to bring him back to the colony, but John Rolfe died before that could happen. When Thomas was approaching the age of twenty, William Pierce paid for his passage to Virginia and Thomas settled on his fathers lands on the south side of the James River opposite Jamestown. Having recently sold this land to Thomas Warren, he now lived on the thousands of acres of land that he had inherited from his grandfather, Powhatan. He was doing very well; he was married to Jane Poythress and Robert wouldnt be surprised if a child was in their near future.
That was probably what the two men were talking about. And thinking about Nicole and Jane prompted Robert to wonder where the women were, the wives and daughters and the very few single women, whether widowed or innocent. And where were the guests of honor, his fathers nieces? With the women, most likely, probably in the drawing room. He noticed that the men were so loud he couldnt hear a sound from across the hall. Just as well, at least for now he wouldnt have to put up with their smothering murmurs and coos of sympathy and concern.
But he reminded himself that he still had to meet the twins and that he mustnt forget what Maureen had told him about the color of their gowns. Elizabeth, blue, Evelyn, green, Elizabeth, small mole on her neck. He had related this information to Jamie as well, so he would also be able to tell them apart.
And just as Roger had mentioned earlier, the room stank of stale sweat and roasted meats, onions and turnips. And it was stifling in the room despite the open windows letting in the late October breeze.
The brothers suffered through loud greetings, bone-crushing handshakes, pounding slaps on their backs, quick hard embraces and kisses to their cheeks. Robert was congratulated on his swollen cheek and black eye after he answered their questions just enough to satisfy them, and then pewter cups were pressed into their hands just as John Ewens shouted, To the Bassett brothers and their fine horses!
To the brothers! The men repeated, their cups held high.
Drink up, lads. You have some catching up tdo. Edward Sparshott slurred as he filled his cup from a dark green glass wine bottle. Sparshott was a middle-aged gentleman, but still fit and energetic. He was a planter, but also a surveyor of the highways. He was a boisterous fellow, arrogant and proud. But now his hazel eyes were bloodshot, his graying lovelock hung in his face and his shirt and doublet were untied and gaped at his neck, but no one cared. This was a time for celebrating.
An answering roar went up and everyone drank deeply, smacking their lips and sighing appreciatively afterwards.
Both boys took their drinks unawares. And instantly choked, sputtered and gasped, the raw liquor burning all the way down their throats. The men guffawed at their reactions. The Yeardley brothers came up from behind them and pounded them on their backs.
Jesus! What is this? Robert managed to gasp, looking into the cup as if the liquid might turn into a snake and bite him. He thought they were all drinking wine from the look of the bottle in Sparshotts hand.
Tis ambrosia on the tongue. Argoll commented, sighing. He then emptied his cup in one swallow.
Compliments of Sir Sparshott here. John Ewens said approvingly. He was also similarly disheveled as Sparshott and half the gentlemen in the room. Robert fit right in with his torn and blood-spattered shirt.
I made it, boys. Sparshott said proudly. Corn whiskey, that is what it is. Unlike anything in England or Scotland. A little young yet, but with some aging it will be superb one day.
Here! Here! Several shouted out.
More, more! Others shouted, laughing uproariously.
And while another bottle was passed around, Robert attempted another sip. It certainly was potent. It stung the cut on his lip but this time he drank more cautiously and managed to get it down without choking. But he still felt it all the way down his throat and into his stomach where it landed like a little ball of fire. Christ! He swore again, forgetting completely that there was a minister in the house that could be witness to his profaning the name of God.
But Samuel Mathews hadnt forgotten. He had maneuvered his way through the crowd to stand beside Robert with the original intention of saying hello. The Yeardley brothers melted back into the crowd, leaving room for their adversaries. Watch your tongue, lad. Mathews said quietly, but firmly. He put his arm around Roberts shoulders and gave him a little shake as if Robert were still a child. Your father would be most displeased with you.
And you do not want to risk Harrison hauling you down to the church and putting you in the pillory. That was from George Menefie who had also moved next to Robert. But despite his words there was also the slightest teasing glint to his eyes and the smallest of smiles on his lips.
Robert couldnt help but smile in return. Thank God Menefie was only teasing him. It was true that not only could he be hauled down to the church and put in the pillory but he could also get fifteen stripes across his bare back. But who was here to stop him from swearing and who was here to stop them all from drinking and gambling and raising hell? The Governor wasnt here and even if he was, Robert didnt think that would make much of a difference.
Governor Berkeley and the House of Burgesses had already tried to enact statutes to restore English standards of rectitude and behavior without success. With everyone so far removed from everyone else, it was almost impossible to monitor peoples behaviors.
Robert gladly shook Menefies hand when Menefie offered it. Conversationally Menefie said, How are those apples? And the trees?
Delicious, sir, and the trees are all planted and waiting for spring. Robert responded politely. Sometimes he still felt like a child among these men. This was one of those times.
Menefie turned to Mathews to explain. Robert transplanted a dozen of my youngest apple trees onto his property two weeks ago. Then he turned back to Robert. Remember, it will be years before you get a decent amount of fruit.
Yes, sir, so if it is agreeable I would like to continue to barter for them. Robert said formally.
Of course, of course. Menefie smiled amiably. But this is not the time or the place for business, son. Menefie waved his hand to get the attention of Sparshott. More drink for the lads! He shouted.
Sparshott instantly came forward, another bottle in his hand, a huge smile on his face. He was more than willing to share his bounty with all. Once the men developed a taste for it, they would want more and more, and soon he would have a thriving business supplying everyone with his famous corn whiskey.
But Jamie wasnt so inclined to try the newly-distilled liquor again. It was just a little too strong for him. Robert saw the sick look on his face, but Robert also knew that it would be considered an insult if Jamie refused a second drink. He knew Jamie would have to be very careful.
Sir Sparshott, my compliments. Jamie said politely, nodding his head respectfully. But if you do not mind, sir, Ill stick with beer myself.
Sparshott just laughed and clasped Jamies shoulder and shook him roughly but affectionately, which nearly knocked him over, despite the fact that Jamie was at least four inches taller than the older man. The man was a bear. Cant handle it, huh, boy? Thats quite all right. Youre just a pup yet.
Robert hid his smile in his cup. He knew Jamie would be burning with embarrassment.
Sally! The man roared without warning and Jamie jumped. Roberts smile disappeared at the sound of Sparshotts voice. He didnt like it when crude men ordered other peoples servants around.
Sally came rushing in, looking haggard. She had been told, unbeknownst to Robert, to mind the guests and get them anything they wanted, but God, they were running her ragged.
Yes, sir. She panted, her face flushed. She was nearing the end of her term and was looking forward to the day when she could marry Anthony Browne and run a household of her own. Robert knew she was eagerly counting down her last six months.
Get this young laddie a beer! Sparshott bellowed.
Sally, you do not have to. Jamie said quickly, seeing how tired she was. He had two good legs and he had never asked a servant to do what he couldnt do himself. Ill get it myself.
No, you will not! Sparshott declared, roughly grabbing Jamies arm, effectively stopping Jamie in his tracks when he had started to move away.
Robert automatically stepped in, while the rest of the men stilled. Robert wanted to stop this before it went any further. And he never thought for a moment that Jamie might not want him to interfere. He had always cared for his younger brother and he always would. He had also noticed how worn out Sally looked and while she had served both the boys while they had been occupants of this house, they had never taken advantage of her. Robert wasnt going to let this boor do it either.
Robert had never liked Sparshott and didnt like the way he was treating either Sally or Jamie. He wasnt going to allow the fact that Sparshott was his elder and had come to the colony as a gentleman of means to stop him from standing up for his brother and for Sally. Sparshott was also a second son and Robert knew all about second sons; bitter and resentful of a system that denied them the right to inherit the family title and the family estates. Wasnt Robert a second son himself? There were many second sons in Virginia trying to recreate their own English estate; isnt that what he was doing? But some of them took it further than just obtaining land and building a new family dynasty; some of them, like Sparshott, tried to throw their weight around, tried to use their family name to push other people around. But at this particular time in a land where hard work and favorable weather were more important than someones background, those old class distinctions with all their privileges were diminishing.
Yes, he will. Robert said quietly, almost friendly-like, but the message was clear. He didnt have the same care in trying not to insult the man. Purposefully he laid his hand on Sparshotts where it gripped Jamies arm. Now He continued, his voice still quiet, but firm. you will let go of my brother and you will allow him to get his own beer if he so desires. And you will tell Sally she is not needed here.
The room went perfectly quiet for a moment while Sparshotts and Roberts eyes met. There was a definite challenge on both their parts, but one that would not be called upon. Robert could feel Sparshotts wrath like a burn on his flesh. He knew Sparshott probably would have liked to blacken his other eye right about now. He had challenged the man in front of the entire population of James City County. Oh well, he would probably never get another drink of that fine corn whiskey ever again!
So it was quite surprising when Sparshott relented after those first few minutes of tension. In the blink of an eye his whole attitude changed. Sparshott may have been a boor, but he was not stupid, and he knew Francis Tylers home was not the place to put this young upstart in his place. All right, all right, Bassett. He said easily enough, removing his hand from Jamies arm and holding it up in front of his body, fingers spread slightly as if in surrender. No need to be hostile. Jamie, my lad He addressed Jamie with a polite nod. you are free to get your beer if you like, and Sally He turned to make a small bow to the servant who was still hovering in the doorway. You are free to return to the kitchen. Does that meet your satisfactionboy?
Yes. Robert said through gritted teeth. He didnt like the way Sparshott had said boy but he would let it end there. Thank you, sir. Robert responded grudgingly.
At your service, sir. Sparshott responded evenly.
Robert didnt miss the hint of mockery and resentment in Sparshotts tone, but he chose to ignore it. He turned to the relaxing crowd. Now that the small altercation was over the men could return to their festivities. Robert knew that at other times the men would have enjoyed a good fist fight or a bit of swordplay. And that might still happen between these two; one could always lay a wager on it.
Robert decided this was a good time to remove himself from the situation, and he hadnt even greeted the women yet. As much as he dreaded facing half of them, it could not be avoided. He also wanted to meet with Thomas Warren before the man departed. Gentlemen, if you will excuse me, I must pay my respects to the ladies. Please continue to enjoy yourselves for as long as you like.
As he turned to leave, Menefie grabbed his arm, stopping him, and in a low voice said, Be careful, Robert. He wont forget this.
And hell want satisfaction. This from Mathews.
I shall be careful. Robert said, acknowledging their concern with a nod.
As Robert made his way through the rest of the crowd, limping and leaning heavily upon his stick, he was surprised and quite pleased at the support he received from the majority of the men. As he walked by, hands reached out to squeeze his shoulder or pat his back or touch his arm, and soft warning words were whispered into his ear. Watch you back, Bassett. Be careful, Robert. Take heed, son. He acknowledged them all with a grave smile, polite nods and murmured thanks.
But before he went through the doorway, he caught Warrens eye and nodded to him. Warren guessed correctly that Robert had something to say to him and thoughtfully moved to stand by Robert, so Robert wouldnt have to come to him.
Ive just recently heard about your sister, Tom. Im so very sorry. I had great respect for her. Robert said sincerely.
I know you did, Rob, and Im grateful. Thank you for your kind words. Warren responded. He was still grieving for his sister and he looked tired and pale despite his dark complexion. Like his sister, he also had glossy black hair and soulful brown eyes and for a passing moment Robert wondered who their ancestors might have been.
Robert laid a comforting hand on Warrens arm, saying, If you need anything he paused, then lowered his voice and changed his words. If you need any help, just let me know.
Warren nodded, acknowledging Roberts meaning and with a serious look on his face said just as quietly, I will. Thank you.
Robert returned the nod, squeezed Warrens arm and then made his voice louder as he said, Twas good to see you again, Tom. And again, my condolences.
And Robert left the room.
Once out in the hall, Roger put his arm around Roberts shoulder and pulled him close, startling him a little. Robert hadnt realized Roger was waiting for him. Youve made an enemy today. Roger said, low into Roberts ear. That was foolish of you.
Robert bristled. What the hell was I supposed to do? He hissed at Roger, not wanting to draw attention.
You should have allowed Jamie to handle the situation. Hes not the immature child you and that oaf in there think he is.
Just at that moment Jamie emerged from the kitchen. He was drinking long and deeply from a Boarderware drinking jug. When he finished he let out a sigh and wiped his mouth on his sleeve. God, I was thirsty! He said emphatically. The small beer he was drinking was a watered down brew for everyday use, water really with just enough beer in it to kill the bacteria.
Robert looked at his brother. Could he have handled the situation? Well, he would never know now and he had possibly made a very dangerous enemy. Not his brother, but he could see that Jamie was none too pleased with him either.
Jamie took two strides which brought him directly in front of Robert. Why couldnt you have stayed out of that? He demanded, anger and hurt in his voice. I swear, Rob, you would keep me in petticoats if you could.
Im sorry, Jamie. Robert said, completely sincere. But when he grabbed you like thatyou know how much I want to protect you.
Jamie rolled his eyes, catching sight of Rogers amused smile. Ill never be free, will I? He addressed Roger with a little smile.
Roger chuckled. No, Im afraid not. Forever in petticoats. He said, squeezing Jamies shoulder in mock sympathy.
Then quite unexpectedly, they heard singing coming from the withdrawing room. Robert listened in awe. A clear, beautiful soprano voice that he had never heard before held him spellbound. The voice was like an angels.
Who is that? He asked reverently.
Go look. Roger said with a smug smile.
Robert peered at Roger for a moment wondering what that look meant, but Roger was closemouthed. With an annoyed snort Robert joined his brother who had already moved to stand in the doorway.
Ah, what a beautiful sight! Robert didnt even know his mouth was hanging open until he felt Rogers forefinger applying an upward pressure under his chin. He snapped his mouth shut in embarrassment as he threw Roger an indignant look.
Roger grinned at him. Amazing, isnt she? He said in a knowing whisper.
Who is she? Robert asked in a hoarse whisper, staring at the girl as she stood straight and confident, calmly singing to the group of ladies who were watching her in wonder and admiration. Ive never seen her before.
I havent either. Jamie whispered, just as entranced.
She is one of Francis nieces.
Elizabeth. Robert breathed, remembering the blue gown. Maureen had told him that the twins were amazing and beautiful and now that he saw Elizabeth for himself, he had to agree. She was very lovely with her heart-shaped face, creamy complexion, and hair the color of a ginger cat tumbling down her back. Her hair was not done in the style of the day, just pulled back to hang down her back in cascading waves. It made her look like a twelve-year-old girl even though he knew she was a seventeen-year-old young lady. He watched her rose-petal lips as she sang and when she opened her eyes, since she had been singing with them closed at first, he saw that they were a striking emerald green. I shall give her the emerald ring to go with her eyes, he thought. Now where had that thought come from?
Yes. Roger said, looking surprised that Robert would know. How did you know?
Robert just waved his hand, not wanting to explain it right now.
Roger continued, See the other one sitting beside her?
He waited while they looked and nearly laughed out loud at their expressions. It was a shock for anyone who had never seen identical twins before. Roger had, back in England, cousins of his, years ago, so he wasnt as stupefied.
Oh my God! Robert exclaimed in a low gasp.
Holy Christ! Jamie whispered, his eyes nearly popping out of his head.
Have fun, boys. Roger said with a grin.


Chapter Five: Getting to know you

The applause was thunderous and the compliments were even more ebullient. Elizabeth accepted them with grace and humility. The women and girls were clustered around her, praising her singing with wide smiles and words of delight, and a few of the older ladies even had tears in their eyes.
After hearing the commotion upstairs and worrying over who had done what and then being told by a random gentleman that there was nothing to worry about, Evelyn had suggested to Elizabeth that it might be soothing to the ladies if she sang for them. Elizabeth had agreed that that was a wonderful idea and had chosen a few, popular songs that she knew would please everyone.
It was a success; the ladies had forgotten all about the noisy disturbance upstairs. And it had been a nice change for the twins as well. Their cheek muscles had begun to ache from all the forced smiling and they were tired of all the small talk. Their gracious hosts, Phillip and Maureen Archer, had introduced them to every man, woman and child in the entire colony, it seemed, and that was quite a number of people! No one appeared to notice the absence of Francis Tyler; they were all too fascinated by these two identical, lovely young women. Elizabeth and Evelyn had been welcomed with warm smiles and polite words, but they had also been stared at in amazement, ogled and fawned over by a dozen or more bachelors and widowers, and scrutinized and studied behind spread fans and cupped hands.
They ignored it all they were so attuned to it.
After the formal introductions, they had been seated in the withdrawing room and had been served full plates of delicious food and a goblet of fine French wine. They had answered scores of questions about their lives in London and about London in generalpeople were always hungry for any information or news from their homelandand were getting so tired, they didnt think they would be able to wait for the arrival of their cousins.
But then the racket had started, startling them out of their boredom and giving them a second wind.
The applause and compliments died down and Evelyn was just about to rise and excuse herself when both sisters caught movement in the doorway. The plump and matronly Mrs. Jenkin, who had mothered them for most of the morning, now greeted two young men, who stood side by side and could pass for twins themselves.
Robert and James! She said, quite loudly. How wonderful to see you!
Elizabeths mouth dropped open and her gaze automatically went to her sister, who also had a look of shock on her face, but growing excitement. Evelyns hand grasped Elizabeths arm.
Tis them! Evelyn whispered, squeezing her sisters arm. Our cousins.
Mon Dieu, Evie Elizabeth whispered back. Tis him!
What do you mean? The one in your dream? Evelyn continued to whisper to her sister, holding her elaborately painted silk and ivory fan spread open in front of her mouth.
Yes.
Which one?
The taller one.
Oh my! Are you sure? asked Evelyn, eyes wide.
Yes. Elizabeth said somewhat reluctantly. Despite the bruised face and swollen eye, she could see that this man was definitely the man in her dream.
She almost couldnt believe what she was seeing: two young men who she knew to be brothers, (that was so obvious, one would have to be blind not to see it,) and knew to be the adopted sons of her uncle, looking like ruffians, or at least the one who had been in the fight looked like a ruffian. And he was to be her husband? She was both horrified and fascinated.
He had a nasty cut on his cheek, his eye was swollen and he was not even respectably dressed. He was merely wearing his shirt, fawn-colored breeches, stockings and boots. His shirt, she could see that it had been clean at one time and was made of a good quality linen, had been torn and spotted with blood stains now dried to a rusty brown.
The other brother was dressed more appropriately. He was wearing breeches and a doublet in a sage green camlet, quite pretty actually, with slashed sleeves and braiding down the buttoned front. His soft leather boots had been folded down to show the ribbons at the knees of his breeches and the lace-edged boot hose. His face was in better shape, only his nose was swollen.
The girls, sitting next to each other in proper chairs by the fireplace, watched as the two brothers looked through the crowd of women directly at them. The rougher one nodded at them and looked like he was going to come greet them, but Mrs. Jenkin stepped in his way.
It has been so long since weve seen you, Robert. How have you been? She asked. The parchment-like skin around her eyes and mouth crinkled as she smiled up at him, indicating her advanced years. Her teeth were not good and her hair was streaked with silvery strands, but her gray eyes were lively and full of love for this favorite young man.
Manners intact, Robert smiled warmly at the older woman and greeted her with an affectionate hug and kiss. Afterwards, Jamie responded in kind.
They saw us. Evelyn whispered, unnecessarily, behind her fan. She watched intently as the greetings took place and Elizabeth matched her interest.
I know. Elizabeth whispered back, quite intrigued. The one who had nodded hadnt taken a double take or stared or acted like anything was unusual. And that was unusual.
They look ratherrough, wouldnt you say? Evelyn said.
Hmm hmm. Elizabeth murmured, not taking her eyes off the taller brother.
By this time the mass of women in the room had deserted Elizabeth and Evelyn and had surrounded the two brothers and Mrs. Jenkin, but it was Mrs. Jenkin alone who had gained the coveted position between the brothers, threading her arms through theirs, her lace-veiled head barely reaching their shoulders.
Well, they were certainly popular, Elizabeth noted. The women practically threw themselves at them. She remembered Maureen telling them that Robert and Jamie were quite popular with all the women of the colony whether they were single or married. Their good looks were obvious, all blond and blue-eyed and tanned, with charming smiles and friendly visages. They had established themselves as kind and charming gentlemen and with their small plantation they would make any woman a fine husband.
Of course, Elizabeth understood that now that she was seeing them in the flesh. They were quite handsome, even the one with the bruised face, and they were wonderfully tall and finely-made. She could also see, but with some difficulty through the mass of women, that they were bracing themselves for the outflow of motherly and adoring attention. It was quite amusing to watch them put on their best polite smiles as they tried not to offend any of the solicitous ladies.
Oh my poor boy. Mrs. Jenkin was saying, looking up at Robert with grave concern. She skimmed a gnarled finger over his cheek and jaw. Look at you, Robert, you poor, poor lad. Of course, we all heard the noise of the struggle upstairs.
Yes, it must have been awful for you said another grandmotherly type with graying hair.
Oh that beastly Phillip Archer said a fiery red-head with worshipful green eyes. She was unfortunately married to a man ten years her senior and quite unsatisfied. That was one piece of gossip Elizabeth had preferred not to hear, but it seemed the woman didnt care if the whole colony knew about her disappointing intimate life.
I do not know what.. began her companion, but was interrupted.
Ladies, please, I am perfectly fine. Robert said quickly with a charming smile. He was smart not to offend them or to allow any slanderous talk to continue. Really, I am.
From the back of the crowd two young, teenage girls, standing with their heads close together giggled behind their glazed paper fans. He is so perfect. The mousy-hair one whispered, but loud enough for Elizabeth and Evelyn to hear.
And perfectly fine for me. Her friend said with a sigh.
Elizabeth noted them with a touch of sympathy. He is already taken.
Well, if you say so. Mrs. Jenkin said, although she didnt sound convinced. She turned her attention to Jamie. And you, James, how are you, my darling boy? Were you injured as well? She asked, peering at his swollen nose.
This scene was too funny. Elizabeth almost burst out laughing at their discomfiture. She had to quickly turn away and hide her face behind her fan. Evelyn caught her eye and was nearly in hysterics as well. But the brothers were doing a marvelous job of bearing it all, Elizabeth thought.
Poor boy. Darling boy. Evelyn whispered in mock imitation, still behind her fan. She treats them
as if they were ten years old. Elizabeth finished Evelyns sentence.
The taller one is Robert. Evelyn said, still in a whisper.
I know. Elizabeth whispered back. The mystery was solved. Here he was, the man in her dream. In her dream he had been healthy and whole; he had been strong and virile; and he had been very handsome. He may not look like that now with his battered face and lame leg, but she knew Robert was the one she was destined to marry.
So that means the shorter one is James. Evelyn said unnecessarily, staring at him over her spread fan.
It seems so. What do you think of him?
I like him. He has lovely hair, like thick, flowing honey. Evelyn sighed. Robert does too.
I see that! Elizabeth glanced at her sister with a small smile. I remember that from the dream.
So do I!
Shhh. Theyre coming closer.
Elizabeth sat up straighter in anticipation of the coming introductions. She straightened her collar and smoothed her skirt unnecessarily. Beside her Evelyn gently touched her hand, stopping her nervous movements. Twill be all right. She whispered.
And then the brothers were before them, their tall figures impressing the girls.
Robert was the first to speak. Mistress Elizabeth: He said, perfectly composed and acting the perfect gentleman. He looked directly at her, his hand extended to accept hers except she had been momentarily thrown off balance. He knew her? He knew which one she was? He could tell them apart?
He waited patiently, a polite smile on his face and finally after Evelyn nudged her, Elizabeth placed her fingertips on his. He bowed over her hand and placed a gentle kiss on her smooth skin. She felt the warmth of his lips for only a second before he released her hand and turned to her sister. Mistress Evelyn He said, now addressing her twin. He repeated the gesture and Elizabeth watched in stunned silence as he continued, Tis a pleasure to finally meet both of you and Im sorry Jamie and I werent here earlier to welcome you.
That is quite all right, sir. Evelyn said, smiling prettily and eyeing Jamie. And this is your brother, Jamie? She added, boldly.
Elizabeth stared at her. She stared at them all. She felt so stupid. Robert had managed to do something that no other man had ever done before. He had been able to tell them apart from the moment he had met them. How had he done that? Even Evelyn should have been shocked, but instead she was accepting Jamies greeting with poise and grace.
She should be able to do the same. But Robert was watching her with a sparkle in his eye and the most devilish of little smiles. What did he know that she didnt?
We are indeed happy to meet you two as well. We have heard so much about you. Evelyn said, Wont you join us for some refreshment?
We would love to. Jamie said quickly, glancing at his brother. Robert nodded his agreement and Jamie continued, Ill get two more chairs.
Mrs. Jenkin just stood aside, a satisfied little smile on her face.
Before Jamie could fetch the chairs, however, the servant, Walter, came up beside him, looking decidedly nervous. Master James He said urgently, hiding his dirty hands behind his back.
What is it, Walter? Jamie snapped, clearly annoyed at being interrupted, but then he seemed to register the fact that Walter appeared to be very worried about something. His voice changed dramatically as he asked, Is there something wrong with the horses?
Well, sir, if you will come with me quickly, sir He shifted his weight from one foot to the other.
What is it? Have the horses been injured? Jamie demanded, becoming impatient.
Please, Master James, you must come with me now to the stables; there is he hesitated, throwing a worried look at the girls. Elizabeth wondered what the problem could be. adisturbance. He ended.
A disturbance! Jamie repeated, exasperated. Oh, all right, lets go. Excuse me, ladies, he bowed his head once to both Elizabeth and Evelyn. Rob, save at least a scrap of food for me. He said.
And then Jamie and Walter quickly strode toward the door, their steps purposeful.
What was that all about? Mrs. Jenkin asked, looking confused. She watched after them as they all did the same.
What disturbance are you talking about? Jamie was heard to ask, as the two men stepped around a group of stunned females.
Tis the young ladies dogs, sir
And then they were out the door.
The Tyler twins gasped as one, looking at each other in distress. An unspoken split- second decision was made. Ill go. Evelyn said, already gathering her skirt in her hands. A pleasure meeting you, Mr. Bassett. She said quickly, dipping slightly in a hasty curtsy.
Thank you, Evie. Elizabeth said, grateful that Evelyn had volunteered to take care of the dogs. But Elizabeth also knew that this was a chance for her sister to be with Jamie rather than wait for him to return.
Youre welcome. She called back, rushing after the two men in a flash of spring green skirts, her long ponytail swishing over her back.
Oh my. Mrs. Jenkin said, her hand pressed to her bosom. She looked after Evelyn in startled confusion.
Our dogs must have gotten loose. Elizabeth said in explanation, not worried at all. Shell take care of everything.
Oh good. Mrs. Jenkin sighed in relief, turning back to Elizabeth and Robert. Well, you must sit, Robert, and the two of you must get better acquainted. She said briskly, back to her former poised self. Robert, have you eaten? Ill get you a plate. She offered before he had a chance to answer. and Ill get you something too, dear. And then she was gone, leaving Elizabeth alone with Robert in a room half-full of gossiping women.
Well, Robert said, turning back to Elizabeth with a little smile, slightly embarrassed. I guess I have no choice about whether I am going to eat or not. She still thinks of me as a twelve-year-old boy sometimesexcept when shes trying to set me up with someone.
Shes very friendly though. Elizabeth commented, trying to picture him as a boy. After her dream, she could only see him as a man.
Robert just snorted, then asked. Do you mind if I sit down? I hurt my ankle last night.
Oh, I am sorry. Of course, do sit down, please. Elizabeth said quickly, noticing that he did appear to be in some pain. If he had been hurting all along, he had done a fine job of hiding it until now.
He sat down clumsily, letting out a quiet groan, yet keeping a hold on his stick. I sprained it last evening he said, after he had stretched out his sore leg in front of him. And I fell off my horse this morning. He admitted in a low voice, a wry smile on his face.
Pardon? She said, startled. She had been staring at his hand, where it loosely clasped his walking stick. His hand was large and square with blunt fingers and dirty fingernails, much to her disgust. And it was tanned a deep brown, a sharp contrast to his white, rolled-up sleeve. Prominent veins branched from his forearm to his fingers reminding her of the burly man her family had employed to do the hard, dirty work around their home.
He couldnt be a gentleman then, she thought. All the gentlemen she had ever known in London had soft, pale, fastidiously and immaculately groomed hands and fingernails. None of them had ever done a days work; none of them would have even lowered themselves to do any type of manual labor even if their lives depended on it. And to think that she had once been attracted to that type of man!
But now she remembered her dream and particularly the sight of his dark hand on her pale skin and how erotic it had looked. A working mana working gentlemanhmmm. You fell off your horse? She repeated, hoping that he didnt think her simple.
He smiled, a slight flush to his face. Im afraid so, quite clumsy of me, wouldnt you say? Without waiting for an answer, he continued, Your singing was very good. I admit Jamie and I watched you from the doorway.
Thank you. She answered shyly. What had happened to her confidence? She had been able to accept compliments from the ladies with grace and self-assurance. Her sister had told her earlier to just talk with him, get to know him, but without her sister beside her, she was feeling quite inadequate. Her dream had not shown her how to talk with this man or how to act with him in a normal setting, but only how to act with him while his arms were around her.
So, she was quite relieved when the two silly teenage girls, Alicia Warradine and Jane Abdey, walked up to them and stood in front of Robert. This interruption would give her a chance to get her nerves under control while surreptitiously watching him. He was so sure of himself and exceedingly patient with them. She knew how annoying all that gushing attention could be.
Alicia and Jane tried their best to get some response from him, smiling coquettishly and batting their eyelashes, but their efforts were futile. Elizabeth felt sorry for them; they werent the most attractive of girls and she supposed that was why they had been drawn to each other as friends. They were about fourteen or fifteen years old and dressed in their Sunday best, (although their Sunday best just meant they werent wearing aprons over their clothes), and obviously they were looking for husbands, even at their young age. But despite their lack of beauty and having spots on their chins and foreheads, from what Elizabeth had heard about the colony and the shortage of women, she wasnt concerned for them. All women eventually found husbands.
Hello, girls. Robert greeted them cordially. Elizabeth noticed that Alicia, the daughter of James Warradine, grimaced slightly at being called a girl, but then the flirting face was in place again.
Hello, Robert. Alicia boldly called him by his first name in her high girlish voice, but despite her forwardness, she was still nervous. Her hand snuck up to her hair and she started pulling at a few loose strands at the back of her neck. Jane and I hope you werent too badly hurt in that fight with Mr. Archer.
Thank you for your concern, but I am fine. I assume you have met Mistress Elizabeth? He said, glancing over at her.
Both girls smiled tightly at Elizabeth in acknowledgement, but it was Alicia who spoke, Yes, we have; good day to you again, Mistress Elizabeth. She said quickly, dipping marginally in a curt curtsy.
Elizabeth barely nodded once before Alicia spoke to Robert again while she continued to pull on those few loose hairs. Ah, RobertJane and I would like to know if you and Jamie would like to join us later outside for
Robert would never know what the invitation was for because Mrs. Jenkin, surprisingly strong, arrived carrying a tray full of plates and cups. Robert immediately started to rise to help her, but she rejected his offer. You sit right back down, Robert, and girls, what are you doing bothering Master Bassett and Mistress Tyler with your silliness? Now you leave them alone, do you hear me? Gogo! She shooed them away.
The girls immediately pouted and probably would have stamped their feet, if they could have gotten away with it. Elizabeth smiled to herself, amused by their immaturity. And poor Alicia was so upset that when she brought her hand down, a few of those hairs got tangled in her fingers and got pulled out.
Thank you again for your concern, girls. Robert said politely.
Jane shuffled away while Alicia, more insulted, turned in a huff and stomped off, leaving three mousy brown hairs floating to the floor in her wake.
Gracious me. Mrs. Jenkin said. Those girls do not have a brain in their heads, the poor things.
Elizabeth and Robert exchanged amused smiles. Elizabeth felt much more relaxed now. Robert had the most captivating smile and good teeth too. She appreciated people who kept their teeth clean.
Here we are, dearies. Mrs. Jenkin said, placing the tray on a nearby table. Robert laid his stick down when she brought them each a cloth napkin, a spoon and a knife that they laid on their laps. Mrs. Jenkin then brought Robert his plate, a pewter plate piled high with roast duck and pork, mashed carrots and turnips, stewed apples and thick slices of egg bread. He looked at it with wonder. How am I going to eat all this food? He asked no one in particular.
Elizabeth didnt think he really wanted an answer to that. Oh, I expect youll manage somehow.
Of course you will. Mrs. Jenkin said. Then she turned to Elizabeth and lowered her voice. Hes a very hard-working young man, you know. And good, hearty food is one way to keep your man happy, my dear. Just remember that. She admonished.
Yes, mum. Elizabeth answered politely, laughing to herself.
Robert actually chuckled out loud. Well, it smells delicious and Im suddenly very hungry. But what about you? He asked, raising his eyebrow at the sight of her meager plate. There was only one slice of egg bread and some stewed apples on it.
Ive already eaten. She said in a low voice.
And young women need to watch what they eat, except when theyre expecting. Mrs. Jenkin added suggestively.
Elizabeth blushed and tried to hide her face.
Robert was good enough to ignore that.
There, now you two enjoy yourselves. I think I shall go see how Jamie and Evelyn are coming along. Mrs. Jenkin said happily, pleased as punch with herself.
Im sorry about that. Robert said, once Mrs. Jenkin had left.
Elizabeth waved her hand. Shes just a kind, old lady.
Robert smiled at her. Im glad you realize that. Do you mind if I eat? He raised his spoon.
No, of course not. Go ahead. She said, wondering if he would be able to eat all that food. But then a man of his size and strength might need that amount of food. She didnt know. And Mrs. Jenkin was probably right. From what Maureen had told her about Robert, he was a hard-working man. Most of the boys and young men she had known in London had been shorter than Robert and being goldsmiths or sons of goldsmiths or artisans, had never worked a day of hard labor in their lives.
Im very sorry about the death of your father. He said suddenly, after swallowing a spoonful of the mashed carrots and turnips. You must miss him terribly.
Yes, thank you. Elizabeth said sadly, sudden tears coming to her eyes. She hadnt expected him to mention that. It was a terrible shock.
Youll be well taken care of here. He gave her hand a quick squeeze. Father is a fine man, and Maureen is a paragon. He added emphatically before shoveling in another spoonful of vegetables.
Yes, they have been ever so kind to me and my sister, welcoming us into the family again. Uncle Francis and Maureen have told us many wonderful stories. Of course, I do not remember them leaving London since I was only two years old at the time, but even after being here only three days, I feel like Ive known all of you all my life.
Indeed. Robert responded around a mouthful of roasted duck. A dribble of grease slid down his chin, but before it dripped onto his shirt, he nabbed it neatly with his napkin. Then he smiled teasingly at her. What have they told you about Jamie and me? Now that I recall, your sister did mention that she had heard a lot about us.
Yes, we have heard a few stories. She blushed suddenly. She had been watching his lips and that dribble of grease, also his throat and further down to his chest where she could see his tanned, smooth skin through the scandalously open neck of his shirt. Her plate lay in her lap completely forgotten. Well, she hesitated, trying to gather her scattered thoughts. She certainly couldnt say what she had said to her sister earlier, about them being so neglected and brave and perfect. She started out with simple facts. Uncle Francis did tell us that you came to him as orphans and that he took care of you and Jamie and that you became like sons to him.
That is true. He was very kind to us and has become like a father to us as well. Jamie and I were only ten and twelve when we came hereand very scared. He said with a boyish smile.
What happened to your parents? She asked matter-of-factly. But she already knew; it wasnt unusual for children to lose both parents before adulthood.
They died. He answered bluntly and said no more. He took another mouthful of food, more greasy duck, using his fingers to pick up the meat.
Elizabeth wrinkled her nose seeing him use his dirty fingers to eat with and she was disappointed that he hadnt told her more. Im sorry. She murmured.
Robert waved her off. So, what else did they say? He asked after swallowing.
Oh, well She said, forgetting about his fingers for the time being. What did she care if he made himself sick? Uncle Francis also said that the both of you had not had much schooling, but you were smart and quick to learn... Robert let out a short chuckle. He took a huge bite of the egg bread, shaking his head a little in amusement. Elizabeth stared for a second, then remembering her manners, continued, but Maureen told us that you and Jamie hated the rigors of the lessons; that all you wanted to do was learn about planting tobacco and that all Jamie wanted to do was ride horses.
Robert laughed even louder this time. That is true also. He said, pointing his spoon at her after picking it up again. A man does not need to know how to bow properly when all he is going to do is plant tobacco. He ended, shoveling in a mouthful of stewed apples.
Elizabeth nearly laughed herself. He certainly did love his food. But he does need to know how to bow when he is meeting a new, young lady. She said cheekily.
He chuckled again, smiling at her words. Did I learn my lesson well?
Very well, kind sir. She said, teasing him. And then remembering that bow and that kiss on her hand, she asked. And how did you know how to tell Evelyn and me apart?
His grin grew wider. I confess, Maureen told me earlier that you were wearing a blue gown and that Evelyn was wearing a green one. She also told me that you have a small mole on your neck, right about there. He said, putting his spoon down so he could touch the spot with his forefinger.
That is not fair! She was there at our birth.
She mentioned that also, a time or two.
You know, most people do not notice that difference in us! Im glad she did tell you, though.
It does help. He said, smiling into her eyes. Especially if you ever decide to wear the same color gowns!
Maybe one day we shall do that and test your powers of observation. She said pluckily.
I would love the opportunity. He said, accepting the challenge with delight. So, is that all they said, that Jamie and I hated our lessons?
No. She said, turning serious. Uncle Francis also told us about your marriage to our cousin, Kathleen Her voice went soft, watching him flinch and turn away, his spoon forgotten on his plate. But she knew he was still listening. the birth of your son and her unfortunate death. She saw him swallow hard. Im sorry, Robert. She said, sympathetically placing her hand on his where it lay motionless above his knee. I shouldnt have mentioned it.
He turned back to look at her and gave her a small smile. No, tis all right. He said, turning his hand, palm up and clasping hers in his work-roughened fingers. I did ask you.
Tell me about your son. She said quickly to lighten the mood. Maureen told us what a darling lad he is.
Elizabeth was glad when Roberts face lit up and he smiled broadly. He is. He answered proudly. Hes two years old now and hes strong and sturdy and fair, but hes also spoilt and mischievous and so curious it can be dangerous. He laughed delightedly.
Elizabeth laughed with him. He sounds wonderful. She said, genuine warmth in her voice. Where is he now?
Upstairs, sleeping. The excitement of the ride wore him out and then Maureen fed him. Im sure hell awaken soon though.
I cannot wait to meet him. Elizabeth said, but then remembered in the back of her mind that she would become this boys stepmother. At first the thought startled and frightened her, but then the thought charmed her. She loved children!
You may regret it. He said lightly, squeezing her hand before letting it go to pick up his spoon again. He started eating again, the carrots and turnips, the stewed apples, then with his fingers he picked up the chunks of pork and duck. Mmmmthis is good. He mumbled, his mouth half full. I didnt realize how hungry I was. Arent you going to eat?
She didnt respond and he didnt seem to care. She just continued to watch him with interest and a growing attraction. How could it have happened so quickly?
Unexpectedly she started to feel slightly warm and a littleshe couldnt describe it, a little uncomfortable somehow. It was a very strange feeling, something she hadnt experienced before.
Discreetly she pushed her hair back off one shoulder. Was it the dream? Was she remembering feelings that she had had in the dream, the feelings of warmth and security and passion?
Feeling warmer but not wanting Robert to notice, she moved slowly to lift the hair off the back of her neck. Was it Gods plan for her to marry this man and take care of him and his son? Isnt that what Evelyn had said, that God had a new plan for them and that she mustnt question it?
Confused, her temperature continuing to rise, she realized she didnt have her fanshe had placed it under her chair earlierand that her plate was still balanced on her lap, untouched. She knew she didnt want anything to eat, but she didnt want to get up to put her plate aside either. That would draw attention to her and for some strange reason she didnt want Robert to see her all flustered.
But she was still very warm and her collar was making her sweat. If only she could remove it, but that would also attract attention.
Still, she was very hot, so very slowly she lifted one corner of her collar and flapped it a little when he wasnt watching. Then she thought she might be able to get away with folding it back over her shoulder.
So far, so good.
Then she did the same to the other corner, effectively baring her neck and upper chest and the bodice of her gown. But this time he did notice and Elizabeth sat perfectly still, barely breathing while she watched his eyes rove over her flushed neck and down to the tops of her breasts and then down to the embroidery on her bodice. She felt transfixed while he studied the embroidery.
Her sister had done the needlework on both their gowns and while it was exquisite work and masterfully done, she normally kept it covered with the wide Bertha collar. She had only allowed certain special friends to see the embroidery, people who would appreciate and not condemn the nature of the garden design.
Robert appreciated it right now, she could tell. At first his eyes had shown open interest in the multi-colored threads, worked together in perfectly placed stitches to form beautiful flowers, birds and butterflies. Then he had frowned slightly as his eyes had followed the very specific and erotic path of the green vines curling over one breast and the snakes red tongue flicking toward the peak of the other breast, and then very slowly he had looked up at her face, his mouth hanging open in shock.
However, there was much more than shock in his expression, Elizabeth noticed with pleasure; there was appreciation and desire in his eyes too.
Calmly and demurely, she smiled.
* * *
Evelyn hurried past everyone, holding her skirts up above her ankles, ignoring their looks of shock and inquiry. And thankfully there hadnt been anyone in the hallway to interrupt her progress. By the time she stepped outside the front door into the bright mid-afternoon sunshine, she could see Jamie and Walter jogging across the yard toward the stables, passing several guests in small groups who watched with worried looks on their faces. She knew she needed to hurry; she could hear the excited howls and barks of the dogs and the frightened whinnies of the horses.
There had been no question of who would go to retrieve the dogs. Evelyn wanted the opportunity to be with Jamie and Elizabeth needed to be alone with Robert, but now Evelyn wasnt quite so sure how Jamie would welcome her. Their dogs were certainly causing quite a commotion.
Who is responsible for these damn dogs? She heard Jamie yell once he and Walter were inside the stables. Get them out of here! His voice was quite loud and she flinched.
As she neared the stables, her walking quickening to a jog, she could hear the chaos inside the stable becoming louder and louder, alarming her. The horses sounded like they were bolting in their boxes, banging against the partitions while the dogs barked and howled.
At that point, Jamie exited the stable, leading a pregnant and frightened mare out to the paddock. Eyes rolling in terror, the mare strained against her harness. Jamie spoke to her in a soothing voice, but the look on his face was murderous. Then once he had secured her into the paddock, he ran back into the stables, not even registering Evelyns presence nor the significant gathering of guests.
Once she was standing at the stable door, an animal that looked to be a rabbit ran by her in a whoosh. Both dogs gave blind chase, barking uncontrollably. Oh Lord, it was a rabbit for she had seen a flash of its little cotton tail. Now she would never be able to control them. And where was that idiot servant who was supposed to be watching them?
Walter lunged after the dogs trying to catch them, but he slipped on the straw, nearly fell and cursed profusely. The rabbit went blindly into a stall, keeping close to the walls, with the dogs hot on its trail, not even mindful of the big animal in their way. By some miracle they managed not to be trampled by the stallions big, stomping hooves.
Jamie was in a stall with another stallion, this one a beautiful bay color. He was trying his best to calm the beast, holding onto the horses rope halter and talking to it in soothing tones. But with the dogs still tearing around, he had a very difficult time of it.
Evelyn hoped none of the horses had been injured, but she had seen that the mare had some scrapes and cuts on her knees and forelegs. That would not bode well for their impending relationship. Fleurette! Papillon! She called sharply. Come! Come! She called, clapping her hands twice.
Jamie heard her and looked sharply in her direction. Get your bloody dogs out of here! He yelled.
Im trying. She shouted back. How dare he! Fleurette! Papillon! She called again.
Damn it! Jamie shouted as the dogs ran by one more time, spooking the horse. The horse reared and almost knocked Jamie over, almost trampling him. He had to throw himself into the corner.
Evelyn screamed. Jamie!
Walter hurried over to him, frantic. Master James! Master James! Are you all right?
The horse reared again, causing Walter to promptly step back. Jamie was able to right himself and he assured Walter he was uninjured.
Evelyn had been so focused on the scene before her that she hadnt noticed the servant who was supposed to be watching the dogs move beside her. The custom leashes and harnesses hung from his hand. Mistress Tyler. He said miserably.
She turned sharply towards him. Where have you been? She demanded. Why are the dogs loose?
Im sorry, Mistress, I was walking them by the river and I felt sorry for them, not being able to run free so I took the harnesses off them. Ive been looking for them down by the river. I didnt know they had come up here.
Evelyn grabbed the leashes from the servants hand. Give them to me. She ordered. I will have my uncle deal with you later. Once again she called sharply for the dogs and this time they came to her. Somehow the rabbit had escaped through a hole in the wall of the stable and the dogs hadnt been able to follow. They sat before her, panting, their tongues hanging out of their mouths, their big brown eyes bright, looking exasperatingly adorable.
Jamie came storming out of the stable. He was furious. He must have heard what the servant had said because he faced the man, his hands in fists at his side, and shouted at him. You let those dogs loose, you stupid moron? Did you even consider what havoc your negligence might have caused? He was breathing heavily, his hair hung down on his shoulders in tangles and he was covered in sweat and dust and straw.
Evelyn looked up at him from her kneeling position while she fitted the dogs with their harnesses, thinking that even among the dirt and dust and the flushed angry look on his face, he was still the most attractive man she had ever seen. Dear Lord, she had to have him. According to Elizabeths dream, Elizabeth was destined to marry Robert and since Evelyn needed to be close to her sister, marrying Roberts brother was the perfect solution for all of them. She had to make that happen.
Im very sorry, sir. The servant said, standing as straight as he could. He was a rugged-looking man but shorter than Jamie and Evelyn guessed that the servant didnt like that so well.
What is your name? Jamie demanded. I do not know you.
Edward Blockhaws, sir.
How long have you been here?
One month, sir.
Long enough to know your duty. Stand over by that tree. Jamie ordered, pointing to a large oak tree that stood behind and to the left of the stables. And then brushing dust and straw from his sleeves, he went back into the stables.
When he came back out, he was carrying a riding whip and Evelyn gasped. He was going to punish the servant right now? She had not even considered that Jamie could do such a thing. She had told the servant that she would have her uncle deal with him later, but Jamie was a member of this family and he did have the right to avenge his horsesand his uncles horsesand her dogs, she remembered with indignation.
Please, Jamie The servant pleaded, forgetting himself. He had not moved toward the tree. Jamie glared at him, his fists on his hips. Please, Masr James, sir Blockhaws corrected himself, but it galled him.
Evelyn wondered how Blockhaws had known Jamie since Jamie hadnt known him. Oh well, Blockhaws should have known to never address his superiors as he had. What a stupid man he was.
Jamie was clearly infuriated by his pleading. He grabbed the servants arm, dragged him to the tree and threw him against it, face against the rough bark.
Walter, quiet as a subdued servant should be, followed. Evelyn moved along with him, leading the dogs with their leashes. She was just as quiet and thoughtful as were the many guests who gathered around this scene that was providing them with so much entertainment.
Blockhaws tried one more time to plead his case. You cannot do this! You aint the masr. He bawled, turning to face Jamie. He was starting to sweat. You do not have any authority over me!
Jamie snorted cruelly. Do you want to go into that house right now and explain to my father how those dogs got loose in the stables nearly sending Peasblossom into an early labor? Do you think he would show you any mercy?
The servant gulped. I know not. This is the first time Ive ever been in trouble.
Well, I can tell you he will not show you any mercy. Those horses are very valuable to him.
Yes, sir, I do know that. Blockhaws mumbled.
So be it, Edward Blockhaws. Jamie said in a denouncing voice. You have been grossly negligent. You have put my fathers horses and my own horses and Mistress Tylers dogs in grave danger and now you will stand in front of all these people Jamie swept his arm encompassing the guests that had gathered around, and receive your punishment.
Evelyn nodded her head once, pressing her lips together. She was in total agreement with Jamie to punish this most slovenly servant. In the household where she grew up, it was believed that servants needed to be punished on a regular basis; that one couldnt get too soft on them or they would become lazy and rebellious, just as this one was now. Yes, it was best that Jamie punish him swiftly and harshly, not only for his negligence but also for his insolence.
Blockhaws closed his eyes in surrender, but with great dignity asked, Will you allow me to remove my shirt, sir? If it is torn I will not get another until next year.
Jamie nodded, his own mouth tight with purpose. He watched and waited, tapping the whip along his thigh, as Blockhaws removed his shirt, folded it neatly and laid it on the ground by his feet. Then Blockhaws turned back to face the tree and pressed his forehead against the rough bark. Slowly he raised his arms and hugged the tree and awaited the first strike.
Evelyn tried to watch dispassionately as Jamie landed the first strike, but she flinched nevertheless. From behind her she heard several muffled gasps from the crowd. While she admired Jamies strength and his ability to wield authority, and even though she agreed that servants needed to be punished, deep down she had always wondered how a man could whip another man, how a man could draw blood from another and then walk away unaffected.
Jamie held the whip clenched tightly in his hand; his teeth were clenched and his eyes burned with anger and she supposed that is how he could do it. That is how he could bring the whip down onto the mans back over and over again, drawing blood and grunts from the servants mouth. He was so angry he could have possibly killed the man.
But finally he did stop. And he was shaking. He opened his hand slowly and let the whip fall to the ground. Breathing heavily, he stared at the servant, who had stood stoically through the whole ordeal, hugging the tree, his fingers clawing the bark, grunting after each strike. Blood was running down Blockhaws back in thin rivulets, soaking into the waist of his breeches. And he was trembling uncontrollably.
Jamie looked like he might be sick and Evelyn sighed. Ah, he is affected. Good, good. He is not a cold-hearted brute after all.
Go Jamie said, almost too low for anyone to hear. Blockhaws raised his head slowly in response. Go onget out of here! Jamie bellowed suddenly, to anyone and everyone around. He turned on his heel and strode away in the direction of the river.
Little by little the crowd broke up and started to move away, chattering like gossips. The servant stayed where he was, waiting for who knew what? Orders? The trembling to stop? His dignity to return?
Walter turned to Evelyn. Mistress Tyler, He said, May I tend to him, please?
Yes, Walter, thank you. Evelyn said, feeling that something should be done for the tough, little servant. She had only met him yesterday and hadnt appreciated the way he had eyed her, but he did deserve to have his wounds looked at. See that he is cared for. I must speak with Master James. He seemedvery upset.
Yes, Mistress. Walter said, nodding, then quickly added, If you will, Mistress, please tell Master James that I will also see to the horses.
I shall tell him. Thank you, Walter. She said. Walter nodded to her before heading towards the tree where the servant was slowly picking up his shirt.
Evelyn tightened her grip on the leashes and looking down at her innocent-looking beagles, said to them in a sing-song scolding voice, You were very naughty little dogs today. You did not make a good impression on Master Jamie. He is not going to like us, you know.
The dogs just looked up at her with their big, brown puppy-dog eyes. Each of them barked once in response.
She laughed. Come on, you two. Lets go say our apologies to Master James.
* * *
Evelyn followed the path down to the riverfront, looking for Jamie. She found him off to the left standing on a narrow strip of pebbly shore amongst huge old cypress trees, just out of reach of the gently lapping water. He was flinging rocks far into the wide river, throwing them so hard it appeared his arm would fly right off along with them.
Seeing him in this isolated place, she suddenly had second thoughts and stopped about twenty-five feet from him at the crest of the riverbank. She wasnt sure now if she should have come. They had only just met, had only said hello, really. He had shown some interest in her though, and it was this aspect of their fledgling relationship that gave her hope.
On the other hand, maybe he wanted to be alone. She knew that some men didnt like to show their emotions in front of others, especially weakness; and maybe he hadnt wanted anyone to see how that whipping had affected him. But she had seen it; she had seen his discomfiture at the end. Otherwise, she didnt think he would have run away like he had.
She almost decided to turn around, but the dogs had spotted him and they started barking. She yanked on their leashes and shushed them, and they did quiet down, but it was too late. Jamie had already heard them.
He turned sharply, a fierce frown on his face, but at the sight of her, his expression changed. Mistress Evelyn! He exclaimed. What are you doing here? He blurted out.
That wasnt exactly the welcome she had expected, but really, what had she expected? Had she expected him to run to her with open arms and sweep her off her feet? No, that was being fantastical. But at least he had recognized her and had gotten her name right. I have come to apologize for the behavior of my dogs. Im sorry they have caused so much trouble. She said with genuine sincerity.
He seemed to relax. You neednt have come here to apologize to me. In fact, I should be the one apologizing to you. Im sorry for yelling at you earlier.
She fluttered her hand in a dismissive manner, but inside she was so pleased he didnt blame her and her dogs. You were angryand worried about the horses. I understand that now.
Well, it wasnt very gentlemanly of me. He admitted. And I do apologize. He put his hand on his heart and bowed. When he straightened he was grinning. Will you join me by the river? The view is beautiful from here. He added, holding out his hand in welcome.
Evelyn returned the smile, blushing slightly. I would love to, but Ill have to bring the dogs with me. I dare not let go of them.
Amen to that! Come. Ill teach you how to skip rocks. He said, his hand reaching out to her.
All right. She said, not really looking forward to the rock throwing, but wanting to be near him.
With one hand, she lifted her skirt and started making her way past two giant bald cypress trees. She wished he would have offered some help, perhaps taken the dogs leashes or held her hand, but instead he just stood where he was and watched her as she slowly and carefully stepped over the exposed roots. The dogs followed slowly, their noses to the ground, smelling every inch of dirt, moss and vegetation along the way.
Finally when she was within perhaps three steps of him, he finally moved towards her with his hand outstretched, but the dogs started barking again and darted forward so they could smell his boots. Jamie jumped back and Evelyn yanked on their leashes. Stop! She scolded them. Youve already made a bad impression on Master James. Im sorry. She added, her face growing warm with embarrassment.
He smiled gently at her. Tis all right. At least theyve obeyed you. He commented, eyeing the dogs as they settled down by Evelyns feet.
Theyre usually very well-behaved. She said.
He raised an eyebrow at that. Theyre beagles, arent they?
Yes, pocket beagles. How did you know?
When I lived in England our neighbors in St. Wenn had several packs of beagles. They were bigger than these and they used them for hunting, but you dont appear to be a huntress. He ended with a slight teasing twinkle to his eye.
No, Im not. She said flushing slightly. Theyre just our pets, although they did go after that rabbit. Ive never seen them act like that before. Again, Im sorry.
He waved away her apology. They were just following their instincts. Will they allow me to pet them, do you think?
Oh yes. Just let them smell your hand first. Like this. She flattened her hand, palm up and brought her fingers to the dogs noses. They already knew Evelyn so they just licked her fingertips.
Jamie chuckled a little. All right. And he extended his hand like Evelyn had done and brought it to the dogs. They sniffed his fingers and then Fluerette gave him a lick. He smiled. I think they like me!
Evelyn returned the smile. Of course they do.
Good, then they wont attack me if youre standing next to me. He extended his hand to her again and this time Evelyn placed her hand in his and allowed him to draw her to his side.
Thank you. She said in a whisper. The area was shaded by those huge trees, nevertheless, when she looked back up at him, she was momentarily shocked by how intensely blue his eyes were, as blue as a clear summer sky.
Theyre behaving so far. He said, nodding his head at the dogs.
Yes. I think theyre tired out from the chase.
Mmmm. Was all Jamie said.
That was a hint to change the subject. Oh! She exclaimed, suddenly remembering something. Walter wanted me to tell you that he will take care of the horses.
Hes a good groom, Walter is. Jamie said; and then there was a short silence as he nudged his toe at a pebble and thought about what to say next. Finally he continued, Im sorry you had to witness that punishment. A lady should not see such things.
Oh, I didnt mind. She lied. I agreed with what you did. My father would have done the same. She said quietly.
Was your father very strict then? He asked softly, peering into her face.
She smiled sadly. Not with me or Elizabeth, but with the servants, yes.
You miss him, dont you? Jamie asked, his voice full of gentle concern. He raised his hand as if to touch her arm, but then dropped it by his side.
Evelyn nodded, a sudden lump forming in her throat and her lip started to tremble. She didnt want to cry; she didnt want their first conversation to be about her fathers death no matter how much sympathy he showed her. She forced a smile. Show me how to skip those rocks. She said.
Oh, right. He said. Ill need to find just the right one. It has to be flat, you see or it wont skip through the water.
Evelyn watched him as he bent down and searched through the pebbles for just the right shaped rock. It was quite breezy by the river, much more so than up on the bank, and little gusts of wind were flapping her collar, blowing her skirts against her legs and blowing stray hairs into her face. She tried tossing her head to move the hair out of her face, but she wasnt having much luck. So she found herself trying to hold her collar down and at the same time trying to brush the hair from her face with her one free hand, but she was finding it impossible to do. In the end, she decided to let her hair go so she could hold her collar down, feeling that was more important at this time.
Got one. Jamie declared, straightening up and showing it to her with a flourish. Oh, your hair has come loose. He noticed, Here, let me. Before she could object, he reached out and tucked the stray hairs back behind her ear. His fingers lingered for a while and she stood very still, barely breathing, liking his touch. He gazed at her so intently a shiver went through her.
Another stronger gust of wind came off the river and this time Jamie had to brush his hair out of his face. The wind has picked up. He said unnecessarily. It might not be a good time to skip rocks after all.
Oh, thats all right. She said, her attention focused on his hair. She loved his hair; her fingers itched to stroke it like he had touched hers. But she couldnt be that bold so instead she clutched a handful of her skirt to still them. With a nervous little laugh, she said, You know, this may sound silly, but I was worried that you wouldnt like us.
Why would you think I wouldnt like you? He asked, a hint of laughter in his voice. He carelessly tossed the rock into the river.
Because of what the dogs did. She said, her voice sounding disgustingly girlish even to her own ears. But she couldnt help it.
This was a new situation for her. She so desperately wanted Jamie to like her and when they had first met, it seemed that he had; he had been very quick to accept her invitation to join her for refreshments before he had been called away. But nowshe didnt know what she would do if he rejected her. It would crush her heart if Elizabeth married Robert and she was left behind or if she was forced to marry some other man and had to live miles away. She couldnt let that happen.
Evelyn He said, his voice low and soothing. He reached for her free hand and gently removed it from her skirt and held it warmly in his. What happened at the stables was not your fault or the dogs. They were just following their instincts. He admitted reluctantly, looking down at the dogs.
Thank you for understanding. Evelyn said, wanting to throw her arms around him and kiss him in never-ending gratitude. But she couldnt do that so she also looked down at her pets, dozing by her feet. That chase had certainly worn them out!
My pleasure. He said, smiling warmly at her. He squeezed her hand and she felt warm and tingly all over.
Suddenly a massive migratory flock of white cranes flew directly overhead, nearly darkening the entire sky. Evelyn forgot all about Jamie for the moment. She had never seen anything like this in her entire life! Yes, she had seen flocks of birds before flying over the city of London, but not these beautiful white birds. They were a wonder to behold and she watched with astonishment and delight.
Once the cranes had flown out of sight, she turned back to Jamie and was a little shocked to see that he was already looking at her. She realized he must have been watching her instead of the birds. Nevertheless, she said, That was amazing! Ive never seen anything like that in London. Did yousee them? She asked, suddenly shy.
Yes, I saw them. He said, his eyes dancing with merriment. He grinned affectionately at her in a way that made her blush.
You did not! She retorted weakly. You were.watching me. She said, her voice trailing off.
I didnt need to watch them. Ive seen them every year along with millions of other birds, but youyou are amazing to me with your ginger hair He brought his hand up and fingered her hair, then skimmed his fingers along her jaw. and your creamy skin and your lovely green eyes.
Oh. She breathed. She was at a loss for words. But this is what she wanted, wasnt it? This is why she had followed him.
Another gust of wind blew those loose strands of hair across her face again and also flipped one corner of her collar completely over her shoulder. She didnt make a move to pull it down, after all her hand was deliciously entrapped in Jamies hand. And she knew that it would be all right to let him see her gown. If he didnt approve, she would find out now, while they were alone, and they could go their separate ways, although it would sadden her greatly. But if he did approveif it stirred himif it enticed hima shiver of anticipation ran up her spine.
Jamies eyes automatically went to the bared space of her neck and chest and then the bodice of her gown. She watched him as he studied the marvelous embroidery, an orchard scene, green grass along the waistline, highly detailed cherry trees, birds and butterflies scattered throughout. Two little beagles sat side by side on the grass. Evelyn had stitched the embroidery to perfection with the purposeful intention of attracting a suitor and when Jamie gasped, she knew he had seen the placement of the cluster of cherries right at the peak of her breast.
She didnt stop him from staring; in fact her breathing deepened, emphasizing the rise and fall of her breasts in the loose bodice.
Finally he raised his gaze and his eyes were smoldering. She was feeling a little dizzy herself. Their eyes met and she did nothing to break the contact. This is crazy, she thought. I am standing here with a stranger and allowing him to hold my hand. I am allowing him to see my dress and hes going to kiss me. I just know it and Im going to allow him to do that too.
Did you do the embroidery on your gown? He asked.
She nodded, her heart pounding.
Tis beautiful. He said, his eyes roving over her breasts again.
Thank you. She whispered.
You do know that I am not really your cousin. He said out of the blue, brushing the stray hairs off of her face with the lightest of touches.
He stepped closer to her so that his body touched hers, and she shivered, nodding dumbly, her heart beating wildly.
You do know that this is absolutely insane. He said, putting his arm around her and pulling her unresisting body against him.
She nodded again, smiling a little. Thats exactly what I was thinking!
And you do know that I am going to kiss you. He said, his mouth mere centimeters from her lips.
Was that his way of giving her a warning so that she could stop him if she didnt want him to kiss her? Was that his gentlemanly way? And would he stop? She didnt know and she didnt care, because right now with all her being she wanted him to kiss her.
She nodded again, her mouth slightly open, her gaze locked with him. She could feel his heat, smell his sweat and all the other organic odors that had clung to his clothing: horses, hay and dust, and she reveled in it. When he lowered his lips to hers, her eyes automatically closed. His hand let go of her hand, only to hold her tighter to him with both hands now, and she found herself reaching for him, wanting to touch him. His lips were warm and insistent, but not overly greedy, not yet; and mindlessly she dropped the leashes, both hands now clutched his shoulders, feeling his solid muscles and strong bones through the softness of the fabric of his shirt. Then one hand slid up to the back of his neck under his hair. It was just as she imagined it would be, soft, thick, and luxurious. She could feel his hands doing the same, exploring her back, stroking her hair. She felt like she was being transported to the moon.
And then he was pulling away, gasping for air. Oh God. He groaned. He took one look at her and she imagined she must look like a wanton. Her face felt flushed; her lips swollen. But she didnt care because he said, Again. And he kissed her again until she thought her heart would burst.


Chapter Six: Titbits

 DA-DEE! The shriek coming from upstairs could be heard throughout the entire house. It was quite clear that a certain little person wanted some immediate attention. Robert recognized that shriek and his head snapped up as if a scolding hand had slapped him on the back of his head.
Robin. He said. The mood had effectively been broken. Oh God, Ill never be able to reach him before he tries to come down the stairs by himself. He grabbed his plate, looking for a place to put it down.
Elizabeth stopped him by boldly placing her hand on his forearm. Will he be frightened of me if I go up? She asked, already rising and placing her plate on her chair.
No, he fancies pretty girls. The words were out before Robert even knew he had spoken them, for they were the truth. From the moment Robin had been born his cherubic features had attracted women of all ages, and with all the positive attention that was constantly bestowed on him, he had no fear of people and was particularly attracted to pretty girls.
Elizabeths face showed surprise and pleasure at the compliment and she became flustered. Oh pish! She scoffed at him, turning her face away to hide the fact that she was blushing. And then she rushed out of the room.
Robert watched her leave, moving swiftly in her small slippered feet. He was glad that he had spoken the compliment and seen her reaction. At least she wasnt vain.
He was also grateful to her for her quick offer because he knew he could not possibly reach Robin before Robin tried to come down the stairs. But now that he had a few more moments to think, he worried that perhaps it might not have been such a good idea to allow her to go, after all what could she possibly know about taking care of children? Seeing Elizabeth in her spotless, beautiful gown and her hands all soft and white, he couldnt imagine her ever having anything to do with children, but then again, on second thought, perhaps all women instinctively knew about childcare.
But did he want Elizabeth taking care of his son? He was frowning as he followed as quickly as his sore leg allowed him, leaning heavily on his stick. He once again thought of that embroidery on her gown and it was so confusing to him because it was undeniable that Elizabeth was indeed a very pretty girl with a sweet, angelic face and big innocent-looking eyes. But he simply could not associate that face with the images on her gown. He had assumed that the twins were innocent, nave young ladies, brought up in a reverent home with a devout father. He assumed that their minds had always been filled with pure thoughts of devotion to God, family and home. It was inconceivable to him that they actually might have had thoughts of men and sex and the marriage bed. After all, Kathleen had never been so worldly.
But was it really so inconceivable? Elizabeth and Evelyn had grown up in London, a sophisticated city where he assumed one might be exposed to all kinds of indecencies, and they had been raised by a governess who may have had loose morals. Obviously they were not nave. And Robert wondered again if he wanted that kind of woman caring for his son. He wasnt sure yet. But one thing he did know; he certainly couldnt condemn her just because of some embroidery on her gown no matter how erotic it was.
He needed to know more about her, and Robert also remembered back to when he and Jamie were getting to that awkward age when their voices were changing and other strange things were happening to their bodies. And forbidden thoughts of girls and kissing and touching would send heat to their faces and other places. And despite the rigors of twice-daily prayers and all day worship on Sunday and instruction in the Bible, those thoughts and feelings never went away. Robert could only guess if girls went through the same thing. He had only had experiences with two women in his life, his late wife, Kathleen, who had been the good little girl, obeying her strict fathers rules to the letter, and with Makki, whose world was completely different from his, and who had no Christian morals whatsoever.
Robert was almost to the door when another lovely, young girl with bright red hair and skin so pale it was almost translucent stepped up to him. He remembered her from a previous meeting, remembered how she had practically thrown herself at him, smiling and cooing and touching him whenever she thought she could get away with it. But for the life of him he could not remember her name and that annoyed him.
Robert, do you need help with your son? She asked, looking up at him with hope in her eyes. Her slim hand touched him lightly on his forearm as she leaned in close.
He took a small step back, a polite smile on his lips. She was a tad too obvious for his liking. Thank you, but no. He said. Elizabeth has already gone ahead of me. He continued as he inched his way by her.
She looked crestfallen, but mercifully let him go.
Luckily there were no other women left in the room, that disturbance Walter had mentioned seemed to have drawn everyone outside. That was fine with him, more than fine with him. He wouldnt have to put up with any more fawning females.
Once upstairs, he checked the bedchamber where he had left his sleeping son. It was empty, but it stank; he recoiled at the sharp odor of urine in the room and noticed that the quilt had been pulled off the bed and draped over a drying rack. The sheets lay on the floor in a puddle and he felt guilty that someone, most likely Sally, poor thing, was going to have a lot of extra laundry to do. All that milk, he thought.
Returning to the hall, he was momentarily startled when Robin came charging out of the room where the children had been, a huge smile on his face. He smelled fresh and clean; he was stark naked and by the joyful look on his face and the way he carried his body, he loved every minute of it. He ran straight into Roberts leg, tightly wrapped his arms around it and promptly jumped on Roberts foot. Robert had to grit his teeth and couldnt stop himself from letting out a grunt of pain. But he didnt scold Robin. He didnt want to turn that smile on his sons face to a frown.
The little boy continued to hold on to his fathers leg while he bounced up and down, saying, Daddy, lady change me.
Despite the pain and inconvenience of being jostled by his small son, Robert smiled down upon him and said, That lady is Mistress Elizabeth and she is your second cousin.
Robin went still and stared up at him, his face blank. Elizabeth? He wouldnt be able to say that name for another year! Second cousin? What was that?
Elizabeth appeared in the doorway, holding a snowy white childs smock. Robin! There you are. Now do come and get your shirt on. She said to him, but then her eyes settled on Robert. She smiled delightedly at him as if to say hes adorable. Robert returned the smile, his eyebrows raised as if to ask, why is he naked? Even though he already knew Robin had wet the bed. And he also realized now that he neednt have worried about Elizabeths competence as a nurserymaid. She looked perfectly natural standing there holding a childs garment in her hands and her long hair tied back and clipped up out of the way.
He was soaking wet. She said, correctly interpreting his expression.
Me wet, Daddy. Little Robin repeated matter-of-factly, looking at Robert with his big, blue eyes.
Thats all right, son. Robert ruffled his flaxen curls. He turned his attention back to Elizabeth when he heard her speaking to him.
This is all I could find for him to wear. She was saying. Do you think Maureen will mind if he wears one of her childrens smocks?
She wont mind. Go get your shirt on now, Robin. Robert urged, giving Robin a gentle nudge with a hand on the back of his head.
Robert watched fondly as his son went willingly back to Elizabeth, skipping in a horses trot. She held out her arms to him and he fell into her embrace with a giggle. Robert realized a bond had already been established between the two of them. He was surprised. But like he had said earlier, she was a pretty girl and Robin liked pretty girls. But Elizabeth must have also treated him kindly and gently. Normally he put up a huge fuss when he had to be cleaned, but there wasnt any evidence that he had behaved badly.
Elizabeth deftly slipped the smock over his head and helped guide his arms into the long sleeves. The smock was made out of a soft wool flannel and tied at the neck with a drawstring. It hung full and loose down to Robins ankles and had separate long leading sleeves, almost like a leash.
Do you want a nappy on him? She asked while she tied the drawstring into a little bow.
Robert didnt get a chance to answer because Robin cried out, NO! No want nappy!
Elizabeth almost laughed, seeing Roberts chagrin. Just the same, he said, Hes fine. No nappy.
Very well. No nappy, young man. Said she, a mildly stern look on her face. But do be good. She tickled him in the stomach. He giggled and Robert stood by watching, feeling something swell in his heart. She was so good with Robin; how could he ever have doubted her? Now, She continued in that universal mothering tone, taking a hold of Robins hand. I have a present for you. Lets go back into my room and see what it is.
Robin practically squealed with excitement. Daddy, you come too? He said, holding his other hand out to his father.
Naturally Robert couldnt refuse his son, seeing that excitement, but he would have preferred Elizabeth to have asked him first if it was all right to give Robin a gift. But she hadnt and that annoyed him.
As Robert walked the rest of the way to the door where Elizabeth and Robin waited for him, he eyed Elizabeth over his sons head. What present? He mouthed.
Youll see. She mouthed back, a secret smile on her face. She looked totally pleased with herself and Robert didnt know if he should be worried or not.
Robin could barely contain his excitement as Elizabeth guided him towards the far wall. Where present? He asked, looking up at Elizabeth with shiny, eager eyes, his face all aglow.
Tis in the trunk. She said in a whispery voice that meant to excite him all the more. She pointed to her wood and leather trunk against the wall, laughing when he dropped her hand like a forgotten thing and ran to it
Open! Open! He demanded, pounding on the lid.
Im coming, sweetheart. Elizabeth said with a laugh. Then to Robert in a hushed, delighted voice, she said, He is so cute. Then she quickly turned and hurried to Robins side.
Robert hung back at the door shaking his head in amazement while he watched Elizabeth kneel down in front of the trunk, Robin right at her side. She was having as much fun as Robin was and Robert could not believe how loving and naturally maternal she was. Before he knew it she would be taking his place, he thought annoyingly.
Elizabeth slowly opened the lid of the trunk, whispering something to Robin that Robert couldnt hear and then she took out a stuffed cloth animal that had been made to look exactly like a dog. She handed it to the lad, who looked at it with childish awe. See, tis a dog called a beagle. She said. It has eyes and a nose and big floppy ears. She pointed out each feature with a slim forefinger. And a tail. She ended, tickling his nose with the tip of the tail. Robin squirmed, giggling.
Robert moved into the room so he could have a better view. He had heard what Elizabeth had said out loud, but he still hadnt gotten a good look at the toy. Robin swung around and proudly held it up to show his father, saying, Look, Daddy, aa He couldnt finish because he had forgotten what the animal was. He had never seen a dog before; horses, yes, squirrels, chipmunks, rabbits, deer, goats, sheep, cows, and numerous other wild animals, but never a dog.
A dog, a doggy. Elizabeth whispered in his ear.
A dog-gee. Robin repeated the new word triumphantly, then he immediately sat down on the floor and hugged the stuffed animal to his chest and started rocking it.
Elizabeth came over to stand beside Robert. She looked very pleased with herself.
But Robert was not pleased. He could see that the toy had been expertly stitched and was made from pieces of luxurious velvet in black, brown and white. The stuffed beagle was the same size as a real beagle and had a brown head and brown ears, a black body with white stomach and a black tail with a white tip and its legs were brown where they were attached to the body and then white down to the feet. The eyes, nose and mouth had been meticulously embroidered on the face with silk thread and a pink satin ribbon was tied around its neck. It was too fine a gift for her to give to his son and again he wished she had asked him first.
Where did you get that? From the same person who stitched your gown? He whispered in a hoarse voice so as not to disturb Robin.
For a moment Elizabeths face registered shock. But then she gathered herself. Yes. She said firmly, facing him squarely. My sister stitched it.
Your sister! He hissed, trying to keep his voice down.
What is wrong with that? She hissed back, although she kept her eyes on Robin. The boy was now moving the dog back and forth in front of him on the floor in a walking motion. Look, he likes it.
And did you assume that I would like this? He accused, his voice low and hoarse, flipping one side of her collar over her shoulder and looking pointedly at her breasts.
Elizabeth blushed, but she kept her head high. Yes, I did. I thought you might admire the garden of delight since youre such an earthy man.
Robert didnt know whether he should laugh out loud or be shocked. Neither it seemed as the mood was once again broken by Robins high-pitched voice, saying, MOOOOO.
* * *
Once Robert and Elizabeth had straightened Robin out about animal sounds and taught him a barking sound for a dog, which they almost regretted because they thought he would never shut up, Elizabeth offered to show him her real beagles. Together the two adults put on Robins little moccasins. Naturally Elizabeth asked about them and Robert explained that he had made the soft shoes from some beautifully tanned deer hide that he had received from a good friend. She didnt ask about the friend for which Robert was grateful because she might disapprove, although he shouldnt have cared, but she did admire and compliment his workmanship. He graciously thanked her, even after she jokingly said that his stitchery was almost as good as her sisters!
Exiting the front door of the house, the three of them ran into Maureen and her four children. They all looked clean and refreshed and were talking and laughing gaily as if nothing had happened to upset them earlier. Martha, the oldest, was carrying baby Thomas, while Mary and Phillip each held one of Maureens hands. Maureen was beaming at her children, but when she caught sight of Robert her smile faltered.
Even though he knew it was rude, he studied her face, worried for her health. He wanted to ask her what had happened, but knew that she would say it was none of business. And Robin was demanding her attention, tugging on her skirt and nearly screaming at her. Once Maureen focused on Robin, he proudly showed her his new treasure and once she and her children all oohed and aahed at the toy, Elizabeth explained that they were going to find Evelyn whom she assumed was still watching the dogs. Of course, Maureens children wanted to go along and Elizabeth welcomed them. Robert stayed behind, saying he just wanted a few minutes of Maureens time.
Silently, they watched Elizabeth and the children walk towards the river, but as soon as they were far enough away, Robert immediately turned to Maureen and asked, Are you all right?
I am fine, Robert, really I am. She answered, a gentle smile on her face.
Are you sure? Did he hurt you? Robert persisted, examining every inch of skin on her face and neck. She did look fine; she had washed her face and tidied her hair; her clothing was neat and clean and he noticed that she no longer wore her shawl, but she had donned a lace collar that covered her neck, shoulders, and dcolletage.
Maureen laughed lightly, but Robert continued to frown. Seeing that he wasnt giving up, her smile faded and she said somberly, He did not hurt me; I am all right. She reassured him, touching his jawline with her small fingers.
Hmph. Robert grunted, voicing his doubt.
He is not a brute, you know. Maureen added with a little more heat in her voice. And I like She stopped short, quickly bringing her hand up to cover her mouth. She looked away.
Roberts eyes widened and he gaped at Maureen. Oh my God, she liked it? She was one of those people? He couldnt believe that of her, his sweet sister, but apparently it was true. Oh well, if she liked it, she liked it. He was not going to judge her; after all, he wasnt so pure himself.
Still, there was a moment of awkward silence between them before Robert finally cleared his throat. Ahwhere is he now?
Looking at the horses; smoking with his cronies. She looked in the direction of the paddock, shying away from looking at Robert. He wont go after you again, Robert. She added softly, and then she finally got the nerve to look straight at him. Hes promised me that.
Hmmph. Robert grunted, making a face. There was no reason for him to attack me in the first place. He knows you and I are brother and sister, nothing more.
I know. She said sadly, while they both looked off to the side, squinting in the lowering late afternoon sun. Robert noticed that Phillip was smoking a long, clay pipe along with several of the other men, Edward Sparshott among them. The men were watching the two horses that were in the paddock at this time, Peasblossom and Penny, Jamies mare. Robert could see them talking and gesticulating energetically. They were probably making wagers on when Peasblossom would deliver and how long it would be before Penny was in foal. But you know how he gets sometimes.
Robert just snorted. He really wanted to ask her what had happened since the last time he had seen them to make Phillip attack him like he had. But he knew that this was not the time to ask and Maureen probably wouldnt tell him anyway.
What about you? She asked, examining the cut on his cheek. She gingerly touched the bruised skin around the wound. Does this still hurt?
He just shook his head; he wasnt going to admit to her that it did hurt. Tis just a scratch. He said, dismissively.
Hmmjust a scratch, he says. She said, as if someone else were there to hear. Then she said, her gaze moving back to her children with Elizabeth. It appears that Robin has found a new friend in Elizabeth. She stated casually.
Robert turned to watch also. Elizabeth and the children were crossing the yard, heading towards the river. Elizabeth held Robins hand and he skipped along side her, clutching the cloth dog to his chest with his other arm. Jamie and Evelyn were also farther down the property, almost at the river. It was obvious they had been down to the rivers edge and were now returning with the dogs.
He loves her already. Robert responded in a tone that revealed a touch of jealousy. He saw how happy his son was; he saw how comfortable Robin was with Elizabeth and he saw the way Elizabeths skirts swayed as she walked and the way her long hair cascaded down her back and the way the sun brought out the shiny coppery highlights. For a split second he remembered her taking the clip out of her hair right before they had left the bedchamber and the sudden sharp attraction he had felt at that moment when she had released all that hair. He was feeling that same intense attraction now. He could lose himself in that hair, he thought suddenly. She bribed him with that fine gift. He growled, a touch more harshly than he meant to. His whole body seemed to vibrate with sudden resentfulness.
Maureen looked sharply at him. What is wrong with you? She exclaimed. She hadnt seen Robert this jealous in a long time.
He ignored the question. There was nothing wrong with him. And have you seen that embroidery on her gown? He asked, still bad-tempered.
Maureen began to realize what his problem was and she was overjoyed. Elizabeth would have never shown him that embroidery unless she had felt some connection. Maureen knew that they didnt show that embroidery to just any one. Yes, Ive seen it. She answered nonchalantly, smiling to herself. Ive seen both the twins gowns. The embroidery work is exceptional.
Her sister stitched it. He continued in that same surly tone of voice, not even noticing the change in Maureen. Can you believe that?
Maureen almost laughed. Yes. She answered, amused at Roberts attitude. She didnt think there was anything wrong with their gowns. Their governess was French, you know. And their mother.
He froze, taken aback. I knew about their mother, but not about their governess. He said thoughtfully, a frown on his face.
Now Maureen did laugh, but kindly. Robert She said, smiling affectionately at him. Youre attracted to Elizabeth, arent you? She asked, softly.
Robert immediately opened his mouth to deny it, but in the end, why bother? Maureen would see right through him. And he might as well admit it to himself. He was attracted to Elizabeth, buthe closed his mouth and looked away. His body slumped as all the fight drained out of him.
When he didnt answer, she continued, touching her fingertips to his cheek. Oh my dear Robert, tis all right. Youre allowed to be attracted to another woman.
I know, but I still think about Kathleen quite often. He said in a low voice. I wonder if I will ever stop remembering her. He looked at Maureen, his eyes tortured.
No, you will never stop remembering. She said in a comforting voice. And you shouldnt ever forget for Robins sake, but as time goes by those memories will only occupy a small corner of your heart leaving the rest available to love someone else. Open your heart to Elizabeth. She is a lovely young lady; she would make you a fine wife and a wonderful mother to Robin. And I know that Kathleen would approve; she would not want you to live the rest of your life alone and grieving. You need to be happy again; you need to love again.
Robert heard Maureens words and knew in his heart that they were true. Even though he did visit his Indian lover every month, he hadnt opened his heart to her. He didnt love her. Kathleen had been his first love and he still missed her and the closeness they had shared. This morning he had told Jamie that he was content with his life the way it was, but he hadnt expected to meet a beautiful young woman with captivating green eyes and a come hither message on the bodice of her gown!
He scanned the property, found Elizabeth sitting in the middle of a grassy area with all the children surrounding her and Robin on her lap. Robin still had that cloth beagle clutched tightly in one arm, the other stretched out to the sniffing noses of the dogs. He shrieked with delight when one of them licked his fingers and Elizabeth immediately laughed. Her face was alight with joy; and Robert watched, spellbound, as she interacted with Robin, whispering something in his ear and kissing the top of his head.
Evelyn and Jamie were there also, keeping a tight hold of the dogs leashes. Robert was surprised to see how completely at ease they were with each other, talking and laughing, and stealing touches, as they watched the children play with the dogs. They appeared to have made friends with each other or perhaps friends wasnt quite the right word.
Go to her, Robert; do go. Maureen said, gently urging him.
Finally he nodded his head, turned to her with a small smile, and hugged her tight. Thank you, Maureen. He said thickly.
* * *
Unfortunately on his way to join the happy group on the lawn, Robert was intercepted by Edmund Sparshott. He must have been watching Robert out of the corner of his eye, the sneaky bastard. He stopped Robert right smack in the middle of the yard, where everyone would see them.
Bassett. Sparshott said brusquely, his expression bitter.
Edmund. Robert said politely, but wary.
Did you bring your sword today? Sparshott asked, his hand resting ominously on the hilt of his rapier.
Oh great! Robert thought. Hes challenging me and Im terrible at swordplay. He did have a sword though, both he and Jamie did, nice rapiers that were gifted to them by Francis, (like everything else they owned), but neither one of them was very good at fighting with a sword. They had both learned the basic steps of fencing, thrust, parry, riposte, but didnt practice very often. Maybe he should start practicing again. No, I didnt. Robert said, but then at an attempt at lightness, quipped, But I have my stick. And he raised the tip slightly in demonstration.
Sparshott was not amused. Very funny. He said, then pointed his finger rudely at Roberts chest. Next court day, you and me, and do not forget your sword.
Are you challenging me? Robert demanded, very worried now, but keeping his expression calm.
Make of it what you will
It sounded like a challenge to me. Jamie said, coming up from behind Sparshott. He moved to stand beside his brother, his expression hard.
Robert had seen Jamie coming to his aid but had kept his face blank. Inside, though, he felt awfully glad to have a brother right now.
Sparshott was good at concealing his astonishment at Jamies appearance. He sneered in disgust at the two of them. First big brother comes to the rescue, now little brother does the same. You two are like sucklings, but instead of being attached to teats, youre attached to each other.
Robert had never been so insulted in his life. His face flushed a deep red and falling right into Sparshotts trap, impulsively he growled, I will be there, sir, alone, and with my sword.
Sparshott laughed out loud. Excellent! Im quite looking forward to it. And then he strode away, laughing.
Jamie turned to Robert in a panic. What the hell did you do that for? You do not know how to fight! Hell kill you!
ShhhLets move away from this spot. Robert said, putting his arm around Jamies shoulder and guiding him in the opposite direction of the stables. At the same time, he looked longingly at the sight of Elizabeth, Evelyn and the children, cursing Sparshott for interrupting at this time. Elizabeth and Evelyn were watching with worried looks on their faces. It gave him hope actually.
There was a small grouping of holly and azalea bushes bordering the yard that would afford them some privacy. Now, Robert said firmly, once they were alone and out of view. I will not let him get away with saying that about us.
What does it matter? A few words cannot stab you in the heart. His sword will. Jamie exclaimed, looking very frightened.
Robert appreciated Jamies concern, but he was determined. I have two weeks to practice before Court day. He said thoughtfully. Whos the best swordsman in the colony?
Sparshott. Jamie said bluntly.
Oh God. Robert groaned.
Hes not going to help you. Jamie said sarcastically.
Im really in for it, arent I? Robert said with a rueful smile.
You can always hope that hell be drunk on his whiskey! Jamie suggested, his mood lightened somewhat.
Robert snorted. Maybe Im the one who should be drunk. Maybe Ill fall down before he has a chance to stick me.
Jamie laughed. That would uphold your reputation!
Robert ignored him. Who is the second best swordsman you know? He asked.
Hmmm. Jamie seemed to think for a moment, rubbing his upper lip with his forefinger, then said triumphantly, Adam Cooke!
Adam Cooke? Robert exclaimed. That little squit!
He may be small, but hes as quick as a rutting rabbit! Jamie said firmly. You werent there at the last militia meeting but I saw him practicing with both Richard Milton and Nicholas Clark, and he bested both men.
Robert raised his eyebrows, impressed. Both those men were experts at fencing.
Was he invited to come today? Robert asked. He knew that Francis had handed out invitations to the citizens of James City County at church and at the last county court meeting, but not to the citizens of Charles City County and Adam Cookes land was in Charles City County.
No, I havent seen him. Jamie said.
Well, I guess Ill be making a trip to his farm then, hopefully tomorrow. Do you want to come? He asked his brother, forgetting all about the thought that he was supposed to be doing this alone.
I wouldnt miss it for the world! Jamie grinned.
Good. He said, then switching thoughts, now that he felt better about the upcoming duel. By the way, what was that disturbance that Walter was all excited about? Anything that I should be concerned about?
That wiped the grin off Jamies face in a hurry. I had to punish one of the servants. Oh God, Rob. Jamie suddenly moaned. I never thought I would be like him.
Him? Robert thought. What are you talking about? He asked, completely confused. Him, the servant or himThen he understood. Oh, Jamie, you could never be like him. He reassured Jamie. How could you think that?
I beat him, damn it, I got angry and I whipped him! Jamie cried, his hands in fists at his sides.
Who?
Blockhawshe was in charge of the dogs and he let them go. They chased a rabbit into the stables and frightened the horses.
Were any of the horses hurt? Robert asked quickly.
Just some scrapes, but I was so afraid for them and then I. He shook his head. I just blew up. I dragged him over to the oak tree behind the stables and I whipped him in front of everyone.
Jamie, you had a legitimate reason for punishing him. You are not like Wesley at all. Do not ever think that. Robert said, squeezing his shoulder.
I didnt think I could ever do that, after what he did to us. Jamie still sounded dejected.
Robert consoled him with a gentle hand cupping the side of his neck. He looked into his eyes. You are not like Wesley. He said in firm, measured words. You will never be like him so do not worry yourself over it. All right?
Jamie just nodded him head, his expression thankful.
Good. Robert said. Then eyeing his brother thoughtfully. You know, I saw you with Mistress Evelyn and how you seemed to be ratherah He grinned, waving his hand around.  I do not knowfriendly I guess?
Now Jamie did blush. Yes, we have become friends. He said vaguely, avoiding Roberts eye.
Uh huh Robert prompted him, purposely peering into Jamies face. And?
Oh Jesus! I cannot hide anything from you, can I? Jamie complained. Well, if you must know... He said, with a growing smile. We kissed. Down by the river. And more than once.
Robert laughed, then clapped his brother on the back. You little devil, you! He teased Jamie. His little brother, at nineteen and still a virgin, had found himself a sweetheart.
Jamie continued, sighing, I have never kissed a girl like that. I have never felt soso he searched for the right words.
So.what? Robert asked, pleased for his brother.
So captivated. There is something different about her, not like any of the other girls Ive met before.
Yes, there is something different about them. Robert agreed, speaking musingly. He turned his head to look over the holly bushes that they were using for cover. Elizabeth was still there with Evelyn and the children and the dogs. She looked radiant in the sunshine, her hair sparking copper and gold and amber. Evelyn looked even more radiant, if that were possible, but she had been kissed by Jamie.
Jamie noticed. You feel it too! He exclaimed in wonder and growing excitement. For Elizabeth?
Robert looked back at Jamie with a reluctant smile on his face. I feel it too. He said, admitting it finally. He took a deep breath and let out a long sigh through his nose. We are doomed, I believe, Jamie, wearedoomed.
Jamie grinned all the more. If we are doomed, Rob, then at least Ill go with a smile on my face.


Chapter Seven: Fateful Words

It was not to happen again! Just when Robert thought he would be able to spend some time with Elizabeth and his son, Maureen came out through the front door and approached him and Jamie. He was immediately concerned. It was obvious that she had been crying and she was still dabbing her eyes with a fine, lace-edged handkerchief when Robert and Jamie rushed to her side.
What happened, Maureen? Robert immediately asked. The question seemed to renew her tears and she shook her head, unable to speak.
Jamie put his arm around her and held her while she wept quietly against his shoulder. The brothers eyes met, both of them worried now. They hadnt seen Maureen cry like this since the death of her sister, wrenching, silent sobs that shook her shoulders and tore at Roberts heart. He felt useless as he gently rubbed her back and waited quietly for her to recover.
Finally spent, she wiped her eyes and blew her nose. Im sorry. She said, her voice high and wavering on the edge of cracking. Ive just been to see father
Robert felt a jolt of fear. He and Jamie exchanged another look of dread. Not wanting to voice the horrible thought, Robert stuttered, Is he? Is he?
No, hes not. Maureen said, sniffling. She took a deep breath and her voice deepened with sadness as she continued, But Im losing hope and I think he is too. He and his solicitor have just spoken to me and Phillip; and now he wants to see you two.
Oh no. Robert moaned.
Maureen continued, Im also to send the twins to see him shortly. Worry not, Robert, Ill tend to Robin.
But surely hell be finished with Jamie and me before he sees the girls. Ill be able to watch Robin myself. Robert said, frowning.
No. Maureen said gently. Do not be alarmed, but he wants to see you and Jamie first, then he wants to see all four of you together.
Together! Robert gasped. He stood there as if he had been shot through with an arrow. In his mind that could only mean one thing and he wasnt sure if he could handle that right now.
But the implication of that statement didnt affect Jamie in the same manner. Hes saying good-bye to everyone, isnt he? He asked somberly.
Not only that. Maureen said, ignoring Robert for the moment. She couldnt meet his eyes. He has rewritten his will. He wants everyone to know she stopped short, another sob escaping.
Jamie pulled her close again, his worried look meeting Roberts. Robert frowned, not liking at all what he was hearing.
Sniffling, Maureen continued, You must go quickly. The doctor said father is going to need his rest tonight.
* * *
Robert and Jamie walked in silence to the house, dreading the upcoming visit with their adoptive father. It was almost as if voicing their fears would make them come true. Both young men recalled the scene in the bedroom earlier: Francis Tyler, specter-like, standing in the doorway, the doctor supporting him on one side, his claw-like hand on the other side clutching the doorframe so he wouldnt fall down. Robert knew eventually that this day would come upon them, death was a frequent visitor to the young colony of Virginia, but he had hoped with all his heart that God might have waited many more years before calling this kindhearted man home.
So it was with great shame that Robert also couldnt get over what Maureen had said about Tyler wanting to see the four of them together. In his mind he had already deduced that Tyler had put it in his will that he and Jamie would become responsible for Elizabeth and Evelyn, most likely as their husbands.
He was truly surprised at the anger he felt towards his father after all Tyler had done for him and his brother. The man had done everything for them and had given them everything they ever needed, including unconditional love, support and compassion. Everything he and Jamie knew about life in this colony they had learned from him; how to survive off of the native plants and animals, how to hunt and fish, and how to run a prosperous plantation. They had also learned how to behave like proper gentlemen; they had learned how to read and write and do simple math, how to keep accounts and how to bargain and trade and barter to their advantage. They had learned discipline, but they had also learned to love and trust again, something they had once known, but had forgotten after the death of their real father. Surely Robert could give something back. Surely he could honor Tylers request and look beyond his own personal needs.
He didnt believe Jamie was having a problem with the prospect of possibly having to marry one of the twins. Despite the fact that Jamie had been very busy these past few years, preparing for the horses and then taking care of them when they had arrived, he, at times, had been very lonely. Robert knew that every Sunday before and after church, Jamie sometimes flirted with several of the single girls, but nothing serious ever came out of it. The right woman had just not been there for Jamie, but just minutes ago Jamie had confided in him that he had kissed Mistress Evelyn and had felt affection for her. Could it be that fate had brought the twins here for them?
There was no one in the hallway when they entered the house for which both brothers were grateful. Neither one of them was feeling very sociable. They did hear a few voices in the two main rooms, both men and women talking and laughing together, but most everyone was still outside enjoying the last warmth and sunshine of the afternoon.
Once Robert and Jamie approached the door to Tylers bedchamber, the two brothers embraced before entering. Robert had propped his stick up against the doorframe so he could hug Jamie with both arms. It just seemed appropriate to make the effort. They clung to each other in silence for a moment, taking comfort and finding strength from each other. Whatever their fate may be, they were about to find out.
The bedchamber was dark after the brightness of outdoors and if it hadnt been for the roaring fire in the small fireplace at one end of the room, it would have felt like a tomb. All the shutters on the windows had been closed, making the room very dark and warm. Robert was glad that he was only wearing a shirt and breeches and not the heavy wool doublet and breeches he originally had planned to wear. But Jamie was wearing his new doublet and breeches and out of the corner of his eye, Robert could see little beads of sweat forming on Jamies upper lip.
Gentlemen, do come in please. The solicitor said, waiting for them right inside the door. His name was John Arnall and he was a thin man of average height with a long, thin face, a pointy little chin and closely set eyes. His clothing, a fine doublet and breeches made from black genoa cut velvet with a floral pattern worked into the fabric and a startling white cambric shirt, bespoke of his prosperity. His long black hair had been tied back into a tail at the back of his head to keep it out of the way and he smelled strongly of ink. Most likely he had been writing the new will all afternoon.
The boys stepped in, side by side, Robert holding on to Jamies forearm for balance. Robert had left his stick out in the hall not wanting to alarm his father with his injury. Slowly they moved closer to the bed and saw their first sight of Francis Tyler since they had seen him in the hall. They were more shocked than they had been then. They had always remembered him as being healthy and full of life, striding purposefully over his land, riding his horses commandingly, serving proudly in the militia, enjoying the fellowship of his neighbors and friends, devoutly worshipping God, and wholly loving his family. But now he was propped up on several pillows in his bed, covered with several quilts, looking small and wasted. His face was gaunt and tired-looking, his reddish-brown hair had been severely pulled back, accentuating all the bones in his face. And if it hadnt been for the ruddy glow from the hickory fire, his skin would have been as white as the sheets he now lay upon.
But his eyes were warm with the love he felt for these two sons.
Robert; Jamie. He said in a raspy voice, beckoning them with a limp hand. Do come closer; sit here. He indicated two stools that had been positioned next to the bed, close to the head of it. His voice was so soft Robert and Jamie had to strain to hear him.
Roberts heart was pounding too fast and he was afraid someone might actually hear it. He stole a glance at Jamie and noticed that Jamie looked stricken with fear. He was staring at Tyler, afraid to move.
We came as soon as Maureen told us. Robert said, his voice low and shaky. Tyler smiled serenely. He held out his hand to Robert and Robert had to pull a little on Jamies arm to get him to move right up to the side of the bed. So far Roberts leg was holding up well and he could stand steadily enough as he clasped his fathers hand.
Do sit down. Tyler said. After the boys had settled themselves on the stools, he continued, Im hugely glad you came today, Robert. It has been too long since weve seen you. He chided, making Robert feel as guilty as a sinner. Did you bring Robin with you?
Yes, hes outside now with Elizabeth and Evelyn.
Good, good. Tyler said as if it were a normal occurrence. His mind didnt seem to be as sharp as it used to be.
Would you like to see him? Robert asked, trying his hardest to keep his voice steady. He didnt want it to be known how afraid he really was. I could bring him in later after youve rested some.
That would be fine. Tyler said, his words almost slurred. That frightened Robert even more; Tyler had never slurred his words before. And Jamie, how are those horses of yours? I was hoping I would be able to see them before. His words ended as he yawned hugely, his chest heaving in order to draw in as much oxygen as he could.
Jamie jerked, realizing that Tyler had spoken to him. He looked to Robert for support and relaxed a little when Robert nodded encouragingly. The horses are fine, father. Jamie said, trying to sound as if nothing was wrong, but he was nervously wringing his hands, cracking a knuckle or two in the process. Robert frowned at him and Jamie stopped. Theyre strong and healthy and happy to be here, I think. He added, with a little smile.
Good, good. Tyler murmured again. He was quiet for a moment as if he were falling asleep. Robert noticed that the solicitor was moving toward the desk in the corner. Arnall lit several candles, then picked up some papers, slipped on a pair of spectacles and scanned them quickly. When he was satisfied with whatever he had read over, he cleared his throat quite loudly.
Tyler came awake with a start. He looked confused for a second; then when he focused on Arnall, he seemed to remember something. Oh yes. He said. He turned his attention to the brothers again. My boys. He said, smiling with effort. You know I have always thought of you as my boys.
Yes, father. They said simultaneously, then smiled nervously at each other.
And you know how disappointed I was when I learnt that I could not legally adopt you.
This made Robert and Jamie shift guiltily in their seats. All those years ago, as soon as Francis had decided that he had wanted to officially adopt the boys, he had sent his agent back to England to do some more investigating. He had learned the truth then, that they were still the legal charges of their older brother, the Earl of Pennington. This had shocked Tyler, but he hadnt been able to give them up; he hadnt been able to send them back to their true home, especially when he had seen the scars on the boys backs. He knew he would never send them back.
But he also had never told the boys, he had let them believe that their secret was safe; he had even gone so far as to give the boys his last name since they had lied from the beginning and refused to reveal their real names. But when Robert had asked for Kathleens hand in marriage, Tyler knew that Robert must wed under his real name. Everything had to be legal so it was then that Tyler had told them he knew their true identities and from that moment on, the boys real names had been restored to them.
Tyler continued, You have always made me proud and you have never disappointed me.
Robert knew this wasnt true; just this morning he had disappointed his father by fighting with Phillip. But Tyler didnt seem to remember that or he didnt think it was
important. Robert kept quiet. Jamie did too.
Do not doubt that I have always loved you. Tyler continued, all the while looking lovingly upon the brothers.
We love you too, father. Robert said quickly and unashamedly.
I know, son. I have been blessed. The good Lord answered my prayers when he delivered the two of you to me. I do not question Him now nor His will. There was silence as Tyler took several slow deep breaths. And then, quite calmly, he said, I am dying and as much as it pains me to leave you boys, I will go to Him with peace in my heart knowing that He will be watching over you.
No Robert gasped, his heart pounding. Jamie looked like he was about to cry.
Shhh. Tyler said soothingly, as if he were speaking to a child. Do not mourn me. Rejoice with me; I will soon be with my beloved Aileen and Kathleen. I have missed them so much.
Jamie was crying now, silent tears rolling down his cheeks. Robert just sat there, shaking. It was happening again; he had no control again. Another person who he loved with all his heart was being taken from him and he felt so lost, so helpless.
We do not want you to die. Jamie said through his tears.
Tyler smiled at him, love and affection in his rheumy hazel eyes. I know you dont, son, but it is my time.
From the opposite side of the room, the solicitor cleared his throat again. Mr. Tyler, sir, excuse me for interrupting. He said, holding a stack of papers. But we need to tend to business before the twins arrive.
These words brought Robert back to the real reason why they were here like a splash of icy cold water thrown in his face. The twins. While Robert was shamefully curious to know what was in the will concerning him and Jamie, he was dreading the arrival of the twins and what would be read from that sheaf of papers. In one printed line his entire life would be changed and he wasnt ready for that. Just this morning he had mentioned to Jamie how he had finally found some contentment in the invariable routine of his life.
Jamies life would change also, although he might welcome the addition of a wife in his life.
Of course, John, just a few more words before you begin. Tyler said. Then he spoke his final words to the two young men. Robert, Jamie, I have done my best for you two. Sadly I was not given enough time to do the same for my nieces. They are quite alone in this world. Do not be angry with me. I know you will be kind and generous.
Robert felt like he had been punched in the stomach. Those words had confirmed his worst fears. He stared at his adoptive father, clearly displeased. How could Tyler do this to him? He didnt want to be forced into a marriage to someone he barely knew, even if he had admitted to himself that he did feel some attraction towards Elizabeth. He would also have to give up the secret relationship he had with Makki. He knew his conscience would never allow him to keep a mistress while he was married.
He opened his mouth to say something, but Francis Tyler put up his hand, stopping him. He said what he thought was true. I know, son, you still grieve for Kathleen and I appreciate that, but she is gone two years now and my nieces need kind and generous protectors. Remember when you needed the same.
That rendered Robert speechless. Yes, he did still grieve for Kathleen, but that was not the only reason he was opposed to a marriage.
Robert remained silent, fighting feelings of betrayal. Tyler was not giving him a choice and he was blatantly calling upon his honor as a gentleman. He was also being called upon to repay kindnesses bestowed on him. But he and Jamie had been childrenand desperateand they had been willing to work; they had even signed contracts of indenture. They hadnt asked for anything. He stiffened on the stool, crossed his arms in front of his chest and pressed his lips together in anger. He turned away from Tyler.
Robert, look at me. Francis Tyler pleaded.
But he wouldnt.
Jamie frowned at Roberts reaction. What is wrong with you? He whispered to his brother. Father only said that the girls would need protectors. He didnt mean for us to marry them, did he?
What do you think? Robert snapped, keeping his voice low.
I think I wouldnt mind marrying Evelyn and you just said you were attracted to Elizabeth.
I am, but that doesnt mean I want to marry her!
Jamie looked distressed for a moment, then his eyes widened as an idea came to him. Oh. He said, You would have to give up
Shh! Robert shushed him sharply. Do not say anything! He hissed at Jamie, glaring at him.
Jamie settled down. All right, but youll regret this. Talk to him, at least.
No. Robert remained stiff and resolute, his arms crossed in front of his chest.
Fool. Jamie hissed at him. Shaking his head, he turned to his father. Well do our best, father. Well take care of them. He spoke for his brother and himself.
Thank you, James. Tyler said with a warm smile. Then with a glance at Robert and a sigh, he addressed Mr. Arnall. Go ahead, John.
The man had moved to the foot of the bed and was now clearing his throat once again. He inclined his head to Robert, who had reluctantly turned to face the solicitor, and then to Jamie, saying, Gentlemen, before I begin to read from the last will and testament of Master Francis Tyler, it is my duty to inform you of certain facts concerning this document. Due to the recent arrival of Mr. Tylers nieces and to his sudden illness, it had been necessary to rewrite Mr. Tylers will. He has asked this of me this day and I have been pleased to record his final wishes on this paper. While this will has not been officially recorded with the county clerk and cannot, in all legality, supersede the document that is on record at this time, it has been witnessed by Samuel Mathews and George Menefie, two prominent citizens of this county of James City. I would remind you that these gentlemen would find it most insulting if you questioned their signatures and I would also remind you that it would be most dishonorable of you to challenge the contents of this document.
Robert sat there duly chastened. So, he was being warned. They knew how he was going to react! While he could legally challenge the will if Tyler died before the new will could be recorded with the county clerk, he would be looked upon as an ungrateful wretch. The whole colony knew what Francis Tyler had done for the two young men and if Robert voiced one objective word, he would probably be shunned for life. Even though he had no idea of what was in the first will and really didnt care what had been bequeathed to him, he knew without a doubt that there was nothing about the twins in it. He would have to accept this will and he would have to do it graciously, whether he liked it or not.
Mr. Arnall began. With that said, because of these unusual circumstances I will not be reading the entire will, only the section that concerns you two. He stopped here to adjust the papers, holding them at the right angle to take advantage of the light from both the candles and the fire in the fireplace. Then in a detached professional voice, he recited, I bequeath to my sons, Robert Alexander Bassett and James Andrew Bassett, the remaining two thousand four hundred acres of the Blackstone plantation to be divided as follows: one thousand acres to Robert and fourteen hundred to James
Both brothers gasped at this. They thought the five hundred acres that Robert had received when he had married Kathleen and the one hundred acres that Jamie had received as freedom dues was the entire property. Now each of them would have fifteen hundred acres of adjoining land. They were astonished; but Arnall was not finished.
In a monotone he continued, I also leave fifty pounds sterling to each of them. To Robert I transfer the indentureship of the servant, Nathan, and leave my two favorite books, Merchants Avizo Verie Necessarie for their Sonnes and Servants When They First Send them beyond the Seas and The Method Physic. To Robert and Kathleens son, Robin Francis Bassett, I leave a cow and her calf, to be placed in the possession of his father, Robert, at the time of my death. And the book, Aesops Fables.
To James, I transfer the indentureship of the servant, Dolnick. I also leave my stallion, Apollo, and my mare, Peasblossom
When Jamie heard this, he gasped out loud. He gaped at Tyler, he was so overwhelmed. Tyler smiled; it was a tired smile, but it pleased him to see Jamie so happy. Father Jamie said. You are much too generous! What about Phillip and Maureen? Shouldnt they receive the horses?
Tyler just flapped his hand weakly, dismissing Jamies concerns. No, you should have Apollo and Peasblossom. And do not worry yourselves, both of you. Phillip, Maureen and their children have been amply settled.
Which was true, Robert thought. They would be inheriting this prosperous plantation along with the remaining eighteen indentured servants, Tylers merchant business and the silk producing operation which Phillip was already familiar with, and this house along with everything in it. But Robert was not in the least bit jealous. In fact, his head was swirling. He didnt know what to feel anymore. He was obviously grateful to Tyler for his generosity, but it seemed that all these bequeathals came with a price.
At that moment Elizabeth and Evelyn arrived, standing hesitantly in the doorway. Robert and Jamie immediately stood, their manners intact, although Robert needed a little help from Jamie with a hand at his elbow. They watched as the girls stepped in cautiously at the behest of the solicitor and then Robert watched as Jamie and Evelyn exchanged a small, shy smile. He wasnt quite sure, but he thought he saw Evelyn blushing. His eyes met Elizabeths and she nodded politely, but she did not smile. Robert wondered at the expression on her face. She looked almost apologetic and a little sympathetic, but what could she possibly be sorry for? He could tell that it was more than just sympathy for his dying father. It was almost as if she already knew what was to come and was apologizing for her part in it, even though she had no choice in the matter herself. But how could she know? Had she just had the same assumption or had Maureen actually told her and Evelyn what was in the new will? Robert was certain that the entire will had been read to Maureen and Phillip, informing them of the contents.
Greetings were exchanged, each of the girls tenderly kissing their uncle in turn, for they had also been the recipient of his kind and gentle ways for the short time they had been in his home. And then they settled themselves on the stools that Robert and Jamie had given up for them.
If they were nervous or sad or excited or angry, they didnt reveal their feelings. They sat very straight and still, perfectly composed, holding hands as they were wont to do, all their attention focused on the solicitor. Robert couldnt imagine how they could be so calm. Their lives had changed so dramatically these past five months and now it seemed they were about to change again. But perhaps because they had been through this before with their own father, they were more prepared.
Among the crackling of the fire and the labored breaths of Francis Tyler, Mr. Arnall once again explained the circumstances that had prompted this unusual reading of the will and the conditions under which it had been written. He informed the twins that they would inherit the one hundred and fifty acres of land (fifty acres each for Elizabeth, Evelyn and their governess) that had been granted to Tyler at the time of their arrival since they had been paying passengers. This took them all by surprise, the twins and the brothers. Where is the land? Robert thought, but that was none of his business. At least Tyler had bequeathed the land to the twins rather than to Phillip. That would have been the traditional thing to do. Anyway, it didnt matter to him. That land wasnt his concern unless
At that thought, Arnall then read the words that would bind these four young people together for a lifetime.
It is my fervent hope and my final request , that upon my death, that my son Robert Alexander Bassett and my niece, Elizabeth Lillian Tyler and my son, James Andrew Bassett and my niece, Evelyn Marie Tyler do enter into the holy state of matrimony as soon as I have been laid to rest.
The sentence had been read; the gavel had been dropped. Robert closed his eyes, feeling trapped. It was true that he had felt some attraction towards Elizabeth and that her loving nature towards his son had warmed his heart, but they didnt even know each other. They had only met hours ago! He had always hated the thought of arranged marriages where a husband and wife were more like business partners. And now he was being forced into one.
And what about the girls? Did they have a choice? What if the twins didnt want to marry them? Had Tyler provided any support for them other than the land if they decided not to marry? Apparently not; it seemed the twins didnt have any choice in the matter which was typical.
When he opened his eyes again, he glanced at Elizabeth. She still stared straight ahead at the solicitor, as if she were deep in thought. She looked very calm, not panicked at all, or angry, or sad; and of course, she and Evelyn were holding hands. He felt piqued by that and he didnt know why. And then as if she had felt his eyes on her she turned to look at him. She smiled this time, a gentle, warm smile, and he felt ashamed of himself.
Jamie was the first to speak. He had been standing directly behind Evelyn while Arnall had read the terms of the will, but now much to everyones surprise he moved in front of her, knelt down on one knee, covered her free hand with his own and with genuine feeling said, I shall take care of you, Evelyn. I promise I shall do my best to always take care of you and keep you safe.
I know you will, Jamie. Thank you. She answered, smiling affectionately at him. He returned the mutual smile, stood up, but stayed beside her and kept his hand on her shoulder.
Seconds skipped by and Robert realized everyone was waiting for him to do the same. He looked at Elizabeth and unlike Evelyn, whose face was now aglow, Elizabeth was staring at her lap and picking at her fingernails. She looked like she was about to cry and Robert decided he needed to say something.
He stepped up beside her, but he didnt get down on one knee and he didnt make any promises. Elizabeth had to look up at him as he quietly asked, Are you happy about this?
If Elizabeth was surprised by his question, she didnt show it. It seemed that in these past five months no one had ever asked her or Evelyn what they wanted to do with their lives or if they were in any way troubled by the arrangements that had been made on their behalf. They had simply been told what to do and when to do it, and just when she had the chance to speak her mind and declare, No! I am not happy. I do not want to marry you. I do not want to follow any more orders! she didnt do it. Instead, with quiet dignity, she answered, I am.
You do not want to wait and perhaps meet someone else? He persisted.
No. She said simply.
Robert stood there looking at her in silence for a few minutes. He wanted to scream at her, Why! Why are you so accepting of these terms? He was so frustrated because he didnt understand her at all. She met his gaze unwaveringly; there was no fear of him or revulsion or anxiety, just quiet acceptance.
He finally let out a sigh, letting his frustrations go. He didnt want to fight her and he certainly didnt want to purposely reject her and possibly hurt her feelings. There was time to get answers later. Very well, then. He said, drawing himself up. We will marry as my father wishes us to and as Jamie has promised your sister to care for her and to keep her safe, I shall also promise to do my best to care for you and keep you safe.
Thank you. Elizabeth murmured, a pleased look on her face. Evelyn squeezed her hand and they shared a small, secret smile.
Robert made a face. What was going on? Had they arranged this whole affair?
But before Robert could think on it further, Arnall spoke again. Now that we are all in agreement there is only the matter of the four of you signing the marriage licenses that Mr. Tyler had me draw up earlier. Then tomorrow I shall register the documents with the county clerk and pay the fee. The licenses will allow you to marry at any time.
Thank you, John. Tyler said, This makes me very happy, but there is one more thing the girls must hear. They must know the truth about Robert and James.
What truth? Both Elizabeth and Evelyn asked simultaneously, suddenly alert. What have you not told us, Uncle? Evelyn asked, sounding like a little girl.
But Tyler was too tired to continue. He looked to Jamie to do the explaining for him. Jameswill you? He fell silent, too weary to continue.
Evelyn turned to stare at Jamie. Jamie? She questioned in a small voice.
He let out a little laugh. Tis not bad. He said, caressing her shoulder in reassurance. Were not monsters.
I never thought you were, but She stopped short, and Robert wondered what she had been about to say. She had a guilty look on her face that Robert didnt like. What was she really thinking? That they were criminals? Drunkards? Savages? Slubberdegullions?
No, Jamie and I are not monsters. Robert spoke up firmly. He moved to stand before the twins. If his father wanted the girls to know the truth, he would tell them even though he thought it was unimportant. That life was behind them and they would never go back. Jamie, do you mind if I tell them?
Jamie shrugged his shoulders as if he didnt care. Go ahead. He said.
The girls had identical looks of anticipation on their faces as they stared up at Robert, waiting for this mysterious information. It was still something of a shock to him to see the same face on two different people. If it werent for their different colored gowns, he would be lost.
He was nonchalant as he began, making a dismissive gesture with one hand. As you know, Jamie and I were orphans when we came here, but we had an older brother and most likely we still have an older brother. His name is Wesley Charles Bassett and he is the third Earl of Pennington
The twins gasped, their eyes wide with shock, their mouths agape. They sat up a little straighter as Robert continued despite their reaction. Our father was Robert Alexander Bassett, Im named after him; he was the second Earl and our grandfather was Wesley James Bassett, the first Earl. He received his title and lands from Queen Elizabeth in 1584.
So you two are sons of an Earl. Elizabeth stated slowly and matter-of-factly, her expression so neutral Robert couldnt discern what she was thinking. Your family is of the peerage.
Robert nodded. Yes, we are, but that does not mean. Robert suddenly stopped, frowning deeply because Elizabeth and Evelyn were suddenly looking at each other and laughing!
What the hell is so funny? Robert demanded, stiff with indignation. Did they think he was lying? He caught Jamies eye, but Jamie just shrugged his shoulders.
It was Elizabeth who spoke first, wiping at her eyes. Oh Robert, I am so sorry. I did not mean to laugh like that, but it is all so ironic!
What is? He asked. He was enormously confused by their reaction, but at least they hadnt all of a sudden gone mushy and fawning or worse, greedy and hopeful, although there was still time for that.
Our father told us some of the most awful things She started to say, but then stopped short when Evelyn shushed her with an elbow to her ribs.
Shh. Not in front of Uncle Francis. She whispered to Elizabeth.
But Tyler heard. I never intended to hurt your father. He said, his voice strained, sad, rueful and weary. The four people went silent as he struggled to continue. His voice was a mere whisper; he could barely get the words out. He was my only brother; I loved him, I never thought He looked at his nieces with such sorrow in his eyes.
Uncle, please. Evelyn hurriedly stood up and went to his side. He was struggling so and she wanted him to stop. She took his hand into hers and it was so cold it alarmed her. Weve already had this conversation and you have already apologized to us. We do not blame you. You must rest now.
You are? Tyler asked the girl in front of him; he clearly didnt know which one was which.
I am Evelyn. She said gently, not seeming to mind that she had to tell him.
Evelynwhat a lovely nameEvelyn. He drew out the name, pronouncing it in two syllables as it should be pronounced. Are you happy? He asked, his voice sounding weaker now. Are you happy with James?
Evelyn smiled warmly at her uncle not wanting to distress him. Oh yes, Uncle, I am very happy with Jamie. And she reached out her hand to Jamie and he immediately came to her side and slipped his arm around her waist. Were very happy, father. Jamie said softly, realizing Tylers time was nearing. Evelyn then reached out with her other hand to Elizabeth, saying, And Elizabeth is very happy with Robert. Arent you, Bess?
Elizabeth went willingly to her sisters side and took Evelyns hand. She smiled warmly at her, realizing what Evelyn was doing. Yes. She said while still smiling at Evelyn, then she turned her gaze to her uncle and stated, I am also happy with Robert.
Robert finally came to his senses and realized what they were doing. They were taking away all of Tylers guilt and his sorrow over the unfortunate circumstances concerning his brother, and making him feel at peace. He went to Elizabeths side by his own choice and smiled at her look of surprise and delight. He slipped his arm around her tiny waist and Tyler looked at the four of them as if to memorize their faces. The frown was gone from his brow, the lines smoothed from between his eyes and from around his mouth. He looked calm and peaceful and then without warning his breathing slowed and his eyes slowly closed. Robert, Jamie, Elizabeth and Evelyn and the solicitor stood motionless in the stifling, warm room with the crackling fire and the candles burning on the desk and watched in silence as Francis Tyler inhaled one last time.
And then through the silence, they heard the awful sound that signaled Tylers death; his final, slow, lengthy rattling exhalation.
Father? Robert called, but he knew he was gone. Jamie bowed his head and pulled Evelyn into his arms, and she held him as the first of his tears came. Robert stood stoically, his gaze fixed on his adoptive father. He didnt even move when Elizabeth took his hand into hers, offering comfort.
We must call the doctor. John Arnall said straightaway, coming forward.
Yes, of course. Do that. Robert finally responded.
The solicitor hurried out the door then, returning mere minutes later with Doctor Harris.
It was with great sorrow that the doctor confirmed Francis Tylers death. The man just didnt understand it. His treatments of emetics, clysters and bloodletting were supposed to balance the bodys humors and restore the patient to health, but more often than not, the patient died.
I am sorry; I did my best. The grungy little man said, his defeated gaze taking in the four young people in the room.
Robert and Jamie now stood side by side, their arms touching, and the girls were on either side of them. Jamie swiped at his eyes. We know you did. He said.
But Robert was not so kind. All of a sudden he was filled with a violent rage and he felt like he was going to explode. No, no you did not. He said in a low, hard voice. Then his voice rose with each word. You killed him! You killed him with your worthless treatments! Now get out, you filthy, barbarous murderer! He shouted.
Elizabeth and Evelyn both gasped at the accusation.
How dare you, sir! The doctor bristled in indignation. Despite his less-than sanitary practices, he took his profession very seriously. How dare you question my integrity! I will see you in court, sir. And without waiting for any response he began to gather up his medical supplies.
He didnt mean it! Jamie immediately said, afraid for Robert. He grabbed his brothers arm. Rob, apologize; tell him you didnt mean it. He pleaded.
The doctor stopped in the doorway, willing to give the reckless, young man one last chance. But Robert didnt say a word, just stood there, glaring at the doctor. He didnt care if he was hauled in court for slander; he didnt care that he wasnt acting like a gentleman of honor; his parents were dead; his adoptive father was dead; his wife was dead; he just didnt care.
Jamie shook him, frantic and angry. Say something! He ordered. Be reasonable.
Robert just jerked his arm from Jamies grasp and turned away.
Jamie let out a frustrated cry.
The doctor straightened. Pointing a finger at each of the people, he declared, You are all witnesses. I will have justice. And he turned on his heel and left.
Jamie lost all control. He whirled on his brother. What is the matter with you today? Have you gone mad? First you insult Sparshott and get challenged to a duel, and now you insult the doctor for which you could get sent to the pillory with a sentence of thirty or forty stripes! How reckless can you be?
Do not stand there and judge me! Robert snapped. He stabbed his finger at his brother. You agree with me. You hate those treatments as much as I do.
But this was not the time Jamie was shaking, dissolving under the weight of his grief. His voice was now like a little boys. Do you not understand? Rob, I need you now
A keening scream broke the tension between the brothers. And before they could move, Maureen ran into the room, crying hysterically. The doctor must have given her the horrible news as he stormed down the stairs and out of the house. She dropped to her knees at the side of the bed and sobbed pitifully.
Robert and Jamie started to go to her, but Phillip, looking natty in a clean, elaborately embroidered doublet and breeches, strode in and took control. He was perfectly sober now and as head of the Tyler holdings, he felt it was his responsibility to handle this most unfortunate situation.
Thank God you are here. The solicitor said.
Robert rolled his eyes at the solicitors words. Phillip to the rescue. Ha! Robert still felt resentful towards Phillip even though Maureen had assured him that he wouldnt come after Robert again. But Phillip still had not come directly to Robert and apologized. Robert realized he just couldnt stay in this room any longer.
Im sorry, Jamie. Robert said, then he turned to the girls and murmured, Ladies And to the solicitor, he said, If you need me, Ill be..somewhere. He finished, not knowing where he was going to go. He only knew that he had to get away from here and he had to find Robin. With Maureen and the twins here, he assumed Maureens eldest daughter would be watching Robin, but she had her own sister and brothers to tend to.
Rob, wait Jamie called, taking a step, but Robert ignored him and walked out all on his own and without looking back.
* * *
Robert found himself standing by the window in his old bedchamber, looking over Tylers property. He felt like he was in a bubble; he felt like he was all alone, like all those people out there were still gay and happy and continuing on with their lives, apart from him. Until they learned of their hosts death they would be separate from him; they wouldnt be sharing his grief, they wouldnt understand his plight. They wouldnt know that his world had stopped for this moment and that time was standing still while everyone else went on as if nothing had happened.
Silent tears streamed down his face as he stood, grieving. He had tried his hardest not to cry, he kept swallowing the sobs, but his sorrow was just too profound. He didnt go to find Robin as he originally thought he should. He couldnthe couldnt face anyone, not even his son. He had found himself just wandering into the familiar space that he had shared with his brother for six years, remembering all the times when Francis Tyler had come into the room at bedtime to wish the boys a good night. He remembered the moment he had set eyes on the kind man for the first time, stepping off the boat with his brother, clutching each others hands, shaking from fear and hope and uncertainty and expectation, waiting while the agent explained the situation to his boss.
And then he remembered the kindness, his warm smile, the firm but loving hand on his shoulder, the words of welcome. Robert remembered the overwhelming relief he had felt and how he hadnt been able to control the sobs that had seized him. He remembered how he had been so embarrassed to be crying like a baby; he had wanted to show the man he wasnt a sissified twelve-year-old boy. But then strong arms enveloped him and Jamie, holding them, comforting them and Robert had felt himself relent.
The sun was low in the sky now, hanging over the James River like a huge fireball. Robert hadnt realized how long he had been standing in the room. It would be getting dark soon, but he made no move to light any candles. He simply stayed by the window and continued to watch as several of the servants lit torches around the property.
Nathan and Dolnick, the two men Robert and Jamie would be taking home with them, appeared from the garden shed, carrying shovels. They headed towards an enclosed area under a fifty-foot persimmon tree about one hundred feet from the side of the house. That was where Tylers wife was buried and it was also where Kathleen was buried. And two unfortunate indentured servants who hadnt even survived their first summer here, succumbing to the oppressive heat and the tertian ague.
Back in England they would have been buried in the local churchyard. All Englishmen and women loathed the thought of burying their loved ones on their own property in unconsecrated ground, but unusual circumstances in Virginia, the lack of sufficient churchyards, the need to bury their dead quickly, especially in the summer, sometimes the great distance from any other place and the fact that no ship captain in his right mind would bring a dead body onto his ship for the 2-3 month trip back to England, gave families no other choice than to establish family cemeteries within their own boundaries.
So it seemed the funeral would be held tonight. How fortuitous that friends and family and two local priests were already here. There would be more celebrating afterwards, more food, more drink, more smoking, even gun shooting. The men would have a ball.
Robert was so lost in his thoughts that he had not heard the footsteps that signaled Elizabeths approach, but he did hear her sing-song voice, speaking first in French, then in English. Il y a votre papa. Theres your papa.
Robert turned sharply and frowned at her. When had she started to speak French to Robin? He thought. While he didnt mind so much that she was speaking French to his son, it was the fact that she hadnt consulted him first, just as she hadnt consulted him before giving Robin that fine gift. She was already acting as if she had the right to make decisions concerning his son and he didnt like that. But he didnt have much time to dwell on the situation because she had put down a squirming Robin and he was running towards Robert with outstretched arms, shrieking Daddy!
At the sight of him, Robert felt an overwhelming surge of love. He still had his son, and he knew how lucky he was. He knew of many parents who had lost children in infancy or at a tender age and understood the concept of not allowing yourself to love your child until they had grown to adulthood when it was almost guaranteed that he or she would live for many more years. But he couldnt stop himself from loving his son with all his heart. Robin was all he had left of Kathleen; and the lad had proved to be a sturdy, healthy boy.
Robert braced himself against the wall before scooping him up, and held him so tight; it was amazing the boy stood for it. His large hand spanned the boys back, and Robert felt the sturdy little body, warm and solid against his own chest, his chubby legs wrapped around Roberts waist. Robin still had on the flannel smock with nothing else underneath it and the moccasins on his feet, but no longer held the cloth dog. Robert wondered what had happened to it and wondered what would have made Robin leave it behind. He didnt think Robin would ever let that thing go.
When Robert loosened his hold, Robin pushed back and seeing a single, residual tear appear at the side of Roberts eye, gently touched it with his fingertips. Daddy still hurt? His little fingers hovered over the cut on Roberts cheek.
Robert smiled lovingly at Robin and answered softly, Yes, Robin, daddy still hurt. But he was not referring to his face.
Robin ever so gently kissed his fathers cheek and said, Aw bettah?
Robert chuckled affectionately and answered, Yes, all better.
Elizabeth had been watching from the doorway and now she smoothed her gown and straightened her collar. (Robins busy hands had twisted it sideways; he had been fascinated by the intricate tatting along the edge). Im sorry to interrupt, Robert, but Jamie asked me to find you. The minister is gathering everyone for the service.
He looked startled. Is it that time already? I didnt realize how much time had passed. He said, feeling guilty for abandoning all of them.
It has been over an hour since Jamie and Phillip brought your father downstairs and prepared him for burial. She stated, a slight note of censure in her voice.
Robert groaned. Are Jamie and Maureen all right? He asked. I shouldnt have walked out on them like I did. He bemoaned.
You were distressed. She said, moving further into the room.
Robert didnt believe her. He snorted a little self-derisive laugh. So was everyone else in the room. No, I was selfish and Ive been up here indulging myself while everyone else has been putting aside their own grief to take responsibility for what needed to be done. I have not even asked you how you are.
Oh, She waved her hand in a dismissive manner. Im fine, really. But I am sorry that Evelyn and I didnt have more time to get to know our uncle. She said sadly. He was very kind to us from the moment we arrived.
Yes, he was an extremely kind man. Robert responded in a soft, reflective voice. And I should learn from his ways, he thought to himself.
Robin was getting tired of not being the center of attention. With the self-absorbed mind of a two-year-old and with a moist hand pushing on Roberts face to turn it towards him, Robin announced, I eat, daddy!
Did you? He responded automatically. He had noticed that Robins hair was damp and slicked back from his forehead as if his face had been washed. He felt even guiltier than before knowing that while he had been hiding in this room someone else had been watching his son and seeing to his needs. I hope he wasnt a bother. Robert continued, speaking to Elizabeth, not waiting for Robin to answer. Robert was more concerned about his sons behavior than what he had had to eat. He could pretty much guess what he had eaten by knowing the menu. And he had also noticed that Elizabeth seemed more tired looking than she had been earlier; her face was drawn and her posture was suffering, but he had to admit to himself she was still as comely as ever.
Oh, he could never be a bother. He was very well-behaved. And we even made a visit to the necessary, just in time. Elizabeth related with a smile full of pride.
Robin was bouncing in Roberts arms and with that moist hand again on Roberts jaw, pushed his face back to face Robin, wanting his full attention. Me good, daddy! He crowed. Me good!
Robert gently but firmly removed Robins hand from his face, saying, Im so proud of you, son. You were a good boy.
Robin then twisted in Roberts arms and stretched out a hand to Elizabeth, saying, or at least trying to say maman. He had never learned to call anyone mother or mummy or mama because he didnt have a mother. He called Mrs. Chilcott, nanny or nana. So Robert was rather surprised to hear his son saying, Mama and pointing in the direction of Elizabeth.
He turned to her, eyebrows raised in question. She flushed but bravely walked beside them and looked Robert straight in the eye when she explained. Ive been teaching him to call me Maman. Tis much easier than Elizabeth and we
Robert interrupted her. Youve been teaching him to call you Maman? He questioned, but it was more like a rebuke. While he didnt speak French himself and hardly remembered ten words from his lessons, he had had some instruction in the language and could pronounce this word correctly. Maman? He questioned again sharply. Kathleen was Robins mother, not this presumptuous little slip of a girl!
Elizabeth ignored Robert for the moment because Robin was stretching his arms to her, crying, Ma-maw! Ma-maw!
Maman. Maman. Elizabeth repeated the words, trying to help Robin with the pronunciation. She purposely avoided looking at Robert even though out of the corner of her eye she could see his disapproving expression.
Maman! Robin cried triumphantly, pointing at Elizabeth.
Tres bien, Robin. She praised him with a big smile, then her face guileless, she explained, I will be his mother in a matter of a day or two. I was only doing what came naturally to me.
And is it natural for you to speak French to a little boy? He asked sharply.
It is how Evelyn and I were raised, with both English and French. We speak French to our dogs as well. She stated matter-of-factly.
At the sound of the word dogs, Robin piped up. Doggy? Where doggy?
Robert had taken that last statement the wrong way. Ignoring Robin, he accused Elizabeth. So now you are likening my son to your dogs?
Where doggy! Robin said even louder. He was trying to get Roberts attention by patting Roberts face.
No! Of course not! Elizabeth cried, hurt and angered by that accusation. How could you think that of me?
WHERE DOGGY? Robin was crying now, his pats to Roberts cheek had become slaps and Robert had to take a firm hold of Robins hand before it came in contact with the cut on his cheek and open it again. But it was too late, in the process of grabbing Robins hand, Robins fingernails had scraped against the cut, opening it unbeknownst to Robert, although he felt the sting and blood was starting to ooze from it.
Where is that damn dog? Robert snapped at Elizabeth.
Daddy bweeding! Robin cried, distracted for the moment from his missing cloth dog.
At Robins announcement, Robert automatically touched his cheek, his fingertips coming away smeared in blood. Touching the inch-long cut had disturbed the first oozing of blood that had started to coagulate, but now if the bleeding was not stopped, it would soon be dripping off his jaw.
Elizabeth acted immediately. All was forgotten, the dog, Roberts rude growl, the speaking of French. Oh, now look what you have done. She chided, and she quickly pulled a plain, white cotton handkerchief from her sleeve and maneuvering around Robin, pressed it to Roberts cheek before he had a chance to object. It smarted, but he was more concerned with her ruining one of her good handkerchiefs on him. But she didnt seem to mind. Then in a surprisingly adult voice, she ordered, Hold this and sit down. And do not remove it! She added for good measure.
Robert was slightly taken aback by her command, but was also amused by it. Yes, mummy. He said with a teasing grin, before settling himself on the edge of the bed with Robin on his lap. Robin was getting heavy anyway, and with only one arm able to hold him, he would soon become too heavy to carry.
Oh hush! Elizabeth retorted, but nevertheless, smiled at his good-natured raillery.
Oh hush! Oh hush! Robin parroted happily.
Thats right, Robin. Daddy needs to hush and sit still while I tend to his injury. Ignoring Roberts open mouth, ready to respond, she turned her back on him to check to see if there was water in the pitcher on the bedside table. There was and she poured it into the bowl. She also took the time to light two candles which were each held in old lead-glazed earthenware candlesticks made in Jamestown. Only after she had done this did she turn back to Robert.
Now, let me see that. She said crisply, carefully removing the cloth from Roberts cheek. It came away with a large bright red stain right in the middle of the handkerchief.
Ooh, that looks painful. She said matter-of-factly, seeing the bruised cheek close up in all its angry colors of black, purple and blue. The bruise had had time to develop and it was not pretty. Does it hurt? She asked, looking into his eyes.
Robert merely shrugged his shoulders. Ill live. He answered.
Hmm. She murmured, turning to the bowl and rinsing the cloth in the water, turning it pink. As she turned back she asked, What happened anyway?
A misunderstanding between Phillip and myself. He simply said. He was not going to try to explain things in front of Robin.
And you do not care to elaborate?
Not at this time. He said, tilting his head imperceptibly towards Robin.
Robin, thankfully, had completely forgotten about his cloth dog and instead was now playing quietly with the tassels at the ends of the drawstring on Roberts shirt.
I understand. She said. She moved back in closer to Robert, her hip pressing against his leg, her body quite close to him. With the first touch to the wound with the cool, wet handkerchief, Robert winced and instinctively pulled his head back away from her touch.
Hold still. She said, chiding him as if he were a child.
Sorry. He mumbled.
This time she held his jaw with the slim fingers of her left hand and then even while holding the handkerchief in her right hand, with her thumb and pointer finger pushed his hair back, tucking it neatly behind his ear. Then she gently dabbed and pressed, cleaning away the blood.
Was that also a misunderstanding between you and that gentleman I saw you conversing with while on the lawn? She asked conversationally, as she rinsed out the cloth once again.
Robert shifted uneasily when she turned back to watch the cut to see if it had stopped bleeding. Even though the bleeding had slowed, it hadnt stopped altogether and she pressed the cloth to it again. She didnt need to hold his jaw again and he rather missed that. With a grimace, he said, Ill tell you about that later as well.
She smiled amusedly at him while still holding the cloth and asked, almost gleefully, Youre in big trouble, arent you?
What makes you say that? He asked, trying to appear affronted.
Remember, I witnessed a sample of your impulsiveness no less than two hours ago.
He flushed slightly, his neck turning red beneath his tan, but he grinned nevertheless, admitting. Youre right; I am in big trouble.
Dont tell me; your big mouth again? She teased, returning the smile.
I was defending Jamie. He said coldly.
Ooooh. She sing-songed, doubting that.
You do not believe me, do you? He demanded, his eyes sparking like blue fire. Ill have you know that I am very loyal to my brother. You, of all people, should understand that.
Im sorry. She apologized, shamefaced. I do understand. I should not have doubted you. Forgive me?
She was so honestly remorseful that he couldnt resist her. He sighed, his body relaxing. He nodded. Youre forgiven. And Im sorry for being such a brute.
Shh. Well talk about it later. She said, placing her fingertips on his lips.
The bleeding had finally stopped when she took the cloth away for the last time. The cut was now a thin, bloodless line among the colorful bruise. There. She said. I think that will be all right now, but I fear you will have a scar from this. Is there any salve available to put on it?
I know not. When Jamie cleaned it the first time, he didnt think it was bad enough to require any. I havent even seen it myself. Robert said, instinctively bringing his fingers up to his cheek to touch and feel the wound.
Touch it not! You will make it bleed again! Elizabeth scolded, grabbing his hand. Noticing the dried blood on his fingertips she immediately wiped his fingers with the same handkerchief.
Not touchit, Daddy! Bweed gain. Robin repeated, finally breaking his much-appreciated silence. After Robin had become bored with the tassels, his thumb had made its way into his mouth and he had watched fascinated as Elizabeth had tended to Robert.
All right, son. Robert chuckled. Daddy wont touch it again.
And then Robin looked wishfully at Elizabeth and said, Me? He turned his chubby cheek towards her and patted it.
Robert and Elizabeth exchanged an amused smile when they realized that Robin wanted the same attention she had given Robert. So with a great show she tenderly wiped his cheek with a clean corner of the handkerchief in a mock procedure. He giggled delightedly and squirmed in Roberts lap.
Kiss? Kiss bettah? He asked.
The adults exchanged another secret smile. Elizabeth then gave Robin the gentlest, most loving kiss on his damp cheek, and then an extra kiss on his forehead, caressing his curls, before stepping back.
Kiss daddy bettah?
This time when Roberts and Elizabeths eyes met, they didnt smile, but something special passed between them. Robert realized that Elizabeth loved his son as much as he did and she had also accepted him, flaws and all. It was time he stopped acting like a spoiled child and started acting like a responsible man.
Robin watched expectantly. With a wink at Elizabeth, Robert turned his head to the side presenting his injured cheek to her. In that position he was facing Robin and he winked at Robin also.
Elizabeth, feeling confident and bold, leaned in, placing her fingers from her left hand on his jaw like before and she kissed Robert low on his injured cheek, nearly on his jawline, in the same manner she had kissed Robin, gentle and loving. And when she was about to move away, Robert caught her quickly under her chin and returned the kiss, this time on her lips.
She was so startled, she was speechless.
Thank youfor everything. Robert finally said, his voice low and intimate, then becoming playful, his eyes twinkling, he quipped. Or perhaps I should say merci? He butchered the pronunciation of the word on purpose, with his English accent it came out sounding like muh-cy.
She gasped, but then smiled in response to his infectious grin. You, sir, are a rascal! She declared teasingly.
Who? Moi? He teased, elongating the word so that it came out, moowaaaa, batting his eyelashes at her. That made three out of the ten words he knew.
Ah! Elizabeth let out an indignant shriek. But she was enjoying this little game.
Robin copied her. Ahah!
With her hands on her hips, Elizabeth continued, I see now how remiss you have been in learning your lessons. It appears I am going to have two pupils to instruct in the fine language of French. Her voice may have sounded teasing, but she was dead serious.
Oh, no. He said, laughing. One language is enough for me
And one language is enough to get you in enough trouble, Rob Jamie said, striding into the room, looking rather impatient. His hands were in fists at his side. Have you finally gotten over your selfish little fit enough to come downstairs and attend your own fathers funeral? He sneered. Everyone is waiting, Rob, waiting for the infamous Robert Bassett, although why we should even bother to wait is beyond me.
For a split second both Robert and Elizabeth were taken aback at Jamies vehemence.
Jamie, Im sorry Robert apologized, feeling horrible.
Is that all you can say? Jamie demanded.
It was my fault were late. Elizabeth cut in, surprising both men. They both stared at her. But she was not swayed. Roberts wound opened and I took longer than was necessary to care for it. Please, Jamie, she pleaded. Please do not be angry with your brother.
Again both brothers were surprised. They exchanged looks of bewilderment.
Elizabeth reached for Robin. Come to Maman, ma cherie. Well get your doggy now. To Robert she whispered, Talk to him; apologize; do whatever you have to. And she left the way she came in, with Robin in her arms, the lad twisting her collar.
Jamie watched Elizabeth leave, his mouth agape. His eyebrows were nearly raised to his hairline. Maman? Cherie? He questioned in disbelief.
Robert just laughed. Shes teaching him French. She says tis the natural thing to do.
It is? Jamie asked, still stunned that Robert would be so nonchalant about it.
Robert had reached Jamie and stood in front of him. Thats not important, Jamie. He said, placing his left hand on Jamies shoulder. He was going to take Elizabeths advice and talk to his brother.
Eye to eye, in a voice full of remorse, Robert continued, Listen; I know Ive done some rather foolish things today Jamie snorted; Robert ignored him, continuing, and I know Ive caused you grief
You walked out on me! I needed you, Rob. Jamie cried.
I know. I was selfish and stupid and unfeeling andand Robert hesitated only a second before Jamie picked up for him. You forgot coldhearted and inconsiderate and pathetic
Now wait a bloody minute! Robert exclaimed, believing his brother had gone too far. Pathetic? Robert repeated, considering. Do you really think Im pathetic? He asked, shocked and hurt.
Jamie let out a big sigh and rolled his eyes. No, I guess not. He admitted reluctantly. But you are still selfish and stupid and inconsiderate and He waved his hand and ended weakly. And all those other things.
Well, at least Im not pathetic, thank God. Robert stated, satisfied.
Why cant I ever stay angry at you? Why? Jamie repeated, angry at himself.
Roberts expression softened. Squeezing Jamies shoulder again, he said gruffly Because you know that I love you His voice lightened as he continued with an impudent grin on his face. And because Im the only half-decent brother youve got!
Mmph! Jamie snorted.
Robert hooked his arm around Jamies neck and pulled him roughly against him. His voice low and gruff, he said, Jamie, Im truly sorry. I do not like it when youre angry at me. I am as lost without you as you are without me. We only have each other now. Were on our own now. I promise I wont let you down again.
Jamie had started crying again. Robert held him as he had countless times before when they were children; when their real father had died and they were old enough to understand what it meant; whenever Wesley had belittled and punished them; on the ship to Virginia when they had left the only home they ever knew and faced a scary and unknown future; when Jamie lay deliriously ill with the intermittent fever, so afraid he would die. And now when they had suffered another tragic loss.
Presently the sobs ceased. Sniffling something awful, Jamie rubbed his face across Roberts shoulder, using his shirt like a towel to dry his eyes. Robert pushed him away, scolding, Do not do that! He turned his head to look at the spot where Jamie had left a nasty wet patch. What the hell do you think I am, your goddamned snot rag?
Jamie just smiled innocently, then deliberately made a disgusting noise hawking up phlegm, walked to the window, opened it and spit. When he turned back to Robert, all he said was, Thank you.
Christ, youre disgusting! Robert exclaimed.
Jamie laughed, feeling better. Throwing a companionable arm around Roberts shoulder, he said, Come on, big brother. We should go. Everyone is waiting.


Chapter Eight: A Beloved Man is laid to Rest

The funeral for Francis Tyler was about to begin. The guests had waited patiently, standing in groups around the freshly dug gravesite and behind two benches that had been brought from the kitchen and placed before the grave for the immediate family. Some had reminisced, even chuckling at some of their memories; some had spoken fondly of their good friend while weeping quietly; some had prayed and some had stood silent, listening to the breeze rustle the last autumn leaves on the trees while pondering their own fates.
The coffin, which had been constructed from special boards that Tyler had saved over the years, had been placed on the ground in front of the grave. A bunch of holly branches with their bright red berries lovingly picked by Maureen and her girls, lay on top of it. The two servants who had dug the grave in an amazingly fast time stood off to the side, the cool air chilling their sweat-soaked skin. They had been invited to stay for the service along with Sally and the remainder of the servants. All but two were present. Walter had been chosen to mind the beagles and the other servant, Edward Blockhaws, was still recovering in the servants quarters. They had no idea what was to become of them now; there had not been time for Phillip to speak to them. Their contracts of indenture stated that they were to serve Francis Tyler, his heirs and assignees. That meant that Maureen and Phillip could do whatever they wanted with them, keep them or transfer their service to someone else. If they were to be transferred, they could only hope for a master as kind as Mr. Tyler had been.
Maureen, Phillip and their children were already seated on one of the benches. Maureen was holding up well despite her overwhelming grief, but her husband had his arm around her and the warmth from his body comforted her. She had also taken comfort from the kind words and condolences of her fathers numerous friends and acquaintances. She stared straight ahead now, the sight of her fathers coffin blurred as a result of her tear-filled eyes.
Elizabeth and Evelyn were seated on the other bench, next to each other. Elizabeth held Robin on her lap and Robin was happily hugging his cloth dog, oblivious to the tragedy, surprisingly quiet, his thumb in his mouth, her cloak wrapped around both of them. It had grown chilly with the setting sun and Elizabeth had not been able to find a coat for him.
The girls hadnt spoken much as they had waited for Robert and Jamie to arrive. They didnt have to; both knew that they were remembering their own fathers simple funeral, how ashamed they had been, how humiliated they had felt that their father had been buried as a pauper. He had been laid to rest on the north side of the churchyard, the shaded side which was away from the sun and used only for burials of the unbaptized and suicides. His friends, his business associates and the few distant relatives had all deserted him. Not one of them had had the decency to pay a ministers fee or provide a headstone or a coffin or defend his character. Elizabeth and Evelyn would always be saddened and angered by that, but at least he hadnt been buried in the street with a stake driven through his heart as was the customary procedure for a victim of suicide.
Elizabeth shifted slightly on the hard bench. Events were proceeding along quicker than she had expected. It had been a complete surprise when it was announced that the funeral would be held this evening. But Maureen had explained that since everyone was already here, there was no need to wait; and she had also known that her father had already prepared for his death, as was customary, by keeping a linen shroud and special boards for a coffin in readiness.
A shiver went through her as she remembered how Maureen had gone through Tylers chest in his room and pulled out the shroud. Maureen had held it lovingly for a moment, then had shown Elizabeth how she had embroidered her fathers initials in one corner. And then in a matter-of-fact voice, Maureen had told Elizabeth where her own shroud was kept just in case. Elizabeth hadnt known what to say; she had never kept a shroud for herself and neither had Evelyn. Both of them believed they had many, many years left to live. But in a place where death was a common and inevitable occurrence, she supposed it was practical for one to prepare for it throughout ones entire life.
Thomas Harrison, the minister, continued to mingle with the guests. He offered prayers and sympathetic words in his low, soothing voice. In his left hand he carried his well-worn copy of the Book of Common Prayer, the other hand left free to offer a kind touch or a warm hand clasp. He had officiated at countless funerals, sometimes traveling a full day to reach a planters home for the standard fee of 45 shillings. Phillip had already paid him from money that had been set aside by Tyler in anticipation of this day.
Finally the two brothers appeared and everyone turned to watch them. They moved as one, Jamie slowing his steps to match Roberts limping one. Elizabeth was glad when she saw how they walked together, seemingly united once again. Robert appeared subdued and penitent, perhaps feeling guilty for not helping Jamie and Phillip prepare his fathers body for burial.
Elizabeth heard whispering from the crowd behind her. She glanced back, glaring at the participants. Many were frowning at Robert, their disapproval of his behavior evident in their expressions. Word had spread quickly about how he had spoken disrespectfully to the doctor and some had sympathized with him, but most had criticized him. The doctor was a very well-respected and well-liked man.
As they came closer, Jamie acknowledged as many of the quests as he could with a polite nod and smile. He nodded to Maureen, Phillip, their children, and the minister before taking his place on the second bench, sitting next to Evelyn and putting his arm around her. He then kissed her tenderly, not caring what anyone thought of his display of affection. But no one minded; in fact they highly approved of the match for they had thought that the time for him to take a wife was long overdue.
When Robin saw his father, his face lit up, he removed his thumb from his mouth and called out, Daddy! Holding up the cloth dog, he added, Doggy!
Despite the fact that Robert was out of favor with the guests for the moment, they smiled and chuckled at Robin, for the sturdy lad was a bright symbol of hope and life among this scene of death and finality. But they were saddened also because the boy had lost his grandfather and would never remember him.
I see, son. Robert said, arriving at the first bench. He bent to say some words to Maureen, but she looked straight ahead, avoiding his gaze. Maureen he murmured, low and pleading, but it was Phillip who responded by curtly saying, Sit down, Robert. Tis getting late.
Robert jerked as if he had been struck, but he bent to kiss Maureens cheek nevertheless. She never moved, and he straightened, humiliated by her rejection.
When he moved closer to Elizabeth and Robin, Robin purposefully pulled himself up on Elizabeths lap, grabbing anything available. Then he stood on her lap, his little feet grinding into the muscles of her thighs. A grimace formed on her face and quick tears came to her eyes as his heel hit a particularly sensitive spot. She tried to lift him, but it wasnt necessary because Robert was there to help, lifting Robin up by one arm around his waist. Then he carried him, dangling, to the end of the bench where he sat down furthest away from everyone else.
Once Robert was settled and had leant his stick against the bench, he held Robin close with both arms, trying to quiet him for the boy wanted to chatter now that he had his dog again. The minister had moved to the head of the assembled guests. With a clearing of his throat to gain everyones attention, he intoned, Let us pray.
He began with an evening prayer of general thanksgiving. Everyone bowed their head while he intoned. Almighty God, Father of all mercies, we, thine unworthy servants do give thee most humble and hearty thanks for all thy goodness and loving kindness to us, and to all men. We bless thee for our creation, preservation, and all the blessings of this life; but above all, for thine inestimable love in the redemption of the world by our Lord Jesus Christ; for the means of grace, and for the hope of glory
Robert whispered in Robins ear to shush him, and he felt everyones censorious looks like little needles in his back. But Elizabeth smiled to herself, peeking over at them, sensing Roberts discomfiture. Again she thought how adorable they were and how happy she was that they were to become her new family. She knew it would not be easy in the beginning to be his wife. Maureen had explained, with much gentleness, how much Robert still missed his first wife. But Elizabeth was positive that with patience and compassion, she could quickly win him over. And once she started giving him children, she was positive he would learn to love her.
Coming out of her thoughts, she now focused her attention on the minister who was continuing his sermon. His voice was strong and determined, his whole being suffused with the need to preach. and, we beseech thee, give us that due sense of all thy mercies, that our hearts may be unfeignedly thankful, and that we show forth thy praise, not only with our lips, but in our lives, by giving up our selves to thy service, and by walking before thee in holiness and righteousness all our days; through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom, with thee and the Holy Ghost, be all honour and glory, world without end. Amen.
Amen. Everyone repeated, except for Robert. He had barely been listening to the prayer, his focus being on quieting Robin. But to tell the truth, his heart really wasnt in it anyway; ever since his wife had died, he had felt betrayed by God. No amount of praying had saved her; no amount of praying had saved this man lying cold and still in his coffin; and at this time in his life, no amount of praying would bring him back to the fold.
He also didnt join in the reciting of the Lords prayer, but he did hear Jamies voice, deep and sincere with no hesitation, the words coming automatically after years of daily praying. He also heard Elizabeths and Evelyns similar, moderately high female voices, their accent different from Jamies and his own, more cultured, their words enunciated precisely.
At one point during the prayer Elizabeth peeked over at Robert, wondering why he was not participating. This was something else she would have to accept, his lack of faith along with his continued grief for his first wife.
Robin was standing on his fathers lap, quietly watching all the people over Roberts shoulder. He seemed to be fascinated by the combined voices of all the folk, speaking as one, following the precise rhythm of the prayer. Someone behind them must have smiled at Robin because he let out a giggle, but no one seemed to mind.
Next Elizabeth led them in the singing of the 100th psalm. It had been arranged beforehand that she would assume the role of the clerk of the church, singing each line so that the folk could repeat it. As she stood facing everyone, composed and confident, she sang the first line in perfect pitch. Her voice was clear and beautiful and out of the corner of her eye, she saw Robert watching her. But he did not stand when the Tyler family did and he did not sing when all the others did. He remained silent and sullen while everyone else joined in, their voices lifting to the first stars in the darkening sky.
Robin, fascinated once again and not seeing his father doing what everyone else was doing, piped up, Sing, Daddy, sing!
All eyes turned to Robert and reluctantly he stood. Holding Robin in his arms, he sang, focusing solely on his son, ignoring everyone else. Elizabeth was pleased to see that he seemed to know every word. Finally, while singing the final notes, he looked up. His eyes met Elizabeths and she smiled sweetly at him, approving of his participation.
Once the song was over and the members of Tylers family were seated once again, the minister opened his prayer book to the section titled, The Order For the Burial of the Dead. He turned and faced the coffin, intoning. I am the resurrection and the life, saith the Lord; he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live and whosoever liveth and believeth in me, shall never die. I know that my redeemer liveth and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth; and though his body be destroyed, yet shall I see God; whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not as a stranger. We brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out. The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken away; blessed be the name of the Lord.
Robert snorted quietly and turned aside, showing his back to everyone. A gasp of shock came from behind. Elizabeth glanced at him, confused by his behavior. He was on the verge of being completely disrespectful.
The minister continued, Remember thy servant, O Lordhe may go from strength to strength, in the life of perfect service, in thy heavenly kingdom; through Jesus Christ our LordAmen.
Amen. The people recited. And this time even Robin recited the word, copying everyone, and then turned his expectant face up to his father, wanting praise. Robert was forced to give it.
At that point, the minister nodded to the two servants who had been waiting off to the side. They stepped forward and Phillip and Jamie also stepped up to the coffin. Together the four of them lowered the coffin into the grave using ropes that had been placed underneath the coffin in readiness. Then the minister called Maureen and their children to stand beside Phillip at the grave. Jamie returned to his place beside Evelyn. As Maureen, Phillip and the three oldest children each picked up handfuls of dirt to throw on the coffin, the minister intoned, Unto Almighty God we commend the soul of our brother departed, and we commit his body to the ground; earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust; in sure and certain hope of the Resurrection unto eternal life, through our Lord Jesus Christ.
One by one Maureen, Phillip and the three oldest children dropped their handfuls of dirt onto the coffin. Maureen was weeping pitifully and Phillip had to keep his arm around her to support her. Jamie and Robert were expected to go next, and Jamie, his expression solemn and sad, held out his hand to Robert in a gesture of both need and of support. Robert took it and gave it a squeeze, then let it go, knowing he would need his stick in order to walk to the grave. Jamie waited for him, then together, along with Robin in Roberts one arm, they approached the open grave. And also together they helped Robin gather a handful of dirt and prompted him to release it over the coffin, saying, Say goodbye to Granddad, Robin.
Robin obeyed, not fully understanding, his little voice saying, Bye, bye, Ganddad. And his little hand opened and closed in a wave, while the onlookers let out a sympathetic, Aawww Jamie brushed a tear away while Robert scooped his son up and crushed the boy to his chest for a grief-stricken moment. Then they sat down again, heads bowed.
The minister intoned the final prayer, The Lord bless us and keep us. The Lord make his face to shine upon us, and be gracious unto us. The Lord lift up his countenance upon us, and give us peace, this night and evermore. Amen.
The night was quiet except for the crackling pine torches, the stars started to fill the sky and Evelyns small hand slipped into Jamies larger one and Elizabeths found its way into Roberts.
Even among this solemn moment, she felt peaceful and hopeful of their future.


Chapter Nine: An Invitation is extended

They thought the service was over and folk began to stir. Even Robert and Jamie were surprised to see Phillip stand up and face the people. His voice was loud in order to gain the attention of the dispersing crowd.
Friends! He called. Our good friends. My wife and I would like to thank all of you for your kind words and support tonight. This was a most unexpected tragedy and we are grateful for your company in our time of sorrow. But nothing has changed in regard to the arrangements that we made earlier; our home is available to you at any time as well as my father-in-lawsAnd speaking of my father-in-law At this point Phillip actually smiled and his voice became more cheerful. he has provided in his will powder and shot for the firing of guns in his honor.
The men erupted at this news, cheering and hooting and hollering. Even Jamies face lit up and he immediately turned to Robert, his eyes sparkling with hope and anticipation. May I? He asked, and Robert laughed, nodding his head. The brothers never shot their guns for pleasure alone. It was a waste of powder and ammunition, but since someone else was providing the powder and shot, there was no reason not to participate.
But before the men dashed off to the house like a bunch of frenzied maniacs to retrieve their guns from the kitchen, where they had left them when they had arrived, Phillip waved his arms, calling out again to settle everyone down to announce more news. Pleasepleaseeveryone! He called.
Finally everyone quieted enough for him to continue. I have one more important announcement to make.
Robert frowned. He couldnt imagine what Phillip was going to say. UnlessHe looked at Elizabeth and she just smiled warmly at him and squeezed his hand. How can she be so calm about everything? He thought.
As you all know, my cousins by marriage, Elizabeth and Evelyn Tyler Here he nodded politely to the girls. have just arrived in the colony only three days ago. My father-in-law had been appointed their legal guardian by his brother, who unfortunately lost his life many months ago in London. When Francis suspected that his life was coming to a quick end, he made arrangements in his will for the future of his precious nieces. Phillips use of the word precious was in no way sarcastic here. It had actually been a huge relief to him when he had been told about the terms of the will. He already had a large family to care for, and while the twins might have been a great help to Maureen around the house, he didnt want the responsibility of supporting them and eventually finding them husbands. He was glad to hand them over to the brothers, so his voice increased in volume and enthusiasm as he announced, Tomorrow morning you are all invited to stay for the marriages of Elizabeth and Evelyn Tyler to the Bassett brothers.
This time the whole crowd broke out in a flurry of gasps, exclamations and even a few cries from the once hopeful teenage girls. They didnt even wait to hear which twin would marry which brother. John West, who was standing behind Jamie, reached forward and grabbed the brothers shoulders, saying, Congratulations, lads! Roger, worried for Robert, appeared from behind John West. With concern in his eyes and in a soft voice, he asked Robert. Are you all right? Robert nodded, a small smile on his face, alleviating Rogers concern. Then both brothers and the twins were forced to stand and turn around to receive the onslaught of congratulations and best wishes. Even the petite Mrs. Jenkin had pushed her way through the people to personally offer her heartfelt good wishes. She was particularly pleased; she hadnt had to use her matchmaking skills at all. It seemed that Mr. Tyler had had the same thoughts as she had.
Presently the hoopla died down and the men remembered there was some shooting to do. The girls had already left with the women and children, including Robin; their ears ringing from all the chatter about wedding plans. Jamie ran off to the stables to fetch his and Roberts pistols where he had left them when stabling the horses. And Robert was once again left alone with his best friend, Roger.
Im sorry, man; Im so sorry about Francis. Roger spoke first, genuine sorrow in his voice. He gave Robert a sympathetic hug. I know how fiercely he loved the two of you; and you, him.
Thank you, Rog, I appreciate that. Robert stepped back first, but squeezed Rogers upper arms for dropping his hands. He noticed that Roger was outfitted for traveling. He was wearing a buff coat over his beautiful velvet doublet, a powder horn slung over one shoulder, a shot pouch slung over the other shoulder, the straps criss-crossing in front of his body. And there was a sheathed dagger at his waist and his pistol was also tucked into his belt.
Robert frowned at him. Are you leaving or joining the men?
Im afraid I have to leave. Roger said reluctantly. I must get home to Nikki.
Of course you must. Robert said, trying not to show his disappointment. He would have liked to have had Roger at the wedding with him tomorrow. Im surprised you came at all today with Nicole so close to her time.
She was the one who insisted I come. Roger said with a soft smile. She knows how much I was hoping to see you today.
Give her my best, will you? Tell her I shall come to visit after the baby is born.
I will, but I still have a few minutes. Tell me. Roger said, his voice unusually soft and serious. Was it in the will? He didnt have to explain himself. Despite the fact that Roger had teased Robert and Jamie earlier about the twins, he hadnt wanted his friend to have to remarry in this manner. He had wanted Robert to meet a woman, get to know her first, fall in love and then marry. He didnt believe that anyone should be forced into a marriage.
Yes, it was. Robert heaved a sigh and sat down heavily on the bench. Roger sat down beside him, taking his pistol out of his belt and placing it next to him on the bench. He then draped his arm around Roberts shoulders.
Nathan and Dolnick were shoveling dirt onto the coffin and filling the grave back up. Robert felt a shiver run down his spine as he listened to the sound of the shovels scraping into the dirt and then the clumps landing on the coffin in soft slaps. He heard laughter, shouting and yelling, come from the men and then the first loud volley of the night. Both of them looked over at the chaos and hoped no one was accidentally shot or killed. It had happened in the past, but the tradition couldnt be suppressed. Even Jamie was right in the middle of the mob, laughing and shouting just as loud, shooting, reloading, then shooting again just as quickly as the others. This was a real treat for him, Robert knew.
He waited for the noise to die down before adding, Francis had it written up earlier today. He suspected he would need the new will soon.
But the will hasnt been recorded yet, has it? Roger knew the law, almost everyone did.
No. Robert said simply. But it does not matter. Were all in agreement. I will marry Elizabeth tomorrow morning and Jamie will marry Evelyn.
Im surprised youre not ranting and raving about taking a new wife. Roger chanced teasing Robert seeing how Robert seemed to be taking it in stride.
This time Robert nearly laughed. Ive already done thatand not only about taking a wife.
Roger did laugh. I heard. The poor doctor was highly insulted. Youve made two enemies today, I fear.
Do not remind me. Robert groaned.
What does you bride think of your behavior? Did she run screaming to the hills?
Robert made a wry face, but chuckled nevertheless. No, but she did tease me
She teased you! Roger laughed, pleasantly amused. Oh, I think she is going to be perfect for you.
Mmph. Robert couldnt think of what else to say. Then: Shes teaching Robin to speak French. He grumbled.
French! Roger exclaimed.
And she wants me to learn it too.
This time Roger really laughed out loud. I can just see you now in the tobacco fields, cursing the hawk worms in French.
Maybe Ill be able to talk them off of the plants with pretty words and my nose in the air.
Get off---get off, you disgusting, filthy worms! Roger said in a very bad French accent. Heed my fancy words and my turned-up nose! He was tilting his face up and pushed the tip of his nose up with his forefinger.
Robert was about to join in, but one of the other guests, a gentleman dressed all in black, suddenly appeared from out of the dark. Excuse me, gentlemen. Peter Burnett said in an extremely cultured voice. There was a touch of disdain in his tone also.
Both Robert and Roger looked up at the man, a little surprised. They hadnt even heard him approach. Robert had never liked Burnett, nevertheless he spoke first. Burnett, how are you, man? What can I do for you? He asked, studying him. Peter had always been a very serious and reticent man. Robert had never known him to smile too much or to engage in light conversation. He was extremely pious, never missed church services and looked down his long nose upon those that did. Robert wondered how the man could even stand to be in the same company with him!
Mistress Chilcott is not here tonight, is she? Peter asked stiffly. He felt slightly humiliated that he should have to approach this despicable man to ask for this information, but there was no one else to ask, except for Jamie, but Jamie was surrounded by every other mad man at this gathering. Peter had secretly admired Abigail for several months now; she never missed a church service and after services while everyone visited and socialized, she was always polite, but quiet. She never flirted with the men like some of the other harlots did and she was always clean and well-groomed. She was a woman he could see himself with, a woman who he believed shared his beliefs and views of the world. Of course he didnt approve of her living with the Bassett brothers, but he could overlook that for now, knowing that she had nowhere else to go. He had been looking forward to seeing her today at this social event, believing she would be here, but he hadnt seen her all day. He had finally decided to humble himself and approach one of the brothers.
Robert eyed Peter, noticing how he stood so still and arrogant in his unadorned black coat and breeches, white stockings and buckled shoes. There was a stark white falling band around his neck and he held a tall, broad-brimmed black hat in his hands; and Robert wondered if the man was one of those religious fanaticswhat did they call themselves? Puritans?and if he was, then what the hell was he doing here! And why the hell was he asking after Abby? No, she is not here. Robert answered just as stiffly. She stayed home today. She hasnt been feeling very well since the death of Mistress Warren.
Abigail should not grieve so over that unworthy woman.
And who are you to say what Abby should or should not doMaster Burnett? Robert asked through his teeth, trying to hold on to his temper.
Peter stiffened his spine and lifted his chin a little, all the better to look down his nose at Robert. I am just saying that Mistress Warren wasnt a fit friend for Abigail. The woman wasunholy. Peter declared with conviction.
Unholy! Robert exclaimed, his anger exploding. He stood up and leaned into Peter, speaking into his face. That woman was the kindest, most gentlest of souls, always willing to give of herself and her healing abilities. She never judged anybody, she never refused anybody, and you Here, Robert jabbed his finger at Peters chest. should take a lesson from her! Now, get away from me Pete, and you also better stay away from Abby or I will personally stuff your holier than thou attitude right up your skinny arse!
How dare you, sir! Peter sputtered. He was blinking rapidly, a reaction to the threat. How dare you!
Oh, I dare because you are a sanctimonious wretch! Robert was seething.
And you are a crude, foul-tongued devil destined to burn in hell for all eternity. I hope you burn in hell, son of Satan! And with that last declaration, Peter Burnett turned on his heel and stalked off.
Robert watched him go, breathing hard. Foul-tongued devil, son of Satan. He muttered under his breath. Hes the devil.
From the bench, Roger was shaking his head and said gravely, One of these days, man, you are going to get in some serious, serious trouble.
Robert let out a sigh, ran a hand over his face and lowered himself back onto the bench. He deserved it, the bastard! If he ever goes near Abby I will personally
What will you do, Rob? Roger interrupted him before Robert could finish. Beat him up? Kill him? Im telling you, man, you need to control yourself. Tis obvious youve been away from polite society for too long.
Robert let out another sigh. He knew Roger was telling the truth. But people like Burnett, and Sparshott and Harris just made him sick. And all he was doing was trying to defend and protect his family. What was wrong about that?
But Roger was right. He sighed again. Youre right, Rog. Ill try to be good.
Do not just try, be good. Youre getting married tomorrow. Elizabeth needs a husband who will be there for her, not a husband who spends half his life in the pillory, or worse yet, dead from a sword through the heart.
Robert turned sharply to Roger. You know about that?
Everybody knows. Sparshott has gleefully spread the word.
Damn. Robert hung his head in his hands.
Roger patted his back companionably. Just remember to watch his face when youre fighting him. He has a strange tic at the corner of his eye and just before he thrusts it tends to twitch, almost as if hes winking at you. Im sure he does not even know hes doing it.
Robert peered at Roger. And how do you know he does it?
By watching closely. Ive watched him fight many times. He is very good.
I know. Robert groaned, sounding defeated already. But thank you for the advice and the tip. Twill help.
I hope so. Roger said. Listen, I have to goIm really sorry, Rob. I hate to miss the big day tomorrow, but I have to be home for Nikki. Roger stood up. While he rearranged the pouches to hang more comfortably on his body, Robert stood also, using his stick to push himself up.
Of course you have to be with her. Robert said. They hugged briefly and when they parted, Robert said, Youre not traveling alone, are you?
No, Lawson Gibbon and Bill Hamilton are going with me and then theyre coming back. Theyre waiting for me at the dock now. Roger said, retrieving his gun from the bench. He checked it over, a natural habit, then secured it through his belt.
Good, because Id hate for a savage or a wild beast to attack you on your way home. Robert said.
But all this is still no protection from an arrow. Roger said, running his hands over his front, encompassing the buff coat, powder, shot and the pistol.
Just keep your eyes and your ears open.
Always. Roger said with a warm smile. Then with genuine affection, he said, I wish you the best, man, you and Jamie. Say good bye to him for me, will you?
Sure, Rog.
And then Roger cracked a grin. And be careful you take the correct wife to bed with you. You know how embarrassing it would be to wake up beside the wrong girl!
Go home, Roger. Robert said, but he was smiling also. Go home to your wife and I will see you again soon. Good night, my friend.
God be with you, Rob.
And Robert stood for a moment, watching his friend stride down the path. Roger turned once, waved, then continued on his way. After awhile he was just a shadow fading into the night, and when he was no longer visible, Robert sighed and turned to take another look at the loud and disorderly crowd of men. Did he want to join them? Did he want to stand by his brother and get caught up in the madness? Did he want to drink some more whiskey or Francis special peach brandy to forget who he was for the moment and what had happened this day and what would happen tomorrow?
Just then, Jamie turned and looked at him. Jamies face was flushed with drink and good humor, his hair hung in his face, his doublet had been thrown off and forgotten somewhere. He waved enthusiastically for Robert to join him, smiling and laughing. And Robert thought, why not? Why not join him for one drink and one round? So before he could talk himself out of it, he started to limp towards the men. Jamie came running to meet him; and they smiled at each other, and when they reached the line of men, they were welcomed into the middle of it, a flask was offered to Robert and he took it without hesitation, drinking deeply. It burned all the way down his throat, but it was all right; it was all right just this once, and he took another mouthful and another, letting the liquor warm him and start a nice little buzz in his head. Then Jamie was right there next to him giving him his loaded pistol, and he hefted it in his hand and when Phillip shouted the words, Ready, Steady.. Robert joined all the other men in raising their pistols in unison and at the word Fire! They all shot their guns into the air. Phillip, Jamie and the gang all whooped and hollered and laughed and drank some more as the powder and shot was handed around for the next round, but Robert declined this time. This wasnt helping him to forget, and he wasnt having the same fun as Jamie was, so he gave the pistol back to his brother with a word of apology, thanked the man for the drink and made his way back to the house, his heart heavy, his thoughts focused on finding his son.


Chapter Ten: One kiss; two kiss

It was an hour later and the house was finally quiet. Elizabeth had not been sad when the majority of the gossiping women and all their children had left with Maureen to spend the night at her house. She was now looking in on Mistress Fossett who was nursing Robin in the darkened master bedchamber. As she supported her weary body against the doorjamb, she marveled once again at Sallys stamina. While everyone else was socializing and feasting after the funeral, Sally was up here tending to her duties. The fire in the fireplace had been banked and allowed to die out. The room had been aired out, but now the window and shutters were closed once again against the chill of the night. The big oak bedstead looked stark and naked without its mattress and bedclothes. All the soiled linens had been stripped off and taken away. They would be washed come laundry day, boiled in water and lye soap. The trundle bed had been pulled out from underneath the frame of the large bed and dressed in clean linens in readiness for the little boy and his father and his uncle who would be sleeping in it tonight. Sally had been very busy indeed.
Elizabeth let out a sigh and rubbed her tired eyes. She stifled a yawn and wondered where Robert was. She hoped he wouldnt be too late; she didnt feel comfortable leaving Robin without supervision and she and Evelyn still had to fetch the dogs from Walter who had been keeping them in the servants quarters.
All she really wanted to do was lie down on that trundle bed, close the door and shut her eyes.
But that would have to wait. Her gaze went to Mistress Fossett again and Elizabeth envied her motherhood. She knew Lynette Fossett was a young woman in her mid twenties with three children, two boys about four and five and the youngest, a little girl, six months. She hadnt met Lynettes husband, but prayed the man was a pillar of goodness and virtue. Lynette was the sweetest person Elizabeth had ever met and it would be too cruel a thought if the husband turned out to be an ogre.
And then just when Elizabeth thought she might fall asleep where she stood, she heard a slow, rhythmic thumping on the stairs. He wasnt making any effort at all to quiet each thud of his stick or the heavy tread of his steps, and he was certainly taking his time.
Dieu merci! She thought. She turned and listened, waiting for him to climb the stairs. Hurry up! she whispered to herself when he seemed to take forever. And then she saw him at the last step dragging himself up into the hallway, looking positively beat. She felt such an overwhelming pang of sympathy for him that instead of scolding him for leaving Robin with her all this time, she hurried to him and with gentleness in her voice said, You look awful. She raised her hand to touch his face, but decided against it. The bruises on the one side of his face were nearly every shade of purple, black and blue.
He let out a tired laugh. I feel awful. He said. Where is Robin?
In Uncle Francis bedchamber. Mistress Fossett is nursing him. She said in a voice just above a whisper. Come look. She added, moving to his side to put her arm around his waist.
He raised his eyebrows at her, surprised by her action, but her loving smile was all he needed to prompt him to place his arm around her shoulder.
They slowly made their way down the short hallway to the master bedchamber. Robert even allowed himself to lean on her a little. So, the room as been cleaned then.
Oh yes. Poor Sally has taken care of everything. Shes also made up the trundle bed for Robin and you and Jamie.
Robert chuckled a little. Well, tis been awhile but it wont be the first time weve shared a bed. Who will you be sharing with?
Elizabeth made a little moue with her mouth. Alicia Warradine and Jane Abdey.
Robert burst out laughing.
Shh She shushed him, frowning at him.
Lowering his voice, he said, I am so sorry, Elizabeth. I didnt mean to be insensitive. But those girls are so jealous of you and Evelyn, who knows what mischief they could make. He paused a moment, an idea coming to him. Do you know if all the ink in the house has been locked up or if all the calomel has been hidden away?
Elizabeth tried to hide her smile. She didnt want to encourage him. Oh stop it. She slapped at his arm.
Robert continued to laugh. Id hate to have to marry a girl with black teeth or one who needed to spend our wedding night in the privy.
Elizabeth finally joined him in the laughter. You know she said, lowering her voice and looking over her shoulder to make sure there was no one behind them, ashamed of herself for what she was about to say. Im not sure if either one of them is clever enough to think of such things!
Elizabeth! You surprise me! He said, putting on the act of a scolding elder.
Oh come now. Do you really believe their little pea-sized brains would think of something like that?
No. Robert said, chuckling. Still, if I were you, Id sleep with one eye open.
They had arrived at the doorway of the master bedchamber and Elizabeth shushed him with a finger to her lips. If Robin was asleep, she didnt want to take any chance of waking him. And she was afraid that if he was on the verge of falling asleep, hearing his fathers voice might disrupt his feeding and completely wake him up. And then it might be almost impossible to get him to lie down again and go to sleep.
Side by side, they both peered into the room. By the light of one candle, they could see Lynette sitting on the floor, her back against the wall for support, with Robin across her lap, the back of his head blocking the sight of her bared breast. Her head was drooping forward and her eyes were closed.
Why is she sitting on the floor? Robert whispered.
So she can easily lay him down on the trundle bed when hes finished.
Oh.
I wish I were nursing him. She said wistfully, continuing to gaze upon the tender scene before them. I cannot wait to be a mother.
She sensed, rather than saw, Robert turn sharply to look at her. Surely she hadnt surprised him with her statements. He had to have seen how quickly she had bonded with Robin and how much she already loved him. And if he didnt know how much she wanted to be the mother of his children, she would show him soon enough.
She turned to meet his gaze and was completely confused by the expression on his face. He was looking at her as if he were in great pain or as if he were burdened by some deepest sorrow, and she almost wished she could take the words back and have him joking and laughing again.
What are you thinking? She asked gently, looking into his eyes, wishing she could read his mind. What had she said that had caused him such distress?
I once knew another young woman who had said those exact same words to me.
He answered quietly.
And then Elizabeth understood and her heart went out to him. Your wife. She whispered.
He nodded and moved around her so he was back in the hallway. He leaned against the wall as he said, She was so keen on having lots of babies. She was terribly impatient, she prayed daily to be blessed and when she finally learnt she was with child, she was overjoyed. Over the next months the baby was all she talked about; what we were going to name him, who was he going to look like, and every day, again, she prayed for the baby, that he would be strong and healthy.
Im so sorry. Elizabeth whispered, also turning away from the doorway so she could face him.
But Robert continued as if he were in a trance. When her time came closer I wanted to bring her here so she would be close to Maureen and help could be fetched if it was needed. But Kathleen said no; she insisted she wanted to have our first child at home in her own bed and I loved her so much and didnt want to risk upsetting her that I let her have her way.
Oh Robert Elizabeth wanted to cry with him. Now she did touch his face ever so gently, but there was really nothing she could do to take away his pain.
He took a deep, shuddering breath. That day everything happened so fastI had always heard that it wasnt supposed to be that quickand we were alone and I couldnt leave her. She was ever so brave. She knew something was wrong; there was so much blood, it seemed to be pouring out of her, but she wanted to hold her son anyway and she put him to her breast and we laughed when he latched on. He took another deep breath. I couldnt do anything to save her; I didnt know what to do. I pleaded with God to save her, pleaded with Him, but He didnt hear me. And she died. And now I look at you Robert said, caressing her soft cheek with his fingertips and then one fair eyebrow and then along the line of her jaw and over her slightly parted lips. and I see another young, beautiful woman and I wonder, will I lose her too? Will the great Almighty God he sneered. take another wife from me and another mother from her child?
Elizabeth reached up and pressed his hand against her cheek. She made the decision then and there to reveal her secret. It was a risk, she knew most people thought of her gift as a sign of the devil, but she desperately wanted to reassure him that he would not have to go through that kind of pain again. And she suspected, by the way he had acted during prayers at the funeral and by the tone of his voice just moments ago, that he had already strayed from the church and its teachings. She felt safer telling him her secret than she would have felt telling anyone else whose lives were guided by the word of God and the fear of the Devil. No. She said firmly. No, He will not take me from you.
How can you know that? He asked. How can anyone know what God will do?
I do not know all of Gods plans for us, but I do know that He will not take me from you and our children for a long time.
Robert shook his head, trying to understand. You cannot know that! You
Shh. She hushed him, impatient to tell him the truth. She held his hand between her two. Her voice lowered. I have dreams, Robert; I have dreams that come trueNo, do not speak. She had to quickly release his hand to place her fingertips to his lips when he reacted to her words by opening his mouth, ready to voice she didnt know what. Most people would be afraid or worse, accuse her of witchcraft. Listen to me first. Listen to everything I have to say before speaking your mind. Please
He nodded, not saying a word.
Satisfied that he would listen, she took her fingers away and continued. The first dream I remember coming true was when I was four years old. Evelyn had the same dream the same night and it frightened us terribly. We had dreamt that there was going to be a storm the next day, a bad, bad storm with winds that would knock trees down and lightning that would strike the Tower. We told our governess and she calmed us and held us and whispered to us that we must never speak of our dreams to anyone but her, not even to our father. And we havent until this moment. I have never told anyone, Robert.
Then why are you telling me now?
Because I want to ease your mind. Because you are going to be my husband and I want you to know. I was going to wait until after we were married, but you were so upset. I wanted you to know so that you no longer have any reason to worry.
And you really think I will believe you?
I hope so. I would never lie to you, Robert. Listen to the rest of my story and then decide if you can believe me.
She waited anxiously while he took a deep breath and let it out through his nose. At last he said, All right.
She also let out a relieved sigh. Thank you. She said. Since then Evelyn and I have had dreams every few months or so that have come true. The dreams have shaped the way we live our lives, helping us to avoid accidents or situations that would cause us harm. There were even a few times when we were able to convince our father to stay home by feigning illness. That was the only way we could help him because our governess wouldnt allow us to tell him the truth. She was so afraid of what he might do or what other people would do if they found out. Of course we had other dreams that were just dreams with no significance and somehow we always knew the difference. Theres a different quality to the dreams, a different feeling She shook her head, stopping when she couldnt put the idea into words. anyway, the one dream that meant the most to me happened when I was fourteen(and had started to bleed, she didnt mention that but was thinking it--) I had the dream that foretold my future. It gave me great peace rather than frighten me because it showed me that I would have a loving family and peace and happiness into old age. The dream wasnt complete and it was as if I were looking through a fog so that I couldnt see certain details or faces, but I saw myself in a modest room, sitting in a chair with grown children around me and my husband walking towards me. He was carrying a tray filled with a fine, glass decanter and matching wine glasses. And there was also a small, gilt box on the tray and everyone was smiling and happy
Elizabeth paused when she saw how still Robert had become. He seemed to be studying her as if he still couldnt decide whether to believe her or not. He just seemed to be waiting, waiting for what she didnt know. If it had been anyone else she would have said he was waiting for lightning to strike her or waiting for the hand of God to smite her down, but Robert appeared to be interested rather than damnatory.
How do you know it was me in your dream? He finally asked in a surprisingly calm voice.
I didnt at that time. But last night I had another dream and I saw your face and She stopped, blushing furiously. She looked down at the floor, hoping to hide her face.
And what? He urged, lifting up her face with a gentle pressure under her chin.
And when I saw you this afternoon, I knew. She said in a small voice, hoping he would believe her and let the matter rest.
But he was smarter than that. He eyed her intently. Youre not telling me something. Something else happened in that dream that you do not want me to know about. Come, Elizabeth, you just told me you would never lie to me.
Why was she being so silly about this? Tomorrow night they were going to be husband and wife. She wasnt afraid of intimacy or embarrassed by it. Her governess had even given her and Evelyn lessons in seduction a la francaise. So boldly meeting his gaze, she said, You were making love to me.
Robert let out a surprised laugh. You continue to amaze me, Elizabeth. Then he lowered his voice teasingly. Did you enjoy it?
Oh oui, beaucoup. She breathed, turning slightly pink again.
He groaned a little. Oh no, French again? Promise me you wont make me look too much like of a fool.
Je promets. She said coquettishly.
Elizabeth His voice was low and warning.
She laughed a little. All right. I promise I wont make you look like a fool. But he never made her promise to never speak in French. She would take advantage of that and planned to speak in French whenever it pleased her.
Thank you. He said. There was a pause and then he said, You know, I do not understand it, but I suddenly feel better. I shouldnt after what youve just told me; tis crazy to believe you; everyone knows that no one can see into the future except for witches and sorcerers.
I am not a witch, Robert. She said firmly. I believe in your heart you know that.
I do, Elizabeth. And I also understand now why you didnt object to the terms of the will. You knew all along.
She just nodded.
And you put up with all my nonsense.
She nodded again, a little smile on her face.
May I kiss you? He asked out of the blue.
Finally, Elizabeth thought. Maureen had been right. I just needed to be patient. He had finally come around. When she had had that first dream she thought it would be so easy; she thought she would meet the right man, it would be love at first sight and they would live happily ever after. She hadnt expected to have to compete against a dead wife; and she had felt sympathy for Robert, but his reluctance had started to annoy her. Now they could just let life happen and enjoy it, knowing that they had years and years ahead of them. It was such a relief. You may kiss me all you like She said, reaching up and tenderly stroking his hair back from his face. She had wanted to do that ever since she had recognized him as her husband but not in the capacity of nursemaid as she had found herself when she had tended to the cut on his cheek. and once we are married where ever you like.
His eyes widened, but Elizabeth only smiled. She waited, her heartbeat speeding up, while he placed his stick against the wall. And then with both hands he cupped her face as if it were made of the most delicate porcelain. I predict I am going to enjoy that garden of delight after all, night after night and night. He said, lowering his lips to hers, but before he actually made contact, she said, It will be my pleasure, sir.
And he crushed her to him and kissed her as if he were starving. And it was just as it had been in her dream. He was so strong, so commanding; even when he had been cradling her face in his big hands ever so gently, she could sense the strength in them. And suddenly she wanted to feel those hands all over her body, over every sensitive inch of flesh, until she was gasping for breath and moaning his name. The image was so clear in her mind that her legs began to tremble and she sagged a little in his arms. But he was quick to catch her as she knew he would and she reveled in his passionate embrace.
* * *
Evelyn was already hurrying out of their bedchamber to meet her sister before Elizabeth had even reached the doorway. From the moment of their birth, they had always had this tremendous connection and not surprisingly she had sensed Elizabeths approach and just minutes ago she had sensed Elizabeths surge of emotion. Her face was flushed with delight for her sister, a blush that most likely matched Elizabeths blush when Robert had ended the kiss because Mistress Fossett had interrupted them. Youre all aglow! Evelyn whispered excitedly and then gave her twin a quick hug. She was whispering because she didnt want the teenage girls in their bedchamber to overhear. Tell me all about it.
Elizabeth laughed at her impatience and kept her arm around her twins waist. Not here. She whispered back. I do not want to take the chance that Alicia and Jane might overhear.
Why do you think I was whispering? You can tell me on the way to get the dogs. Evelyn said, steering Elizabeth towards the stairs. She practically pushed Elizabeth along, she was so eager to find out all the details.
Do you think tis safe for us to go to the servants quarters alone? Elizabeth asked, holding back, frustrating Evelyn.
I shall ask Jamie to escort us. Evelyn said impatiently. I think hes still outside with the men. Now, tell me! Was it wonderful? Was it everything you dreamt it would be?
Oh Evie, it was wonderful. Elizabeth sighed, and Evelyn let out a little sigh of her own. But let me tell you what happened from the beginning!
Oh yes, do hurry before I die of curiosity. Evelyn exclaimed dramatically.
They walked through the hallway and down the stairs, side by side, their arms around each others waists, their heads close together, as if they were attached to each other. Beeswax candles in sconces had been lit throughout the house, lighting their way, but Evelyn barely noticed them as she listened to Elizabeth relate every word of her conversation with Robert. They giggled together at Roberts teasing, then became somber at the telling of their secret, finally sighing in contentment as Elizabeth described the kiss. Neither one of them thought for a moment that Elizabeth might be betraying Robert by telling Evelyn everything. The twins had never kept anything from each other and they werent about to start now just because they were about to be married.
Once outside, the girls stood on the fan-shaped stone steps looking to their right where all the men were still gathered. A gust of chilly wind blew by them, ruffling their collars and skirts and causing them to hug themselves until the wind subsided. That same gust of wind nearly blew out the flame of the torch at the bottom step, and they thought they might be left in the immediate darkness, but then the flame surged back to life allowing them to see their footing once again.
Torches were still burning along the walkways that led to the privy, down to the river and to some of the outbuildings. They would need that light when it came time to get the dogs from the servants quarters. While Jamie would know the way and could guide them without mishap, the torches made the girls feel much safer.
Evelyn and Elizabeth didnt hear any more shooting, obviously the powder and shot had all been spent, but all was not quiet. Now the men appeared to be standing in a large circle, some of them blending into the dark, but others, who had taken off their doublets could be clearly seen, their white shirts almost glowing in the fire light. They were obviously having a grand time, shouting, cheering, laughing and gesticulating. Many of them had cups in their hands, some held whole bottles of wine or brandy and others held long, clay pipes with little curls of smoke rising from the bowls of burning tobacco.
The girls watched anxiously for a few moments, feeling unsure about whether to approach the crowd of men. They could hear some of them shouting words of encouragement among the general din, words like holdim and watch out. Then groans of Ohhh and ooooh as they reacted to whatever was going on in the middle of the circle. Unfortunately the girls couldnt see Jamie anywhere and Evelyn prayed he wasnt in the middle of that fracas. But she feared he was.
The girls continued to scan the crowd; Evelyn was especially anxious to find Jamie. What could be going on in the middle of that circle?
A single, loud voice coming from the men closest to them caught their attention. Evelyn recognized the man as being one of the crew from the ship they had sailed on and remembered the other men calling him Adams. She knew that the seamen had been staying with the ship, working all day, repairing sails and rigging and then coming aground each evening looking for decent food, drink and entertainment. For the past two nights their Uncle Francis, Maureen and Phillip had welcomed them to eat with the servants while Captain Fletcher had joined the family for dinner. The girls had learned that it was a common practice among all the planters in the colony to invite visitors and travelers to room and board with them. So it shouldnt have been a surprise to see him here tonight enjoying the hospitality of the household once again.
Ooohhlook who as come to jine us. He sing-songed. Two lovely birds fit for pluckin.
Evelyn immediately stiffened at the insult and by her side Elizabeth let out a little gasp. How dare he! Evelyn said.
Oy, Jamie, mine lad! John Ewens yelled out after following Adams gaze. Your bride cometh.
So, Jamie was in the middle of that circle after all. She heard him utter Huh? from somewhere but she still couldnt see him.
Bride? Adams asked, looking around at the men closest to him for confirmation. When they nodded yes he groaned and swore, Gods bones!
The men parted and the twins watched wide-eyed as Jamie staggered to his feet, using the other mans shoulder to help him stand. He had been wrestling with Edward Cole, he was wearing only his breeches and was filthy all over, but looked as happy as a lark. He swayed for an instant, then staggered again until George Menefie came over and grabbed his arm to steady him. Im fine; Im fine. He slapped at Menefies hand like a girl, then stood there for a second, gaining his balance and blinking dust out of his eyes.
Evelyn didnt like what she saw at all. He was a mess and clearly he had had far too much to drink. She looked to Elizabeth for support in her emotions but Elizabeth was standing there with her hand over her mouth, not knowing whether to laugh or to stare in shock.
Evie! Jamie called out, smiling idiotically and waving his hand like a retardate.
At that point Evelyn felt like running back into the house and hiding.
But Elizabeth grabbed her arm, whispering, Mon Dieu, Evie! Hes drunk! Shush! Evelyn snapped while watching Jamie lope towards them, barely able to stay in a straight line. She wished Elizabeth would let go of her arm.
And hes nearly naked!
I said, shush! Evelyn repeated, but underneath the anger and the embarrassment, she had noticed the nearly naked part too and couldnt tear her eyes away.
Finally he stopped directly in front of them, swaying and blinking at them as if his eyesight was failing. Evelyn glared at him and crossed her arms over her chest. She noticed that Elizabeth kept her hand over her mouth, hiding a smile that she couldnt seem to control, and Evelyn threw her an angry look too.
Whyre there two of you? He asked, looking back and forth as if he couldnt determine which one was his true bride.
Because you are drunk! Evelyn snapped. If he didnt remember that she had a twin sister, she wasnt going to remind him!
That seemed to make Jamie very happy because he smiled suddenly and turned back towards the men, announcing, Everyoneeveryonemy bride, Evie. And then he did something that was totally stupid. He tried to bow the way he had been taught years ago, one leg out front and then folding at the waist and sweeping his hand along his side from front to back. Well, he ended up losing his balance and toppling right over.
Evelyn let out a little shriek. Elizabeth burst out laughing; in fact the whole crowd of men could be heard roaring with laughter. One crude man in the background yelled, owre you going to swive er, Jamie, when you cant even stand up?
ell make er do all the work, lucky dog. The answer came from Adams, disappointed that the girls werent fair game.
Evelyn ignored all the crudity. Men would be men. Afraid that Jamie might have gotten hurt, she forgot all about her anger and immediately stepped off the final step and dropped down to her knees beside her betrothed, careless of her beautiful gown. Jamie, are you all right? She cried.
My beautiful angel. Jamie murmured from flat on his back. He peered up at her as if she were a goddess.
You are out of your mind. She scoffed, reaching out to smooth his disheveled hair from his face. He appeared harmless and vulnerable at that point and she could forgive a little drunkenness on his last night of bachelorhood.
Am not. You are the most beautiful woman in the world. He breathed, reaching up to stroke her face, and she didnt seem to mind that his fingers were caked with dirt. One kiss, my beautiful angel, just one kiss.
Evelyn hesitated, staring into Jamies earnest face. Everyone had gone perfectly still waiting for her decision. What should she do? Should she kiss him right here on the grass right in front of everyone?
Aw, come on, mistress, one little kiss for the lad to tide im over. Ewens said. And the men all voiced their agreement.
One little kiss to tide me over? Jamie implored like a little boy.
Evelyns mouth twitched in a smile. He looked so pathetic lying there on the ground she knew she was going to give in. She threw Elizabeth a wry look; Elizabeth just shrugged her shoulders and sat down on the steps as if to get comfortable for the show.
All right. One kiss. She said firmly, expecting it to only be a little peck on the lips, and surely that couldnt hurt.
But at those four little words the men went wild, whooping and hollering; and Jamies smile could have lit up the night it was so brilliant. In one surge of movement, he sat up, enfolded her in his arms and covered her mouth with his. He was so eager he turned her so that he could press her to the ground, his upper body nearly crushing her. She could not have imagined this or at least she hadnt believed that Jamie would have assaulted her like this.
This attack on her was nothing like those kisses they had shared by the river earlier that day. Those kisses had been so wonderful, so blissful; and while Jamie had been quite fervent in his actions he had also held himself in check so as not to scare her. Where was that gentle man now? She cried to herself.
Evelyn started to struggle when she realized he wasnt going to stop this assault. She managed to free her arms and she tried pushing on his shoulders while making little whimpering sounds, but that only fueled Jamies ardor. He kissed her harder and harder, and now he was hurting her, bruising her lips and grinding his hips into her thighs. Evelyn started to cry and felt tears sliding down her face into her ears. Why wasnt someone coming to help, but in the background, the men were cheering like the drunken louts that they were.
Finally she heard Elizabeth yelling at Jamie to stop, and then suddenly she felt Jamie pulled off of her. George Menefie and Samuel Matthews were holding him by his arms and dragging him back from her. They were being rather rough with him but she didnt care.
Gasping and sobbing, she immediately curled into a ball heedless of the beautiful skirt of her gown bunching up around her legs. Menefie kept a strong grip on one of Jamies arms, keeping him away from her. Evelyn could hear his harsh breathing and his demands to be let go.
Captain Mathews returned to kneel down beside her, regret written all over his face. Forgive us, Mistress. He said, bowing his head in respect. We should never have allowed this to happen. Your uncle would have had us whipped. I would be honored if you would allow me to escort you back into the house.
Evelyn didnt really want Mathews help; she wanted her sister. She was sore and feeling dirty and wanted nothing more than to wash herself and crawl into bed with Elizabeth and cry on her shoulder. But before Evelyn could respond, they all heard Jamie cry out. Im sorry, Evelyn. Im sorry!
Evelyn flinched and tried to ignore him, but he sounded so remorseful. If he continued to apologize like that, she feared she just might give in. Bess? She called for her twin, reaching a hand out to her, hoping to gain strength from her.
Elizabeth rushed to her sisters side. She helped Evelyn sit up and cradled her in her arms. Evelyn felt warm and comforted and safe again.
Hearing Jamies apologies made Elizabeth as angry as a storm cloud. She glared at Jamie and said, You, sir, are no gentleman. My sister trusted you and you hurt her. She pulled a handkerchief out of her sleeve and gently dabbed at Evelyns cheeks.
Did I hurt you, Evie? Jamie asked, his voice pitched high and full of regret. Did I hurt you?
Evelyn looked at him, her heart beginning to melt as she feared it might. She swiped at the few remaining tears rolling down her cheeks, honestly believing that he hadnt really meant to hurt her and most likely it was the overindulgence of liquor that had made him so aggressive.
He was still being held by Menefie on one side, and Menefies grip looked painful. His shoulders slumped and the expression on his face was full of shame. He was still filthy and his hair was disheveled and wild around his shoulders. She also noticed a tear in his good breeches and in the back of her mind, realized that she would probably be the one to repair them. Yes, Jamie, you did hurt me. She answered, her voice small and higher than normal.
He groaned and hung his head in his hands.
You hear that, you brute! Elizabeth yelled, still so angry she could spit. I hope you suffer the wrath of God for this!
Bess Evelyn chided her sister. Please, that is not necessary.
Elizabeth gaped at her sister, then turned sharply back to Jamie when he yelled back, I didnt mean to hurt her! Then he directed his next words to Evelyn, lowering his voice. I didnt mean to hurt you, Evelyn.
Evelyn tore her gaze from him. She was so confused. She knew the best thing to do right now was to put some distance between them. I want to go inside now, please. She said to Elizabeth.
Evelyn, wont you listen to me? Jamie continued to plead. Please, I beg your pardon. Please He struggled against Menefies hold, but Menefie would not let him go.
Calm down, Jamie. He said. Talk to her tomorrow.
Captain Mathews was graciously helping Evelyn to stand and Elizabeth, hovering over her like a mother hen, helped her to brush off her skirts and to straighten her collar. Evelyns gown was wrinkled and stained and it would take days to repair it, but she couldnt worry about that now.
Thank you, sir. She murmured.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
We were on our way to get our dogs from the servant, Walter. Would you mind retrieving them for us?
I will be honored to do that for you.
Thank you again, sir.
And as Elizabeth guided her sister back inside the house, Evelyn looked back at Jamie one last time. He looked totally dejected, his eyes followed her the whole way, but he didnt try to talk to her again.
She was so disappointed. She wanted to forgive him, but the fact was he had hurt her and for the moment, she couldnt forget that.


Chapter Eleven: In Sickness

The next morning Jamie was as sick as a dog. He barely pushed himself up in time in order to vomit all over the floor. Thankfully he was in the stables and the soiled straw could be cleaned up with a lift of the shovel. He retched until he thought he was going to die and almost wished he would die when the chills started in earnest. This was the sickest he had ever been, worse than the seasickness he had experienced on the voyage to the colony and worse than the first bouts of malaria he had ever had. For now he was experiencing both at the same time, only it wasnt seasickness, but the first hangover he had ever had.
And the malariahe wanted to cry. He had prayed that it wouldnt ever come back and he had thanked God every day that went by without it. It had actually been almost two full years since his last bout. He thought it was gone for good; he knew people who had grown out of it and had hoped that he had too. But he also knew people who had it for the rest of their lives and now feared that he would as well.
He lay back down on the pallet he had made for himself the night before, (he wouldnt even allow himself to think of the night before), groaning, trembling, his head feeling like it was going to explode and his stomach roiling like a hurricane-ravished sea. He had his forearm over his eyes and he could smell the stink of his vomit, his own filthy, unwashed body and all the other stable odors that usually brought him comfort, but not this morning.
As he lay there, shaking uncontrollably, conscious of every labored breath, willing his stomach to settle, he listened to the noises around him. There were the sounds of the usual morning chores; horses being led out of the stables and someone shoveling straw. At least it made him feel a little bit better knowing that someone, most likely Walter, was tending to his horses. From the corner he heard little mewling noises, the barn cat nursing her kittens. Voices came to him from outside, men joking and laughing and talking. He heard those damnable crows cawing and in contrast his precious horses neighing, reminding him of yesterdays beautiful morning and the promise of another beautiful day. Life was going on all around him, but all he could do was lie there and moan.
It wasnt long before he sensed someone standing over him. He shifted his arm higher on his forehead and opened his eyes a crack. Even though it was dim in this part of the stables, the small amount of light stabbed at his eyes and he groaned again and squeezed his eyes shut.
Are you all right, Master James? A young boys voice asked. He had recognized all the signs of Jamies dreaded disease and was concerned.
Jamie slowly opened his eyes again. It had been a surprise to hear that young voice full of concern, but it was even more of a surprise to see four young boys standing there, two little ones and the other two barely in their teens, looking down at him. Jamie hadnt even heard them approach and realized that they had most likely snuck up on him.
He swallowed, opened his mouth to speak but nothing came out. His mouth and throat were as dry as a cured tobacco leaf.
Should I get Master Robert? The boy asked then. He was nervously fiddling with the bottom button of his shirt where it tucked into his breeches.
Jamie nodded, humiliated. He finally recognized the boy as being the fourteen-year-old son of Samuel Mathews, Samuel Jr. The two smaller boys, brothers most likely, were staring at him as if he were some kind of mutated bug; the other one, taller and stockier, like he was a worthless dog.
Jamie kept his eyes on Sam. The chills were worse now and he couldnt control the awful shaking. Th..th..thank you, Sam. He managed to whisper without biting his tongue.
And then they were gone in a flash, eight bare feet pounding on the packed dirt floor and then a huge crash as the door was thrown shut behind them.
* * *
Robert had already been up close to two hours. He had awoken refreshed and free of any considerable pain. His leg felt ninety-five percent better, the cut on his cheek pulled only a little when he smiled and most important of all, he felt a lightness in his heart that he hadnt felt in a long time. He and Robin had washed up, dressed and gone downstairs before anyone else had gotten up. Even Sally had still been asleep on her narrow cot, (which was in the corner of the kitchen and behind a wooden screen), exhausted from the day before. Robert had tried not to disturb her as he had gotten the fire going in the big kitchen fireplace, even allowing Robin to help him with the kindling and pine knots. Then he had drawn several buckets of water from the well and had brought them back into the kitchen. By then Sally had woken up, but he had convinced her to linger in bed which she did while he found leftover meat, bread, fruit and other dishes down in the root cellar and had brought all of it up, setting the table and readying it for the guests. Finally he had taken Robin outside to allow Sally some privacy, but returned shortly thereafter when she called them back in for a hot breakfast. He had been feeling so good he had even given Sally a peck on the cheek as she served him fresh, hot corn fritters.
But now Robert felt his heart sink. It had only taken him a minute to run to the stables after Sam had come for him. He went down onto his knees beside his brother and he couldnt believe what he was seeing. Not again, he thought, not today of all days. Their eyes met and Robert could see the misery in Jamies bloodshot eyes. Oh God, Jamie, He sighed. Tis the sickness again, isnt it?
I..Im s..sorry. was all Jamie could manage. A tear formed at the corner of his eye, then rolled down his face into the hair at his temple.
Robert thumbed the wetness away. What are we going to do? You cant marry Evelyn like this.
Jamie groaned again. Shshe hates m..me anyway.
What! Robert was shocked. He thought Jamie and Evelyn had fallen in love at first sight. What happened?
I..I hurt her. Jamie said. Another tear fell, following the same track as the previous one. I..I..
Say no more. You need not explain it to me now. Robert interrupted, knowing how difficult it was for Jamie to talk when he had the chills like this. He also didnt believe that Jamie could have hurt Evelyn; Jamie had never hurt anyone. There must have been some misunderstanding between them.
Robert wiped away the second tear, then picked a small, black flea off of Jamies neck and another one from his collarbone. Lets get you in the house and cleaned up. He said. Then well decide what to do. And without waiting for an answer from Jamie, Robert turned to the boy who was waiting in the background. Sam, do get your father, please.
Yes, sir. The boy took off, quick as a blink.
While they waited for Samuel Mathews to arrive, Robert got up and rummaged around for a second blanket to wrap Jamie in. He finally found several rough horse blankets folded and stacked on a rickety old bench by the double doors. He took the one on the top; it looked as good as any of the others, although there were a few moth holes here and there. He shook it out, coughed at the dust it kicked up and wrinkled his nose at the awful smell of horse and old wool. Jamie will love it, Robert thought with a shake of his head.
When Robert returned with the blanket draped over his arm, he saw that Jamie had rolled onto his side to the edge of the pallet, his back facing outwards. Jamie was trying to do something, but the shaking was making it quite difficult. He was also cursing under his breath, even though the words were barely coming out of his mouth whole. What the hell are you doing? Robert asked, stepping right up to Jamies back. He looked down at where Jamies fingers were now clutching the fabric of his breeches close to his crotch.
Robert frowned. He knew that Jamie sometimesumbrought himself to satisfaction, especially in the morning whenwell, you know, but now! He had never known the sickness to arouse Jamie before.
Jamies hands stilled, or rather he ceased trying to unbutton his breeches. His hands still shook like he had some kind of palsy. He rolled his head back to look up at Robert. II got t..to p..piss real b..b..bad.
Oh. Robert momentarily felt ashamed, but not enough to stop him from exclaiming, So, youre planning to piss right there on the floor?
Y..y..yes!
Cant you at least wait until Captain Mathews gets here and well take you to the privy?
No! Jamie cried desperately, managing for once to get the word out without stuttering.
Oh Christ! All right, but Robert dropped the blanket, lowered himself to his knees again and reached around to release the buttons of Jamies breeches. Im not holding it for you.
Jamie grunted something under his breath; Robert thought he had said, Thank God!
Once the buttons were undone, Jamie immediately reached into the opening, but Robert was still fussing around, sweeping in more straw with his hands, mounding it a little in front of Jamies crotch area, thinking that the extra straw would help to soak up the liquid.
S..s..stop it! Jamie cried out in frustration. He pushed and slapped at Roberts hands, and finally, Robert got the message and left Jamie alone.
Moving back to the doors and waiting for Mathews to arrive, Robert paced back and forth, trying to figure out how they were going to hold the weddings today. Perhaps if he could get Jamie cleaned up and dressed before the fever took hold of him
Captain Mathews came in and clapped his hand on Roberts shoulder. So, the boy is a little sick this morning, eh? No surprise about that. Mathews said, sounding unconcerned and even rather amused.
What? Robert eyed Mathews. Mathews must have misunderstood his sons description of Jamies symptoms. Why is it not a surprise? Did the symptoms appear last night after I had left? And why didnt anybody tell me last night? He demanded.
Easy there, son. Mathews patted Roberts shoulder. He spoke in a low, fatherly voice. Jamie was fine last night, well, fine may be stretching it a little, and there was a slight mishap but I explained to Mistress Evelyn that Jamie was a young man on the eve of his marriage and he had had a little too much to drink. You know how it is, Rob, when tis your last night as a single man and you celebrate a little too much? And unfortunately Jamie got carried away. But who wouldnt with as lovely a girl as Mistress Evelyn is? Of course I take full responsibility. George and I should never have let Jamie overindulge like that.
Robert couldnt believe what he was hearing. At first he had just stood there, his mouth hanging open, but the more Mathews said, the angrier he became. He could feel his body tense as his ire grew. His brother had gotten drunk? He was sick because he was hung over? Of course Samuel Jr. could have gotten the symptoms confused. The symptoms were almost the same, headache, vomiting, although Robert didnt believe a hangover caused chills or a fever. And Jamie hadnt answered yes to Roberts question; he had only said he was sorry.
Roberts first thought was to storm back to Jamie, grab him and demand answers. But his instinct told him that Jamies illness was indeed due to a relapse of the swamp fever. So he reined in his anger, remained where he was and questioned Mathews instead.
What happened exactly? Robert demanded. Jamie did tell me that he had hurt Evelyn, but I didnt believe him.
So, he admitted it, eh? Well, he kissed her, but only after he asked, mind you. But once she said yes, he became rather aggressive. He had her pinned to the ground and George and I had to pull him off of her.
You had to pull him off of her? Robert repeated slowly, shocked. My God, what had happened after I had left? He didnt hurt her too badly, did he?
No, she was just shaken up a bit. Mathews sounded matter-of-fact about it. Like I said, when I returned their dogs to them, I talked to her and tried to explain about Jamies behavior. I apologized again and she seemed satisfied with that.
I cannot believe he would do such a thing. Robert muttered, shaking his head, not seeming to hear what Mathews had just said.
Well, he was rather soused. Thats why I thought when Sam told me Jamie was sick, I thought it was because of the drink. Jamies never gotten drunk like that before, has he?
No, but this is more than just a hangover. Robert said with conviction. Ive seen him too many times before with the swamp fever to think this is anything else.
Well, then, Mathews said with a sigh. We need to get him in the house and into bed. Where is he?
This way. Robert said, taking Mathews arm and steering him towards the back of the barn.
* * *
Jamie was never so humiliated. God, he hated being sick. He couldnt even stand on his own two feet when Robert and Captain Mathews came to help him into the house. They had to carry him much to his embarrassment. And of course as he was being carried through the yard, everyone who was outside came rushing over to see what was wrong. And despite Roberts and Captain Mathews reassuring words, the women still cried and blubbered and fussed over him like he was at deaths door; and the men just shook their heads and murmured words of woe.
Everyone even followed them into the house, but at least they stepped back once they mounted the stairs. Jamie was glad to be rid of them. All those worried faces staring at him scared him.
The worst moment of all though came after Robert and Mathews laid him down on the trundle bed in the master bedchamber. Jamie was so weak he wasnt able to stop Robert from stripping him naked while Mathews and Maureen and Sally were still in the room! Maureen and Sally had come up carrying pitchers of hot and cold water, clean linen cloths and a ball of castile soap. At least they were at the desk, placing the items there, with their backs to Jamie. And at least Robert covered him up with a quilt before the women turned around.
Thank heavens they finally all left except for Robert. He was at the desk pouring hot and cold water into a wash bowl, testing the temperature with his fingers. Jamie watched him for a moment, remembering all the times Robert had hovered over him when he had been sick before. There really wasnt much Robert could do for him except see to his personal needs and provide comfort. Jamie knew there was no cure nor any medicines that could ease his symptoms, and all the doctors ever wanted to do was bleed and purge, bleed and purge.
The chills continued to rack Jamies body and he huddled further under the quilt. His head still hurt like someone had hit him over the head with a hatchet and being carried into the house and up the stairs hadnt done anything to settle his stomach. He wondered if this was going to be the attack that would end it all. He certainly didnt want to die, especially now that he had met Evelyn and anticipated a satisfactory life with her. But then again, on second thought, Evelyn may refuse to marry him after what he had done last night. Despair washed over him like a waterfall.
He could only think of one thing that might help. He began to pray, his voice just a whisper.
Robert came over to him, placing the wash bowl on the floor next to the trundle bed. What are you mumbling about? He asked, squeezing the water from the cloth.
Im p..praying. Jamie admitted. His eyes met Roberts, daring his brother to say something. Jamie knew what Robert thought about praying, that it was useless and that only fools did it.
But Robert only let out a sigh. He felt Jamies forehead and said, Youre not going to die, Jamie. I wont let you.
Jamie let out a weak laugh. Th..thank yoummost p..p..powerful one.
Robert returned the smile. Youre welcome. He quipped, as he proceeded to wipe Jamies face and neck. There were two little red flea bites where Robert had picked off the fleas earlier in the barn, and he was careful not to rub them too hard lest he make them bleed. Mathews said you got drunk last night.
Jamie, too ashamed of himself, only nodded and turned his face aside.
And you really did hurt Mistress Evelyn?
Jamie nodded again, closing his eyes.
Well, maybe this was meant to be. Robert said. Maybe Evelyn is destined to marry someone else.
No! Jamie burst out, coming alive at that horrible thought. No. He repeated, grabbing Roberts arm. She c..cant mmarry someone else. F..fathers will.
True. Robert said thoughtfully. Then his voice turned sympathetic. But Jamie, it wouldnt be right to force her if she no longer wants to marry you.
I know. Jamie whispered, feeling defeated. He turned onto his side, his back to Robert. He felt utterly hopeless, like yesterday had been the highlight of his life and now there were only dark and empty days before him.
Behind him, Robert sighed. I hate to see you like this, Jamie. He said, squeezing Jamies shoulder.
G..g..go away. Jamie muttered, not wanting his brothers pity.
What should I tell the Reverend? And the twins?
J..just go away. Jamie repeated, dejected.
Tell them to go away? Robert asked, incredulous.
Jamie just nodded, too miserable to speak.
Robert sighed again. If thats what you want.
Jamie did not respond. Too ashamed and heart-broken, he felt tears well up in his eyes. He had fallen in love so quickly and then ruined it just as quick. He had nobody to blame but himself.
Eventually Robert would leave, Jamie knew, although he would be reluctant to do so. Jamie listened as Robert slowly left his side, taking the wash bowl back to the desk. He took an inordinate length of time cleaning up, wringing out the rag, hanging it up to dry. He was stalling, Jamie knew, afraid to leave his little brother in this pitiful state.
But finally Jamie waited him out and Robert headed towards the door, however, just at the last moment, he stopped. Jamie sensed him looking back, debating whether to leave. Why couldnt he just go?
What are you th...thinking, Rob? Jamie asked, fed up with his brother.
Im thinking I may have spoken out of line.
That caught Jamies attention. He turned over. What d..do you m..mean?
Rob moved closer. Youre correct about fathers will. Even if Evelyn has changed her mind about marrying you, maybe she cant object. And you still want her, do you not? You still love her.
I d..do, with all m..my heart. Jamie said emphatically.
Maybe shes had time to settle downmaybe
Jamie interrupted, full of hope again. W..will you t..t..talk to her, Rob? Please?
Robert patted Jamies shoulder and smiled. Ill do what I can.
And if Evelyn will ststill have mme, I want to g..get m..married th..this m..morning as pl..planned. You will j..just have t..to help m..me get dr..dressedand hold m..me upI ca..can s..say the words mmyself.
Are you sure?
Yes. Jamie said firmly. He was not going to allow this incident to come between them or to allow this relapse of the great debilitater to stop him. If Evelyn wanted their marriage postponed or canceled, he would accept that, but he would be damned if he succumbed to this disease. But there are some things that are out of ones control; therefore, there was another matter he wished to discuss with his brother. And one m..more th..thing, Rob. If I shshould d..die, I want Evelyn to have m..my n..name and pr..property. I want her taken care of
For just a moment, Robert looked surprised, but then he nodded. I understand, Jamie. Well get you married as soon as possible.
Just as Rob was about to walk out the door, the beagles started barking up a storm. What the hell? He exclaimed.
Th..the dogs. Jamie said, a wry look on his face.
Are you sure you still want to marry Mistress Evelyn? Robert asked sarcastically.
Well, at least they knew the twins were up.
* * *
The four girls were jolted awake by an urgent knocking on the bedchamber door and someone calling, Mistress Evelyn! Mistress Evelyn!
The dogs started barking like crazy and immediately ran to the door, their toenails sounding like hail on a windowpane. The twins scrambled out of bed, tossing quilts and pillows willy-nilly. They ignored Janes and Alicias wide-eyed looks as Evelyn went for the dogs while Elizabeth went to pull open the door.
It was Mrs. Jenkin and her wrinkled face was lined with distress. She had been crying and as she hurried in, she clutched a handkerchief to her mouth. They had to carry Master James into the house. She cried, wiping tears from her cheeks.
What! Who? Evelyn gasped from her kneeling position on the floor. The dogs had quieted, but Evelyn continued to hold them, knowing that if she let them go they would instantly run to the old woman and start to stiff her shoes.
My poor James. Mrs. Jenkin said, sobbing loudly.
What has happened? Evelyn cried. Please, tell us what has happened.
He is dying The old woman wailed.
The girls still lying in bed gasped out loud. Evelyn let out a cry. She turned to Elizabeth who appeared stricken. I didnt mean it, Evie. Elizabeth whispered in remorse. Im so sorry. Oh, please God, I didnt mean it.
But Evelyn wasnt listening. So many questions and thoughts were running through her mind. Jamie was dying? How could that be? People didnt die from drinking too much, did they? Oh my God! What if he had done something to hurt himself after what had happened last night? Despite his deplorable behavior, she should have forgiven him; she shouldnt have left him.
She had to go see him. Right now. Bess, hold the dogs, please.
Did you not hear me? Elizabeth said, moving quickly to obey her sister.
You are not to blame. Evelyn responded. Not once had she thought that God had heard Elizabeths words and had unleashed his wrath on Jamie.
Once Elizabeth took hold of the dogs, Evelyn started pulling on clothes over her chemise, a simple golden brown skirt and a buttercup yellow bodice. She splashed cold water on her face and tried to comb her hair, but it was full of snarls and she threw the comb down in a fit of frustration. Mrs. Jenkin was blubbering the whole time, saying that Master Robert and Captain Mathews had carried Jamie from the barn into the house and had put him in the master bedchamber. She said that Jamie had looked terrible, that his face had been deathly pale and that his body was shaking as if he were possessed. That caught Evelyns attention and she glanced at Elizabeth who was now sitting on the floor with the beagles. Their eyes met and Elizabeth cried in a small voice, Im so sorry, Evie. I really didnt mean what I said.
I told you, you are not to blame. Evelyn said firmly. Take care of Mrs. Jenkin. I must go now.
And she ran out the door, her bare feet silent on the hardwood floor.
Out in the hallway she ran directly into Robert who was headed in her direction. She was as shocked to see him as he was her. She grabbed his arms, surprising him even more. Clutching him, she started to talk fast. Oh, Robert! Where is Jamie? Is he all right? Is hehes not dead, is he? She was nearly in tears.
Of course hes not dead. Robert reassured her. Why would you think Jamie had died?
Mrs. Jenkin told us he was dying. She said you and Captain Mathews had to carry him into the house and that he looked awful. She said he was shaking as if he were possessed.
Robert made a scoffing noise in his throat. That old busybody. He grumbled. Tis only a relapse of the swamp fever. Robert said.
Swamp fever? Evelyn asked, confused. She didnt know what that was.
The ague, the tertian ague, you know, the fever and chills that come and go. Robert explained. It does kill some people but Jamie has always recovered.
Oh. Evelyn said, considering. So, Jamie wasnt as sick as she had been led to believe. He was not going to die; in fact, he would recover, so there was really nothing to worry about.
Evelyn, Robert said, urgency in his voice and taking her hand into his. He spoke quickly, I need to speak with you
About what? About Jamie?
He asked me to speak to you.
What did he say? She asked quietly. She hoped it wasnt about last night, but feared it was.
And just as she assumed, he said, Evelyn, I know not exactly what happened last night
She suddenly blushed and looked down. Robert was the one man who hadnt been witness to her humiliation and she felt she could at least meet his eyes when speaking to him, but nowShe felt foolish, realizing that, of course, Jamie would have told Robert what had happened. Maybe even boasted about it.
Robert continued, his voice earnest. but Jamie would never intentionally hurt you. My brother is not a bad person and he has told me that he has much affection for you. He said hes never felt what he feels for you with anyone else.
Slowly Evelyn raised her face and looked at Robert. Of course he would defend his brother but perhaps he was telling the truth. Roberts face blurred as tears welled in her eyes. She quickly swiped at them, then accepted the handkerchief that Robert offered her. He continued, Evelyn, what Jamie did last night was not normal behavior for him. From what I understand, he was greatly influenced by the men around him.
But he hurt me and humiliated me in front of everyone. She cried, more tears rolling down her cheeks. I fear I will not be able to forget that.
Robert made a move as if he might put his arm around her, but at the last second changed his mind. Instead he asked a question that stunned her completely. Have you had the dream, Evelyn?
She looked up sharply. What! She gasped. She noticed he had said the dream, not a dream.
The dream. He repeated emphatically. Have you had the dream?
Her shoulders slumped. She knew what he meant. No. She whispered, her eyes downcast.
So you do not know if youre supposed to marry Jamie.
Evelyn drew in a slow breath. No. She said honestly. But the situation here is perfect. Bess and I have always worried that marriage would separate us. But marrying you and Jamie, we would be together always.
Robert smiled. Do you realize what you have just said?
She gasped. Her eyes were wide as she stared at Robert. I cannot ruin this opportunity for Bess and me, she thought. I must forgive him and let him know that I will still marry him. Where is he? She asked at last.
In Francis bedchamber.
Evelyn turned to leave, but Robert caught her arm one last time. Evelyn, I promise you that Jamie is a good man. He made one mistake; it wont happen again.
Evelyn nodded; Robert let her go and she hurried to her betrothed.
Once at the doorway, she padded silently into the room until she stood at the foot of the trundle bed. Jamie was still there huddled under the quilt. He appeared to be sleeping, but he was still shivering with the chills and she didnt think anyone could sleep while in the throes of this illness.
It worried her to see him so sick. Yesterday he had been healthy and strong, a young man in the prime of life, just the kind of man she would need to provide for her in this new, untamed land. But it also greatly disappointed her that she wouldnt have a perfectly healthy husband like Elizabeth would. And he had acted poorly last night, attacking her in front of everyone. But if she wanted to live close to Elizabeth for the rest of her life, then she would have to marry Jamie, healthy, gentlemanly, or not.
Her decision made, she softly called Jamies name.
He immediately turned and looked up at her. Evie? He said, hope in his voice. Im s..so glad you c..came.
Inwardly Evelyn winced at his stuttering speech. Wasnt there anything anyone could do for him? She moved to his side and knelt down on the floor, tucking her long skirts underneath her. Her expression softened as her heart went out to him, and she smoothed his hair back from his forehead. His skin was cool to the touch and his face was ever so pale and she almost started to cry again, but she didnt think Jamie would like her weeping over him. Robert said you have the tertian ague.
Jamie nodded. It c..comes and g..goes. He turned over onto his back to see her better.
Thats what he said, but you always recover. Evelyn said, helping him to adjust his pillow. She also pulled the quilt up to his chin and tucked it around his shoulders.
He smiled weakly. Im one of the lucky ones, I g..guess. He tried to make a joke of it.
She smiled in return. Im glad youre going to be all right. She said softly, sitting back and placing her hands in her lap. When I first heard about your sickness, I became quite worried.
I dont d..deserve your k..kindness, after what I d..did last n..night. Im s..so s..sorry about th..that. Im s..so very s..sorry. He said, his eyes full of remorse.
I know. She said. Captain Mathews explained everything to me last night and your brother spoke to me just now. I forgive you. I like it not She said in a stronger voice. but I forgive you.
Jamie closed his eyes as he let out a huge sigh of relief. Thank you. And I p..promise Ill never hurt you again.
I know you wont. She said, believing him wholeheartedly.
D..does this m..mean that youll st..still m..marry m..me? He asked.
She smiled again, feeling good about her decision. I will, Jamie. In sickness and in health.


Chapter Twelve: Determination and Dogwood Tea

Evelyn stayed with Jamie, holding his hand and watching him doze, while they waited for Robert to return. Now that she had agreed to marry Jamie a second time, she wondered if they would actually go through with the ceremony this morning. Would Jamie feel well enough or would they have to postpone the wedding for another day? But the chills seemed to have suddenly stopped and Jamies face was peaceful as his body was finally able to relax into the mattress.
Just when she thought he might be recovering though, his skin began to flush with a rapidly rising fever. This worried her and every few minutes she would feel his forehead, causing him to open his eyes drowsily and smile up at her. She made herself return the smiles lest she frighten him but inside she was hoping by some miracle his temperature would fall. However, much to her horror, he felt hotter and hotter with each passing moment. She was truly scared now; when Robert had told her that Jamie would recover she had felt such relief, but now she feared that he was taking a turn for the worse.
She really had no idea what to do for him and this helpless feeling that she had reminded her of the countless times she had cared for those poor, unfortunate children in the church orphanage who had been afflicted with all kinds of deadly diseases like burning fevers, the flux and even the pox. All she had been able to do then was to offer them water and bathe their burning bodies, and pray for their souls as they breathed their last breaths. Evelyn hoped that she wouldnt be saying any of those types of prayers for Jamie at the end of this day.
And she also remembered how she had felt on those occasions; how she would come home feeling weary and saddened and her governess would hold her while she cried copious tears into her apron. Evelyn would always ask her why so many little children had to die and she would answer that only God knew how to answer that. And then Evelyn would ask her why didnt she, herself, and Elizabeth become sick, and Louise would always answer that they came from good, strong stock. But Evelyn wondered about this because if that were true then why had their mother died at such a young age? But Louise had an answer for that question too; she would always look into Evelyns eyes and say, your mother loved your father so much that she didnt heed the dreams.
As Evelyn continued to worry over Jamie, she also worried over the fact that she hadnt had any dreams concerning her future with him. Did that mean that there wouldnt be any future? Did that mean that he was going to die this day? Dear God, she hoped not!
Jamies breathing changed slightly; she noticed that it seemed to be coming quicker. Evelyn could even see the pulse in his neck, throbbing faster than her own heartbeat. He was becoming restless, moving his head back and forth on the pillow and squirming under the quilts. She wished she knew what she could do for him to ease his discomfort; she wished she was more knowledgeable of medicines and simples. But she and Elizabeth had been blessed with excellent health and other than the occasional cold or stomachache, neither one of them had ever needed any medical attention.
Suddenly Jamie threw all the covers off of him, startling her. And shocking her! He was naked, naked as a dickey bird! No nightshirt, no smallclothes, no nothing! She felt her own face flush with heat as she stared quite overtly. She knew she shouldnt; she knew it was quite inappropriate for her to be eyeing his privy parts. She was an innocent maiden, for heavens sake; and he was extremely ill and vulnerable, but oh, il est magnifique! She thought shamelessly.
But then sense and detachment returned. She was here to care for him, not to ogle him! With gentle hands she drew the quilt back over Jamies lower body, settling the top edge neatly at his chest. He must have felt the weight because he opened his heavy-lidded eyes and looked at her. She smiled and said, You threw the covers off.
So hot in here. He whispered.
Apparently he had been too groggy to notice that he had just exposed his naked body to her or he just didnt care.
Ill open the window. She said, believing fresh air would do him good.
She stood up, but then had second thoughts and she turned back to him. Or would you rather I not open it? She knew how some people believed that windows should be kept firmly shut against deadly miasmas and while she had been living in London she had understood this. But even in London when the breeze was blowing enough to clear the air, Evelyns governess would open all the windows in hers and Elizabeths bedchambers and Louise would tell them stories of the beautiful Diane de Poitiers, King Henri IIs mistress who believed in daily bathing and riding out in the fresh air every morning. Evelyn imagined that the air here in Virginia was as fresh and clean as the air had been in the royal forests of France and didnt believe it carried any disease.
Jamie nodded imperceptibly. Open it. He whispered, closing his eyes. He sighed and seemed to sink deeper into the mattress and for a short, frightening moment she thought he had died. But in the next moment his chest rose with his next breath and she almost swooned in relief. Quickly, she turned and scurried across the room to open the window.
Robert returned at that moment and Evelyn breathed a sigh of relief. He would know what to do and in fact he was carrying a tray with two tankards, one small pitcher and a bowl with a hunk of brown bread in it.
How is he? He asked, his attention focused on his brother.
Worse, I think. Evelyn answered, returning to Jamies side and close to Robert, but not that close that she was in his way. She wanted to see what he had brought for Jamie to drink and how he cared for him. As Jamies wife she knew she would be the one to take care of Jamie during any future bouts of the intermittent fever.
Jamie appeared to be sleeping but opened his eyes as Robert moved closer. You could ask me. He said, sounding annoyed. He hated it when people talked about him as if he werent right there in front of them. And that had happened a lot in the past whenever he had lain ill.
He pushed the covers down again, baring his upper body, but stopped at his waist.
All right. Robert said good-naturedly, ignoring Jamies tone. He placed the tray down on the floor next to the trundle bed, then sat back on his heels. He flashed Jamie a cheeky grin as he inquired, So, how are you, brother mine?
I feel like shit. Jamie grumbled.
Robert burst out laughing. His bark of laughter was rather loud in the quiet room. And despite her worry for Jamie, Evelyn nearly burst out laughing too; she had to clap her hands over her mouth to stop herself. Poor Jamie, he sounded so miserable and she felt terribly sorry for him, but continued to hide a smile behind her hand.
You look worse. Robert chuckled, but then he felt Jamies neck with the back of his hand and quickly sobered. My God, youre burning up! Ive brought some dogwood tea that Sally made up fresh this morning right after she heard about your relapse, and Maureen insisted I feed you some bread soaked in warm cows milk.
Jamie made a face. Yeeuck! He said, shuddering. Tell Maureen she can go jump in the river.
Jamie Robert chided, but with an indulgent smile. She also wanted to send Pawley up with his little box of lancets.
Did you yell at him too? Jamie asked.
Who is Pawley? Evelyn asked. She had been standing quietly by, watching the interplay between the brothers.
Robert glanced back at her as if he had forgotten she was still there. Hes the local chirurgeon. Hes a good man, but I disagree with his practices, all doctors practices in fact. He turned his attention back to Jamie. Can you sit up? He asked and when Jamie nodded, Robert helped him up, piling three pillows behind his back so that Jamie was half-reclining. Then Robert tucked the quilts tighter around Jamies waist so that there was no chance of slippage.
But perhaps he knows best. Evelyn suggested. Perhaps he should bleed Jamie. After all, isnt that what they do for fevers?
Roberts reaction was startling. He jerked back to gape at Evelyn, his face incredulous. Are you mad? He demanded. Then he turned back to Jamie. Do you agree with her? Do you want to be bled?
Of course not! Jamie answered.
Did I say something wrong? Evelyn asked in a small voice almost at the same time Jamie responded. Her gaze went from Robert to Jamie and back, clearing not understanding Roberts reaction.
Jamie turned his head on the pillow to look at Evelyn. His expression softened, No, you didnt say anything wrong, but Rob and I are He paused as though searching for a word. He flipped his hand once or twice before saying, different.
Robert snorted, rolling his eyes, but Jamie ignored him and continued, We do not have the same faith in doctors as other people do.
Thats putting it mildly. Robert muttered under his breath, but Evelyn heard him. She took that as a sign to keep quiet. She suddenly remembered Roberts violent reaction to the doctor yesterday after her Uncle Francis had died. She and her sister had thought that he was just upset over the death of their adoptive father, but now she knew it was more than that. He truly hated how doctors practiced medicine. She would remember that in future, and she would warn Elizabeth too.
Robert handed Jamie the tankard filled with the dogwood brew. Here, drink this. This will help you more than any amount of bleeding or purging will.
Jamie took the tankard readily enough; Evelyn assumed that he was used to drinking this stuff, but this time he took one sip and immediately gagged. I cant. He whined, turning his head aside like a little boy and pushing the tankard back into Roberts hand.
I know your stomach must still be sensitive from this morning, but you need to try. Sally told me she added an extra spoonful of honey to make it taste better. Now, come on. Robert brought the mug close to Jamies lips again.
No, please Jamie whined some more and turned his head again, trying to avoid the mug.
Robert sighed, hesitating a moment.
Would you like me to try? Evelyn asked. Maybe I can get him to drink it.
No, I have another idea.
Im right here, you two. Jamie pointed out.
Yes, you are. Robert said. And I have a question for you.
What is it?
I assume you two have resolved your differences? He looked back and forth between Jamie and Evelyn with raised eyebrows.
This new tactic worked like a charm. What? Jamies face showed his bewilderment.
I assume you two have resolved your differences. Robert repeated, enunciating every word clearly and this time not as a question.
Yes, why? Jamie looked suspicious.
You told me earlier that you still wanted to get married this morning if Evelyn would have you. You told me that I would only need to help you dress and hold you up but you could say the words yourself. Do you remember that, Jamie?
I remember. Jamie said, still looking suspicious.
Then drink. You know it will help with the fever and make you feel better. Otherwise, I believe well have to postpone the weddings until youre fully recovered.
You bastard. Jamie growled.
Jamie, you shouldnt speak to your brother like that. Evelyn gently chided him.
Jamie ignored her, and Robert only chuckled. You know Im right. He said to his brother, smirking.
I know. Jamie agreed grudgingly. So, he grabbed the tankard and forced himself to drink the bitter brew. He threw up half of it, but finally managed to keep the other half down and then Robert let him have the watered wine in the other tankard. He even managed to eat a few nibbles of the brown bread although the milk was left to sour in the pitcher.
Despite feeling sorry for Jamie, Evelyn felt a thrill of excitement run through her. She was getting married this morning! Today would be her wedding day.
* * *
Robert chuckled to himself as he left the bedchamber and entered the hall. He was on the way to the kitchen to return the tray with the empty tankards and then to inform the minister that the weddings would go on as planned. He had known that if he reminded Jamie of his own words about his determination to marry Evelyn that he would drink that awful dogwood bark tea. And it had worked. Jamie had had a difficult time drinking the stuff at first but in the end had managed to keep some of it down.
At the top of the stairs, he looked down to see Phillip at the bottom step. It appeared that Phillip had either been waiting for him or had planned to meet him at the top. This annoyed Robert; he didnt want to face Phillip at this time. He wanted to return the tray to the kitchen, inform Maureen that the weddings were to proceed as planned and then go find the minister. But there was no avoiding him.
At least Robert was somewhat satisfied to see that a nice bruise had developed on Phillips left cheekbone, similar to the one Robert had on his own face. Phillip was wearing his natty, highly embroidered doublet and breeches again, the same as what he had worn yesterday. Show-off, Robert thought to himself. Always the jack-a-dandy.
As Robert reached the last step of the staircase, Phillip began, Robert, can I have a word with you?
What do you want? Robert was less than cordial. They were alone in the hall, but Robert could hear voices in the withdrawing room and the dining room.
Phillip was not deterred by Roberts attitude. I want to apologize for yesterday.
Robert snorted. What was wrong with you? Why did you attack me like that? You know my affection for Maureen is only as a brother loves a sister.
I know that; I do know that, but yesterday He shook his head at himself. Sparshott brought his whiskey and I had too much too soon.
Theres more to it than that. Robert stated, eyeing Phillip impatiently.
Phillip hung his head in shame and some other emotion that confused Robert. When Phillip looked up again, Robert was surprised to see a touch of fear in Phillips eyes.
Youre right. Phillip admitted. There is more. He hesitated.
Yes Robert urged him on, unsympathetic.
Phillip let out a sigh. These past few weeks at church a new settler to the colony has been eyeing Maureen
Robert tried not to laugh in the mans face. Shes an attractive woman.
I know! Phillip said through clenched teeth. But I do not like it when other men ogle my wife. She is my wife and shes not available! He declared.
Did she look back? Robert asked matter-of-factly, knowing perfectly well that she did not. She was wholly devoted to her husband and children.
She was polite to the man when he joined us after church to discuss the sermon. Shes always polite to everyone. Phillip grumbled.
Look, man, I accept your apology, but do not let it happen again. There is no need for you to be jealous of me or any other man in this colony. Maureen loves you and you alone. She would do anything for you. He was thinking that it was a rare woman who put up with rough sex, let alone like it! Phillip didnt know how lucky he was, or maybe he did.
I know. Phillip said softly.
Robert continued, Youre a fool, you know, and if you do anything to displease her. He let the threat hang in the air.
I hear you! Phillip said angrily, glaring back at Robert. It wont happen again.
Good. Now, I have news for you.
Oh? Is it about Jamie? Did he drink all the tea?
He did and hes determined to go through with the wedding today.
Good for him! Phillip was pleased. Then hell need one of these He added, unbuttoning one button of his doublet and reaching into the opening. He pulled out a small, black pouch and held it out to Robert. and youll need the other one. This is the other reason why I wanted to talk with you.
What is it? Robert asked, putting the tray down on one of the treads.
Maureen and I would like you and Jamie to have these rings for your wedding. Our gift to the four of you.
Robert accepted the pouch and gingerly opened it. He pulled out two plain, gold rings. He looked back at Phillip in surprise. I never even thought about rings.
Phillip chuckled a little. Leave it to Maureen to think of them. She also has veils for the girls to wear. Business has been so good at the store lately that were trying to keep more things like this in the inventory.
Thank you, Phillip. Thank you indeed. Robert said with genuine feeling. I do appreciate this and I know Jamie will too.
Phillip laughed. Well, Maureen said you couldnt get married without rings.
Should I hold on to them or should you until the ceremonies? Robert asked.
I should hold on to them, I suppose. He took the pouch back and slipped it back into his doublet. I just wanted to let you know about them.
Thank you again. The girls will be pleased. By the way, do you know where Elizabeth is?
Shes outside walking the dogs.
Oh God, those dogs. Robert moaned. What am I going to do with those dogs?
Phillip chuckled sympathetically. You could always accidentally let them loose in the woods.
Elizabeth would have my head for that. Evelyn too, for that matter, and probably Jamie too.
Phillip laughed again. Ah, the burdens of marriage and family. He bemoaned good-naturedly.
Robert snorted. Dogs are not family.
Phillip continued, Well, I wish you the best of luck, Rob. I can see youre not too happy about these arrangements
Well Robert grudgingly capitulated. Tis true twas a shock at first, but Ive come to accept them now, despite what I say about the dogs. Robert answered quietly.
Im glad to hear that. Maureen has been worried about you.
She worries too much. Robert said fondly with a smile.
She loves you Phillip mouth twitched in a wry smile. As a brother.
As a brother. Robert repeated. I love her too.
You know, we were once officially related by our marriages to sisters and then the death of Kathleen ended that. But I still think of you as my brother-in-law and hope that you feel the same way. I know I acted deplorably the other day and I do apologize again. It wont happen again.
Robert knew how hard it had been for Phillip to say those words. He nodded congenially. I accept your apology, Phillip. Thanks.
There was a moment of awkward silence then as Phillip seemed to appear suddenly uncomfortable, but then he got a hold of himself. Well, let me take that tray into the kitchen for you while you go find the minister. Ill tell Maureen the good news, then Ill start to assemble the guests.
Sounds like a good plan to me. Robert said, pleased with the conversation with his brother-in-law. One less thing to worry about, he thought, although he hadnt been that worried about his relationship with Phillip. He just hadnt liked the strain it put on Maureen.
But shell be happy now, just like Evelyn, Elizabeth and Jamie. Jamie will be the happiest of all. His little brother was getting married, not under the best of circumstances, but it was happening and he would help in any way he could to make the day memorable.
He had to admire Jamie. He was certainly determined and Robert hoped that the dogwood tea would help him get through the ceremony before he collapsed again.


Chapter Thirteen: Holy Matrimony; Together Forever

Elizabeth was walking the dogs down the path to the river, enjoying this early morning time to herself. The air was thick with humidity and patches of fog hovered like ghostly clouds in the dips and valleys of the land. It was quite cold despite the bright sun in the clear, blue sky and she took delight in the fact that she could see her breath when she exhaled.
She was dressed in simple clothes this morning, a light blue bodice made out of dimity cloth and a navy, wool skirt over her chemise, drawers and stockings. Her hooded cloak was scarlet red and lined with fox fur, and she treasured it because it had almost been seized along with the rest of her fine clothing, but in the end, it had been the kind sheriff who had conveniently left it behind.
She hadnt felt the need to dress in her one good gown again after hearing Mrs. Jenkins news about Jamie being deathly ill. She assumed that there would be no weddings today and was disappointed, but she also had no fear that the weddings would be cancelled altogether.
The beagles were sniffing along the ground as usual, occasionally letting out little yips as they caught a lingering whiff of some small animal. Elizabeth watched them with pleasure; they brought such joy to the girls. And except for a short time yesterday when Blockhaws had let the dogs loose and they had followed their instincts, Fleurette and Papillon had been behaving themselves surprisingly well. Perhaps they were so glad to be off that horrible ship that they were afraid if they misbehaved in any way, they would be put back as punishment.
Elizabeth laughed to herself at that thought. Intellectually she knew that dogs could not have thoughts like that, but one never knew. No one could explain why she and Evelyn had dreams of the future and she didnt know why the sky was blue either. She only accepted these things as a normal part of her life; the dreams, the blue sky, the green grass, her dogs behaving like dogs, but sometimes behaving like humans also in the way that they could sense sadness, happiness or frustration in her.
Now she was so involved in watching her pets that she didnt notice that for some time everyone had seemed to disappear. It seemed that only moments ago there had been children running around laughing and screaming, small groups of women gossiping and men smoking their long-stemmed pipes over at the paddock. She wondered where everyone had gone and decided to return to the house to find out. And thats when she saw the servant striding towards her.
He was an ordinary looking fellow with indistinct features. Of average height, quite thin, almost scrawny, dull brown hair drawn back in a tail, tired-looking hazel eyes, a perfectly straight nose and thin-lipped mouth. He was wearing course woolen breeches, a canvas shirt under a buff jerkin, dirty, patched hose and old leather shoes. Elizabeth only remembered him vaguely from their brief introduction on her arrival. In fact, she couldnt even remember his name. But when he reached her, she noticed that he stopped and stood at a respectful distance from her and kept his eyes downcast as a proper servant should.
Mistress Tyler. He said formally, inclining his head once in a sort of bow. Forgive me for interrupting, but Mistress Archer has asked me to locate you. She wishes you to come to the house immediately and Im to watch the dogs.
Youre to watch the dogs? She asked, immediately concerned. Why cant I bring them with me?
I know not, Mistress. Im only repeating what she told me.
Oh. She said, looking him over again and deciding whether or not she could trust him. The dogs loved everyone and would happily go with anyone, so she had to be very careful who she allowed to watch them.
He seemed to read her mind. I promise to take good care of them. He said firmly. Then his expression softened as he looked at the dogs. He relaxed and smiled, adding, When I was young, my neighbors had beagles and I was quite fond of them. Theyre wonderful dogs.
Yes, they are. She agreed. Still, she hesitated, not quite trusting him yet.
I promise I wont be like Blockhaws. He added, looking her straight in the eye.
She hid her startled reaction to his words. It was as if he had known what she had been thinking. She stood for a minute, looking into his eyes, seeing kindness and honesty in them. Finally, she decided that she could trust him. All right. Do please take good care of them. She added, handing him the leashes.
I will, Mistress. He inclined his head once.
Thank you.
Youre welcome, Mistress. He bowed his head again.
Minutes later, Elizabeth approached the front door, wondering what could be so urgent. All sorts of thoughts swirled through her mind, the worst of them that Jamie had died and that her sister needed her. But if Evelyn was grieving, Elizabeth would sense that, and she didnt feel any sorrow from Evelyn at the moment.
Just as she was about to step up to the door, Maureen pulled it open. There you are! We didnt know where you were! She exclaimed, grabbing Elizabeths hand and pulling her unceremoniously into the entry hall. Elizabeth almost tripped on the threshold but caught herself with a hand on the doorjamb.
Evelyn was standing in the hallway too, all pretty in her yellow bodice and bronzy skirt, an embroidered cobweb linen collar around her neck and a lace veil covering her head and flowing down past her shoulders. Her face was all aglow, her cheeks pink with excitement, her smile full of joy.
All Elizabeth could do was stare. She stared at Maureen, who she noticed was looking as lovely as ever; and she stared at Evelyn, wondering what was going on. But seeing the veil did that mean? She opened her mouth to ask the obvious question, but Maureen continued to talk excitedly. Let me take your cloak and then I have a veil for you too.
Were getting married right now! Evelyn said in an exhilarated whisper.
Right now? Elizabeth asked. She had not expected this. As she had passed people during her walk and exchanged greetings with them, no one had given her any indication that the weddings would be held this morning. The talk had been about Jamie and his relapse and how awful the disease was.
Evelyn nodded her head vigorously.
But Elizabeth started to protest. Her feet were still wet and cold and the hem of her skirt soaked through. She wasnt properly dressed or prepared.
Yes, right now. Maureen answered, directly in front of Elizabeth. She had hung up Elizabeths cloak and had returned with the veil. First she smoothed Elizabeths hair, then with great care she draped the lace over Elizabeths head and secured it with a silver bodkin.
Elizabeth fingered the beautiful needlepoint lace, then looked down at her ordinary clothes and suddenly felt sad. She had always daydreamed that on her wedding day she would wear a new gown in ivory silk damask with Valenciennes lace at the sleeves and collar. And she had always imagined herself wearing the traditional blue ribbons and garters, loosened ahead of time, of course, so the young men could snatch them without difficulty. But there would be no new gown or blue ribbons or even the dreaded public bedding, (she didnt think there would be) or even sadder still, there would be no ceremony in St Mary Le Bow, the local church, with all their family and friends in attendance and she unexpectedly felt such an overwhelming pang of loss that she nearly burst into tears. Their father should be here; they didnt remember their mother, but their governess should be here too, their poor, loving governess who had acted as their mother for the past fourteen years; and their neighbors, the Davis from next door and the Walmsleys from across the street. Their friends, Alice and Mary from their music lessons, should be here and Sister Maria and Sister Theresa from the church orphanage, to name only a few. Of course she knew they couldnt be here, but she had always thought that her wedding day would be shared with her immediate family and friends, not with strangers that she had met only yesterday.
She felt so lonely for someone from her past that she couldnt stop the tears from rolling down her cheeks and in an instant, Maureen started fussing and making sympathetic noises. But Elizabeth didnt even hear her; her gaze was locked with Evelyns who understood her completely. Evelyn reached for Elizabeths hand, gave it a squeeze and said, Do not be sad, Bess. Maman and Papa are watching us from heaven, and Louise as well. They would be happy for us. We should be happy too.
Elizabeth nodded, managing a wobbly smile.
I love you, Bess. Evelyn whispered, embracing her sister. Remember, well always have each other.
I love you, too, Evie. Elizabeth whispered back. She then took a shuddering breath, stepped back and accepted the handkerchief that Maureen held out to her. She wiped her eyes and cheeks dry, not wanting to meet her groom with swollen red eyes, a blotchy face and a runny nose.
Are you ready now? Maureen asked, kindness in her voice.
Evelyn exchanged a look with Elizabeth, then nodded and said, Were ready.
Maureen kissed each girl on the cheek once before walking into the keeping room where all the guests had been gathered for the ceremonies. The girls followed a few steps behind, holding hands and composed once again.
The first thing that Elizabeth noticed was all the people standing along the back wall, facing the fireplace where Robert, Jamie and the minister were waiting. The majority of them looked weary and haggard, either from lack of sleep or from too much drinking the night before. She understood their condition; one couldnt get too much rest when one had to share a bed with four or more people or when one had to sleep in a hayloft. But they had gladly stayed overnight and one more day to see the weddings of two of their most favorite citizens because they didnt know when they could afford to take time away from their plantations again. She also noticed the children, grouped together in the corner of the room. They were all seated on the floor, bribed to keep quiet with suckets and marchpane. Even Robin was content to sit alongside his cousins, savoring the sweet treats.
Surprisingly, the next thing Elizabeth noticed was Jamie, not Robert, although she did glance at him, but Jamie was the one who held her attention. She was shocked at his appearance. She hadnt seen him this morning like Evelyn had; she had only been told of his illness. She stole a glance at Evelyn to see if Evelyn was as shocked as herself, but Evelyn only gave her a reassuring smile, squeezed her hand and whispered, Hell be all right.
Elizabeth was skeptical but kept quiet. Jamie was sitting, rather than standing, propped up on the one settee with cushions and bolsters. To her eyes he looked woefully sick. His face was flushed a rosy red and his eyes were glassy with fever. His whole body was limp with fatigue and he looked like he could barely hold his head up. He was dressed once again in his sage green camlet breeches and doublet. The doublet was in decent shape, but there were grass and mud stains on his breeches that no amount of brushing could eliminate. And his hair had been pulled back and tied with a green ribbon so that one could clearly see that his handsome face still had some of the boyish roundness that would one day slim down with age.
What are we doing keeping him from his sick bed? Elizabeth wondered. Why couldnt this have waited until he was better? She didnt understand the rush, unlessshe had a sudden awful thought. Jamie was going to die! But Evelyn didnt seem worried; she had even said that he would be all right. Elizabeth could only hope to get the answer later.
Finally she met Roberts gaze. He had been watching her from the moment she had entered the room. He smiled and there seemed to be a twinkle in his eye; Elizabeth could only guess at what he was thinking. She returned the smile, blushing slightly, lowering her eyes demurely. Well, she could guess what he was thinking about and it delighted her. She wasnt the only one who remembered that kiss last night.
He appeared relaxed and more than willing to go through with the marriage. There was no more resistance in him; in fact, there was an anticipatory energy to him that sent a shiver through Elizabeths body. It pleased her that there was now a mutual acceptance between them, a mutual attraction and the start of a comfortable relationship.
He was dressed in his buff breeches from yesterday along with a borrowed doublet that pulled at his shoulders and the sleeves were too short, but Elizabeth hardly noticed his clothes. Even if he were wearing rags, she would think him the most handsome man in the room.
Evelyn had joyfully moved to Jamies side. She looked as fresh and lovely as a buttercup in her bright yellow bodice. And she was beaming. Her smile was contagious and every guest smiled along with her. Even Jamie seemed to perk up at the sight of his betrothed.
Elizabeth was so glad for her sister, and relieved. It was wonderful how things had worked out with Evelyn falling in love with Jamie so quickly. Elizabeth would have felt terrible if Evelyn hadnt been attracted to Jamie because there was no denying the dream. Elizabeth was destined to marry Robert and if Evelyn hadnt liked Jamie, that would have made life miserable for both the girls.
Elizabeth went to stand beside Robert. He smiled down at her. You look beautiful. He said in a low, tender voice. He smoothed her hair at her temple and barely touched the veil with his fingertips as if it were too precious for his rough hands.
Thank you. She whispered back, blushing becomingly.
Thomas Harrison once again opened his Book of Common Prayer, this time to the section marked The Form of Solemnization of matrimony. It had been decided ahead of time that Evelyn and Jamie would be married first so that Jamie could be put back to bed.
Harrison cleared his throat and everyone quieted. Much to everyones surprise Jamie stood up with the help of his brother-in-law, Phillip, and he and Evelyn held hands as they faced the minister.
Dearly Beloved He began the familiar service, facing the two young, eager people. We are gathered together here in the sight of God, and in the face of this company, to join together this man and this woman in Holy Matrimony
Elizabeth and Robert also faced the minister, but their turn would come after Evelyn and Jamie exchanged their vows. Elizabeth leaned back against Robert, feeling safe and secure in the circle of his arms. Perhaps it wasnt the most appropriate behavior, being so casual and familiar with him, but she didnt care. She glanced back at his face and saw that he was smiling affectionately at Jamie, almost grinning at him, as he watched his little brother get married.
Evelyn and Jamie said their I wills, then Phillip spoke up when the minister asked, Who giveth this Woman to be married to this Man? Elizabeth was surprised by this; she hadnt realized that Phillip had inherited their guardianship along with the rest of Francis Tylers estate. She shuddered to think what would have become of her sister and herself if Tyler hadnt put it in his will that Robert and Jamie marry them.
Jamie recited his vows in a soft voice, but his words were heartfelt and clearly spoken. He gazed at Evelyn with true love in his eyes and Elizabeth felt fresh tears spring to her eyes, but this time from happiness. She could sense her sisters love for this young man and indeed that love was evident when Evelyn recited her vows with a voice choked by emotion.
Jamie had been holding up fairly well to this point, but all of a sudden he swayed alarmingly and nearly collapsed. If Phillip had not been there to steady him, he might have crumbled to the floor. Evelyn let out a little gasp of distress and tightened her grasp on his hands. Robert reacted instantly, taking Jamies other arm and together, he and Phillip helped Jamie back to the settee. Evelyn went down to her knees in front of him, clasping his hands again in his lap.
Ill be all right. Im just tired. He said to Evelyn, touching her face tenderly. Sit beside me for the rest.
She nodded, rising and then settling herself beside him, a worried look on her face.
By some miracle when the minister asked for the ring, Phillip produced a thin gold band and gave it to Harrison. Harrison then handed it to Jamie who recited the words, With this ring I thee wed and with my body I thee worship. He slipped it on Evelyns ring finger and she gazed at it while the minister asked for the Lords blessing of the ring, the giver of the ring and the receiver and that they many abide in peace until their lifes end. He then declared them Man and Wife, and Jamie and Evelyn were married, just like that.
Elizabeth let out a big sigh. It was her turn now and her heartbeat sped up as Robert returned to her side. Ready? He said, grinning at her.
She nodded and the two of them stood facing each other, holding each others hands. As the minister started the ceremony again and she exchanged vows with this wonderful man, she felt like she had truly been blessed by God. She felt bathed in His love, His favor and His warmth. She and her sister had suffered several tragedies to get to this point, but in the end, God had known best and had chosen good men for them.
Happy and content, she hoped that Robert was too. She knew that at first he had not been pleased about this marriage. He had not chosen this union; he had not chosen her; she knew he still missed his first wife. And he would not accept the idea that God had chosen them for each other for his beliefs in God and the Anglican Church were not as strong as hers were. But he was being the perfect gentleman; he was providing her with a home; he was providing for her and accepting her into his family. He was trusting that she would make a good mother for his son. And he was even accepting her sister and understood the needs of the twins to remain close.
She vowed to be a good wife to him; she vowed to serve him always without any complaints. And she vowed to be the perfect mother to his children. Indeed, she never wanted to give him any reason to complain, and she wanted him to always be glad that he had married her.
But in the end, Elizabeth thought that perhaps Robert was already glad that he was marrying her because when he slipped the plain gold band on her finger with the words, With this ring I thee wed and with my body I thee worship., he winked at her in an exaggerated manner, getting a rise out of the guests and making her blush. And after they were declared Man and Wife, he grabbed her and kissed her right in front of everyone. Evelyn and Jamie had not even kissed!
Everyone laughed and cheered. Robin ran to them and wrapped his arms around their legs. He jumped up and down, begging to be picked up, his patience at an end. His hands and face were sticky from the sweets but Robert picked him up anyway, and hugged him until he wiggled and squirmed like an excited puppy, and then the new family turned together to receive their congratulations.
But right before Elizabeth faced the guests, she and Evelyn exchanged a triumphant look, a look that said, We did it; well be together for always; well never have to worry about being separated ever again.


Chapter Fourteen: Frustrations

 A storm is brewing out there. Tis approaching from the west. George Menefie announced after being outside, smoking with a few of the other men.
Those words effectively broke up the party, everyone anxious to leave and to get home before it started raining. Several had already left immediately after the ceremony, their responsibilities weighing heavily on their minds.
Now Robert and Elizabeth were saying their farewells to the remaining stragglers. These people were the ones who lived the closest and could afford the time to raise a second glass, or a third, or a fourth, in salute to the newlyweds. But Robert was impatient to leave; he wanted to go home and bring his new wife with him. He wanted to be alone with her and in his own bed. He couldnt stop stealing glances at her; she was so sweet and delicious looking. He couldnt stop remembering the embroidery on her gown and imagined his own tongue in the place of that lucky snakes. Several times he had turned to her, whispering in her ear, We should go. But then someone else would come up to them to offer their congratulations and poor, frustrated Robert had felt obliged to spend a few more minutes with them exchanging pleasantries.
When Maureen received word that Robert wanted to leave, she went right up to him and told him he was being ridiculous. There was a whole house here where the two couples could spend another night. She argued that they had no pressing business back at their plantation and that Mrs. Chilcott could take care of herself. She even lectured him about Jamie, telling him that Jamie should be in bed and not out traveling in a storm. But Jamie wanted to go home too and both brothers were being quite stubborn about it. In the end, Maureen just walked away, throwing her hands up into the air and muttering, Men! under her breath.
Then, just when Robert thought everyone was gone and he pulled his new wife into his arms and was about to kiss her, Sparshott showed up out of nowhere as if he had been lurking outside in the hallway. His wife, Maudlin, was with him, a woman of equal years with a kind, serene face. Sparshott looked well-groomed this morning, quite different from yesterday.
Roberts whole body tensed and he slowly released Elizabeth as Sparshott sauntered into the room, a pleasant look on his face. He was acting like the perfect gentleman, polite, smiling, friendly, but Robert knew better. He wanted to turn his back on him and walk away, but he knew he couldnt be rude to Mrs. Sparshott and he didnt want to upset Elizabeth.
Sparshott nodded to Robert first, but approached Elizabeth, took her hand and placed a lingering kiss on the back of it. He was goading Robert and just when Robert made a small move as if to grab him, he released Elizabeths hand. Robert was fuming; he knew that Sparshott was silently laughing at him and he wouldnt like anything better than to smash his fist right into Sparshotts face, but all he could do was stand there with clenched fists at his sides while Sparshott expressed his best wishes to Elizabeth.
Elizabeth was just as polite in return and Robert couldnt blame her. She didnt know what had happened between Sparshott and himself, although he noticed a tightness to her smile as if she sensed the animosity between the two men. Robert dreaded having to tell her about the duel; she would probably go into hysterics. And she would have every right to. What a damned hot-headed fool he had been!
Remember, Ill see you next court day. Sparshott said in a low voice, breaking into Roberts thought. His expression had turned hard with contempt. With your sword. He added, waiting until the two women were talking to remind Robert of their agreement.
I said I would be there. Robert hissed back, looking the man straight in the eye. Oh, how he wanted to spit in that eye right now.
So you did. So you did, sir. Sparshott responded louder the second time, clapping Robert on the shoulder as if they were old buddies. This startled Robert until he realized that the women had stopped talking and were watching them. Continuing in his politest voice, Sparshott said, I look forward to our next meeting, Bassett. Twas a pleasure meeting you, my dear. Our best to both of you. And the Sparshotts left.
Whoreson, Robert thought to himself after they were gone. Now Elizabeth and I can finally leave.
Now, where were we? Robert turned to Elizabeth again, but Francis Yeardley suddenly appeared, an amused grin on his face.
Robert let out a frustrated sigh and gave Elizabeth a rueful look. She smiled sweetly at him and kissed his cheek. Be nice. She whispered.
He faced Yeardley. What has you grinning like a loon? He grumbled.
Robert Elizabeth chided him, but Yeardley only laughed. He ignored Robert and took Elizabeths hand.
Pardon me, Mistress. He said, bowing gallantly. May I borrow your husband for a few minutes?
And so it was that Robert was separated from his wife and prevented from leaving again.
Robert watched Elizabeth leave the room, his eyes full of regret that he wasnt going with her. For those few moments he forgot that Yeardley was standing right there beside him. He watched Elizabeths skirts sway as she walked away, along with her long hair flowing down her back. He had a sudden, sharp image of her naked, little bottom pressed up against him as he took her from behind, her fabulously long hair reaching almost to the spot where their bodies were joined. And then, that quick, she was out of view, and Yeardley laughed again at the look of longing on Roberts face. He clapped Robert on the back, saying, Sorry, man, I know this is a bad time.
Robert shook his head and slowly turned around. I didnt think Id want her so much. He said.
Shes a pretty thing.
Yes, she is. He said softly, surprised at himself. He hadnt expected to feel such passion for her so soon.
Yeardley went on, Ive been meaning to talk to you and Jamie about a business matter. Id appreciate a few moments of your time.
Jamie is upstairs. Hopefully hell be awake. Robert said, coming out of his reverie. Come on. And he led Yeardley out of the room.
He looked pretty bad during the ceremony, Rob. I would hate to even think this, but
Robert cut him off. Hell recover. He always does. He said firmly.
They made their way up the stairs in silence after that.
Jamie wasnt asleep; in fact they caught him sitting on the edge of the trundle bed, pulling on one of his boots. Evelyn was nowhere around and what Robert knew of his brother, Jamie had probably sent her away with the promise that hed take a nap.
Robert nearly had a fit. What the bloody hell are you doing?
Im going to see my horses. Jamie declared. I also need to speak to Walter.
How are you going to do that? Jamie still looked flushed; it was obvious to Robert that his fever still hadnt broken. You can barely walk!
Im feeling better. Jamie lied. And now that youre here, you can help me. He pulled on the second boot, struggling a little, then looked imploringly at his brother. Please, Rob?
Of course Robert couldnt say no. He didnt think it was wise to take Jamie to the stables, but he couldnt refuse him either. Jamie was a married man now, a man with his own mind and he could make his own decisions. If he wanted to see his horses while his body was weakened by a soaring fever, who was Robert to argue with him? Only his brother, but Jamie wouldnt want to hear it.
Robert asked Yeardley if he minded going along to the stables and when he said no, the two men supported Jamie as they went outside. The horses, however, were not in the stables, but in the paddock and they headed that way.
Robert studied the sky; the storm clouds were still off in the distance but moving closer and looking darker and angrier by the minute. The wind was picking up and dry, brown leaves swirled and skittered by. They could hear the wind whooshing through the tops of the trees and then Robert had to grab his hair when a sudden gust of wind tugged it loose from its tie.
The horses had been picking at a pile of hay but quickly trotted over to see Jamie. He rubbed their noses, their cheeks and then their forelocks. He spoke baby talk to them while they stood quietly, shaking their heads once or twice, waiting for a treat maybe. I envy you two. Yeardley said, watching Jamie interact with the big stallion.
Surely you and Argoll can afford to buy a couple of horses. Robert commented.
Not as fine as these. How ever did you manage?
Robert hesitated a moment. Should he tell him the truth? Oh, what the hell! What was the point in keeping secrets any longer? Our brother breeds these horses back in Cornwall.
Mmm, your brother? And who is this mysterious brother of yours whom youve never mentioned before?
Wesley Bassett, the third Earl of Pennington. Robert mumbled, slurring the words together, hoping Yeardley wouldnt understand him.
Did you say the Earl of Pennington? Yeardley laughed. What other family secrets are you hiding?
Hes our half-brother; and your family is not so shabby either. Your father was knighted by the King himself, so do not get all wide-eyed with me.
Yeardley chuckled. He bowed mockingly and said, Yes, my lord.
Robert punched him in the arm. Shut up; or rather just tell me of this business matter.
As you wish, sir. Yeardley put his hands up as if in surrender. A Dutch ship arrived from Barbados a few days ago, captained by Andries Visser, and hes selling African Negroes. They cost between 18 and 30 pounds sterling depending on their quality. Theyre slaves, Robert, lifelong servants if you prefer, but once you own them, you can do what you want with them.
Robert thought this over for a moment. He was familiar with the concept of slavery; Captain Mathews had several African servants bound to him for their lifetimes on his plantation and he knew of a few others. But Robert had never considered it; the Africans cost more than Englishmen and afraid that they might die within months of arriving as many other English servants did, it wasnt practical to waste his money on them. But he could see the advantage of having lifelong servants if they survived their seasoning; they wouldnt need to be replaced every five or so years and he wouldnt have to give them any land or freedom dues.
I thank you for the information, Francis, but Jamie and I will have to discuss the matter between us before making any decision. Robert said, looking back at his brother. Jamie had been listening and nodded in agreement.
I understand completely. Can I at least tell Andries to come by your place and you can look over the merchandise for yourself?
Robert nodded. All right. How long is he going to be in the area?
At least a month, he estimates, but all the best ones might be sold within days.
Have him come in a fortnight and well have a look. But I cant promise anything. Robert said. For the moment he was quite pleased with the two servants that he and Jamie had just inherited and with the boy that they had just acquired.
I understand. Thank you, Rob. Yeardley clasped hands with Robert. Andries always carries the best merchandise. Youll be quite impressed, Im sure.
We shall see. Robert said noncommittally.
Yeardley cleared his throat. Well, I better go He looked up at the sky. You two have much to do. He walked over to Jamie, clasped his hand and said, Be well, Jamie; and congratulations to both of you. God be with you.
And with you. Jamie said. Robert didnt say anything, but raised his hand in farewell.
After Yeardley left, Robert moved to stand beside Jamie. He put his arm around Jamies waist in, he hoped, a casual manner. If Jamie started to fall, he wanted to be prepared to catch him. He knew Jamie might shake him off and he was prepared for that too, but Jamie remained still, much to Roberts pleasure. What do you think? He asked, looking straight ahead at the horses.
As Jamie answered, he also continued to look straight ahead. I think I cant afford another servant. I have to think about providing for Evelyn and two more horses.
But keeping one for its entire lifetimeit could have its advantages. Robert mused.
It could. Jamie finally looked at his brother. Are you seriously considering buying one?
Possibly. With all the land that weve just inherited, just think how many more acres of tobacco we could plant.
You, maybe, but like I said, I have to think about providing for Evelyn and the horses. Ive got to build a house and expand the stables and clear land for hay and grass
Robert started to laugh. He cut Jamie off. Theres time for all that! The girls wont mind living in the same house, I believe. And Ill help you, Jamie. We do things together, remember?
Jamie grinned suddenly. Not everything, Rob. I would prefer to bed my wife alone.
Robert laughed. You wont get any arguments from me. I would prefer to bed my wife alone too. Do you believe that the both of us are actually married?
Jamie couldnt help but smile. You said yesterday that I would meet my lady and you were right. I have met my lady and it seems that you have too.
Robert shook his head in disbelief. And I was so very angry at father. I was such a stupid fool.
Robert felt Jamies body jerk a little in a silent laugh. But then his body started to sag and Robert caught him as he had planned. Lets get you back to bed.
A few more minutes, Rob. Give me a few more minutes. And then his voice changed and he was angry as hell. His hand gripped the rail so tight his knuckles turned white. God, I hate this! I hate this disease. I so wanted it to be gone; I prayed for it to be gone
I know, Jamie. Robert said sympathetically.
If I were going to my marriage bed, Id welcome you carrying me there, but not to my sick bed. Not to my sick bed! He said passionately.
Youll be fine tomorrow. You know you will.
And then it will start all over again. I could die; I could die at any time! Jamie cried.
We could all die at any time. Robert said, trying to comfort him.
You know what I mean. Jamie grumbled. Obviously he was not comforted by that statement.
I know, but you are not going to die tomorrow or the next day or even next year. We are going to have long, happy lives with Elizabeth and Evelyn.
God, I hope youre right.
I am. Robert said confidently. Didnt Jamie know about the twins abilities? But then he remembered that Evelyn hadnt had the dream about her future. Only Elizabeth had. Maybe he should keep quiet for now until he could find out if Jamie knew. To change to a happier subject he said, Tell me about Evelyns gown.
What? Jamie looked at Robert as if he were crazy.
You know. The one she wore yesterday. I know she had some embroidery on her gown underneath that monstrous collar.
Jamie laughed at that. He suddenly felt better thinking about that embroidery. Cherries, sweet, ripe cherries. He murmured. Gods blood, they were right there, right over her nipples. At first I wondered if that had been an accident, that the embroidery just happened to be there in that place, but nowI think it was deliberate.
Robert smiled, nodding knowingly. Twas deliberate. Elizabeth had the Garden of Eden on hers, only she calls it the garden of delights. The snakes tongue was aiming right for her nipple.
No! You jest! Jamie gaped at Robert. A snake in the garden of delights? He repeated.
Robert nodded, grinning.
Gods blood, were lucky bastards. Jamie said.
Robert just chuckled.
Take me in now, Rob. I think Im about to pass out. Maybe Ill dream of cherries, sweet, juicy, big cherries.
You are a bastard, little brother. Robert teased him, giving him a squeeze around the waist.
And then he took him into the house
Continued to Part II


 
Authors note:
Thank you for selecting Part 1 of Riverbreeze. Part 2 continues the saga of the Bassett brothers and their wives as they return to Riverbreeze and begin their married lives. All is not well at the Bassett home though. A pair of misfortunes set the stage for this action-packed sequel. Robert must also face the consequences of his reckless behavior in Part 1. And Elizabeth and Evelyn discover a strange phenomenon about themselves that threatens to destroy their young relationships with their husbands. And finally, Robert makes the one dreaded mistake that almost drives a wedge between the two brothers.
I hope you enjoyed reading Part 1 of my novel as much as I enjoyed writing it. I fell in love with the Jamestown and Colonial Williamsburg area of Virginia when my husband was stationed at Langley Air Force Base and we lived in Hampton, VA. Before that we lived in England for four years and thats when history came alive for me.
This is my first novel and I currently live in Roanoke, VA with my husband. We have one daughter.


