


The Dangerous Adventures of Jeep Muldoon!

By

Matt Musson

SMASHWORDS EDITION

* * * * *

PUBLISHED BY:

Matt Musson on Smashwords

The Dangerous Adventures of Jeep Muldoon!

The Boy Who Finds Things reveals his most dangerous adventures ever.  But, will they be too dangerous to handle? 

Copyright  2009, 2011, 2012 by Matt Musson

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

                                          * * * * * * * * * *
Table of Contents

Forward  by Jeep Muldoon
The Secret of the Civil War Gold!
The Adventure of the Rocket Bike!
Santa Clause Comes to Granite Falls
 We Capture the Wampus Cat!
Rescue at Pickle Curve

About the Author

FORWARD By Jeep Muldoon:
First of all, if you know my Mom, please do not tell her about this book.  Especially do not tell her the title of this book.  I swear that if Mom knew I was having Dangerous Adventures, she would give birth to live kittens!

And, if your Mom knows my Mom, do not tell your Mom about this book either, because you know how Moms talk.  
And, if you know my little sister Jenny, do not tell her about this book under any circumstances!  Lets face it, shes a little sister.  She would rather tell on me than breath.  And, then I would probably get grounded for life and never have another adventure ever.

Of course, feel free to talk to Grandpa Gus about these adventures.  And, you can discuss it with anyone in the Ranger club.  They were part of there. If I get in trouble, they get in trouble too.  

So, just as a rule of thumb, think twice when you talk about this book with anyone who has already graduated from High School, and things should be just fine. However, if you do tell anyone else about this book, maybe you should just give me one of those fake names so no one knows it is really me.  Call me Terrance Hackensack or maybe Tumbler Barstow.  In fact, call me whatever you like.  Just do not call me Jeep Muldoon!

And of course, I need to warn you about how you should not ever, ever, ever try these dangerous adventures for yourself.  So, here goes.  Do not try this at home.  Do not fire a Civil War cannon.  Do not build and pilot your own rocket bike.  Do not fly cluster balloons into the stratosphere.  And do not ever under any circumstances ever face down the legendary Wampus Cat!

Still, if you do choose to ignore my advice and have dangerous adventures of your very own, here is one last piece of advice: Do not tell your Mother about your adventures either!


The Secret of the Civil War Gold
Every year on the third weekend in October, Civil War re-enactors come from all over the state to stage a mock battle in Granite Falls that professional historians have described as the least decisive confrontation of 1863.  However, both the North and the South claimed victory in the battle for our little town, so both re-enacting sides get to win at Granite Falls.  Plus, it is always one of the most beautiful fall weekends of the year and it is a great time to be outside re-fighting the War of Northern Aggression.   So, with booming cannons and rifles thundering, and with bugles sounding charges for horse mounted cavalry, you can bet that every member of the Granite Falls Rangers spends that October weekend in the thick of battle.  
The middle schoolers of Granite Falls look at the annual re-enactment as a great opportunity to play soldier with hundreds of big kids.   What makes it even better is that anybody participating gets out of school on Friday.  So, not only do we get to play soldier all day in our blue and grey uniforms, we get out of our Math and English classes to do it!
If you have never heard of the Battle of Granite Falls (and there is really no reason that you would have) it was a two day engagement that began on Saturday October 17, 1863. 
The engagement began when Union forces under Col. Robert Wheeler intercepted Confederate forces under Col. Hampton Wade at the bridge over Deep Gap Creek. Outnumbered, the Yankee soldiers set fire to the bridge and returned to Granite Falls for artillery support.  
Meanwhile, the Confederate cavalry made a surprise crossing five miles west and captured an unrelated Union Army Supply Train,  carrying the sum total of all the Medicinal Alcohol ordered by Union quartermasters for the winter of 1863.
As night fell, Col. Wheelers Yankee artillery launched an extended bombardment, pounding what they believed was the Confederate position.  However, the rebels had pulled back out of range and spent the evening destroying the captured union alcohol, one stiff drink at a time.
When dawn broke on Sunday morning, Wheeler observed bodies covering the Confederate camp ground like leaves following an October windstorm.  The elated Union Forces returned to Granite Falls to stage a tremendous victory celebration and parade. 
As the day wore on, the Confederate soldiers gradually sobered up and returned to life. Colonel Wade, sporting a terrible hangover, ordered his troops to form up and march southward (as quietly as possible).
Ultimately, no one was killed in the Battle of Granite Falls.  And, both sides celebrated wildly, returning home as victors.  So, every year re-enactors return to Granite Falls to reenact this indecisive but enjoyable Civil War engagement.

**********

The Rangers always compete on the same team  even in war. We feel that since we are all members of the same club it would not be right for us to fight against each other.  So every year we alternate between wearing the blue and the gray.   Last year we all served with the Confederacy and this year we were all fighting to preserve the Union.  As re-enactors, we show no favoritism to either cause.  But, as Rangers, we are always loyal to each other.
On Thursday afternoon before the start of the big three day Battle weekend, we requested our assignments for the upcoming engagement and most of us got what we applied for.  Bogdon was chosen as a surgeons assistant, using authentic Civil War techniques to treat the sprains and cuts in this non lethal re-enaction.  Thor was an ammunition bearer, running up and down the lines of riflemen handing out shot and powder.  Shad and Freddie, who have a year and half of middle school band, were chosen to serve in the drum and bugle corp.  And, since Charlies Father and Grandfather were serving as Confederate cavalry they brought an extra horse for Charlie, who was portraying a Union horseback messenger.  Unfortunately, Toby and I were assigned to serve as crew members for the Union artillery forces. 
I guess most people would think that playing with the cannons would be a great job for two middle school boys.  But the truth is if you are kid in the artillery, you dont get to do anything fun.  You dont get to load the cannon.  You dont get to aim the cannon.  And, you certainly dont get shoot the cannon!  The commander of the reenactment artillery is Major Oliver Tolley is so afraid one of us kids is going to get hurt, that we are forced to take our position 10 paces rear, whenever the cannon are fired.
You may know Major Tolley better as Ollie Tolley of Tolleys Tree Service.  But, the thing you probably did not know is that Ollie Tolley gets to be the artillery Major simply because he owns that tree service.  Or, more specifically, Ollie Tolley owns a really nice hydraulic crane on the back of a truck that he uses in his tree service.  When you are working with the civil war cannon it sure is nice to have a crane to lift the cannon on and off of the trailers and to occasionally lift the cannon barrels from the gun carriages if you need to repair something.  So, because Mr. Tolley owns a crane he gets to be the Major.  And, at 10 paces rear, we kids get to be spectators in itchy blue wool coats.
Anyway, it was lunchtime on Friday and we had been practicing our battle maneuvers all morning.  It was a beautiful Indian summer day and much too warm to be wearing wool.  We were hot and hungry, so the whole club settled into a nice shady spot on a stacked stone wall under a thick set of longleaf pines.  And after all that marching and maneuvering, we were ready to eat the leather souls right off our civil war shoes.  But, luckily something much better was coming down the path.  A mule cart / mobile field kitchen was approaching our position, bringing a lunch that prepared by the ladies auxiliary of the First Apple Church of Granite Falls.
Actually the First Apple is short for the First Apostolic Church of the Chosen and Redeemed.  The Apple is the oldest and most respected Black church in the entire County.  And, as long as I can remember, Miss Hattie May had been the President of the Ladies Auxiliary of the First Apple, a group of women that cooks food so good that is probably the real reason why re-enactors come back to Granite Falls year after year.
Whats for Lunch, Miss Hattie? Charlie called out to the approaching wagon.
Miss Hattie was driving the team wearing a dark blue period dress with a red and white gingham shawl.  She is a slender lady with large hands and nimble fingers.  I have no idea how old she is.  She has not seemed to age as long as I have known her.  She has the same short grey hair, the same wrinkled brow and that same overwhelming friendly smile.   She called out to us as she pulled back on the reigns, halting the team.
Woo wee, you boys are lucky today.  We have pan-fried chicken and biscuits.  Theres country ham and green beans.  Of course, we have sweet potato pie and pecan cookies.  Plus, theres fruit for quick energy and plenty of fresh sweet tea and ice cold lemonade to wash it down.
We hurried over to the wagon and it sure didnt take us long to load up our splatter ware tin plates with enough hearty rations to fill up even a growing boys hollow leg. 
You children are going to blow away if you dont eat no more than that, Miss Hattie observed.  And then she threw an extra biscuit or chicken leg on top of every plate she could reach.   
We presented Miss Hattie with our prepaid meal tickets and the mule cart ladies got back on their wagon to move over to the next hungry group.
I declare Miss Hattie; your food gets better every year, Charlie called out as he dug into a chicken leg. 
Well, Mr. Charlie, the sweet old woman replied, The Apple folks have been havin some hard times this last year. There are folks out of work or took sick with one thing or another.  But, praise God above, we can still cook and we are trustin in the Lords plan.  So, you boys enjoy your lunch.  We have plenty more souls to feed.
I sat on that shaded stone wall devouring a drumstick that tasted like it had just been sent down from heaven and I watched the Apple ladies roll off in their creaky old wagon.  And,   I understood why so many men and boys had volunteered to wear the Union blue 150 years earlier.
*************
It did not take us long to work our way through the meal  at least to the point where we were ready for some fun with our food.  Shad finished crunching his way through a nice sized red delicious apple.  And, now he cocked his arm back ready to launch what was left.
Baltimore, said Shad.
Apple core, cackled Freddie.
Whos your friend? Shad questioned.
Freddie looked around for a minute, then pointed out a victim, Charlie!
With his target identified, Shad launched the apple core as hard as he could.  The missile connected with Charlie right above the blue wool shirt pocket and apple shrapnel exploded all over his uniform.  
Charlie lurched, managing to keep a firm grip on his lunch plate but as he jumped backwards, he collided with a full cup of lemonade, and the cold sweet liquid poured out of the container and down into the open top of his leather dispatch case.
You Spazz! shouted an annoyed Charlie Sinclair, as he scrambled to put down his lunch plate and right the overturned cup.   You guys are so gay!
Now, normally Charlie would have retaliated with a frog to the arm or one of his patented Indian burns.  But, in this situation was too busy trying to save his Civil War paperwork.  
Theres some important stuff in here, he explained as he picked up the dispatch case and turned it upside down, attempting to shake out the pink lemonade that had flooded the case.  Mr. Burns gave me a genuine original Civil War dispatch to carry so I could be more authentic.  And you weenies got it all wet.   Mr. Burns is gonna have a cow!
Realizing that maybe our fun had gotten out of hand, we all jumped down to help Charlie salvage his papers.  As he slid them out of the case piece by piece and we separated them and laid them out on the stone wall to dry.  We weighted them down with a couple of pebbles to keep them from blowing away. 
Was it Ottway or Hamish that gave you these papers? I asked.
It was Ottway, Charlie replied, arranging the case upside down on the wall so the last of the lemonade could tickle out.  Ottway is leading the Union this year.  Hamish is commanding the Rebels.
The brothers Otway and Hamish Burns are generally recognized as experts in the 1863 Battle of Granite Falls.  But, instead of their love for the engagement bringing them together, these annual reenactments have driven the brothers apart for as long as anyone can remember.    You see, the Burns brothers suffer from the worst kind of sibling rivalry and will not under any circumstances take orders from each other.  So, each year one Burns commands the Confederate re-enactors while the Union forces are lead by the other Burns.  Reenacting divides the Burns family in much the same way that the original War set brother against brother.    And, of course both brothers are constantly attempting to outshine each other when it comes to historical authenticity and realism.   It was not surprising that one of them provided Charlie with actual Civil War documents to carry.  
Hey Charlie, what is this? Bogdon asked as he attempted to dry one of the dispatch papers with a napkin.  Theres something written on the back of this dispatch.
Bog held up the paper, and sure enough there was an odd message inscribed on the back of the document.  Where the lemonade soaked through the document, the writing was visible.  But, it seemed to disappear when it reached a patch where the paper was still dry.
I think this is invisible ink, Bog observed holding the document up in the air and studying how the suns rays shown through the antique paper.  The acid in the lemon juice is making it appear.
Well gosh, said Toby.  Splash the rest of the document down with lemonade and lets see what it says.  Maybe its important.
As you could imagine, Charlie was dead set against us deliberately rewetting the dispatch with more lemonade.  But, a couple of us held him down and Shad sat on his back, while Bogdon removed a piece of cotton bandage from his medical pack and dipped it in some of the pink liquid.  Slowly Bogdon wiped the rest of the paper down with the drink and he read the results aloud to the gathering.
To the Honorable A. R. Lawton, Quartermaster-General of the Confederate States of America.  
Dear Sir,
I have attempted without success to slip through the Yankee lines and deliver the remaining gold from the Charlotte Mint to blockade runners in Albemarle Sound.  However, with two broken wagon wheels and the enemy close at our heels, we have been forced to hide the gold in the First Baptist Church of Granite Falls.  Our hope is to return and retrieve the treasure at some future point.  In the meantime, we will march north to rendezvous with General Picketts Division and join him in the upcoming attack into Pennsylvania.
As always,
Your Humble Servant
Major Ashley Booth, CSA
May 22nd, 1863. 

Even as Bogdon repeated the message, the sun and a gentle breeze were drying out the dispatch.  Within seconds the ink disappeared again, leaving only a blank paper and an astonished look on our faces. We stared into each others blank expressions for a second, before there was an outburst.
Gold! Freddie yelped, hopping down from his perch on the old stone wall. Confederate gold in Granite Falls!  Lets go find it right now.  I always wanted to be a zillionaire and this could be our big chance.
Hold your horses Freddie, cautioned Thor, always the voice of reason.  Im sure the soldiers came back and got it 150 years ago.  That gold is probably long gone by now.
I wouldnt be so confident, corrected Toby.  If the Confederates caught up with General Pickett, they may have participated in his disastrous charge a month later at Gettysburg.  They may not have lived to return to Granite Falls.
Is that true, Shad? asked the anxious Freddie.  Whats the scoop on Pickets Charge?
Our big friend Shad thought for a minute before replying.    Then, with his perfect recall, he started replaying some Civil War documentary.
Pickett's Charge was a disastrous infantry assault ordered by General Robert E. Lee against General George Meades Union positions upon Cemetery Ridge, on July 3, 1863.  It was the bloodiest single military attack in American history. It cut down the flower of the Confederacy's officer corps in the most important theatre of battle in the War.
Lee feared a Union counteroffensive and tried to strengthen his center.  When Lee told Pickett to rally his division for the defense, Pickett allegedly replied, General Lee, I have no division."
Toby spoke up, So, if Major Booth did fight with Pickett, he probably never made it back to Granite Falls for the gold.
Yeah, but somebody is bound to have survived, Thor observed.
Maybe so, Toby agreed.  But think about it.  You would not have told everyone in your command where the gold was stashed.  It would only take a couple of men to bury it.  Of course, when this document was delivered to the Quartermaster General his men would have retrieved the gold.  So, its unlikely that there would be any treasure left.
Thats true, said Charlie.  Only this document was never delivered.  Mr. Burns said that the dispatch case and its contents had been recovered from the body of a messenger who had been shot dead in the field.  There is a chance the secret of the hidden gold may have died with him?
At that point we were all ready to head for the First Baptist Church right then and there.  But, we had a battle to practice for.  And all seven of us running out in the middle of the exercise would have attracted a lot of attention.  Not to mention, our teachers would have given us all Fs for lack of participation.  So, the rest of the afternoon dragged by as Toby and I stood 10 paces to the rear of Ollie Tolleys cannons.  The loud speaker alternately played the theme from Glory and The Ballad of the Green Berets.  We sweated in our wool uniforms.  We brushed away flies.  And, we listened as two High School aged artillerymen argued on and on about how the Civil War would have been different if the Confederacy had tactical air support.

*************

At 4 oclock on the dot, Company A mounted up on our bicycles and left the battlefield.  Heading directly for down town Granite Falls, we made record time and were wheeling up in front of the Church as the clock across the street in front the bunker-like Bank of Granite changed to 4:07.  
Now, the First Baptist Church of Granite Falls is also built like a bunker.  It is an imposing structure of local pink Granite Falls granite and the boxy square building is set up on a manmade hill that adds to its commanding presence.   Skinny stained glass windows, primarily deep blues, reds and purples, are interspersed along the sides of the building.  And, there is a massive steeple in the front that is probably the tallest spot in town.  Double steel doors guard the front of the building.  Over the top of doors is a notice chiseled into solid rock:  Abandon all sin, Yee who enter here   
Okay Jeep, Freddie encouraged.  Find that Gold!
Now, that is the kind of treatment that gets me steamed up.  Just because I was born with the psychic ability to find things, the guys sometimes act like I am a treasure sniffing blood hound.  And, I decided right then and there to stand up for myself.
Freddie, I lectured.  You know we have talked about this many times.  I get offended when you order me around like a trained dog.
I dont know if my reprimand made any difference but I could tell that at least I frustrated the little guy by the way he exhaled sharply and rolled his eyes.
Okay Jeep, Freddie responded and followed with an overly dramatic statement. I am profoundly sorry if I have offended you.  I realize that you are not a dog but a person who was born with the ability to find things.  And, I know that you worked with your Grandpa Gus for years to cultivate and sharpen your locating gift.  So, please, I am begging your forgiveness.  Please overlook my poor manners.  And, please use your unique skill to search these premises for gold.
There, said Freddie.  Are you happy, now?
Yes, I conceded.  I hate to be a stickler.  But, all I want is the respect that is my proper due.
Great, replied Freddie.  Then, find the gold and Ill give you a Milk bone!
Of course, I frogged Freddie a solid shot to his right shoulder.  But, I dont think it had much of an impact.  Freddie is the kind of a guy who would gladly trade a frog in the arm for a good laugh any day.
Anyway, I could not change Freddie Dunkleberger.  So, I decided to ignore him.  And, since one thing I can do well is find lost stuff, I began to invoke my gift by closing my eyes and concentrating.  Breathing quietly, I did my best to listen for the distinctive sound of gold coming from the Church ground.  Then, slowly I began to circle the building.  Whenever one of the guys started to interrupt, I put up my hand for the silence I needed to be at my best.   And, listening for the a 24 karat serenade, I walked across the front of the building.  Then, I moved along the right side.  Concentrating ever harder I paced along the back of the Church.  Then, finally, I moved deliberately up left side of the building and stopped in front of my fellow club members. 
Nope, I announced to the anxious faces.  Its clean.  Theres no gold here. I cant hear anything that even sounds like gold.
Are you sure? Freddie pleaded.  You only went around once.  Maybe you missed it.  Go around again and maybe youll pick up something. 
Or, Shad chimed in, maybe the gold is in lead boxes  like kryptonite.  And, the treasure rays arent getting through to you.
That might be a possibility, I agreed, but then took the opportunity to roll my own eyes and added, But only if Lex Luthor was Treasurer of the Confederacy.  I hated to burst their bubble but there was no gold here.  Im sorry guys. Its just not here.  Someone must have dug it up a long time ago.
Are you not getting gold sounds at all? Toby asked.  Maybe you are not tuned in on the correct gold wavelength?
Actually, I am picking up gold.  I can hear the sound of the gold leaf on the steeple of the First Apple when I walk around back.  And, standing here in front I can get some gold tones from TuderBurgs Jewelry across the street.  Im just not finding anything here on the Church property.
It was not what the guys wanted to hear. But, I could not conjure gold out of thin air just to make them happy.  Plus, I was disappointed myself.  I wanted to find gold just as badly as they did.  
So, downhearted, we began mounting up on our bicycles for a sad ride home, when Bogdon Peabody made a discovery.  
Wait, I found something!  Bogdon announced.
Is it gold? Freddie asked hopefully.
No, its the church Cornerstone.  It says 1958!
It was clear to everyone that we were barking up the wrong tree.  This was the First Baptist Church of Granite Falls.  But, it had to be a different Church from the one the Confederates hid all that gold in.  This Church was not built until over ninety years after the fact.  So, now confused and disappointed, we mounted up and rode home.

*************

The next day broke bright and cool, and we were back at the battlefield by 10 AM.  The reenactment started out okay.  From our artillery position we had a pretty good vantage point to watch the Union advance to Deep Gap Creek.  The attack culminated with a tremendous explosion that splintered the wooden footbridge into a million pieces.  (The explosion may not have been historically accurate but it sure made for an exciting finish).
After the attack we broke for lunch again; and by that time Toby and I really needed that break.  Our two High School crewmates were now arguing about how different the Civil War would have ended if the Confederacy had formed an alliance with the Klingon Empire.  And, the loud speaker kept playing the same music over and over; the themes from Gone with the Wind and The Great Escape.   Toby and I felt like we needed our own escape.
I had not had much dinner the night before.  I was excited and then disappointed about the Confederate gold.  So, by late morning I was ready to eat my fist.  I know I was all smiles when that Mule wagon pulling the First Apple ladies come rolling up.  Todays menu included was chicken stew, fried catfish with hushpuppies, fresh baked bread, real churned butter and homemade peach preserves.  (Yum!  A fella could get use to this.)
Miss Hattie was there making sure us boys had plenty to eat and drink.  Once we were served they started to move on.  We had to remind them to take our meal tickets.   Then, as Miss Hattie was putting the slips into the old cigar box the First Apple ladies were using for keeping the tickets, I had a thought.
Miss Hattie, I said.  Do you remember when they built the First Baptist Church of Granite Falls?
I sure do, child.  In fact, I had three older brothers that hauled stone for that building.  And, Momma was part of the cleaning crew that dusted and waxed the floor before the dedication service.  My, my, child that floor shined like a mirror.   It just made you feel like you were in the House of the Lord.
Maam, what happened to the old First Baptist Church?  Did they tear it down?
No, child.  No, indeed.  Those good folks could not bear the thought of tearing it down.  So, the sold it instead.
Well, who did they sell it to, Miss Hattie?
Why to us, of course.  Its now the First Apple.
I looked at the guys and they looked at me.  And, we just shook our heads. How could seven seventh grade boys be so completely clueless?

*******

As soon as the wagon moved on and we were alone, Charlie spoke up. Well you guys know this is just like that Edgar Allan Poe story we read last month in English class, The Purloined Letter.
I remember that one, Thor explained.  This guy stole a letter and then hid it on his desk with a bunch of other letters so no one noticed it there in plain sight.
Thats right, agreed Charlie. He hid it right out in the open.  No one noticed it because it was what they expected to see.  So, thats exactly what those Rebels did in Granite Falls.  Charlie paused for effect. You know where that gold is, dont you?
Yeah, said Shad.  Its buried under the First Apple.
No, goofball.  Its not underneath the church.  Its on top! The Rebels made the gold into a steeple and put it on top of the Church.  Then, they told everyone it was Gold leaf and the whole town has been ignoring it for over a hundred and fifty years.
Its ingenious, said Bogdon.
Inspired, added Toby.
What do we do now? asked Shad.  I mean, how do we get up to that steeple and find out if we are right?
We all thought hard for a moment.  Then the answer hit me, so I addressed the guys, I know someone who has a crane. 

*************

Ollie Tolley was just finishing his deployment of the Yankee cannon.  They were all set up for the shelling that would begin at sundown.  And, Major Tolley was hot and dirty and ready for lunch, when the seven of us appeared with a wild story about Confederate gold on a church steeple in Granite Falls.  As you can imagine he was not that receptive at first.  But, Ill give him this.  He found a spot in the shade and sipped on a cold can of Pepsi and listened to what we had to say.
After he cooled off a little, Mr. Tolley began to show some interest.  Finally, when Bogdon performed his lemonade trick on Charlies dispatch and the writing appeared, that did the trick. Ollie Tolley chugged the last of his Pepsi, crushed the can in his hand and said, Lets go see. 
Mr. Tolley got behind the wheel of his flat bed truck with the crane mounted behind the cab.  He did not even stop to unload a 3 inch parrot gun that was tied down on the back. We hopped on our bikes and took off after him, bound for the First Apple.
The First Apostolic Church of the Chosen and Redeemed is two blocks back from the First Baptist Church on Main Street.  But, those two blocks make a world of difference.  While First Baptist is in the center of town, First Apple has the feel of a country church.   It is small by comparison to its successor and the little wooden structure is in perfect condition.  There is no rotten wood and everything is freshly painted.  The Grass lawn is manicured. Even the bean field that stretches off on the East side seems particularly well cared for.
As soon as we pulled up beside the Church, Mr. Tolley got out and hooked a stand-in basket onto the edge of the hydraulic crane.  He told Freddie to climb on in.  Almost before Freddie was set, Mr. Tolley was at the controls lifting him up to the steeple.
How do I tell if its the gold? Freddie asked as he was telescoped upward.
Toby answered, Just tap on side with your finger.  If its gold leaf over wood itll sound just like wood. If its solid gold, it should give a thunk.
Mr. Tolley got Freddie into position.  Freddie put his ear against the steeple and tapped.  Down on the ground we held our breath.
I think it thunked, said Freddie.
What do you mean You think it thunked? demanded an exasperated Ollie Tolley.  Did it thunk or not?  
Freddie rapped it again. It thunked, he said.  Its gold.
On the ground, we let out a cheer.  We had done it.  We had found the Confederate Gold that had been hidden since the Civil War.  Mr. Tolley started retracting the crane and brought Freddie back down to earth.
What do we do now? asked Shad.  Do we call 911 and say we found Civil War gold?
No! Mr. Tolley almost shouted.  No cops, he ordered.  Then, he added more calmly, First we need to tell the Church.  Its their steeple.  Its their gold.  They should be the first ones to know.
That seemed reasonable to us.  
Im sure they can put all that gold to good use, Bogdon added.
Mr. Tolley nodded before suggesting, I tell you what.  Ill stay here and watch the steeple and you guys go get the First Apple Ladies.
Do you want some of us to stay here with you? Charlie offered.
No. Thats okay.  Ill be fine by myself.  I may even go up in the bucket and take a look.  Ive never seen that kind of gold before.

*************

We did not waste any time as we flew back to the battlefield on our Huffy BMXs, still sporting Union blues.  We looked like some weird cavalry of Civil War mountain bikers.  
When we found the First Apple Ladies they had just finished serving lunch and had their mule cart headed for home.   They were moving awfully slow.  They were probably exhausted from cooking half the night and serving food most all day.  But, when we told them about their golden steeple, they seemed to get a second wind.
Miss Hattie stood up on the front of her cart and addressed her steed, Brother Mule.  Its time for us to be about the Lords work.  I know you have carried a heavy burden this day.  But, a steeple made of gold and a sack of tasty carrots await us back at the First Apple.  So step lively.  Your orange reward is at hand.
She shook the reins and the wagon shot out faster than I ever thought it could move.  I think they might have lost some pots and pans along the way.  But, Miss Hattie was determined to get back to the church and see that steeple for herself.  
We reached the First Apple in record time; way before Ollie Tolley expected us.  In fact, we got their just in time to catch him driving off in his crane truck  with the golden steeple sitting on the flat bed.  It took us a second to realize what was going on.
Hey! Hes rippin us off! Shad finally yelled. 
The crane truck was moving pretty slow as it took off across the parking lot just faster than a jog.  We had interrupted him before he had the steeple firmly lashed down so Mr. Tolley was forced to avoid any jarring motions that might bump it off the trailer.  When he came to the bean field, the soft rich soil slowed him down even more.  Thats why he had offloaded the parrot gun.  With the additional weight of the cannon, the truck probably would have gotten bogged down in the soft earth of the bean field.
Always cool in a crisis, Toby reacted immediately and dialed 911.  But, the dispatcher had trouble understanding our predicament.  A solid gold church steeple, a crane truck driving across a bean field and a lost Confederate treasure are not things that get reported every day.
Meanwhile, the other Rangers yelling at the fleeing truck, while the First Apple Ladies prayed.   I just stood there trying figure out how to stop that truck.  Thats when I realized that there was a cannon sitting next to me.  And, in addition to the parrot gun, Mr. Tolley had unloaded all kinds of extra artillery gear including powder, a ram rod and several of the demonstration cannon balls that were always passed around to the spectators.
Toby, hang up and give me hand!
I ran around the cannon and began turning the barrel toward the Mr. Tolleys truck.  Toby saw what I was doing, and he ran over and picked up the black power can.  Grabbing the measuring tube, he filled it up before pouring the powder down the bun barrel.  Then, I forced the power down the tube with the antique ramrod.  Then, Toby rolled in one of the display cannon ball.  And, once again, I rammed in rod while Toby poured some powder down the fuse hole.  It was the first time we had ever loaded a cannon, but we had spent days watching it done. Now, all we needed was a little good luck!
Mr. Tolleys truck was slowly moving from right to left across the field of fire.  Together, Toby and I adjusted the cannon to lead the moving vehicle a bit.  Finally, I pulled an extra long striking match from the pile of stuff thrown down beside us.
Stand back! I yelled to Toby.
Striking the match, I touched it to the powder.

KAABBBOOOMMMM

The sound was incredibly loud!  And, we could actually see the cannon ball rocket out of the barrel and across the bean field.  It dropped a lot faster than I expected or I would have added more elevation.  We watched the cannon ball shred a bunch of soybean plants, bounce off the plowed earth and skip back into the air.  
I dont know if it was beginners luck or an answered prayer, but the cannon ball smashed dead center into the trucks left rear tire and ripped it off.  And, it did not just knock off the rubber.  That iron ball knocked the entire back axle off the truck.  One second it was a four wheeled vehicle and then suddenly there were no rear tires at all. The two wheeled truck skidded to a stop; its rear end settling into the deep red soil and soybeans.    Neither that truck, nor Mr. Tolley, would be going anywhere anytime soon.

*************

Two days later, Treasury Agents from the US Government showed up and they immediately took custody of the steeple, claiming the Confederate gold was property of the United States under the Reparations Act of 1865. (I guess thats why they call them Treasury Agents  they take your treasure.)  However, the Treasury Department did agree that the First Apple was due a 10% finders fee.  Since there was $2.3 Million in gold, the Church got $230,000, plus money for a new steeple.   I was a little put out by the meager settlement, but Miss Hattie said she was glad to see that the U.S. Government knew how to tithe.
Of course, the First Apple Church and all the Rangers got to be in all the newspapers.  And, three TV stations drove up from Charlotte and interviewed everyone.   Finally, as show of appreciation the First Apple Ladies auxiliary hosted a dinner in our honor: which may have been the finest meal ever prepared in history of Granite Falls.    And, all the Rangers ate our as much of that heavenly chow as we could stuff down our gullets.  Then, everybody there made a big show of signing my cast.
You see, I was the last official casualty of the Battle of Granite Falls. When I fired the cannon, the left wheel recoiled back over my right foot.  It broke my ankle in three places.  So, I have to admit that Ollie Tolley was right about something after all.   When messing with a Civil War cannon, I should have stayed in my original position, 10 paces to the rear. 
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * 


The Adventure of the Rocket Bike!

Some people dont like Mondays because Monday is the start of the new work week.  Its the farthest point from the weekend and all you have in front of you are five boring school days.  Thats five days of getting up early, homework, pop quizzes, school lunches and going to bed early.  Its true that here and there you may get an hour for some fun.  But for the most part, you have to save you plans and projects for the weekend.
But really, Monday is not so bad.  Not if you spend it looking backwards.  
You can talk about what you did over the weekend and find out what your classmates were up to.  You can discuss the games from Saturday and Sunday and what place you favorite teams are in.  And often, you hear some juicy piece of news or scandal about some outrageous behavior or some breakups and make ups that took place during the preceding 48 hours.   So, Monday is not really that bad.
Its Tuesday thats really boring.  
By Tuesday, youve already discussed everything that happened over the weekend and youve still got three more school nights and four school days to survive before the freedom of Saturday and Sunday.
So, its not surprising that on a Tuesday afternoon we would all be sitting around the tree house wishing for an adventure.  Even our WI-FI connection was down so we were completely cut off from the outside world. It seemed like our only option was to sit around and drink root beer and stare at each other. Of course, after Thor and Shad consumed three root beers a piece, nature took its course.

BUURRRPPPP!  

That burp exploded from Thor Munsons first string linebackers frame like it was escaping from a Justin Beaver concert.  It was truly an impressive feat. I believe that leaves actually fell from the tree. But Thors belching supremacy would certainly not go unchallenged. Shad was standing with a fresh root beer in one hand and rubbing his considerable belly with the other.  Within a few seconds he yelled, Fire in the hole.
We all took cover and Shad unleashed what must have been a major part of the annual carbonation production of entire United States of America.   In fact, it may have been the first human burp to ever register on the Richter scale.
Wow, said Freddy, brushing the dust off his shorts after pretending to have been knocked to the floor.  We have to be the luckiest guys ever!
Why? I asked, Because we were at ground zero for Shads greatest burp?
No, Freddy answered.  Were lucky that one came out as a burp.  Knowing Shad, it could just as easily have come out the other end!
After we finished laughing, I observed, If only we could harness that kind of power. Theres no telling what we could do with it.
Maybe we can, replied Charlie, dragging out his back pack.  
Charlie unzipped his bag and searched inside for a minute before he pulled out a copy of Popular Mechanics.  Then, he thumbed through the magazine until he found what he was looking for.  Finally, Charlie flopped the publication down onto the footlocker in the center of the room.   There article he showed was entitled, Build Your Own Rocket Bike!  It featured a picture of a helmeted rider with flames shooting out the back of his bicycle.  The caption explained that the rocket bike had a top speed in excess of 60 mph.
Whats a rocket bike got to do with burping? I asked.
They are very similar, explained Charlie.  A burp is just a jet of gas the stomach expels through the esophagus.  A rocket expels a jet of gas through its nozzle.  In the case of the burp  the result is noise.  While the result of the rocket is a propulsive force called thrust.  In this rocket bike, the thrust propels the rider from 0 to 60 in about 5 seconds.  In fact, the rocket bike will beat a stock Porsche in a drag race.
Wow! said Freddie.  Lets buy one for the club.
You cant buy em.  They are not on the market, said Charlie. You have to build them yourself.
Well, then lets build one, said Freddie.  Can we do that?
I looked over and saw Toby had picked up the magazine and Bogdon was already opening up his sketch book.  I pointed at the two inventors.
Id like to see someone try and keep those two from building one.
Well if they need more inspiration, said Shad.  Here it comes!
We held on tight as Shad uncorked another monster burp that shook the entire tree.	

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

The Rangers have been building and flying rockets since before we were even a club.  Charlie and his Dad are especially dedicated Rocketeers.  One time, Mr. Sinclair even modified his largest rocket, taking the parachute out and stuffing the payload container full of silver iodide crystals.   He and Charlie fired the rocket into the next big black cloud that came by.  Blam! The rocket seeded the cloud with silver iodide and down came a shower.  They actually made it rain!
So anyway, we have lots of rocket experience. But not this kind of rocket experience.  The rocket bike was a different kind of animal.  It was a hybrid rocket that burned a combination of nitrous oxide and roofing tar.   And we had to build the rocket motors ourselves.  But, working together, it was surprising how fast and easy, building the rocket bike turned out to be.
A tank of liquid nitrous oxide was bolted to the frame of a standard bike frame just in front of the seat.  We ran a hose from the tank into the combustion chamber mounted on the rear of the bike on an extension platform.  We made the combustion chamber from a large diameter steel pipe and filled it with heated roofing tar.  When the tar cooled into a solid, we drilled a small hollow tunnel through the middle of the tar for the nitrous oxide to flow through.  We finished off the rocket by fitting a nozzle to the back. 
After test firing a couple of times at an old limestone quarry west of town, we decided we were ready for the first manned launch of the Rocket Bike.  Since we did not have a test track, we decided to use Falls Avenue as our ground zero.  It has a long straight roadway of smooth blacktop that crosses over the granite falls on Gunpowder Creek.
Our test pilot, Charlie Sinclair, looked like a NASCAR driver after he put on the dark blue fireproof jump suit we bought for the occasion.  In addition, Toby insisted that Charlie wear a special motorcycle helmet that offered 360 degrees of head protection.  At these speeds with a homemade rocket you cant be too careful.  
Toby and I started walking down the road just east of the Municipal Golf Course.  We strolled over a mile down the black top, searching for debris or pot holes that might cause an accident.  After sweeping off some broken glass and removing an old piece of tire tread, we returned to the starting point and informed the assembled Rangers the launch site was ready.
Using a pair of climbing spikes, Freddie shinnied about twenty five feet up a large tulip poplar just beside the road.  He attached a chair stand and made himself comfortable.  Freddies job was to observe Falls Road and let us know when we had a traffic free period long enough for our test run.  He would also record the occasion using a video camera equipped with a telephoto lens.
Charlie gave the rocket bike one last walk around inspection.  He lifted the back and spun the rear tire with his hand.  He checked to make sure all the rocket mountings were bolted securely.  He studied the pressure gauge on the nitrous oxide tank.  He squeezed the throttle and we could hear a shushing sound as a blast of liquid gas was released.
When Charlie was satisfied everything as A-OK, he mounted the vehicle and put on his helmet.  
Radio check, Charlie said over the helmet mounted transmitter.  Counting backwards from five.  Five.  Four. Three. Two. One.
Radio is five by five, Toby responded over one of the hand held units the rest of us were carrying.
Freddie?  Hows it looking up there? asked Bogdon.
Theres one old pickup heading towards town on Falls Avenue.  After it moves by us, I think we will have an opening, Freddie replied.
All Rangers stand clear of the Rocket Bick, Bogdon announced.  We have a live fire.  Repeat.  We have a live fire.  On my mark we will count down from ten.
Our eyes were glued to the slowly approaching pickup.
Any changes Freddie? Bogdon inquired.
No changes.  The launch site remains clear.
Bogdon called to Charlie, Test pilot?   Are you ready?
The test pilots ready, Charlie responded.  And he gave us a thumbs up sign.
Bogdon spoke again, All units.  All units.  We are in go mode for launch.  Count down will begin as soon as we are clear down range.
The battered red pickup was now close enough to identify the driver.  It was old Mr. Polyaw from the Polyaw lumber yard.  He did not seem to realize he was holding up our firing sequence.  He just smiled and waved as he slowly pulled on by.  A couple of us waived back, but Bogdon was too focused to respond.
Freddie, he demanded.  Are we clear?
We are clear in both directions.
Good, responded Bogdon.  Begin rolling tape on the five count. Charlie?  Are you ready?  
Ready for launch, Charlie responded.
All units.  All units.  This is not a drill.  This is a live fire.  I am beginning count down.
Ten
Nine
Eight
Seven
Six
Five    
Tape is rolling, injected Freddie.
Four
Three
Two
One
Ignition!

Charlie hit the trigger button.  An electrical charge hit the igniter on a small model rocket engine in the combustion chamber and for about two seconds the model rocket engine fired, causing the roofing tar to begin burning.  The white smoke from the tiny engine soon turned into oily black smoke from the burning tar.  We could see a flame extending from the back of the chamber like a barbeque pit with too much charcoal starter.  The tar in the combustion chamber was ignited  but the thrust would not come until the Nitrous Oxide was applied.
Go for throttle up! Bogdon commanded.
Roger, Charlie replied.  I am throttling up!  
As Charlie squeezed the throttle, nitrous oxide flowed into the combustion chamber.  Adding the gas caused the tar to burn a hundred times faster.  Suddenly the flame coming out of the combustion chamber exploded into a jet of fire.  White smoke belched out and the bike lurched forward, while Toby and Shad activated their stop watches.
Charlie held on for all he was worth as he accelerated down the road.  For the next few seconds he did his best to count off the miles on his speedometer.
Twenty
Thirty
Forty
Fifty
Sixty miles per hour! Charlie announced triumphantly and he began his throttle down procedure.  But, even though the rocket was throttling back Charlies forward motion continued to climb.
I have sixty-five miles per hour and all systems are functioning normally!
At approximately eight and a half seconds into the ride two important things occurred. The first happening we expected.  Just like we planned, the rocket burned through the last of the roofing tar. Charlie released the throttle and held on while the bike coasted along at sixty-seven miles per hour.
We had not planned for the second happening.  
From his observation point in the tulip poplar, Freddie was the first one of us to observe the white Sheriffs car turning onto Falls Avenue from Grace Chapel Road.  He even got some pretty good pictures of  Sheriff Killdeer watching in astonishment as Charlie passed him going the opposite direction on a bicycle doing over sixty miles per hour.
It only took a second for the Sheriff to overcome his surprise and flip on his lights and siren.  He slammed on his brakes and made a quick U-turn.  The Sheriff pushed his pedal to the floor and took out after Charlie like he was the Unibomber!
Seeing the Sheriff in hot pursuit of Charlie Sinclair and our rocket bike, Freddie paraphrased those immortal words of Apollo 13,Bogdon, we have a problem.

For several seconds we just stood there with a blank look on our faces.   It had never occurred to us we might be violating the law by launching our rocket bike.  We were just middle schoolers testing our experiment.  Like statues, we stood with our mouths hanging open until a second Sheriffs car came up Falls Avenue from town.  Its lights were flashing and its siren was on.  It looked like Sheriff Killdeer had called for backup.
The second car passed us at what seemed like a hundred miles an hour.  We recognized Deputy Burcham as he sped by.  But, suddenly, his break lights flashed on.  This second Sheriffs car came to a stop a couple of blocks down the road.  And, he hung a u-turn. When he floored it and started heading our way, we realized he was coming back for us!  
That finally jarred us into action.  I remember hearing a panicked voice scream RUN! over the radio.  But, I dont have the faintest idea who was speaking. At that point I was completely focused on trying to keep from being the first person in my family to ever be arrested!
We Scattered!
Some of us were on bicycles and some of us (like me) were on foot.  And without planning it, we all took off in different directions.  By the time the lawman got back to our location we were heading off into the woods on both sides of the road, where his car could not follow.  The Deputy gave up on us and turned around once more.  He floored his gas pedal and shot down the road trying to catch up with the Sheriff.
Of course, I did not know this at the time.  I was too busy running through a pine thicket and trying not to pee in my pants.  As a matter of fact, I dont think I slowed down until I was halfway home.
We found out what the Deputy Sheriff did later, from Freddie.   Poor Freddie was still stuck in the top of the Tulip Poplar, praying the lawmen did not look up!
For the next several hours we straggled into the tree house one by one. We had no idea if anybody had been caught.  So, it was a huge relief when the last Ranger, in this case Charlie, came limping in.  He was soaking wet and his face was scratched and bleeding.  Charlie explained it was not until he coasted to a stop and pulled off his helmet that he heard the Sheriffs siren.  Realizing he was being pursued, he pushed off the road and went careening down a small hillside and directly into blackberry thicket.  He threw himself into the thorny cover just as Sheriff Killdeer went shooting past. 
His flight suit protected him from most of the thorns but his face looked like he had been in a cat fight.  He stashed the bike and helmet and made his way through the underbrush all the way home.  He was limping because he twisted his ankle when he tripped on a exposed huckleberry root.  But, he managed to make it back without being apprehended.
I understand the limp and the scratches, said Shad.  But why are you all wet?
Well, at one point I heard a dog barking.  I was afraid they had brought in a K-9 unit to track me down.  So, I ran to the river and sloshed a couple hundred yards downstream so they would lose my scent.
That broke the tension.  We laughed at the thought of Charlie splashing down the river like he escaped from a chain gang.  We also laughed at ourselves because we realized that we probably overreacted and the FBI was not going to put us on their most wanted list.  
Finally Bogdon spoke up, Well, at least the Rocket bike was a success.  According to my calculations Charlie went from 0 to 60, in just 5.4 seconds.  And, he topped out at 67 miles per hour.
Im glad to hear that, replied Charlie.  But, I dont know how many more successes I can handle.
We laughed at Charlie and at ourselves once more.  Then, we agreed it was time to lay low.  So, the Granite Falls Rangers officially shutdown the Project Rocket Bike.  That evening after it got dark, we recovered the bike and helmet.  And, we moved those pieces, along with a half dozen extra combustion chambers already loaded with tar, to the bat cave.
Standing out front of the shelter, we bled off the remaining nitrous oxide from the tank.  Then, we rolled the bike inside and lowered the big sliding garage door.  
With the bat cave locked up and the alarm set, we headed home on foot and spoke very little along the way.  I think we were all pretty sad about saying good bye to the rocket bike.  As the garage door came down we felt like we were closing the door on a terrific opportunity.
Of all the Rangers, Freddie was taking the shut down particularly hard.  Because of his short little legs, all of his life he had been one of the slowest kids in school.  So the rocket bike had him dreaming of a new speed record and a chance to become Freddie the Rocket Boy.
Charlie tried to brighten Freddie up by offering him two votes in our next weekly Ranger meeting.  But, that did not have much effect. Finally, Toby tried his hand at raising our dampened spirits.
Cheer up guys, Toby suggested.  After all, its official now.
Whats official?  I asked.
Well, from this day forward, we are officially Rocket Scientists, Toby proclaimed.  We are bona fide, built one ourselves, Rocket Scientists.
That made us all stop and think.
Thats true, Shad agreed thoughtfully.  And you know what? When Werner Von Braun was our age he was still hoeing turnips on his Dads farm in Wirsitz.  Thats from The Race for Rockets  a History Channel production, He added.
Well I think this calls for a celebration, announced Charlie.  So, as President of the Rangers, I move that we go down to Darbys, eat all the ice cream we can stand, and charge it off to the club!
Second! shouted Freddie. 
Shad pretended he was too surprised to second the motion, but we were pretty sure he let Freddie win this one. And smiles replaced frowns, even for slow poke Freddie Dunkleberger.
And, that was a red letter day in the history of the Granite Falls Rangers.  That was the day we officially became Rocket Scientists and ate ice cream until we almost puked.  And, Club President Charlie Sinclair rode his bicycle sixty-seven miles per hour in a forty-five mile per hour zone - without going to jail. And, we put the Rocket Bike safely away in mothballs.  
But, even though we did not realize it at the time, events were already in motion that would lead to a Return of the Rocket Bike.  We would soon use those extra combustion chambers we had squirreled away.  And, Slow Poke Freddie would eventually get his chance to become Freddie the Rocket Boy.
But, that is a story for another day. 
**********


Santa Clause Comes to Granite Falls

Back when I was in the fifth grade, a classmate told me that Boo Yoder had one blue eye and one green eye. My 10 year old companion swore up and down that he spotted the mismatched orbs while Boo was driving down Main Street on his mint condition 1934 Indian Chief' motorcycle  the one with the gleaming Warbonnet Red and Yellow paint job. 
Of course, I refused to believe the blue eyed green eyed story. It's not that I couldn't accept that Boo might have different colored eyes. It's just that I couldn't believe that Boo Yoder was driving down Main Street without his Ray bans on.  In my whole life, I have never met anybody - that I trusted - who recalls ever seeing Boo Yoder barefaced.  In day or night or wind, rain and snow, those extra dark sunglasses are as much a part of the 6'2 Granite Falls native as his ripped muscles, his chiseled jaw and his razor edged flat top haircut.
Did I mention that Boo Yoder looks like one of those buff pilots from that volleyball scene in Top Gun'?
Now, I have often seen the eyes of Cowboy: Boo's faithful Australian shepherd. Unlike his owner, Cowboy rarely wears dark glasses. Cowboys peepers (both frosted blue) compliment the red bandana that flaps wildly whenever he rides shotgun in the antique Indian's sidecar.
Boo is the third generation of Yoders to run the family junk business here in Granite Falls. Boo's Grandfather, Big Bob' Yoder, returned from WWII to open a small Army and Navy surplus store on the outskirts of town. Boo's dad, Little Bob' Yoder, took over and ran the enterprise for thirty years, expanding it with Cold War surplus and a few choice cast offs from the Apollo space program. 
Now that Boo is in charge, he has used the Internet to expand Yoder Salvage into a global enterprise. He buys and sells surplus items from around the world. So, if you are looking for Israeli made rare earth magnets or surplus Russian Geiger counters, Boo is the man to see. He will even special order products for his favorite customers.  That is why, when the Rangers were in the market for a parachute harness, a hand held altimeter and a dozen extra large tanks of Helium, we immediately thought of Boo Yoder and Cowboy. 
As it turned out, Boo had parachute harnesses and altimeters on the yard. We took them with us the day we presented him with our list. And, within a week Boo delivered the Helium tanks directly to our secret backup clubhouse: the Bat Cave. He brought them over in the Green Mamba', a fully restored 1952 M37 Weapons Carrier. Cowboy rode head out the window' on the passenger side of the olive drab  ton 4 by 4 that Boo calls the original Super duty pickup'. 
Boo and Cowboy are the only non-club members we trust with the knowledge of the Bat Cave in unit 007 at Martin Stoneys U-Store It. That is because Boo is a rare character who would rather mind his own business than someone else's. And, Cowboy is a dog who knows how to keep a secret.
On the same day the helium arrived, the local UPS depot received several unmarked crates filled with latex balloons and two giant brown cardboard boxes from the Circle City Costume Company of Indianapolis, Indiana.  These packages were marked for delivery to Yoder Salvage Company.  And, they too, were delivered to the Bat Cave by our Ray ban sporting friend.
We did our best to collect everything necessary for our latest adventure without leaving an obvious trail leading back to the Granite Falls Rangers.   Because, when the balloon went up on Project K for Kringle there was likely to be plenty of fallout hitting the fan. We were doing our best not to get splattered by it. 

**********

Every year on the first Saturday in December, Granite Falls hosts its annual Christmas parade. Main Street is filled with the middle school marching band and colorful floats covered with pretty girls in prom dresses. And, anybody who wants to participate in the procession can just show up that morning and get in line. 
Last year the Rangers decorated our electric golf cart with a Giant Hershey's Kiss on top. Toby and I drove while the rest of the club, wearing reindeer horns and blinking red noses, rode on a small hay wagon attached to the back. We threw peppermint candy to all the kids along the route and of course chocolate Kisses' to all the girls.
Right behind us came my favorite part of the procession: the parade of tractors. Farmers from all over Caldwell County showed up on their shined up and decked out iron horses to compete against each other in categories like Biggest Tires', Ugliest Tractor' and Most Likely to give up the Ghost'.
At the tail of the parade, the finale is always a wagon pulled by a big red Farmall covered in Christmas ornaments. In the back of the wagon, on a built up pile of hay bales, rides the Grand Marshal of the Granite Falls Christmas Parade, none other than Santa Claus.  Santa waves to the crowd as he makes his way along the parade route.  And when the jolly old elf finally arrives at town square, he hops off the wagon and takes his place on a huge red chair in the middle of the Band Pavilion. Once hes set, he invites the small children of Granite Falls to climb up into Santa's lap and tell him what they want for Christmas.
At least that's what they used to do.
However, three years ago local businessman Horace Killjoy was elected Mayor of Granite Falls. And one of the Mayor's traditional duties is to portray Santa in the annual Christmas parade. Unfortunately, Mayor Killjoy does not share Santa's affection for small children. In fact, I think he is afraid of them.   So, the last two years, instead of allowing those small citizens the opportunity hop up and tell Santa their dreams for Noel, the Mayor has the children herded into a semi-circle around the Pavilion. Then, in place of Christmas fun and Yuletide joy, the children receive a 30 minute speech on Good Citizenship and Personal Responsibility'.
Clearly, this was an affront to the Holiday season. Mayor Killjoy had to be stopped and the true spirit of Christmas had to be restored.  And, the Granite Falls Rangers were just the team for the job! 

**********

When the first Saturday in December rolled around this year, it was a crisp clean morning with a sun so bright, it made you squint.  But, you did not want to close your eyes completely or you might miss the incredible corn flower blue sky on this Chamber of Commerce brochure-type day.
The citizens of Granite Falls may have realized that Mayor Killjoy was going to rain on their Christmas parade. However, that did not stop them from coming out in force to wave at the float riders, catch candy and reminisce about great parades of yester year.
The Falls City had gone all out for the parade again this season. There were a total of nine different floats (ten if you counted the local brownie troop riding on a trailered bass boat). In addition, there were two blocks worth of tractors including Fords, Farmalls and shiny green John Deeres.  Plus, downtown stores were decorated for the season. Lights and artificial holly hung from old wrought iron lamp posts. Loud speakers broadcast Christmas carols. And, the park benches around the town square were decorated with bunches of huge helium filled balloons, which somehow just appeared overnight.
New among the marchers in this years parade, behind the tractor motorcade and ahead of the marching band, was a group of six festively clad Christmas elves. The elves marched down the street in satin and velvet outfits with shiny red pointed shoes and belled Christmas hats. Red Zorro-like masks covered their faces. And, as the mysterious elves marched along towards town square, they waved at the crowd and pushed a giant Christmas present on wheels, all wrapped up in sparkling paper and topped with a huge velvet bow.
Since Granite Falls is a small town, it did not take long for the parade to make its way to the center. With kick off time at 10 am sharp, by 10:45 Santa was pulling up to the square and stepping down from his wagon. And, it was exactly 10:48 am when the Deputy Mayor Tagalong introduced Santa Claus and led him over to the big red chair.
Now you would assume that since this was the third year Mayor Killjoy was portraying Santa, parents would recognize the great train wreck that was about to take place. But, apparently, some people didnt get the word. Or, maybe they just held out hope for some Christmas Miracle, where the Mayor is unexpectedly filled with spirit of the season and does the right thing.  If so, those Christmas optimists must have had their fingers crossed as Santa' sat down in the big red chair and switched on the microphone.  Mayor Killjoy's voice boomed out, and he waved to the joyous crowd.
Merry Christmas!  Hello Boys and Girls! Ho. Ho. Ho. 
But, hopes and dreams were dashed once again when the Mayor pulled out his black leather Dayminder and began to read aloud.
Boys and Girls Santa would like to start this year's Christmas lecture with a quote from President Herbert Hoover
Mayor Killjoy had not been blessed with a Scrooge-like epiphany. He had not been overcome by the magic of the season. And, he was not planning to change his spirit of Noel crushing ways.  So, the Granite Falls Rangers were forced to take action.

WeeooawwOoooh! 

A piercing screech of feedback rang through the public address system, and bystanders in the crowd covered their assaulted eardrums.
The Mayor was startled by the outburst, and he quit talking for a second. When it was clear that the electronic eruption was over, he resumed his speech.  However, to his chagrin, nothing happened. His microphone had gone dead and someone else's voice came over the loud speakers.
Ladies and Gentlemen, boys and girls. Please stand by for a special communication from the first citizen of the North Pole.
Looking up from his Dayminder, Santa Claus' signaled the Deputy Mayor. He appeared to say something like, Where's that coming from? or What's going on? But, since he was no longer miked up  I really could not tell for sure.
However, a new voice addressed the crowd.
Ho. Ho. Ho. Hello boys and girls. This is Santa Claus, and I mean the real Santa Clause speaking to the citizens of Granite Falls.
By now the crowd of parents was as confused as the Mayor. But, the kids seemed to take it all in stride.
I am sorry to interrupt your Christmas festivities. But, I am afraid that I can no longer stand idly by and watch as your Christmas parade is hijacked for political gain.
Mayor Killjoy was understandably upset by those remarks coming out of the speakers above him. But, he attempted to remain in character while asserting his authority as the town's chief executive. 
In a loud unamplified voice, the Mayor yelled, Ho. Ho. Ho. What's the meaning of this?
But, he was drowned out as the voice on the loudspeaker continued.
Boys and girls. The man you see before you dressed as Santa Claus  is not Santa Claus! He is Granite Falls Mayor Horace Killjoy wearing a fake suit and beard. And, as the real and genuine Father Christmas, I am putting my foot down. I am no longer allowing this imposter to squash the spirit of the season!  So, if you will direct your attention to the giant Christmas present on the street out front, I have a special surprise for you. 

Ta da!

The top of the giant Christmas present suddenly flew off and out popped a grand surprise: Santa Claus #2.
This new Santa was dressed in an expensive and elaborate costume of the highest quality satins and velvets that were available to the Circle City Costume Company of Indianapolis, Indiana. He wore a genuine human hair wig dyed an elegant silver gray. From his cheeks sprouted the finest theatrical costumed white beard that money could buy. For added effect (and for additional concealment) he sported a really nice pair of black Ray ban sunglasses that radiated a particular seasonal coolness.  In comparison to Santa Clause #2, Santa Clause #1, Mayor Killjoy clearly came up short. So, when Santa #2 appeared, a cheer arose from the assembled children and many of them left their parents and ran toward this obviously superior Kris Kringle.
As the children rushed forward, Sheriff's Deputy Terrance Boonfogle came hurrying over to the Mayor carrying a bullhorn retrieved from his police cruiser. Suitably armed, the Mayor retaliated against his interloping Claus.
Children, please! the Mayor ordered. Please return to your parents. This person is not Santa Claus. He is obviously some deranged lunatic.
Unfortunately for the Mayor, Santa #2 reached down into the giant Christmas box and pulled out a huge red bag full of goodies. He began tossing beanie bears and super-sized Hershey bars to the assembled children. Not only did these kids not return their adult caregivers, the rest of children in the park immediately sprinted over to collect some goodies for themselves.  And, losing the rest of his under aged audience made Horace Killjoy see red.
Sir, the outraged Mayor demanded, I insist that you leave these premises at once. Or, I shall have Deputy Boonfogle arrest for you for creating a public disturbance!
But the second Santa was undeterred by the threat of incarceration.
You better think twice, Deputy, retorted Santa #2. Arresting Santa Claus is a guarantee that you will get coal in your stocking for life!  Besides, he continued. I am not here all alone.
Then, from his pocket Santa #2 pulled out a shiny brass whistle and blew three times.  Screet! Screet! Screet!
Seemingly, from nowhere (but actually from a variety of strategic positions around the square) came the six masked costumed elves who earlier participated in the Christmas parade. They were all carrying giant candy canes about three feet high and as big around as the tailpipe of a car.
Quickly assembling into two straight lines on Main Street, the masked elves took a position between their leader and Mayor Killjoy.  Then, like an ROTC squad, the elves began to march and chant.  Slapping their candy canes on the pavement and spinning them like a Christmassy version of an M-16, the precision elfin drill team clicked the heels of their pointed shoes and shouted out in cadence.
      We're the elves from the cold North Pole. 
We've got Christmas in our soul.
We won't let this lecture start. 
Cause Mayor Clause is a great big Fart! 

      Sound Off - One, Two
Sound Off  Three, Four
One, Two, Three, Four, One, Two... Three, Four!

With a military flourish, the elves finished their routine, snapped to attention with their candy canes at their sides.  The crowd burst into spontaneous applause. And, that was the final straw for Mayor Killjoy. He turned to Deputy Boonfogle and issued an executive order that probably no other Granite Falls Chief Executive has ever had occasion to deliver:
Deputy Boonfogle, arrest Santa Clause!
Looking sheepish, but bowing to the direct command, Deputy Boonfogle slowly walked down the steps of the Band pavilion. He was hoping that if he took his time, Santa and the elves might disperse at the threat of internment. That would allow the Deputy to avoid taking Father Christmas into custody and possibly to dodge the lifelong sentence of coal and switches.
At first, it looked like the Deputy might be partly successful. The elves scattered  but Santa stood his ground.  Deputy Boonfogle approached holding his hands up in a quieting motion. 
Now let's just take it easy, Santa, said the Deputy. I'm sure that this is all just a misunderstanding. Why dont we go down to the station and talk about it.
But his quarry was not about to go quietly.
You're not takin' me alive Copper! shouted Father Christmas. Santa ain't spending Noel in the slammer!
With a great flourish, Santa Claus circled his big toy bag over his head and scattered toys and candy everywhere. Like a giant Christmas Piata it disgorged treats of all shapes and sizes.  Suddenly, there were children scrambling and diving all over the place. It was a toddler riot! There was no way the Deputy could push through the throng, so he just stood back and waited for an opening.  However, at that very moment, the elves returned. They came running up behind Santa from various points of the square. Their candy canes were gone. But, they were not empty handed. The elves reassembled with clusters of colorful balloons retrieved from park benches around the area.
The balloons were extremely large - ranging from three to six feet in diameter. Plus each bunch had a single heavy strength nylon ribbon leading down to a D clip. The clips were swiftly attached to a crimson dyed parachute harness that was just barely visible against the red of Santa's jacket.  In seconds, forty or fifty large colorful balloons were attached to Father Christmas. Then, as the elves formed a circle around the big guy,  Santa #2 addressed the crowd.
Well Boys and Girls, my work here is done. It's time for me to return to the North Pole and finish packing up my sleigh. Be good and do what your parents and teachers tell you to do.  Ho. Ho. Ho. Merry Christmas!
As Santa's last Merry Christmas' rang out to the crowd the elves released him and stood aside. And, as soon as they let go, Jolly Old Saint Nick began to rise from the ground. The red and green and white balloons provided lift and Kris Kringle quickly rose toward the beautiful December stratosphere.  Santa began to pick up speed as the wind pushed him across the square. And, as he cleared the old willow tree on the Southwest corner you could hear him shouting.

To the top of porch. To the top of the wall.
Now dash away, dash away, dash away all!

Parents, town officials and Deputy Sheriff Boonfogle watched open mouthed as Santa drifted upward into the wild blue yonder. But, the kids took it all in stride shouting:

Bye Santa! Bye! See you Christmas Eve! Ill be good!

This was not just the most exciting and fun filled Christmas Parade since Horace Killjoy was elected Mayor. This was clearly the biggest finish in the parades sixty-four year history!
But, Mayor Killjoy was not the kind of person who enjoyed being upstaged; even if it was by Father Christmas. And, as soon as the Mayor got over the initial shock of watching Santa float away, he was on Deputy Boonfogle's radio ordering the entire Sheriff's department to mount a high speed pursuit of the airborne Elf.  When the dispatcher pointed out that Sheriff's cars were not going to catch a suspect fleeing through the air, the Mayor demanded she contact the State Police and order a helicopter to join the chase.  And Mayor Killjoy did not even stop there. He began reeling off other groups that he believed the dispatcher should contact immediately. The FAA, the Air Force and the FBI were all organizations that the Mayor demanded to be notified of the dangerous flying Santa. 
When the dispatcher inquired why all these groups would be interested in apprehending St. Nick, the indignant Mayor replied.
He's a rogue Elf.  He's a danger to Public Safety and clearly a threat to Homeland Security!
With the Mayor distracted by his attempts to contact the Department of Defense, it gave us elves time to disappear into the crowd. Running through deserted alleyways and rarely used back entrances of down town buildings, we managed to find private areas to slip out of our elf costumes and stash them into a half dozen gym bags purchased just for this occasion.  Then, re-dressed in unremarkable street clothes, we converged on the parking lot in back of Dryers Appliance Store. There we unobtrusively boarded a 1952 M37 Weapons Carrier, waiting with its motor running.
Boo Yoder hit the gas, and we headed out Burke Street in the direction the wind was blowing. Freddie and Shad rode in the cab and Toby, Bogdon, Thor, and I huddled together in the pickup bed. Boo had on his sunglasses. Cowboy was wearing an elf hat. 
Toby called Charlie Sinclair on his cell phone. When Charlie answered, Toby put it on the speaker, so we could all hear.
Hello, Santa's workshop. This is Father Christmas. How may I assist you? 
These are the elves calling, said Toby. We've made it out of town safe and sound. What is your location? 
Well, the altimeter has me at 4000 feet. I am just passing over the River. According to the compass I am heading directly South West. Using the GPS, I calculate I am traveling at 8 miles per hour. 
Good, Toby replied. You are leaving Caldwell County and crossing into Burke. That should encourage the county Deputies to call off their hot pursuit.
Thor, who was monitoring the police band radio on a pair of head phones, held up his hand for quiet. Then he announced, Thats it! The dispatcher has called back the Deputies.
The rest of us gave a small cheer.
Wait a minute, said Thor, holding up his hand. Oh no!  Thor snatched off the headphones.  I just overhead a broadcast from the State Police. They have a helicopter in Asheville they are sending this way. Their ETA is approximately 30 minutes. 
What a coincidence, observed Bogdon. That's exactly how long I calculate it will take for Charlie to reach the closest landing area.
I swear I could hear Charlie gulp over the phone line. In our planning we had never expected the State Police to respond.
Hey guys, Charlie said. I may not really be Santa Claus. But, I don't want to spend Christmas in jail either! 
Don't worry, Thor assured him. I've got an idea how to buy you some time. Lets make some phone calls of our own. 
**********

It did not take us long to catch up with Charlie. We were traveling at thirty or forty miles per hour, and he was blowing along at about eight. We did not even need binoculars to find him as we passed below. He was less than a mile up, and we had no trouble spotting the bright red, green and white balloons against the deep blue sky. We could even make out his cheery red Santa suit.
Before long, we passed through Rhodhiss and drove southwest out of that community. About half way to Connelly Springs, we pulled into the parking lot of a small white brick Church beside the highway. There was plenty of open cleared farm pasture around us. If Charlie continued on his current course and at his current speed, he should be able to touch down near our location in roughly fifteen minutes.  After our hurried escape and the rush to get out of Granite Falls, that little Church parking lot was a welcome dose of peace and quiet. Occasionally, a car or pickup truck would come swishing buy, but traffic was light. Charlie's progress may have been frustratingly slow, but it was also kind of relaxing to watch him float along with the wind. In the distance some milk cows were mooing.  A large vee of Canadian geese overflew our airborne Santa and honked off into the distance. Resting in this small Church parking lot would be a pleasant way to spend a beautiful December afternoon, if we were not facing jail time.

Slowly. Slowly. Slowly.

Charlie floated directly towards us. He was on a straight line half a mile out from our position when we heard a thump, thump, thump sound coming out of the West.
Here comes the State Police helicopter, Charlie announced over the cell phone. I believe my Christmas goose is cooked.
But, he had barely let go of his radio button before we heard more thumping noises coming up from the South. This second clamor was not just a thump, thump, thump. This one echoed thumpity, thumpity, thumpity and it was much, much louder. 
Alright! Here comes the cavalry! Thor exclaimed. I just hope they get here in time. 
**********

As the background noise level increased, Charlie glided slowly along toward our position. I saw him cut loose one balloon. Then he waited thirty seconds and cut loose another.  Slowly, he began to descend.
Toby called up front to Boo, He's headed for that farm pasture across the street and up a block.
Boo ground the truck into gear and, as soon as the coast was clear, he drove onto the highway. We headed north for a block and pulled down a graded county road and drove about a hundred yards. Thor hopped off the truck and opened a gate in the roadside fence and Boo continued into a pasture. Then, Boo sped up and headed into the center of the field. A minute later the Green Mamba stopped beneath a great big pin oak that stood majestically in the middle of the meadow. Underneath that big tree, we would be pretty hard to spot from the air.
We dismounted. And remaining under the cover of the branches we had a great view of the scene unfolding before us.  Coming up on Charlie from the West, the State Police helicopter fluttered in, determined to get their man. But, from the South, three more helicopters were flying in hot. They were the Charlotte news choppers from television channels 6, 13 and 42.  Dashing flat out, the news teams were racing each other to get the first and best pictures of Flying Santa'. Each set of pilots and news reporters realized that a couple of seconds of Santa waving from a cluster of brightly colored balloons would end up being broad cast worldwide.  This was a big chance to make the network news!
The Channel 13 Eyewitness chopper was the fastest in the crowd, or maybe just had the craziest pilot. He whipped inside and made a wide right turn around Charlie so the camera man sitting on the right side of the helicopter could get an unobstructed view.  The State Police chopper that was barreling in from the West was forced to break off and let the dare devil news crew get its story. The Police made a wide left hand turn and circled around for another pass.
Next, Channel 42 Action News came in behind the Eyewitness chopper. The Action News crew cut off the State Police once again. Once again, it meant another wide sweeping turn for the authorities.
Coming in a third time, the Police chopper had a small window of opportunity to get to Charlie. However, the Police pilot held back. He was certain the NewsChannel 6 helicopter was about to fly right up his tail rotor!  And, he was correct to be cautious. 
As the State Police watched, the NewsChannel 6 chopper came tearing in so close we could see Charlie bouncing around in the rotor wash. Two more of Charlie's balloons floated free and not because he cut them.  By now, Charlie was descending awfully fast. Through the binoculars I could see he was tearing open the front of his Santa suit trying to get to the water bottles he carried as ballast.
Our original plan was for Charlie to open the stoppers and pour out the water if necessary, in order to gain altitude. But now, Charlie was grabbing the bottles and throwing them unopened as quickly as he could. He was close enough now that we could see some of these water bombs' exploding as they hit the ground below. 
Several minutes had passed with the helicopter chicken dance and now Charlie was almost on top of us. Apparently, the rotor wash gave him a push, or he hit a slightly faster air current as he descended. Either way, he was only seconds from the pasture where we were hiding.
Decoy Santa Maneuver! Toby ordered. 
Scampering back on the truck, I pulled at a tarp lying at the bottom corner of the bed, which revealed a mannequin we retrieved from a dumpster behind Jenny's Dress Barn. It was already decked out in Christmas red and white.  I simply handed it down to Thor. Then I jumped off the back.  Thor carried Mannequin Santa' and we all sprinted to the end of the pasture, just as Charlie returned to Earth with a thud.
Oomph! Charlie groaned, as he smacked down on top of Bogdon. They both went down, but the balloons quickly pulled Charlie up again.
That is when Toby caught Charlie from behind. I got his left side. Bogdon jumped up and took a position on his right. We all grabbed onto the parachute harness and held on tight.
Charlie yanked the quick release buckle on the harness. But he struggled trying to break free of the extra safety strap that was tied in the middle. As Charlie fought to untangle himself, Bogdon Peabody uncharacteristically yanked out a Buck knife and sliced through the strap with one quick thrust.  Charlie was free! 
As Charlie slid from the harness and fell to his knees, we held the attachment in place while Thor inserted the mannequin.  When Thor clicked the harness buckle, we were ready. (The mannequin did not need a safety strap.) 
Thor ordered, Release the decoy!

Six hands released the faux Santa and we jumped back. Like a rocket the hollow mannequin, much lighter than Charlie Sinclair, shot upward.  Within seconds Decoy Kris Kringle left the pasture behind.
The State Police helicopter had been making a landing approach on our position. But, seeing Santa was airborne again, the pilot gunned the engine and resumed the chase. In fact, all four helicopters took off after the decoy, while we ran and half dragged Charlie beneath the oak tree and out of sight.
For ten minutes we held our position. But, the helicopters did not return. The thwack, thwack, thwack just faded in the distance.  Finally, peeking out through the tree branches we spotted the decoy Santa at eight or nine thousand feet and floating briskly towards Morganton. He was sailing happily along  doing his job: taking heat off of us. 
**********

It was not that long a drive back to Granite Falls.  In fact, we had time to stop at a convenience store in Rhodhiss, where Charlie and Bogdon bought Slurpees for everyone. (Cowboy had cherry).  While Bog and Charlie were inside, Thor and I were out back stashing a Santa suit in the dumpster.
Later, we made it home just in time to catch some great shots of Santa Clause Charlie Sinclair on the news at five.   There was wonderful footage of Charlie hanging from his Christmas balloons and waiving to the reporters.  What a camera hog! 
**********

Two days after the parade we gathered in our main club house in the big white oak tree in Freddies grandparents back yard.  Freddie had a copy of the Granite Falls Gazette and the paper featured a full color photo of Santa and his elves on the front page.  When Freddie read the article out loud, we learned our Decoy Santa floated all the way to Tennessee where he made landfall in the middle of a rural church prayer meeting. I can only imagine what kind of prayer that those folks believed was being answered.
Freddie also read the official announcement from Mayor Horace Killjoys office.  From this day forward the holiday parade would have to do without Granite Fall's chief executive.  He was no longer choosing to participate.  Next year the parade committee would have to select an at large Father Christmas.  (Hopefully one with at least a morsel of the holiday spirit.)
Well, Project K for Kringle achieved all our objectives, our role in the escapade remained a secret, and we managed to elude the Sheriffs deputies and the State Police. So, Freddie Dunkleberger folded up the newspaper and placed it inside the old army footlocker in the center of the tree house.  Then, as Freddie snapped the drab green hasp shut and closed the page on another Ranger adventure, he Tiny Timed those immortal words. 

God bless us, everyone
**********


We Capture the Wampus Cat!

There is something about a campfire flickering under a starry night sky, that just makes you want to spin yarns and tell stories.  Maybe the fire takes us back thousands of years to our caveman days?  Or, maybe it just takes us back a century or two to a cowboy life spent on the open range?  Or, maybe its just that theres no TV around to watch?   For whatever the reason, this beautiful summer evening found all seven members of the Granite Falls Rangers seated around the campfire telling tales of wonder and fancy.
It was our first night of a weeklong camping trip, deep into the out yonder, where the Blue Ridge Mountains leave Tennessee and wander into North Carolina.   We were here on a scientific expedition: performing a population census of the Procyon lotor.  Thats a fancy way of saying we were out in the middle of nowhere counting raccoons.  
As far as I know, it was not like the raccoons are endangered or needed saving or anything.  There is no shortage of raccoons. Nor is there some raccoon plague or horde of raccoons terrifying the locals. So, I guess some scientific foundation somewhere had a lot of money and couldnt decide what to do with it.  One of the guys says, I wonder how many raccoons are up in the mountains?  And another guy says, I dont know.  Lets pay someone to find out.
Anyway, Thors older sister Hildagrune is working on her doctorate degree at NC State.  And, she applied for that research grant and those curious guys gave her money to count Raccoons in this stretch of Mountains.  And, since her brother and his friends work free and have their own night vision goggles, she invited us to come along to do all the leg work, while she crunches the numbers.
Of course, the Rangers jumped at the opportunity.  For four hours each day (or night) we hike around the mountains checking raccoon feeding stations, counting raccoon footprints and downloading the photographs from the infrared game cameras.   Then, for the other twenty hours of the day, we hike, we fish, we have enormous paintball wars and generally get into whatever mischief we feel like making.  And, this very moment, we felt like hanging around the campfire listening to scary stories.
Lucky for us, we were joined in our coon counting expedition by a real genuine chuck wagon cook: Hondo Yarnell.  Hondo was a wiry old coot with scraggly grey whiskers that covered a face as weathered as the old sweat stained Stetson on his head.  The antiqued cook favored the title dough puncher.  And, you could tell Hondo was an authentic cowboy cause his boots had plenty of genuine cow manure caked up around the edges.  
Hondo cooked out of the back of the multipurpose chuck wagon, where slept during the night.  During the day the wagon was his open air kitchen, where he created good hearty camp food and plenty of it.
We were also joined at the camp fire tonight by Hildagrunes boyfriend, Ty Renfro, and by Maynard Bart, a local mountain man who fancied himself an expert on this part of the Blue Ridge.  Ty met Mr. Bart this afternoon at the Three Corners General Store a couple miles down the valley, where he stopped to ask directions.   Mr. Bart offered to guide Ty up to our camp, mostly because he wanted to meet the bunch of city slickers trespassing in his mountains.
Ty was tall, blonde and needed a haircut.  With khaki pants and a colorful fashion sweater, he looked like he had just stepped out of an Old Navy commercial.  He was the kind of fellow who would get upset if he got mud on his topsiders.  So, I dont really think he was up here because he cared that much about raccoons.
Maynard Bart was a big man, course and dirty from a life lived outdoors.  He had a dark brown beard that hid most of his face, but you could still see a large dented nose and a double scar across his left cheek.  Mr. Bart seemed friendly enough.  But, for some reason I got the feeling he enjoyed intimidating people with his size and roughness.
Ty and Hildagrune got up from the fire.  Hildagrune explained.
Im going to give Ty a tour of our camp and we may walk up to the first feeding station at the bottom of the Ridge.  Has anyone seen my flashlight?
Here it is, said Toby, tossing over the aluminum tube.
You two ought to double check them batteries, Hondo suggested with a chuckle.  It would be a real shame if they were to go dead and you lost your way in the forest.  Why, you might just have to find soft spot where you could spend all night huddled together to keep from freezing.
I started to point out to Hondo that it was Summer and not likely to get cold tonight.  But, before I could add my two cents, Mr. Bart spoke up.
You really ought to take more than a flashlight.  You need some protection if you are going into these woods at night. This aint the city.  This is the wilderness.  You never know what you might find out there on a night like this.  Snakes?  Bears?  Who knows? You might even run into the Wampus Cat and then you would be in some real trouble.
In the shadowed firelight, I could see Hildagrune make her best Im a grown up woman and I am not about to let anyone tell me what to do face.  But, she offered a conciliator comment.
Dont worry about us, gentlemen.  We wont be traveling too far from camp.  To Hondo she added, And rest assured, that there wont be any all night huddling!
We were settled into a small valley field that butted up against a sheer cliff on the West and a forested strip backed up by a ridgeline over to the East. The couple walked off down the pathway leading over to the ridge.   They pretty much disappeared in the darkness as soon as they left the camp fire.  We could occasionally see the flashlight as they moved out of the clearing.  But, as soon as they reached the trees they were gone.
Back at the campfire, Bogdon had a question.  Mr. Bart? What was that you were warning Hildagrune about?  You mentioned something called a Wampus Cat?
Dont tell me you boys have never heard of the Wampus Cat?  Why the Wampus Cat is the meanest, scariest, deadliest creature to ever inhabit these mountains.  Yes sir, I would rather walk into a den full of Grizzly bears, than to meet the Wampus Cat on a night like tonight.
We drew in close to the fire.  This sounded like a good story was brewing.
Thor asked for more details, What is a Wampus Cat?  What does it look like?
Nobody is quite sure what the Wampus Cat is or where it come from, Mr. Bart replied.  But, there are plenty of stories of how it came to inhabit these mountains.  Some say it was an old witch that lived here 200 years ago who used to change into a giant cat to snatch her neighbors livestock and children.  One day her changing was interrupted by a posse of neighbors headed by the local priest.  To save herself, the old woman ran into the woods, unable to finish turning.  So, she is forever stuck as half cat and half human.
Mr. Bart threw another log into the fire and wiped his hands before he continued.
Now the Cherokees say the Wampus Cat was an Indian maiden who defied the tribal elders.  Instead of staying home and learning the female way, she would hunt the mountains wearing a cougar skin to hide the fact she was a woman.  Somehow, through an Indian spell or a curse from the elders, the cougar skin became part of her.  She became something that was not exactly human and not exactly cat.
About that time, Freddy snuck up behind Shad.  Grabbing Shads neck from behind, Freddy squeaked, Wampus Cat!
Shad was startled enough to fall forward and out of his camp chair.  But, he picked himself up and sat right back down  immediately after frogging Freddie in retaliation.
The mountain man ignored the squabble and continued with his tale. 
I dont rightly know which story is true.  Maybe neither? But, what I do know is something lurks in these mountains at night.  It hunts with the skill of a cat, but it walks upright with red eyes glowing like hot coals in the darkness.
Have you ever seen the Wampus cat, Mr. Bart? I asked.
Yes, boy.  I seen the Wampus Cat.  On a night like this, it was   I spent the day checking some traps on the other side of the ridge and somehow I let the night sneak up on me.  Course, I wasnt worried at first.  Id been on these mountains plenty of times after dark.  But, there was something different about that night.
We leaned forward, drawn in by his words.
At first it was just a feelin, said the Mountain Man.  But, then I heard the leaves rustle or a spotted bush moving and I knew I was not alone.  With my rifle in one hand and my hand axe in the other, I was trekking slowly down the trail.  And, then the wind changed and I smelled it.
You smelled it? Bog asked.
Thats right. I smelled it.  It had the musk of a skunk and that sweet sickly smell of something long dead.
What did you do then? gasp Bogdon.
I ran, boy.  I ran down that mountain.  Behind me I heard what sounded like the yowl of a panther, but I just kept running for all I was worth. I could hear those footsteps crunching through the leaves behind me and I kept running faster.  It seemed like a mile, but it could have been five.  I was so scared that time didnt seem to be passin.  Finally, I was plumb run out.  My chest was heavin.  My lungs was burnin. I could hardly move another step forward.  So, I lifted up my axe and I cocked my rifle and I turned around to face the thing.
The big man had our attention now and he knew it. 
 There it was.  Its eyes where glowing red.  Its mouth was open and moonlight gleamed off spittle and long deadly fangs.  It started walking forward  screamin bloody murder.  I did what any man when do when faced by this unknown terror. I aimed my rifle and fired.
Bamm.  Bamm. Bamm. One after another I pumped bullets into the Wampus Cat but it kept coming.  When I ran out of ammunition I swung the axe as hard as I could, but the Wampus Cat reached out with one hand and ripped it from my fingers.  I went for my knife  but, it was too late
We were gripped by his story!

Did you kill it?  Freddie asked.
Did you scare it off? Shad almost screeched.  
What happened? Bog demanded.
Mr. Bart waited as the suspense grew.  But then he matter-of-factly replied, Why, it killed me of course.  It ripped open my chest and ate my heart while it was still beatin.
Aawww man! we groaned as the old mountain man laughed out loud.  The old goat had gotten us good.
So theres really no such thing as a Wampus Cat? asked Toby.
The mountain man looked up and his eyes glowed in the reflected fire light. 
Now, Im not saying that boys.  The fact is Ive hunted these mountains everyday for over fifty years.  Theres things up there I aint never seen and I dont think I want to.  Ive heard the yowl on dark nights.  And, Ive found animals torn to pieces  not like no wolf or bear would do eatin em.  Something tore em apart just for fun.  And,  I have smelled a rank smell coming up over that ridge line.
His voice got spooky again.
Was it the Wampus cat?  Was it something even worse?  I dont know.  But, if I were you, I wouldnt be wandering around these mountains in the dark.  I dont know what you boys are getting paid to count coons  but you cant spend money if youre eat up.
We sat there pondering Mr. Barts words until Hondo got up and brushed off his pants.
Well, I hate to break up this little party.  But, a cowboy aint ought a stay up late if hes a working in the morning.  Breakfast is at 7 am sharp.  And, them biscuits aint gonna bake themselves.  So, I think we ought to tell Mr. Bart goodnight and turn in.
We said goodnight to Mr. Bart and he headed off down the trail towards town.  We had set up our tents earlier  so there was not much to our evening routine.  All we had to do was brush our teeth and crawl into our sleeping bags.  
I took a swig from my canteen, gargled and spit. Then I asked, Hondo? Do you believe in the Wampus Cat?
Course I do, answered Hondo.  And I believe in Fairy Godmothers, magical ponies, good honest cowboys and other miraculous creatures.
That night I lay awake in my bedroll for quite a while thinking about Wampus Cats and Raccoons and Cowboy cooks, before I finally drifted off to sleep.

Wake up, Jeep! Wake up. Somethings outside! 
My tent mate Toby was shaking me awake.  I did not feel like I had been sleeping long.  I was groggy and I had trouble getting up.  I opened my eyes and saw through the tent flap it was still dark outside.  Toby was beside me.  He was bent over and shaking my shoulder.
Get up, you pillow hound!  Somethings outside!
I suddenly snapped awake.  Is it the Wampus Cat? I gasped 
Not unless the Wampus Cat has engines, replied Toby curtly.  Now get out of bed and come see this.
I wiggled out of my sleeping bag and stepped from the tent.  It was dark outside.  With the fire died down to a few glowing coals, it was darker than when we went to bed.  It had also cooled down significantly.  I did not need to snuggle anyone  but I did want to stop and pull my jeans on.
Hurry, said Toby.  Its coming back for another pass and youre gonna miss it!
I gave up on the jeans and walked out of the tent in my underwear and flip flops.  The sky was so clear it seemed like there were a million stars shining down on us and I saw right away what Toby had gotten me up for.  Above a mountainside off to the North, there was a big black object blocking out the stars as it moved across the sky towards us.  I could hear the rumble of distant engines.
As it approached, it got bigger and much louder.  Its engines made so much noise the chuck wagon began to rattle.  
The aircraft showed no running lights.  But, suddenly it switched on a spotlight, illuminating another object in the sky in front of it.  The two objects appeared to be headed for a midair collision.  As the first object approached the second object the light gave us more detail.  The second thing appeared to be a sphere dangling at the end of a line stretching up into the darkened heavens.  
I grimaced at the last second, expecting to hear a crash or see some sort of explosion.  But, the two objects came together without much impact.  In fact, the spotlight switched off and the aircraft rumbled straight over us like nothing happened.  
The chuck wagon sounded like it was going to shake apart as the big engines came powering overhead.   I was vaguely aware Toby and I were no longer alone.  We had been joined our fellow Rangers.
Freddie, who can almost see in the dark, spoke up as the noise receded.  Its a four engine prop job, like a C-130.   Why doesnt it have its lights on?
What did it run into? asked Toby.  Was it an airplane crash?  Did something go down over there?
I didnt hear any crash and I didnt see any explosion, said Charlie.
Maybe we should get our night vision gear and go search for wreckage, I suggested.
I dont know what it was  but it wasnt a collision said Freddie.  It looked more like the big plane was trying to snag something out of mid air.
Just the same, I said.  Maybe we should go see what we can find.
I think we should wait until the sun comes up, replied Bogdon softly. I dont think we should leave camp right now.
Why wait? I argued.  Lets head out before trail goes cold!
Do you smell something? asked Toby.
What do you mean? I barked impatiently.  I was anxious to get out into the woods right now.  
But, then the wind shifted and I caught a whiff.  
I thought for a minute.  Maybe you guys are right?
Charlie made it official, Theres no sense going off half cocked.  Well get up in the morning, pack a few things and head out right after breakfast.
Toby and I went back to the tent.  But, the truth is we played Gameboy until the eastern sky started changing from black to grey.  About the time the high thin clouds started to catch the rising sun, we finally fell back asleep.  
By the time Hondo routed us out of our sleeping bags the next morning, the sickly sweet skunk odor was gone.

**********

Speaking of smells  it was the smell of Hondo frying bacon that finally got us out of bed the next morning.  We awoke to find him working over the campfire.  Bacon was browning in giant cast iron skillet.   In another skillet, he was making eggs to order.  An enormous Dutch oven covered with glowing coals was baking biscuits inside.  With plenty of fruit and juice and milk, it was a breakfast worth getting up for.
Eat up, boys, Hondo ordered.  We dont have no refrigerator.  Anything we dont eat gets thrown out for the Wampus Cat.
To Shad, that was like a challenge.   He grabbed a camp chair and a tin plate.             
Well my Mother didnt raise me to waste food, he said.  Pass me over some biscuits and some butter.  I want to cleanse my pallet.
With a pallet full of biscuits? Freddie snickered.
Soon, we all pitched in and helped Shad eat through a couple dozen eggs and at least two pounds of bacon.  
Shad was in rare form.  The mountain air seemed to have sharpened his already razor edged appetite. He crunched through the last few rashers. 
Hondo, is that all of the biscuits?
Hondo smiled.  He was clearly impressed by Shads ability to eat.  But, like every great artist, he liked to see his work appreciated.  
Boy, I think you finally cleaned me out.  What was that?  Eleven or twelve you ate?
Fourteen, Shad answered nonchalantly.  Fourteen biscuits, six eggs and a couple handfuls of bacon.  That ought a tide me over til lunchtime.  Now lunchtime, thats when I really get hungry.
Hondo shook his head in awe, I may have to wander down to the general store and stock up on a few things, then.  I wouldnt want you boys to have to walk away unsatisfied.
Hondo started organizing his post-breakfast routine.
Freddie, why dont you and Bogdon pickup them plates, scrape em off into the garbage and bring em over to the wash bucket.  Charlie, you and Thor come over to the wagon and give me a hand downloading.  I got me a floppy disk.
Charlie perked up, Do you have a computer in your chuck wagon, Hondo?
I aint got no computer, Hondo spit distastefully.  Ive got a big stack of firewood needs downloading off the wagon onto the ground. Id do it myself  but I got me a floppy disk in my back from chopping it all day yesterday.
Do you have a keyboard in there, Hondo? asked Freddie.
Sure do said Hondo.  Thats where I hang my truck keys.

Freddie continued, What about software?
Them dang plastic forks and knives and such?  Naw, I prefer the real thing.

A hard drive?
Gettin home in the winter when theres snow on the ground.

A micro chip?
That is what's at the bottom of the potato chip bag.

Re-boot?
What you do right before bedtime, when you have to go to the outhouse.

Freddie had met his match.  He smiled and shook he head in admiration. Then he turned his attention back to cleaning the breakfast plates.
As soon as Thor and Charlie finished stacking firewood, we packed up our hiking gear.  Then, we told Hildagrune we were heading out to check the feeding stations up North and took off down up trail.
It was a beautiful morning, still cool in the shade of the big hardwood trees. As we crossed over a couple of clear running mountain streams, we scouted out places to return to with our fishing gear.  We kept moving deeper into the mountains, occasionally stopping to check our GPS locators and home in on feeding stations.   Each feeding station was attached to a tree about four or five feet up.  It had a food bucket and a motion activated infrared camera.  When we arrived at each location, we checked for footprints.  We downloaded pictures from the memory card.  And, we refilled the food bucket with raccoon chow. (I bet you didnt know they even made raccoon chow.)   Whatever we found, Toby carefully recorded in his blackberry along with the time and date.
For two hours we followed a deer trail and hit four separate feeding stations.  Then, we climbed a small outcropping on one of the Northern mountainsides.  From there we had a pretty good view of the area below us, and we scanned for results of the midnight midair collision.  We couldnt see any wreckage or fiery crash sites or anything, so I concentrated for a few minutes listening for and sound of metal.  
There was lots of general background noise.  People had been camping in and traveling through these mountains for years.  The place is littered with old axe heads, horseshoes and broken plows.  The stuff is scattered throughout the area. But, when I listened intently and really focused I could narrow down two larger targets.  Facing our camp almost directly south, one target was west of the trail we had taken up the hillside.  The other target was coming from over a ridgeline pretty far to the east.
We decided to head back down the mountainside on a Southwesterly course.  This would allow us to check out the smaller target, while generally heading back toward camp.  It was already midmorning and Shads stomach was beginning to rumble.
After 30 minutes of carefully picking our way down the mountain we reached flatter ground.  Chopping through some dense thicket, we were making our way to a stand of pines when Toby spotted something.  
Hey guys.  Check out that pine tree over there.  The limbs are all torn off.
Following Tobys outstretched finger, we saw what he was talking about.  Twenty yards away was a large white pine with all the limbs on one side sheared off from the top down.  It looked like a giant with a machete had hacked off one whole side of the tree.
Scrambling over to the site, we quickly removed a stack of the fallen branches.  At the bottom, resting in a nest of pine needles was a shiny egg shaped object about the size of a large beach ball.
Thor grabbed it with both hands and pulled.  He lifted the object out of a deep oblong indentation in the earth and pine needle thatch.  Thor rolled it over so we could get a better look.
What is it? I asked.
It looks like a giant container of silly putty, Freddie observed.
Maybe its a bomb? Shad offered.
Bogdon and Toby carefully examined the object.
No heat shield, said Bogdon.
No scorching either, Toby observed. But, look.  Theres a broken handle.  Its probably where the cord was attached.
Yep, Bog agreed. Thats probably why the pickup failed last night.  When the handle ripped off the whole thing went into freefall.
Bogdon leaned over.  Here, give me a hand.
Together, he and Toby lifted the object off the ground. 
Its pretty light, Bog declared.  Its not hollow, but its not packed solid  like a bomb.
Bogdon slid off his backpack and searched through it.  He pulled out a portable tool set.   Lets pop it open and see if theres a prize inside.
While Toby steadied the object, Bogdon maneuvered his battery powered screwdriver. In seconds he popped off four screws from a metal panel and pried off the cover with the blade of his pocketknife.  He handed the metal plate over his shoulder without even looking back.  Since I was closest, I took it from him. 
Bog took out his flashlight and shined it inside.  
Electronics.  Circuit boards. Batteries.  Its all solid state stuff, but it looks like it took quite a blow when it hit the ground.  Everythings all jumbled up inside.
He stood up, turned around and addressed the club. 
I believe it is part of some sort of information gathering platform.  It does not show any signs of re-entry burns nor does it look like its built for outer space.  It is probably part of a drone, a spy plane or a UAV.
An SUV? Freddie questioned.  How would a sport utility vehicle have dropped that egg from the sky? 
Not an SUV, a UAV.  Its an unmanned aerial vehicle.  Its like a great big radio controlled airplane the military uses to spy on whats happening below.  Anyway, when its data banks are full, it drops one of these balls via parachute.  That way, it does not have to land.  It can stay on station and keep watching. 
Toby took over. 
Thats what we spotted last night.  The blacked out plane attempted to snag the line between the parachute and this thing.  But, for some reason there was a weak handle on the object that was yanked off.  The parachute was disconnected and this thing dropped out of the sky like a bowling ball. Toby pointed to the side of the tree, It hit the tree and snapped off every limb on the way down.  The good news is those tree limbs probably slowed it enough so it did not disintegrate when it hit the ground.  
Bogdon added, Well know more when we get it back to camp.  We can examine it properly there.
He held out his hand and I placed the cover into it.  Like the tire man on a NASCAR pit crew, Bog zipped those screws back in place. 
Meanwhile, Charlie took his machete and went to work on one of the larger broken limbs.  He hacked off the branches until he had a smooth strong pole.  Using some climbing rope and a rain poncho, we wrapped up the object and tied it to the center of the pole.  This allowed bearers, one at either end, to rest the pole on their shoulders.   
Taking turns on the pole, we lugged the big egg back down the mountain and found the trail that led to our camp.  It seemed pretty light when we started back to base, but the farther we went the heavier the thing seemed to get.  By the time we walked into camp and deposited the object in Bogdons tent, we were bushed.
As tired as we were from a morning of touch climbing and carrying the egg, when we got back to camp Hondo was ready with an amazing lunch that perked us right back up.  He grilled hotdogs over the campfire and used a huge black cast iron pot to deep fry cherry pies.  
Wow!  Hondos hot fried pies and cold sweet tea were worth the trip all by themselves!
After we stuffed down all we could hold, Thor, Shad, Freddie and I did KP duty, while Bogdon, Toby and Charlie got busy disassembling the egg.  Once everything was cleaned and put away, I headed back to my tent for a little siesta.  I was ready to sleep away the heat of the day and let my lunch digest.  
I guess the salvage trip took more out of me than I realized.  Or, maybe it was because I missed out on a lot of sleep the night before.  Anyway, I slept long and hard.  When I finally stirred it was the middle of the afternoon.
I wandered over to Bogdons tent and Bog, Toby and Charlie were still hard at it.  Several external plates had been removed from the egg and there were components and pieces of hardware spread out across a bedroll.  They were hard at it and there was not enough room for another body in the tent.  So, I wandered over to a shady spot on the edge of the clearing where Thor was working on his fishing tackle.
Are you thinking about wetting a line? I asked.
Yep. Yesterday morning, before the rest of you got here, Hildagrune and I put out some feeding stations North East of the camp.  Just this side of the ridge up there is a stream that spills into the clearest, sweetest little string of trout pools that youll ever lay eyes on.  The water trickles out of each hole and moves on down the mountainside.  I know there are some big ole brook trout in that stretch that are just waiting for us.  What about it, Jeep? You want to sneak away and try our luck?  Looks like the science team is going to be occupied all afternoon?
Thats what I came for, I replied.  Let me grab my gear!

**********

Heading up the trail to the North, it was a long steady climb.  Most of the way we paralleled the stream and at couple of spots I suggested we stop and try our luck.  But, Thor was persistent.  So, we kept moving up the mountain and closer to his brook trout Shangri-La.  It was nearly 5 oclock when we broke through a thick bunch of mountain laurel and there it was.   
It was clear and clean, just like Thor had described it.  The shallow and slow moving water was like a series of ponds, each isolated by a small waterfall.  It followed the curve of the mountain and stretched out of sight.  Each section was like a separate world to be fished.  There were sunny spots and shady spots.  There was underwater structure.  There were deeper holes and shallower, faster moving segments. If you sat down and drew up a perfect trout stream  this was exactly what it would be like.
It was not long before we had our lines in the water.  I was using orange salmon eggs and Thor had some sort of trout nugget he had seen on TV.  And, almost immediately we started getting strikes.  Slowly we moved up the stream casting to likely looking spots and almost every time some hungry little brookie took the bait.  
There was a creel limit of four each in this part of the state, but we could easily have taken three times that many.  And that wasnt counting the undersized ones that fought so hard they thrilled us almost as much as their bigger brothers.  

It was an amazing afternoon.  We werent fishing  we were catching!  And, the weather was beautiful.  It was just hot enough that we stepped into the stream and let the cool water fill our tennis shoes to refresh us.  For hours, the fish took everything we threw at them.  It was magical.  
Finally, with the sun going down and dusk approaching, we finally tore ourselves away.  We knew we had to get back before the rest of the club started to worry.  Besides, I had a couple of two pound brook trout in the canvas covered wicker creel I got for my birthday.   I could not wait to show them off to the guys. 
The light faded quicker than we expected.  And, walking back down the mountain and under the thick forest canopy very quickly it got hard to see.  We tripped over a couple of roots and walked into some thorny vines but we were still making good time.  We were about a third of the way to camp when we heard the snarl.
I call it a snarl.  It might have been a cross between a snarl and a yowl.  It was clearly loud and feline.
Thor and I stopped in our tracks and looked at each other.  Then we heard it again!  This time is was louder and closer. Without saying a word, Thor and I started double-timing it down the mountain.  
It was a long way back to camp but at least it was downhill.  So, we kept moving faster and faster.  Every couple of minutes we heard the snarl again.  Each time it seemed as close as or closer than before.  Whatever it was, it was clearly following us.  I had the unsettling thought that we were being hunted.
Every minute it was getting darker and harder to see.  Thor and I kept smacking into branches and hitting thorny vines that ripped through our clothes. But, we ignored the scrapes and slaps and kept moving. 
There is an area where the mountain flattens out.  The slope comes to an abrupt halt and the upper valley begins.  When we hit this section, Thor yelled, Were almost there.  
Calling on the last of our strength we speeded up our pace.  Suddenly, like hitting a bottom step by surprise, my knee locked up. I lost my footing and went sprawling out onto the forest floor.  When I tumbled to a stop, my hands and legs were scraped and bleeding.  My stuff was scattered everywhere.  I pulled myself up on my knees and without thinking I started to gather up fishing gear.
Leave it! Thor ordered. Lets get out of here!
Throwing down his pole, Thor reached over with both hands and pulled me up to my feet.  Together we sprinted for the tree line in the distance.  Behind us we heard one more snarl that seemed as loud as any that had come before.  We dashed from the forest and popped out into the camp clearing.  
Finally out from under the canopy, it was much lighter.  Night had not completely fallen.  And, there were still high orange streaks in the Western sky.  But, in front of us we could see the guys eating supper around the campfire.
Jogging those last few paces into the fire light, we arrived completely out of breath.  Bending over and grabbing our knees, we were too exhausted to do anything but gasp.  Our chests were heaving and it was a minute or two before we were able to talk.
Freddie spoke before we caught our breath. 
You didnt have to run home, he said.  We saved you some dinner.
I did not know whether to laugh or smack him!

**********

I thought the guys were going to make fun of us when we told them of our encounter with the Wampus Cat.  But, they were okay about it.  
Toby suggested the Wampus Cat might instead have been a mountain lion or a bobcat, since both creatures were known to pass through this area on occasion.  Regardless, he agreed that walking along in the dark with a creel full of fish was a bad idea with a large hungry feline on the loose.  
Since we had not smelt the creature, nor spotted any glowing eyes, Thor and I began to relax about the meeting.  By the time we finished eating dinner, we were ready to believe that it probably was just a mountain lion chasing a trout dinner.  Before we turned in for the evening, we made plans to head out bright and early the next day.  We would gather up our fishing gear and look for cat signs. 
I went to bed right after dinner, hoping that I would find my new creel in the morning.  It had been a long day and I was exhausted.  I fell asleep as soon as my head the pillow.  But, all night long I tossed and turned.  My dreams were filled with burning red eyes.  And, I ran and ran. But every time I turned around, the Wampus Cat was getting closer and closer.  I kept hearing that snarl and seeing those gleaming white fangs.  It was a relief when morning finally came.

**********


Puffy grey clouds covered the early morning sky when I rolled out of bed the next day.  I heard Hondo rattling around with the chuck wagon.  
While the rest of the team were still sacked out, I wandered over to the camp fire and started trying to build it up for cooking breakfast.  I reached down and picked up a piece of firewood and then I let it drop.  There was some kind of goop all over my hand where I touched the wood.  
I looked intently at my palm and then I sniffed it gingerly, trying to figure out what the stuff was.  As soon as I got it up to my nose I caught a strong fishy odor.  I looked back down at the wood pile. There were entrails scattered all around!  When I spotted a sliced up tail and part of a head, I realized it was the remains of at least one of the brook trout I had caught on the previous day.
Quickly surveying the camp and the tree line, I relaxed when I did not spot anything unusual.  I took a deep breath and told myself that probably some raccoon had dragged the fish into camp and consumed it for a midnight snack.  I went back to working on the fire.  I brushed off any visible fish parts from the logs as I fed them into the flames.  Before long I had a real blaze going.  I sat back into one of the camp chairs.  Thats when I spotted something hanging off the side.
It was my creel.
Whatever wondered into camp last night and devoured that brook trout, also carried in my birthday present. But, no raccoon would have gone to the trouble of closing my creel and hanging it neatly from the back of the chair!   Something else had paid us a visit.

**********

The Wampus Cat is not scaring us off this mountain.  I dont know about the rest of you guys  but I am sick and tired of being messed with!   
It was after breakfast; we had snuck off into the forest and sat down on a couple of fallen logs to have an official Club meeting. Out of earshot of Hondo and Hildagrune we were getting down to business.  The mood was angry.  Bogdon was speaking.  And, although people think he is kind of shy, this morning he was forceful.  His face was red and he was definitely on a roll.
Mr. President, fellow club members, up until now we have ignored the Wampus Cat because we thought that it did not exist.  But, clearly someone or something is yanking our chain and I refuse to sit by and continue being played the fool.
What if it really is a Wampus Cat?  Freddie asked.
Bogdon thought for a minute.
As Chief Scientist of the Granite Falls Rangers I can only answer one way:  So what?  So what if its a real Wampus Cat?  If we capture it well be international heroes.  Then we can give it to Hildagrune for study and shell probably make full professor.
Bogdon paused and let that thought sink in.
On the other hand, if it turns out someone is pretending to be a Wampus Cat because they enjoy messing with a bunch of middle schoolers   Well, they have picked the wrong bunch of middle schoolers to mess with this time!
Bog was on a roll now.
Mr. President, I propose a call to action.  I recommend that Company A of the Granite Falls Rangers set a trap for, and capture, the Wampus Cat for the purpose of scientific study and mostly because I am tired of being jerked around!
Second, second, yelled Freddie and Shad.
The motion carried unanimously.

**********

After the vote, we returned to the campsite and began setting up a warm reception for our nightly visitor.  The first thing we did was move our tents away from the fire.  In fact, we actually moved them some distance so they backed up to sheer rock face behind us that stretched up about 60 feet.  With that cliff at our back, it cut our defensive perimeter in half.
We spent a good deal of the morning chopping brush so we had clear fields of fire for our paint ball arsenal.  Each paintball marker was taken apart, cleaned and reassembled and we made sure every air tank was charged.  In the center of our line of tents we dug out a pit.  Of course, we could not dig it very wide or very deep in just one day, so we set up a heavy tarp weighted at the sides.  Using bent saplings we spring loaded the tarp to pitch over and trap anything that fell into the pit.
Toby begged a couple of old burlap bags that Hondo had in his chuck wagon.  He spent some time weaving them with twigs and twine.  At either end of the tents we dug two spider holes and these two Ghillie covers were perfect camouflaged tops.
After all the digging and weaving, we threw on our cut off shorts and headed over to the Ridge, east of the camp to check some feeding stations.   Back tracking our marathon run of the previous evening, we found our fishing gear right where we left it.  Boy, I was angry as I gathered up my stuff!  My palms and knees were scraped up and scabbed over and my back was bruised from the fall.  Every time I bent over it hurt and that just made me madder.  
We were all hot, dirty and angry.  We needed to take a break to clean up, cool off and get our perspective back.  So, after we gathered up our fishing equipment, we found a deep hole in the little stream with a clean rocky bottom.  It was not large  but boy was it cold.  It felt like the snow on top of the mountain had just melted and was trickling right down to us.  For an hour we jumped and splashed and had the best time ever.  
Charlie kept ducking under the water and swimming down to the bottom where it was coldest.  Before long his skin was white and his lips were blue.  He finally had to crawl out on a large rock slab nearby so he could shiver in the sunshine.
Freddie kept turning over rocks, until he caught a couple of reddish orange salamanders.  He named one Zach and the other Cody.  Shad built a little raft by weaving willow sticks together, but neither Zach nor Cody fancied the sweet life onboard it.  They kept diving off the raft and swimming like small orange alligators into the cold clear water below.  
The chill of the water was like an anesthetic for my scrapes and bruises.  I quit worrying about them and settled down to making a really excellent squirt pistol by cupping my palms and fingers together.  Soon, Bogdon, Toby and I were involved in a squirting war that I won hands down.  Once, they realized they were outclassed, my two opponents surrendered and all three of us ganged up on Charlie.  
He was laid out in the sunshine with his eyes closed and we kept seeing who could squirt water up his nose.
Refreshed, clean and ready to eat a horse, the Rangers finally headed back to camp.  My tennis shoes gurgled and splurted water as I slowly wandered down the same hill I had fled down the night before. 
I caught Thors eye.  No more running?
No more, he said.  From here on in we stand and fight!
Thor and I high fived with gusto.  Tonight was going to be different!

**********

Returning to camp, we found Hondo had a dinner laid out that was certainly up to his previous standards.  The menu consisted of venison slow roasted with onions, potatoes and carrots.  Hondo stirred up a nice brown gravy to top the meat and vegetables.  He also supplied a half dozen loaves of toasted garlic bread.  
Sitting around the campfire eating, Shad got curious. What is venison? I dont think Ive ever had it before?
Freddie couldnt wait to answer that question, Its deer meat. 
Deer meat?  You mean like Bambis mother? Shad asked.
Thats right, Freddie smiled.
Cool! Shad exclaimed.  Hey Hondo, can I get a piece with horns?
Like hungry grasshoppers we devoured everything Hondo put in front of us.  Then, he topped himself by pulling out an old crank freezer.  We sat around the campfire cranking out homemade Orange Sherbet that was made from genuine Orange Crush soda.  We all took our turns spinning the silver cylinder in the vat of salted ice and water.  When the sherbet finally hardened, Hondo appeared with a scooper and a large box of ice cream cones.  Everybody had at least three orange sherbet cones  even Hondo.  The sherbet was a cool end to a warm day.  After finishing up the ice cream, we cleaned up the dinner dishes.  We needed an extensive wash-up to get melted orange sherbet off our hands, faces and hair.  
Once everything was put away, we thanked Hondo for another memorable meal and headed for our tents.  But tonight, we were not heading off to sleep.

**********

Because Bogdon did not have a tent partner, part of his tent was being used as a storage area for the Club.  The insides of the Big Egg had been scattered about on the tent floor while Bogdon, Charlie and Toby studied them.  But, since we had more pressing problems this evening, we gathered all the high tech parts and put them into a large canvas duffle bag.  Plates that were removed from the egg were screwed back into place and we rolled the empty shell into the corner.
With plenty of space to work now, we unlocked our army surplus footlocker and started pulling out our night vision equipment.  The footlocker had a fresh coat of paint and was covered with warnings like fragile and electronics and the inside contained special padding for delicate instruments.  
In anticipation of this trip, we purchased some new top of the line hands free goggles.  These were the kind that strap on to your head and the optics stick out in front of your face like some insect apparatus.  Each eye is covered with its own eyepiece, but the two are joined in a Y-shaped connector to a single green night scope sticking out front.  We tested our gear and checked our batteries.  Then, each of us grabbed a semi-automatic paintball marker gun and dialed up the pressure for extra range and maximum impacting power.
One by one, we killed the lights in each tent and moved into our forward positions.  Thor and I were stationed in the spider holes on each end of our row of four tents.  We sat two man teams inside of tents 2 and 4.  The teams were Bogdon and Shad, and Toby and Freddie.  Of course we split Shad and Freddie up because we knew that together they could not stay quiet for any length of time.  Charlie manned tent 3, using a night vision scope with higher powered optics for extreme range.
The waiting was the hardest part.  Every ten minutes we had to respond to Charlies IM so he could be sure that no one had fallen asleep. By the time Charlie sent out the message marking our first hour on watch, I was getting pretty stiff in my cramped hole.  I began wondering if our nocturnal visitor was going to lay off for the night.  
Fifteen minutes later we caught some movement from the tree line directly across from the chuck wagon.  But it turned out to be a couple of large possums searching for leftovers.
As boredom set in, Bogdon and Toby started playing chess in their heads.  They sent out IMs for each move.  Shad started sending out knock knock jokes.  I was afraid that he might send something really funny that would make us laugh out loud.  But, I did not have to worry.  We did have stifle a couple of groans though.
Finally, after about two hours we got a visitor.
Movement at 10 oclock, Charlie IMed.  
I raised the cover on my hole a little higher and peeked out slightly left of center.  Sure enough, within a few seconds I could make out something large moving out of the trees towards our camp.  Whatever it was, it moved slowly and deliberately across the field.  It gave me a chill to realize that it was stalking us!   I was glad that we had taken the time to prepare an adequate reception.
The creature approached the glowing coals of the camp fire which provided us with enough ambient light to see detail.  It was large.  It walked hunched over on two feet.  And, then it turned in our direction.  We saw something that scared the tar out of us.
IT HAS THE HEAD OF A CAT!!!, Toby sent.
We watched the creature circle the campfire, and I began to wonder about the wisdom of actually confronting it.  Then I noticed something strange.  The Wampus Cat had a stick with something on the end of it.  He was pushing it into the soft ground as he moved.
Whats it doing? I broadcast.
Hes making tracks, Charlie Replied. 
The creature pulled something out of his back pocket and used it to rip up the canvas back of one of our camp chairs.  What was going on here?
The Wampus Cat started heading toward our tents.  With each step, it pushed its track-making stick into the ground.  It was halfway to our location when we got another urgent message from Charlie. FAKE HEAD! IMPOSTER! FAKE HEAD!
When the Wampus Cat approached within 50 feet of our position, I was able to make out what Charlie had seen.  The Wampus Cat was definitely a man wearing some sort of costume that appeared to be a skin with a stuffed Cat head on top.  
We got another message from Charlie. Get ready  
About 20 feet in front of our tents, the fake Wampus Cat stopped and put his hand to his mouth and let out a feline Snarl that I recognized from my previous encounter.  Then he reached into his pocket and pulled out something and started unscrewing the top.

NOW!!!
I popped the top off my hole and started shooting as fast I could pull the trigger!  And, I was not the only one.  We all came out firing and the Wampus cat was in our cross hairs.
We were using glow in the dark paintballs mixed in with our regular ammunition so it gave a really neat tracer effect as we fired.  I could see several trails of paint balls moving through the darkness, converging on our intruder. 
OW!            DANG!        QUIT!     STOP!
The creature was taking some heavy fire and quickly turned its back towards us.  Dropping the track-making stick, it ran around in circles looking for some cover.  The cat head fell off as he dived for the only bush in the area.  That, of course, was the bush that we placed on top of the pit we dug.
WOAHH!!!, he yelled as he fell face first into the big hole.  
Just like we planned the saplings that were bent back, sprang forward and threw the heavy weighted tarp over the top. And, we had caught ourselves a Wampus Cat.
All the commotion did not go unheeded throughout the rest of our camp.  I saw a light come on in the chuck wagon.  Within a few seconds Hondo came running over carrying a lantern and something else besides.
What in tarnation are you boys up to over here?  I swear it sounds like World War three startin up.
Toby had switched on a small battery powered lantern.  With the light it provided he was able to walk over and pick up the intruders discarded costume.  He lifted up what looked like a stuffed mountain lion head with an attached pelt.
We caught the Wampus Cat! Toby said triumphantly.
By this point, Thor and I had climbed out of our positions.  We joined the rest of the Rangers gathered around the pit where something was still struggling under the tarp.   As we pulled off our night vision goggles, I took a deep breath.  There was a terrible odor in the air.
Yuck, said Freddie.  What the heck is that awful smell?
Charlie reached down and picked up a small glass bottle.  
Trapper Bobs Skunk Essence, he read out loud.
Fake skunk smell.  Fake cat costume.  Im thinking you boys captured a fake Wampus Cat.  But, just to be on the safe side I better double click him.
Double click? asked Freddie.
Yep, Hondo replied.  That means I am gonna cock both barrels on my shotgun!
He moved over to the hole.  
Well, I guess we better let old Maynard Bart out of your Wampus Cat trap, Hondo said.
Thor, Charlie and I grabbed the ropes attached to the weighted canvas cover.  With a coordinated heave ho, we unwrapped our captive.  It was indeed Mr. Bart.
Howd you know it was him, Hondo? asked Shad.  Were you in cahoots with this pole cat?
No Shad.  I just put two and two together and got four.  Yesterday when I went down to the General Store for extra supplies, I ran into Bart here loading up 50 lb bags of sugar.  He had a least half a dozen he was putting into an old wheelbarrow.   I figured right then and there that he was making something up on that ridge that he wanted to keep us away from.  Thats why he pretended to be the Wampus Cat.  He was hopin to scare us off before you boys stumbled onto his secret while you were out fishing or counting raccoons.
What was he doing with 300 lbs of sugar?  Does he have a secret bakery? asked Shad hopefully.
Oh, he was cookin something.  But, it wasnt pies and cakes.  
Hondo paused and then he explained, When a man is carting sugar into these mountains, its a pretty safe bet that hes cooking corn liquor.
With his hands in the air, Mr. Bart climbed out of the pit.  The big man looked awfully sheepish after being caught red handed.  Paint balls splatters covered his hat and clothes.  His face and beard were also streaked with glowing yellow smudges.  In the first unexpected volley he had lost his grip on the bottle of skunk smell and spilled it all over himself.  He was ripe!
Standing downwind and staring into Hondos two barrels, Mr. Bart admitted that he was the Wampus Cat.  After apologizing repeatedly he alibied for himself.  
Im just a poor fella trying to make a living in these tough times. 
And you have a still up on the ridge? Where you make alcohol? prompted Bogdon.
Aye, I do.  But its mostly as a cure for rheumatism.  You could say its just a home remedy I make for myself and a few friends.
Mr. Bart pleaded with Hondo, You arent going to call the sheriff on an old man whos just trying to help his neighbors are you?
The way I see it, it aint up to me, Hondo replied.  These boys caught you.  They kin decide what to do with you.
While Hondo watched the prisoner, the Rangers huddled up for a quick meeting.  It did not take us long to decide Mr. Barts fate.
Charlie announced the verdict, As President of the Granite Falls Rangers, I can tell you that the club has decided to set you free  on one condition.
Whats that? asked Bart.  Ill do anything you ask.
Well, said Bogdon.  We want to see your still.
Of course Mr. Bart agreed to our request.  He told us the exact location of his still and the best way to hike across the ridge.  We told him that we would stop by tomorrow or the next day.  He was so relieved at being sat free; Mr. Bart even gave us the mountain lion skin he wore when he impersonated the Wampus Cat.
Thanking us again and again he walked off into the darkness, still glowing a little from multiple paintball splatters.  As he disappeared in the distance we gathered up our gear and took it back to Bogdons tent to put it away.
Hey guys, wheres the night vision footlocker? I asked.
I searched around the tent but it was nowhere to be seen.  
Its not here.
Toby looked up and added, Wheres the egg?
We were too tired to think straight and now we discovered the egg and our footlocker were both gone.  We were puzzled.  But, our bedrolls were calling, so we went to sleep.  It was the next day before we had a chance to sit down and contemplate what had happened. 
We reviewed the facts the next morning, and they were perplexing. We had last seen the footlocker and the egg right before we took up perimeter positions protecting our camp.  Seven sets of eyes with the finest night vision gear available were scanning the approaches.  No one fell asleep.  No one left their station.
Yet, someone or something had managed to penetrate our tightest security precautions, come into our tents and make off with two large and bulky items and disappear. 
We did not see them.  We did not hear them.  We had no idea who they were.
We adopted a spiral pattern as we searched for any signs of the intruders.  For two hours we examined the area, sometimes on our hands and knees.  We found lots of suspicious things but they all turned out to have been made by someone in our own group.   But, sometime around midmorning we caught a break.
Freddie was searching along the cliff face behind our camp and came across a definite foot print in a muddy low spot against the rock.  The foot print was new because some of the grass was still crushed down.
Charlie followed up this discovery with a particularly surprising clue.  He identified a muddy spot on the cliff face above. 
We have to accept it, Toby stated.  Someone repelled down that rock in complete darkness.  They snuck into our tents.  They located the egg.  Then they took the egg and our footlocker up the side of the cliff, in the dark, without being spotted or making a sound.
Maybe it was Mr. Bart, Freddie suggested.  Maybe he circled around after he walked off.  Then, he climbed the mountain and repelled down and found the stuff  
Freddie did not even finish his statement.  He realized halfway through that it was too absurd to contemplate.   There was no way the Maynard Bart could have done this.  Especially not in the 5 minutes between our letting him go and our returning to the tents.
Maybe theres a real Wampus Cat, Shad said.  Or maybe some other ghost lives in these mountains.  It has to be something, because I dont think a regular man could have done this.  Not in the dark.  Not without our hearing or seeing something!
Toby agreed. Shad is 100% right.  No regular man could have done this.  It is impossible.
So, do you think it was a ghost? I asked.
Well, said Toby.  Sherlock Holmes says When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. So, yes, I think we are looking for a ghost.  In fact, I think we are looking for a whole squad of ghosts.  Whoever did this is way outside of anything we have ever encountered.  They took the egg and when they realized we removed the insides, they took our footlocker too.  After all, it was labeled fragile and electronics and it was locked.
Charlie added, I bet they were surprised when they got the footlocker open and it was empty.
Yeah, said Bogdon.  But, that means they are probably coming back tonight for rest of it.
Well, how do we stop them? I asked.  How do you catch a ghost? 
Charlie smiled broadly and gave me a simple answer, The same way you catch Santa Claus, he said.  You hide under the Christmas tree.

**********

Our camp was already set up.  Our spider holes were dug.  Our positions were all ready to go.  So, there wasnt much preparation necessary for catching our ghost.  
Bogdon and Toby did set up one piece of juicy bait.  After studying the eggs insides for two days, they were pretty sure which part was the homing signal.  The crash to earth had jarred loose the battery connection and it was not broadcasting.  They reconnected the battery and it started beeping and blinking.  
As darkness fell, we polished off more spectacular Hondo Yarnell cuisine.  Then we retired to our tents and strapped on our night vision gear.  Thor and I returned to our holes and put our covers on.  The rest of the guys took up their positions inside.  Bogdons tent was empty except for the large canvas duffle bag filled with electronics.  The drawstring was left untied on the end and it emitted a barely audible beep.
Charlie IMed everyone  Eyes Front  No Peaking
We didnt have long to wait.  
We were deliberately not watching the cliff so we did not actually see the four man team come scaling silently down the 60 foot drop.  Of course, with their own night suits and intricate camouflaged paint they would not have been visible to the naked eye.
Silent as a panthers and as deadly as cobras, the mystery men unclipped from the ropes that disappeared upward into the darkness.  Their leader checked the small tracking device he was carrying.  Using only hand signals, he pointed his men toward the correct tent.  
With a practiced stealthy move, the point man peaked into the window.  When he confirmed it was empty  he used his hands to open up the small slit he had made in the back of the tent the night before.
The leader motioned for his two outside teammates to keep a sharp lookout.  Then he and the electronics expert slid into the tent through the entry way being held open for them.  Once inside, they pulled our footlocker in behind them.  The leader held up a dark grey tube and snapped on the filtered red flashlight beam.  He shined it on the duffle bag and motioned for the electronics expert to open it up further.
Freddie IMed us all Theyre Here 
Without a sound, the electronics expert looked inside the open end of the duffle bag.  His training stood him in good stead when he found himself staring into the pair of bright shining eyes that were peering back. In the dark green world of night vision, he could not know the eyes were blue and the hair was shocky red.  But, he could make out the ears that stuck out at a 90 degree angle that belonged to Granite Falls smallest Ranger.
Hey guys, said Freddie.  Whats new?

**********

I guess you really dont want to startle a trained killer.  Even if he is using restraint, at the very least he may wrap you up like a pretzel.   
Thats why we picked Freddie, our least threatening Ranger, to man our trap.  He is the smallest club member, but he has the biggest and friendliest smile.  He also fit into the duffle bag.
When Warrant Officer Charlie Estevez, USNA was startled that evening, at least his response was not lethal.  Hot damn and holy Bleep! the Seal Exclaimed.  Who the bleep are you?
And thats how the Company A of the Granite Falls Rangers met Seal Team Bravo of the United States Navy.

The mission of the Seal Team was, of course, to retrieve the insides of the big egg.  It was partly a training mission.  Rather than just drive up and ask if we had their Top Secret military hardware, they looked at this as an opportunity to practice their craft.  They were going to infiltrate our camp, grab the egg and sneak out unobserved.   It worked like a charm the night before.  But, they pushed their luck when they came back two nights in a row.  
The ghosts were made up of Seals from Team Bravos training or Green Team.  They were new to the Team and needed an opportunity to hone their skills.   The non lethal challenge of our little campsite seemed like the perfect time and place.  After all, the Seals saw we had prepared positions and were night vision equipped.  The missions were recorded by a telephoto equipped night vision cameras on the cliff above, for playback and critique when they returned to base.  (Incidentally, they had some great video of our capture of the Wampus Cat the night before.)
When Freddie IMed Ollie, Ollie In Come Free we came out of spider holes and tents to meet our visitors.  Hearing the buzz of ropes and pulleys we looked up at the cliff just in time to see four more Seals repelling down the rocky face.  The Seals training officer and the rest of the evaluation team were coming to our little makeshift party.
After introductions all around, we invited our guests over to the campfire.  Hondo was already adding a few logs to build up the blaze, so we removed our NV gear.  He brought out cold sodas and a cherry cobbler he had cooked earlier, in anticipation of guests.
We sat around the fire and debriefed together for about an hour.  The Seals training officer, Lieutenant Wong, explained the Seals operational plan.  Then, Charlie and Toby went over what we observed from their first mission and how we set our Santa Claus ambush.  
After dessert was finished, we got up from the fire and walked back to the cliff face.  The Seals buckled their harnesses onto the climbing ropes.  After getting a thumbs up signal from his team, the Lieutenant gave a short command over his radio.   Suddenly, there was a whirring sound and seven of the black clad figures launched up into the darkness, reverse repelling up the hill.
The Seal Lieutenant shook each of our hands and then rechecked the connection to his rope.  Finishing his preparations he looked back to us.
You know, he said.  Because of your ambush, there are going to be some red faces around our command for quite a while.
We did not mean to cause any trouble, Charlie apologized.  We just wanted to have some fun.
Dont apologize, boys. You did these new Seals a favor. They come to our Team feeling like they are invincible.  In our line, thats dangerous thinking.  I have spent the last three months trying to knock the smugness out of them.  You boys did it in one night.  I want to thank you for that.
Then he got serious. 
Seals have to be ready for anything. The next mission these men go on, if they walk into an ambush they sure wont end up sitting around the fire eating cherry pie.
The Lieutenant smiled, We always need good men.  Be sure and look us up when you get out of school.  
He spoke into his radio and just before the whirring started, he threw us a salute.  Then, his rope grew taught and he flew upwards into the darkness. 
That was the night that I learned to believe in ghosts.

**********

The final few days of our expedition were wonderful.  Each day we counted raccoons for Hildagrune.  Then, we fished and hiked and swam and played paintball and capture the flag until late into the night.  We also stopped by and visited Mr. Barts still.   
It was just the other side of the ridge from the trout stream.   He was proud as a papa as he showed off the big pot with its copper coil stretching up and over.  While we were there, he heated up a batch of sour mash and demonstrated how he distilled it into moonshine. Bogdon brought out a thermometer and began taking measurements that he recorded in his blackberry.  
Afterwards he and Toby went through some calculations with Mr. Bart.  As a result of this discussion, the moonshiner lengthened his coil and increased its angle for an immediate increase in the alcohol yield.
Mr. Bart gave us a sample of his work to take back to our laboratory in Granite Falls.  Toby and Bogdon were excited about the possibility of using it for some fuel cell experiments for next years Science Fair.  At the mountain mans suggestion, we also brought back a jar for Hondo to keep in his Chuck wagon, for medicinal purposes.
I have one question, Mr. Bart, asked Shad.  Did you make up all that stuff about the Wampus Cat? I mean the part about you hearing the snarl, smelling the foul odor and finding the shredded carcasses?
Honestly? Mr. Bard answered.   Ive roamed these parts for almost fifty years.  And yes, that story is real.  I have seen signs and heard things.   I am sure the Wampus Cat exists and I believe it stalks the the Blue Ridge.  I believe it may be the deadliest creature that ever roamed these mountains.
We stood quiet for a second wondering about the mountains and if there really was a Wampus Cat.  Toby finally broke the spell.  
I dont know if the Wampus Cat exists, Toby stated.  But, I do know Ive met some ghosts on this trip.  And, I think they truly are the deadliest creatures to ever roam the Blue Ridge or any other location for that matter. 
He paused for a second, Im just glad they are on our side.
And every single Ranger nodded in agreement - and smiled.


Rescue at Pickle Curve
A long time ago, I guess when I was in Kindergarten; Grandpa Gus taught me three simple rules for survival. He said when life sneaks up behind you and holds your head under water  these rules are your best hope to keep on breathing.  
1. Trust in yourself.
2. Trust in your friends.
3. Whatever else you do - Dont Panic! 
Oh. And, then there is point number 4 which is not really a rule, but more like a Cosmic Observation.  
4. When you get swept away in the uncontrollable flow over Niagara Falls, you might as well enjoy the view on your way down. 

***********

It was a beautiful Saturday morning in late spring, and the whole Ranger Club was taking part in Charlie Sinclairs latest community outreach initiative.  He volunteered us to spruce up the hiking trails in the more remote sections of Memorial Park. A reporter from the Granite Falls Gazette was supposed to come take our pictures for one of those Teenagers Doing Good Deeds stories that the paper likes to feature on the back page.  But, at the last minute we were bumped when a local Brownie Troop decided to have a hop scotch marathon to fight world hunger. (How are you going to compete with that?)
Anyway, our mountain bikes were loaded down with picks, shovels and other clean up items.  So, we rode them around the trails of Memorial Park until we came to an overgrown or washed out section.  Then we would dismount, gear up and attack the thicket or rebuild the road bed.
Team work was the key.  With only hand tools and elbow grease some of the sections we came across seemed awfully daunting.  But, working together, with all the Rangers pulling in the same direction, it was amazing how quickly the trail shaped up.  And, when we finished a section we felt a sense of pride that our blisters and sweat yielded tangible results.
The sun was directly overhead and wed been working for the better part of four hours.  There was a chilly fog when we started around 7:30 that morning.  But the mists were a distant memory now.  The temperature was climbing fast and we were hot, dirty and hungry.  We were already looking forward to calling it a day.
Charlie promised us that at noon we would pack up and the Club would pay for a trip to Wongs Golden Dragon for the all you can eat Chinese food buffet.  We couldnt wait to see the expression on Mr. Wongs face when Shad walked through door.  
Mr. Wong has a great appreciation for Shads ability to consume.  Once he spotted us walking down the sidewalk and pretended that Shad was Godzilla coming to eat Tokyo.  On another occasion he put out the closed sign and lowered all the window shades when he saw us walking by.  The last time we stepped into to the buffet line, Mr. Wong came over and handed Shad a candy bar saying, Here.  Ruin your appetite.
Charlie leaned on his shovel and pulled a red bandana out of his pocket and wiped his face. Well guys, I think we have done a fair mornings work. According to my count we have filled in three washouts, cleared half dozen fallen trees and cut back a boat load of overgrown scrub. Its time to call it a day!
We gave out with a grateful cheer.  Work was over.  We had given it our best shot and felt good about all that we accomplished.  Now we could finally relax.  Unfortunately, fate had a different plan in store for us. We were about to discover the reality of Grandpa Gus three simple rules  up close and personal. 
Ill never forget what happened next. That moment is still frozen in my mind like one of those giant Jurassic bugs preserved in amber. If I shut my eyes I can go right back there.  I can still hear the crash.  I can still see the pained look on everybodys faces.  I can still experience that sick feeling when the bottom suddenly dropped out of my stomach.
The funny thing is the sound was not really that spectacular.  From our position a quarter mile away, it was like somebody slammed a door really, really hard.  And the door slam was followed by a sound like a big metal garbage can crashing down a stairwell. Then, for what seemed like an eternity  but was probably only seconds  we heard the smashing and grinding of metal careening down the mountainside.
Finally, there was silence.  
It was a deep overwhelming silence and we just stood staring at each other with blank faces.  We struggled to absorb what just happened.  We recognized the only possible explanation for the noise we had heard.  But, I think we were too stunned to accept it.
Finally, Freddie gave a voice to what we all knew had happened. I think someone just drove off Pickle Curve. 

**********

Pickle Curve is a deceptively sharp bend on Mountain Trail Road, just Northwest of Memorial Point.  As you travel North on Mountain Trail, the curve is on a down slope just after a little rise.  You cant see over the rise, so the combination of the sudden turn and the quick decent comes as a real surprise.  It got the name Pickle Curve because in the early sixties a delivery truck for the Mt. Olive Pickle Company took the turn too fast and rolled over, spilling several tons of pickles all across the roadside.
For my whole life every time I ever heard someone speak of Pickle Curve they always finished with the sentence - Someday, someones going to get killed driving off that road.
So without consciously thinking about it, I was not surprised when the words just rolled out of my mouth.  I guess Todays the day.

********

Our Mountain bikes were the perfect vehicle to get us over to the accident site and we were there minutes after the crash.  We came tearing up an old game trail and we could see the wreckage lying off to the right just the other side of a patch of Mountain Laurel.  Charlie is the fastest cyclist and he got up the trail first.  He did not even slow down as he approached the Mountain Laurel.  If anything he speeded up as he left the path and plowed directly into the bushes.
Follow me guys, we heard him yelling.  Just blast on through where I did.  Theres nothing but a few branches in the way.
Thor got their second and he smashed through like a stunt junkie. I made it through in third place.  Toby, Bogdon, Freddie and Shad came through behind me in that order.
What we saw was not very promising. It was a small black four door sedan.  Now, it was a smaller black four door sedan. The top was pan caked down and the car was much shorter than it had once been.  It must have been traveling at a high rate of speed because it had careened a good hundred yards down the side of the mountain through some very thick brush.  We could actually see tire tracks running almost straight down the hillside for a good fifty yards.  At that point the car must have hit a boulder or a deep gulley because thats where it flipped and turned sideways.  From there it must have rolled over and over dropping several hundred feet in elevation.  It finally came to a stop against a massive white oak, upside down and with an avalanche of debris covering the up slope side. 
The cars radiator was still hissing when I got to the scene.  Charlie was already trying to get into a window.  He was leaning over, digging through the loose dirt like a dog.  With a rotating motion, he shoved his hands into the ground and spraying the dirt out between his legs.  It was not long before he removed the debris around the collapsed passenger door.   Getting down on his stomach, Charlie reached through the six inch opening that had once been much larger.
I can feel someone, he shouted out in excitement.  Hello? Hello?  Can you hear me?  Are you all right in there? 
We held our breath and prayed silently, until we heard small pained female voice.  Help us!  Please help us! Its dark.  I cant move.  I think my Moms hurt real bad.
Dont worry, Charlie assured her.  We are getting help.  Just hang on.
Please hurry, said the girl.

*******

By that time everyone had arrived at the crash site and we huddled up around our club leader.
We need to get help right now, Charlie commanded.  We must contact 911, and get a wrecker and an emergency medical team.  And, it looks like it will take the Jaws of Life to cut through the wreckage.
Bad news, Toby replied.  We are out in the sticks and behind a mountain.  My cell phone is not getting any signal at all.
Without missing a beat Charlie made a presidential decision.  
Someone is going to have to go for help.  Thor, youre the fastest.  Do you have your cell phone with you?
Right here, Thor responded holding it up.
Good, said Charlie.  Take your bike and push it up the mountain to the road.  I know thats almost impossible terrain.  But, you are going to have to do your best.  Lives are depending on you  When you get to the road, see if you get a signal.  If not, then youre going to have to bike your butt down the road towards town.  Then, after you make contact, ride back to the curve so you can direct the rescue party to our position.
Now go! Charlie said, slapping Thor on the back.
Thor never even hesitated.  He ran over and picked up his heavy mountain bike.  Holding on to the handles with two hands he pushed it on a diagonal, full speed up the hillside.  Within seconds he crashed through another set of Mountain Laurels and disappeared into the brush.
You realize it could easily be an hour before help arrives? said Toby.
And, it could be another hour cutting into the wreckage to free the victims, Bogdon added.
Do you guys have a suggestion? Charlie asked.  Cause right now, I cannot think of any way that the six of us can manhandle that car back over on its bottom.
Well, said Toby.  I think Pythagoras said Give me a lever long enough and I will move the world.
Shad interjected, Actually, Archimedes said that.   And, it would work. But, we would need at least a 20 foot steal lever to get that car over.  And theres nothing like that lying around here.
What about block and tackle, asked Toby?
If we had four pulleys and some strong rope, I think have enough muscle power, Bogdon surmised.
I have an idea how we might be able to get some steal cable, I suggested.
If you can get the cable, maybe we can rig up some pulleys, said Charlie.
Freddie suggested, You know, theres that old cedar choppers cabin about a quarter mile north.  Maybe we can find something useful there?
Good idea, said Charlie.  Freddie, you and Shad head over to the cabin.  Bring back a crow bar, rope, medical supplies.  Anything that looks like it might be remotely useful, bring it with you.
Charlie continued, I dont have to remind you that time is of the essence.  Be careful.  But, be quick!  Toby, Bogdon and I will stay here and work on our pulleys.
Now, lets go! Charlie ordered.  And we broke up our circle and each went about our assigned tasks.
Just a minute, Shad, I said before he and Freddie could rush off.  Have you still got those leftover fireworks in your saddle bags?
Yeah, Shad replied.  Ive been have been hauling them around since New Years. Are you going to try and use them to signal for help? 
No, I replied.  But, I may need them to help cut some cable.
I dont know how you are going to do that.  But, you can have them if it will help.
Shad unsnapped the saddle bags from the back of his bike and tossed them over.  Then he and Freddie mounted up and road off.  They quickly disappeared into the forest to the North.
I threw the saddlebags over my shoulder and ran over to my bike and unstrapped my Pulaski axe. With the axe and the fireworks, I jogged off on foot climbing strait up the mountain.

********

I think I am in pretty good shape for an average kid.  I mean, I am tall and trim and I get a lot of exercise.  But, trying to run up that mountain was a bitch! (Pardon my French.)  I remember just trying to keep my feet moving.  I held onto my equipment with my left hand and with my right I kept grabbing limbs and roots and bushes.  I grabbed anything I could get a hold of to pull me up  or in some cases keep me from falling back down.
It was not long before I was huffing and puffing.  But, I just kept moving.  And under my breath I was praying the whole way.
Once, about five feet up a steep rock stretch the small bush I was holding on to came out of the ground in my hand.  Luckily, it was only a five foot drop to a nice strong ledge. Thank you, God!
I was scratched up and dirty by the time I made it up to Mountain Trail Road.  But, I made it.  
Immediately, I headed south along the road, up to Pickle Curve.  I got there just in time to see Thor pushing his bicycle up the last sharp cliff face to the road.  I dropped my equipment.  With my left hand I grabbed onto one of the timbers sunk into the ground for the restraining rail.  With my right hand I stretched out and grabbed the front wheel of Thors bike.
Pulling with all my might, I hefted the bike up those last few feet onto the road.  As I strained, I could not help marveling that Thor climbed straight up carrying the blasted thing.  Thor is a horse!
Once I got the bike up, I held out my hand and brought Thor over.
What are you doing here? he asked.  Did Charlie decide I needed help?
No, I replied.  Im just up here scavenging.  I came up to see if I could find some rope or cable.
Oh, he said.  Thor quickly lost interest in me and pulled his cell phone out of his pocket.
Damn! he cursed, Still no signal. Thor looked over.  Id love to stay and chat, but who knows how many miles I will have to ride before I can use the phone.
Thor hopped onto his bike, threw me a salute and took off down the road.
Thanks for the hand, He yelled back over his shoulder.  Then, Thor kicked it into gear and disappeared around the curve.
Taking that opportunity to survey the roadside, I saw was that half of the first guard post had been ripped right off.  Not only had the driver missed the curve, she had missed it by a mile!  I looked across and saw there were probably twenty five posts arranged to keep cars from going over the side.  Several had been hit in the past.  There were gauges and scrapes in a couple toward the middle of the curve.  If the black sedan had hit in the center of these restraints there is no way it would have gone over the edge. But, she missed them completely.
But, I did not have time to do a crash investigation just now.  I needed cable fast.  And, there was some right in front of my eyes.  Each one of the wooden guard posts had a hole drilled through the center and a heavy woven steel rope ran through the middle.  Of course, the question was: could I chop through steel cable that was strong enough to stop an automobile? The answer was obviously no.  But, I had a secret weapon.
Without wasting any time, I dug through Shads stash of fireworks.  There were plenty of firecrackers, smoke bombs and some rockets that I know for a fact are illegal in this state.  But, I was not interested in those. Digging to the bottom, I pulled out packages of sparklers.  They were what I was after.
As quickly as I could, I removed the sparklers from a box.  Hurrying over to the cable fastened to the last guard post, I wrapped the sparklers one by one.  They did not bend easily and in some places they cracked and the magnesium powder flaked off.  But, I was hopeful that I still had enough to do the job.
Reaching back into the bag, I pulled out the long handle barbeque lighter that Shad used for setting off his pyrotechnics.  I struck the lighter and held the end up against a sparkler.
At first nothing happened.  But finally that one sparkler began to spark and spit.  Soon the other sparklers ignited where they intersected with the first one.  Before I knew it, the entire group of sparklers was burning white hot - between 1800 and 2000 degrees Fahrenheit.  
Burn, you son of a gun! I yelled.  And, I picked up my Pulaski axe and got ready.
I was pretty sure that even at these temperatures it would not burn through the cable.  But, I hoped the heat would weaken the cable just enough.  As the sparklers burned, I saw the cable getting red.
Aye Yow, I yelled!  
In one quick motion I brought the sharpened steel axe blade down on the cable. I felt the blade bite deep into the weakened wire.  
It went more than halfway through!
Quickly, I bent the cable down the side of the post exposing the remaining steel threads.  I began whacking the wire again and again, in a blind fury. After about ten solid whacks  the cable parted. So, I ran to the other end of the curve.  Pulling the cable hand over hand through the holes in the guard posts, the end finally popped through. I had close to a hundred feet on the ground in front of me.
Getting out the rest of sparklers, I wrapped the other end of the cable.  Once, again I ignited them with the lighter and once again they burned white hot.  Then, with adrenalin pumping through my veins, I uncorked a powerful lumberjack swing. And, I missed completely!!
Damn! I cussed.
But I pulled the axe back over my shoulder and with both hands I took the hardest swing yet. This time, I did not miss.  In fact, this time the steel axe blade sliced deep and severed the entire cable.
Coiling the steel cable over my shoulder, I grabbed my axe and stepped through the now open space between two guard posts.  
Geronimo, I yelled, as I jumped off the road and onto the steep slope running down the mountain.

********

It was a lot faster going down the mountain than it was climbing up and in what seemed like no time at all, I was back at the crash site. I returned to find Charlie on his stomach, talking through the collapsed window.  What he was saying?  What do you say to someone in a case like that?
Toby and Bogdon were working vigorously on their bikes.  They had removed the rubber tires from all four wheels and were now attempting to figure out how to lash one bike upside down to the top of the car.
If we just had a hole in the bottom of the drivers door right about here, wished Bogdon.  Does anyone know how we can drill one with?
I let the coiled cable slide off my shoulder, down my arm and onto the ground.
You need a hole? I asked.  Stand back.
Once again, feeling like Paul Bunyan, I grabbed my Pulaski axe with both hands and swung like John Henry.  The blade dug into the car door.   It went in so deep, I had to struggle to free the axe.
Toby and Bogdon stood open mouthed.  I had taken them by surprise. But, Toby quickly regained his composure and moved in to examine the door.
Thisll do, he said.  There are some steel supports under the sheet metal, but Jeep managed to come in between them. He looked up at me.  Good Shot, Jeep! 
At that moment there was some crashing from the other side of the bushes.  Suddenly, Freddie and Shad came sliding out.  Freddie gave us an update.
The cabin was picked pretty clean.  But, we did find an old first aid kit.  Maybe it will be of help.  We also found plenty of rotten rope and lots of garbage but no crow bars.  Shad grabbed an old inner tube in case we wanted to cut it up and make some fasteners.
Toby examined Freddie and Shads spoils.
Great work, said Toby.  That first aid kit could be a godsend if we can just get them out of there.  And, dont cut up the inner tube just yet.  Jeep found some cable we can use instead.  Besides, I have an idea how we might use it later.
Freddy, Toby continued, you are the best climber in the bunch.  Do you think you can shinny up this oak to that first big branch?
Freddie looked up to the branch that was probably about twelve or fifteen feet up. I can try, he said.
Freddie really is a human fly.  But, unfortunately, he did not have his climbing spikes with him.  He had to get traction by digging his fingers into the bark of the tree.  After several tries, the highest he got was about nine feet.  We were at an impasse.
Ive got an idea, said Shad.
With a determined look on his face, Shad walked over and picked up the coiled cable. Hand me that backpack, he said, pointing to the bag at Bogdons feet.
Bogdon picked up the knap sack and handed it over.  Then, Shad tied the cable end to the knapsack.  With the cable in his left hand, he began to twirl the backpack in his right like a cowboy would swing a lariat. Suddenly, Shad released the backpack and it sailed up and over the oak trees lower branch.  With a firm grip on the cable, Shad lowered the backpack down the other side of the branch.
Freddie grabbed the backpack, untied the cable and made a loop.  After testing the knot, he slipped the wire over his shoulders and under his arms.  Pull away! Freddie ordered.
Shad took a firm grip on the cable.  Then, he turned and walked away from the tree.  In one smooth motion, he raised Freddie up to the huge branch.  Like he was part monkey, Freddie scampered up over the branch and took a seat.  Then, he untied the knot and slipped cable back over the limb.   
Shad lowered the cable again.  This time, Toby and Bogdon fastened one of the tireless bikes on to the end.  Shad pulled the bike up to Freddie, who untied it and lashed the seat of the bike to the bottom of the limb.  Freddie used the mountain bikes detached inner tubes to secure it into place.   He wound the tubes around and around the limb at least ten times.
I sure hope it will hold, said Freddie.
It will, said Bogdon confidently.
Why are you so sure? asked Toby.
Because it has to, Bogdon replied.
The four bike tires would function as four separate pulleys.  Tying one end of the cable the tree limb, we looped the cable down over the back tire of bicycle attached to the car.  Then, we pulled it back over the rear tire of the bike in the tree.  Then, we dropped the cable back down and around the front tire of the bicycle fixed to the car.  Finally, we repeated the looping through the front tire of the tree bicycle and Freddie slid down the piece of cable hanging free and returned to the ground.  He had done his part.
We had just enough cable left to tie around a three foot long oak branch, we policed up from the crash site.  The branch enabled us to all grab onto a section and pull together.  It dangled like a crossbar about 5 feet above the ground.
Our four pulley block and tackle was all set. Theoretically, if everything held together this would multiply our pulling force by a factor of four.  With 250 lbs of force we could lift a 1000 lb object.  Of course, in this case we were not trying to lift the entire car off the ground.  We just wanted to pull one side up so we could push it back over.
Conference Time, said Toby.  Huddle up guys.
We formed a circle around Toby and listened carefully to what he had to say.
This could be real dangerous.  If a cable snaps or a bike rim gives way, we could be seriously hurt.  So, my question is, are we going to go through with this?
Charlie responded, I promised Mandy we would do whatever we could to help.  (Charlie must have found out the girls name while I was climbing the mountain.)  He continued, I cant tell how badly her Mom is hurt.  But, its a cinch that she needs medical help immediately. Unfortunately, I havent heard any sirens.  And, even if they got here right now, it could still be hours before they can get down the mountain and cut her out.  Its a risk, said Charlie. But, I say lets do it.  
Charlie stuck his hand in the middle of the circle. One by one, the rest of the Rangers put our hands on top. We were all in.
Rangers, on three, said Charlie.
One
Two
Three
RANGERS!!!
As a group, we walked back to the cable.  Shad stepped up and put his hands on the branch like he was going to do pull ups.  
Slowly, warned Bogdon.
Shad began to apply his weight to the limb.  The cable grew tight and the bicycle wheels creaked and moaned.  Then he lifted his right leg off the ground. Nothing happened.
Then, Shad lifted his left leg off the ground. There was more creaking and moaning, but still nothing happened.
Bogdon and Toby walked over and took hold of the limb.  Bogdon was on Shads right side and Toby was on his left.  They began applying their weight. There was more groaning and creaking.  But, nothing happened until little Freddie walked up and put his hands on Shads shoulders.  Then, he climbed up Shads back like a monkey.
Its moving! shouted Charlie.
Charlie and I hurried over to the passenger side of the car and put our shoulders against the metal.
PULL! yelled Shad.
Everybody groaned. As the cable lifted up on the side of the car, Charlie and I pushed with our legs. And, the car began rising up on one side. It moved slowly at first.  But then it picked up speed.  
Now it was a foot off the ground.  Now, it was a foot and a half. Now two feet!
As the car came up, Charlie and I got more leverage and could exert more force against it.  This made it come up faster.  But, we both knew if the pulley gave way now  it would fall and crush our legs!
One, screamed Charlie.
Two, he yelled.
Three!
HEAVE!
We pushed and pulled with all we had in us and sure enough that car straightened all the way up on its side.  Then, for a second it seemed to be in balance.  And then it began to lean over.

BAMMMM!

The car fell back over onto its wheels. Because, there was a pile of debris under the wheels on the upslope side, the flattened car was not perfectly level.  Plus, that side was also sloping up the hill. But, the vehicle was right side up.
Charlie rushed to the window, Mandy?  Mandy are you okay?  
Im okay, replied a scared little voice from within the vehicle.  I am right side up and I can see light coming through the cracks.  Can you get us out now?
Dont worry, Charlie reassured her.  Were working on it.
Charlie walked back over to where we were standing. Do any of you guys have any more genius ideas?
Shad replied, If we had a giant can opener, we could cut that roof open. Once more a 20 foot steel lever would come in handy. 
Of course we did not have a giant can opener.  Nor did we have a 20 foot steel lever.  So, we just stared at each other.  At least until Freddie suggested the obvious solution that the rest of us had not even considered.
Maybe theres a jack in the trunk? he said.
Charlie hurried back to the car.  Mandy?  Do you think you can get your Moms keys out of the ignition? We need them to unlock the trunk  so we can get the jack out.
I dont think so. The roof has her pinned pretty tightly. But, if I can find my purse, I have my set of keys in it.  A few seconds later she announced, Here it is. I think I can slide it through this small opening.
The brown end of a small clutch purse stuck out the window.  Charlie grabbed it and tugged.  He had to slide it back and forth several times, but he finally got it out. Charlie brought the purse around to the back where we waited behind the trunk.  He snapped it open and pulled out a set of keys.  Working quickly he began trying them one after another until he found the right one.
Got it! he said as the key turned. 
But, the trunk was stuck shut.  At least it was stuck until Shad pulled a spade off his bike. Shad stuck the blade in the trunk opening.  When he threw his weight against the spade  the trunk lid popped up like a bagel in the toaster. While removing the spare tire and the jack equipment underneath, we heard the first cheerful sounds of sirens and emergency vehicles in the distance. 
Thor had gotten through.  We knew he would.
At that point we were feeling pretty hopeful  until we tried to put the jack beneath the crumpled roof.  It was too tight a fit.  The roof was crushed backwards and down.  The clearance was still a couple of inches too tight for the jack.
My turn, said Toby.  
Toby picked up the inner tube Shad and Freddie had brought back with first aid kit. When he pulled out his Swiss Army Knife, I thought maybe he was going to puncture the tire.  But, instead, he used one of the blades to let some more air out of the partly deflated tube. After a few seconds, Toby slid the collapsed inner tube into the space between the cars rear window area and the roof.   Then Toby held up a can of FIX FLAT that he had found in the cars trunk.
I am making a pneumatic jack, He announced to the team. 
Toby connected the FIX FLAT to the rubber inner tube and pressed the button. The inner tube began to re-inflate.  At first it just spread out between the roof and the rear window ledge.  But, then an amazing thing happened.  The tire expanded upward and began to push the roof up with it.
Thats plenty! Charlie exclaimed.  He had been holding the jack stand against the opening for a measurement.  Clearly, there was now plenty of room to slide it in now.
Toby flipped out another blade from his knife and began stabbing the tire.  It did not take long before it deflated again.  It also began to bleed the sticky green goo that must have been in the FIX FLAT can. As soon as we pulled the tube from the window, Charlie jammed in the jack stand.  He attached the long handled bar and began turning the screw.  We were lucky enough to catch a steel cross beam in the roof and a fairly solid spot on the rear window ledge.  Slowly and surely the roof began rising forming a tent like V. The roof rose up to about a foot while Charlie turned the lever like a maniac.  But, it was not long before he started to tire. 
Toby realized it was time to switch, Charlie, let Shad and Jeep take over.  You go check on the girl. 
With some reluctance, Charlie stepped back from the jack and began massaging his palms like they were cramping up. Meanwhile, Shad took up position on one side of the handle and I stepped up to the other.  He grabbed the outside section and I took the inner part.  And, we began turning in unison.  He pushed and I pulled.
It was tough going, but together we raised the center of the roof up to about two feet. Finally, Toby stopped us.  Unhooking the handle and spinning the jack back down, he pulled the base out and spun it down some more.
The roof of the car was raised up in the middle.   Next Toby placed the jack base down on an outside section of the roof that was still smashed down.  Shad and I took turns on the jack again. This time, raising the roof seemed a little easier.  But, we were huffing and puffing before we had this section all the way up.  But finally, we had a crawl space big enough for someone to squeeze through.  
Charlie called through the opening, Mandy.  Can you lower your seat all the way and slide out through the back?
Ill try, replied the voice.  But, Im having trouble moving my left arm.
We heard a thunk and a cry of pain as the seat flopped down hard.
With the light coming through the crawl space we could see the girl on top of the completely reclined head rest. She was flat on her back and looking up at us.  Her face was covered with blood and dirt and she was in obvious pain.
Reach out your good arm, ordered Charlie.  Well help pull you through.
Slowly the right arm extended and Charlie squeezed in to reach it.  When he got a firm grip he started backing out.  The rest of us grabbed onto Charlie and pulled.
Easy does it, Charlie ordered, as he guided the girls torso through broken glass and sharp metal edges.
Slowly and carefully, she came sliding out of the car backwards.  A dozen hands were helping and as she emerged from the crawl space we lifted her over the trunk.  Carrying the girl over into the shade of another large oak tree, we gingerly sat her down on the ground.
For the next couple of minutes Toby and Bogdon checked over our victim.  First, they called for water. Then they confiscated all the bandanas we had brought with us and used them as washcloths and for a make shift arm sling.  After cleaning up some lacerations, they bandaged the girls left arm.  There was no doubt she had a significant fracture.
Let me sit up, she insisted.  Then, against Toby and Bogdons advice, she struggled to a sitting position and we finally got a good look at her.
Thats Mandy Jo Ellsberg, Freddie whispered in recognition.  Shes head Cheerleader at South Caldwell High and I think shes Thors cousin!
Speak of the devil and up he jumps, Charlie replied, pointing up the hill.
Movement caught our eye and we realized it was Thor slogging down the hillside with a couple of EMS guys following closely on his heels. Before long, EMS and Fire crews made their way down to the crash scene.  They gave Mandy another thorough once over, splinted her arm and used an immobilizing sling that held the appendage close to her body.  
We explained to the fire captain how we righted the car and pried up the roof.  He was impressed almost to the point of disbelief.  But, the bicycles, the steel cable and the jack stand were proof of our exploits. After examining remains of the sedan, the Captain decided to try and remove Mrs. Ellsberg, (Thors Aunt Judy) out the back window  the same way that Mandy Jo had come through.  But, first they needed someone small to climb inside the wreck and attach a brace that would immobilize the victims neck.  Of course, Freddie Dunkleberger volunteered for the job. 
Fearlessly, our little friend scrambled in through the collapsed window and applied the brace.  Then he gently lowered Mrs. Ellsbergs seat into its fully reclined position and secured a rescue harness under the womans arms.  This allowed the rescuers to be pull out of the car.
Minutes later Mrs. Ellsberg emerged she was still breathing; barely.  The EMS guys said she had a collapsed lung putting pressure on the heart.  So they inserted a very large needle directly into her chest to relieve the pressure.  (Thats when Shad passed out.)
Mrs. Ellsberg was stabilized  but it was obvious that she needed to get to the hospital quick.  And, there was no time to try and lug her back up the mountain.
Is there a clearing around here? asked the Fire Captain.
Down this game trail about a hundred yards theres a small meadow, replied Charlie.
Then, Im calling in the LifeFlight Chopper.
While the fire chief called for the helicopter on his radio and the other rescue workers secured Mrs. Ellsberg into a sled, we raced down to the meadow with our brush clearing gear.  For the next twenty minutes we hacked and chopped and expanded the clearing the best we could.  We did not quit until we heard that welcome thump, thump, thump of the LifeFlight helicopter.
About that time, four firemen came walking down the path, each holding on to a different corner of the rescue sled.  We helped them spread out bright orange signal panels for the helicopter pilot to line up on.  
After one set up pass, the pilot made an approach against a light wind that was blowing in from the East. It was a tight fit.  And, it took a long time for the helicopter to lower itself into the clearing.  But we realized that if the chopper slammed into a tree it would not do anybody any good.
Finally the helicopter was down and the firemen loaded Mrs. Ellsberg onboard while Thor helped his cousin Mandy onto the aircraft.  Suddenly, the pilot hit the gas and we quickly stepped back out of the way.  Instinctively, we ducked beneath the rotors, while covering our faces against the dust and debris kicked up by the wash.
As the helicopter lifted off, all seven Granite Falls Rangers stood besides the clearing and waved goodbye.  Then suddenly it was over.  
What may have been the worst and the finest hour of our lives came to an abrupt end.  And as the adrenalin began to wear off, we were hit by a wave of exhaustion. Staggering back up the trail to the crash scene, it was all we could do to flop down in the shade of the big oak.  As we sat there recuperating, the EMS guys checked us all to make sure we were okay.  But, aside from some cuts and scratches from broken glass and scrub brush, we were fine.
After we got checked out, the firemen helped us load our equipment on to our remaining bicycles and we sat off down a deer path to one of the hiking trails we repaired earlier that morning.  Several of the rescuers accompanied us, deciding it was easier to walk out to Memorial Park than to try and climb back up the mountain.
When we got back to the parking lot, we were met by a large group of rescue vehicles.  And, the firemen offered us a ride back to town on their big truck.  They even lashed our bicycles onto the sides next to the ladders.  Then they started up engine and headed back for Granite Falls.  One by one, the firemen dropped us at our homes and our adventure came to an end. 
As soon as Thor relayed the news to his family, the entire Munson family rushed to the hospital.  There, after many anxious hours, with the aid of an expert trauma team and an outpouring of prayer, Mrs. Ellsberg made it through a long night where things were touch and go. But, by the next morning, the surgeons were optimistic.  Her recovery might be a lengthy one, but the doctors agreed that Mrs. Ellsberg made it to the hospital just in the nick of time.
Mandy Jos outcome was much better.  Her arm was broken in three places.  But, she was fixed up with a plastic cast in the Maroon and Platinum colors of South Caldwell High.  Within days she was back cheering the Spartans onto victory.

********

So, things worked out fine after all.  We volunteered for a service project and ended up being of much more service than we ever dreamed of.  And, we did get our pictures in the paper after all.  And, Grandpa Gus rules proved truer than we ever would have imagined.  But, in all the confusion we never did make it to Wongs Golden Dragon. So, Charlie Sinclair has promised that we are absolutely, positively going to Wongs for lunch next Saturday; unless, of course, life decides to throw us into another dangerous adventure along the way.


About the Author
Matt Musson was born in Austin, TX and grew up in San Antonio. He earned two degrees at the University of Texas and moved east to work for Ross Perot as a Systems Analyst. He has developed systems for Planters Peanuts, LifeSavers Candies, Sara Lee, and Bank of America. 

Matt is currently in North Carolina developing banking software and working part-time for the Charlotte Bobcats.   He has four incredible children: Skye, McClain, Granath, and Chandler.  Matt collects vintage rodeo belt buckles and Indian jewelry when he is not prospecting for Carolina gold and emeralds.
He is a contributing author to the non-fiction anthology Sports in the Carolinas: From Death Valley to Tobacco Road.  He has authored several Jeep Muldoon books including The Mystery of Merlins Magic, The Arrow that Would Not Miss! And WhaleQuest!  In addition, he produced the critically acclaimed novel Batboy on the Worst Team Ever!  Publishers Weekly described the book saying there was perhaps a Denzel Washington movie in this novel.


