The Amazing Adventures of Miss Ariana Okata

by Elise Moto


Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2014 Elise Moto

http://elisemoto.blogspot.com


Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com. Thank you for your support.

The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental and not intended by the author.

Table of Contents
PART ONE
Chapter 1 - Super Fantastic Mining Company!
Chapter 2 - French Lover Of The Year
Chapter 3 - And Then The Sky Fell Down
Chapter 4 - The Interrogation.
Chapter 5 - I Am Summoned To The Reading Of The Will
Chapter 6 - A Journey Of A Thousand Miles Begins With One Step, And Preferably In Louboutins

PART TWO
Chapter 7 - Paris, France: Me In Gay Paree
Chapter 8 - London, England: Where the Queen Reigns and Big Ben Towers
Chapter 9 - High Tea With The Demon Herself
Chapter 10 - Cairo, Egypt: The Curse of the Hairy Geologist
Chapter 11 - Tokyo, Japan: Robots, Robots, Robots! And Yes, Japanese People.

PART THREE
Chapter 12 - Vancouver, Canada: Im Back Baby!
Chapter 13 - Rite As Rain
Chapter 14 - In Xanadu Did Kubla Khan?
Chapter 15 - Domo Arigato Miss Ari Roboto
PART ONE

Chapter 1 - Super Fantastic Mining Company!
I couldnt believe it  I was a bona fide murder suspect! Notice I didnt say I was a murderer but only, I was a suspect. Theres a big difference, isnt there. In addition to that, I was suspected by none other than my soon-to-be-boyfriend, Detective Daniel Reynolds, which I must admit did hurt my feelings a little. I should also mention that he happened to be the lead detective investigating the case. If anything, I thought he might enjoy dating a possible murderer but I was afraid to ask in case it offended him or, perhaps worse, made him more suspicious of me. After all, his line of work was about catching killers, not dating them. Not that I am a killer because I assure you, Im not!
And just who am I, anyway? Why, Im Ariana Okata, your soon-to-be new favourite gal pal and lover of fresh BC west coast sea air, Coach handbags, Asimo the robot, Louboutin stiletto heels, and Goodmans Department Store (but not in that order), among many, many other things. What follows is the truth, despite the claim of my wayward, communist cousin, Emma, that I make stuff up or, at least, embellish heavily. She is just jealous, IMHO. I cant help it if my life is way more interesting than hers, or most peoples. To that end, I have decided to bless the world with this, the first instalment of my adventures.
Id recently started working as the window-dressing receptionist for an upstart Vancouver mining company called Super Fantastic Mining Company! (SFMC for short), founded by the CEO, Ted Davison. Ted was what youd typically picture the CEO of a mining company would look like  middle-aged with a pudgy midriff and a silk suit cleverly cut to hide most of his bulk. And one mustnt forget his custom-made gold cufflinks in the shape of tiny gold bullion bricks. As the CEO of SFMC he exuded wealth and power, so in terms of sexual magnetism that was sufficient to compensate for his advancing years and advancing belly; at least for some women, but not for me. He was my boss, after all, and I intended to climb the corporate ladder based on my non-physical merits.
The company was called Super Fantastic Mining Co. because most of the capital came from a Japanese multimillionaire named Teruo Yamagata, who made his mega-millions publishing comic books. I think theyre called 'manga' in Japan, where they go for funny names like Hello Kitty and Sailor Moon, hence the company name; at least, thats my theory. Judging from those wildly popular examples, The Japanese may have pretty strange ideas about how to name things, but since they once were a global economic powerhouse, they must know what theyre doing.

Gold In Them Thar Indonesian Hills
One day at work the most incredible news arrived, the kind that every employee of a mining company wants to hear: we had a gold strike on our hands! Or rather, the geologists working for the company had a gold strike, somewhere in Indonesia, and it was teeming with gold deposits!
Ted burst out of his office with his arms in the air, yelling, Were rich! Weve hit the jackpot! As both Molly Green (my BFF and SFMCs bookkeeper) and I started jumping up and down, he announced that hed secretly bought shares in the mine for us, and that meant we were all millionaires several times over!
After Molly and I had finished jumping up and down even more, as well as screaming, which both Ted and one of his business partners from Japan, a Mr. Koseki, quite enjoyed watching, and after which both of them started jumping up and down and screaming like girls, we had to attend to the switchboard, which was ringing off the hook. I nearly broke a nail trying to answer them all, and the answer I gave was yes, Ted was promising all current investors they were, indeed, multi-millionaires! It was like winning the lottery or something, and you know how impossible that is!I believe the odds are in the neighbourhood of getting hit by lightning 20 times. Despite what cousin Emma says, it had turned out that winning the lottery was very doable; we were proof-positive that these pie-in-the-sky gambles really did pay off, if you just threw reason out the window and had faith in the nearly impossible.
To celebrate, Molly and I went out for drinks that night at our fave hangout, Ladybug Bistro, where we sat at the bar with mohitos and planned what we would do with our newfound wealth. My plan was that after the first cheque was deposited in my bank account, because my parents taught me to be cautious and not jump the gun, I would first brag to them that see, I had made something of my life and now I was going to open a string of beauty salons and start my own line of lingerie and boutique clothing called Ari Fairy Delights. That name just came to me one night in a dream. Then Molly and I would take a two-month-long cruise around the world  no, make that three months - and shop in Paris and London before flying home tanned and well rested, perhaps with a hunky European man or two in tow. Molly would open a kennel for longhaired cats and purse dogs and offer boarding, walking and pet spa services. We would date men from all over the world, but she would focus on Orientals, Latinos and other men of darker complexion, and I would see what came my way but mostly focus on Europeans. We all have our own preferences, as I think Ive clearly stated elsewhere.
Though I give Cousin Emma a hard time about dating Orientals, I wouldnt dream of judging Molly for doing the same. She has her fetishes, if thats what you want to call them, and I have mine. I will admit that some of the men of colour Molly has dated have been pretty dishy, so I can see why she likes what she likes; I just dont want to date any of them. Molly similarly refuses to date white guys. She says she finds them boring.
Emma objects to my use of the word Oriental. She says the correct term is Asian. Since when have I been concerned about being politically correct? Especially when it comes to Emma and her opinions, which she can just stuff in her bra. However, seeing as shes a politically correct vegan, she probably doesnt wear one. I suppose she burned it, or whatever it is that politically correct vegans do with their underthings.
After the mohitos and a few scrumptious appys, Molly and I headed over to Robsonstrasse and shopped for, what else, lingerie and stilettos. Then we air-kissed each other on both cheeks and headed home to dream millionaire-ess dreams. Make that multi-millionaire-ess dreams.
It didnt take long for me to become best friends with Molly. We have a lot in common; both young-looking, keep up with the latest trends, and are totally into spa treatments and sexy men in suits. We were also both single, and we loved knitting and drinking mohitos (though not usually at the same time, though, come to think of it, thats not a bad idea) at the Ladybug Bistro, which was just down the street from work.
Our office had a revolving door of Japanese businessmen who briefly occupied a mostly empty desk in a mostly empty office at the end of the hall, and you shall meet a couple of them shortly. All I will say right now is they were Teds investors and they occasionally liked to visit us just to make sure we really existed. Again, thats just a theory because I hadnt a clue what else they really did, except contribute cash, which of course was the most important thing, and occasionally ogle me when I happened to walk by.
After having worked at SFMC for about two months, Ted gave me a shiny silver key shaped like one of those cute, old-fashioned padlock keys, which I think are called skeleton keys, and told me to keep it on my person at all times. He wouldnt say what the key was for; only that it was important and that he was trusting me with it, so I added it to my blingy, poodle-charm keychain.
When Teds business partner, Mr. Koseki, came to the office to see it for the first time he was very impressed with the setting and, unfortunately, with me. I say unfortunately because Mr. Koseki was not the most attractive man Id ever met, plus Im not into Japanese guys, nor Oriental guys in general. They dont turn my crank. Also, Mr. Koseki was married, and I dont date married men. Besides, he probably had a bevy of geisha mistresses back in Japan, and his wife probably even knew about them and perhaps was once one herself.
Mr. Koseki took Ted and me out for a very lavish lunch at a very expensive and exclusive Japanese restaurant called Satsuma Sushi, which I was quite impressed with and fully intended to return to.
Mr. Koseki was trying to dazzle me with his wealth, which Im sure was considerable, but he didnt yet realize that it takes more than money to impress me. Well, not always, but in his case it was true, seeing as he was in his late 50s and not that easy on the eyes, despite colouring his hair and looking younger than his years, which many Orientals do. Take my father, Ken, Sr., who is 70 but doesnt look a day over 55.

The Mysterious Mr. Y-San
Something pretty weird happened at work one day; at least, weird for me, but not for a lover of Orientals like Molly. I was typing up some letters for Ted when in walked his other business partner from Japan, Teruo Yamagata, or Y-san, as Molly and I liked to call him, the manga mega-multimillionaire. Id never seen him before, nor had Molly. We figured he was making an appearance, apparently his first trip to Vancouver ever, due to the big strike. By that I, of course, mean gold strike; I hear they dont go for the other kind of strikes in Japan, nor do I. Maybe I really am Japanese after all.
Molly spotted him first. When I noticed her mouth hanging open slightly and her staring at the front door, I looked over and saw a small, neat, tidy, impeccably groomed and sharply-dressed man standing there politely; an Oriental man. He curtly bowed and said to me, Ohayoo gozaimasu.
He seemed to be waiting for me to respond similarly, which I didnt, because I dont speak Japanese. I had a vague idea as to what hed said, though, so I said, Good morning. Can I help you? Realizing his error, his perfect, bee-stung, Japanese lips formed the word, Oh, and he apologized.
I am so sorry. I am Teruo Yamagata. Good morning. You areAri-san?
I was surprised he knew my name.
Hai-
To my further surprise, a Japanese word had just popped out of my mouth, albeit one of the very few I actually knew. I corrected myself, preferring to speak in my mother tongue.
-I mean, yes. Im Ari. Uh, Ariana.
I held out my hand. He shook it gently; his hand was neither clammy nor overly dry, and he pumped exactly twice before bowing his upper body and head once more in a partly Japanese, partly Prussian-soldier bow. I expected him to click his heels too, which he very well may have. Nonetheless, I was impressed by his courtesy and charm.
We regarded one another for what seemed like far too long before it dawned on me that the name hed just introduced himself as was that of the main investor in SFMC, and that Ted just might want to know he was there. I hastily but discreetly paged him over the phone.
As mentioned, Mr. Yamagata was very polite. And had such perfect English, though, of course, heavily accented. The perfect English, as Molly explained to me later, after having snooped into his personal file, was from obtaining a graduate degree in Economics at Harvard. She seemed quite smitten, and even I had to admit that my interest was piqued. Yamagata-san obviously was not your ordinary salary man. He was much cuter than I imagined our Japanese boss-man would be. And younger. Or rather, younger-looking, seeing as us Orientals look younger than we are. Accordingly, he could have been anywhere from 30 to 55 years of age. My guess was 35-ish. I had thought he would be more along the lines of 60-ish and distinguished looking, with silvered hair; a Japanese corporate raider in an expensive suit tailored for the small-in-stature man. Yamagata-san was not in his 60s, and his closely cropped hair was jet black and fashionably spiky.
After chatting with me for a few moments in his perfect but accented English, as we waited for Ted to emerge from his office, there was something about Y-san I found quite enticing. This was throwing me for a loop because, as stated before, Oriental guys dont turn my crank. For some reason, Y-san did, and I couldnt explain it. Perhaps it was his power within the company. He had pale skin and wasnt very tall, but he was slender and wore the most elegant suits in a striking manner. He was very quiet and still, even when he was moving. Sounds weird, I know. Must have been some kind of Zen thing, invented by my people. He also had the cutest mole on the left side of his mouth. It was quite possible that Y-san was the first Oriental man I would have actually dated but, alas, he was married, with two small children, and also seemed to be a faithful husband. I know this because he showed absolutely no interest in me. Dont get me wrong; he was extremely polite, considerate and respectful, but he never gave me the impression that he was picturing what I looked like naked, or even ashamed that he was picturing me naked, as Im quite sure Mr. Koseki did on a regular basis, as he often blushed and looked down at the floor when I caught him staring. If not naked, then fully clothed in some kind of sexy-to-Japanese-men geisha getup.
From all this contact with men from Japan, I was starting to learn a little bit about the culture. I do love the fact they are extremely fastidious and orderly, and I love their cutting-edge technology. They are never, never late. In fact, our visitors from Japan were often maddeningly early, forcing me to rush to the coffee room to brew up a fresh pot and put some cookies on a plate. They always did exactly what they said they would do, and in exactly the same way. Theres a rigidity about the culture that I find oddly familiar and comforting. The world could use more Japanese-style rigidity, if you ask me, plus their business acumen of the 1980s.
Y-san and Ted had a half-hour meeting in his office before heading out for the rest of the afternoon, ostensibly so that Ted could show him around the city in his Audi convertible and meet with a few business associates at his favourite watering hole, Apollo's. Prior to their departure, Y-san gave Molly and me the same courteous, Prussian-style bow. Ted tossed us his usual wink before heading out the front door.
Ooh, he is charming, isn't he, Ari? Molly cooed. She was sitting at her own desk, which was situated close to Reception. I nodded briefly but withheld comment for a few moments. Then I made a bet with Molly, a silly but fun one.
As Y-san was planning to return to the office the very next day, I decided to wear my low-cut, powder-blue angora, just to see if I could pique his interest, and Molly agreed to join in on the fun. At this point, she and I were entering into a zone wed never entered before; direct competition for the attention of an Oriental man. In other words, the Twilight Zone; at least, for me. I had my sweater; she had her adorable freckles and black leather miniskirt, and the battle was on. It was a friendly bet, of course; no cat fights or callous remarks. We just wanted to see who could arouse Y-sans interest first. The loser would buy lunch for the winner, and I was rather determined to have the super deluxe bento box at Satsuma Sushi, on Mollys new, high-tech VISA card. Shell never lose it because she ordered it with a special key fob she can use to get the card to chirp audibly, much like an automobile's alarm system. She programmed hers to play the opening bars of Strangers in the Night.
The next morning, I did the whole thing  the water bra that pushes the girls up, the tight angora sweater than no man can resist. When I poured coffee for Teruo, I made sure to bend down in front of him when I asked him, seductively,  One cube or two? so that he could see right down my sweater to my custom-fitted, black lace number. He didnt bat an eye. In fact, he didnt even look up from his tiny, Japanese laptop computer. He just muttered, No, sank yu, in that maddeningly polite way he had. No bug eyes, no panting or drooling. He was his usual polite, collected self; cool as a cucumber. That was when I knew for sure there was something wrong with the man. I was starting to think he wasnt really a Japanese businessman, but a robot sent to Canada to collect data for some evil Japanese consortium bent on world domination (again). Ted insisted he wasn't an android, but I now had some circumstantial evidence that he was wrong. Ordinarily, this wouldn't have posed a problem, as I do love robots, except for the fact that Y-san was misrepresenting himself, a fact that I carefully filed away in my non-positronic brain for future reference.
As it turned out, Molly didn't have much more luck than I did. Nonetheless, we took ourselves out for lunch at Satsuma Sushi and both had the super deluxe bento box. It was delish!



Chapter 2 - French Lover of the Year
Pierre and Jacques (or, should I say, Pierre et Jacques) were French geologists in Teds employ who found the gold in Indonesia. Ted threw a private party for them at Satsuma Sushi on the weekend and booked the entire restaurant.
Both of them tall and with dark hair and dark eyes, Pierre et Jacques were relatively handsome and could have been brothers, though they claimed they were not. After a few drinks and a ton of sushi and sashimi, plus countless, tiny little bottles of sake served in tiny little cups, presumably made for tiny little Japanese people like me (though Im not really Japanese Japanese, but Ill use it when it serves me), while sitting with them in one of the private tatami rooms, Ted left to talk to a client on his cell phone, leaving Molly and I alone with the two hot-to-trot Frenchmen. My irresistible, Oriental, feminine charms and Mollys sexy girl-next-door wiles overcame both of them, and Pierre invited us back to their hotel for a nightcap and a mnage-a-Pierre-et-Jacques. Since there were four of us, that would have been an orgy, I think, or at least a mnage-a-quatre. A foursome, in English, and they werent talking about a round of golf or a game of bridge. After giving it some serious thought I realized I was drunk, but I wasnt that drunk. I also felt a sense of loyalty to Ted, and I knew it would have devastated him to learn I had spent a wild, unclothed night with two key members of his team, so I didnt. On the other hand, knowing I had frolicked with the geologists, and with Molly in the mnage, may not have bothered him one bit; quite the opposite, in fact; but employing my better judgment, I held off. And this was despite Pierres claim he had once won a Lover of the Year award in France. I doubted such a thing existed, except in his own crazy, Parisian mind. Also, both Pierre et Jacques were very hairy, and there are few things worse than a mouthful of body hair. Trust me on that one.
As for Molly, I cant and wont speak for her, as I left the party early. The next time I saw her I planned to ask what, if anything, happened.

* * *

The next day at work, I asked Molly what, if anything, happened. At first she turned red and wouldnt respond. My jaw dropped open. Molly, despite being very attractive, what with her cat-like emerald-green eyes, silky, long, caramel-streaked hair, cute-as-a button freckles and flattering minis, is more the girl-next-door type and not someone Id have pegged as being into European mnages. Then she clarified the situation: no, she didnt leave the party alone, but with only one of the men, and she wouldnt tell me which one. She was playing coy and it was up to me to figure out which hairy geologist she was now seeing. I was glad to have the heat from at least one of them off of me, for a change.
It was Teds idea to throw an outdoor barbeque bash for the investors, to celebrate the Indonesian gold strike. It took place inside, and on the wrap-around balcony of, SFMCs building, where a bar and bistro called Pacific BBQ Fantasy is situated. There must have been at least 500 people in total, and we made sure they had a blast. We served up wild, BBQ'd, sockeye salmon and BBQ'd Alberta Grade A sirloin steaks, plus we hired Vancouvers top sushi chef, Makoto Satsuma, the proprietor/head chef of Satsuma Sushi, to run a full-serve sushi bar. The weather that day was sunny and perfect, with just a light breeze. The theme was Hawaiian luau, so we also ordered a suckling pig on a spit from a restaurant called Polynesian Fantasy. Having a brainwave, I managed to book some hula dancers for our celebration. Only one of them was Oriental but they were pretty good, nonetheless. Then again, a girl of any ethnicity looks pretty hot wearing a bikini top and sarong skirt with a flower tucked behind one ear, especially if shes swinging her hips in circles and waving her arms around. I found them in the yellow pages; they were students from the Good Lotus Dance Company.
I wore my own floral sarong skirt over a little red bikini Id picked up at Goodmans the previous weekend, plus I tucked a white gladiola behind my ear. The thought crossed my mind that I could easily have joined in with the dancers and look just as convincing as they did, but my hula dancing skills were a little rusty so I skipped it.
I caught a glimpse of Molly in a very cute pink bikini top and matching sarong I helped her pick out during that same weekend shopping trip to Goodmans, and she was on the hairy arm of none other than Pierre, so at last I knew. I thought she was breaking her men of colour rule of dating, but she informed me that Pierre was not only French but also Italian, Swiss and Peruvian Indian, so he passed muster in the ethnic department. They were having so much fun together that I was glad to see Molly happy again, after having been dumped a few months earlier by a medical student named Russ.
Knowing that I didnt much care for the man, she warned me that Jacques was somewhere nearby and that he was looking for me. He seemed rather determined, but there was something untoward about him that I couldnt put my finger on.
Although he was trying hard to blend in with the crowd, because I kept catching him staring at me before ducking behind a pillar or a bulky investor, I couldnt fail to notice a tall, tanned, hunky man dressed in a blue Hawaiian shirt and khaki hiking shorts. It definitely wasnt Jacques. The mysterious hiding-guys dirty blonde hair was buzzed short and he looked like hed walked off the pages of GQ Magazine or maybe Soldier of Fortune, if they ever did a Hawaiian tropics issue. He appeared to be alone, which in itself was odd, given his obvious good looks.
I, of course, couldnt help but stride confidently over to where Mr. George McIntosh, Happy Investor #37 (which I knew because that's what he'd scrawled on his name sticker, in black felt pen) was waiting in line for a serving of BBQ salmon, to introduce myself to the gorgeous, blonde-ish stranger who seemed to be hiding now behind Mr. McIntoshs Santa Claus-ish build. He reminded me a little of a cat we once owned named Tibbles who used to think that if she couldnt see us, we couldnt see her. Surely, this gorgeous man was way smarter than a stray cat, because he wasnt doing a very good job of hiding from me, if that indeed is what he was doing. Even if it turned out he wasn't smarter than our cat, I had to meet him.
However, before I could do so, Mr. McIntosh stepped in front of me, beaming with happiness.
"This barbeque is tops! Make sure you thank Ted, will you?"
"Why don't you thank him yourself? He's right over there!"
"Capital! I'll do that, as soon as I get my fish!"
Still beaming, he returned to his place in line, which the Happy Investor behind him gladly allowed because she was in such a good mood. We all were!
Pretending to be one of the servers, I offered the hunky stranger in the Hawaiian shirt a special luau martini I had personally dubbed The Blue Dolphin, which he declined despite said-martinis intriguing blue tinge, saying, I dont drink on the--.
I pulled back slightly with the Blue Dolphin still in hand, a tad puzzled. What had he meant to say before hed cut himself off? On the spur of the moment? On the sundeck? On the job? What job? Who was he? And what was he doing sneaking around like that? I absolutely HAD to know.
I smiled coyly and struck up a meaningless conversation about the weather, just to get him talking. After batting my fake, Chinese-made eyelashes at him and accidentally touching his well-muscled arm a few times, I could tell he was definitely interested, but he also seemed a tad distracted. I took this as a challenge and produced a business card that was tucked beneath the band of my sarong skirt, somewhere in the area of my left pelvic bone. Well, it wasnt really a business card; it was more of a give me a call sometime card. He looked closely at it, then at someone over my shoulder.
I turned to see what was distracting him, expecting to see another hot lady in a string bikini and sarong, but saw only Pierre, engaged in an animated conversation with Ted. Both of them were holding Blue Dolphin drinks with little paper umbrellas in them.
Hoping to bring the stranger's attention back to me, I asked, Do you work downtown?
It worked. His azure-blue eyes were back on me. I smiled coyly and batted The Eyelashes a couple of times.
Uh, yeah. Uh, sort of. I just moved to town and a friend told me about this new gold mine and that I should invest in it, and boy am I glad I did!
His reply sounded a bit off to me, but he was smiling in a dazzling sort of way, with perfectly straight, white teeth. Then rather abruptly he excused himself and patted me on the arm, which was very encouraging, indeed, and held up my card, so that was encouraging too. He melted into the crowd, and I got the distinct impression he was working, but at what, I realized, he hadnt told me. I looked for him several times throughout the afternoon but never found him. I guessed that, being a red-blooded, hetero male, he was off pursuing other bikinid pastures.
Despite cousin Emmas frequent insults, Im not complaining in the least about the attention I get from men. I was an ugly duckling all through high school, what with the horn-rimmed glasses Id had since grade 3 and being a Honours student. (My obviously American spellchecker is highlighting honours, but yes, it is spelled intentionally with a u because that is British English, and being Canadian, we use the Kings English, as Canada is a former colony of the British Empire. Some of us prefer to think of Canada as still being a British colony.)
I was also in Brownies and Girl Guides (a Leprechaun, if you must know). Then, in grade 12, I ditched my glasses, got contacts, put blonde streaks in my hair, grew it long and started wearing mini skirts and designer stilettos. At the time, my name was Agnes. Wouldnt you have changed it too? As for my new name, Ariana, I chose it because it sounded exotic, like the name of a Greek goddess. The exotic part I had nailed down, the Greek part not so much. I suppose I could tell people that I'm one-quarter Greek; that just might float.

Those Eyes! Well, My Eyes
Although Ted does not turn my crank, despite his considerable wealth and good taste in clothing and wine, I enjoy harmless flirting with him. He says hes a complete sucker for my Oriental eyes, the lashes of which I am sure to flutter at him as often as possible. Sure, theyre the fake silk ones made in China, augmented by a generous amount of black kohl eyeliner, but as we ladies all know, artifice plays a huge part in the ritual of seduction, not that I was trying to seduce Ted. I just liked the attention, and the job security. A girl couldnt ask for anything more!
Black kohl eyeliner certainly helped the ancient Egyptians in their courting rituals, and its been quite helpful to me. If I was stranded on a desert island and could only have one cosmetic item, Im sure it would be black kohl eyeliner, despite the fact its very smudgy and gets all over everything if youre not careful. And if I were permitted a second item, it would have to be my peppermint pink lipgloss. Cant get by without that. And, of course, the PRC eyelashes. Its all pouty, shiny lips and seductive, Oriental eyes when it comes to me, and the men love it. Oh, yes, plus I'm one-quarter Greek.
Despite the big gold strike, work proceeded as normal, except for the higher-than-average volume of e-mails and phone calls, plus the reporters and news crews hanging around the office, asking for interviews. Made me glad Id just had my highlights touched up. After a few days of this, things started to die down a bit, and we began focusing on our day-to-day work again, albeit with a spring in our step.
As a small token of his appreciation for our hard work, Ted purchased iPhones for everyone in the office. (Or as Cousin Emma calls them, Me, Myself and I-Phones. Of course, she does not own one herself, nor would she want to, as she eschews all things trendy and meaningful.) I couldn't have been happier to upgrade from my old-fashioned clam-shell, which I generously offered to my backwards cousin, but she said nothing and just gave me one of her trademark withered looks. There's just no pleasing that girl. 
I do so love technology, especially when it does all the things my iPhone does. Ted was such a sweet man; always wanting to make his employees happy, especially the female ones. I was a most fortunate girl! And still am, as I still have my trusty iPhone, which has proven to be useful in more ways than the obvious.
With all of the money we were about to be rolling in, Molly and I decided to put down deposits on side-by-side apartments in a new high-rise in Coal Harbour, one block from the 2010 Winter O****** flame sculpture (I dont have permission to use the name, and dont want to get sued by the IOC, so stars will have to suffice), with panoramic, breath-taking views of the ocean and Stanley Park. If we were going to be goldmine multi-millionairesses, we figured we better start living like ones.
Molly also announced during one of our coffee breaks that, now that we could afford it, we should also take riding lessons, as Pierre was really into playing polo. Id always wanted to, so I immediately said yes. Id loved horses since I was a little girl, and the same went for Molly. Why, before I put up the six-foot-high poster of my idol, Maggie Thatcher, on my bedroom wall, I had a five-foot-high poster of a magnificent black stallion rearing up and kicking its front hooves in the air, its mane flowing out beautifully.
Desmond Morris (an anthropologist of some sort) apparently has a theory that girls love horses because it prepares them for mature, sexual love with men. Sounds like a bunch of horseshit to me. Sometimes a horse is just a horse, as Freud might have once said, had he been asked to comment on horses and female sexuality. You are wrong, Mr. Morris. Horses are just magnificent beasts with incredible muscles, flowing manes and sweaty hides, and we girls want to ride them.
In pursuit, or rather resurrection, of our girlhood dream, Molly and I signed up for a few lessons at Greensleeves Stables, just outside of the city, to take classes in English Equitation. I was loving it already and we hadnt even started. All things equine are so posh and royal. I was planning to pretend we were members of Queen Elizabeths extended family, taking our riding lessons in preparation for the fox hunt. We commoners had somehow married two of her lesser-known, outsider nephews, or something like that. Molly said they dont chase real foxes anymore because its cruel, mostly for the fox. So what do they hunt for now? A naked man dipped in chicken fat? Now theres an idea I could go for, if the man was hot. Hell, I just might dismount and run after him myself! However, I imagine it might be difficult to convince any man to do such a thing, paid or not. Maybe one of those homeless sunbathers on Wreck Beach would be our fox, but Id probably stay on my pony.



A Crack in the Sky
Sitting in my breakfast nook the following Monday, while reading the morning newspaper and drinking a berry power breakfast shake, I read some very troubling news. According to the article, SFMCs gold mine in Indonesia was a big fake, and there wasnt a molecule of gold anywhere on it! Ted and his geologists completely denied it. Ted was not the type to lie about something like that, so I didnt doubt his claim. He had been just as excited about the gold strike as everyone else. As he hadnt yet been into the office, I tried calling him, but it went straight to voicemail every time. Then I tried calling his other cell, his private one that only I had the number for, and he wasnt even answering that one.
There was other business to take care of; Molly and I immediately contacted our real estate agent and told her to cancel our down-payments on the Coal Harbour condos. That broke our hearts. We figured that some day, maybe, wed be able to afford it. That where theres a will, theres a way. In the meantime, we went back to our lottery tickets and pie-in-the-sky dreams of being liberated from financial servitude. On the bright side, at least we wouldnt have a mortgage to pay off.
I was concerned about Ted, who'd disappeared from view for a few days after the news broke. I didnt suspect him in the least for being involved in the scam, because Ted was the kind of man who trusted people implicitly, but in this business I figured you should be more like me and not trust anyone, at least not for the first five minutes or so. Ted had had his heart trampled on more than once, and I hated to see him get trampled on again with what must have been the biggest disappointment in his career.
For a while, we kept up appearances at the office as best we could. The day after word of the scandal broke, I set the phones on automatic forward to voicemail, since the calls were voluminous and were mostly from irate investors saying they wanted Teds head, or other body parts, on a plate. It wasnt long before we had to shut the entire office down, and I started packing up all of the file folders into boxes. Where they were going I didnt know, though Molly had mentioned something about a storage locker in East Vancouver.
Ted finally called me back three days later. He told me to come to his luxury high rise, but only to talk. Concerned for his well-being, and wanting to hear his side of the story, I did.
That night he told me all about his ex-wife, Veronica, and his children, whom he was close to (the kids, not the ex). In fact, he said they were visiting him in two weeks and he was taking them to a secluded resort on Vancouver Island; it was something he was very much looking forward to.
Ted and his ex had been married for 10 years, all of which were hell for Ted, as was the ensuing divorce, during which she tried to take control of SFMC. It took the most expensive divorce lawyer in Canada and two long years to settle that matter. When the smoke began to clear, he relocated the company from Calgary to Vancouver.
After a scrumptious lobster dinner, cooked up by his new Mexican maid, Consuela, Ted opened up even more about Veronica. Shes a demon, he commented, settling back on a ruby red section of his Roche-Bobois, mah-jong, sectional sofa. I, myself, sat on a purple section of said sofa, keeping a multicoloured paisley section between us, just to be safe.
Yes, it sure sounds like shes a tough lady to please, I said.
No, I mean she really is a demon. From the seventh realm of hell. Her father was a jackal and her mother was human.
I paused, waiting for him to elaborate, or at least snicker, which he didnt. I took a sip of wine and played along.
The seventh realm of hellisnt that in Kansas?
Still nothing.
Deciding to pursue a more serious line of questioning, I asked, Exactly where did you two meet?
At an S&M bar in London. She was dressed like Satan; tight red leather bodysuit, pitch fork and tail; the whole package. Little did I know that it wasnt a rental. We had beautiful, wonderful kids, though. As far as I can see, theyre all angels. Well, except maybe for Harriet. She takes after her mother, unfortunately. But Annie and Ted Jr., theyre peaches.
Like you, I reminded Ted.
Thanks, Ari. You always know how to cheer me up. You know, theres another way you could make me happy again.
His voice had a desperate quality and sounded a bit like a boy whose puppy had been run over by a car. Nonetheless, I had to decline. Besides not being physically attracted to him, and the fact it was just plain wrong to sleep with the boss (IMHO, anyway), the other reason I wouldnt fulfill Ted's request was that he already had a girlfriend named Katy, though I had never met her and was probably not supposed to know she existed.
Im sorry, Ted, but that wouldnt be a good idea. Why dont you call Katy? I suggested, trying to be helpful.
Oh, you know about her?
Yes, Ted. I know more than you think I do.
Uh huh. Youre right. I should call Katy. Shell know what to do. Thanks for letting me bend your ear.
Anytime. You know you can call me anytime if you need anything. Well, besides that.
He agreed. And then I finally felt it was time to ask him the question that had been on my mind all evening.
Ted, please don't take this the wrong way, but I have to ask. I looked him straight in the eye, and when I did, I nearly backed down from asking it because he looked as if he were about to crumble. However, I decided to press on because I had to hear it from him. Did you know anything about this? Did you know there wasn't any gold in the mine?
He looked away from me briefly, but immediately shook his head. Then he looked right back at me. Absolutely not. Part of me still doesn't believe it."
He looked so forlorn at that moment that I reached out across the multicoloured paisley section of the sofa and placed my hand on his arm. He seemed surprised and looked first at my hand, then up at me with a hopeful look in his eyes, which is when I removed my hand. At that moment I believed him utterly, and felt great pity for him, but a tiny little voice inside me was also telling me not to do anything rash and stupid. I have since dubbed it the voice of self preservation, and, as it turned out, I was right in heeding it.
You do believe me, don't you? he asked.
I do, Ted. I believe you.
Thank you, Ariana. You're a good friend.
We chatted for another hour, played some rather violent video games on his Xbox, and then I left his apartment.

* * *

With the recent revelation that the gold strike was a sham, it got me to wondering who might be behind it, since I knew it couldn't have been Ted. Being the good reader of men that I am, I knew he was an honest man and never once suspected him. The most obvious culprits would be the geologists themselves, but there is usually a mastermind behind the operations, from what I know about scam jobs. Then it occurred to me that I had recently met a mastermind and his nickname was Y-san.
Ted continued to lie low, preferring to work from home. I can't say I blamed him. The rest of us toiled on at the office, attempting to wrap things up as cleanly as possible. Y-san even pitched in, having apparently decided to hang around Van, if only to see what other shit might hit the fan. This struck me as a bit odd, but after the angora sweater failure, I was starting to view Y-san as being more than a bit odd.
Although I know it will sound just a tad like stalking, I decided to follow him home one evening. My official workday ended at 5 p.m., whereas Y-san was free to do whatever he liked, and that usually meant hanging around Satsuma Sushi into the wee hours of the morning with all of the other drunken Japanese businessmen who were in town, visiting their corporate satellite offices.
I went home and changed into my stalking clothes  make that surveillance gear  taking along my trusty spy binoculars, and headed to Satsuma Sushi, which was handily located only four blocks from my apartment, at 11 p.m. I was disguised in a short blonde wig and hip eyeglasses. Sure enough, after waiting only five minutes behind a willow tree across the street, in a well-lit area still frequented by night-owl patrons just getting out of the clubs, Y-san exited the Satsuma Sushi premises and walked home alone. I followed him at a safe distance, occasionally taking videos with my iPhone.
How does one distinguish a robot from a human? No, seriously. I myself hadnt known until consulting various websites on the topic. In Y-sans case, he must have been a high-end android because he moved just like a human being; only a trained eye such as mine could detect the difference, that being the slight hitch in his gait when he walked. It was too subtle for the untrained eye to catch, but it was as clear as day to me as I surveilled him. Every fourth step his right leg would hitch slightly, as if his knee were thinking of freezing up but then changed its mind. After a little web surfing on my trusty iPhone, I found out this was a classic glitch belonging to the R700-NS0 class of androids developed by the NikkeiTech Corporation. When Y-san walked past a particularly well-lit store front, in order to capture the tell-tale R700-NS0 gait so I could use it as evidence when needed, I shot some video of him. I also downloaded an e-book about robots which included Isaac Asimovs 3 Laws of Robotics, and which I include here for your edification:

1. A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.
2. A robot must obey any orders given to it by human beings, except where such orders would conflict with the First Law.
3. A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law.
(From Runaround, a short story by Isaac Asimov published in 1942.)

I needed to know what I was dealing with.
It was around this time that it occurred to me that what I was doing sounded an awful lot like what a detective would do. In fact, it sounded a lot like what my all-time fave detective, Nancy Drew, would do: follow and observe a suspect. That's when I had one of my quasi-psychic aha moments. As my much-beloved career as SFMC's receptionist was coming to a sad close, a new opportunity was opening up! I would become a private detective, just like Nancy Drew! Except, of course, I wasn't a titian-haired American teenager. No, I was a silky, long, black-haired (with red streaks), exotic, Oriental, Canadian woman in Louboutin stilettos. Close enough! And I clearly had private detective skills.
I was most overjoyed to have discovered my new calling, which I immediately shared with my BFF, the lovely Molly, via my iPhone texting app. The message went something like this:

Molly dearest,
Meet me at LB at 7 pm? I have delightful news to share.
Kisses,
Ari XO

To celebrate, we toasted with our traditional mohitos and appys. Afterwards, we spent the afternoon shopping for lingerie and strappy heels on Robsonstrasse, and flirting with the tourists.



Chapter 3 - And Then the Sky Fell Down
The news that fully precipitated my new career as a private investigator came one cold, rainy Sunday morning, at 6:45 a.m. It was Molly, and she sounded weepy.
Whats wrong, darling? I asked, because sounding weepy that early in the morning had to mean something truly awful had happened, such as finding out that Seafoam Spa was temporarily closed due to an outbreak of staff food poisoning from eating lunch the previous day at the dicey new pan-Oriental restaurant next door, the Jade Peacock.
After a few seconds, I could tell it was something much worse than that.
Havent you heard? she sobbed.
I sat up and rubbed my eyes. No, heard what?
Ted! she wailed, and sobbed for a while before I could get her to finish her sentence.
What happened, darling? Tell me!
He's dead! she wailed.
What's that? Could you speak more clearly, because it sounded like you said...
When she did repeat herself, I nearly dropped my iPhone. And then I did drop it. It bounced off the mattress and onto the pile-carpeted floor.
Rather than forcing poor Molly to describe these events any further, I told her to take care of herself and that I would call her back later that morning, after finding out what had happened. At first, I didnt know what to think. Was Ted really dead? How could that be? Just the thought of it brought tears to my eyes, but I decided it was more important to get the facts straight before jumping to conclusions.
After considering whom to call next, I still didnt know whom to call, so I decided to head over to Teds apartment myself.

The building was surrounded by police cars, and the garage was barricaded off with yellow crime scene tape. As I approached via the sidewalk, much to my surprise I immediately spotted the hunky man whod been wearing the loud Hawaiian shirt and whod disappeared from the SFMC BBQ party. He was now standing next to a uniformed police officer, wearing a sensible suit, albeit a bit snug around the shoulders.
Approaching, I saw the police identification attached to his lapel and realized that he was one of them; a cop. Feeling even more drawn to him than I had been at the party, I immediately walked up to him and took a good, close look at his ID badge. His name was Constable Daniel Reynolds.
When he finally looked at me, his expression initially was hardened and distracted, but after a moment it visibly softened and he looked a tad surprised.
I spoke first.
Hi, remember me?
I waited for a response but didnt get one; at least, not right away. Eventually, he just shook his head slightly, though I could tell he, in fact, knew hed seen me somewhere.
I gathered my composure and remembered why I was there.
I just heard that Ted Davison, that hesthat he was
Finally, the handsome detective nodded.
What is your relationship to Mr. Davison? His voice was all officious now.
Hes my boss. Was my bosswhat happened?
Im afraid I cant say anything about that right now, but I would like to ask you a few questions. Can you wait a few minutes while I finish up here?
I wasnt going anywhere, that was for sure. I nodded, pulling my jacket tighter around me, feeling the chilly morning air for the first time.
Im going to get a coffee over there. I indicated a cafe on the corner nearby. Would you like one, detective?
No, thank you. Make sure you come right back.
Oh, I will, I responded; and with that, I turned and headed straight over to the caf for my morning jolt. The combination of caffeine, grief and excitement from being around the gorgeous detective, and so early in the morning, were enough to make me feel confused, sad and happy all at the same time. It was hard to concentrate, but I decided I would try to answer the detectives questions as best I could, under the circumstances.
Despite the fact hed declined a coffee, I brought him one anyway, black, which turned out to be how he took his. Call me psychic, or just a good reader of men. He set his cup down on the trunk of one of the police cruisers, removed a little spiral-bound notepad and pen from his jacket pocket and proceeded to ask me some questions about Ted. I thought he looked adorably like one of those early-90s, pre-PDA technology TV detectives; old fashioned, like a much-better-looking Columbo.
What is your name?
Ariana Okata. Miss Ariana Okata. But you can call me Ari.
Thrice for emphasis. I wanted to make sure he remembered it for near-future reference.
What is your position at Mr. Davisons company?
Im the receptionist.
How long have you worked there?
About one year. Not very long.
How well did you know Mr. Davison?
I thought it a rather odd question.
Well enough. I was one of the first employees he hired. I was here from the beginning.
Did you ever see him outside of work?
Now I knew what he was getting at.
Occasionally, mostly at office parties and things like that. I wasnt sleeping with him.
Good.
I regarded the constable more closely. 
I meanyou didnt have a personal relationship with him.
I played it innocent and tilted my head slightly like a befuddled puppy dog. No. I'm not sleeping with anyone right now.
I thought I detected a faint pink glow appearing on the constables cheeks.
Isnt that a funny word, sleeping? I continued. As if thats whats really going on?
I felt a pang of guilt just then, seeing as I was hitting on the handsome cop at such an inappropriate time, but I couldn't help myself, he was that hot. But I decided to cease and desist for the time being and just do my best to aid the investigation. I sighed deeply, beginning to feel the weight of Ted's passing.
"This must be quite a shock for you," the detective commented, sounding sympathetic for the first time. 
"Yes, yes it is."
Thank you for coming down here this morning. Ill need to question you more closely in the near future, so please dont make any plans to leave town until we contact you, Ms. Okata.
Okay. My mind was starting to swim and I was glad the conversation was over.
He handed me his business card. It contained the all-vital contact info, such as his e-mail address and cell phone number. I tucked it carefully inside my purse. When I looked up at him, the constable was all business again; the blinds had come down. He was, after all, a cop, and he had a job to do. He nodded once, then moved on to talk to Jerry, the night watchman in Teds building.
Hed gotten his information. He was quick and efficient. Great qualities in a detective, I was sure. Then my thoughts turned back to sad ones of Ted. I drank down the last of my coffee and headed back to the car.

Later that night, around 11 p.m., I had the urge to call the handsome constable, mostly because I had a few thoughts to share with him. Right about then, he was probably thinking that Ted had either committed suicide, had a heart attack or was murdered. I wanted to share my insider's insights, so I dug out the detective's business card from my purse and added his cell phone number to my iPhone address book. My spidey sense was telling me I'd be using it quite a lot.
His voicemail kicked in. "Constable Daniel Reynolds. Please leave a message after the tone with your name, phone number, the date and the time. Thank you."
Very polite and very professional. And the sound of his voice made my kneecaps tingle. Why my kneecaps I couldn't tell you. I didn't even know I had nerve endings there.
"Hello Constable, it's Ariana Okata. I know it's late but I can't go to sleep until I share something with you. Firstly, I don't think Ted committed suicide because he was looking forward to spending time with his kids at a resort on the Island, and he just wasn't the type to do such a thing. Secondly, it's true Ted was not in the best shape, but he'd just had a physical and was given the all-clear. That leaves the third possibility, which I'd like to discuss with you in person. That's all for now. Call me after 8 a.m. if you like. Sweet dreams!"
Then I disconnected. With that off my chest, I read Emma's latest Harry Potter for a few minutes, then fell into a restless sleep.

Odd Goings-On at the Funeral
Teds funeral was held five days later. I picked Molly up at her apartment and we drove to the cemetery chapel where the service was being held. The chapel was full, and prerecorded classical music played quietly in the background. A beautifully crafted, burnished mahogany coffin was sitting at the head of the chapel, covered with a lush bouquet of white gardenias, Teds favourite flower.
Molly was wearing a designer look-alike black sleeveless dress and a black lace cropped cardi with black patent leather heels. I was wearing a black silk skirt suit and fitted jacket, and a pair of black calf-skin pumps that were a year old but still in good condition. Wed picked up both ensembles at Goodmans which, to my surprise, had a Funeral Wear section tucked away in the very back corner, near the fire exit, so not very many people know its there. Neither outfits were on sale, but we wanted to honour Ted dressed in the finest funereal finery we could find. We knew he would have approved.
Molly and I were ushered to a pew on the right side of the chapel, where Y-san and Mr. Koseki were already seated. Both men nodded somberly and scootched down the pew to make room for us.
As Molly and I dabbed at our tears, I stole a quick glance around the chapel. I didnt recognize most of those in attendance, except for two of Teds grown children from the studio portraits of them that had sat on his desk. I had packed them away with his other belongings just a few days earlier, so their faces were fresh in my mind. On the opposite side of the room, at the very front, sat a young man in his early 30s whom I recognized as being Ted Jr. Beside him was a woman about his age who resembled Teds daughter, Annie. Next to her was a very fashionably dressed, somewhat statuesque woman whom I didnt initially recognize. Despite the fact we were indoors, she wore a chic designer hat complete with a small, black veil that covered the upper half of her face, which she kept pulled down during the entire service. Could this be the infamous Veronica? I wondered. I tried to peer closer but to no avail. The veil was doing its job well.
On her other side sat another young man who looked to be in his 30s. He was clean-shaven and very well dressed, and looked like hed stepped out of a European mens magazine. I thought perhaps this was a nephew or friend of the family. He seemed to be quite close to Veronica, as he often whispered in her ear and patted her arm in a comforting manner.
I elbowed Molly and indicated the front pew as discreetly as I could.
I think thats Teds ex, I whispered.
The lady in the hat? She should remove it, she whispered back.
I know. He told me shes a demon from hell.
Mollys eyes bugged out. You cant be serious. Was he serious?
I shrugged. I think so.
Gosh, thats scary. It obviously doesnt bother her being inside a church.
Yes, youre right. Although this isnt really a church. More of a chapel.
Isnt a chapel the same as a church?
I dont know. Maybe.
We both regarded Teds ex-wife for a few moments, perhaps waiting to see if she would dissolve into a large puddle of liquid, like the Wicked Witch of the West. Then I remembered that the Wicked Witch of the West was killed when Dorothys house landed on her, and all you could see was her feet sticking out underneath, but no puddles of liquid that I could recall. Of course, it had been some time since Id seen The Wizard of Oz, so perhaps I was wrong. However, I did hear somewhere that dissolving into puddles of liquid was what happened when demons were vanquished. Probably on the internet. I leaned towards Molly again.
Their kids are sitting beside her.
Molly craned her neck to take a closer look.
Is that his son? Hes cute! Is he single?
Again, I shrugged.
Im sure we can find out! I said encouragingly. Then, both of us realizing how inappropriate our conversation was becoming, we quieted down, plus the service was starting.
While a pastor spoke at length about Teds life and his family, my thoughts began to wander a wee bit. I wondered if his other daughter, Harriet, was in attendance. Having never seen any photographs of her, I didnt have a clue what she looked like and, thus, wasnt sure if she was sitting elsewhere inside the chapel. I recalled he had commented that Harriet took after her mother, but I couldnt be sure exactly what hed meant by this.
Also conspicuously absent were Pierre et Jacques. I though that, perhaps, they were planning to attend the post-service graveside ceremony only, but I didnt see hide nor hairy of either geologist there, either.
However, very oddly, during the outdoor, graveside ceremony I did spot, on a tree limb nearby, what looked like a large crow hanging upside down. But I didnt think crows did that sort of thing, despite their great intelligence, not that hanging upside down is particularly intelligent. I suppose it aids circulation to the brain, thus possibly increasing ones IQ, if only temporarily, until one returned to being right-side-up and just a little bit dumber.
The only animals I knew of that liked hanging upside down were bats and, of course, Batman, though hes really more of a comic book character. This creature was too small to be the latter, and a little too big to be the former, unless it was a rather large variety of bat. Just recalling it makes the hair stand up on my neck. But why would a bat be hanging around a cemetery, and during the day? Werent they nocturnal?, I wondered to myself while the pastor continued the service. I supposed that if a bat were to hang around anywhere, a cemetery would seem the likeliest place, if you were a cast member in a horror movie, that is. Perhaps it was rabid and looking for someone to bite.
As I stood by Teds graveside, I shivered and pulled my coat lapels up higher around my neck, doing up the top button. Though she gave me a puzzled look, I then turned to Molly and wrapped her cashmere scarf more tightly around her neck and rubbed her shoulders to keep her warm.
Everyone was crying, myself included, and through my misty vision I could see the-woman-I-suspected-was-Veronica standing directly across from me, dabbing beneath her veil with a hanky. I still couldnt see the upper half of her face; only bright, pillowy, red lips that looked like theyd recently received a collagen treatment.
Ted Jr. sweetly comforted her throughout the ceremony, as well as his sister, Annie. The other young man, whom I thought might be Ted Jr.s cousin, stood on Veronicas opposite side and similarly comforted her from time to time. If Veronica really was a demon, she seemed to have a soft spot for her ex-husband. Or, at least, was keeping up appearances. She was surrounded by the love of her family, which seemed incongruous for a supposed demon. I began to have my doubts.
I could see that Ted Jr. was a pillar of strength, and I was looking forward to chatting with him, if only to deliver my condolences.
As the graveside service concluded, the coffin was lowered into the grave, and many of us took the opportunity to blow our noses rather loudly. As I raised my head up to take a deep, cleansing breath, I heard the flapping of not-so-little wings. Looking over at the tree where Id noticed the strange hanging crow, I realized it had disappeared. Flying quickly away from us was what looked a lot like a bat, not a crow, though I had never seen a bat in my entire life, except on those National Geographic specials on TV about echolocation, and, of course, Dracula movies.
Then, even stranger than a crow turning out to be a bat, Im sure I saw Ted Jr. turn towards the departing winged creature and wave goodbye. Thinking that I might need a new contact lens prescription, I rubbed my eyes with the backs of my black, Italian, designer leather gloves. When I looked back at Ted Jr., he was comforting Annie, and the crow/bat was nowhere to be seen. I concluded that, given the heavy emotions of that particular day, Id imagined it all.
Before Teds family left, bringing Molly with me, I approached Ted Jr. and offered him my sincere condolences. He shook hands with both of us and thanked us for attending. He was even more handsome up close, and Molly looked a little smitten. He had Teds twinkly, blue eyes and warm smile, and his light-brown hair was just starting to thin a little on the top. Unlike his father, however, Ted Jr. was trim and fit. I couldnt help but feel a little drawn to him myself.
I was about to offer my condolences to Veronica, but she had already begun to stride quickly away, her arm tucked inside that of her youthful male companion, who I got the distinct feeling was not a cousin of Ted Jr.s after all. When the pair kissed each other on the lips prior to getting inside a waiting cab, that sealed the deal for me. Not only was Veronica possibly a demon, she was also a cougar, so this meant she was one of those cross-species creatures Id only heard about. I found myself intrigued by this woman and knew I would probably cross paths with her again in the future.



Chapter 4 - The Interrogation. Mine, To Be Exact.
It wasnt long before Constable Daniel showed up in my life again, a few days after Teds funeral. We were still sorting out office files, under police direction. Daniel arrived accompanied by a very tall, muscular woman dressed in a dark grey pantsuit, which would have been quite flattering on her, had the trousers been an inch or two longer and the jacket not quite so tight. She wasnt a lady whose purse youd want to snatch, if you were a purse snatcher, as she very much appeared to be a lady who could outrun any thief, not to mention pound him into the ground with her fists.
Daniel introduced her as his partner, Constable Petra Petrowski. I briefly wondered if theyd ever explored any sexual attraction they might have towards each other, but decided she was too tall and tough-looking to interest Daniel. At least, probably. Maybe he was into that type of woman, in which case he wouldnt be interested in me, but why in the world wouldnt he be interested in me?, and I pushed that thought out of my head and pressed on.
I asked Molly to woman the switchboard while I was being interrogated by the two detectives, which she agreed to do, albeit with a worried look on her pointed features. The freckles on her nose were bunched up just south of her sparkling green eyes and fluttery eyelashes which, unlike mine, were all her own.
As Molly nervously chewed her lip, I patted her on the arm and said, I wont be long. Everything will be fine.
I escorted Daniel and his partner to the conference room where the questioning was to take place. I shut the door and joined them at the long mahogany table which Ted had picked out himself. Daniel produced a list of employee names, and after quickly scanning it I saw that mine was first on the list. Since I had nothing to hide, I wasnt nervous at all, and broad-shouldered Constable Daniel was there to protect me, should his partner have an attack of jealousy or anything like that.
After pouring three freshly brewed cups of coffee from the pot Id placed on the table earlier that morning, we began. Daniels cologne was so intoxicating that it threatened to distract me from making my statement, not to mention just the sheer presence of such a well-built, handsome man in a position of authority whose eyes were upon me almost the entire time. Nonetheless, I reminded myself of the seriousness of the situation, and that Daniels clearly no-nonsense partner was present, and stuck to the task at hand; delivering the facts as I had witnessed them.
To kick things off, I had prepared a statement the night prior, so before either detective said a word, I plunged right in. I am nothing if not prepared.
On the night in question, I, Ariana Okata, was about to leave the office when I received a text message from Ted. He invited me to drop by his apartment to have supper with him, prepared by his new maid, Consuelo. He was upset due to the scandal that had just rocked the company, and I wanted to console him, so off I went to walk the six blocks to his penthouse in Coal Harbour, overlooking the entrance to Stanley Park and the Vancouver Yacht Club which, incidentally, is where Teds yacht, Little Mistress, was docked.
My statement completed, I folded up the paper it was printed on and looked up at my interrogators.
Constable Daniel had a neutral, if not slightly bemused, expression on his face.
Constable Petra, after giving me what would prove to be the first of several rather strange looks that afternoon, then initiated the interrogation.
Okaywho was the last person to leave the office that night? she asked. Her voice was throaty and bold.
Me. I shut off the lights, set the alarm and locked the front door, the same as I do every night.
Did you often have dinner with Mr. Davison?
Constable Petra was starting to get a little nosy, and so soon, but I suppose that was her job. When I looked at her again, I realized that she had bushy, uneven eyebrows which were raised quizzically. I glanced over at Constable Daniel and he, too, was watching me.
Not often, no. Only once before, and it was to discuss company matters.
The investigative duo scribbled notes on their police-issue notepads.
Without need of further prompting, I continued.
I arrived at Teds penthouse at 6 p.m. I could tell his nerves were frazzled because hed already started drinking; gin and tonics were his favourite. He mixed one for me, after which we enjoyed a sumptuous supper of roast lamb and potatoes outside on his wrap-around balcony. He then dismissed his maid for the night and tried to seduce me.
I shot a quick look at Constable Daniel to gauge his reaction, but he was wearing that poker face detectives often wear, or at least the ones on TV do.
I will admit, I was fond of Ted, but nothing happened. I stayed for another hour, consoling him, but not physically. I then said I would see him the next morning at work and left him alone in the apartment. When I departed he was very much alive. In fact, he said he was going to watch a Marx Brothers marathon in the hopes that it would cheer him up a bit.
At this point in my story, Daniel asked if Ted was intoxicated. I responded, No more than usual. He was feeling happier by then, but he wasnt falling-down drunk. He seemed perfectly fine to me. 
Daniel seemed satisfied with that, and scribbled some notes.
Despite my complete innocence, as well as Const. Daniel's comforting presence, I was feeling a tad nervous. While she took notes, I took the opportunity to look at Const. Petra a bit closer and realized she would have been not unattractive if she wore a little makeup and lip gloss, plucked those overly bushy eyebrows and covered the grey streaks in her hair with a light auburn shade. I recall thinking that Miss Clairols #45 Auburn Sunset would do the trick quite nicely, but given the look she was giving me, I chose not to mention this to her at that particular moment.
My mother once told me not to make faces because my face would stay that way. Apparently, no one had told Petra this. It was, quite possibly, her natural expression, after years of scowling at murder suspects.
They asked me a few more questions, like what was the maids relationship with Ted, and did Ted have any enemies that I knew of. My answer to the first question was that as far as hed ever told me, Teds relationship with Consuelo was strictly professional, though I felt compelled to mention that despite her unflattering maids uniform, Consuelo was young and a hottie. I was quite sure Ted had hired her for her looks and not her cleaning talent, as I had found a thin layer of dust on the furniture and flecks of toothpaste on the powder-room mirror.
My answer to their second question was that no, as far as I knew, Ted had no enemies, but in the high-stakes field of gold mining, it wouldnt surprise me if hed come across a few shady types in his day. And yes, we were terribly fond of each other, though as mentioned, Teds attempt on that particular night to seduce me had not worked.
When did you leave Mr. Davisons apartment?
About nine p.m.
Was the maid still there?
As far as I knew, yes. Then I added, helpfully, And she was the first person to find him the next morning.
Const. Daniel nodded briefly and scribbled on his detective note pad. I could feel Const. Petras gaze upon me, but I didnt wither one bit beneath it. In fact, I was surprised to find myself starting to feel admiration and respect for her. She had an air about her that reminded me a bit of my idol, Maggie Thatcher, the Iron Lady. It was then that I began calling her Iron Petra, but only in my mind, of course.
"As I told you already, Constable Reynolds, I don't believe Ted committed suicide because he was looking forward to seeing his children on the weekend. I think you have a murder investigation on your hands."
That comment earned me another one of Iron Petra's raised bushy eyebrows, accompanied by what looked a lot like the beginning of a smirk.
"Thank you for your time, Ms. Okata," said Constable Reynolds.
And with that, my first and, hopefully, last police interrogation was over. I resumed my front-desk reception duties, and it was Mollys turn.
As she disappeared inside the conference room, Molly briefly turned to glance back at me. She looked a tiny bit like a lamb going to slaughter. The thought briefly occurred to me at that moment, Does she have something to hide? But I gave her an encouraging smile, and that seemed to relax her somewhat.
By the time she re-emerged 30 minutes later I could tell she had been crying, but seemed to have recovered nicely; her mascara hadnt even smudged much. I figured she must have put on some of that industrial-strength mascara wed both bought on sale at Goodmans the previous weekend. She flashed a brief smile at me before returning to her desk, and I knew shed be fine.
When we went to the LadyBug Bistro after work, she explained that Const. Daniel had been quite civil with her, and that even bushy-eyebrowed Iron Petra went easy. I was relieved to hear it, as Molly has rather delicate nerves. We drowned our sorrows in crantinis and appys, and I was sure to tell her how fortunate I was to have such a fabulous BFF as her, to which she replied, "Ditto, Ari, ditto," and gave me a quick hug and peck on the cheek. Then we tottered home to our respective apartments to turn in for the night.

The Lemon Did It
The Medical Examiner announced two days later that Ted had died from anaphylactic shock induced by traces of lemon oil found in his blood. I'd known that Ted was severely allergic to lemons, but who else would have known this? The police thought it was probably in one of the cocktails he'd had that evening, either self-administered or added by someone else. This meant that in addition to me, Consuelo was also a suspect due to the fact she was the first and last person to see him, had prepared his food and drink, and would have known of his allergy. I saw Ted mix the cocktails that night himself, but she could have tampered with the glasses or even the bottles of liquor.
All of these facts I was sure to ring up and tell to Constable Daniel, which I did that very afternoon. All he said was, Thank you, Ms. Okata, at which point I insisted, Call me Ariana. I also asked him to join me for drinks after work, but he declined. I was not used to doing so, but I realized that if I wanted to be the window-dressing on his arm anytime soon that Id have to do some chasing. I am usually the chasee, not the chaser. Oh, well, I decided, theres a first time for everything, isnt there?
Why cant you join me for drinks? I asked, trying my best to sound just a little pouty and girlish.
Because its against department policy.
Oh. Thats too bad, I lamented. I then did a quick memory check: During my interrogation, was he wearing a wedding band? Under normal, non-interrogation circumstances I always check that first. I was delighted to recall that I had, indeed, stolen a quick look at his left hand, which from my vantage point at the time was his right hand, and did not see a ring of any kind located there. There was a slightly lighter spot on his ring finger, though, perhaps indicating that he had once worn a wedding band, which was not a problem, just as long as said wedding band was now a distant memory.
Knowing I would be talking to hunky Constable Daniel again soon, I said goodbye and disconnected. 

* * *

Though I can't say I loved Ted, I did care a great deal for him. He was a good, hardworking, honest and trusting man, and I know he was smitten with me. I wanted to see the guilty party apprehended just as much as anyone else did.
At that point, my personal suspect list (in no particular order) read as follows:

1) Veronica, the ex-wife and supposed demon.
2) Pierre &/or Jacques, the hairy European geologists.
3) Katy, the not-so-secret girlfriend.
4) Consuelo, the hot but not very detail-oriented Mexican maid.
5) Y-san, the mysteriously attractive, not to mention robotic, Japanese manga millionaire.



Chapter 5- I Am Summoned to the Reading of the Will
On the morning of the reading of Teds will at his attorneys office, I received a most unusual text message on my iPhone. It read:

Be careful around Veronica. Dont stare into her eyes for more than a few seconds or U may turn into a barnyard animal of some kind. Or maybe even a rock.
Yours affectionately,
A Secret Admirer

Despite its oddness, and despite the fact I had no clue whom this Secret Admirer really was, I decided to heed the warning, since someone had gone to all the trouble of sending it to me in the first place.
I showed up at Teds lawyers office, Dombey and Sons, situated on the 20th floor of a high rise on Howe Street in downtown Vancouver, dressed in a tight-fitting, yet appropriately demure and stately, charcoal-grey, Coco-Chanel-inspired linen skirt suit with a matching sun hat. I wanted to look like a character straight out of an Agatha Christie novel (Murder on the Orient Express, to be exact), and I think I did a pretty good job. When I entered the conference room everyone turned to look at me. The receptionist, a dowdy older woman, announced my arrival.
 Ms. Ariana Okata has arrived.
Dombey Sr. and his two sons, Eric and Michael, all suitably expensively dressed and groomed, and all quite handsome, were already seated at the head of a gigantic mahogany table, even more gigantic than the one in the boardroom of SFMC. They were cuing up a DVD on a 52-inch plasma screen TV mounted on the wall at one end of the room.
Dombey Sr. immediately stood and approached me, holding out one hand to be shaken, which I did. Then he showed me to one of the plush, leather-bound conference chairs, right next to the younger, better-looking version of Ted Sr., Ted Jr.
Also present, sitting on the other side of Ted Jr., was Ted Sr.'s daughter, Annie, and sitting across the table from them their mother, the legendary Veronica. She was also dressed to kill, so to speak, and wore a cream-colored designer suit and matching hat; however, her ensemble included gloves, so I have to admit she trumped me on that accessory, but I wasnt fazed. I still had at least 15 years on her and as everyone knows, age trumps style in most situations, including this one.
Sitting at her side was the same fabulously dressed, hot young man Id seen at Teds funeral. Upon seeing me he couldnt help but smile and nod his head once, though it turned out to be a bit risky, given Veronicas so-chilly-she-could-freeze-Hawaii glance she gave him. That brief, coy smile dropped from his pleasing features in a heartbeat. At that moment I realized the man had to be her current lover, and that hed better be careful around me, at least when she was in the room. For the time being, we were both safe, as Veronicas attention was diverted away when Dombey Sr., sensing a brewing tempest in a law office, asked if I'd had any difficulty finding it (the office). I responded that no, I hadnt, and that I very much appreciated the free underground parking. The man clearly knew how to defuse a tense situation.
Annie and Ted Jr. also politely acknowledged me, though, as mentioned, the same could not be said of their mother. Regardless, I pulled back the generously padded, deep chocolate brown leather chair beside Ted Jr. and took a seat. I immediately detected that he had the same excellent choice in mens cologne as his father had, and was comforted by the familiar spicy, masculine aroma. Ted Jr. extended one hand in greeting and made strong eye contact. There was an instant connection. As the saying goes, some apples dont fall far from the tree. I also noticed the lack of a wedding band, but pushed that to the back of my list of priorities. I was there with more pressing issues on my mind; namely, getting to the bottom of Teds untimely and shocking demise, and clearing my name in the process.
Veronica shot me a quick but unmistakably hostile glance from her vantage point on the other side of the table, which made the fine hairs on the back of my neck stand up, but I didnt let that faze me, either. Heeding the text-message warning Id received that morning, I glanced quickly away from her penetrating and potentially dangerous gaze.
After some semi-formal introductions and the pouring of fine English teas and serving of fine English biscuits (my favourites!), we all got down to business and watched the DVD of Teds will.
When his image first appeared on screen, I teared up at the sight of him, as we all did. He was wearing the distinguished yet youthful purple tie I had picked out for him just two months previous, and was looking handsome in his tailored grey silk suit. The sound of his voice melted my heart, and despite my desire not to make any funny noises, I couldnt help but whimper slightly in my throat, which was heard by Ted Jr. He responded by casting me a sympathetic glance and offering his handkerchief from a breast pocket. At that point I knew he was Teds son; in addition to his impeccable taste in mens cologne, he shared Teds genteel manners and warm heart. And he had the same glint in the eye that Ted reserved for the ladies, unmistakable in Ted Jr.s quick, helpful glance. But I regained my composure quickly and focused my attention back on the TV screen.
Right off, Ted disclosed that Ted Jr., Annie and her two children were to split what remained of Teds wealth, which had dwindled somewhat since the scandal had broken but which was still significant, owing to the fact he had maintained a secret bank account in Switzerland (although it wasnt a secret to me). All Veronica was left with was a set of old luggage, apparently a wedding gift to the both of them way back when. It was some kind of cruel but funny joke, I thought, and I couldnt help but allow a snicker to escape, which I quickly muffled but not quite in time. I distinctly felt the heat from Veronica's demonic glare on one side of my face. When I pressed my hand against it, it felt rather warm. I had to watch my step.
On the DVD recording, Ted continued:
To my dedicated receptionist, Ariana Okata, who remained by my side when the going got tough in recent weeks and whom I consider a true friend, I bequeath an amount to be disclosed in private, to Ariana herself, by my trusted advisor and attorney, Gerald Dombey III.
My breath hitched inwards slightly, and again I felt a distinct warmth on the side of my face where Veronica's heated gaze was most likely still focused.
Then Ted leaned forward slightly in his chair.
For reasons I will not go into during this recording, I believe that my life is in danger. If it comes to pass that I meet an untimely end, I want Ariana herself to ensure that the guilty party is caught and brought to justice.
My breath hitched in again.
Ted sat back again. Shes the only person in the world I trust with that task.
I couldnt believe what I was hearing. Neither could anyone else, from the looks I was getting at that moment, and the continued feeling of heat on my cheek.
Ted had not only foretold his own death, but he had just passed a great responsibility to me, and I fully intended to see it through. I immediately began to formulate a plan, one that involved much air travel and sightseeing, and ended with the apprehension of the culprit who would be delivered straight into gorgeous Constable Daniels large, well-manicured hands. Not only do I love a man with big hands, if theyre clean and expertly manicured, Im putty in them.
By the time the DVD finished, about 10 minutes later, Veronica was in shock, Annie looked puzzled, Ted Jr. was still regarding me warmly, and I was not disappointed with what I had heard.
While Veronica again tried to burn holes in my face with her eyes, which I dampened by rolling a glass of ice water repeatedly across the right side of my face, I took the opportunity to speak. After pouring some more ice water into the glass, taking a sip of it and then holding it again to my overly warm cheek, I stood up and announced, I want you all to know that I fully intend to solve Teds murder and bring the killer to justice.
I was met with mostly polite, if not disbelieving, expressions all around.
At that point, Veronica also stood up and pounded one gloved hand on the tabletop, startling most of those present and making me jump slightly.
But youre a suspect, arent you? she declared loudly, in a posh, upper-class British accent that quite caught me off guard. I looked over at her with newfound respect, which was quickly ratcheted back down upon seeing her glowing red eyes yet again, and I looked quickly away. Just then, I felt a slight twitch in my right calf muscle and wondered if the brief eye contact might have initiated the process of human-to-barnyard-animal transformation or, perhaps worse, human-to-boulder. I would liken it to having stared directly into the sun, albeit only briefly, after which I had to look quickly away despite still loving the sound of her posh accent and deep, throaty voice.
After shaking off the thankfully transient muscle cramp, I also stood up, though I didnt pound my manicured hand on the table. Instead of looking at Veronica, I looked into Ted Jr.s soft brown eyes, which were both puzzled and welcoming at the same time. This just made me feel both warm and confused. Not accustomed to such discordant, concurrent emotions, I made a mental note to investigate these puzzling feelings, up close and personal, purely out of curiosity.
as are you! I shot back as dramatically as I could muster. Then because my looking directly at Ted Jr. while saying these words was causing the look of puzzlement in his eyes, I added, --Veronica! I also start pointing repeatedly in her direction, just to make it clear whom I was really admonishing. Then I continued. Except that I am innocent, which Im not so sure I can say about you!--"
-- more hard pointing at Veronica, and another puzzled, if not amused, look from Ted Jr. (who could blame him?)
 -- or anyone else in this room, for that matter!
Ted Jr. raised one eyebrow in approval. I dropped my pointing hand to my side and bravely turned my head in Veronicas general direction, but pointed my gaze at the wall directly over her head.
Just then I started to wonder if I was the only one present who had noticed Veronicas glowing red eyes. I felt sorry for her children and wondered just what it was like to grow up with a demon for a mother, much less what it was like for Ted to have once been married to one. I made a mental note to pick up some demon-repelling potion on my way home, from my favourite paranormal shop, All Things Supernatural, just to be safe. I was learning quickly that one can never have too much protection when it comes to these beings.
Could I please obtain the cheque in a plain brown envelope so I may take it directly to the bank? I requested of Dombey Sr. and both of his Sons, and they all nodded at the same time, respectfully. Dombey Sr. began sorting through the paperwork on the table, located the appropriate documents, including the cheque, and paged his secretary to bring in a manila envelope for it.
Before sealing it inside said envelope, Dombey Sr. stood and walked over to my side in order to privately show me what was written on the cheque. The amount was more than enough to kick start my career as a private investigator, and then some, and then some more. Taking a deep breath, I sat back in my chair to let it all sink in.
I cast a quick glance at Ted Jr. and smiled sympathetically at him, then at Annie, who by now was wearing a rather stunned expression on her normally quite attractive face.
You have my deepest condolences. I said to the both of them. Despite what you may think of me, I did care for your father and I do intend to solve his murder.
After Dombey Sr. handed me the sealed envelope bearing the cheque, I gathered up my designer purse, piled up my tea cup, saucer, plate and napkin smudged with fuchsia lipstick that I had just picked up the previous day on sale at Goodmans cosmetics counter (Furious Fuchsia, in case youre wondering), and departed as impressively as I had arrived, leaving an exotic, musky fragrance from Paris in my wake.
Just as I was putting on my black and white polka-dot, designer trench coat, which I will admit was a Paris runway knockoff, none other than Ted Jr. rushed out and intercepted me. I didn't mind one bit. A lock of his brown hair had fallen down onto his forehead, making him look sexily boyish and a little bit like Clark Kent.
Ms. Okata? Could I have a word with you, before you go?
I have never been one to turn down a cute young guy as fashionably dressed as Ted Jr. was, nor one who smelled as good (one of Calvin Kleins, if I wasnt mistaken), so I smiled and said, Of course!
I just wanted to thank you for coming out today
He seemed to be searching for the right words, in a sweet, slightly befuddled way befitting a schoolboy with a crush. At that moment, he reminded me a little of his father, and I found my eyes tearing up slightly.
and for saying such nice things about my father. I can see why he was so fond of you.
It was then that I saw the Davison sparkle in Ted Jr.s eye, the same one Id seen in Ted Sr.s eye on several occasions. He gave me a goodbye smile and was about to return to the conference room when I suddenly spoke up with a question that had been on my mind ever since Ted's funeral.
Before you go, can I ask about your sister, Harriet? I never had gotten an opportunity to follow up with him about the bizarre side-show at the graveside ceremony. My question seemed to make Ted Jr. a tad nervous.
Oh, Harriet? Uh, what would you like to know?
Is she no longer in touch with you? I dont think she was at your fathers funeral.
Ted Jr. didnt respond for a moment or two, choosing his words carefully. 
Well, actually, she was.
Oh? What does she look like?
Again he paused, and I realized how rude and intrusive I was being. However, the budding private investigator in me kept pushing for more answers.
Im sorry. I have no right to be so nosy. Its just that your father used to talk about all of you with such fondness, but he never really told me much about Harriet. He did say she took after her mother.
Well, er, what can I say. Shes been taking our fathers death hard, and, um, shes been a little tied up lately.
But she was at the funeral, wasnt she?
Yes.
Ted Jr. took a deep breath and turned to shut the boardroom door completely, as it had been slightly ajar.
Look, Ariana, since my father trusted you so much, and since you are trying to help us find out who did this to him, Ill be up front with you.
I held my breath; I couldn't wait. I love hearing other peoples secrets because they make me feel positively normal.
My sister Harriet was at the funeral, but she wasnt in a form you would expect.
He paused, as if I understood, but I didn't have a clue what he was talking about.
You mean, likeshe was a gas, or a liquid?
My thoughts briefly returned to my earlier suspicion that Veronica might liquefy inside the funeral chapel before the afternoons proceedings were up. Perhaps at least one of her offspring had inherited her tendency to change from a solid to a liquid at inconvenient times?
No. I mean...she wasnt in human form.
His eyes darted quickly over my face, checking my reaction. I withheld it, for the time being, and waited for him to finish. He continued.
Do you recall seeing, um, anything hanging in a tree nearby?
Aha, I knew it! It hadnt been my imagination after all! My private investigator observations were right all along. I nodded vigorously, finding myself rather speechless.
Well, how do I put thisthat was Harriet.
the tree or the bird? If thats what it was, because I really wasnt too sure
Actually, neither. It was a bat you saw, not a bird. Harriet. She was hanging there through the whole ceremony.
All I could do was nod. I really didnt know how to respond to this strange, new information, but congratulated myself for my spot-on, budding private investigators intuition. Finally, I thought of something to say.
I saw you wave at her as she flew away.
It was Ted Jr.s turn to nod solemnly. He looked so sad that it tugged at my heart.
You poor man.
And I meant it. I couldnt possibly imagine what it was like having a bat for a sister. Or a demon for a mother. He had a lot of supernatural relatives on his plate.
Your father said she took after your mother
Ted Jr. nodded. My mothers father was from Transylvania, a fact she didnt bother to tell any of us until only a few years ago. In retrospect, it explains a lot of things
I had the feeling there was more to this story that he wasnt yet ready to disclose. Perhaps on another day. Besides, it was more than enough information for me, for the time being. After all, Id only recently met him.
Harriet was normal as a child, by which I mean she was in human form, but those Transylvanian genes really kicked in when she was a teenager, so now she spends all of her time hanging from trees, or inside caves. She does drop by for family gatherings, like Christmas and such, but she has to stay outside because our grandmother gets upset, not to mention the guests. And the maid refuses to clean up the guano.
In addition to being very bizarre, it was all really very sad, especially considering it involved Teds children. I realized then just how many things, in addition to the mining scandal, had been burdening the poor man the whole time. And here was his son, standing before me, his head nearly drooping with sadness. I felt an urge to take Ted Jr. in my arms and comfort him, but fought it off. I patted his well-coutured arm instead.
Then his voice took on a hopeful note.
I think she may have found a mate, though, because sometimes I see another bat hanging in the tree next to her, slightly larger so possibly a male.
"I see. Um, is she a fruit bat or a blood-sucking bat?
Blood-sucking, unfortunately. Do you have any fresh garlic in your pantry? I suggest keeping plenty on hand. And maybe some extra mirrors.
Lots of mirrors I had, but I decided it was high time to drop by the market and pick up a fresh, mesh package of organic garlic heads. And then I also had an urge to pull my collar up higher around my neck, so I did. Stealing a glance at Ted Jr.s own neck, were those healed puncture marks I saw there, or merely an old shaving injury?
Ted Jr. checked his wristwatch. I better get back inside before mother starts to worry.
Oh, yes, mother Veronica, the red-eyed, skin-blistering demon with Transylvanian genes, with a blood-sucking bat for a daughter. Just what was I getting myself into here?
Take good care, Miss Okata. And please dont hesitate to contact me, should you need to.
Then, with a brief, but very human-looking smile, Ted Jr. disappeared back inside Dombey & Sons boardroom.

I made sure to stop by All Things Supernatural on my way home and picked up 4 oz. of Demon Repellant No. 10, better known as DR #10, bottled inside an exquisite purple glass decanter. The proprietor and shopkeeper, Angela, removed the stopper and, after taking a whiff herself, held the decanter up for me to sample. I hovered my nostrils over the opening, and they were filled with a lovely scent that was both musky and floral. Ill take it! I enthused. I also picked up 4 oz. of Bat-Be-Gone! skin lotion, which apparently had garlic in the ingredients, though not the merest whiff of it could be detected; only a light and lovely citrus scent. The beauty of Angelas potions, which she brews up herself, is that they double as both intoxicating colognes to attract, and potions to repel. They are two-for-one deals, and she explained it was made up of herbs and wildflowers from the Amazon rainforest that would both seduce the man of my dreams (who by then was Daniel, of course, despite my enticing encounter that day with Ted Jr.), and repel any demons nearby (and I wont mention her name again right now, because Ive had quite enough of her for the time being, plus Ive heard that if you say a persons name enough times, theyll show up. Daniel, Daniel Daniel!).
Then I also picked up some of those organic garlic bulbs. I found a whole garland of them, in fact, and draped them rather attractively on the tiered, mesh fruit basket I'd hung in one corner of my kitchen. I also noticed, while removing my makeup that evening, what appeared to be a slight sunburn on my right cheek, the one that had been turned towards Veronica at the law office. So I'd been right after all about her demonic glares. I applied a bit of aloe vera lotion, and by morning my skin was back to its normal state. I decided to keep a bottle of it in my purse at all times, for any future encounters with the demonic lady.
I was fully intending to call Daniel that night, after having a luxurious bubble bath with Bubbles Galore Potion #5 Bubble Bath, which, as promised, if you were quick enough and had extraordinary eyesight, produced bubbles in which you could see various scenes of past, present and future (and yes, I did search for scenes of Daniel and me together, but the damned bubbles popped before I could get a good look). However, before I could make that call, I received a text message, which read:

Jacques and Pierre have fled to Paris, France. A return ticket has been booked for U this Friday, departing YVR at 1800 hours. A room has been booked for U at the Ritz Carleton under the name Fifi Larue. U will receive more information upon UR arrival at Charles de Gaulle Airport. Have a good flight!
Love and kisses,
S. Admirer

I was both mystified and excited. Just who was this S. Admirer? There was no senders name or e-mail address. Someone wanted to conceal their identity from me. Could it be Daniel, realizing how much value I could be to his investigation, having come up with some extra cash from his surely modest police budget to fund a return flight to Europe and a stay in a posh hotel? Or could it be one of Teds lawyers executing a secret clause in his will? The latter seemed more likely than the former, so I went with it.



Chapter 6 - A Journey of a Thousand Miles Begins With One Step, and Preferably in Louboutins
Having decided to delay the phone call to Det. Daniel until my arrival in gay Paris (which is not a reference to the citys sexuality, but a quaint, old-fashioned moniker for the city of lights, and is pronounced Gay Paree), and eager to locate the real culprits in Teds untimely death, I quickly began eating into the money Ted had willed to me and boarded a flight there the next day in order to begin my own international private investigation. I thought that given my knack for tailing suspicious people, such as the trial-run surveilling the mysteriously sexy Y-san, plus my enjoyment while doing so, I should definitely press on. Of course, I was also now fully re-employed, posthumously, by none other than Ted himself, as the official investigator of his untimely demise.
I caught the next days flight to Paris, France, a city Id always wanted to see. None of my ex-boyfriends had ever offered to take me there or I would have jumped at the opportunity. Well, I didnt need a man to take me there, so I took myself there, on a mission, not just as a tourist with money burning a hole in her Coach wallet, although I was certainly that as well.
While packing my Gucci suitcase, my iPhone chimed from the depths of my purse. It was another text message from the mysterious and potentially helpful S. Admirer, whom I assumed was an adult male, but in this day and age, who knew for sure. Didnt matter; I needed all the assistance I could get:

J & P checked into the Paris Ritz on Thursday, May 7. They were spotted at Le Bistro on 5 Rue Madeleine on Saturday, October 23, eating caviar on toast and drinking Earl Grey Tea spiked with vodka. Upon your arrival, I will help U find them. 
Hugs and kisses,
S.A. 

I texted the mysterious Mr./Miss/Ms./Mrs. Secret Admirer back:

I will arrive at Charles de Gaulle Airport at 2:35 p.m. Paris time. How will I find U? And do U know what I look like?

Two minutes later I received a response:

Of course I do. Im looking forward to laying eyes on U again! I will be wearing a pink rose in my lapel.  S.A.

I shot back:

Who R U?

S. Admirer responded:

For me to know and U to find outeventually. XO

As for tracking down Jacques and Pierre, why not just call the gendarmerie (the French police), you ask? If I did then I wouldnt have a good reason to visit Paris, would I?
Prior to my departure, unable after all to wait until my arrival in France, I called Daniel to say goodbye while in the waiting lounge at the airport.
Reynolds.
He sounded to-the-point and was breathing a little heavily. My knees quivered at the now-familiar sound of his deep, sonorous and officious voice, but I kept my own steady. I was sure to raise it at least an octave, in order to sound as girly and cheerful as possible.
Hello, Constable Reynolds. Am I catching you at a bad time?
No, just got out of the shower. Who is this?
Shower? Oh, um, Ariana Okata. When he failed to respond I added, Ted Davisons receptionist.
I forgave his pause, as I assumed Daniel heard hundreds of names during the course of his work-week.
Right, of course, Ms. Okata.
Call me Ariana.
I tried to use my soft, sexy, non-suspect voice.
He paused again. Ariana. Can I help you with something?
Oh, well, no, not really. I just thought Id give you a call to let you know Im at the airport on my way to Paris. You see, Ted obligated me in his will to personally find out who killed him, so thats what Im doing. And Ill be honest, Ive never been to Paris before so I plan to do a little sightseeing, too!
Wait a minute, wait a minute. Youre at the airport? But youre a suspect in a murder investigation! You cant leave the country!
I couldnt believe my ears.
Im a murder suspect?
I must have said this louder than I realized, for a plump lady with overly processed red hair, sitting in the waiting room across from me, looked up from her Harlequin romance at that moment with a surprised look on her face. No one else seemed to notice, so perhaps the lady just had super-sharp hearing.
Yes, you are. Not the only one, but one of them. In fact, everyone who works in your office is, until we get more information.
Oh. Even cute little Molly?
Yes. Look, you should cancel your flight and stay in town until further notice.
Just then, the boarding call was announced over the waiting room loudspeakers. Still eyeing me suspiciously, the Harlequin reader gathered up her purse and stood up, giving me another curious look.
Um, Ive got to go, they just announced the boarding call. Ill phone you when I get to Paris.
And with that, I rang off and stuffed my iPhone into my purse. My mind was racing. Me a suspect? Id assumed Daniel realized there were far stronger suspects than me, like the maid, for one. I glanced around the waiting room. Several people were slowly making their way to the boarding lineup. I saw one security guard standing on the other side of the room, chatting with an older man in a suit who was carrying a briefcase. I knew Daniel probably didnt have time to alert security or send his officers to the airport to stop me. At least, I hoped not. I supposed it would depend on just how strong a suspect he considered me to be.
When my iPhone, of course, immediately began to chime from the depths of my Coach bag, I fished it out and shut it off, thus serving the dual purpose of eliminating hot Const. Daniel's protests against my leaving the continent, and also obeying the airline's strict rule against cell phone usage in flight. As I queued up to hand my ticket to a polite, female airline employee dressed in a crisp, navy skirt suit and white blouse, I dropped the iPhone back inside my bag and breathed more calmly.
As it turned out, I didnt have a window seat and had to settle for sitting on the aisle. At least it gave me quick and easy access to the washroom, should I have needed to use it, which I tried not to, and, luckily, that worked out. I was careful not to drink a lot of liquids prior to the flight. This is the strategy I use when the only available washroom facilities are a bit dicey. If I dont have to use a 4x 4 bathroom thats been used by all and sundry passengers, for all and sundry bodily functions, then I dont. I prefer to hold it until disembarking at an international terminal where I can use a proper airport spa and its sparkling-clean, spacious ladies washroom facilities.
I settled in to read the latest Harry Potter, which Emma mysteriously loaned to me, and I say mysteriously because she accused me of losing the last instalment, which I know I didn't. Whenever Emma misplaces things, she likes to blame me for some reason. I suppose it helps her maintain some ridiculous image she has of herself as a perfect person who never makes mistakes. They're always stolen or lost by others. Nonetheless, she lent me the next book anyway, perhaps because we are the only adult HP fans we know. This may be the only interest we have in common, but I suppose at least it's something.
I had also picked up a paperback bio about M. Thatcher at the airport bookstore. For some reason, it was in the bargain bin and cost only 99 cents. Enjoyable nonetheless. Did you know Maggie used to sing in her high school choir? Just like I did! We do have an awful lot in common, Maggie and I. I was determined to make a side trip to London to try and find out where she lived so I could say I saw Margaret Thatcher before she died because, after all, she is old now.
Just as we were beginning to taxi to the runway, despite my distance from the nearest window, I managed to keep an eye on the tarmac, just to check if any security guards on luggage carts were rushing out onto the tarmac to apprehend me, a fleeing suspect in a murder investigation. Much to my surprise, thats exactly what I did see; at least three burly men in airport security uniforms racing towards the plane, all bundled inside what looked like a large golf cart, kind of like the Keystone Cops, I thought, but it was far too late for them to catch up to us. The 747 from Vancouver International to Charles de Gaulle had picked up too much speed, and we lifted off smoothly from the tarmac, up, up and away, ascending towards the clouds. I finally was able to relax, so I closed my eyes and laid my head against the cushioned headrest, falling asleep very quickly.
The flight was largely uneventful, mostly due to the fact I slept most of the way, despite being in Economy Class. Ted's generous cheque would have easily allowed a Business Class seat booking, but I wished to remain conservative with my funds this early in my travels.
Glancing around the cabin, I noticed the red-haired Harlequin lady was sitting in the same row as I, in the middle of the plane, her nose buried in her romance novel. It had one of those bodice-ripping, muscle-bound, shirtless-man covers, pawing at an undernourished, scantily clad model with enormous breasts. The title, if I recall correctly, was The Lusty Parisian Count and His Demure American Mistress. Not very imaginative, IMHO. Perhaps this was her way of reading up on Paris, in preparation for our impending arrival there. Ooh, Paris! I could hardly wait!
Speaking of romance novels, apparently, this genre is so wildly popular, especially in these 'tough economic times', that even Emma reads them, in addition to the HPs. She claims she does not, but I saw a copy of one Scarlet Vixen tucked inside her edition of Marx's Communist Manifesto at a family dinner one Sunday, so I know it's true. When I outed her reading preferences in front of everyone, she claimed the Harlequin was for a women's studies course called "Feminine Portrayals in Contemporary Women's Literature." Yeah, right. When it comes right down to it, even Emma Antichrist is a sucker for hunky, muscular, barely dressed hakujin (white) fantasy men.



PART TWO

Chapter 7 - Paris, France: Me in Gay Paree
Wherein the Heroine Goes on a Wild Pierre-et-Jacques Chase
When the plane came to a stop on the tarmac of Charles de Gaulle Airport, it was 9:47 p.m. Paris time. Before deplaning, I put a floppy sunhat and sunglasses on, despite the fact the sky was overcast and grey and it was raining. Exactly where had I stashed this floppy sunhat? Why, it was a nifty foldable blue silk number Id picked up from a sale bin at Goodmans, perfect for trips to high-class European cities such as Paris. Very chic, very stashable and the perfect disguise for fugitives from justice, not that I was one. I was definitely going for an Audrey-Hepburn-on-the-lam look; not, as stated, that I was on the lam. Well, in fact, I suppose I was, seeing as Const. Dan had told me not to leave the country, which I was now willfully disobeying. One thing he was about to learn was that when I put my mind to something, no one can stop me, not even a hunky, boyfriend-to-be detective.
As I was waiting patiently to disembark, I noticed the Harlequin lady was still stealing furtive glances at me. I figured that during the flight I at least had kept her mind off of any concerns she might have had about the plane crashing; instead, she was probably worried that I might hijack the airplane and murder everyone on board with my plastic soup spoon or, worse, her plastic soup spoon, thus embroiling her in the whole mess.
Inside the terminal I felt a little tense, half expecting a member of the gendarmerie to come running up, or, perhaps, someone looking a lot like Inspector Clouseau, in a trench coat and hat, with a large moustache. I saw no one of the sort and relaxed slightly.
I immediately began looking for a man wearing a pink rose. As it turned out, everyone was wearing them, as it was Mothers Day. Not being one to keep track of Hallmark Card holidays (except Secretarys Day, which is April 27 and is now called Administrative Professionals Day, which is totally unnecessary if you ask me, by which I mean the politically correct name, not the Day itself), I did not know it was Mothers Day until a charming young woman, in a seemingly ubiquitous navy airport employee's uniform, came up and offered me a rose. I took it politely, although I am no ones mother and was rather miffed at this little joke my Secret Admirer had played on me.
I took a taxi from the airport to the Paris Ritz. While riding in the taxi and craning my neck to take in the Parisian architecture, my iPhone chimed. It was Emma, texting me from North America. I rolled my heavily made-up eyes and read it:

EMMA: R U in Paris yet?
MOI: Just landed. On way to Ritz.
EMMA: Crackers?
MOI: Ha ha. Ritz Carleton. Ta.
EMMA: Wait! Ritz as in Princess Di Ritz?

I didnt have time to text Emma any more that night, which, if I had, would have just initiated one of her anti-Royal Family diatribes, so I rang off. When my iPhone started beeping again, I shut the ringer off because I was on my way to stay at the Ritz Carleton, and the Emmas of the world werent going to spoil it for me. For someone who had such a low opinion of the Royal family, she was quite the Princess Di fan. I, myself, once caught a glimpse of her designer-beige-dress-clad forearm as she waved politely from her limo window, after having passed out inside the California Pavilion at Vancouver Expo 86 during a bout of bulimia, as we later learned during that BBC tell-all interview she gave on the telly.
Despite being in the Land of the Royals, I had decided not to bring Emma any of their paraphernalia, such as the Lady Di/Prince Charles commemorative plate I'd given her the previous year as a joke birthday gift. At the time, her response was to get angry that I didnt get something with Di on it, alone, and not with that big-eared jerk standing next to her! She then informed me that she liked Diana but not anyone else in the Royal family! because Diana stood up for herself and got together with a man of colour, and a Muslim to boot, and really stuck it to her ex in-laws. Then I reminded her of what happened shortly thereafter, at which point Emma gave me one of her usual glares and said, And you know whos responsible for that! Then, as per usual, she stormed out of my parents living room, where wed gathered to celebrate her 26th birthday. She returned 30 minutes later, when the vegan chocolate birthday cake my aunt Mabel had picked up at the Nothing With a Face Vegan Bakery was being served. Surprisingly, it wasnt half bad, either; just a bit chalky, perhaps due to the hemp flour or whatever it is they put in vegan baked goods.
As for my stay at the Paris Ritz, let me tell you, it was pure heaven! The most luxuriously decorated room I had ever seen, plus a full guest spa, of course.
Before turning in, after the most sumptuous room service evening snack tray Id ever had, which consisted of a bottle of Merlot, smoked Gouda, chilled grapes and fancy English soda crackers, I called Daniel. It was nearly suppertime in Vancouver.
Reynolds.
Well, hey there. Its Ariana
A brief silence while he let it sink in.
--Where are you?
I felt a bit sheepish. I told you already...in Paris.
All he did was sigh.
But I promise to stay in touch with you, so dont worry about the fact Im not in North America anymore. Ill call you every day and tell you of my findings. Isnt that great? Im saving you a lot of time and energy by doing this!
All I could hear was Daniel breathing. 
I just want to let you know I got here fine and Im about to turn in. I got a tip that Pierre and Jacques were spotted in the city, and Im going to follow up that lead.
Ms. Okata
Ariana.
Ariana, do you have any formal training in this sort of thing?
What sort of thing?
Tailing a suspect? Following up leads?
Formal training, no, but I do watch a lot of police shows on TV. Law & Orders my favourite, including all of the spinoffs. Plus Im using my common sense. Its gotten me far in life, I assure you.
I am strongly advising you not to do this.
I figured he had to keep being officious because his fellow police officers, not to mention partner, were probably close by and could hear what he was saying.
But its a condition of Teds will. He is trusting me to do this for him, and I cant let him down. Im not saying you wont do a perfectly adequate job, Constable Reynolds, Im just saying who couldnt use a little extra help, especially in this day and age of recessions and budget cuts? Now, I have it on good advice that my suspects have fled to Europe, and I intend to follow up that lead. I will keep you fully informed as to my findings, I assure you.
Plus it would give me an excellent excuse to contact Const. Daniel on a daily basis. He made a breathing-out-fast noise then, like he was amused at what I was saying.
"Your suspects?"
"Yes." I tried to sound assertive and confident.
Again, Im warning you not to interfere in any way with this investigation. And I cant give you information of any kind.
But I can give you information if I so choose, cant I?
Yes, I suppose so.
Good. I paused briefly, then decided to address his sole concern. I wouldnt do anything to jeopardize the prosecution of the guilty party, I assured him, using my best Law & Order-sounding line. I promise, all I will do is surveillance, nothing else. Guides promise.
He couldnt see me, but I was holding up two fingers, side by side, in a Girl Guide salute. Then I started to feel a little silly, so I lowered my hand back to my side.
There was a silence, as Daniel didnt know quite what to say. I could hear chatter in the background; general office noise, plus the words perp and grand theft auto. His coworkers were either talking shop or playing video games. At that point, he couldnt say yes and he couldnt say no because he was realizing that he couldnt stop me. In retrospect, this was his first lesson about me: stand in my way at your own peril. Well, maybe not peril, but at your own annoyance. I can be very, very annoying when I want to be. Just ask Emma.
Finally, his throaty, sexy voice zoomed through the fiberoptic lines and filled my ears and brain. I kid you not; my toes tingled at the sound of it.
I guess I cant stop you, Ms Ariana.
He was learning!
Just be sure to stay in touch, alright? And be very careful.
Oh, I will, I will! Goodnight, Constable Reynolds!
He sighed again; a definite sign of resignation, of adapting to my iron will. He was still a strong man, but also a bendy one. I couldnt have been more delighted!
Talk to you soon, Ariana.
Take care, Constable Reynolds. Nighty night!
I rang off. Then I leapt with glee onto my opulent, King-size bed and waggled my feet in the air, which I hadnt done since about grade 6.
Because I couldnt stop thinking about Const. Daniel and wishing he were with me in the City of Lights, I decided to send him a text message while standing on my private balcony, sipping the Merlot and gnawing on the chunk of Gouda.

Hi Daniel,
Thinking of U as I gaze at the Parisian city lights. As stated, will send U any clues I come across while here. Ta for now! But not for long!
Ari XO

Not very professional, no, and I didnt care who saw it. He was just that hot. Besides, by the time I got back to YVR, this case would be sol-ved, as a famous French movie detective used to say.
I figured that if I signed off with terms of endearment enough times, Daniel would get used to it, just like he got used to calling me by my first name. All part of my plan to slowly break him down just in time for when I am cleared from his suspect list. If I had to trot the globe in order to answer these questions, and more, I was willing to do it. Plus a little sightseeing and shopping wasnt going to hurt. Speaking of committing a crime, visiting Paris without shopping in the boutiques would have been criminal, and I fully intended to get some of that in before leaving.
As I settled in between the 1,000-thread-count sheets that night, so many questions were flying around inside my head: Was there a traitor on Teds team? What happened to the geologists? Were they really geologists? Were they really French? Just how hairy were they underneath their khakis? Was there really such a thing as a Lover of the Year Award in France? Was Teds ex-wife really a demon? Or was she, perhaps, a vampire? Or both? Theyre very in right now.
I needed to find the answers to all of these questions, not just for Teds sake but to cover my own carefully toned butt. I eventually drifted off into a restless sleep.
The next morning, I had a memorable Continental breakfast. Then, with my trusty, high-power German binocs in tow, I rented a car, a cute European one from a cute, young, European man whose name tag read Marc, with a C, who obviously had an eye for the ladies. He pressed his business card into my manicured hand at the same time he handed me my rental receipt and encouraged me to give him a ring when I was finished my business in Paris so he could show me around. I smiled sweetly at him and tucked his card into my new favourite red Goodmans lace bra, even though I doubted that I ever would contact him. But I digress. I reminded myself that I was here on serious personal business. I winked the right row of my PRC eyelashes at Marc with a C, gathered up my paperwork and car keys and headed out the door.
My first spot to check out was Le Bistro, which was mentioned in the text message. This is where J&P apparently were spotted sipping Earl Grey spiked with vodka and eating caviar on toast. So I took a seat in one corner and ordered exactly the same items. The waiter kindly informed me, in heavily accented English, that they did serve Earl Grey tea but not spiked with alcohol of any kind. I ordered it nonetheless. J&P must have brought their own vodka. 
While I waited, I took the opportunity to people watch. The patrons looked pretty ordinary; I figured at least two of them were starving writers whod come to Paris to live the artsy fartsy life of poverty, waiting to be discovered. They were both young, in their 20s, sitting alone by a window, sipping cappuccino and scribbling furiously in journals; very low tech. I figured they might do better sitting together and gazing into each others eyes while sipping cappuccino, rather than doing this silly starving artist thing. At least we were all in Paris! I was looking forward to some multitasking that afternoon; hunting for the two hairy Frenchman and checking out some of Pariss famous sites/sights before I had to board the plane the next day to my next destination. 
While eating my lightly toasted toast, topped with overly salty beluga caviar  where did they get this stuff, from the ocean or something?  and sipping my delightfully fragrant tea, I thought I spotted someone who looked suspiciously hairy, French and arrogant. I grabbed my binoculars out of my purse and looked through the bistro windows to the street outside, but it turned out to be a false alarm; just a swarthy cab driver yelling at a customer in what I assumed was an unfathomable language of some kind, and no, it wasnt French. Paris was much more multicultural than I thought it would be. There were also more Oriental girls than I thought there would be, which quite disappointed me because I enjoy being the only one. It makes me stand out from the crowd. As it was, no one really seemed to notice me, seeing as there were more than a few Oriental chicks like me hanging around and sightseeing. 
Before departing the very French caf, I stopped to question the waiters. Using my trusty English-French iPhone dictionary app, I asked if, on the previous Thursday, they recalled seeing or overhearing any extremely hairy male customers mentioning that theyd won the Lover of the Year Award. None of the waiters said they could recall anyone like that, so I thanked them and left. Before departing I mentioned that they needed to wash down the overly salty caviar better, but did take care to mention that their Earl Grey was quite exceptional, and that they should serve more English teas in their cafe. Then I walked out and into the Paris sunshine in my black patent Louboutins.
Donning my sunglasses, I figured I would take the opportunity, not being noticed so much for a change, reminding me of my pre-Ariana high school days, to do some sightseeing.

The Louvre
Or, for those who speak French, Le Louvre.
The Venus de Milo and the Mona Lisa. Two beautiful women  well, they were considered beautiful in their time  and two incredibly famous, and pricey, pieces of art. I know nothing about art but I was impressed because Id seen both of these on TV at one time or another, plus in documentaries in art class in high school. It made me wish Id taken Art History at university. I thought that maybe when I got back home Id sign up for a night course or something. 
In the Egyptian Antiquities section of the Louvre, as I admired the colossal statue of Ramses II (yes, that Ramses  they say he fathered 100 children), I had a sudden longing to visit Egypt, even though this hadnt yet come up on my private investigation itinerary. I felt a pull to go there that I couldnt explain, which became intensified that night after having a dream about chasing a swarthy man (no, not the cab driver), who looked suspiciously like either Jacques or Pierre, around the base of the Sphinx. I felt I was being called there, so I decided to make a side trip before returning home to Vancouver. If nothing else, I could check out a few mummies tombs and their gold trinkets.
After leaving the Louvre I took a cab, driven by a chatty, round man with red hair who was speaking with a Slavic accent, to the Eiffel Tower. La Tour dEiffel, again, for those who understand/speak French. The latter just sounds much posher than the former. 
Why did I head for the Tower, you ask? Well, for one, it was an essential tourist destination, and two, Id received another text message from the Secret Admirer while in the ladies bathroom at Le Bistro, beckoning me to the Tower because J&P might have been spotted there, sightseeing with a beautiful woman on each arm. 
It was fairly crowded on the main viewing decks of the Tour d'Eiffel, though not as bad as I'd thought, and yes, there were lots of Orientals, mostly Japanese schoolgirls from what I could tell. Despite my complete inability to speak the language, I can usually tell if the so-called mother tongue is being spoken. At first I thought they were speaking Korean, but then I heard the telltale neh and so, ka? so I was pretty sure it was Japanese. Not 100% but close enough. The boys (at least I think they were boys  if not, they were spiky-haired, flat-chested girls wearing $500 jeans and boutique t-shirts) were taller than I thought they would be, as were the girls. They were all taller than me, anyway. 
After admiring the view of the city, I walked all the way round both levels, carefully checking out the face of each man on deck, but none matched either Pierres or Jacques physical description. A few thought I was checking them out, which I was but not in the usual way I check men out, and gave me the eye. I just kept right on walking and searching. Not finding the men I was looking for, I was starting to head for the elevator when one of the men I had checked out approached me. An older gentleman with a jaunty moustache, he took my hand in his and lifted it to his lips. How genteel, I thought. How Parisian. He said nothing but only winked at me. He must have been at least 70 if he was a day. He wasnt particularly attractive, but was very charming. I smiled politely at him, said merci, and before he could invite me to have a glass of wine with him, the lift doors opened and I got in. As the doors closed he blew me a kiss. The man was nearly old enough to be my father, which might do it for some women but doesnt for me. However, his gentility, rather than his senility, was impressive. If even a few of the men here in France were like that senior citizen, I thought I just might forget about Constable Daniel and move to Paris. Then again, probably not. Daniel had some kind of hold on me that I couldnt explain. Call it pheromones or just plain, old-fashioned lust. It was good enough for me.
Speaking of the hunky Canadian cop, while I was riding back down inside the tower lift, my iPhone chimed the opening bars of "Summer Wind" from the depths of my handbag. I checked the display and it read: Daniel Reynolds. My pulse quickening, I hurriedly answered it.
Allo? -I mean, hello? Daniel? 
I knew he wouldnt mind by now if I started calling him Daniel. It was still a little early for Dan.
Ariana? How are you?
Im doing great, now! My pinky-red, nail-polished toes curled with glee. Good morning!
Morning. I thought I should pass some information on to you about Pierre Molyneaux and Jacques Chevalier.
Oh? Yes, please do!
We just got word that their bodies were found in the Mexican jungle. They apparently accidentally fell out of a helicopter while on a dig.
Really? 
I was stunned. Here I was running all over Paris and theyd been in Mexico the whole time, busy falling out of a helicopter. I took my time considering what this meant to my investigation. It meant Id have to move on to suspect #2 on my list. I gasped a teeny, weeny bit, for suspect #2 was the formidable and scary Veronica.
So you can return to Canada now, and meet with me so we can go over things, right? 
Det. Daniel sounded so hopeful that I found it very charming, yet ineffective. The prospect of meeting up with Daniel and going over things, especially if they were his things, sounded delightful, yet I had unfinished business in Europe. Despite the fact he made me weak in the knees, I was also an independent-minded woman with a mission that he just might have been trying to sabotage.
Right? His voice cut into my thoughts.
UmI dont think I can return just yet, as tempting as that sounds and believe me, it is tempting, Daniel. I have other suspects to follow up on before I leave the continent.
Ariana, as Ive already said-
Shhhh... 
He stopped talking, probably a little shocked at my insolence. He was, after all, a cop and not used to being silenced by, of all people, a murder suspect. Nonetheless, he obeyed. He was learning! I was thrilled.
Ill call you tomorrow and let you know how my investigation is going. Meanwhile, take care out there and thank you so much for updating me!"
All I heard was what I took to be rather heavy, exasperated breathing on Daniels end. I took the opportunity to ring off before he could protest.
Bye for now!
Wait!
And with that, although I hated to cut off such a sexy voice, I rang off before he, or Interpol, could trace my call. I figured that even if they did, I would be on an airplane flying out of Paris by that time.
My mind was swirling with investigative possibilities, none of which I could yet share with Const. Daniel. You wouldnt believe how much information a sweet, harmless-looking, petite Oriental girl like me can glean in the midst of a murder investigation. People tell me things they wouldnt tell anyone else; especially the men, of course. The women not so much, except for Molly; she tells me everything. Which reminded me, I had to text her just to let her know how things were going and to ask how her mother was. Mrs. Green had a long and storied history of shoplifting things she really didn't need from high-end craft stores. We all have our weaknesses, I suppose. Molly does worry about her so.
Ten minutes after texting my updates to her, Molly texted me back saying she had bailed her mother out just the previous day, after she had stolen a pair of bamboo knitting needles and five skeins of wool from Knitting Madness, our favourite knitting shop on West Fourth Avenue in Kitsilano. Molly and I are regular customers there; were currently knitting slightly-see-through halter tops in pink summer cotton. Her mother was one of their regular shoplifters. Theyd charged her at least four times previous to this incident. They should give her a preferred shoplifter card or something, dont you think, in the hopes that one of these days she might return and actually purchase something.
I decided to walk back to The Ritz, to give me time to process the turn of events Daniel had just informed me of. In order to do so in comfort, I stashed my high heels away inside my cavernous Coach bag and pulled out a pair of comfy flats I'd picked up from Goodman's bargain bin. 
I could hardly believe it; the two geologists were apparently deceased. Perhaps they were overcome with guilt over what they had done and decided to end their lives while on the job in a foreign land. Or perhaps it was even a murder-suicide. After all, they always seemed to do everything together, so why not die together too? If one or both of them had killed Ted, this meant the search for the killer would be over. But it was still very possible that one of the others on my suspect list was the guilty party. Then my mind began to spin another possibility: the killer could have arranged the joined-at-the-hip geologists dispatch, hoping that since they were the polices prime suspects, the investigation would end with their deaths and the real killer(s) would get away scot-free. I decided right there and then, not if I, Ariana Okata, budding private investigator, had anything to do with it. 
I briefly reflected on the dangerous red glares Suspect #2 had given me during the reading of Teds will. If anyone Id recently encountered could qualify as possibly being a murderer, it was her. My secret text admirer had advised me a few days earlier that Veronica had recently relocated to London, England with her new, much younger husband, an art curator. I immediately booked a direct flight from Paris to London .
As I packed my belongings inside my room at the Ritz (when will I ever be able to say those words again?), I was greatly looking forward to making an essential side trip to the land of Maggie Thatcher, tea and crumpets, and clotted cream  London, England! I practically leapt out of the cab when it arrived at Charles de Gaulle and ran to the check-in counter in my new, pink Louboutins. OK, I didnt run, I trotted, but thats still running in my books. Dont worry, I picked up an extra pair in blazing red, for a steamy date I was hoping to have back in Vancouver with one particularly hot member of the police department.



Chapter 8 - London, England: Where the Queen Reigns and Big Ben Towers
Wherein the heroine continues her search for Ted's killer(s), and is overjoyed to finally be in the land of M. Thatcher.
After taking my seat on the British Airways flight, I was simply thrilled to hear the pilots English accent come over the intercom. It was upper class, fatherly and calming, just the kind of voice you want to hear before youre about to be zoomed, Icarus-like, thousands of feet into the air inside a large metal box, close to lightning and clouds and the sun.
Lunch was suitably British, consisting of a watercress sandwich (with the crusts cut off, of course), Earl Grey tea and a shortbread cookie. The other passengers were either reading, sleeping or chatting with their seatmates. Being surrounded by posh, English accents was just too exciting, so I listened to Frank Sinatra on my iPod to calm myself down. I had downloaded a few of his tunes, after learning that he is Daniels favourite singer. He has such old-fashioned tastes, which I like, and I have to admit, Sinatra does have a fabulous voice; deep, throaty and fatherly.
In the middle of listening to Summer Wind I realized I might have a difficult time investigating Veronica, as I didnt have her address. I thought my Secret Admirer might be able to help me with that little detail, as he/shed been so very helpful with other things up to that point. Since I was asking for a favour, I was extra sucky about it:

Dear Secret Admirer,
Hello, darling  on my way to London, England. I need Veronicas new address thereU dont happen to have it on U?
Love and kisses,
Ari XO

I was itching so badly to get my designer stilettos onto British terra firma that I couldnt help but repeatedly strain my neck to look out the window at the approaching skyline, much to the irritation of the elderly lady sitting beside me in the window seat. At first she tolerated my childish behaviour with British grace deserving of the Queen herself, but after 20 minutes of this, I could see her patience was wearing thin so I tried to subdue myself. When the skyline appeared, however, I reverted to the same childish behaviour, prompting her to shoot me an annoyed look, which reminded me a lot of my mother. I think the British and the Japanese have a lot in common when it comes to expressing emotion, which is to say they dont do it very often, especially the older generation. When they finally do, it comes in the form of furrowed brows and quick glances loaded with meaning. It did the trick; I finally settled down into my seat and behaved like a good little girl, eyes forward. Besides, the fasten seatbelt sign had come on and it was time to land. Finally! I was about to visit the country that should have been that of my birth  Great Britain! One hour after departing Charles de Gaulle, the plane touched down at Londons Heathrow Airport, and it wasnt a moment too soon.
Why am I such a fan of the English? Well, besides having won the War of 1812 and taking on what is now Canada as another jewel in her lovely crown, one of them has to be the grand lady herself, Margaret Thatcher. While in high school, despite my deceptively fashionable appearance, I was political. When I was in grade 11, I ran for class president and won, promoting myself as a cross between Margaret Thatcher and Cher Horowitz from the movie Clueless. In fact, I blew up a photograph of M. Thatcher and hung it on my bedroom wall. It has some holes in it where Emma threw a few darts when I wasnt looking - actually, more than a few; the entire package of 12 - but its still there, although the room is now used by my parents as a spare bedroom. Whenever a foreign exchange student sleeps in there they ask, with their cute yet often unfathomable accents, Who is big picture of scary lady with holes in face? I told my parents to explain that she was the greatest Prime Minister the world has ever known, and a lady to boot. Emma says she was really "an evil man in a power skirt-suit," but what does she know. Emma hates men so youd think shed have been more supportive of Baroness Thatcher who was, after all, the first and only female PM of Britain, but go figure.
Everyone knew Baroness Thatcher was my role model, and that I modelled my campaign after her. I even earned the nickname, the Iron Cheerleader, seeing as I was head of the now-defunct Rossland High cheerleading squad. No, Margaret Thatcher wasnt a very attractive woman, but she was regal. She wore great suits, although Ill admit she looked a bit mannish in them, and she didnt have the greatest teeth, but from what I hear, who in Britain does? And people always made jokes about her husband, Dennis, because he was clearly not the one wearing the pants in the family, but whats wrong with that? He knew a genius leader when he saw one, or rather when he married one, and did her bidding. He would have been a fool to defy Maggie.
I want to be regal like her when Im old. Of course, by the time Im her age Ill still look like Im in my late 30s, early 40s at the most. During the high school election, I ran on a platform of No free lunches, just hard work. I saw to it that the cafeteria no longer handed out free hot lunches to underprivileged students unless they did a shift in the kitchen after school. No handouts. 
After buckling my seat belt in preparation for landing, I carefully planned my itinerary. While waiting to receive Veronicas addy from my Secret Admirer, my time would be spent: 1) Going to Buckingham Palace and watching the changing of the guard; 2) Having high tea at the Lanesborough Hotel, the Tea Guilds Top London Afternoon Tea Award winner for 2008, 3) Finding out where Maggie Thatcher lived and trying my best to catch a glimpse of the Baroness herself, 4) Shopping at Harrods for a Union Jack flag, biscuits etc., 5) Touring Big Ben, and 6) Crossing the real Thames, which I was sure would be much more satisfying than crossing the fake one in London, Ontario, which I have done a few times because I have rellies there.
And somewhere in there Id seek out Veronicas new flat or, possibly, mansion, as I had a feeling she and her new spouse werent exactly East Enders, in order to commence my investigation of her.
I began my first morning on British soil by having a spot of tea with a lightly poached egg and a crumpet in the cozy bed and breakfast dining room I was staying at, which was called The Hobbiton. Despite my dislike of the books and the movies, of which Emma is a huge fan, this B&B was recommended to me by my Frommers 2008 Guide to London, and Frommer is never wrong. 
I headed off at 8:15 a.m. sharp to Buckingham Palace to watch the changing of those cute guards in their red uniforms and gigantic, furry black hats that make them look like life-size Q-tips. Emma told me the hats are made from Canadian black bear fur. If this really is true, I dont personally like the idea of killing our cute, furry bears just to make a bunch of tall, silly looking hats, but I cant help but feel flattered that the Royals are using our Canadian beasts to clothe the royal guards. If Emma asked me to sign an anti-Canadian-bear-Queens-Guard-fur-hat petition, I honestly dont know if I would sign it or not. Just another one of those deep questions I prefer not to think about any longer than necessary.
I stood at the wrought iron gate with about 100 other tourists, mostly Americans from what I could hear, and waited for the guards to move a muscle. Many tourists were waving their cell phone cameras and camcorders around in the air above their heads, trying to catch footage of the guards as they marched past in formation, accompanied by a brass band. Underneath all that Canadian black bear fur they were probably a pretty cute bunch, but I couldnt see much due to their identical red uniforms and above-mentioned gigantic furry black hats which obscured their faces. They were all about the same height too. They certainly did know how to march in formation. I very much enjoyed all the pomp and ceremony, yet I couldnt help but think that watching the RCMP musical ride was just as entertaining, if not more so. But it was totally worth it to be in the presence of Her Royal Highness own guards, and in front of Buckingham Palace, and the real one, not the miniature one in Las Vegas or the one at the Miniature Village in Whitby, Ontario.
That very night, I had one of my strange dreams which felt like a premonition but I suspect was a past-life memory. I came to realize I had once been a palace guard. Im not sure for what country or at what palace, but Id certainly like to find out. I was European, which confirms my deepest suspicions that Im not really Japanese, and I could tell because I was guarding a large, stone palace with moats. There wasnt a pagoda or cherry tree in sight. Im pretty sure I was a man because I dont think they ever allowed women to be palace guards. Also, I vaguely recall sneaking off to some bushes to take a whizz, and I was standing up at the time. Then again who knows, maybe I was a girl pretending to be a boy. You know, the Yentl thing. Surely by now there must be some women guards guarding European castles, but they're probably very tall and mannish women, in order to fill out those handsome uniforms so nicely. Handsome but possibly gay women, I imagine. 
My next London tourist stop was High Tea at the Lanesborough Hotel. I brought along my tattered, much-read copy of Dickens Bleak House to read while I sipped Earl Grey from fine bone china cups and nibbled on various finger sandwiches and pastries stacked high upon a four-tier tray. Of course it included clotted cream, which was simply delicious smeared on a lighter-than-air raisin scone. The sandwiches were cream cheese and cucumber, some kind of pate filling, and smoked salmon. I was quite full after wiping out the entire four tiers and managed to finish two pots of tea. I am happy, but not surprised, to report that the Lanesborough Hotel washroom was elegantly decorated and very clean. 
This is a memory I shall treasure forever; I felt totally English the whole time I was there. The serving staff was polite yet reserved, just the way I like them to be. I tipped them generously before departing for my much-anticipated next stop  Maggie Thatchers personal residence! I felt as if in a dream.
In the past I had written for, and received, a personally autographed photo of the Baroness herself. I obtained this precious artifact by writing to the following address:

Baroness Margaret Thatcher
House of Lords
London SW1 0PW
UK

I immediately placed it into a frame and hung it in my office/den, on the wall behind the loveseat. Theres no way Id ever let Emma get close enough to my autographed photo of the grand dame, to throw darts at or smudge with her fingerprints. The only occasion when Emma got anywhere near it was when she brought me her vegan vegetable soup during one of my rare flus, which was really the only time Id ever allowed her to enter my residence, because there wasnt anybody else available to pick up the soup and some analgesic at the chemist for me.
Going by the address provided on www.politicalstalker.com, I found Maggies personal address with surprising ease: 25 Rose Garden Lane, in a quaint yet posh suburb just outside of London. After asking for a few directions, I found my way there on foot and by double-decker bus. You really must ride on one if you get a chance. I didnt even get carsick riding on the very top level. I enjoyed looking down on all the people below as they scurried on their way to work, school and the shops, like little ants.
Maggies home was a surprisingly modest estate  well, bungalow, really  hidden behind some large, neatly trimmed hedges. Upon first approach I spotted a form wearing a large sun hat and pruning some bushes, and I thought it might very well be the majestic Maggie herself. Craning my neck from behind a glorious pink rose bush in front of the neighbours yard, during which time their small dog began yapping furiously through the front picture window, I waited for a glimpse of the earnest gardeners face. When the figure turned, alas, it was merely a man in his 50s with a handlebar moustache, wearing what was surely his wifes garden hat. I began to wonder if this was, indeed, really Maggies house when the most amazing thing happened  the front door of the house opened and though no one appeared at first, it was unmistakeably Maggies voice thundering out authoritatively yet still managing to sound posh, to the moustachioed gardener, to Make sure you water the gardenias. Her voice cracked just a bit when she said it. 
I held my breath and out emerged a large female form, and by large I mainly mean tall, and much doughier than in past years but with that same regal bearing that was and still is Maggies. As she emerged further out into the driveway, I must admit, the years had not been kind to poor Maggie. No, she wasnt an attractive woman to start with, but unlike the Emmas of the world, I could see the beauty beneath the tough exterior. I had to look pretty hard but it was there, beneath the sculpted bouffant, pearl necklace and starchy lady PM suit. She could have used some makeup tips from a competent makeup artist, one who, at least, could have advised her on how not to let lipstick smudge against her enormous teeth and how not to apply blush in circles so as to end up looking like a circus clown. 
Emma likes to quip that Maggie Looks like a horse, and not the Thoroughbred kind. From personal experience, I have found that these sorts of comments are made by those who secretly envy the subject of their ridicule. Emma doesnt realize it, but she would switch places with Maggie if she got the chance. Even a commie like her would revel in the power that Maggie once had, and still does, IMHO.
I have to admit, though, something rather terrible happened while the form-that-was-surely-Maggie made her way to the driveway, followed by a smaller, thin man who surely must have been her spouse, Dennis, though he may have been a manservant of some kind. At first I thought she was reaching up to scratch on itch on her eyebrow, but her hand stopped somewhere close to her nose. Close to her nostrils, in fact. Then, with horror, I witnessed a most disturbing event. First her fingertip, then her first knuckle, disappeared up inside one of said nostrils. I had to turn away, I was so shocked. In disbelief, I turned back to look again. No doubt, it was Maggie Thatcher, Queen of British Parliament, the Iron Lady, Baroness Thatcher no less, up to her knuckle inside one flaring, stately nostril. Things were never the same after that incident. In my eyes, she had become too human. I turned away, one last time, and headed back down the sidewalk, not even bothering to ask Maggie for an autograph, in order to hail a cab. If I had taken a photo with my digital camera prior to the whole debacle, I would have immediately erased it; it was that bad and I was that mortified.
Perhaps in order to wipe clean the slate that was the awful image that had just been emblazoned in my mind, I suddenly was struck with the urge for some retail therapy. I sought out and found Jarrods Department Store, owned by Princess Dis lovers father, where I purchased two large shopping bags full of British knick knacks: miniature Queens Guard dolls complete with acrylic black bear fur hats (and made in Taiwan), a collectors plate bearing an official portrait of the Queen stamped on it (made, where else, in China), a Silver Jubilee spoon set (also made in China) that I knew Mom would just love to get for her birthday, and some t-shirts bearing messages like London is for Lovers and God Save the Queen, and one with a painting of Big Ben on it. I also purchased some souvenir books containing photos of the city in all its glory. But the pinnacle of all of these purchases was a Union Jack flag, which I planned to use as a bedspread. Some people take hot showers in the morning to invigorate them for the day. All I need is to wake up beneath my Union Jack flag, symbol of English colonialism, empire and power that it is, and I'm set. 
My last tourist activities of the day involved touring Big Ben and crossing the Thames, which I completed in under two-and-a-half hours. There was nothing much to report: everything looked pretty much the same as it had on the Google Earth tour I'd already taken a couple weeks previous. 
After a whirlwind day of sightseeing in London, I was totally, completely knackered. After picking up take-away fish and chips, I retired to my room at The Hobbiton for a quiet evening alone. Well not entirely alone, as I was planning to make my night phone call to hunky Constable Daniel back in Van.
Just prior to my nightly phone call, I checked my text messages. As usual, there was one from Emma, giving me her usual update on what was pissing her off that day, and how I had somehow played a role in it. More importantly, there was also a response to my previous text message request from my Secret Admirer:

Dearest Ari,
Veronicas address is #4-127 Chestnut Crescent. Its in the Kensington/Chelsea area of the city. Happy hunting! :)

There was that damnable happy face again. I decided that I really had to ask SA to stop including that leering visage in future messages, but held off for the time being so as not to offend my helpful assistant. I texted back:

Dear SA,
Thanks for your most helpful info. Ill do my best.
Ari XO

Very polite and Canadian, no? I phoned a cab on my iPhone and told the driver to take me to the Kensington/Chelsea area. While in the cab, I donned my huge sunglasses and floppy sunhat in order to disguise myself, in case Veronica made an appearance.

Spying Practice
It turned out that Kensington/Chelsea is one of the most posh neighbourhoods in all of London. I was not surprised; Veronica did not strike me as the slumming-it type. When I found #4-127 Chestnut Crescent, it turned out to be part of a handsome row of greystone townhouses with lovely, colourful window boxes and weeping willows out front. There was a small, equally well-tended park across the street, so I parked myself on a bench there and pulled out my tiny, yet high-powered, private investigator binoculars and waited. Id packed a light lunch of cucumber sandwiches (with the crusts removed, English style), a packet of crisps, and a carton of chocolate milk, in case my stake-out took more time than expected.
For the first hour, no one arrived or departed from Veronicas residence. I did, however, think I spotted a handsome man in a dashing three-piece suit who looked suspiciously like Daniel Craig, star of the latest James Bond spy movie, ducking out of townhouse #1 and into a cab, but I may have been wrong about that.
Then it started to rain, so I pulled out my new polka-dotted brella I bought at Harrods and opened it. Just then, another cab pulled up in front of townhouse #4 and out emerged a woman just the right size to be Veronica. She was wearing a Hermes scarf tied under her chin, like Jackie O., and large-framed sunglasses, so I couldnt make a positive identification. A man looking to be in his 30s also emerged but from the other side of the cab; a quite hot man whom I recognized as the one whod remained close by Veronicas side throughout Teds funeral service. He ran to her side, opening an umbrella over her head. Before the pair moved quickly inside townhouse #4, I managed to take a few shots of them with my iPhone camera.
Wanting to get a closer look at my new prime suspect, I waited until dusk fell, pretending to wait for the bus while reading my copy of M. Thatcher; His Life and Times. Despite my somewhat fading admiration of the Iron One, I still loved reading about her, from afar, as was my preference post nostril-picking. As for the title of her bio, I really should write to the publisher and point out their typo, when I have a moment. Youd think theyd have noticed it by now. 
As little birdies began their twilight chirping, I put the biography away inside my bag and crossed the street, carefully looking both ways because I didnt have travel insurance. A careless oversight, yes, and one which I corrected within a few days of arriving in Europe. I just wanted to first make sure my travel budget had a generous contingency for shopping and other such necessities.
Being a work night, the street was empty. I slowly opened the front gate, which, thankfully, was well maintained and did not squeak, then crept around the side of the house to a window there. A light was on inside and I peered in  it was Veronicas kitchen, rather garishly decorated in bright colours with pictures of fruit adorning the walls. Detecting movement inside, I climbed partway up a fence dividing her property from her neighbours and ducked back behind some sort of bush situated conveniently next to the fence, which perfectly hid me from view but also allowed me a partial view into the kitchen. 
This is what I saw: the hot man whom I'd seen holding the umbrella for Veronica an hour earlier was now wearing diapers and a dog collar, to which was attached a chain. He was holding his hands up in front like paws and his pathetic tongue was hanging out of his mouth. Holding the other end of said chain was Veronica, wearing red stiletto heels, fishnet stockings and what must have been a custom-made merry widow, given her ample assets. She was also wearing a red harlequin mask on her face, but it still didnt hide those glowing red eyes of hers. They were glowing extra brightly now, perhaps indicating a high level of excitement. And just below said mask were the telltale Vampira fangs Id suspected were there all along. I cringed at the thought she was about to take a bite out of her much-younger husband, whom she blithely led through the kitchen, with a beagle following close on his heels, barking with excitement. A beagle? I would have pictured a Demon from the 7th Realm of Hell, and possibly a vampire to boot, to have a hellhound of some kind; either a Rottweiler or a Doberman pincher, not Barney the beagle. It made for a rather discordant image. Perhaps the beagle belonged to her milquetoast husband, and Veronicas hellhound was chained in the back yard, waiting for his pound of flesh. Welcome to the upper-class suburbs of London, was all I could think. Yet another surprise, in addition to my earlier shock at seeing Baroness Thatcher in one of her decidedly low-class, private moments, when the paparazzi cameras werent upon her. I couldnt help but feel a little disappointed overall with my first brush with the British upper class. 

Demons-R-Us
As I continued to peer through Veronica's townhouse kitchen window, I felt it was as good a moment as any to use the device Id brought with me all the way from Vancouver; a Demon-o-Meter. Id ordered it off the internet from Ghosts-R-Us, a company that sells ghost hunting/ghost busting/mediumistic accoutrements for budding psychic detectives like me.
I pressed the ON switch of the Demon-o-Meter, at which point a little green light on top began blinking, and pointed it directly at Veronica, through the kitchen window, for a reading. I watched the little screen on the front, as a stainless steel needle began to move across the gauge. According to this piece of sophisticated technology, which according to the insert was designed in Transylvania (though stamped Made in China on the back in microscopic letters), Veronica rated only a Demonic Mood, not a Full Demon. 
Once, when Juan (this, I decided on a psychic gut hunch, was Veronicas new husbands name) accidentally bumped into her leg in his growing excitement, the meter spiked up to Demon First Class, which was at the bottom of the full Demon spectrum, and I also thought I caught a glimpse of some steam rising from her curly blonde hair, which I assumed was a wig. When Juan begged for her forgiveness and started kissing her feet and licking her ankles, an activity which their beagle then took much delight in copying, the needle slowly descended back down to Demonic Mood, then continued to plummet down further to Diva. Apparently, all was forgiven, at least in the world of diapered men and bustier-wearing demons. I was beginning to wonder if Veronica really was a Demon from the 7th Realm of Hell, or just a garden-variety rich cougar with somewhat demonic genes and definitely-demonic moods. But those red eyes of her were a giveaway. Perhaps she was merely one of those demons whose bark was worse than her bite; at least, I hoped so.
Feeling rather concerned for the diapered spouses wellbeing and thus feeling the need to document the goings-on for future possible divorce proceedings, I grabbed my iPhone out of my bag and started taking pictures. Unfortunately, in my haste, Id forgotten to shut off the flash feature, and my first photograph lit up the outside of the kitchen window. Veronicas head immediately swiveled to look at the flash of light, her red eyes clashing with the white flash, and I immediately pulled back and started climbing down from the fence. Then I fell the rest of the way, which wasnt very far since Id only been looking through a first-floor window (thank goodness). I picked myself up, dusted myself off, and began running the hell out of there. As my stiletto heels were not made for short-distance sprinting, I removed them and ran the rest of the way down the street in my bare feet. True, the street was still damp from the sprinkle of rain earlier, but luckily Chestnut Crescent was kept so clean you could practically eat off it. I would have given it a shot, too, if Id had enough time. Every block of London must have a fish and chips stand, though I didnt notice any in the posh parts.
By the time Id run two or three blocks I realized that I must have been in better shape than Id thought, as I was scarcely out of breath. I turned then to look back but saw no one, not even the little beagle, pursuing me. Considering their state of undress, they'd probably thought twice about running out into the street, lest the neighbours saw them and drummed them out of town for being such deviants. Then again, perhaps not. Perhaps they were just too lazy to give chase.
I caught a cab and arrived back at the hotel flushed from the unexpected exercise and from excitement over nearly being caught on my first official surveillance. I was now a tried and true private detective! I even had naughty surveillance photos to start my file with. Id been bitten by the Private Eye bug, and I had to have more.
I slipped into my evening bubble bath with some of that Bubbles Galore Potion No. 5 (this time I did catch a glimpse of Constable Daniel in the shower, but only managed to get an all-too-brief view of his soaped up, bulging muscles; that is, before those particular bubbles popped, dammit!) and poured myself a glass of Merlot. Still in the tub, I called Daniel for our nightly chat. I didnt mention having recently caught a glimpse of him showering, but believe me, it was very much on my mind. It was around mid-afternoon, Van time.
Constable Reynolds? Its Ari here. How are you?
Good, thank you. Hows Europe?
He sounded just a tad sarcastic. I brushed it off.
Just smashing! Im hot on the trail of my second suspect, and Ive found some very illuminating information already.
Oh, really? Sounds interesting. When are you returning to Vancouver? 
I got the distinct impression he was humouring me. 
Im not sure yet. Ill come back when I get what I came for. Just wanted to check in and see how you are.
I'm just fine, but I'm more concerned about you.
He was? Score!
However, since I cant stop you, I think its a very good idea you do phone me every day. That way Ill know youre alright.
I was touched. He was showing some concern for my wellbeing. And yes, I know, keeping tabs on me since I was still a suspect. But it was he, not I, who had just suggested talking to each other every day, an idea I was, of course, all for.
Thanks for your concern, Daniel, I do appreciate it. Hows the investigation on your end?
Its moving along. I knew he wouldnt tell me a thing, but that was OK because I was going to solve this on my own. But Im glad you called because I wanted to ask you some questions, he continued. 
Ask away! I slipped further down into the remaining bubbles and closed my eyes, enjoying the sexy, sonorous sound of his deep, masculine voice.
Have you spoken to Molly lately?
I was puzzled. Why was he asking about Molly all of a sudden, instead of me?
Yes, just the other day, in fact. Why?
Has she mentioned anything that sounded a little, well, suspicious to you?
I sat upright amidst the frothy bubbles, not believing what I was hearing.
Is she a suspect? I queried.
Ariana, you know that everyone who worked at your company is a suspect. Even you.
Yes, but, Molly? Sweet, harmless Molly? Do you think she had something to do with all this? The thought had never even crossed my mind. My Molly? 
She was the company bookkeeper, and she admitted to once dating Jacques Chevalier. Thats enough to make me want to know more.
I had to admit, he had a point. But Molly? She'd never hurt a fly, unless it was one of those nasty bluebottle ones that bite, and even then she'd probably trap it inside an empty jam jar and let it slowly suffocate rather than squish it with a fly swatter. She hadn't a violent bone in her entire body.
Has she ever said anything to you that sounded the least bit suspicious? he pressed me again. 
I scanned my memory bank of past conversations with her. All I came up with were sex tips from Cosmo and updates on her mothers shoplifting exploits.
No. Nothing.
Well, if anything comes up, will you tell me?
I had to choose between my BFF and the man I was diligently working on to become my next boyfriend, and not just for the short term. I finally made my choice.
Yes. I will.
Good. I wont keep you any longer. Its good to hear youre doing well.
Yes. Ditto. Goodnight Constable Reynolds.
Goodnight, Ariana.
Id thought this relationship was cooking along very nicely, until Daniel threw in the Molly monkey wrench. How could the man I was hoping to soon date possibly suspect my best girl friend of murder? I felt a wee bit guilty even thinking it might be possible. But then my budding private investigator self piped up and asked, Molly did phone me less than 12 hours after Teds deathhow did she find out so quickly? 
I fell asleep around midnight with the sound of Daniels suspicious, though unbearably sexy, voice resonating in my thoughts.

The next morning, after a restless slumber, I returned to Veronicas townhouse at 9:30 a.m., this time disguised as a run-of-the-mill immigrant cleaning lady, in some second-hand polyester uniform Id picked up at a local thrift shop, just in time to see the postman delivering mail to Townhouse #4. If anyone tried to strike up a conversation with me, I was planning to use the classic line, Me no speakee English. In order to fulfill my role as an undercover private investigator, it was important that I stay in character.
The mailman dropped a few items inside a metal mailbox situated on the wall beside the front door of Townhouse #4, then departed, moving on to the next residence. When at last hed finished his rounds, and noticing that no one from inside Veronicas unit had yet opened the front door to retrieve the mail, I cautiously approached the front gate, then opened it, walked through and up the front path to the door. The mailbox was filled mostly with flyers, but there was one piece of useful mail marked:

Ms. Veronica Davison
#4-127 Chestnut Crescent, London
UB3 5AP

And, more interestingly, the return address read:

The Mephistopheles Club
P.O. Box 14577, London
W11 2BQ

I knew who Mephistopheles was, so I stuffed that envelope in one of the side pockets of my uniform and returned the rest of the mail to the box, being careful not to let it clang shut. Then I crept away, seen only by a large, fluffy grey cat watching me from the front window of Veronicas flat. In retrospect, for all I knew, that cat might have been demonic Veronica herself because arent demons supposed to be shapeshifters? Its a good thing it occurred to me only later, as the thought might have unsettled me so much I'd have returned the piece of mail to its rightful place inside the mailbox.
Settling into a tea shop three blocks away, I ordered a pot of Earl Grey and a blueberry scone with whipped butter and tore open Veronicas letter. Yes, it was very illegal, and in a foreign country too, but I figured it was valid given I was on private investigation business, and was investigating a murder, and the mail belonged to a prime suspect to boot. Besides, shed never even know it was missing. During future investigations, I decided to use the good old steam method to open envelopes, a technique which Im quite sure Nancy Drew herself has employed, so that said envelopes can be resealed and returned with no one the wiser.
Inside the envelope was an 8.5 x 11-inch sheet of white paper folded into thirds. I opened it up and read these words:

The Mephistopheles Club of North London requests the pleasure of your company at our 10th Anniversary Raising of the Grand Benighted One Himself at 10095 Clarks Row, North Manchester. BYOB, torches and costume, and don't forget your sunglasses. Please note: leave children and pets at home, so as to avoid any unfortunate mishaps this time round. Also note: photography is not allowed at these, nor any, summoning events. You may recall what happened to the last member caught taking photographs. RSVP to the return snail mail address or, alternatively, to this electronic address: organizer@mephisto.pip (untraceable for your, and our, convenience).

I, of course, had to attend. It sounded like the kind of event that called for a costume of some kind, so off I went to do my favourite thing: costume shopping.
Feeling like an Oriental, female version of Tom Cruise in the movie Eyes Wide Shut, I combed the costume shops of London for a suitable getup. I finally settled upon something I found in a quaint mom and pop costume shop called Characters that was similar to what Id seen Veronica wearing in her upper-middle-class, Iron Chef kitchen: fishnets, a one-piece purple bustier with ostrich feathers stitched along the top, with high-cut legs, and a glorious, black cape with a purple satin lining. And dont forget the mask, an elaborate harlequin with sequins and feathers. I donned all of this and added my Furious Fuchsia lipstick, piled my lustrous, black hair on top of my head with a few tendrils hanging down at the sides, stepped into my black patent leather Louboutins and voila; I was a small-statured, Oriental Vampira, sans fake fangs.
I also made sure to take along my Ray Ban sunglasses, as the invitation had instructed, though I had no idea why we'd need them in the middle of the night. It piqued my curiosity all the more. I hooked one folded temple of the Ray Bans into the cleavage of my bustier and felt as ready as I'd ever be to attend an old-fashioned, British devil-raising.
I arranged for a cab to pick me up at The Hobbiton. Wearing a full-length cape over top of my Vampira costume, I gave the cabbie the address. It took about 40 minutes to get there. It was dark by then, and we were on the edge of a wooded area. I tore a 50-pound note in half and told my cabbie Id give him the rest if hed wait for me until I was ready to leave. 
You been watching too many movies, miss, he quipped in a distinctly working-class accent, but agreed to wait. 
As I approached the throng gathered in the wooded area, there appeared to be at least 100 people or more gathered around a huge bonfire. I put my harlequin mask in place and joined them. Walking on a forest floor in 4-inch stilettos is quite difficult, and it took me a while to get the hang of it without falling over. Everyone had a drink of some kind in hand and were laughing and hooting it up. Nearly all of them were in costume, and by costume I mean the devil-worshipping kind: lots of red capes, pitchforks and your basic stereotypical Halloween devil costume getups. A few witches with pointy black hats, capes and brooms, too. They didnt strike me as serious Satan worshippers and seemed to be a friendly bunch, so that put me at ease, despite the reason theyd presumably gathered together that evening.
I removed my cape and hung it on a handy nearby tree branch, which earned the attention of some men in my immediate vicinity, a few of whom came over and started chatting with me. It turned out they were mostly professionals; solicitors, judges, and accountants. Thats when I started to have my doubts about the seriousness of this group. I thought that the devil worshipping was probably more of a front to what was really a group of jaded urbanites who just wanted a spot to dress in silly costumes, unwind and get completely hammered. It seemed, overall, a pretty well behaved and tame group. I told the throng of men standing around me that I was a dental hygienist from Chicago in town visiting an aunt, and they seemed alright with that.
Then I spotted Veronica standing about 15 feet away in the same outfit shed been strolling through her kitchen in two days previous, and her diapered husband was also in tow. I briefly wondered how shed known about the gathering, seeing as Id taken the invitation from her mailbox and never returned it; but it occurred there were many other modes of publicity, including e-mail and social media, and of course the possibility that shed used her demonic intuition. And there's also good, old-fashioned word of mouth.
I was relieved to have my harlequin mask in place. Good thing, too, because the dentist from Kent Id been chatting to decided to introduce me to Veronica, calling her over with a wave of what looked like a recently manicured hand. By the time she and her husband came over, he was sucking his thumb and making goo-goo noises. Then he straightened up slightly and winked at me before jamming his thumb back in his mouth. 
Veronica extended one elegant, long-fingered, red-nail-polished hand out towards me and I shook it. I noticed a very large diamond perched on top of one finger, which sparkled in the light of the bonfire.
Charmed, she proclaimed in her throaty, posh accent.
Raising my voice an octave or two, I responded, Nice to meet 'cha! and a flicker of suspicion moved quickly over her features before it was gone, her eyes glinting red ever so slightly. A small chill went up my back. I think I may have sounded a bit like Minnie Mouse on crack. Thank god for the mask, I again thought to myself.
"Would you please excuse me," she then intoned, any possible suspicions apparently forgotten. "The ceremony must begin."
Then Veronica, to my surprise, stepped closer to the bonfire and placed her hands on her generous hips, preparing to address the crowd.
"May I have your attention. The Summoning shall now begin. Everyone join hands!" she declared.
A large circle was formed around the bonfire, with Veronica standing in the middle, next to the fire. In a most dramatic fashion, she raised her arms to the dark sky, tipped her head back and began to chant:

Hoo rah, hoo rah
Mephistopheles is risen
In a car park, sewings great
Many thanks of splenda soared
Hoo rah, too rah
Rice down pat

At least, that's what it sounded like to me. I had no idea what she was saying but pretended that I did. After repeating this incantation three times, Veronica then went to stand beside her diapered boyfriend, clasping his hand in hers and that of a tall man, vaguely resembling Bela Lugosi's Dracula, in her other one. 
As I, too, joined hands within the circle, I couldn't help but feel I was attending little more than a high-end costume party. Then I reminded myself that said costume party was in the English countryside, and I felt completely justified and happy to be there. I waited enthusiastically to see what would happen next.
Led by Veronica, the group began the same chant; at first softly, then growing in volume and urgency. We started walking in a circle, still holding hands, and I still didn't have a clue what we were chanting. However, I tried my best to pretend to be a card-carrying member of the M. Club whod memorized all of the chants, so I played along.

Hoo rah, hoo rah
Mephistopheles is risen
In a car park, sewings great
Many thanks of splenda soared
Hoo rah, too rah
Rice down pat

My voice was drowned out so the fact it was complete gibberish didnt really matter. I didnt imagine it could possibly raise entities of any kind, demonic or otherwise. 
However, it turned out I was wrong.
We chanted this at least five more times before I thought I was noticing more smoke than usual wafting up from the crackling bonfire in the middle of the circle of worshippers. It wasnt my imagination; the fire roared even higher, much to the delight of all those present, the smoke increased, and a wind started to whip around all of us. I realized that everyone was now donning their sunglasses, so I followed suit.
When the noise, fire and tension seemed like it couldn't get any higher, suddenly there was a thunderous clap, like a gigantic ringmaster's whip being cracked. At first I though it was thunder, but I soon noticed the air was shimmering close to the fire, then a form began to take shape! I was so frightened I grabbed the naked, fleshy arm of Tod the dentist, who seemed to be garbed as a Roman senator of some kind, in a white tunic, sandals and with a garland of oak leaves on his head. He grabbed my arm, too, and we both took a step backwards. 
Glancing over at Veronica who was standing one-quarter of the way around the circle from me, her hands were clasped together with glee, and she had a demonic smile on her collagen-enhanced, blood-red lips. I also noticed she was wearing a fabulous pair of what appeared to be rhinestone-studded, cat's-eye designer sunglasses, perhaps from the spring Chanel collection but I couldn't be sure. As she smiled, which was the first time I had ever seen her do so, her pearly white teeth shone brightly as the bonfire flames grew and curled up towards the black sky. Her canines were particularly prominent and looked very sharp.
When I heard a collective gasp from the group, I looked back at the shimmering shape that had been materializing right next to the fire. It was gradually starting to take on a recognizable form, like that of a man, in fact. I was half expecting to see a pair of horns or a tail on him, but there didn't appear to be any. 
The fire had grown so hot I took another step backwards. 
What the flip?! proclaimed Tod the dentist/Roman senator. I was inclined to agree.
Before we knew it, a fully materialized, naked man with a potbelly was standing before us, trying to cover his naughty bits and looking just as frightened as we did. He looked around wildly at the large circle of designer-sunglass-wearing worshippers.
It was then that Veronica stepped forward, put her hands on her generous hips once again, and addressed the recently materialized, otherworldly figure.
Who art thou? Art thou Mephistopheles himself? she queried the visitor in what I thought was an unnecessarily Shakespearean manner.
MuhmuhMephistoph??- no- no  Im Reginald Barns! the naked, potbellied man cried out in a Cockney accent,  m having bypass surgery in St. Marys Hospital! What m I doing ere? Where am I? 
And then, looking down at himself, - and where are me clothes?
I felt sorry for the poor man. Then I looked over at Veronica, who appeared distinctly embarrassed, for some reason. In addition to the smile I'd seen just a moment earlier, this was the first time I'd ever seen her look like she wasn't in charge of things. In fact, she looked unsure of herself, which surprised me greatly. Then, regaining her composure, she shook her head.
Uh, Im afraid theres been a mistake, Reggie. Youll have to go back from whence you came. Either that or continue on to another plane, but not this one. Youre in a farmers field in North Manchester, Reggie. Well send you back. Sorry bout that luv.
As her accent had slipped from posh to pedestrian, I began to wonder if Veronica was really from the British upper classes after all, or if she was just a poser. Kind of like me; for the moment, anyway.
With that, Veronica rejoined the circle and we all began walking again, and chanting; a different verse this time, which I didnt bother to pretend to know, so I just walked and watched the embarrassed, naked man standing in the middle, giving him the odd encouraging smile as I did so. He wasnt there for long; eventually he began to shimmer again, became more and more translucent, and then disappeared entirely, waving goodbye to us as he went. I felt a bit sad seeing him go, and silently wished him well.
As for the purported devil raising, it had become apparent to me that this group might be able to raise a ruckus, but probably not the devil, so I decided to make my graceful exit. However, before I could do so, Bela Lugosi's Dracula piped up, in what I guessed might be a London accent, "So what was that all about, Ronnie? I thought we came here to raise the Devil. At least that's what it said on my invite."
A general disgruntled grumbling began to ripple through the circle. I looked over at Veronica and, again, saw that same look of apprehension and, dare I say it, fear, on her face. The grumbling grew a bit louder.
"Um, uh, perhaps the chant wasn't quite right. You know how fussy He can be. Perhaps if I make a slight adjustment it'll work. Let's try it again, shall we?"
She grabbed her boyfriend's hand, pulling his thumb out of his mouth, as well as the hand of a woman dressed as a naughty nurse. I intended to ask her, before she left for the evening, exactly where she'd bought her white, patent, Mary-Jane, platform heels.
Dracula crossed his arms and looked at Veronica, whose nickname was apparently Ronnie to her friends, in disbelief. "That's what you said last time when you raised Elvis. Not that I didn't enjoy it, I did. But Elvis isn't the Devil, is he? You also said this wouldn't happen again. I'm starting to think you aren't quite the demon you claim to be."
Some of the others nodded and murmured in agreement.
"If this happens one more time, I think we'll have to consider electing someone else as Grand Summoner, what do you think boys and girls?"
Again, there was general agreement amongst the crowd, except louder this time.
"Please, just give me one more chance! I can do it, really I can!"
I had never heard Veronica beg before. She was like a different person. Was I really looking at Veronica, demonic turner of flesh to stone and ex-wife of my beloved murdered boss, Ted, not to mention murder suspect? As I regarded her in the fading light of the bonfire, she appeared distinctly vulnerable and, wellhuman.
Tod, the dentist/Roman Senator piped up then. "We'll think about it."
The crowd murmured, "Yes, yes, we'll think about it," and then dispersed into the night, returning to their BMWs, Mercedes Benzes and toney, upscale London townhouses and penthouse apartments.
Rooted to the spot, I looked over at Veronica again. In a word, she looked defeated. Even Juan was disappointed, as evidenced by the scowl on his face and the fact that he wasn't clinging to her anymore. Giving her what could only be described as an angry look, he jammed his thumb back in his mouth and walked away as fast as his diapers would allow. At that point, Veronica was standing all alone beside the bonfire, her once-proud posture now sagging rather wearily. She looked so pathetic, I almost offered to help her put out said bonfire, before coming to my senses. I had to maintain a professional distance because, after all, she was a suspect, not to mention a demon of some sort, though apparently not a very good one. Perhaps she needed to take a refresher course of some sort.
I picked up my cape from the handy tree branch, swung it over my head and round my shoulders, and fastened it at my throat once again. When I glanced in Veronica's direction, I saw that familiar glint of red in her eyes and remembered why it was Id come to this farmers field in the first place. I still didnt know for sure, but my gut told me that if she really was a competent demon from the 7th Realm, surely shed be able to summon her boss properly, so at that point I wasnt convinced. Had she murdered Ted? I really didnt know, but it was time to move on down my suspect list to get a better overview of things. If needed, I could always resume my investigation of her at a later date, after gathering more evidence in the field.
The cabbie was waiting for me, as hed promised, so I gave him the other half of the 50-pound note, plus a roll of clear tape to put it back together. I am nothing if not considerate. I fell asleep on the cab ride back to The Hobbiton, happy in the knowledge that Id be catching the next available flight out of London, though I didnt know what my next destination would be until the next morning.
I was so tired I didnt even bother calling Daniel, so that means I must have been really, really knackered. Who knew that prancing around in the English countryside with recreational devil worshippers, even incompetent ones, could be so exhausting. 
Before turning in, I sent Daniel a brief text message summation of my day:

Hi Daniel,
I hope all is well with U  any new leads? Just got in from a devil-worshipping ceremony in the English countryside. Dont worry; they didnt know what they were doing. Its time I moved on to my next suspect. 
Will update U soon.
Ari XO

That night I dreamt of the attempted devil raising, and of Veronica looking defeated and small. All over again, I felt disappointed and sad to see her this way, as I had earlier that night. My feelings led me to my next decision: before leaving the hallowed isle of Britain, I would try to make non-antagonistic contact of some kind with the demon lady, hopefully without getting burnt or turned into a boulder in the process. I figured it was worth a try, though I wasn't sure exactly why I felt motivated to do so. Perhaps I just felt sorry for the woman, who up until that point had been so regal in her evilness and dangerousness that some part of me must have admired her for it. In retrospect, perhaps this was somewhat similar to my admiration for the somewhat scary and formidable Baroness Thatcher. I don't like to see statuesque, overbearing women fall from grace, and briefly recalling the unfortunate viewing of the Baroness with one long, bony finger up her similarly long and pointy nose was enough to spur me into action the very next morning.
I returned to Veronica's townhouse and approached the front door, somewhat apprehensively. I almost knocked but thought better of it. Peering through one of the front windows, I saw Veronica and Juan standing inside, in the sitting room, and they appeared to be arguing. Juan was no longer dressed as a man-baby, but wore a blue Oxford cloth shirt tucked into a pair of carefully worn-out designer jeans. And he looked angry. At first, so did Veronica; then she looked desperate and seemed to be pleading with him. Ignoring her, he picked up a bulging suitcase (Hermes, I think) from the floor and headed for the front door.
I immediately fled the scene, removing my black patent Louboutins and running as fast as I could out of sight, which was half a block down the sidewalk, before putting my stilettos back on, jamming my collapsible sunhat on my head and donning my sunglasses. I assumed the role of a fashionable passerby out for a late afternoon stroll.
The front door of the townhouse flew open and Juan emerged. Veronica stuck her head out as he departed. 
"Don't go! Don't go! I need you, I need you!"
Veronica's pleading, now in a distinctly working-class accent, did nothing to change Juan's mind. He tossed his suitcase into the back seat of a shiny, red, MG convertible parked curbside, hopped into the driver's seat, and the engine roared to life. As he drove past me, he smiled and winked before sliding a pair of aviator sunglasses onto his nose. I nodded once but continued pretending to be an innocent passerby rather than a not-so-innocent private investigator on a surveillance job.
Veronica had apparently not noticed Juan's casual wink in my direction, as she slunk slowly back inside her dwelling and shut the door. Before she did so, I could hear Barney, the not-at-all-demonic beagle, barking excitedly.
Not sure what to do next, I walked over to a very well-groomed park just across the street and sat on a bench to think. I had the distinct urge to communicate with Veronica, but wasn't sure if it was worth risking at least a second-degree skin burn. After five minutes of deep thought, I found my Louboutins walking back to Veronica's front door, with me in them, naturally. I raised my hand, about to knock on said door, when my good judgment kicked in. My hand froze and, instead, I peered once again through the front window. 
I could see Veronica sitting on the floor. Her beagle from hell was licking her face, trying to cheer her, and the sight touched me so much that tears sprang to my eyes. I wasn't wrong; someone had to reach out to the poor woman, despite the risks. From what I'd witnessed in the recent past, I couldnt imagine she had many friends to turn to at a time like this.
I reached into my bag and produced a notepad and pen. Not wanting to tip her off that I knew she was a demon from the Seventh Realm of Hell, I worded my note carefully: 

Pls. meet me at the Lanesborough Hotel for high tea tomorrow at 3 p.m. I would like to offer you my support.
Sincerely,
Ariana Okata (Ted's former secretary)
P.S. As we may take a stroll along the Thames, could you please wear a pair of polarized sunglasses, just in case? Many thanks.

The Thames part, of course, was a little fib on my part.



Chapter 9 - High Tea with the Demon Herself
I waited patiently in the main tearoom at the Lanesborough Hotel, arriving 15 minutes early. I chose a table in the middle of the room and sat facing the front entrance. I couldn't help but feel a tad nervous, checking my hair and makeup a few times. Despite my negative run-ins with Veronica, for some reason I wanted to make a good impression upon her. While I waited, I checked my iPhone for any new text messages from a special someone named Daniel, but found none. I tucked my iPhone back into my bag and turned my attention fully towards the front entrance. I would need my wits, and possibly sunglasses, which I had placed on top of my head, about me for the upcoming encounter.
Right on time, Veronica entered the premises dressed in a stunning scarlet-red wool skirt suit and equally stunning red, brimmed hat with a pheasant's feather in the brim. The lady knew how to make an entrance. Everyone turned to look at her, even the busboys. I waved and she approached my table somewhat hesitantly and without a smile. She looked suspicious more than anything, but I decided she just needed a little time to warm up to me, and I to her. After all, the last time she'd seen me (not counting the attempted Devil raising, during which I was in disguise) she'd tried to burn holes in my face. One hand instinctively started to move towards the shades sitting atop my head but I paused, wanting to give her the benefit of the doubt.
Before she got too close, I said in calm tones, "Hello, Veronica. I'm glad you could make it. Did you bring your sunglasses?"
She stopped in her tracks and regarded me for a moment, during which I thought she would either turn heel and leave the establishment or reduce me to a puddle of liquid on the Lanesborough's polished hardwood tearoom floor. To my relief, she reached inside her bag and produced her sunglasses, holding them up so that I could see, and waited for me to nod in approval. They were the fabulous rhinestone-studded designer frames I'd seen her wearing at the attempted devil raising, and the stones glinted in the natural light streaming through the tearoom's large windows.
I waved her closer and tried to smile. When she reached the table, the waiter instantly appeared and pulled the chair out for her.
Just as I was about to comment on her ensemble, she interjected, rather haughtily, "I almost didn't come, you know." 
"Thank you for doing so, Veronica. I do appreciate it."
This seemed to satisfy her for the moment, and she nodded once. As she sat down, the waiter tucked the chair in for her.
"I must say, I do love your sunglasses. Are they Chanel?"
"Yes," replied Veronica.
I was trying to break the ice, as they say, and put the demon at ease. Imagine that, little ol' me, Ariana Okata, putting a demon at ease! My parents would have been so proud. Or maybe not. They wouldnt have believed it. And even if they did, theyd have been shocked and appalled that I was spending time with neer-do-wells. Then again, maybe not.
The waiter piped up then, "I shall return with a pitcher of ice water."
I was glad to hear it. Having a container of cold water nearby could be of great assistance to me if things went sideways during this meeting.
After he'd left our table, I turned my attention back to Veronica. " I was hoping we could have a proper conversation today. Im very glad you came."
I then stole a very quick glance at Veronica, and then made stronger eye contact, and it didn't hurt one bit. In fact, I was surprised to note that she had pretty eyes made up to look a lot like Elizabeth Taylor's; in fact, I could have sworn they were violet. They may have been coloured contact lenses, but the effect was quite pleasing. And true, they were a tad bloodshot, but why wouldn't they be, given their demonic ability. I immediately thought of the little green bottle of Eye Refresh I had in my purse, but thought it wiser not to offer her any at that moment, plus it would have been unhygienic.
"I know why you invited me here today. You think I killed Theodore."
Theodore? Oh, right, that would be Ted. She'd cut straight to the chase. I admired that. I decided, also, to cut straight to it.
"Wellyou are a suspect, as am I. However, that isn't why I invited you, Veronica."
She seemed to visibly soften, slightly. She lit a cigarette, blew a perfect halo (how ironic, I thought at the time) into the air above her head and waited.
They let you smoke here? I wondered, but said nothing, as I didn't want to upset the delicate balance I'd achieved so far with the lady producing the smoke.
"As stated in my note, I thought it was about time you and I had a proper chat. A friendly one."
It was my turn to wait. She chewed her lip briefly, and then, as the waiter had just arrived with our glasses of water, took a sip of hers. The waiter said nothing about the cigarette betwixt Veronica's long, manicured fingers, so I assumed either it was okay to smoke inside English teahouses, or he knew better than to tell this particular woman not to do so.
We ordered the High Tea finger sandwiches and pastries, plus two pots of tea, and returned to our new, potentially friendly, conversation.
"Why here? Why now?" 
I didn't want to tip her off on the fact that I'd been present at the failed devil raising, nor that I'd been watching her, rather creepily, through her townhouse windows for the past few days or so.
"You're the only person in England I know."
It sounded lame to me, though it was true. I sipped my ice water, trying to hide my own nervousness. 
"You do think I killed him, don't you."
I just looked at her. Much to my surprise, her lip began to tremble. Then she burst out, "Well, I didn't! He was the father of my children and I loved him, I did!"
She covered her face with one expertly manicured, bejeweled hand and suppressed a sob. Yet again I was seeing another side of the demon Veronica; a much softer one than you'd usually expect for a fallen entity such as herself. Her voice sounded entirely sincere.
"Our marriage was just another failure in my life. I blame myself entirely. I'm no good at anything, not marriage, not motherhood, and I can't even raise the--"
She halted abruptly and cleared her throat. Of course, I knew how to finish the sentence but pretended I didn't. Instead, I changed the subject slightly.
"Everyone has times in their lives when things don't work out the way they wanted. It's very human."
She looked at me then, startled. 
"It is?" She looked down then at the middle of the table, as if thinking out loud. "Maybe that's the problem."
My eyebrows furrowed slightly, not understanding at first what she meant. But of course, she wasn't human. I knew that, but she didn't know that I knew, so I played dumb. I regarded her quizzically.
"Ariana, I have something to confess."
She did? I could hardly wait. I nodded in encouragement. What could she be about to admit to me? There were so many possibilities.
"The truth is, I never should have gotten involved with Theo in the first place. It wasn't fair of me. You see, I'm not like most women."
I continued to play dumb, cocking my head slightly like a befuddled puppy dog, a look I'd once practiced on Constable Daniel himself.
"You'll find this hard to believe, but I'm not even from here."
"you're not English?" 
I was getting really good at this.
"No, I'm not English. I'm not human either."
I boggled my eyes appropriately. Veronica sighed deeply then, as if reconsidering whether or not to say what she was about to say.
"I'm a fallen entity. Yes, I'll say it; I'm a demon. I'm supposed to do evil on Earth, but I'm cocking that up entirely. I can't do anything right, it turns out." 
Her voice was a bit loud, for my comfort. I noticed a woman sitting at the table next to ours, who slightly resembled Princess Margaret, was stealing a glance at us out of the corner of her eye.
Again Veronica hid her face behind one large hand and stifled a sob.
"Oh, that can't be true. Everyone's good at something," I offered comfortingly.
"I'm not even good at being bad! All I'm good at is screwing things up! I'm just not cut out for it! I'm a failure! 
She dabbed at her eyes with a handkerchief she had pulled from her bag. I noticed the words Little Devil were embroidered along the edge in red thread. I regarded her handkerchief curiously, wondering if this was a complimentary item from her employer, like one of those 10-year-service gifts companies give out. 
"I can't even raise up my boss properly! I think he's ignoring me now. Can't say I blame him. What kind of demon am I, then?"
She then, rather disturbingly, emitted a loud wail. I don't know if you've ever heard a demon sob before, but it's an unpleasant and odd sound, rather like a cross between cats mating and a donkey braying. Some of the High Tea patrons around us were starting to stare.
It was at that moment that I had a brainwave. 
"Well, then, why don't you try the opposite? If you're not cut out for being bad, why don't you try being good? See what happens."
She sniffled and dabbed her eyes with her kerchief before giving me a look like I was half mad. I shrugged my shoulders sheepishly.
"Me be good? It's just not in my genes!"
"How do you know? Have you ever tried?"
That gave her pause for thought. She seemed to collect herself then and straightened up her shoulders.
"No. The thought never once crossed my mind."
"Well, perhaps it's time for something new, don't you think?"
Just then the waiter brought our triple-tiered tray of finger sandwiches and pastries, and another one brought two pots of tea with matching teacups, on a silver tray. After they set everything down on our table, Veronica said, "I've always been afraid to try new things."
A demon, afraid? This Veronica was seeming more and more human the more time I spent with her.
"Then you must. And I must try these strawberry-salmon croissant sandwiches. You'd never think of putting those two together, but I hear it tastes wonderful."
I bit into one. It was both sweet and salty, and, accompanied with a layer of freshly whipped cream cheese, it was marvelous.
"Mmm, you must try, it's heavenly! Oh, umsorry."
But instead of scowling, Veronica bit into her strange new sandwich before also declaring it "Fit for the angel I used to be!"
Suffice it to say, my High Tea with Veronica turned out to be a most enjoyable, and pleasantly surprising, outing. 
I left our meeting feeling like I'd really accomplished something. Not only had I eliminated a suspect from my list, for my psychic gut told me she had been more than honest during our meeting, I also may have helped convert an evil demon into a good one. However, time would tell. I decided to check back in with Veronica at a later date, to chart her progress in the Land of the Good, and to see if I, myself, was any good at this whole conversion thing. I figured that if I was, perhaps I should try it out on other evil-doers I encountered in my travels.

* * *

The day after our momentous meeting, I received this e-mail from Veronica:

Dearest Ariana,
I can't thank you enough for inviting me out for tea. It was quite delightful getting to know you properly, and I must thank you for giving me a push in the right direction. I woke up feeling refreshed this morning and with a new idea, which I'd like to share with you. 
I want to establish a school for fallen angels like myself who have lost their way and need to get their bearings. I even have a name: Mistress Veronica's School for Wayward Souls. It's a bit long but just a working title at this point. Im also planning to volunteer at a soup kitchen for the homeless.
Ariana, you helped me when no one else would. I'll never forget that. If you ever need my assistance, just call and I'll be there (and I mean literally - I am an otherworldly being, after all). 

She attached a copy of her business card, which read only: 

Mistress Veronica
1-800-DEM-ONIC

I was most intrigued by her comment that she could be conjured at any time. I could hardly wait to make my first attempt, but thought I should wait until it was of a professional nature, as I didn't think summoning a fallen angel should be done just any old time. 

* * *

I decided it was time to move on with my investigation. After a quick shower the next morning, I was about to contact Suspect #3, Teds not-so-secret girlfriend Katy, when I received my next text message assignment. I still had no clue who was directing me on this wild global goose chase.

My Dearest Ariana,
The Geologists have been spotted touring The Sphinx in Giza, Egypt. One of them passed out from dehydration. U must come here at once. U are close to catching the killer! I will help you! Pick up UR plane ticket at Charing Cross Ticket Agents. Ask for Judy. Youll arrive in Cairo at Gate 7 at 9:45 a.m. tomorrow (Sunday) morning. Ill be wearing a white headdress.
Your Secret Admirer :)

I immediately texted back:

Not so fast! Im not too happy about that whole pink rose stunt you pulled at Charles de Gaulle. Were U even there? Who are U? And as ignorant as I am about Egyptian culture, I do know that practically everyone there wears white headdresses (Ive seen all of the Indiana Jones movies), so youll have to be more specific than that.
Ari XO

A few minutes later, my SA responded:

Have fun, mon cherie!

It appeared that my SA was determined to remain anonymous. Not wanting to antagonize such a valuable, albeit mysterious, source of info, I decided to head for Egypt straight away. Id always been fond of camels, those ships of the desert, even though I heard they can spit pretty far, and Id long hankered to see some of those gold-and-jewel-encrusted mummies artifacts Id always read about in National Geographic.



Chapter 10 - Cairo, Egypt: The Curse of the Hairy Geologist
Wherein the heroine gets to visit the land of the pharaohs and wear even less clothing than usual.
I landed at Cairo International Airport on a hot sunny day (is there any other kind in the middle of the desert?). The interior was, thankfully, air-conditioned, and I was kind of surprised to find it looked very modern; shiny and glassy. A modern-art version of an ancient Egyptian boat with sails was sitting inside the main terminal. 
Upon first stepping outside, I was hit with a blast of hot air. I was also immediately accosted by some men who looked suspiciously like beggars, albeit rather well-dressed ones. They offered to carry my luggage, which I allowed two of them to do, to a waiting tourist bus, and I tipped them generously. Another tanned man who looked to be around 50, with a large moustache and large, impressively white teeth, greeted me at the bus. He was wearing an ID tag that read: All-Egypt Tours, which was the company I'd signed up with as part of my Egyptian tour package, so I climbed the stairs onto the bus.
While sitting on the thankfully air-conditioned tourist bus, one that wasnt leaking too much diesel exhaust and had clean seats, I received another mysterious text message. This one read:

U must cover up bare skin or U will have men following U everywhere (not new for me). UR safety will be in jeopardy so please heed my warning. The men in Egypt view westerners or, in your case, Oriental girls, as loose and lascivious because of their tight and/or skimpy clothing. Save yourself the hassle and cover up.
Love,
S. Admirer

I glanced around the bus, wondering if my secret admirer might be on board. He might have been, if he were the undernourished, pale, sweaty man sitting directly behind the driver, or one of the overweight American tourists visiting Egypt as part of a tour group. 
Glancing out the window I saw a few more pasty-looking tourists emerge from the airport and being guided over to our bus.
While I was waiting, I took the time to update Emma on my travels.

MOI: Am in Cairo now. Its very hot and dusty, and lots of camels.
EM: How was London?
MOI: Cold and rainy; no camels. But I did attend a devil-raising in North Manchester.
EM: O really?
MOI: Dont worry, it didnt work. All they raised was a heart-attack patient on his way to the other side. We gave him a bit of a fright, not the other way around. But I think it did the trick to send him on his way.
EM: I think U should see Dr. Rossi as soon as U get back to Van. And ask him why U pretend to be British.
MOI: Y? I feel fine. Better than fine. Am having fun. And what's wrong with being British? I'm from British Columbia, after all.

That said, I rang off before she could reply in her usual annoying way. Who was Dr. Rossi, you ask? If you must know, hes a doctor of some kind, apparently recommended by a friend of Emmas, who is probably another nutty communist like herself. I think hes a shrink, in which case Emma would certainly benefit more from his services than I.
I ducked into the tiny bathroom at the rear of the bus, held my breath and quickly wriggled into a pair of yoga pants. I buttoned a summer cardigan right up to my neck and rolled down the sleeves. I didnt want to be harassed and, thus, distracted from my day-long search for the hirsute geologists, and time was a-wasting.
I must say, Egypt was a complete contrast from the Egypt we all read about  the mummys curses, fabulous gold jewelry, fancy schmanschy writing, scarab beetles, sexy pharaohs and their glamourous queens. Or is that glamourous pharaoh-esses? The most glamourous pharaoh-ess has to be Nefertiti, what with her then-fashionably tall hats and heavily applied eyeliner, not to mention the fact that her honey was a King. Speaking of glamour, and Egypt, Cleopatra is also a role model of mine. I wear my black kohl eyeliner in her, and Nefertiti's, honour, and its served me well. Remember my Cleopatra Unplugged makeup palette? I certainly did, and Id brought it with me to the land of her birth.
Despite the old-world glamour, truth be told, I was finding everything in Egypt to be dusty and old, for the most part. Nonetheless, I was over the moon to be there and excited to be investigating my very first murder case.
My first stop was a rustic-looking restaurant/caf called Lotus of the Nile, so you might imagine why I just couldnt pass it by. Ive been called a lotus blossom enough times to warrant a quick melon juice there, while starting my tour of Cairo. The Lotus quickly became my favourite night spot, as it turned out they had belly dancers. Of course, I returned that very evening, eager to join in on the festivities. No mind Id never taken a belly dancing class in my life; I figured someone would just hand me a belt with jingly bells on it and Id gyrate my hips until the sun rose the next morning, and they might even throw in a free meal in exchange for the entertainment.
One of the dancers there, Aiyesh, was rather long in the tooth and was developing a bit of a tire around her waist, albeit only a bicycle-size one, but it was obvious just how experienced a belly dancer she was, and I found myself imitating her sinuous movements. I understand they like their women a little chubby in the land of the pharaohs, perhaps due to all those famines and locust plagues theyve had, so its possible I was viewed as some crazy, anorexic, Oriental girl; but the audience seemed to enjoy me, nonetheless.
I borrowed one of Aiyeshs belly-dancing costumes; a cute, gauzy, purple number with silver sequins sewn along the hems. It even had one of those fez-style hats, and I swear I looked like the girl from I Dream of Jeanie, except, of course, I had silky black hair and was Oriental. I fastened the piece of gauze across my face so that only my exotic, heavily lined eyes peered out, batted my Chinese-made eyelashes at a nearby mirror, and I was to die for. I figured that if one of the geologists was a patron that night, theres no way hed be able to resist my charms, not in that getup. Id shake my hips a few times and hed be putty in my hands. Then Id be able, once and for all, to find out if they'd murdered Ted, and if so Id bring them to justice.
Just in case things worked out that night, Id tipped off the Egyptian police to drop by so they could arrest Jacques et Pierre, plus catch a really sexy belly dance show while they were at it. However, Im not sure if any of them showed up, as it was quite dark in there.
I started my dance routine with two other girls, competing for attention from the audience. We took turns at the front of the tiny dance floor, plus worked the crowd, weaving our way between and around the tables inside the restaurant.
After a largely uneventful, though fun, evening of exercising my bare mid-section in front of a group of strangers, I did manage to get an autograph from a man who looked an awful lot like Omar Sharif. Dont know who he is? Lawrence of Arabia. Doctor Zhivago. Still don't? Google him. Yes, that Omar Sharif: the dark, moustachioed, handsome Arab actor, though by now hes a senior citizen. According to my mother, he also plays a lot of bridge on Caribbean cruises, and she would know, being a bridge Diamond Master herself. Later, it turned out I only thought Id gotten his autograph. In reality, Id gotten the signature of the restaurant owners father-in-law, whose name, freakily, was also Omar. He did bear a striking resemblance to Mr. Sharif, though, so the error was not my fault. I think it was the full head of silver, blow-dried hair and matching blow-dried moustache that fooled me, plus the lack of light. And when I asked him if his name was Omar Sharif, he didnt deny it. He nodded, in fact, probably mesmerized by my gyrating hips. I realized Mom would be most disappointed. I supposed I could give her the autographed napkin anyway and pretend it was him, just to give her a thrill. Being an elderly Japanese woman, she didnt get many of those, I suspected; at least, not anymore, though she was quite a looker in her younger days.
After the near-brush with an Arabian celebrity, I noticed a mysterious man sitting alone in the corner whom I suspected may have been either Jacques or Pierre, yet the hairy duo usually traveled as a pair and this man was alone, so I couldnt be sure. It was very dark in that corner of the caf, and all I could see was the occasional waft of cigarette smoke and a large hand picking up a highball glass off the table from time to time. I even worked my way over to the mysterious mans area and stayed there a while, weaving my hands about in the air and shaking my hips in his direction, just to give him a thrill and try to get a good look at his face. Owing to the aforementioned darkness inside the Lotus, plus the thick tobacco smoke hanging about the stranger, I could not make his face out clearly enough. As I danced, I got extra fancy with my arm waving, in an attempt to clear the air in order to get a better look; but, alas, it didnt work. What I really needed was a good flashlight. Make that torch, in British argot.
I may not have gotten the attention of the real Omar Sharif that night, but just as I was leaving the Lotus, someone grabbed me and induced unconsciousness by holding a filthy rag of some kind, permeated with what smelled like menthol. The next thing I knew, I woke up inside a room with high ceilings that was made up to look exactly like a Pharaohs palace in ancient Egypt. Almost-naked, very tanned and expertly oiled man-servants in loin cloths were strolling back and forth carrying trays of food and wine. One brought a tray of dates, bread and wine to me, and let me tell you, I was ravenous and ate every bite, while he sat nearby and fanned me with an enormous palm frond, much to my delight. I wasnt the only one being catered to, but I appeared to be the only Oriental in the room. Everyone else there was white, male, retirement age and rather overweight. They reminded me a lot of the tourists on the bus on my first day in Cairo; in fact, I was pretty sure I recognized at least two of them. I didnt know if theyd arrived at the palace unconscious, as I had, but they did look very content as they lay on their own woven rugs and large pillows, eating canaps and drinking the wine being served to them.
The lady servants were all scantily clad, in fashionable, white, bikini-tops and matching sarongs; and like their male counterparts, their skin was a gorgeous, oiled-up brown. I made a quick mental note to book a tanning bed appointment at Seafoam Spa, upon my return to Van.
Then I heard horns being blown at one end of the large hall and a procession appeared; man-servants carrying a young, hot-looking Egyptian man who was sitting in an ornate wooden chair.
Behold Pharaoh Abdul the Great! announced one of the man-servants, and they carried him across the hall very close to me before setting his chair down on the floor. Was this some sort of adults-only hotel-spa that obtained its clientele by drugging and kidnapping them?
Feeling a little tipsy from the wine, plus from whatever it was Id been knocked out with, all I could do was stare at Pharaoh Abduls dark, kohl-lined eyes. Then I asked, Are you really a pharaoh?
You speak English, he responded before sitting on a pillow next to me. He had a sexy, middle-eastern accent and was quite muscular. And oiled up, like his servants. I briefly wondered if he might slide right off of the silk pillows he was now leaning against and onto the floor below. 
I thought you were a visitor from China.
Not all Orientals are Chinese, you know, I quipped, starting to regain my wits at last. At least, not yet. But you can assume whatever you want, I sighed as he leaned closer, stroking my hair. I gazed dreamily into his eyes, which were framed with sexy, long black eyelashes. Did you bring me here? Im just visiting Egypt, you know. Im looking for two hairy, European geologists.
Still emerging from my drug-induced state, I realized I was babbling semi-coherently. Perhaps Id said too much already.
Really? Well, good luck," responded Pharaoh Abdul. "Most of the tourists around here are hairy and European. Even the women.
Now that was uncalled for. Perhaps true, but uncalled for nonetheless. It was the kind of comment I might make in a more sober moment. One lesson I learned from the experience was that when I am drugged I become more polite and, well, more Canadian. Dont tell Emma, nor my other family members, or they just might have me committed so they can keep me drugged up and polite 24/7.
Unlike my fellow tourists, I wasnt European, but Pharaoh Abduls comment made me glad Id shaved my armpits and legs that morning. And everyone there  the servants, the harem, the Pharaoh himself  was wearing kohl eyeliner, so I didnt feel out of place one bit. However, they also had their impressive tans so I felt a tad pale by comparison, but nothing like Emma, whose skin looks like raw chicken because she avoids the sun, as well as tanning beds, which bears out my theory that shes really a communist vampire. But lets not allow the Emmas of the world to ruin this spectacular Egyptian fantasy.
Pharaoh Abdul, though he was really just a prince but called himself a pharaoh because it impressed the tourists, informed me that yes, hed brought me to his palace and that I was now a member of his personal harem. Though kidnapped, I thought I wouldnt mind having to have sex with him because he looked like a younger, possibly hotter, version of Omar Sharif in his glory days, riding camels through the dessert  la Lawrence of Arabia.
While in captivity, I even gave belly-dancing lessons to the other captives (if thats what you want to call us), using the skills Id learned at Lotus of the Nile. And we attended the Princes camel races in the desert. Thats how I found out what a camel jockey was. Up until then I'd pictured a tiny little Egyptian man wearing luscious racing silks, astride a cud-chewing camel, whipping the beast's humps with a fine English leather riding crop while is galloped across the desert. Well, the cud-chewing camel part wasn't too far off, but imagine my shock to find not a tiny little man in racing silks on top but a tiny little child dressed in rags and looking like he hadn't eaten in several days.
Despite having been abducted, the Prince didnt take away my iPhone, nor my Coach bag, so I texted Emma just so I could tell someone what a fabulous time Id been having, albeit as a captive. I wasnt just any captive, though; I was the captive of a real Arabian prince and loving every minute of it!

Hey Em,
Guess what Ive been up to? I was abducted by a real Arabian prince, and now I can say Im a star member of his harem. Ive even ridden a camel! And I watched camel jockeys race them in the desert! Top that, Emma Antichrist!

To which she replied:

Give me a break. U should quit making things up or UR nose will grow just like Pinocchios. And U shouldnt joke about camel jockeys. Dont U know theyre little kids kidnapped, beaten and forced to work as jockeys for rich people? Like UR new friend.

That would explain the malnourished child sitting atop the dromedary. Choosing to maintain a veneer of blissful ignorance, I responded:

No I did not. Must U make everything sound so sad?

To which she, again, replied:

Well it is sad!! Wake up, would U?!

I had no need to wake up. My adventures were all very real, and I was fully awake and enjoying every minute of them. I did, however, put in a word with the Prince that he should feed his jockeys decent food, as they were still-growing children, as well as some clean clothing on a regular basis. I also mentioned that they shouldn't be beaten. He said he'd look into it.
During my abduction, I became quite good friends with a fellow abductee named Jane from Leeds, England. She reminded a little bit of my own Molly back home, having the same youthful good cheer and freshly scrubbed, girl-next-door looks. She was on a birthday holiday here, paid for by her parents, when she was kidnapped. She admitted her parents must have been quite worried, but that she was having the time of her life, as was I. We got along very well, although I estimate she was about 15 years younger than I. Age knows no bounds when you really get along with someone else.
We were held captive with eight other women, whose ages varied from 25 to 35-ish, all of whom were hotties, too. I polled the ladies and none of us, despite having been initially rather perturbed about it, intended to turn the Prince in to the authorities. Im still not sure why a rich, handsome playboy felt it necessary to abduct women for his harem, though. All he had to do was ask and he would receive. Perhaps it was part of some elaborate fantasy of his, something about taking a woman instead of asking. You know how traditional men are. We all agreed that Prince Abdul was a spoiled, immature, but, best part, rich playboy who apparently lived out his fantasies by sending henchmen out to abduct foreign women. We, the harem, consisted mainly of French, American and English women, and I am happy to say I was the only Oriental in the bunch, and the only Canadian, so I stood out, as usual.
Despite being rather spoiled and pompous, Prince Abdul was quite charming, definitely fitted into the tall, dark and handsome playboy category, and was generous with gifts of jewelry, so no, we werent planning to press charges. What can I say. We hot chicks are suckers for a young, tanned, hot Arabian multimillionaire who owns his own stable of Arabian stallions, racing camels and fleet of yachts. Wanting to stay in his good graces, why would we press charges? It was just some harmless fun, after all. Sexy, harmless, gift-laden fun. Not legal in most industrialized countries, where they tend to frown upon abduction and sexual slavery, but seemingly legal here, or at least overlooked by the authorities. Besides, it was hardly what one could call slavery. Everything we did only happened with the consent of all parties present, and every day was like Christmas in the desert. Prince Abdul was our Santa Claus, albeit much younger, trimmer, tanned and scantily clad.
During our abduction/vacation, Abdul took all 10 of us to the Museum of Cairo. Just like an Egyptian; always pleasing the tourists first. We traveled there in two air-conditioned limousines. Whenever we went out with Abdul, we always traveled in style.
The museum was dirtier and dustier than Id expected. Where were their priorities? At any rate, I was delighted to be there because theres no way I could visit Cairo without visiting the Museum of Cairo and the fabulous King Tut exhibit; fabulous because of the sheer amount of gold and precious gems in it. It was everywhere; in his furniture, his jewelry, in that famous funerary mask, and seemingly everything else he touched.
I also stopped by the Ramses exhibit. How could I not, seeing as he was named after a famous brand of condoms. As mentioned during my visit to Le Louvre in Paris, hes said to have fathered 100 children. And like all great civilizations, the ancient Egyptians worshipped the most fecund and virile amongst themselves. Whats not to like?
Interestingly, since my arrival in the land of the pharaohs, Id been having vivid dreams, which has happened to me before. I was told by a psychic once, these are past-life flashbacks. They certainly feel real; so much so that upon awakening, I have to pause a few moments to figure out if its really happening or not. This time I was the wife of a famous pharaoh, Ahkenaten I think, which would make me the fabulous Nefertiti, said to be the most beautiful woman in Egypt. Sometimes it feels like I am channeling the people I dream about. They may have even been King Tuts parents. Some good, sexy genes there.
I find it hard to believe that Ramses was the only pharaoh to have fathered many, many children. I can see it now; if you were the illegitimate kid of a pharaoh and you displeased daddy enough, off to the slave quarters for you, despite your protestations.
You can't treat me like this! I'm the Pharaoh's bastard son! No, really, I am!
Ya, ya, right. Join the club, Bashir. Were all the offspring of royalty, really we are, not miserable, whipped slaves doomed to a life of servitude.
Poor Bashir. But manifest destiny is how it works. What is manifest destiny, you ask? It states we must accept our lot in life, whether slave or king. Or hot, Oriental tart.
I must say, during my past-life dream, as Nefertiti, I didnt dislike being fanned continuously by mostly naked, nicely tanned, muscular male slaves in loincloths and lots of black kohl eyeliner, being fed grapes and bread by said slaves, and trying on the gold and lapis lazuli jewelry commissioned for me by my pharaoh husband, handcrafted by the royal gem smiths.
Also, in my past life as Queen Nefertiti, I had a secret, despite my royal status. I first met Ahkenaten while belly dancing. He wasnt belly dancing; I was (not that there arent male belly dancers, because there are, somewhere. Please help me find them!). Yes, I was plucked from obscurity, and the pharaoh was so impressed he made me his mistress, then his wife; that is, after his first wife fell victim to a plague of locusts. Or was that a plague of grasshoppers? I cant remember exactly what she fell victim to, except it was one of those biblical plagues we've all heard about in Sunday school, and it cleared the way for me to become the next Queen of Egypt.
I am most curious to learn what other famous people I once was. Shall look into this upon my return to Canada.
One dusty afternoon, while the harem was out shopping in a local market with the Prince and his bodyguards, something quite incredible happened.
Being kidnapped mistress #9, it was both my turn and mistress #5s turn (the extremely chatty, yet lovely, Jane from Leeds) to purchase dates and other sensuous, squeezable fruits for our evening meal. We were both wearing I Dream of Jeannie getups (I was wearing a purple one, complete with a stylish fez hat, and Jane from Leeds was wearing an equally cute, coral pink outfit) and squeezing some dates, which seemed a tad dry to me, when out of the corner of my eye I spotted two hairy, European men also shopping in the market. They were dressed in identical khaki shirt and shorts, along with brown sandals, sunglasses and safari hats, purchasing dried fruit at the stall next to ours. I got a good look at them, too  it was none other than the elusive, supposedly dead, Pierre et Jacques! They hadnt been pushed out of a helicopter in the Mexican jungle after all! Or at least, theyd faked it somehow. Both had five oclock shadows, even though it was only 11 in the morning. Then I heard one of them speak in a distinctive, throaty French accent, Pierre, what do you sink of zeez plums? Are zey worth haggling far?
Convinced Id found them at last, I dropped the dates Id been squeezing and marched over to them, unbuttoning the sheer veil that covered my lovely features so they could see whom they were dealing with. I was also brandishing my iPhone, which I'd kept tucked into a green silk iPhone holder that was strapped to my right thigh, beneath my harem outfit.
Pierre was smelling one of the dates when he turned to look at me, with what at first was a smug grin. He looked me up and down, obviously pleased, but when he regarded my features a look of recognition crossed his face. He elbowed Jacques who, by now, was fingering some plump grapes, and pointed at me.
Thats right, its me! Teds secretary, Ariana! Cheese, mes amis!
Just as I was lining up the shot with my iPhone, the two geologists were off, clutching their designer satchels under their hairy arms and running out of the marketplace and down a dusty lane. Believe me, all of the lanes in Cairo are dusty and often blocked by an errant camel or pack of wild dogs. Nonetheless, after re-fastening my handy, sheer, face veil, I gave chase, thinking to myself how right Id been that those daily cardio workouts at the gym would pay off someday. Luckily, I was also wearing my flat Chanel sandals on that particular outing, so giving chase was doable.
As I ran away from the market, I vaguely heard Abduls voice call out behind me, Where are you going? Come back, Ariana! Were having roasted goat with dates tonight, followed by a light orgy! Ariana?
Despite what sounded like delicious plans for the evening, I continued my chase. After all, it was the reason Id come to Cairo in the first place, and I couldnt abandon those important plans just to indulge in a delicious royal feast. That would have to wait.
After running about a block, I realized the geologists were heading towards the Sphinx, which is situated on the Giza Plateau. I could tell the tourists and the locals were quite surprised to see an Oriental vision of loveliness running full out in a harem outfit, arms and legs pumping wildly, barely breaking a sweat in the sweltering dessert heat. Did I mention that in addition to the school choir, I was on my high school track team? I was no slouch when it came to running, even in that getup. Every time I rounded the corner of one building, I caught a glimpse of one of the geologists sandaled feet rounding the corner of the building just ahead of me. Looking up, in the distance, I could see the Sphinxs gigantic, eroded, pitted face looming ahead.
As I ran, I managed to snap a couple of photos of the departing geologists, making sure you could see the Sphinx in the background. Apparently, the head was modeled after a pharaoh, and judging from the looks of it, he apparently had a bad case of acne or, perhaps, leprosy, as the nose was missing. Its also possible the face had been eroded away after a millennia of being blasted by the sands of time. Surely, in this age of high-tech fixer-uppers, an architect could fashion a perky, albeit gigantic, new nose for the half-pharaoh, half-lion, and give him an acid-peel surface treatment while he was at it.
As I continued to give chase I wondered exactly what the geologists had in mind. Exactly what I would do when I caught up to them I didnt know, either.
I was rounding the right paw of the Sphinx when a large, hairy arm reached out and clamped around my diminutive mouth, sealing off all the stale, dusty air. I kicked for all I was worth and tried to scream, but, as mentioned, my mouth was sealed off. It didnt take long for blackness to settle in, and I lost consciousness.
To this day Im not sure if what proceeded during this blackout was real or merely a dream, but it felt very real to me. It was even more vivid than my previously mentioned past-life dreams. Perhaps in future I shall tell you in more detail of my fascinating adventures in the Egyptian Underworld, but as my pursuit of the geologist suspects is pressing at this point in my adventures, I shall be brief:
I awoke in what I was later to learn was the Ancient Egyptian Underworld. I stayed there a total of 12 splendiferous days and 11 glorious nights as a deceased Pharaoh's new concubine. Which pharaoh it was I couldn't tell you. Let's just call him Pharaoh X. Whoever he was, he was young, fit, tanned and pretty good looking, which was a whole lot better than your typical Egyptian mummy, what with their dessicated bodies and moldy bandages.
I was dressed in the most splendid robes and impressive jewelry, including a gorgeous gold crown studded with jewels. I traveled to the 12 stations of the Underworld with Pharaoh X every night and met several celebrity gods and goddesses, including none other than Horus the Falcon, Anubis the Jackal and Sekhmet the Lion, a most enjoyable and impressive bunch of half-human, half-animals. Pharaoh X also had a cat named Ubasti, whom I thought was just another Egyptian street cat until he explained that she was a revered goddess to whom I should bow, so I did, several times, being the admirer of royalty you know I am.
I wanted to meet Set, god of the Underworld, but I was told he was a bit antisocial and could usually be found alone, sulking beneath a sycamore tree, so I let it go. Besides, Id heard he wasnt much fun to be around anyway. I also heard hed once murdered someone, but seeing as my plate of murder suspects was already full, I chose not to pursue that lead. Perhaps on another day.
If this was all just a dream, it must have been one of those lucid ones where you have awareness that you are dreaming it. I had the presence of mind to take advantage of the fact I was visiting the Egyptian land of the technically dead to ask the Pharaoh if, being a supernatural being, he could help me solve Teds murder.
 You dont happen to have seen a well-dressed, pudgy, middle-aged white guy with thinning hair anywhere in the underworld, have you? is what I asked him.
After considering it briefly, he responded, Cant say that I have, tipping his regal head back in order to allow a slave to drop a grape into his open mouth. Of course, these words were spoken telepathically, as his mouth was busy eating the fruit.
Well, if you do, can you ask who murdered him? It would help me a lot.
The Pharaoh chewed the plump grape before answering, You know I will.
After having visited all 12 stations of the afterlife with Pharaoh X, during a night filled with food, wine, song, a little fooling around, and a strange board game called Senet, he sent me back to the regular world. Dont be a stranger, were his last words to me. There was his all-too-modern use of slang again. Not very regal, nor very pharaonic, in my opinion. Perhaps my use of slang had rubbed off on him. But I decided that I wouldnt. Be a stranger, that is. I intended to visit him and his muscular, tanned slaves and god and goddess pals in the near future, and perhaps I shall tell you about it in one of my other autobiographical novels. It was a lot of fun and certainly different from my usual travels.
When I awoke in the regular world, it was to the sound of braying camels. I was lying on the most magnificent four-poster bed Id ever seen, with a purple silk canopy draped overhead. Alas, I was alone, and the camels were still a-braying.
The next thing I noticed was the scent of jasmine. No, make that lotus flowers, because I believe that is the official flower of Egypt. I think its also a popular flower in Asia, so I had something in common with the Egyptians, not that Id ever been to Asia, at that point. At first I thought Id been abducted again by another Arab Sheik. Then I realized I was not smelling lotus flowers after all; lotus flowers were Abduls favourite and I was just having a scent memory. No; I was, in fact, smelling expensive mens Parisian aftershave. As my mind cleared, everything began to make sense: Id been abducted by two Frenchmen wearing Arab Sheik aftershave lotion.
It was only then that I realized my hands were still tied behind my back, with silk scarves. At least the two Frenchmen had the good graces to bind me in silk rather than cheap hemp, which Im allergic to. If they had kidnapped Emma, she would have immediately criticized the pair for not using an environmentally friendly material, but, instead, silk, thus causing great harm to a family of silk worms somewhere in Asia, or wherever silk is spun by those industrious little worms these days. Probably China, like everything else is. But I, myself, was very glad to be bound in the finest silk; theres nothing more unattractive than a hot chick in a gauzy belly dancing outfit, covered in itchy, red hives, as I would have been in hemp. Despite their allegedly murderous ways, these European men knew how to treat a lady whom theyd just anesthetized and abducted. Yes, it was my second time at this. What can I say except that hot Oriental chicks like me must be temptingly abductable, especially while touring dusty, hot locales such as Egypt.
The scarves had been tied rather loosely, and I had no trouble at all pulling at the knots with my fingers until they came completely undone. Leaving the scarves on top of the bed, a decision which I now regret, for they were very fine scarves indeed, I was free to flee, so I did.
After Id slipped through an open window and dropped to the ground below, a folded note fell from the waist of my harem skirt, where it had been tucked. I opened it, and it read:

I hope you have learned a valuable lesson. It is foolish to mess with me. I have chosen to grant you freedom. Now you owe me a great favour, upon my return to Vancouver.
A bientot,
Jacques :)

Not another happy-facer! I found myself disliking Jacques even more than usual, for I find this a most disconcerting, not to mention annoying, trait. He also seemed to think he was going to be granted his greatest wish: a night spent with me. I was not surprised; after all, this was the man who boasted about being Frances Lover of the Year, a claim he had yet to prove. I folded up the note and tucked it inside my sequined bra, then trotted past the braying camel before it got a chance to spit at me.
I decamped back to Prince Abduls love nest just in time to enjoy some of that roast goat hed been yelling about the previous evening. I fell asleep right after dinner, perhaps aided by the excellent wine paired with our meal, on top of a plush pile of overstuffed, Egyptian silk pillows. When I woke up seven hours later, all I could recall was that the roast goat and date sauce had been very yummy.
I didnt know if it was the wine or a hallucinogenic substance added to my meal but, yet again, while slumbering I had had one of the most vivid dreams ever. It was nighttime in a bustling city full of bright, flashing neon and a lot of Orientals walking through what looked like a shopping district. Then I spotted Jacques et Pierre walking side by side in their usual khaki shorts and shirts and carrying their designer tote bags, searching amongst all the lights and signage. I followed them down a narrow, dark alley off the beaten path. There, they ducked into a small, dark shop and disappeared inside.
Then the dream switched to the interior of said shop, just like the way a movie is edited, and I could see that it was filled with what looked at first like what I hoped were merely human-size doll parts. I saw a head, a torso with arms, that sort of thing. Then I realized there were wires sticking out of the body parts, and that the duo was looking at machine parts - robots, to be exact! I really started to enjoy my dream at that point because I love robots! Don't ask me why, I just do. As we all know, The Japanese love them too, so perhaps it's a genetic thing.
The two geologists then left the shop and went back out onto the street, which was now teeming not with Orientals but with robots; a veritable robot army! Very cool. Jacques made some hand signals and they all fell into step behind him, marching down the street in formation.
Then I awoke and had that feeling of regret you get when you're having an awesome dream and it ends. After getting my bearings again  yes, I was still lying on silk pillows in Prince Abdul's love nest - I reflected back on my dream and figured out where the two geologists had now fled; as the robot army was marching through the commercial district, I recognized one of the neon signs high atop a billboard, and it read:
HITACHI

I had a Hitachi LCD TV sitting in my living room back in Van! And everyone knows where Hitachis headquarters are located - the geologists had fled to Tokyo!
With this revelation fresh on my mind, I gave Daniel a call on my iPhone. Hed left several messages, none of which Id been in any condition to pick up, given the activity of the past few days. I wondered if his numerous calls were due only to his desire to solve the case, or out of concern for my wellbeing.
As it rang, I carefully considered what information, if any, I should give him.
He finally answered. Reynolds.
Unmistakeably, it was his sexy voice, clipped and authoritative. My knees quivered.
Hi, Daniel, I said, struggling to keep my voice calm and rational-sounding. Just making my nightly phone call.
Ariana! I havent heard from you in three days! I was getting very worried!
Three days? Had it only been three days? Despite my puzzlement, nonetheless, I was most pleased to hear a definite tone of concern in his voice.
Well, everythings fine, I assured him. In fact, more than fine. I got abducted by an Arab sheik, rode a camel or two, visited an Egyptian pharaoh and, best of all, I found Jacques et Pierre alive and kicking!
I was about to reveal my vision of them in Japan shopping for robots, but held my tongue. There was a long silence from the other end of the line, during which time I took the opportunity to use a toothpick to pry some goat meat from betwixt my teeth. Floss was proving difficult to find in this country, and Id resorted to using those nasty, sharpened pieces of wood, just like my father and brother did after a meal.
Did you say Pierre and Jacques are still alive? Are you sure?
A sinew of meat flew out of my mouth and onto one of the silk pillows, which I immediately wiped up with a tissue before it could make an animal-fat stain.
Yes, Im sure. I have the photos to prove it. Ill send them to you right now.
While Daniel held the line, I e-mailed him the iPhone photos Id taken earlier of the two geologists.
After waiting a couple minutes to receive them, during which time I made idle yet important conversation about what it was like to be abducted by a real-life playboy, Arabian sheik who owned two yachts and several camels, just to see if it would make him jealous, Daniel responded:
Ariana.
Sweetly, I responded back, Yes?
All I see is someones back, running away from the camera. And its very dusty so Im not even sure if its a man. I can see the Sphinx in the background, though. Large. Impressive.
Yes, the men in Egypt are large and impressive.
I waited. Nothing.
You dont believe me, do you? I complained, probably sounding a little whiny. Well, believe it! I know what they look like and it was definitely them!
And what else did you say? Something about riding camels and being abducted? Are you sure youre okay? A young woman like you shouldnt be traveling alone in Egypt 
For the first time ever, I was starting to feel a touch annoyed, aside from the fact that I was thrilled to hear him use the words, young woman like you.
Oh, never mind that; I can take care of myself. You really have to trust me on this one, Daniel. Ill prove it to you soon, when I get back to Vancouver.
Speaking of which, you should come back now, dont you think?
Now? Just when things are getting interesting? I think not. The geologists are still free and roaming the earth, and I have to find them. Besides that, do you have any other updates on the case you can share with me?
Again I heard that by-now-familiar Const. Daniel sigh; the sigh of a man who knows when he must relent and let a sexy, Oriental, girl private-eye-in-training have her way.
Well, Yamagata returned to Tokyo as of Thursday this week. I still need to know more about him. I was told hes going to attend the Robot Expo there, over the weekend.
I smiled. It was all falling into place, and my psychic dream hunches were turning out to be spot on. 
Funny you should mention that. Thats exactly where I was planning to go next.
Really? Thats quite a coincidence.
Isnt it. Do you want me to generally follow him around and do surveillance? Take some pictures, that sort of thing?
I was glad to already have some practice with this. My iPhone video of Y-san's suspiciously robotic gait was still sitting on a teeny weeny memory chip.
You read my mind.
Of course I did, I giggled, I know what youre thinking, Constable Reynolds.
What are you, psychic or something?
From the tone of his normally monotone-ish voice, I was pretty sure he was pulling my leg.
I know you dont believe in such things but yes, I strongly suspect I am. Dont you police types use psychics to solve cases?
He paused.
Thats top secret. Not even my ex-wife knows.
Ex wife? Was Daniel dropping hints, or just being flippant? His tone was the equivalent of that poker face Id seen during my interrogation, so I wasnt sure if he was being serious or not. Nonetheless, it thrilled me to the core and gave me hope.
In a husky voice I said, I have to go now, I have a spa appointment downstairs. And then I threw in, Theyre going to slather my body in fragrant oils. Thanks for the update. Talk to you soon, Daniel.
And with that, I rang off, leaving him with that last little tidbit of information, hoping to get him hot and bothered. I wondered if he was used to women hanging up on him like that. I couldn't imagine that any woman in her right mind would ever hang up on the hunk of a man, but then I wasn't just any woman.
I resolved then and there to follow up on this ex-wife quip he'd just made. Was the guy available, and interested, or not? Despite my uncanny ability to read men, this one was proving a little harder to read than usual. It was just one more challenge for me, and I do love challenges.
It was evident that Pierre et Jacques were probably miles away, so it was useless to pursue them any further in the land of the pharaohs. But it had been a memorable trip and one that I would gladly make again, especially if I could stay with the Prince, which he assured me I could, just before one of his limos drove me to the Cairo airport.
Before Jane and I said our goodbyes, she disclosed that she'd agreed to become The Prince's eighth wife, and I congratulated her. The marriage would be all gifts of jewellery and lots of roasted goat, and she seemed happy with the arrangement. She got along splendidly with the other wives, so I knew there'd be no problems with jealousy or anything like that. She is a tolerant soul, Jane is. We both agreed to stay in touch via e-mail.
As the Prince and his remaining harem waved to me from the limo, he blew me a kiss. At that moment I pictured him attired in a traditional white robe and headdress, which fluttered in the wind, sitting astride his prize Arabian stallion, Beckham (what can I say; he's a big soccer fan), which was standing atop a sand dune in the middle of the desert. There were enormous pyramids in the backdrop, of course. This was my last memory of my adventures in Egypt, even if it was slightly embellished by my imagination. I vowed to visit my new friends again in the future; a most delightful bunch.
The Prince also let me keep my purple harem outfit, bless his heart, plus all of his presents of gold jewelry, bless his heart again. My all-time favourite is the Eye of Horus pendant that I wear round my neck on a gold chain, to this very day. I think he bought it from the Museum of Cairo's gift shop, but who am I to complain. It's the thought that counts; at least, usually.
As I waited in the Departures lounge of Cairo airport, I looked forward to showing off my authentic Egyptian bounty to Emma, upon my return home.
Speaking of Emma, I texted her just to let the relatives in Van know I was still around. Plus I needed a ride home from the airport.

MOI: Am leaving Cairo tomorrow. Heading for Tokyo to look at robots.
EM: Robots? Y?
MOI: Cant say  confidential. Am going to Robot Expo.
EM: Will Asimo be there?
MOI: Dont know. Will send U pics if I see him. It. Here are some pics of the Sphinx just prior to my kidnapping, and the sheiks harem I belong to. (I have a lifetime membership.) Plus a camel that tried to spit at me but missed.
EM: U R getting really good at Photoshop.
MOI: Not PS! Real!!
EM: Right. Let me know what to get for Auntie Sues bday present. Slippers? Hey, can U buy some fancy ones for her in Egypt?

As usual, I was way ahead of her. Auntie Sues turquoise, sequined belly dancing slippers were already tucked away in my suitcase.



Chapter 11 - Tokyo, Japan: Robots, Robots, Robots! And Yes, Japanese People.
Wherein the heroine searches for the robot-like Mr. Yamagata in order to prove his electronic origins, plus any other life-size, human-like robots of the male-type persuasion she might be able to purchase and take home with her.
As I had told Daniel, I decided to make another side trip before returning to Van; this time to Tokyo, where I had never been before. Apparently, I have some relatives who came to Canada from there a long time ago. I went there not to search for my roots but in search of the geologists who, according to my psychic vision, had traveled there to pick up a robot or two, or possibly an entire army of them, and I had to find out why. In addition, I was hoping to catch up with Y-san, that mysteriously sexy little Japanese man who failed to fall for my blue angora on that fateful day in the offices of SFMC, and who walked with a suspiciously robotic gait.
Incidentally, I did pack my blue angora sweater because I wanted to give it the old college try yet again, that is, if I could find Y-san in the sea of black and dyed-reddish-brown heads. I thought that perhaps he was going to the robot conference for routine maintenance, like a little oil under the hood, or to get his state-of-the-art microchips updated. It was also possible that The Sweater could prove handy in my encounters with The Geologists.
The 8.5-hour flight from Cairo to Tokyo on Egyptair proved to be not uneventful, and Im referring to events that took place outside the airplane.
About three hours into it, many of us passengers were either sleeping or reading or talking amongst ourselves. I myself was catching up on my M. Thatcher biography, which I was planning to write a glowing review of for a Maggie fan website, despite my unfortunate witnessing of what Maggie gets up to when she isnt in the public eye. As I was just getting absorbed in reading about her early days in the British parliament, I heard a ruckus at the front of the plane. Some passengers were excitedly pointing out their windows and speaking rather loudly in Japanese, so I didnt have a clue what they were jabbering about. A very slender, overly made-up stewardess appeared to be asking them to sit back in their seats and be quiet, which they eventually managed to do, but now the rest of us were curious as to what theyd been pointing at.
As I was conveniently seated right next to a window, I looked out. At first, all I saw were voluminous, billowy white clouds that looked perfect for jumping around on, if one were extremely intoxicated, that is. Then I saw it  a walnut-shaped thing flying just behind us and below the right wing of the plane. Id never seen anything like it in my life. I briefly scanned my memory for reports of new, nut-shaped aircraft being built by us but found nothing. All I could think was that the military was building weird-looking airplanes, and then not telling the rest of us about them, but why would it be following us? Was this some new form of aerial escort?
By then, pretty much everyone on board was looking out their window and making ooh-aah noises, but they stayed in their seats, as ordered by the anorexic stewardess, who by now was walking up and down the aisles trying to calm everyone in carefully modulated Japanese tones. Though I didnt understand a word, I must admit, the sound of her voice was quite soothing. They must get special training for that.
The elderly lady sitting next to me was staring out the window with her mouth open and looked so startled it prompted me to ask if she was feeling OK, in English, of course. When she didnt reply, I looked out my window again and saw what it was that had made her appear so shocked  another flying walnut, about five times the size of the first one Id seen, was flying from left to right beneath us, so close that we could see little round windows situated all around it. It was matching our speed, then came even closer so that I could see someone standing inside one of those windows, looking right at us. It had an oversize, round, bald, greyish head and huge black eyes. I couldnt see a mouth or nose, just big eyes like a bug. I didnt know what else to do, so I waved at the being. It waved back. Then the gigantic walnut suddenly dropped downwards and back so that it must have been behind us, doing what I didnt know.
I turned to face the lady sitting next to me.
Did you see that?
Still staring at the window she shook her head and muttered something in Japanese. It was a very short conversation between us.
As my brain tried in vain to process what Id just seen, two stewardesses came trotting down the aisle once again, from the rear to the front. A voice finally came over the intercom inside our cabin. It was the pilot, a man who spoke very good English with only a slight accent, in calm, soothing, fatherly tones, so it immediately put my nerves to rest. Id just been waved at by a creature of some kind, from an aircraft of some kind that was flying way too close to us. This was not normal, not even for me, and, I must admit, I was a tad rattled.
This is your captain speaking. I am requesting that everyone remain seated. Please know that we are safe and on time to land at Narita Airport at 1315 hours, Tokyo time.
He sounded a bit like George Takei, I thought.
Then he repeated it in Japanese. Note that he didnt say a word about any flying walnuts or aliens waving at us from said walnuts. Then again, what could he have said? 'Never you mind those flying nuts you just saw that nearly collided with our aircraft'? He was doing a good job, what with his very Japanese denial of an obvious reality. Hed employed a tried and true technique invented to prevent the rabble from panicking. A plane-load of panicking rabble wouldnt look good for a distinguished JAL pilot with 20-odd years of flying experience, now would it? This was further evidence of my theory that denial is a vital human tool when coping with difficult events, such as seeing flying walnuts the size of aircraft carriers flying above, beside and behind you.
As expected, everyone calmed down after our pilots reassuring, fatherly words. Despite that fact, still feeling a little rattled, I looked repeatedly out my window but didnt see the walnut ships again. I felt a curious mix of relief and disappointment. I eventually drifted off to sleep and didnt awaken until the pre-landing message was given, telling us to fasten our seatbelts and put our tray tables in the upright position. While we landed uneventfully, no one said a word.
I deplaned from the JAL flight at 1:30 p.m. Tokyo time. We were all ushered into a room inside the airport terminal where we werent even provided with anything to drink. Many of us were still sweating from our walnut ships encounter and could have used a stiff shot of something; even sake would have done the trick, but I assume the events of a few hours previous had thrown the itinerary off a little.
After waiting for what seemed like an hour, packed into this room that didnt seem to have any fresh air vents, the door finally opened and in strode a white guy in a dark suit, accompanied by a presumably Japanese man, also in a dark suit. I thought they were airport employees, but they didnt introduce themselves. The white guy turned to all 150 or so of us and said that wed seen something unusual and not to worry about it and not to talk to anyone about it. He paused after each sentence in order to let the Japanese man translate. He then said something about top-secret tests of new aircraft being performed, so it really was no big deal and nothing to be alarmed about.
I put up my hand. He tried to ignore me for a while, but I kept switching my arms each time one got tired from being held in the air, so he eventually couldnt ignore me anymore.
I saw a being sitting in one of those walnuts. It waved. What was that all about? Didnt look human to me.
Some of the others looked at me rather curiously, perhaps because such perfect English had come out of my face, which probably was not what they were expecting.
After considering it for a moment and shifting his weight around rather nervously, the white guy in the navy suit finally said, Some filmmakers are shooting a movie. It was probably just an actor. As I said, nothing out of the ordinary.
A white girl in her 20s put her hand up. But why was it flying so close to us? That was dangerous! She had an Australian accent.
Well, because they were filming it, they had to get close enough.
But why werent we told about the filming? We had a right to know!
This from a young Oriental man sitting at the front, in heavily accented English. Maybe hed attended an ivy-league university and had worked in America, much like Y-san.
An oversight, I guess. We apologize for any inconvenience this might have caused. Again, please dont speak of this to anyone, as we dont want to alarm our passengers. Im sure you can appreciate this. Welcome to Tokyo. Enjoy your visit.
As if. Now Japan was not only the land of my genetic origins, it was also the land of aliens from outer space in flying walnuts. I had to talk to someone about this. I figured Daniel already had too much on his mind, plus I didnt want him to think I was absolutely bonkers, so I texted Emma, purely out of desperation.

MOI: Am in Tokyo now. Saw UFO from plane.
EM: Huh??
MOI: Saw a flying walnut from plane. An ET inside waved at me. Just had to get that off chest. Bye.
EM: I'll make appointment for U with Dr. Rossi.

I put my iPhone away and felt a little bit better for having unloaded. Of course, it beeped at me for a while, as Emma was trying to get more information, but my nerves were too frazzled to text any more. When I got to my hotel room I switched the iPhone ringer off and took a nap, which helped.
Upon awakening, out of habit, I checked my iPhone messages, hoping that hunky Const. Dan had called while I was sleeping. He hadnt, but just as I was checking, a text did come in; from Emma, of course.

EM: Theres a name for what U have  Pseudologia fantastica.
MOI: Huh? (my turn this time)
EM: Its also called mythomania. Which makes U a mytho-maniac! Har har!
MOI: O go away.
EM: U can get help for that.
MOI: 4 what?
EM: Making things up.
MOI: Im not. U R just jealous. 

Despite the fact that I knew Emmas latest accusation was wrong, I Googled it nonetheless.

Pseudologia fantastica: Uncontrollable lying characterized by the fantastic description of false events in ones life.

What did I tell you. Some people accuse me of these things because my life is much more interesting than theirs. I cant help them; they just have to accept how boring their own lives are, which has nothing to do with me. Now, I must get back to my adventures, for I have a suspect to clear (that would be me) and a killer to catch.
I decided to get my mind off of my recent flying walnut, alien trauma by doing a little retail therapy.
Eager to hit the shops of Shibuya to scoop up some Hello Kitty t-shirts so I could prance around in them, mostly in the privacy of my own apartment, and perhaps even in front of a new boyfriend. And no, Emma wasnt getting a t-shirt, nor would she want one  too gimmicky and capitalistic, shed say. She prefers her Che Guevara t-shirts, and I was pretty sure they didnt sell Che Guevara merchandise in the land of the rising sun, which by then had apparently been re-nicknamed 'the land of the setting economy'. I didnt believe it. After all, this was the land that invented Astro Boy, Pokemon and the Chia Pet, not to mention my grandparents and then, indirectly, my parents, and then more indirectly, me. Well, maybe not the third one, but the Chia Pet was an enormous financial success despite its lame premise. The Japanese did invent a popular electronic pet whose name currently escapes me. Tammy-gotchoo? Something like that. It allowed you all the joys of parenting without the messy and inconvenient diaper changes. You didnt have to fear any visits from social workers, and if your Tammy-gotchoo baby died due to your inadequate parenting skills, you didnt have to fear a second-degree murder charge, nor scornful looks from other customers at the grocery. I can see why it was so popular. 
I also checked out the electronics shops in Akibahara district. Upon mounting the stairs from the subway to the street, I paused and turned 360 degrees, drinking in the neon and bustling crowd around me. It looked identical to my vision! And I have to tell you, it was most disconcerting to be in a country where everyone looked like me. It was very weird not to stand out in a crowd because everyone looked so similar to me, right down to the blonde highlights, and I didnt like it one bit. Some of the girls were even dressed like me, and for the first time in my life I was blending in with the crowd. It left me feeling confused and disoriented. 
I could see that the Sailor Moon look was still all the rage, what with the navy pleated schoolgirls miniskirts and tight white blouses. I saw lots of them in the Harajuku district, where teenagers did CosPlay (costume play) and dressed up in all sorts of inventive getups. 
In addition to spectating at the public costume parties, I soon learned that a cup of coffee in Japan was about $10 dollars Canadian. This meant I wouldnt be drinking much Japanese java, lest my budget run out before I could return home. 
It didnt take long before I finally got some male attention. While riding on the subway, I was groped by a Salary Man. No, thats not some Oriental superhero; its what they call the men in business suits who spend nearly all of their lives at work and then drop dead by the age of 40 from something called karoshi. According to the internet, the gropers are called chikan. I turned to see who the chikan was, but couldnt figure out which of the three men standing behind me it might be, as we were all packed in like sardines. I secretly hoped it was the younger, not the older one, but there was no way of knowing. Turns out all Japanese guys hands feel the same; at least, through polyester/spandex they do. And none of them made eye contact, of course. I wouldnt have minded ordinarily, except in this case it was definitely a Japanese guy doing it so I did not approve. If it had been Y-san, that might have been a different matter, but I still couldn't tell you exactly why. I guess Y-san was just different.
After moving as far as I could from the trio of potential Ariana-gropers and closer to a group of adolescent girls wearing Sailor Moon school uniforms, after the subway stopped I managed to find the Robot Expo without too much difficulty. I just followed the gaggle of chattering school girls out of the subway and up the stairs, where we joined a larger stream of black and dyed-reddish-brown heads entering an enormous, futuristic-looking pavilion. There was a large banner hanging outside, written upon with strange, squiggly letters, and with a drawing of a robot on it, so that helped.
The Japanese are feverishly building robots because theres a looming labour shortage due to the rapidly aging population. They dont want to bring in foreigners as labourers; theyd rather build robots to do the work for them. And theyre totally into integrating them into the human population; why, there are already some offices you can go to and be greeted by a robo-receptionist. I know because I saw it on YouTube; however, I have yet to see a robo-receptionist in the flesh, or, rather, in the silicone rubber, but will let you know when I do. And remember the tammy-gotchoo, that adorable little electronic pet sold to millions of adoring suckers  I mean, consumers  in North America? The Japanese certainly know how to market and sell stuff, so Im proud to say I share their genes, though not much else. However, according to Emma, The Japanese are totally xenophobic and backwards, and she would probably claim this proves that I am Japanese. She was extra curious about what I was doing, since she was planning to teach English in Japan at some point, along with her little Oriental boyfriend. I responded that if thats what she really thought about her people, as she calls them, then why did she want to live in Japan for a whole year? She said she needed the money, and that probably not everything about Japan was so backwards. I responded that she was correct on that last point because they are totally into robots, and thats hardly what you would call backwards. 
Aside from the robots, being in the land of my supposed ancestors certainly was proving to be interesting. I deliberately withheld telling her about the subway gropings. Thats a pleasure I wanted her to find out for herself; a little revenge on my part. However, knowing Emma, I thought she just might karate-chop the Salary Man unfortunate enough to grope her hemp-clad, vegan body, cute as it might be underneath all of her bulky, organic cotton clothing. Oh, I forgot to mention shes just shy of a black belt in judo, so if you ever encounter an Oriental hippie chick in a Che Guevera t-shirt on the Tokyo subway, dont mess with her.
Not long after arriving, I made a list of things I admired about The Japanese: their love of eyelid surgery, ginger-brown hair dye and cats with folded ears (just look at YouTube if you don't know what I'm talking about). And anything, I mean anything, that looks kawai, or really cute, like fluffy kittens (esp. with the aforementioned folded ears) and stuffed animals. And I do so love Japanese womens lifelong attempts to deny aging via constant hair colouring (with aforementioned ginger-brown dye), though they do have a natural racial advantage, as Oriental skin ages much more slowly than other types.
As Emma also pointed out, The Japanese, especially the young people, are basically Americans, and you gotta love em for that. She, of course, has a big problem with these young Japanese girls (I call them J-Girls) looking and acting like Americans but there's nothing wrong with that. They're just emulating/worshipping those who conquered them many decades ago. As Emma herself likes to say, The Japanese are a conquered people. When she says this, her face goes red and steam comes out of her ears. For such a young lass, she must have high blood pressure, what with all of her anti-imperialist ranting and raving. To the victor go the spoils, I say. It's as natural as natural selection, which, if it werent natural, wouldnt be called so. I think she should try yoga or meditation.
Upon first entering the convention centre where the Robot Expo was being held, my first instinct was to find the 'love-bots' because, surely, they were there somewhere. After several minutes of searching, if they were there I couldnt find them, and believe me I tried. Of course, being a family event, they all would have been modestly dressed, so they probably were there all along, disguised as law-abiding Japanese robo-civilians. I did find the servant-bots for helping the old and crippled people, the Roomba for vacuuming your house, the ones that play musical instruments and dance, and the grand-daddy of robots, Asimo, the celebrity robot. One look and I was sold; I am in love or, at least, in lust, with Asimo. They wouldnt let me take him home, though, but I am scheming to find a way to kidnap him/it. I had to be content to leave the Robot Expo with nothing more than an Asimo t-shirt.
The love-bots, I have a feeling, will have to be found inside some Japanese automobile engineers tiny bedroom. I saw a show on TV where they interviewed this little Japanese guy whose bedroom, or maybe it was his entire house, was filled with girl-bots. Some were dressed as French maids, some were dressed as schoolgirls, and some werent dressed at all. My main question was, Where were the guy love-bots? He didnt show the interviewer any of those. Since Japanese girls arent likely to be engineers, nor to make robots, I figured it would have to be some gay Japanese engineer making them in his bedroom. Maybe if I did a web search I could find one of these gay Japanese love-bot engineers and buy a test model off of him to take home with me on the plane. I totally knew I could do it. He/it would have been very quiet and obedient and would have posed no security risk whatsoever. Of course, he wouldnt be an Oriental love-bot; hed resemble George Clooney, in all likelihood. Or maybe Anderson Cooper (despite the rumours). Hed be custom-made. Imagine that! What is the world coming to, as my mother would say, if she were to find out about it, which she wouldnt, unless and until Emma told her, which she certainly might, just to increase the level of shame and conflict that already exists within my family, for which I usually get blamed. 
While in the land of the rising sun, I decided I had to check out one of those bars Id heard so much about, despite the fact theyd be crawling with bespectacled Salary Men, perhaps even the one whod groped me on the subway. I thought Y-san might be lurking in one of them, seeing as he technically was a Salary Man, although probably much wealthier and certainly better looking than most of them.
The bar I chose was in Shinjuku, which is referred to by travel guides as Tokyos red light district, so I had to check it out. It was pretty dark, and one drunken Salary Man after another was constantly bellowing out karaoke tunes, in Japanese, of course. Every time they paused from their singing, everyone politely clapped, which I didnt think they should do considering how bad they were. Why encourage someone to sing when theyre lousy at it? Kind of like my attitude towards sex. Why encourage someone to do it if theyre lousy at it? Then again, with sex you can always coach them. With singing they have to take singing lessons, then they have to practice, and you have to listen to them, and it just gets too complicated.
At first I thought Id impersonate one of those too-girlish bar hostesses Id read about, some of whom I think are call girls, so I pretended not to speak English, giggled a lot with one hand in front of my mouth and bowed too much. The Salary Men were all too drunk to notice me. This is not the response I was accustomed to, so after 10 minutes or so I decided to leave. I was just about to exit the bar when I noticed a tall-for-a-Japanese man leaning against the bar, staring at me. There was something about the look on his face that was slightly enticing and familiar, but I couldnt put my finger on it. On my way past, I stopped and leaned against the bar too. I was feeling a little bit desperate for some non-subway male attention, plus I was a little tipsy; otherwise, I wouldnt have done it. I was not accustomed to being ignored by men for so long. The bar-leaning worked. The Tall-For-a-Japanese-man man finished his drink and came closer. As he emerged from the ever-present haze of cigarette smoke that filled the entire bar, I saw that he had a big smile on his face, and I was relieved to see he wasnt repulsive looking; pretty nice looking, actually (for a Japanese guy). However, again, there was that feeling of familiarity, but, like an idiot, I ignored it. As he neared, it threatened to become nausea but I pushed it down, intrigued for some reason; possibly because of his taller-than-average height, by which I mean tall for a Japanese guy, or possibly because of the multi-hyphen adjectives that were so applicable to him. Id say he was about 510, and I recently heard the average male height the world over is 57, so he really was taller than average. Enough for me to give him a second look, especially on that night.
It turned out the reason he was familiar was because he was a Canadian like me, except from Mississauga, Ontario. We found an empty table, had too many drinks while talking about being in Japan for the first time and what a coincidence it was that he was a sansei, like me. He told me his name was Scott. We left the bar that night together and embarked on an illicit relationship, exploring our roots and Japan and each other. At least, I was pretty sure we had done those things because the only thing I really remembered was leaning heavily against him as we were leaving the bar, and then nothing after that. I woke up the next morning inside one of those capsule hotels, alone and nearly naked, with a hangover and clutching a mans blue silk tie which turned out to be his, so what else could I conclude? He was nowhere to be found, however. Despite its tiny reputation, the capsule was just the right size for cute little me and a lover, as long as he was well under 60 tall, which would have qualified my new sansei, but, as mentioned, he was nowhere to be found. I lay there a while searching my foggy memory of the previous nights events, but came up empty handed, save for the necktie.
Despite the skimpy evidence, it was evidence, so assuming that Scott and I had done it, I phoned to suss him out. It turned out the little tube Id awoken in was his little tube, and he had awoken in my comparatively expansive, walk-in-closet-sized hotel room  go figure. Nonetheless, despite our geographic separation, come the morning, he, too, assumed wed done it, though he was also too drunk to remember anything. Hed also awoken clutching an article of my clothing - my red, Goodmans lace bra - so we agreed to meet up at a noodle shop that afternoon and exchange clothing, which we did, discreetly, underneath the low table. Now sober, we picked up the same engaging conversation wed started the previous night, just before getting completely hammered on sake, which I had to admit was pretty darn tasty. I speculated that the events of that morning might have been due to some weird quantum physics conundrum involving the messing up of space and time, and that perhaps we really had done it, but separately, and from each others rooms. If something like that were going to happen, it would happen in Japan, wouldnt it? Theyre so technologically advanced, after all. However, after considering it for a while, I was not convinced it really happened. Quantum mechanics or not, as far as I know, lovers generally need to be in the same room in order to perform sexual acts with one another, unless were talking about virtual sex with electrodes, wires and an internet connection, which in this case we werent, so I decided to leave it at that. As far as I was concerned, I was still an Oriental-lover virgin.
Despite our confusion over this matter, Scott and I were happy to find we had lots of other things to talk about. We shared the same values and experiences, by which I mean a love of both capitalism and the occasional, meaningless, almost-one-night-stand, and neither of us had dated, nor slept with, an Oriental before. We acknowledged it was likely that this would never happen again, either. What can I say; were typical sanseis, and theres nothing I dislike more than being atypical.
We also found our temperaments were complimentary. The icing on the cake was finding out his hero was Winston Churchill, which perfectly complemented my idolization of M. Thatcher. Now those two should use a time-warp machine because theyd make one fabulous power couple, ruling Britain, if not the world, with their iron fists, as an iron team. Similarly, Scott and I seemed like some kind of non-sexual karmic match, so we decided to spend the rest of our time in Tokyo with each other, exploring our ethnic roots together; at least for a little while. I began regarding him affectionately as the non-physician, non-overachieving, big brother I never had. However, it turned out Scott was a physicist of some sort, in Tokyo for a convention. It also turned out that he was a doctor, although the PhD kind. Must I always be surrounded by over-achieving Oriental men?

* * * *

Still not having received a useful text lead on my iPhone from S. Admirer regarding the whereabouts of the geologists, on my third day in Tokyo, very much in private-eye mode, I dragged Scott back to the Robot Expo (his first time, my second) where we watched a Toyota demonstration of their new line of robots, while at the same time I kept an eye out for Y-san. Not easy, in a sea of black and dyed- reddish-brown heads. With regard to Scott, I say dragged because he had an aversion to that particular form of technology, which struck me as a tad odd given the fact that he was a scientist. When I asked why he felt that way, he responded that with the exception of his sports car back home, any machine larger than his cell phone was not to be trusted, especially when it looked human and could walk around by itself. It reminded me of my ex-boyfriends aversion to Tom Cruise; they seemed to find him sexually threatening for some reason. Sure, hes pretty hot; I suppose its the alpha male caveman thing. But who needs Tom Cruise when theres Asimo? He/it did an impressive though, according to Scott, creepy demonstration of jogging around on the display floor at the Robot Expo. Despite his complete lack of genitalia, I was in robo-lust. He was in close competition, however, with Toyotas violin-playing robot, which would be perfect for those nights when you just want to be wined, dined and played sweet music to. Much to my chagrin, the only model of robot available for consumer purchase at the time was the Isobot, only 30 cm tall and about $300.
Scott thinks robots are going to kill us all one day. Despite my rather disturbing psychic vision about the geologists robot army, I explained to him Isaac Asimovs Three Robot Rules, which included not killing human beings, but he still wasnt comforted by it. I think The Japanese have the right idea, what with their aging population, building robo-caregivers rather than importing foreigners to do the work. I can totally relate to this. On many days I would much prefer being tended to by a machine than a person; brushing ones teeth and washing ones face are such boring, yet essential, activities that it should be left to nonhuman beings to execute. Some day soon, perhaps.
I still felt the tiniest bit guilty over what Scott and I had at least attempted to do with each other inside his capsule hotel room, but since nothing had really happened between the two of us, except in our feverish imaginations and, perhaps, as he explained, in an alternate, quantum, capsule-hotel universe, there was no reason for me to feel that way. But I did, and that annoyed me. After all, Const. Dan and I weren't an item yet, so why feel guilty? And besides, it's such an overrated emotion.
I soon realized that Scott had quite a chip on his shoulder. Despite our friendship-only status, he seemed to be jealous about my crush on Asimo, which meant he was the jealous type so, of course, I didnt say a word about Daniel. I had a feeling that information would push Scott over the top, as he had a bit of a temper about some things. He was in great shape, but I think it would have given him a stroke knowing that not only did I lust for a robot, Id also been lusting after a gorgeous, white detective. I think Scott had an inferiority complex when it came to competing with white guys and, now, robots. Im not sure why. I may be a little insensitive at times, as Emma insists, but even I had pity for Scott.
After a day of checking out the Robot Expo, while slurping noodles inside a homey mom-and-pop noodle shop, and after several admiring comments from myself about this new form of life, he complained, How could I ever compete with a fucking robot? Hell never run out of energy, hell never fail to perform, hell never complain  hes unstoppable!
Hm. Sounds like the perfect boyfriend.
Scott gave me a withering look, so I pretended I was kidding.
It was apparent that Scott had already invented a male robo-nemesis with which he was going to have to compete for survival in the very near future. Perhaps its name was Asimo?
Havent you watched any sci-fi movies? Havent you seen the robot armies? Theyre going to kill us all! And take our women!!
By then, he was waving his arms about and had raised his voice, which earned a few curious glances from other customers sitting at tables nearby.
Of course, Scott was completely right, at least about robots theoretically being unrivalled lovers (but would they remember to take out the garbage? Yes, if you programmed them to!), so I couldnt think of anything to dispute his claims. The stuff about killing off the human race so they could take over, Id believe it when I saw it. If it did happen, by then the robots would have recognized my value to them and wouldnt lay a hand on me. At least, not a hostile one. Scott might be a different matter. If he was right and robots did turn against us, better to be in their good graces than regarding them as the enemy, I say.
I also wasn't forgetting my recent encounter with the giant, flying walnut. The ETs might take over before the robots get a chance, but I thought it best not to mention it because Scott was in such a testosterone-induced state already that he probably wouldnt have wanted to hear about having to compete for mates with yet another form of life. First red-blooded homo sapiens, then robots, and now ETs inside flying walnuts. Whats a girl to do? Its been a whirlwind of activity, and I am a most popular girl!
Regarding the robots, the transition has started; I recently saw a stack of Roombas at one end of the Household Items aisle at Goodman's. This is a novel way to slowly ease humans into the idea of robots among us; for now, theyre nothing more than harmless little slaves who do our bidding, and if they piss you off, say, you accidentally trip over one, you can just kick it across the room and it wont complain in the least. Who wouldnt love that?
On Sunday, the last day of the Robot Expo, I rose early to have breakfast with Scott and to see him off. As his physics convention had ended, hed decided to head back to Canada, Where there arent any of those fucking robots. He gave me his business card, which read Scott Matsumoto, M.Sc., Ph.D, and I tucked it into my purse, pondering whether or not Id really contact him in the future. If I'd been a physicist like him, perhaps I'd instead be pondering whether or not I'd really contact him in the past. Given what had apparently happened in Scott's capsule motel, it was possible I already had.
After hed left the hotel in a cab, I headed down to the Robot Expo to see what new information I might be able to glean. I wasnt disappointed.
As soon as I arrived, I noticed a throng of people crowded in front of one particular display and felt drawn to investigate. As I neared, I distinctly heard a man speaking loudly in a coarse, French accent about fibre-optics and microchips. I recognized that voice and my heart skipped a beat.
At first, so large was the throng that I could only peek on tiptoe to see what everyone was looking at. Then I caught a glimpse of the owner of that loud French voice, and yes, it was Jacques! And he appeared to be very excited about something.
Managing to push my way to the front, Jacques was poking and prodding a young woman wearing a French Maids uniform, with a very short skirt, and she was carrying a duster in one hand. She didnt seem to mind one bit, but she didnt look thrilled about it, either. If I had to describe it, she looked a little bored, despite the frozen smile on her face. I looked up at the large sign hanging above them, which had letters in what I believe is called katakana. Below it, in English, the sign read: 

NIKKEITECH ROBOCORP

So the French Maid was a NikkeiTech robot! That explained her glazed-over expression and tiny, perfect, white teeth. I glanced back over at her and a chill went through me at the sight of those teeth, as, for some reason, I imagined them chewing with incredible speed through a human arm. Shaking that strange, yet possibly psychic, image out of my head, I was surprised to realize that I recognized the companys name - it was the same company that made Y-san, although at that point it was only a suspicion on my part that he was a robot. If Y-san wasnt a robot, he at least could have been a covert employee of NikkeiTech, which might have explained why Jacques was here talking to a NikkeiTech representative and groping one of their robots in front of all of these people. But where was Y-san?
I looked back at the French Maid robot, who I decided to dub Jaws-san. A tiny man in a pinstripe suit was now working on the back of her head with an enormous screwdriver, which caused the Maids right hand to start twitching. Jacques looked very excited at that point. He turned to a young Oriental woman standing beside him, who was wearing a sharp, red designer skirt suit with a thigh-high side slit, and murmured something which caused her to translate his words to the tiny man in the pinstripe suit, who responded in Japanese to the woman, who then turned back to Jacques and quietly translated the answers. This went on for quite some time, with Jacques becoming more and more excited. I do believe if you had given him a light bulb to hold in his hand at that moment, it would have lit up.
Exactly what was Jacques up to now? He briefly turned towards me, scanning the crowd, so I quickly ducked backwards and tried to melt into the sea of black heads. While I was cowering it occurred to me that at least one of the hairy French geologists was here to buy robots, but for their own enjoyment or for some other purpose? I would have to wait until my return to Van for an answer to that particular question.
After keeping a close yet covert eye on him, when he started leaving, I followed Jacques, who was still minus Pierre, for as long as I could. After shaking the tiny mans hand and bowing once or twice, he left the Robot Expo alone. As I trailed him and took pictures with my iPhone, he strolled out into the sunshine and down the street, which was packed with people on their lunch breaks so, it made surveillance difficult. He paused to look at a few display windows in various shops selling Hello Kitty merchandise (the address of which I took a photo of for future t-shirt shopping reference) and cutting-edge electronic devices. When he suddenly ducked inside a noodle bar, I gave chase, but upon entering the premises, could not find him anywhere. Thinking he might have gone into the mens washroom, I ordered a bowl and sat in one corner, waiting, but he never emerged. At that point, I figured he must have ducked out the rear exit, which meant he knew he was being followed. At least the noodles were quite delicious, almost better than the dried version that comes in a red package that my relatives in Ontario used to send us every Christmas.
This Jacques was proving to be a wily character, but was I up to the challenge? You bet I was, if it would bring Teds killer to justice. And to this point, Id managed to see several spectacular cities and have some wild and crazy adventures, so it wasnt like I hadnt enjoyed myself immensely. But it was time to get back to Van, and to Dan, whose live-and-in-person interest I had been dying to bask in for some time now. After the mini debacle with Scott the sansei, I was looking forward to setting eyes on the gorgeous detective even more.
After slurping down the authentic Japanese noodles and losing track of Jacques, I returned to my hotel room to catch some zees. While asleep I had another of my psychic-type dreams in which I saw Ted, Jacques and Pierre sitting in the SFMC boardroom. They were signing legal documents, which they passed back and forth amongst one another, then stood up and shook hands all around, smiling and patting each other on the back. Then I saw the geologists buying King Tuts gold mask, which theyd gotten from Zahi Hawass, the Egyptian Secretary General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities, handing him a large wad of cash and grinning from ear to ear. Then they were inside a large warehouse, standing amidst a legion of robots or, rather, 'love-bots', all dressed like the French maid Id seen at the Robot Expo. It was like that scene from I Robot when Will Smith is hunting for Sonny, the rogue robot, amidst a sea of identical robots, except these ones were girls; scantily clad and well-endowed maid girls.
Upon awakening from my dream, I suddenly realized exactly what was going on; the geologists were on some sort of around-the-world shopping spree, spending all the money theyd stolen from hard working people like me. OK, it was actually Ted whod bought the shares for me, but you know what I mean. The geologists had ripped off all of our trusting clientele, who then blamed Ted for the whole fiasco. My blood was boiling.
My mind was crammed with all the information Id gleaned during my globe-trotting and, at the same time, I was trying to make sense of it all in order to solve the mystery at hand. At that point I knew one thing; I had to return home ASAP to dig out Teds files and pore over them with Daniel. I would have preferred to do this with Daniel looking over my shoulder while I sat in his lap, but if for some reason that wasn't possible, I decided I would proceed anyway. Aside from feeling very excited at that thought, my psychic sixth sense was telling me those documents were the key to solving this case.
I dug my iPhone out of my purse and booked the next flight home to Vancouver.
Before leaving the Land of the Rising Sun, I did have one last task to perform: the big reveal of Y-san as a NikkeiTech robot. 
After downloading a PDF of the Owners Manual from the NikkeiTech website, I learned that all R700-MS0s have a Power On/Off switch located at the base of their skulls, right on the back of their necks. It was up to me to locate Y-san so I could test this out for myself and gloat that Id been right all along.
I dialed his cell phone number and waited while it rang four times. I was disappointed: Id hoped he could hear my voice directly and, thus, not be able to resist the invitation. His voicemail answered and he spoke first in Japanese, then in English:
Moshi-moshi, Yamagata-san desu. Pureesu reevu a meseju andu I wiru caru baku. Sankyu. (Translation? Hello, this is Mr. Yamagata. Please leave a message and I will call back. Thank you.)
I said that I was in town but leaving soon, so could he meet me for a $10 cup of coffee that afternoon so I could say goodbye?
Five minutes later, he responded by text message:

Dear Ariana-san,
Yes. Can we meet @ Saucy Stars Coffee Bar outside Kyobashi subway stn. 5 p.m.?
Sincerely,
Teruo

He was so much easier to understand in text. I texted back: 

C U there!

I arrived at the Saucy Stars Coffee Bar (whatever Saucy Stars are, with regards to coffee or anything else for that matter, is a mystery to me) at 4:55 pm, ordered two ice coffees, took a seat at a super-tiny table and waited. Actually, in North America, the table would have ranked as super-tiny, considered more suitable for small children, but for super-tiny people like me/us Japanese types, it was juuuust right.
 The overly-prompt Y-san strolled quickly through the front door at exactly 5:00:17 p.m. (by my watch, anyway, which must have been running slow because The Japanese are always early, not late), still looking cute for a Japanese guy, and still with that odd hitch in his gait - odd, that is, unless youre a robot. A NikkeiTech robot.
We chatted over our over-priced, now-slightly-tepid ice coffees for a few minutes, then I abruptly announced I had to catch my flight. It was a lie, but I needed to get down to business and do what Id gone there to do. I insisted on giving Y-san a hug goodbye, but it was really a duplicitous act. While he put his arms gingerly around me, I started poking around on the back of his head with my fingers, searching for the switch. After a while of this, he straightened up and had a curious look on his face, as you might imagine.
I was shocked. I could not find a switch of any kind located on the back of his head. I came right out with it and asked him to please turn around so I could inspect the region. In retrospect, I realize this didnt sound quite the way I had intended it to, but like an obedient robot would, he did as I commanded. Must have been my perfect English and authoritative manner. Parting his hair like a monkey picking fleas off a fellow primate, I combed through his hair with my fingers, and damn it if I could find anything resembling an on/off switch.
Wa-tu a-ru yu do-in-gu? Y-san inquired of me, as I would have of him, but coherently. In fact, if he were to start groping the back of my head, I would have slapped him. This is the difference between robots and humans: the ability to take offence, and I, being human, would have. Y-san, on the other hand, remained as cool as a cucumber, aside from his verbal inquiry. Having no luck searching the back of his head, I started searching the rest of it, pulling his head down so that he was now bent in half like a pretzel. Again, he complied in what I considered a non-human fashion. Who in their right mind would put up with being woman-handled in such an odd manner, and in public?
I found nothing but whitish scalp. It was then that I realized my terrible mistake. Y-san probably was not a robot after all, but merely a robotic Japanese Salary Man, albeit a rather sexy one, for a Japanese guy. And he still showed no sign of being attracted to me, which meant he was another one of those rare men I'd been encountering lately. Could it be that Y-san deemed qualities other than physical hotness, such as brains and personality, as being of equal importance? Perhaps; however, seeing as I am well-endowed on all of these points, to this day it is still a mystery as to why he showed nothing more than professional interest. Perhaps I was encountering some new breed of man, cooked up in a high-tech genetics lab, capable of focusing solely upon work and nothing else. Not even me. Those crazy Japanese; what will they think of next?
I finally released my claw-like grip on his head, which would have correctly been termed his Central Processing Unit, if I had found that he was, indeed, a robot. He stood up looking flustered, straightening his suit jacket and tie. It was my turn to feel embarrassed, then. Maybe I really was Japanese after all.
Attempting to pat down his shellacked hair and help him smooth out the new creases in his silk suit, I apologized to Y-san, said my goodbyes and quickly exited the establishment, melting into the crowd on the sidewalk, which wasnt hard owing to all the black and dyed-reddish-brown heads around me. If he wasnt a robot, what motive could he have for killing Ted? After all, they'd been partners in charge of the companys largest gold strike, so why would Y-san do him in? Was he a partner in crime with the geologists? Y-san didnt strike me as the type, and Im a good judge of character, due to my psychic sense. Perhaps he was just another patsy in the geologists whole scheme; a wealthy investor whod been taken to the cleaners, just like Ted.
Seeing as this was as good an explanation as any, right then and there I decided he was no longer a suspect in my books. I turned my sights fully on the pair of geologists, seemingly the masterminds of this whole tragic debacle.
The night prior my departure, despite the fact I was glad our brief, wronger-than-wrong affair-that-never-happened was over, and that I had a hotter-than-hot detective waiting for me back in Van (even if it was only to interrogate me again, for the time being), I found myself feeling rather lonely and missing Scotts company. To quell these unwanted feelings, I searched the freezer section of one of the corner grocery stores for a tub of brain-freezing ice cream. I bought one, took it back to my hotel room, polished it off with a non-recyclable plastic spoon, and it was good. Choco-Banana walnut.
Brain effectively numbed, I called up Auntie Mabel (my Dad's sis), as it was her birthday. As always, she was happy to hear from me, and we had our usual conversation about moms increasing hearing loss and dads gradually declining golf game. She reported that Emma and her Oriental boyfriend, Nicholas, were taking a knitting class together. Knitting Che Guevara hemp hats, no doubt.

As I rode in a taxicab to Narita Airport the next morning, I received another text message from S. Admirer. It was a link to a news site with a most interesting article posted on it: an unidentified man's body was found washed up on the shores of the Nile River in a village called Rosetta, so named because it is located close to where the Rosetta stone was found. The article went on to state:

The corpse is still unidentified, but despite the fact that the head, one arm and one leg were missing, most likely chewed off by crocodiles, the medical examiner stated that the victim appeared to be an unusually hairy Caucasian male in his early 30s.

Who else could it be but the missing Pierre? It would explain the fact that I hadn't seen him since chasing the pair of geologists down the dusty streets of Cairo. It would also explain why I hadnt seen Pierre at all since being in Tokyo, such as at the Robot Expo where I saw only Jacques, who was busy groping a NikkeiTech robo-maid. At that point, I had a gut feeling that his killer had to be Jacques. And if Jacques were capable of killing his partner, he was also capable of killing Ted. If true, it meant that Jacques had only to off one more person and he could qualify as a serial killer. Daniel had to know, so I called him up. It went straight to voicemail so I left a message.
Hi Daniel, its Ari. I just found out a dead body washed up on the shores of the Nile River in Egypt. I e-mailed you the link. I think its Pierre because I havent seen him in quite a while, and I think Jacques killed him. To be honest, I think he killed Ted, too. Id contact the Egyptian authorities if I were you. I saw Jacques at the Robot Expo and tried to follow but lost him in a noodle shop. I have a theory about why he was shopping for robots. Im returning to Vancouver in the morning, so Ill explain more soon. Ta for now!
The flight back to Van was long and uneventful, despite the fact I checked repeatedly for flying walnuts. All I saw were some cloud formations that looked like tropical fruits (mostly pineapple, if you must know, with the odd kiwi thrown in); hardly inspiring or unusual. In spite of the saying, you seen one, you seen em all, I definitely wanted to see another one, by which I mean a flying walnut. Upon realizing it wasnt to be, at least not during that particular flight, I passed the time finishing off my M. Thatcher bio and napping, which was difficult because so many things were whirling around inside my head.
I did receive a text from Emma. The poor girl must have been waiting with bated breath to hear my latest adventures. All I texted back was the date of my arrival, the arrival time and the gate number, and asked her to please pick me up if she could. Despite the fact we argue constantly, Id rather sit in a car with her for 30 minutes than pay $50 for a cab. I had just spent a whack of cash all over the globe and would be receiving an enormous VISA bill shortly, probably the largest Id ever seen, so it was time to start pinching pennies again.
While napping I devised a brilliant plan that would enable me, hopefully with Daniels help, to capture Jacques once and for all and bring him to justice. But first I had to gather more evidence back at home.



PART THREE

Chapter 12 - Vancouver, Canada: Im Back Baby!
To my pleasant surprise, I found Emma waiting for me at the International Arrivals gate of YVR at 6:20 a.m. As I approached her, pulling my pink plaid Chanel rolling suitcase behind me, rather than running up and hugging me with relief that Id made it home in one piece, she just stared blankly at me and said, You dont look any different from when you left.
As we both headed for the luggage carousel, I quipped, Ill take that as a compliment.
She replied, I mean, you dont look like someone who claims to have chased two fugitives around the Sphinx in Egypt or attended a devil-raising in England.
I just made an impatient tsk noise and shook my head so that my lustrous, silky hair shimmered and shook.
Despite my adventurous ways and close calls, I always take the time to rest up and refresh, with weekly spa treatments. You know that by now.
I spotted my second large, rose-pink Chanel suitcase come sliding down the chute onto the rotating carousel and waited for it to go all the way around again before coming close enough for me to reach it. No point in risking breakage of a stiletto heel while chasing after a piece of moving luggage. If you werent supposed to stand in one spot and wait for it, they wouldnt put your luggage on a carousel in the first place, would they?
I dont like to let on that at heart Im really an Oriental Indiana Jones, I said as I watched my luggage round the last carousel bend and slowly approach me. After making a snorting sound with her rather large nostrils, she said, Youre Asian, not Oriental.
Yes, I was definitely home.
When my suitcase had finally reached the point where it was about five feet away from me but still too far for me to reach, Emma made another snorting noise, this time an impatient one, and lunged forward to grab it. Either way, I ended up expending less energy, which was important given the fact that I was suffering from jet lag and would take a few days to recuperate. Allowing Emma to roll my carry-all to the parkade also helped me retain my last stores of energy that afternoon. As it turned out, I would need them, as I learned something very gossip-worthy had been happening during my absence overseas.
I'd forgotten that it was Sunday and, thus, time for one of the family dinners, at Mom and Dad's place this time. There were hugs all around, as most of the rellies were there, and I distributed my souvenirs accordingly. Emma even seemed to not dislike the Clash t-shirt I'd brought all the way from London. It was suitably anarchic, I suspect.
The menu was pot roast and new potatoes, cooked to perfection by Mom, with some help from the aunts but not from me, since I cant cook worth a damn, though I did stir the gravy.
Right after dinner, I was going to make a quick phone call to Molly, not only to tell her I was back in town but to break the news, as gently as possible, about Pierre, though it had not yet been proven.
It turned out that my iPhone battery was dead, so I decided to use my parents' cordless phone. For privacy, I'd gone into their upstairs study. Everyone was downstairs, still ooh-ing and aah-ing over my fabulous souvenir gifts.
 At first I couldnt hear a dial tone and was just about to hang up and try again when I heard one voice on the line, then two. One I recognized as my brother, Ken. The other was a womans voice, rather high and girlish-sounding, which sounded vaguely familiar but which I didnt recognize. Here is an approximation of what I heard:
Unknown Woman: -Cant you come over? Itll only take 10 minutes. Tell her youre running to the store to buy some milk. Then your car had a flat tire
At that point, the unknown womans voice became husky:
You can drive it into my garage and Ill blow it up for you
Even I was shocked at that last comment. I guess sexual innuendo always sounds stranger when it comes from, well, a stranger. Just who was this mystery woman whod offered to inflate my overachieving brothers tires?
Ken (sounding rather cross): Dont be ridiculous, Samantha! I cant leave now, were about to eat dinner! And I told you never to call me at my parents house!
My immediate reaction was, Ah ha! Samantha! Then: Who the hell is Samantha?! I began searching my memory bank of Top 10 Girl Baby Names, but came up blank.
Unknown Woman (Samantha): Dont be silly, scrumpkins! Theyll never know. Come on, baby, we can eat together
Then I heard someone on the line gulp loudly. It might have been me, but was probably Ken. Then I heard another noise, this time somewhere in the hallway, just outside the study, which caused me to hang up the phone so abruptly Ken must have heard it. I immediately went and hid in the study closet, in case he came to investigate. Inside, I found that years birthday present to my niece, brother-Kens six-year-old daughter, SueAnn: a red, plastic PlaySkool playhouse. Despite the fact that it filled the entire closet, being so small and cute, I fit perfectly inside it and closed the closet door. I waited there for about 10 minutes, but my stomach was starting to grumble, so I exited and went back downstairs and joined the fam for dinner, none the worse for wear. If Ken knew Id overheard his secret conversation, he didnt let on one bit.
So my perfect brother was having an affair. I wasnt yet sure just what to do with this little tidbit of information. I figured it deserved some careful consideration, if not strategic planning. I wondered how my parents would react to knowing I wasnt the only deviant they raised to be a decent, hard-working model minority member of the family. Then again, maybe it wouldnt make any diff at all. You know, theres that double standard. When men screw around theyre just being men. And all the successful men, like my brother, are practically expected to have at least one mistress anyway. When women like me do the same thing, or are the mistresses, were sluts. Myself, I prefer the word tart. It just sounds yummier. And besides, I dont really mind being called a tart (if anyone is calling me that; if not, I might have to start a rumour). At least it makes me stand out from the crowd of doctors and runway models.
Dinner was a smashing success, aside from the trashy new info I'd accidentally gleaned about Ken Jr. Emma was kind enough to drop me off at my place afterwards, at which time I gave her $20 for gas and her precious time. After plugging my iPhone in for a much-needed recharge, I laid down on the couch and fell into a deep slumber.
Upon awakening, which was at 6 a.m. the next morning, as I sat up and tried to get off the couch, my legs and back hurt rather a lot. I chalked it up to all of my running up and down the dusty streets of Cairo, and being abducted more than once. After doing a few yoga stretches, I felt as right as rain again, at which point my iPhone dingled from its charging dock. The text message read:

Welcome home, my dear. Go to the Bank of BC with the key and show UR ID to Mrs. Madsen. She will take you to safety deposit box #1257. Inside it youll find something very important. Youre a smart girl; I know youll figure it out.
Love, 
S. Admirer

The key. What key? I scanned my memory for a while and came up with nothing. All my keys were on my rhinestone poodle keychain. Key, key, keyI dug them out of my purse and looked at each one carefully. Then I came across one that I had never used, and remembered where Id gotten it from. It was the silver mystery key Ted had given me just after I started my employment at SFMC, which I had stuck on my keychain and promptly forgotten about. As it was the old-fashioned, padlock kind, Id come to view it as simply another bobble/charm. Hed never told me what it was for; only that it was important and to keep it on my person at all times. This had to be it!
After a quick shower, I was so excited that I didn't even bother putting on any makeup, which, believe you me, is very rare. After pulling on a pair of skinny jeans and an Aran tunic, I grabbed my Coach bag, jumped into my car and hurried to the bank. Managing to find a parking space right in front of the bank, which was located in the downtown core, I charged the meter time on my credit card with my iPhone, which is so much more convenient than scrambling around for coins.
I entered the bank and headed straight to the information desk, where I asked for Mrs. Madsen. When she approached me from behind an open-air desk covered with manila file folders, I didnt recognize her until she held out her hand, tipped with professionally manicured, blazing red fingernails, and said, Good morning, Miss Okata. Her voice sounded very familiar, and she certainly knew who I was, but I couldnt place where Id seen her before. She had one of those sexy, throaty voices that women who smoke do.
Mrs. Madsen smiled at me then and I realized she also looked damned familiar but I still couldnt place her face. Then I looked at her gold name-tag, which read: Josephine Madsen - Financial Advisor. Teds financial advisor was Joe Smith, or, at least, six months previously he was, which was the last time Id seen Joe while running a bank errand. I looked into Mrs. Madsens face again.
Gradually, it dawned on me; I was looking at Joe, now wearing foundation, red lipstick, blue eyeshadow and designer eyeglasses, and below all that was a designer skirt suit, and above all that, a chic red bob. Adorning her neck was a strand of freshwater pearls. Joe had become Josephine, and judging from the ice on her left hand, had also gotten married recently to someone with the surname Madsen.
Without missing a beat, I replied, Thank you, Mrs. Madsen. May I say, youre looking quite spectacular. And I love your pumps! 
I wasnt lying; I did. They were black patent leather with cute little bow ties on top. The heels were only three inches, but one has to dress conservatively while working in a bank.
They were on sale at Goodmans, she shared with me, which explained why I loved them. Her voice was still transitioning and, thus, was still a bit deep and throaty. We were now two girls with the same excellent fashion sense, and I flashed her a dazzling smile, which she returned, along with a wink of her fabulous, heavily mascara-ed eyelashes.
Josephine showed me to the banks private safety deposit box viewing room. She found and removed box # 1257 and placed it on a large table, beside which were two chairs.
Ill leave you to it. Take your time. If you need any help, dont hesitate to buzz me.
She indicated a green button on the wall next to the door.
Thank you, Josephine.
She smiled and nodded once before closing the door and leaving me alone inside the room.
I eagerly inserted the shiny silver key that was hanging from my rhinestone poodle keychain, into the long, rectangular locked box. It fit perfectly. Holding my breath slightly, I lifted the lid.
The interior was completely empty, save for a black velvet drawstring bag. Upon stretching the bag open I saw that inside was a DVD case and a gold key. Great, another key, not to mention another DVD to watch. At least this key was nearly as pretty as the silver one. I tucked the DVD into my purse and attached the gold key to my poodle keychain, then closed the box and relocked it.
On my way out of the bank I discreetly passed a discount coupon for one of Goodmans upcoming clearance sales to Josephine, who was sitting at her desk working on her laptop. 
Theyre having a huge blowout sale on ladies lingerie next week. Dont miss it! Maybe Ill see you there!
Her face lit up, and she pushed her designer frames up her freshly powdered nose. Why, thank you so much, Ariana! Thats very kind of you!
I nodded once, sharing a joyful moment with a fellow lady shopper of fine garments, and departed with the mysterious DVD and new key burning a hole in my purse.
After picking up some takeaway Chinese for lunch, I immediately drove home and popped the DVD into my player. I brewed up a pot of green tea and settled into my chaise lounge with a plate of Ginger Beef and Mushroom Fried Rice. As I ate, I watched incredulously as none other than Ted appeared, wearing the same silk suit hed worn in his Reading of the Will DVD, thus causing me to assume they had both been recorded at the same time. He was sitting in the same crushed-velvet armchair and addressed the camera as before.
Ariana, my dearest Ariana. If you are watching this, then you have been working tirelessly to solve my untimely demise. Thank you, my dear; I will always be grateful. I recorded this for one purpose; to disclose the truth of what really happened to me.
I hit the pause button on my remote and immediately picked up my iPhone to call a much-perused phone number. He answered on the second ring.
Daniel? You must come here at once, I have something youve got to see! Its a DVD Ted recorded just for me. It has important information about the case! And I've got Chinese takeaway, if you're hungry!
That did it. Thirty minutes later I greeted Daniel at my front door.
When I opened it, a warm thrill went through me. There was Daniel standing before me, looking super sexy and conservative in his work clothes: a button-down, grey pinstripe shirt, striped blue tie and dark grey suit jacket and trousers, inside which was his trim, muscular swimmers bod. I had to remind myself this was probably a business meeting only, but I was simply thrilled to see him in the flesh after a month or so of travelling around the world. He held out one large, meaty hand with its well-manicured nails, so I shook it, even though my impulse was to leap into his muscular arms; however, I thought it important to remain as professional as possible and not lose sight of our job: solving Ted's murder.
I was passing by, so I thought I'd take you up on your invitation. Good enough for me! I have to finish a report by tomorrow morning, so Im afraid I cant stay long, he informed me.
I understand, Constable, I agreed.
Knowing the formality would evaporate before long, I invited him inside and closed the door.
Once Daniel had settled onto my couch with a plate of freshly microwaved Chinese takeaway, I re-hit the Pause button on the DVD remote control. 
On the TV screen, Ted unfroze from the state Id left him in and began to explain.
First off, if I am deceased, theres only one person who could have done it. Or perhaps two, if they havent killed each other already. Either Jacques or Pierre. And you would be the best person to find out, seeing as they are so fond of you. If anyone can pull it out of them, its you my dear Ariana. Youre such a smart girl.
Aha! I knew it! I couldn't help but exclaim out loud. 
When I looked over at Daniel, he was mid-chew and watching the TV screen intently. Then I twigged on the last comment Ted had made. Where had I heard it before?
Ted sighed heavily just then and loosened his tie before continuing.
I didnt know it was a scam until you did, I promise you that. I believed every word Jacques and Pierre told me, every report they made from the field, every lie theyd spun. I was just as devastated as you were to find out how empty their promises were, and how much I was letting all our investors down. I do have a weak heart, as you know, but in the event that I am found deceased, I want you to ensure that the two geologists are investigated thoroughly. The reason I say this is because I know things about those two that Im not supposed to. Things like they lied about being from France. I dont know where theyre really from, but I overheard them talking when they didnt think I was listening, and they are not European. I want you to find out who they are, my dear. I once saw some papers of theirs listing large transfers of money from a Swiss Bank Account. Where this money came from I dont know, but they claimed it was sent to them by a German baron theyd done some surveying work for. They are not to be trusted, so dont. Ever. Take care of yourself, Ariana. And please dont cry too much. Find out who did this, for me.
Ted reached forward then, about to shut off the camcorder, but he hesitated.
Oh, I almost forgot. If you managed to find this DVD that means you also have the gold key from my safety deposit box. Take it to 4940 Forest Drive, locker #71. Youll find more of what is needed.
He leaned forward again, out of frame, and the DVD recording ended.
Well? Is that not the smoking gun you need? I inquired of him.
There isnt enough there to go on. All I know is that Ted was suspicious of the geologists, but theyre already suspects. And I don't have a positive ID yet on the human remains found in the Nile. By the way, thanks for that.
Oh, anytime. But the keythere might be more evidence in the locker.
Youll have to give it to me.
What, the key? I cocked my head like a befuddled puppy, a fave pose of mine, as you've probably noticed by now.
Dan smiled back and waited.
Well, that all depends
Then it was my turn to wait.
It isnt enough to completely clear you as a suspect, if that's what you're thinking.
I looked up into his handsome face and batted my Chinese-made eyelashes at him. But you know Im innocent, dont you?
He remained silent, but looked amused.
"I'm not sure where the key is, right now," I lied, which I didn't like doing, but being a new private investigator, I had to keep some of my cards close to my Goodman's-water-bra-enhanced chest.
Again, he chose to say nothing about my non-cooperative stance, for the time being, so I pressed on with talk of other, non-murder-related things, such as asking how he'd been while I'd been away. It was during that conversation that I found out some new and surprising info about him.
He was divorced and had two young sons, Bryce and Clancy, ages 4 and 6, respectively. That meant he was one of those guys who married and had children young, because Constable Daniel didn't look a day over 35. As for his ex-wife, Daniel told me they had an amiable but not entirely friendly relationship. As he spoke, I realized this was not your typical kind of conversation with a murder suspect; he was letting me in the door just a little, so I was sure to remain attentive and nodded a lot while he talked.
He stayed for a cup of tea and some more chatting about non-murder things, like movies we'd seen that we liked, and ones that we didn't like. But before long, he returned to the reason why he'd come over in the first place.
"Ariana, you'll have to turn that key over to me. If not, I might have to charge you with obstruction. I don't want to do that. I like you."
Having suddenly turned serious, but having tacked on a lovely personal comment at the very end, I inspected his expression closely: it was that same poker face I'd seen during my interrogation in the offices of SFMC. Just beneath it, however, was Daniel, who'd loosened up a little since first arriving at my place, and the corner of one lip was turned up slightly as he regarded me. It felt like we were becoming friends, which suited me just fine, for the time being anyway. It also occurred to me that being considered a friend by the detective in charge of a murder investigation in which you were a suspect could only be helpful.
While falling asleep that night (alas, alone), I suddenly realized why Teds words Youre such a smart girl had sounded familiar. S. Admirer had used the same words in his last text message to me, the one that had led to Teds DVD in his safety deposit box. Could it be that S. Admirer was really Ted, contacting me from The Other Side? I was now wide awake, contemplating all of the possibilities.
Looking at the illuminated clock sitting on my bedside table, it read 3:15 a.m. Despite the fact Id read that 3 a.m. was when the human brain shuts down, regardless whether one is captaining the Exxon Valdez or driving alone down a rain-slicked street in Vancouver, I decided that it was as good a time as any to take the special gold key and find Teds storage locker. I had to practice more of my private eye skills, after all, and sneaking around at four in the morning to find evidence was the perfect way to do it.



Chapter 13 - Rite As Rain
It was oddly comforting to be out driving at such an ungodly hour, with only the odd car passing by now and then. This was the only time the city ever quieted down from its usual neo-cosmopolitan racket of honking horns and construction trucks hauling rocks back and forth.
It took me 20 minutes to drive to the Store-It-Rite Storage Lockers at 4940 Forest Drive. Would have been nice if they Spelled-It-Right, I thought to myself as I approached the building, but in this day and age of text messaging LOLs and IMHOs, I wasnt holding my breath. What was the world coming to? A planet full of semi-literate, text-messaging humanoids, thats what. I guess Im one to complain though, what with my copious text messaging and use of abbreviations on my beloved iPhone. At least I still know how to spell, and in real British English, with all of the us intact.
I parked my car in a not-very-well-lit parking lot next to the warehouse-shaped building. To my relief, the sign outside it read: 24 hours and, sure enough, there was an attendant sitting inside a tiny room at the front of the building. After signing in, I climbed a flight of creaky stairs to the second floor where I found locker #71. While fumbling with my keys for a bit, I thought I heard a noise from the stairway and stopped what I was doing, holding my breath to see if I could hear any more noises. When none came, I went back to locating the gold key I'd found inside Ted's safety deposit box. It glinted under the dim warehouse lighting. I inserted it in the large padlock holding the locker door shut, turned it, and the lock popped open. Score!
The inside of the locker was pitch black, so I took out my trusty iPhone and engaged the torch app. Having only used it once before while fumbling in the dark for my clothing during a disastrous date involving the back seat of a Hummer, an overly eager lifeguard and a self-inflating red lifesaver, I found the torch app surprisingly bright, in fact, enough for me to find the light switch next to the door.
The locker held a rather impressive-looking motorcycle (though I know nothing about them, I could tell it was quite expensive and, thus, impressive) and six large cardboard boxes, each one taped shut. I honed in on the ones marked OFFICE FILES and, using one of my keys, tore the tape off sufficiently in order to remove the rest of it from the box flaps.
Just then, I heard a noise again  this time distinctly a door slamming shut somewhere downstairs. I froze. Who else would be inside the storage facility at nearly 4 in the morning? Had I been followed? Had Jacques made his way back to Vancouver and was now searching for the files that just might incriminate him?
I could hear footsteps coming up the same stairs I had recently mounted. The door to the locker was still open and if I shut it, the person belonging to those footsteps would surely notice. Instead, feeling very much like my fave fictional girl PI, Nancy Drew, I stood up, shut the light off and stood silently beside the still-open door, just inside the locker, waiting as the steps drew nearer. Finally, they paused right in front of the open locker door. My mind raced as I tried to figure out what to do when and if the person entered the locker. If I had a brick in my hand, I could hit him over the head with it, but I didnt have one. All I had was my purse, so I held that up in the air, poised and ready to inflict some Coach damage on the intruder's head.
A torchlight snapped on and its beams shone inside the locker. When the figure advanced inside, I stepped out and confronted him, holding my designer bag as threateningly as possible above my head.
-Ariana?
Just as I was about to swing the bag down, I paused. I recognized the voice.
Daniel?
The torchlight turned around and shone at the face of the person whod just admonished me  yes, it was Daniel! I was so relieved to see his handsome face, especially in a rather dicey place like this at a dicey time of the morning such as this. I threw my arms around him in relief.
You shouldnt be out by yourself at this time of night! he said.
Still clinging on to him I responded, I know, I know. Im practicing my private investigation skills.
"Uh, is there a light switch in here?"
I released my grip on Daniel and flicked the overhead light back on. Daniel was giving me a funny look (wasnt the first time nor would it be the last), but I didn't care. I was just happy to see him, and happy that he wasn't Jacques.
I need to get used to striking out on my own when I have hunches about things. That way I can verify them for myself, before I bring in the big guns. You know, such as yourself."
He smiled then, just a teeny bit; I saw it. I was slowly and surely wearing him down, Ari style.
Im so glad youre here. We can go through Teds files together! I lifted one of the cardboard boxes onto the floor. We both sat down on the cement floor, which was surprisingly clean, and starting rifling through several of Teds office files. I recognized my own handwriting on some of them, and Teds swirly signature, which brought mist to my eyes.
As we searched, I asked, "How did you know I was here?"
Daniel was silent for a few moments, while he scanned the papers inside one of the folders. "I'm not sure. This sounds kind of silly, but I saw it in a dream." He momentarily lowered the folder and gazed at the floor. "I saw you in a dream, driving here. It was kind of weird."
"You did? That's wonderful! That means you're a little bit psychic, like me!"
One of those 'what are you, crazy?' looks briefly flashed across handsome Dan's face, but it was gone as quickly as it had appeared, and he shrugged his broad shoulders briefly before returning to the task at hand.
This was very promising, indeed. Not only had Daniel been dreaming about me, and what girl wouldn't love that, but some otherworldly force was, just maybe, bringing us together, if only to solve Ted's murder, and clear my name from the police blotter. Was it the fallen angel and possibly new BFF, Veronica, or someone (or something) else? Perhaps it was Ted, given his apparent text message communications from The Other Side, disguised as S. Admirer. Regardless, it all felt very, very right. At that moment, I felt extremely content to be sitting on the cold concrete floor next to Daniel, thoroughly immersed in my new calling as a private detective. I hoped there would be many more times like it in the near future.
After only five minutes of searching, I hit the jackpot. By then I was standing up beside the shelving unit where I had opened another box of files. I held the file folder up proudly so that Daniel could see what Id found, all by myself. He came over and took a good long look: it was a legal document with three signatures on it: Teds, Jacques and Pierres. It stated that both Frenchmen were new partners in Teds mining venture, and that if Ted were to become deceased, all ownership and a large portion of the profits would be transferred to the duo, who'd sworn to donate 50% to charity. This was the smoking gun Daniel was looking for.
Just as I was wondering out loud, "Why would Ted do such a foolish thing as co-sign the equivalent of a life insurance policy with two of his employees?" Dan suddenly grabbed me by the shoulders.
"That's it! Now we've got motive! Lets go find them, Ariana!
Just then I dropped the folder and the papers scattered all over the floor. Dan's eyes were shining brightly with excitement, a look I'd never seen before, and I liked it very much. He reminded me of a boy who'd just opened a Christmas present and found it was the Red Flyer bicycle he'd been begging for all year. In his excitement, he embraced me, and my body melted against his.
I couldnt have done this without you!
This time, it was my turn to fall silent and just enjoy being held, at 4:30 in the morning, in his fabulously muscular arms, against his fabulously muscular chest. He also smelled really, really good: Paco Rabanne, if I was not mistaken. I was starting to swoon from all of the sensorial excitement, coupled with the fact I'd just found a valuable piece of evidence. When I felt my body go a little limp, Daniel held me up, holding me even closer.
"You okay?"
I straightened my body and forced my legs to stand up properly. "I'm fine, just a little lightheaded is all. I need some fresh air."
He held me out in front of him and watched me closely for a moment.
"You should go home and get some sleep. I'll take over from here."
I was suddenly feeling so tired and giddy that all I could do was nod in agreement.
After locking up and exiting the storage facility together, the priceless file folder left in Dan's large, capable hands, the fresh, cold air suddenly revived me and brought me to my senses. And I suddenly was famished.
"Why don't we grab some breakfast first?"
And you know men; they'll eat food any time of the day or night, so Daniel agreed. I suggested McDonalds (don't laugh; they have very good coffee) for a post-private-investigating-adventure sausage-and-egg breakfast. We agreed to meet at one just blocks from the storage facility.
"Don't you have to report to work soon?" it occurred to me to ask him.
"Yeah, but no worries. I'm used to pulling all-nighters. Used to do it all the time when I was a uni."
Yes, of course, Daniel used to be a uniform officer. Just picturing him in said uniform was nearly enough to weaken my knees again, but I took a deep breath of cool, morning air and held my ground. 
"I'll see you there." Daniel waved briefly at me before getting inside his car, which I was kind of surprised to see was a grey Honda Fit and not a red convertible of some kind. But he still looked totally hot sitting inside of it.
My stomach was starting to grumble, so, looking forward to eating a hot breakfast with a hot constable, I got into my own vehicle and started the engine.
While driving, perhaps due to my sleep-deprived state of mind, I was struck with a brilliant idea that would allow us to gather more crucial evidence against Jacques. It had to do with his new business venture in the world of Japanese love-bots, and I couldnt wait to tell Dan about it over breakfast.
When I arrived, he had already ordered our meals and was searching for a plastic molded table to sit at. While we were both pouring creamers into our cups of coffee, I launched into it.
I know how we can catch Jacques and get a confession from him!
Daniel stuffed a forkful of scrambled eggs, having decided against the sausage McBreakfast this morning, into his mouth. Lay it on me, he mumbled while chewing.
I told you that hes planning to start a new business with the money he stole from Ted.
Dan just looked at me. Kind of reminded me a bit of a sexy cow chewing grass.
No? Well, he is. Thats why I saw him at the Tokyo Robot Expo. He was having custom-made robots manufactured as love-bots for the North American market!
Dan, still chewing, raised one eyebrow and looked at me.
How do you know for sure?
I considered mentioning my psychic dream, but for the time being decided to hold off. Despite having had his own psychic moment, I wanted to come across as totally legit.Just trust me, I know this guy. This is right up his alley. And as we know, hes extremely greedy and will stop at nothing to get his hands on more money.
He shrugged then, wisely realizing that instead of countering my brilliant conclusion, he should just do the smart thing and go along with it.
Okay, Ill take your word for it. So whats your plan?"
Better to use honey than vinegar. At least, I think thats the saying. Im not going to extract a confession so much as coax one out of him.
And how do you plan to do that?
Im going to pose as one of his love-bots and pretend to seduce him just long enough to get a confession.
Daniel stopped eating. He sat back a little and looked at me like I was a bit daft. As previously mentioned, Im used to that look; I get it from Emma all the time.
Trust me. I know this guy; hell fall for it. You just have to wire me up for sound or something like that. Youll get it all on tape, which you can use in court.
I think youve been watching too much American TV.
Despite his comment, I could see that Daniel was considering my proposal.
I dont know, Ariana. I think its too dangerous for you. It would be better if one of our undercover officers did this.
But I was made for this! I know exactly how to appeal to his weaknesses, and I can pull this off. He loves Oriental girls. Are any of your female detectives Oriental? Or as enticing as me?
I regarded him playfully, waiting for his answer. All he did was regard me with his usual poker face.
I rest my case. You have to let me. Please?
Dan drank down the last of his coffee. Let me think about it. Ill have to discuss it with my supervisor. We dont normally let civilians do this kind of thing.
Well then, why don't you make me a special agent, I proffered.
Youre thinking of the FBI, he replied.
Oh, I guess youre right.
Stuffing the last of his scrambled eggs into his mouth, he checked his wristwatch. I have to go to work.
In my excitement, Id forgotten the time. He hastily wiped his mouth with a napkin and stood up, pushing a coffee lid onto his takeaway cup. I'll be in touch, Ari.
As he left the restaurant, I realized he'd called me Ari instead of Ariana. That meant I could call him Dan instead of Daniel, which meant we'd moved another notch past our detective-suspect relationship and closer towards a real friendship, and, perhaps, more. I happily finished eating my sausage McMuffin and drank down the last of my coffee.

As I started my car, I thought to myself that this was a very good start to the new private investigation agency I was planning to hatch as soon as this case was sol-ved, as a famous French movie detective played by Peter Sellers used to say.
Before setting up my Oriental love-bot sting, in order to be taken seriously as a budding private investigator whom Daniel would respect, I thought it best to be thorough and finish ruling out the rest of my suspects. The next name on my list was Teds not-so-secret girlfriend, Katy.
Having found her not-so-secret phone number in Teds phone directory, I called her on my iPhone. It didnt take long for this complete stranger to launch into a one-sided screaming match. Given the recent chain of events, I certainly sympathized with her histrionic state. The conversation went something like this:
-- I found a pink silk thong in his briefcase, and I dont wear a size small!!
Katy was screaming so loudly into my ear I had to hold my iPhone a few inches away from it.
And I dont buy my lingerie at Goodmans, I buy it at Walmart!!
As I sat alone in my sedan, I paused, wondering why any sane woman would admit to such a thing. Or maybe she was just having me on, trying to throw me off.
Well, I can assure you, they werent mine, I replied calmly. I was starting to feel a bit guilty, wondering just how many girlfriends Ted really had. But if they were my panties, if you knew what I looked like, youd understand.
I said this in all sincerity, but I could tell she didnt much appreciate it. However, instead of screaming some more into my ear, she burst into tears. I had to admit, this caught me off guard. It was then that I realized Katy had the perfect motive for killing Ted, so I pressed her.
So, you suspected Ted was seeing other women? I asked in my best detective voice.
Yes! Sluts like you!
I closed my eyes and tried to remain patient.
As I explained, Katy, I was not sleeping with Ted. I was his secretary; nothing more. But if he was sleeping with other women and not just you, Id like to know.
Why? Does it turn you on? Does it turn you on to call up Teds girlfriends and make fun of them?
This woman was starting to go off the deep end. I felt sympathy for her, I really did. But it still meant she had motive for seeing to it that Ted met a demise of some sort. I came right out and said it.
Did you kill Ted?
There was a long silence. Then I heard sobbing, then screeching, incoherent screeching, and she wouldnt stop. So I quietly said goodbye and rang off. I texted Daniel, believing this to be more up his alley than mine. Truth be told, I wasnt in the mood to deal with an overly emotional, now-unintelligible, potential murderess.

Dan,
Be sure to check out one Katy Smith, Teds secret girlfriend. Just had an interesting convo with her - shes a must-see. Bit of a nutter.
Hope this helps,
Ari XO

As I drove home, my thoughts turned back to Japan, its robots and the elusive Jacques. I had to admit, a venture such as the manufacturing of love-bots for the North American market was, indeed, a brilliant business idea. During my time spent in Japan, after attending the Robot Expo, the thought had even crossed my mind once. Okay, twice. Such ventures required a large infusion of cash, which would provide an ample motive for the hairy duo to have dispatched with the one person standing in their way of obtaining that cash; namely Ted. Despite my admiration of their business sense, in this case, because it involved two men who very well may have been responsible for Ted's untimely end, I couldn't support this particular business venture. In fact, I was determined to be responsible for its demise.
I began by texting my Secret Admirer/probably Ted, since he seemed to know so much about things he really shouldnt know about.

Dear S. Admirer,
I need a little help. Do U know the whereabouts of Jacques, the very same Jacques Ive been chasing halfway around the globe for the past couple of weeks?
Cheers,
Ari XO

Then all I could do was wait for a reply. While I was waiting, I rang up Molly and we managed to fit in a salon visit to Seafoam Spa, where I had my highlights touched up, plus a mani/pedi with Fire Engine Red polish. Then we had brunch at LadyBugs. She updated me on the state of her chronically shoplifting mother, who most recently had nicked a pair of Keds sneakers and a floppy sunhat from a sale bin at Walmart, which required $500 bail this time. Molly complained she was still desperate to find work, seeing as she was paying off her mothers bail charges. I quipped (which I so often do) that perhaps she should consider not paying them anymore and just letting her mother stew in the stir for a while. I thought that perhaps this would knock some sense into her head.
As Molly pondered my suggestion, and while we continued sipping our Mohitos, I decided it was as good a time as any to ask the question Id been putting off asking ever since Id returned to Van.
MollyI should let you know that, um, Constable Daniel was asking me questionsabout you.
Molly finished her sip before looking up at me with those innocent, green doe-eyes of hers. She fluttered her naturally long eyelashes a couple of times, melting my heart and making me feel like shit for saying what I was about to say.
Questions? About me? Like what?
I took a deep breath and put my hand on hers, admiring the good job our manicurist had just done on our fingernails.
Hes been asking me if youve said anythingincriminating
Her wide eyes widened even more.
if youre involved somehowin Teds murderbecause you were the company bookkeeper, and you were dating Pierre
Then it occurred to me I hadnt yet mentioned to her my suspicion that he was probably the body parts the Egyptian police had found washed up on the shores of the Nile. I decided it could wait.
As Id feared, she pulled back, taking her freshly manicured hand from under mine. I felt terrible and couldnt look her in the eye for having said what I just said, although it was the truth.
You think I murdered Ted? she gasped. The bartender glanced over at us, then went back to toweling his wine goblets.
No, no I dont. Its just
I didnt know what else to say. Id already said enough.
I thought we were friends, Ari! I thought you trusted me!
I finally looked up at Molly, to see an expression on her face I hadnt seen before, ever.
I do trust you! Youre my best gal pal, Molly dearest! I didnt say those things, Daniel did!
Hearing those words come out of my mouth made me feel guiltier still. I felt like backpedaling at that point, but couldnt.
Molly pushed her chair back and stood up, leaving her mohito only half finished.
Dont blame it on him! Hes just doing his job. You think Im involved in this! How could you?
And with that, she tossed some cash onto the table, pivoted on one of her pink Manolo Blahnik stiletto heels and left the premises. I began to rue my unflinching honesty, a quality I believed to be important for a private investigator to have. I was realizing that unflinching honesty was best saved for strangers and not for friends.
After paying for our meals and drinks, I walked outside of the Ladybug Bistro and didnt see Molly anywhere, nor was I expecting to. OK, maybe just a tiny bit; it would have been nice if she had waited next to the bus stop outside, hoping to apologize for having blown up at me like that, but I realized that any apologizing would probably have to be done my none other than me. Well, that is, if Molly really was innocent. My gut was telling me that she was, but I was a PI in training and had to go with the facts, as harsh as they might have been.
Seeing as the evening was clear and mild, I decided to walk home when my iPhone door-chimed me. It was a text response to my earlier question to S.A.

Dearest Ari,
Re: Jacques whereabouts.
Sorry for the delay. Had some errands to do. As a matter of fact, I do know where he is. Hes right in UR hometown of Van. Heres his address: Penthouse Suite, 1195 Troubadour Road.
Do with this information what U will. I know U will.
Love and kisses,
S. Admirer



Chapter 14 - In Xanadu Did Kubla Khan?
Now that I knew where he was living, I hatched a plan. It involved first finding 1195 Troubadour Road, and as luck would have it (for those who believe in such things), it was right along my route home.
I had to admit, his building was impressive. Not surprisingly, given his belief that bigger is better, it was the tallest high rise in the city; The Xanadu. And he lived up on the very top of it. Already knowing the answer to my question, I wondered exactly where hed obtained the funds to purchase such a grand abode.
I parked my trusty sedan across the street and lay in wait for him to arrive. About 30 minutes later, during which time I occupied myself by reading the latest P.D. James detective e-novel on my iPhone (just to stay thematically correct with my reading habits), at 10 pm he drove right past me in his black SUV. I distinguished it from the myriad other black SUVs that passed, by his vanity plates: SUM LUVR. There he went, bragging again. It was almost enough to make me a tiny bit curious, but I wisely decided to limit my curiosity to that of a purely investigative nature.
Now I knew for a fact that Jacques did, indeed, live at this address, and that he was, indeed, in town. I decided to cool my heels for a few days and just observe him in order to determine exactly what he was up to. True to his nature, he sent me a text invitation to Come over and see me sometime, as per the note he'd left tucked into the waistband of my fabulous I Dream of Jeanie outfit, after having rudely abducted me in Egypt.
Over the ensuing three days I tailed him, keeping a respectful distance at all times. I followed him to the grocery store; I followed him to the gym; I followed him to an expensive restaurant called Alejandros and spied on him with my high-powered German binoculars. Once inside, he strode up to a table by the front window, just perfect for being secretly spied upon, and shook the hands of two Oriental men wearing alligator-emblemed polo shirts. Not being much of a lip reader, I thought to myself I should sign up for a lip reading class because surely that skill would come in very handy for a PI. I couldnt tell what ethnicity the Oriental men were, but judging from their robotic body language I guessed they were Japanese. After half an hour, Jacques suddenly pushed back his chair and stood up, as did the two Oriental men. It was a very short lunch, indeed, but I was glad because it was very boring and I was getting very hungry watching other people eat, even if it was only tiny, over-priced appetizers. They all shook hands again, exchanged business cards, and Jacques abruptly departed, tucking the cards inside his lapel pocket.
When he emerged from the restaurant, gesturing to the valet to fetch his auto, I ducked down in my seat and continued to observe, like any good private eye would. 
After he climbed inside his SUV, I again gave chase, slowly, careful to stay at least two cars back, which is tricky and takes some skill in city traffic, but I managed. It was more than obvious that I was fully capable of being a private investigator, and this was giving me extra practice. I made a mental note to ask Const. Dan for some high-speed driving lessons, in case I had to engage in any faster tails in the future, say, like chasing after a fleeing suspect headed for the Peace Arch border crossing with a dead body in his or her trunk, or trying to surveil someone who happened to drive an Italian sports car which, from what I have seen on YouTube, would never be driven within the speed limit.
After wending our way through the downtown core of Van, Jacques SUV pulled up to the parkade gate at the side of The Xanadu, then slipped under the gate and inside, descending into the cement bowels of the enormous building.
I parked my car across the street, as a meter serendipitously opened up just as I arrived, and pondered my next move. It occurred that I could go to the callboard and look for his name, so thats what I did. Again, his suite number was easy to find, seeing as it was listed as Mr. Lover. Mr. Lover did, indeed, reside in the Penthouse, as S. Admirer/Possibly Ted had correctly informed me.
Rather than doing, possibly, an all-night stakeout, I decided to go home and wait until the next day, hopeful that Jacques' penthouse apartment would then be empty for at least a couple of hours. 
The next morning I parked in the same spot across the street and waited for half an hour, just like I had the previous day outside Alejandros. I was realizing that in my Private Investigation for Dummies manual they'd skipped the part about how boring it was staking suspects out, not to mention following them around for countless hours, but I supposed it was just one of those not-so-sexy aspects of being a private investigator, paying your dues as they say, so I stuck it out. Yes, I stuck out the stake out because I knew it would all pay off in the end.
At exactly 9:30 a.m., I spotted his black SUV departing from the Xanadu's underground parkade. It was time to put my plan into action. When his vehicle had disappeared around the corner, I emerged from my car and tottered across the street to the front entrance of the building. I say tottered because I was dressed in a disguise of sorts, which I had picked up at Goodmans just that morning (they open their doors at 8 a.m. for early-morning glam shoppers such as myself), consisting of a gorgeous grey designer trench-coat knocked-off straight from the Paris runway, a pair of killer black stilettos with a 4 heel, Ray Ban sunglasses, a floppy, dark grey sun hat and a white-blonde, chin-length bob wig. I looked like a classy, Oriental hooker/spy. You just knew I wasnt wearing anything underneath the trench, although I really was, but rest assured, it was suitably skimpy.
I told the security guard at the front desk I was Jacques new personal assistant, Monica Chan. Even I was a little surprised when he simply nodded and allowed me into the building. It made me wonder whether Jacques had so many young female personal assistants that the security guards didnt even bother checking anymore. Nonetheless, it was the perfect cover and got me into the 30-storey luxury high-rise.
When are you expecting Mr. Jacques to return? I queried the rather bored-looking, middle-aged, plump guard, whose eyes, I noticed, had perked up a bit upon my arrival.
He squinted over at a large round clock on the wall nearby.
In about 30 minutes, maam.
I dont like it when people call me maam, for obvious reasons. I never have and probably never will feel like a maam.
Merci, I responded, for no particular reason in French. Oh, and exactly where is Mr. Jacques returning from, again? I forgot my itinerary at home.
Tuesdays hes at Urban Homme Spa, the guard replied, obviously never having studied French, as he pronounced Homme hom. I let it go, as I just wanted to get upstairs as quickly as possible before lhomme returned from le spa.
I shall head up to his apartment and wait for him there. And please dont tell him; its his birthday and I want to surprise him.
I raised one eyebrow just then and smirked, causing the guard to clear his throat rather nervously. Then he started walking over to the elevator, so I followed him. When the elevator doors opened, he stepped inside just long enough to swipe a security card on the button panel, then stepped back out, motioning for me to enter, which I did. The doors closed with a quiet whoosh, and I was alone.
The elevator smoothly shot heavenward. Seeing as all of the walls were lined with mirrors, I took the opportunity to check my look. Everything was perfect. No one would have recognized me, but they certainly would have been intrigued.
When I glanced over at the numbers lighting up above the elevator doors, I was surprised to realize we were already passing by the 27th floor and still hadnt reached Jacques apartment. Just how was a geologist able to afford a penthouse suite in one of Vans most expensive neighbourhoods? I wondered. As they say, the bad sleep well, and in very luxurious surroundings, it turns out. The elevator came to a smooth stop, and the doors opened to reveal a shiny, black marble floor and lots of mirrors on the walls. This just proved that Jacques was as into seeing his own reflection as Emma claims I am, though she is mistaken. I have little if anything in common with Jacques. However, theres nothing wrong with being proud of ones appearance, though Emma wouldnt know anything about that.
I stepped out of the elevator and directly into the front entrance, also called a foyer, of the penthouse suite. I had to admit, Jacques pad was just as impressive as hed once or three times insisted it was, full of expensive-looking art and high-end electronics equipment. He even had one of those gravity boot devices Richard Gere used in American Gigolo. But why would anyone own a piece of fitness equipment from the 80s? I thought Jacques might be more out of touch than he cared to admit.
The penthouse overlooked English Bay, and the view was not too shabby. The marina was below, one could see the entrance to Stanley Park, and our stunning blue mountains upon which The Lions sat, capped with snow, were in the near distance, surrounding it all.
Keeping my pair of designer leather gloves on so as not to leave any incriminating finger prints, and using a pair of high-powered German binoculars I found sitting on a bookshelf, next to his copy of Machiavellis The Prince, I could make out the writing on a rusty looking barge sitting in the bay. It read Lady of Morocco, an exotic name despite its disgusting condition. If it really was from Morocco, it had traveled quite a long way carrying salt or camels or whatever it is Morocco exports. Rugs? Spice? All of the above? Wasnt sure.
Seeing as I was there to snoop on a professional basis, thats exactly what I proceeded to do. Checking my Gucci watch, I saw that I had 22 minutes remaining to do my snooping before Jacques returned from his spa treatment.
I rifled through all of the clothing in Jacques walk-in closets, noting the numerous silk suits and at least 50 silk ties, this despite the fact that every time I saw photographs of geologists in the field they were not wearing silk suits but khaki shorts, shirts, sun hats and sunglasses, which, in fact, was the only kind of clothing Id ever seen him wear. Perhaps he wore the suits while attending swanky Geologist Association soires and, of course, on hot dates with hot ladies.
I then checked all of his dresser drawers in which I didnt find one single box of condoms. I speculated that a man who was the recipient of a Lover of the Year award also might want to plant his seed as many times as possible, in as many women as possible, hence the lack of male birth control. I did, however, find a rather interesting pair of womens panties; the black, lacy, thonged kind. Being rather large (XXL, in fact), it was quite possible that they were his. Not so uncommon, I assure you. Either that or he was into big, bouncy women as well as tiny, yoga-toned ones, like me.
As I was inspecting the lacy panties and wondering to whom they belonged, the electronic version of Beethovens Fifth rang out from a nearby room. I followed the musical tones into the dining room, which had wrap-around, floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking English Bay. I found a mobile sitting atop the shiny dining room table. Assuming that Jacques had forgotten it, I picked it up and looked at the screen. It read:

Thanks for the invite. Pencil me and my buddy Stinky in. We cant wait!
Best regards,
Brent
P.S. Will there be free booze?

I will never understand man nicknames. Why would someone want to be called Stinky? Perhaps its a badge of honour for men, being considered very odorous in a bad sort of way. Ill never figure that out. If you want your son to be a virgin for life, name him Stinky, I say. Then again, we girls are a very forgiving and sympathetic lot. Someone out there would take pity on poor Stinky and sleep with him anyway, probably even marry him, and become Mrs. Stinky. And then they would go and have a bunch of mini-Stinkies. Sometimes we girls need our heads examined, don't you think?
I scrolled further down the e-mail and read Jacques original message:

GIRLBOTS! GIRLBOTS! GIRLBOTS!
We have every creed and color you desire! Every body type! We got em chubby! We got em thin! We even got them buff and toned! Custom/ethnic orders are welcome, at extra charge. Come and meet Inga, the Swedish nurse/masseuse. Come and meet Sophia, the Italian mobsters mistress (but dont worry, she wont kiss and tell!). Come and meet Jade, the Chinese dragon lady. We have every kind of girl-bot you can imagine! Mix and mingle with our exotic demonstration models and enjoy complimentary wine and cheese. 1195 Troubadour Road, June 16 at 8 p.m. Push Lover Man on the callboard and zoom in luxury in our mirrored elevator up to the Penthouse suite. You wont be disappointed! RSVP now!

I immediately called Daniel and told him about Jacques mass e-mail, and more details about my brilliant plan, which I had cooked up within one minute of having read it.
Ill be Suki Yakisoba, ex-Bond girl-bot and geisha stripper extraordinaire! With the full knowledge and participation of you and your undercover crew, of course, and wired for sound for that confession Im going to get.
I was very excited at the fabulous new plan Id just hatched. I was loving every minute of being a real-life private detective!
Dan didnt say anything for a while, just made chewing sounds because he was in the middle of eating dinner. Again it reminded me of a cow standing in a field, for some reason, albeit again I was picturing a very sexy cow. As for the name I chose, I thought I should be ethnically correct, rather than pretending to be Chinese just because everyone always assumed I was. Besides, there was already going to be a Chinese Dragon Lady-bot at the party.
This was going to be a dream come true for me. Id been wanting to play a Bond girl ever since I saw hunky Daniel Craig in the last James Bond movie. Now I was getting a chance, albeit not with Daniel Craig, and not in a Hollywood blockbuster. But I did have my own detective Daniel, sort of, and he was a hunk, too. It was close enough. I couldnt wait!



Chapter 15 - Domo Arigato Miss Ari Roboto
Wherein our heroine imitates a Japanese love-robot and attempts to fake-seduce a French geologist named Jacques.
It took some convincing, about 10 minutes of careful explaining over my iPhone, but I eventually wore Daniel down, Ari-style. And then he eventually talked his boss into it, which I imagine took even more careful explaining and wearing-down. The plan was set and we were ready to go!
I showed up at a pre-arranged spot about four blocks from the Xanadu luxury apartment building, at 7 p.m. sharp, and hopped into the unmarked, white, police surveillance van parked there. I was wearing a silvery pink, bobbed wig and a silver trench-coat, which I removed to show Dan and his partner, Petra (who, it turned out, was not just a cop but also some kind of electronics surveillance expert) the goods underneath: a silver, spandex, short-shorts one-piece and white go-go boots. I couldnt find any silver ones at Goodmans, but the white ones looked fabulous so it didnt matter. And, of course, I was wearing a set of my extra-long, Chinese-made eyelashes and Cleopatra Unplugged makeup palette, applied extra heavy. One can never overdo it when one is playing a love robot. Id found a very cute tiara-type thing to put in my wig, as Daniel had said they needed to hide a teeny video cam somewhere on my person to record everything, kind of like a dashboard cam the police use in their cruisers. In my case, I called it a wig-cam. And yes, I would be cruising; cruising for a confession, that is! 
Petra clipped the teeny video cam, which was the size of a tiny black button, to the front of my tiara. Since my bodysuit was far too tight to conceal high-tech surveillance bugs, Petra hooked me up with an audio wire clipped to the necklace I was wearing. It was so tiny it looked like a cute, bug-shaped pendant. If anyone asked, I was going to claim Id bought it in Cairo; a scarab beetle, if they had to know. You know, the bugs that push camel dung over hill and dale, or, in the case of Egypt, over sand dune and pyramid.
I was set, ready to roll and gather the evidence we needed to put Teds killer away once and for all, and maybe return some of the investors money hed stolen.
Daniel was focused on the work at hand but I could tell he was a tad worried; he had a cute little wavy crease in his forehead which I took to be concern, although it's possible he was just concentrating really hard that day. After making sure the coast was clear, I hopped back out of the van, tied up the belt on my trench coat and headed for the front door of Jacques overly tall building.
A disembodied voice came to me then:
Check, check. Ari, can you read me?
Daniels sexy voice was emerging from the futuristic-looking earpiece Petra had rigged up for me, which I was going to pass off as a designer Bluetooth device, if anyone asked. It also had a teeny, tiny, flat mic, which was concealed inside one of my water-bra cups.
Im hearing you loud and clear, I responded, suddenly having to fight off the urge to run in the opposite direction down the street and never come back. Where that brief moment of self-doubt came from I still don't know, but it passed quickly enough. I reminded myself that I was doing exactly what I'd long wanted to do, which was be a larger-than-life character in my very own murder mystery, and that did the trick. And besides, hunky, muscular Constable Daniel would be watching my every move, and he even had the formidable Petra as backup, so I had nothing to worry about.
"Good. Ill be right here if you need anything. Listening to everything.
Got it. Wish me luck.
I was finally embarking on my new career as a love-bot-spy/private investigator! I strode confidently up to the front door of the high-rise and rang Lover Man on the callboard.
Yeeesss? It was the voice of an overly self-important Frenchman.
Ai am-u he-ah fa za de-mo-nu-su-tu-re-i-shun pa-ru-te-i, I said in my best robotic, fake Japanese accent.
There was a long silence, then, Whaa??
It seemed he didnt understand me. I wouldnt have, either, so I toned it down a little.
Ai yamu Suki Yakisoba.
Sukiyaki? No, no, I didnt order takeout. Youve got ze wrong apartement.
I am de-mo ro-bo-to. Ba-re sexy.
I was starting to panic just a little bit. Would he buy it?
Ooooh, right, of course! Well, in zat case, what are you doing outside? Get up here right away, weve got guests already and youre just zair type!
And with that, the door buzzer sounded. It was time to get to work!
There was a different guard on duty that day. He took one look at me and, without saying a word, simply nodded and gave me elevator access to the Penthouse suite.
As I waited in the elevator, I said, to no one in particular, Are you still there?
I waited for a reply on my earpiece but heard nothing. Then I remembered I was inside a cement building and there would be no reception. The elevator slowed.
I watched the reflective, copper doors slide open, revealing Jacques' Penthouse foyer. To my relief, I then heard Daniel's voice, Im right with you, Ari. Good luck.
It was time for Suki Yakisoba to unleash her magic.
As I carefully minced my way through the front foyer in my fabulous white go-go boots, I was immediately noticed by a rotund man with pasty skin, in an ill-fitting suit. Clutching a glass of wine, he looked like a kid in a candy store, not sure where to look next. A very tall, leggy woman in a very short French maids uniform strode past the doorway, and his gaze shifted away to somewhere in the region of her ass, and he followed her. I took the opportunity to straighten my tiara, which was starting to slip slightly. I couldnt lose that, that was for sure.
Take a good look around the room so we can see who's there.
I complied, doing a complete, slow head-pan. As I did so, the thought occurred to me that I should find out what that movie I Am a Camera is about, as I could probably now identify with it to some degree. 
Not surprisingly, most of the men present oozed money. As the love-bots, six from what I could see, seven including me, stroked their egos and poured wine into their glasses, I distinctly smelled cash and heavily applied, pricey aftershave. Our job was to crawl all over them even if they smelled like yesterdays garbage. Which, incidentally, one of them did; the one standing by Jacques grand piano looking conspicuously like hed just walked in off the street and hadnt changed his clothing in quite some time. I made sure not to make eye contact with that one.
Jacques was standing in one corner talking in low tones to a short, young-ish Oriental man, and pointed at one of the love-bots who was dressed in a safari outfit complete with khaki hot pants, a low-cut tank top and a pair of binocs dangling around her neck, which repeatedly bounced off her ample bosom every time she giggled at the jokes being told by an impeccably dressed businessman standing at her side. Then it seemed that Jacques was pointing at someone standing right next to me, until I turned to look over my shoulder and realized there wasnt anyone standing right next to me so he must have been pointing at, well, me. I immediately took on a stiffer posture and blank look, and smiled blandly back at them. One of Jacques eyebrows shot up, as did the corner of his mouth, and he started walking towards me.
Are you Suki? Sukiyaki...something?
Ye-su. Soba. Puh-reezed to meet you! I chirped. I thought at that moment I should bow, just to appear authentic, so I did. This served the additional function of allowing Jacques to look down the front of my top. When I straightened up again, that same eyebrow of his was pushing ever upwards, as was one corner of his mouth.
The Oriental man hed just been talking to approached him then.
Who is she? he asked, gesturing in my general direction. He didnt have a discernable accent, I noted. Perhaps he was another one of those sansei males Id sworn myself off of. Just in case he was, I decided to completely ignore him for the rest of the evening.
Ze Japanese model. Sukiyaki Soba.
No, puh-reeze, Suki Yakisoba, I corrected him.
The Oriental man gave me a suspicious look. It occurred to me then that he might be wondering why he hadnt seen me before, assuming he had a working knowledge of all the love-bots assigned to that evenings festivities. I had to think fast.
I yam test mod-e-ru, de-ri-vered from Japan special for zi-su occasion. I am surprise, for Jack-san.
I bowed deeply again. When I straightened up, this time, Jacques was smiling. I sidled up to him then, pushing the Oriental guy out of the way.
Tonight I do special demo just for you, I purred at Jacques.
He, and I, completely ignored the Oriental man for the rest of the night, and Jacques focused nearly all of his attention on me. My plan was working beautifully.
That night, after all the investors and purchasers had departed, and after several business partnerships had been formed and sales had been struck, Jacques and I were finally alone. As I sat on his leather couch I straightened the tiara again to make sure Daniel and company were catching it all on tape. Luckily, Jacques had had his decorator place several large mirrors around the room, so this made capturing the appropriate images easier. Maybe he and I weren't so different, after all.
When Jacques came to the couch with two goblets of wine and sat down next to me, I said, Manufacturer programmed me to have sex with owner of company. You must be my first lover. I am virgin robot. Still factory sealed.
I covered my mouth with one hand and tee-heed.
Jacques looked impressed. You dont say? Then he leaned closer, staring at my face. You know, you look familiar.
Again, I started to panic just a little bit. I decided to recite the party line, in a robotic voice, in a bid to distract him.
I ya-mu Suki Yakisoba, Japaneezu sexy roboto. Manufactured in Miyagawa prefecture by NikkeiTech Corporation.
Jacques just smiled and then planted a kiss on my pouty pink robo-lips, followed soon thereafter by his surprisingly large but agile tongue. Despite the fact I knew Daniel was listening and watching the goings-on intently, I couldnt help but wonder if it correlated with anything else.
If Jacques ever did recognize me that night, he never let on. I suspect he thought all Orientals looked alike, so he didnt notice. This is one advantage I have over non-Oriental undercover PIs; the ability to look like billions of other people, thus avoiding detection.
As I was, to tell the truth, enjoying the glossal gymnastics quite a lot, I heard what sounded like a buzzing in my ear. I realized it was, in fact, not a buzzing but Daniels voice.
Hey-hey-hey, whats going on? How come all I see is his forehead? Whats he doing?
Of course, I couldnt answer, so I didnt. 
Wheres his confession? Get the confession so we can get this over with! 
Despite the fact I was a tad nervous Jacques might hear his commands coming through my earpiece, I wondered if I was hearing the voice not just of a frustrated detective trying to close his case but that of a jealous potential lover. I was thrilled!
Shortly after that, Jacques mobile chimed, over and over, from its location on a nearby table. As he was starting to peel off my top by then, he ignored it at first, but when it persisted, he reluctantly got up and answered it.
What izzit?! Who? No! I didnt order a pizza!
He hung up the phone and returned to our foreplay. After my top had been completely peeled off, revealing a stunning pink Goodmans lace water bra, and he had started to nibble his way across my stomach, the phone rang, again. Repeatedly. He shut the ringer off this time, and I had to admit, I was glad. But yes, I was still thinking of Daniel, sitting all by himself in the van (not counting Petra) watching what must have been extremely aggravating, close-up video feed of a not-bad-looking Frenchman seducing me, and quite successfully, so far. 
One go-go boot had come off when we both heard a loud thumping nearby. Turning to look, I could see a window-washer dangling precariously outside Jacques apartment. Although he had glued on an enormous moustache and now resembled one of those barbershop quartet guys, and was wearing a red baseball cap and matching coveralls, I could clearly see it was Daniel. He was risking life and limb to interrupt our folie a deux before it got out of hand! He was clearly glaring at Jacques, who failed to notice, as he was now too busy unzipping my spandex miniskirt. I stole a glance at the window. Daniel was looking at me with his hands turned palm up in that universal signal, Wha the fa??
All I could do was shrug. Daniel grabbed for his voice-link mic.
Wheres that confession were waiting for?
Again, I could only shrug. To reassure him I gave the thumbs up sign and then pointed at Jacques, who for some reason abruptly sat up right at that moment. He caught me pointing at him and gave me a puzzled look, so I started poking him in the chest, as if it was far too sexy not to touch repeatedly.
You are so muscular! I cooed, trying to distract him from Daniels shenanigans on the other side of the window.
Jacques glanced over at the window, clearly annoyed. I looked over; Daniel was studiously cleaning a guano stain from one of the panels with a rag that looked suspiciously like my cardigan, the one, I realized just then, that Id left in the white surveillance van. And which Id just laundered the previous night. I did my best to glare at Daniel but I dont think he noticed.
Thees is getting ree-dic-oo-lus, Jacques commented. Lets take this into my bedroom, my little sashimi. 
As suggested, we retired then to his rather impressive bedroom. The ceiling must have been at least 12 feet high and, as predicted, was mirrored. The bed was water. The sheets were silk/satin, or at least a pretty good imitation. Could it be that I was about to pretend to make whoopee with a man at least as vain as Emma says I am? Coupled with Daniels undercover surveillance going on just outside the window, everything was making my head spin.
While we were rolling around on his bed of water, one of which I hadnt encountered since the early 80s, I noticed a trophy sitting on his bedside table. Managing somehow to roll our two bodies a wee bit closer to the table, I realized the trophy was engraved with the words:

2010 French Lover of the Year

So he hadnt been lying after all! I couldnt believe it. I will, however, add that it looked suspiciously like one of those trophies you can order out of the TV Guide, from a P.O. Box address in Guelph, Ontario.
While in the heat of heaving-bosomed passion, most of it fake (but I have to admit, not all of it was), I also managed to pry a few other interesting things out of Jacques, which I shall list here:
1) He is not really French, but of Scottish and Greek extraction;
2) Was born and raised in Newark, New Jersey;
3) Does not really speak with a European accent, but learned to imitate one by watching old Peter Sellers Pink Panther movies. It's his fave fake accent because, as he puts it, Zee ladies love eet;
4) His favourite food is pizza with anchovies; and
5) He is not really a geologist but does have a trade school auto mechanic certificate.
Seeing as he'd revealed that he was really from New Jersey, thereafter, he dropped the French accent. As it was very important to keep him talking, in order to achieve my objective of obtaining a full confession, I told him that I would also drop my own fake accent and that I was switching my programming to a Canadian one because, after all, we were in Canada. To be frank, speaking with a fake Japanese accent was simply exhausting.
While Jacques resumed nibbling on my ear, I gave Daniel, who was now peering through the bedroom floor-to-ceiling window, a big thumbs up, which he returned. But I knew it wasnt enough.
How about those Canucks? was all I could think of to stall Jacques primal longings, in the hopes of diverting him just enough to extract a confession so we could all go home. All he gave was a muffled noise of some kind, so I repeated my question, louder. He paused and pulled back slightly.
What da hell you talkin about? Whatre Canucks?
You know, the Vancouver Canucks. Our NHL team. The one Steve Nashs brother-in-law plays on.
His expression indicated he still didnt have a clue what I was talking about.
Youre not from around here, are you? I quipped.
No, Im not. I already told you dat. You talk too much for a robot. Shut up.
And with that, he plunged back into my neckline, moving towards my partially unzipped water bra cleavage below. I had to think fast again and figure out a way to extract a confession.
Uh, whats the rush. My favourite foreplay is talk, so lets do some more of that first.
He pulled back again and gave me a look verging on one of his famous now-fake European glares.
Look, Sukiyaki, Ive got it going on here, he chided, indicating his pelvic region, So lets just cut the chit chat and get it on. Youre a robot so you have to do what I tell you. Lie back and shut up already!
So the real Jacques was being revealed. Not so soft, fuzzy and genteel, but a bit of an asshole. I glanced over at the window; Daniel was peering inside, shielding the glass with both hands, trying to see what was happening.
Then I heard his voice in my earpiece.
Thats it, Im sending my men in.
I shook my head insistently.
This is getting too dangerous for you. Were dealing with a man capable of murder.
I put my hand up in the universal stop signal to Daniel and grabbed the hair at the back of Jacques head, which was tacky from too much gel, pulling his face away from my Goodman-enhanced orbs.
Listen buddy, I may be a robot but dont forget that robots are stronger than humans. I could castrate you faster than you can say bonjour.
At first Jacques simply looked shocked. Then he looked pleased, much to my relief.
I like it when a chick takes charge, he cooed.
If you want to get into my robo panties, youll have to do some talking first. I was programmed to get turned on by the human voice. And I wont disappoint, I assure you.
Jacques pupils enlarged at that moment and I knew I had him.
So tell me more about yourself. What did you do this summer? I queried as nonchalantly as possible. It was the perfect bait, IMHO. 
He thought for while, while playing with the zipper on my silver robo suit.
Lets see, I went to Paris, Egypt, Rome...
He flicked the zipper to emphasize each impressive city, two of which I myself had recently visited.
I fought the urge to lean closer. 
Yes? And what did you do there? Tell me the truth. Im programmed to detect lies, and if you lie to me, you dont get any hot robot love.
He looked at me skeptically, then caved at the thought of missing out, after having put so much effort into it.
Then I got a brilliant idea.
Have you everkilled anyone?
At first he pretended to look shocked. Then he got an idea.
Would it turn you on if I did?
You know we robots have our nasty side. I fluttered my Chinese-made eyelashes at him. Yes, it would. Tell me more, I pleaded.
Much to my relief, Jacques clearly knew nothing about Asimovs four robot rules.
Dont tell no one, but yes. He almost sounded guilty, but then again it might have been his libido talking.
My heart nearly leapt out of my chest. We were so close.
Oooh! Who? Who did you kill? I fondled his abundant chest hair. Tell me all about it. And then, just to encourage him more, I whispered, Its turning me on.
And then he did something I could not have predicted. He burst into tears! I was so taken aback I looked over at Daniel, who was still hanging in the window, and shrugged.
I never told no one about dat! he sobbed.
I reached into one of my lacy Goodman bra cups and produced a tissue, which I handed to him. He blew his nose noisily.
I killed two men! He sobbed louder, sounding disturbingly like a grief-stricken woman.
I pretended to be sympathetic and patted his shoulder. There, there, I murmured.
After listening to him sob for a while, which was starting to get a little old, I pushed his shoulder gently. Who was it?
He snuffled a few times before blowing his nose in the tissue. A biza biz
I nodded, encouraging him. Uh huh. Everythings OK, you can tell Suki.
A biza business partner. Two business partners.
He started blubbering again. Both I and Daniel were on the edge of our respective seats.
Oh, you poor dear. What were their names? I asked gently, on the verge of the elusive big confession wed been seeking all evening. It was a big moment. I held my breath.
He looked up at me. His long, dark eyelashes were wet with tears. I almost felt sorry for him. I was his robo-confessor.
Pierre  his real name was Al  that was one.
I nodded sympathetically, relishing the fact this was all being recorded on official police digital audio equipment.
And what about the other one?
He looked down at his hands, checking out his manicure. His tears were starting to dry up.
Ted. His name was Ted.
His last name?
His eyes narrowed with suspicion.
Why do you want to know?
I had to think fast, in a sexual vein, of course, so as not to arouse suspicion, only other parts.
Last names turn me on. I was programmed that way.
I put one finger in my mouth and winked at him, the best encouragement I could think of. It worked. Tell me, lover boy.
Jacques smiled craftily. I almost had him.
Davison. His name was Ted Davison.
He leaned in closer, hoping to reignite the fires of lust again.
YOU KILLED TED DAVISON? I repeated, louder.
Yes! Now lets get it on, Sukiyaki. Ive always wanted to make love to an Oriental lotus blossom. Even if youre just a robot.
Just a robot? I felt offended for some reason, perhaps because of my own fondness for Asimo, who clearly was not just a robot but so much more.
Jacques (or whatever his name really was) kissed me then and stuck his tongue in my mouth again. It tasted like stale caviar, cigarettes and booze. I pulled away and looked over at Daniel. He was flopping around like a fish, and I wasnt sure if it was out of joy or if he was in trouble. I sat up, alarmed, pushing Jacques, or whatever his real name was, away. The silk sheets were so slippery that he slid right off and onto the floor, which he was none too happy about.
Wadda you doin you crazy bitch?
I also slid easily off the side of the bed and stood up, intending to walk over to the window where Daniel was flailing about; however, Jacques grabbed my arm and wouldnt let go.
Where the hell you think youre going? Get back here and lets finish this thing off, or Ill have you dismantled and sold back to China as scrap metal!
He jerked me backwards with so much force I landed back on his waterbed, the liquid sloshing so violently back and forth I felt like a crew member on The Deadliest Catch. All of his fake, gentlemanly, European foreplay techniques had gone out the proverbial window, and he proceeded to manhandle me roughly, too roughly for my liking. I decided then that Id had quite enough, as had Daniel, whose voice emerged just then from my earpiece.
SWATs on their way  are you okay, Ari? Kick him in the nuts for me! 
Just at that moment, I recalled Veronica's earlier offer to be summoned, if and when I might need her assistance. Then I glanced over at the window and saw Daniel clawing at the glass, as if he was trying to claw his way through it to come and rescue me. My heart leapt at the sight, and I decided to let this situation play itself out without summoning any otherworldly beings; at least for now. I had to complete this test of my private investigator abilities, despite the outcome.
As Jacques groped and tore at what remained of my silver spandex robo-suit, I grabbed for the nearest hard object I could find  his French Lover of the Year award, which was still sitting on the bedside table. I got a firm grip on it and clobbered him over the head. It made such a loud clanging noise that I wondered if Jacques had a metal plate in his head, or, perhaps, a metal head. Just who is the robot here? I wondered. Regardless whether he was human or robot in origin, it did the trick, stunning him long enough so that I could scramble off the bed and away from his evil clutches.
I immediately ran over to the window, jumping for joy in my go-go boots. The confession! The elusive confession! We finally had it, and on tape!
To my relief, Daniel gave me the thumbs up sign again. Then, to my horror, the rope holding him 30 storeys off the ground gave way and he plunged downwards, out of sight! I screamed, something Id never done before in my entire life (honest), and ran the hell out of Jacques luxury apartment, passing six burly SWAT team members, on my way out.
Sukiyaki! Where are you going? was the last I heard of Jacques. Why are you  hey, who the hell are you? Get the hell out of my apartment!
Then I heard a series of muffled, gruff shouts, loud thumping and lastly some groans, probably from Jacques being pinned roughly to the shiny bamboo floor of his apartment and worked over by the six enormous, heavy and angry SWAT team members. Or at least I hoped so.
But my mind was on Daniel. I ran inside the elevator and punched the Main Floor button. 
Dan? Are you alright? Daniel, answer me! I yelled into my concealed mic.
Of course, he couldn't hear me because I was inside the elevator again. It was a long 15-second trip to the ground floor.
When the elevator finally reached the main lobby, I ran outside as fast as my go-go boots would allow, hoping not to see his crumpled body on the ground. To my great relief, I saw no such thing; just the white van with Petra sitting in the drivers seat and a bunch of SWAT team guys and a few uniform police officers milling about. I turned and looked up, waaaay up; 28 storeys, to be exact. It turned out Daniels harness had given way and hed plunged two floors before the safety ropes caught him. He was in the process of being hauled up to the roof by his own specially trained team of police officers, the ones who know the proper way to hang off the sides of buildings. I exhaled with relief. 
Then I heard some crackling in my earpiece and, finally, Daniels voice.
Ari? You still there?
I smiled. Yes! I was worried sick about you!
Everythings fine. Are you okay?
Despite sounding a tad rattled, as I certainly would have if Id just nearly plunged to my death off of Vans tallest skyscraper, I was touched by his continuing concern for my wellbeing. I looked waaaay back up the side of The Xanadu and waved, not sure if he could see me or not.
Of course I am. And we got it all on tape!! We did it!!
Then Daniel uttered one of those expletives you utter when you realize you forgot to pick up milk at the grocery, now that you're almost home.
Dan? You did get it all on tape, didnt you?
For a few moments, silence. Oh, no! I gasped inwardly. What if Id done all that robo-seducing for nothing? If we didnt have Jacques confession on tape, wed be SOL, big time!
I glanced around, looking for Petra, but she was nowhere to be seen.
-Here, take this, would you? It was Daniels voice, but he wasnt talking to me. Huh, what was that, Ari?
He hadnt heard me. Fingers crossed, I said it again.
Did we get it on tape? The confession?
Of course! Pet, give Ariana the thumbs up if you got it on tape. Ari, look at the van.
Momentarily confused, I looked over at the white van now parked in the circular driveway in front of the Xanadu. Constable Petra was seated at the wheel, and she was giving the thumbs-up sign out of the rolled-down drivers window. I sagged with relief.
Oh, thank god! I said.
Right? Good. Stay where you are, Ill be right down. 
It was a commanding, sexy order from the man whod just put his life on the line for me. 
Still feeling a bit lightheaded from all the excitement, I sat down on the edge of the designer dolphin water feature situated at the center of the circular driveway, to catch my breath.
While I waited for Daniel to descend from the Xanadus roof the safe way, via the elevator, just to kill a little time I decided to text Emma. Unbeknownst to Iron Petra, the surveillance expert, Id cleverly concealed my iPhone inside one of my go-go boots, because without it Im nobody.

Hey Em,
I just helped the police catch a fake-French murderer, while pretending to be a Japanese sex robot! And U said Id never amount to anything in life. 
Ari

When I saw him emerge from the front doors of the Xanadu, still resembling a barber shop quartet guy, I was glad to see he was, indeed, still intact. He was pulling off his fake handlebar moustache when he spotted me and headed over. When he got close enough, he then did something I was not expecting: he picked me up and swung me around in his big, strong, muscular arms as if I were as light as a feather. Stunned and delighted, I simply enjoyed the experience to the max. After he put me back down he said, You did an incredible job, Ari. Ive never seen anyone secure a confession like you just did. Took incredible guts!
He had that poker face on but his eyes were sparkling. He really did seem to be proud of me, and it made me feel proud of myself. I felt all warm, from my toes to the top of my head. And then he kissed me, right in front of Iron Petra, a bunch of SWAT team men and a few uniforms, and I nearly went limp in his arms. I vaguely recall hearing the van door slamming in the background, which was probably Petra sounding her distaste at what she was witnessing, but I didnt care and neither did Daniel. I finally had some conclusive evidence that not only was Daniel available, he was definitely interested!
After we finished locking lips in front of everyone, and Dan was still holding me in a bear hug, my iPhone beeped what was presumably Emmas reply to my earlier message. As I had more important things to attend to at that moment, and since Emma benefits more from my texts than I from hers, I ignored it. Besides, all it said, as I saw when I checked my messages later than night while lying in Dans warm, muscle-y arms, as we cuddled on my couch after a takeaway sushi feast, was:

Were staging a protest against fur @ Vancouver Art Gallery tomorrow. U should change UR ways and attend.
Em

While Daniel napped beside me, snoring in the most adorable and sexy way, I replied:

As if.

* * * *

Coda No. 1
After Jacques was arrested, booked and fingerprinted, and after hed spent a few nights in jail with some new friends, I visited him, mostly out of curiosity. Daniel didnt want me to do it but I thought I might be able to pick up some more tasty tidbits of evidence for the upcoming trial. By then, the hairy human remains on the banks of the Nile had been positively identified as belonging to 'Pierre'. I knew in my gut that 'Jacques' was responsible.
Once again, we rigged up a secret recording device but this time the mic was concealed inside one of my enormous, dangly pierced earrings which resembled miniaturized versions of the solar system. Why the solar system? Because an old boyfriend, an astronomy enthusiast, had given them to me for my birthday after purchasing it at the Planetarium Gift Shop. The mic was concealed inside Pluto, I believe; however, as Pluto is apparently no longer a planet, the mic may have been inside Neptune. Regardless, I thought that this was one of those times when being a robot would have come in handy, what with having a functioning hard drive inside my skull to record everything, including what I was seeing. Id just have to be careful not to give it any hard knocks, just like with any human brain. 
When I entered the kiosk, I sat down and picked up the non-criminals telephone in order to communicate with the fake Frenchman through plexiglass, on his criminals telephone on the other side of said plexiglass. I was wearing one of my shortest leather minis (purple) and tightest, lowest-cut tops (pink), and had slipped on a pair of navy blue suede Manolo stiletto slides. As they say, sex sells, and it could only help in my search for more information. 
I sat down and daintily picked up the non-criminals telephone.
Hello, Jack. Remember me?
Daniel had told me his name was not Jacques Chevalier but Jack McDougall. 
Of course, my blossom of de Orient. Ariana, right?
His fake French accent was long gone. He now sounded a wee bit like Tony Soprano. 
You remind me of a girl I saw in a moviewhat was her name
Was it hooker #2 in Full Metal Jacket?
I was kidding, of course. Its a line Id heard once from Emma (who else?). He just gave me a funny look and said nothing.
What happened to your French accent? I kind of missed it, despite it being fake, preferring it to this new, coarse, semi-coherent one.
Too hard on my vocal cords, he replied.
His accent suddenly reminded me of a TV show that Id only heard of but never watched, and didnt particularly want to. Youre from New Jersey, arent you?
Yeah. What of it?
I decided to continuing having a little fun with him.
Did you enjoy your time with Suki?
His eyes narrowed. 
Suki? Wadda ya talkin' about?
I just looked at him and waited. Nothing. I made an irritated noise in my throat. It was time to trot out the Sukiyaki accent, which involved raising my voice about three octaves.
I am Suki Yakisoba, Japaneezu roboto for your ple-ja.
What? Speak English!
The man had never gotten the hang of fake Japanese accents, which I found quite annoying. Dropping the accent, I blurted out, It was me, Ariana! I was pretending to be a robot!
Then because he was still giving me a blank look, I added, Im Suki Yakisoba!!
He looked genuinely surprised, but then tried to change his expression back to one of nonchalance, but Id already seen it.
Oh, yeah, I knew dat. Yeah. I knew it was you. It turned me on, so I played along. 
I didnt believe him, and gave him a look right then that indicated so. It was my opinion that Emma was right in this one instance; we all look the same to guys like Jack. Then I realized this would come in handy during my future undercover operations as a private eye, so my brief anger passed. 
Do you have anything else to share with me? Nows your last chance, I offered generously, I thought.
He smiled and said, Too bad baby, you missed out. Then he trotted out the Clouseau-inspired accent one last time. Once youve had Jacques you dont go back.
Youre quite right. I have had you. And now youre going to spend time with your new friends in prison. You killed a good man, and a friend of mine, when you killed Ted. And you cheated all of those investors out of their hard-earned money. This proves crime doesnt pay. Now youre going to pay for it. Goodbye, Jack.
Before he could come up with some smart-ass, quasi-French retort, I hung up my non-criminals phone, stood up and walked out, making sure to work my butt inside the miniskirt just a little bit, to give him something to regret; namely, his loss of freedom. Someone whistled, but I preferred to play it cool and didn't turn back to look. I didn't plan on returning ever, if possible.

I am pleased to say that was almost the last time I ever saw him. The very last time I saw him was inside courtroom #7 in the Van Courthouse on Hornby Street, where he was convicted of one count of first-degree murder plus several counts of fraud. My last image is of him wearing a prisoners jumpsuit, handcuffs and leg irons, and being led out of the courtroom by two burly Sheriffs. He still had that arrogant smirk on his face that he often wore, yet I knew it was a useless pose, as he would be spending decades locked up away from society. The feeling it gave me was most satisfying, and the fact I had been largely responsible was even more satisfying. If this is what it felt like to be a private investigator, I knew I had definitely made the right career choice.
Afterwards, I threw a celebratory luncheon for Daniel, Petra, the whole surveillance team, the SWAT men (and, as it turned out, one woman) and legal team at, ironically, Alejandros where I had once spied upon Jacques during one of his robot-investor meetings. Ted paid for the whole shindig, as hed included a clause in his will that when (not if, because he had so much confidence in my abilities) I had cracked the case and brought the perpetrator(s) to justice, I was to throw a celebration for all of the people whod worked so hard on the case. Ted was still a generous man, even postmortem.
And later that night, in my apartment, Daniel and I threw our own private celebration, which I shall just keep to myself because it is, well, private.

* * * *

Coda No. 2
This whole period of my life turned out to be one of the most satisfying. Not only did I help bring Teds killer to justice, and clean the streets of yet another dastardly criminal, I managed to earn the respect and admiration of the only man who has ever made my knees turn to jelly merely at the sound of his voice. Daniel and I have been together now for six months. I even like his kids from his previous marriage, ages 4 and 6; two boys named Bryce and Clancy, and they seem to like me despite the fact I dont usually give off motherly type vibes. I guess you could say they dont mind me and I dont mind them. 
For now I have no plans to move in with Daniel, nor for him to move in with me. We both like our private space and time alone, but regularly have sleepovers, and I dont mean the elementary school kind with Smores and popcorn. Well, sometimes there are S'mores and popcorn. But more like the kind with whipped cream and chocolate sauce. Hot fudge Daniel! Mmmmm. With a cherry on top! (That would be me.)

* * * *

Postscript
Remember Consuelo, Teds suspiciously hot, young Mexican maid? It turned out my suspicions were not entirely unfounded. Daniel told me that she admitted to adding a secret ingredient, given her by the fake Frenchmen, one of whom she was sleeping with (does it really matter which one?), to Ted and my cocktails on the night of his death. She said she didnt know what was in it though, and Daniel says he believes her. Knowing the two crooks, setting up and using an innocent Mexican hottie is just the kind of thing theyd have done, so its possible Daniel is right.
Toxicology results had proven that Teds cocktail contained lemon oil, normally an innocuous substance to most people, but deadly for Ted, seeing as he had a severe allergy to lemons. Hed once told me he nearly died after going into anaphylactic shock as a child, after drinking lemonade he bought from his cousins lemonade stand. Poor Ted had gone into anaphylactic shock that night, after Id left. The only thing that could have saved him was his antidote, but it was tucked away inside his suit jacket, which the police found lying on a chair on the other side of his bedroom. How Jacques or Pierre found this out Im not sure. Perhaps Ted mentioned it to them casually and they used the information to their advantage. Ted was such a trusting man, to his detriment, Im sad to say.
The scheming fake Frenchmen had also threatened to turn Consuelo in, as she was in Canada illegally, desperate to get away from a Mexican ex-boyfriend turned drug lord. So she was in a tough spot; not a villain in the same sense that the pseudo Frenchmen were, which was one area I did agree with Emma on. Shes so nosy; I told her just to get her off my back.
Daniel said theyre going to go easy on Consuelo  shell get little more than six-months of house arrest and then probation, but may still end up being sent back to Mexico, although she has made a refugee status claim and may have a good case.
Daniel also filled me in on the fact that Consuelo said she met the geologists in a Mexican resort, while they were hanging around the pool in their tiny spandex Speedos, hitting on women. She was a waitress at the poolside lounge. They took her out of Mexico to Canada, where she thought shed have more opportunities, plus get away from her drug-dealing ex. Thats when they introduced her to Ted and she became his maid. I knew nothing of Consuelos true identity because Ted was keeping her background hush-hush so she could stay in Canada. The more I found out things I never knew about him, the more I realized how soft-hearted and liberal he really was, which was a bit of a surprise for a businessman born and bred in the Alberta oil patch. Despite his secret, liberal ways, I still feel a great deal of affection towards him, and miss him greatly. Of course, Emma was happy to point out that my beloved, wealthy, gold-mine-promoting boss was really a softie at heart, Deep down, a bit of a lefty, if he could have sympathy for an immigrant-of-colour, as she put it. As I considered Ted a mentor, I couldnt let her get away with that, so we started arguing, of course.
When I expressed my initial uncertainty as to whether or not Consuelo should be allowed to stay in Canada based on her refugee status claim, Emma pointed out, without even stopping to take a breath this time, which I found rather impressive given the long-windedness of her tirade, The long and storied tool used by the elites where they encourage the public to scapegoat immigrants for anything and everything, whether for supposedly taking jobs away from Canadians, to using tax payers money while on welfare, to accusations of cheating the system by being in Canada illegally, the list goes on and on. Gramma and Grampa were accused of the same things, and they were hard-working people, just like this maid probably is. Its all about distracting people from realizing who is really oppressing them. Give her a break, shes got it a lot tougher than you do, Ari!
To which I retorted, You should totally go to law school and become one of those bleeding-heart, pro bono poverty lawyers, though I meant it as an insult because who in their right mind would spend all those years and all that tuition money to end up doing that?
You know it!" was her answer. Then I, again, protested against her use of her favourite, communist-type word, oppression; like shes ever been oppressed. But somewhere inside myself I conceded (but only to myself) that maybe Emma had a point. Or maybe not. But after hearing her latest diatribe, for some reason, I felt a little less angry towards Consuelo for the role shed played in Teds demise and a little more sympathetic. I concluded that as long as she worked hard and obeyed the law from now on, maybe she could stay in Canada, especially when there were slimy con artists like Pierre et Jacques out there roaming the world, taking advantage of young hotties like her. It even occurred to me that in another life, if I were born and raised in Mexico, they might have taken advantage of me. So in the end, I had to agree that no, in the overall global scheme of things, Consuelo was not the biggest problem on the plate. But dont tell Emma that because I cant stand it when she gloats.
Lastly, one of my psychic dreams confirmed the true identity of S. Admirer. In it, Ted was thumb-texting furiously on his iPhone. Then he looked up at me, smiled and winked, and showed me what hed texted:

Dearest Ari,
U did a splendid job! I knew U could do it. UR such a smart girl!
Love,
S. Admirer/Ted

He was communicating with me from the great beyond, just as I had suspected! Hed been invaluable during my private investigation, and I hoped hed be able to help me again in the near future. Its not every day a member of the Dearly Departed Club is available to drop me valuable clues during a criminal investigation, and via my iPhone, which had become an electronic Ouija board of sorts. I dont even think thats an app, at least not one available to anyone but myself. My mobile device turned out to be worth every penny of the $60 connection fee I pay every month.
Because it turned out that my beloved, soft-hearted boss was with me the whole time, through thick and thin, helping me from the great beyond, it made me realize I was totally on the right track with my plans to become a paranormal-and-normal private investigator (PNPI for short). Daniel initially didnt seem very keen on my idea, but ever since I helped him crack the big Fake Frenchmen murder case, his first as a lead Homicide detective, he had warmed to the idea considerably, and Id been trying to get him to agree to be a consultant for my new business. He said hed think about it. Unlike myself, he didnt believe in ghosts, but I thought he would find out soon that theyre very real and can be very helpful, if they happen to like you.
Later that same day, I received another ghost text from Ted.

BTW, Molly had nothing to do with this. Shes as innocent as the day is long. Go apologize to her. Then celebrate @ LadyBug bistro and put it on my tab.
Love and kisses,
T

Now that Ted knew I knew, he was signing off simply, and hip-ly, as T. I was charmed by that. And how did he know that was our hangout? I guess the Dearly Departed just know these things. And since when did Ted have a running tab there? And would it really still be in effect, post his passing? 
Since I knew she wouldnt answer my phone call, I texted Molly:

Dearest Molly,
I cant apologize enough for what I said to U. I know UR completely innocent, and I had no right to question that. Please accept my apology, and meet me for drinks, on Ted (Ill explain later), @ Ladybug tonight @ 6 pm.
Hugs and kisses,
Ari XO
P.S. Hows UR mum? Is the bail money holding up?

After hearing nothing in reply, I hoped it was because Molly was planning to fill me in at Ladybug. 
Once there, I ordered two mohitos (what can I say, Im an optimist), and waited. 6 p.m. came and went. I was just about to start in on Mollys lonely mohito when she arrived at 6:20. At first she didnt look me in the eye.
I almost didnt come in. She sounded so forlorn that I stood up and hugged her for a long time.
Youre my best gal pal, Molly. I couldnt bear to lose you. Can you ever forgive me?
We cried a bit, during which time Molly nodded just a teeny weeny bit, which made me very happy. Then we ordered nachos and talked about our love lives, and I knew our BFF friendship was back on track. I updated her on my hunk of a detective man, and told her all about how hed taken a 15-foot drop on the outside of Vancouvers tallest high-rise for me. I also told her wed gotten a confession out of Jacques. She gasped, then cried a little bit more, and we hugged again. As for the bad news about Pierre, it turned out she had already been informed by none other than Iron Petra, who was kind about it, and Molly had taken it very well. She then informed me she was dating a man shed met at her new job in a flower shop, an immigrant from Spain named Antonio. He was a flamenco guitarist and inspired her to take up flamenco dancing. She promised to take me to one of her lessons. Ive always loved those fluffy skirts, lacy fans and castanets flamenco dancers use, and the stompy black shoes, even though they could use a higher heel.
As for her shoplifting mother, Molly had enrolled her in a Shoplifters Anonymous program, and shed gone three times so far without stealing any of the cookies or muffins from the snack table and stuffing them inside her purse, so things were looking up in that department.
All updated, we hugged again and toasted our success, and our renewed friendship. After all, its what makes the world go round.

* * *

Post-Postscript
With regard to family matters, my brother has ditched his doctor wife and taken up with Samantha, a yoga instructor. She's the one who had so kindly offered to personally inflate his tires, and the one who is the mother of his love-child, a baby boy named Jacob. This mini-debacle has had an interesting ripple effect on the family dynamic, now that it's not a secret. And no, I played no part in making it not-a-secret. I figured this would reveal itself in due time, and I, as usual, was right.
The woman in question made herself, and the bun in the oven, known by showing up unannounced at his office one day and loudly declaring to all within earshot that, "I'm Samantha Jones, Dr. Okata's girlfriend. I'm here to tell him the pregnancy test was positive!" I know this because Doris, a nurse who works in Ken Jr.'s office, told me all the juicy details. No, Doris isn't particularly discreet, at least not since my brother had her best friend, another nurse, fired. Exactly why he did so still isn't clear to me, but my brother is used to not being confronted as to his decisions, so no one has.
The news eventually made it to my parents, who, as I imagine all good Japanese Canadian parents would, promptly swept that little piece of family-image-tarnishing information under the rug as best they could. Or in our case, I suppose, it was under the tatami mat, although weve never had any of those in our house. Were Canadian, after all. My mother prefers wool carpeting; Berber to be exact, even though it is hell to remove red wine stains from after dinner parties.
As soon as the divorce was finalized, Ken Jr. and Samantha eloped, after which she opened her own yoga studio in downtown Vancouver where she has a celebrity roster of students, many of whom are visiting Hollywood types in town shooting big-budget movies. This Samantha moves fast. I almost feel impressed but would feel more impressed if it werent my own flesh and blood involved. Oh well, it gives us relatives something to gossip about at the Sunday pot roast dinners, when Ken Jr. and Samantha arent in attendance, that is. Talking about people behind their backs; this is what family gatherings are all about, arent they? After years of being the subject of such behind-the-back talk myself, so much so that I started to make sure I didnt miss a single pot roast dinner, I am revelling in not being the subject for once.

* * * *

More Coda. No. 3, I Think. And the last one, I promise.
Purely out of curiosity, I asked Daniel why he'd been sexily lurking around the SFMC barbeque way back when, pretending to be an investor in the bogus gold mine. He said it was because he was investigating Pierre et Jacques, who by then were already suspects in another suspicious death: a half-eaten Swiss geologist by the name of Franz Streicher was found inside the cage of a rather large African lion, in a German zoo. He'd recently been working with the fake French geologists who'd claimed, at the time, to have struck gold somewhere in Outer Mongolia. It's still not clear if the Swiss geologist knew it was a scam or not, but for some reason his new business partners had decided they no longer wanted his expertise and that he should become weinerschnitzel for an always-hungry big cat. Interpol had tracked the pair as having set up shop in Vancouver, which is where my hunky detective Dan came into the picture. As they say, the rest is history! Fun-filled, fabulous, Ari-style history!
Now that I was no longer a suspect, and after all of my globe-trotting and contemplating of life, Daniel and I decided to relax and catch up on some blockbuster movies. He wanted to see the latest Batman, and I agreed, even though it reminded me of my close brush with a blood-sucking vampire bat named Harriet. Over the opening credits, I briefly wondered what Harriet and her cute, hopefully non-vampiric brother, Ted Jr., had gotten up to. I thought that, perhaps, I would encounter them in the future, though hopefully not inside another cemetery, nor on a wind-swept gothic hilltop at midnight, nor inside a creepy mansion of some kind. If I had to encounter Harriet again in bat form, I would prefer that it happen in the middle of Robson Street during the noon rush, with hundreds of people around for protection, and as witnesses. I would also prefer the encounter to happen during the fall or winter when as much of my skin as possible was covered up, especially my neck. But who knows. I was about to embark on a new set of adventures as a newly minted private investigator of all things normal and paranormal, and I felt I was prepared for just about anything. The thought of it gave me goosebumps, and I snuggled closer to Daniel, who rubbed my shoulder to comfort me.
Feeling cold?
Mm, a bit. But not now.
About halfway through the movie, I had a quasi-psychic revelation about me and Cousin Emma. There I was, all warm and snuggly beside the hunk of my dreams, and who pops into my head and interrupts but Emma Antichrist! The nerve. But my revelation was this: I am Batman and Emma is the Joker. Go ahead, laugh. I certainly did. But I realized that the Joker was totally right: Batman cant exist without his nemesis, The Joker, and vice versa. In a sick way, Emma and I also need each other. I wouldnt know who I was if I didnt have Emma to tell me, several times a week. And Im sure Emma benefits from my insightful commentary on her wayward political views. I shall wear her down, too, Ari-style.
Just think, Emma and I needing each other. I guess its one of those conundrums of the universe. I wonder if she would agree with my theory. Of course not; wed end up having a huge row over it, as usual. But, also as usual, I would be right.
###

About the author: 
Elise Moto used to write screenplays and now writes fiction. Plus she reads a lot of fiction and nonfiction, and enjoys watching Netflix and HBO series. She lives in Burnaby, BC, Canada.

Connect with Me Online: 
My blog: http://elisemoto.blogspot.com
