
DEITY

by Sam Finucan
Copyright 2009


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 



Chapter 1: A Disturbance and a Revelation
Are you ready?
The foreign voice materializes within Billys head. But he is not surprised. A psychic link has been established allowing direct communication via thoughts alone. Yachi, his mentor is the source of the voice. He doesnt wait for a reply. Billy soon finds his energy focused and his body relaxes. Yachi is aiding him, speeding up a process that usually takes several minutes. Billy slowly disentangles from his physical body, floating up to hover just below the roof.
He is now in the astral realm, an alternative dimension where he takes a form of pure energy allowing movement unhindered by gravity or walls. He heads out into the city streets. As he moves beyond the room he sees office workers rushing to yet another meeting, buskers pouring out their soul, people having teary break-ups, while others fall in love. Those jaded by the citys harsh edge are found alongside those enchanted by the dazzle of its bright light.
He wanders above, amidst the high-rise world of executive suites and office parties. Peering from room to room, building to building until his attention is captured; extravagant food, penthouse location, wait staff, all present in their best outfits. The auras gave away the true purpose of the occasion and it isnt to relax and have a good laugh, although many present rarely have a better time. They all have just one thing in common, business. And judging by their surrounds it was big business: pushing sales, broadening client bases, networking, thoughts of Christmas bonuses or upstaging a colleague.
The electric atmosphere of such situations fascinates Billy and he, or his aura shines a bright blue to reflect his pleasure. The ebb and flow of energy across the room is charged by the intensity of duelling professionals. Ever since he could remember Billy has played the merchant and power-broker at any opportunity, from picking teams in the school playground to dividing pocket money with his brother. It was that same interest that brings him here. The exchanges before him can change instantly, often a well-established relationship is pushed too far or a positive dynamic is quickly created. A disinterested or unhappy player can feign interest verbally but their aura is not capable of such dishonesty. Billy sees great contrasts in a conversation, as one aura pales and shrinks when its owner tries to break away while the other intensifies and enlarges as its producer tries desperately to force the issue.
However, something different catches his eye today. Away from the crowd, a heated argument is occurring between a couple. Their auras glow so strongly that others in the room are dull by comparison.. Their aura is a bizarre rainbow of colours. Billy has not seen this before, the aura of the exchange is always changing, it mixes, twists and contorts in an instant. He thinks of what he knew from Yachis teachings, different emotions are represented by different colours in the aura so is this exchange a variety of emotions, changing with the speaker? Or maybe the topic? These things can get pretty complicated Oh Shit!
Without realising Billy has moved to within a few metres of them. Too close he thinks remembering one of Yachis oft-repeated policies:
It is one thing to observe but yet another to pry. We have special privilege in the astral form but it is not to be misused. Power such as this must be wielded wisely not corrupted by your whims and desires 
While unsure how, he is certain that Yachi would know if any of his conventions were breached.


Across town, Yachi is on his own quest. He usually searches for other classes. Its a dynamic that has always fascinated him. Its why he loves to teach. It allows him to truly get inside the mind like nothing else can. Little else unravels a personality like the frustration of something new. Of course its not all frustrations, just as often he taps into peoples natural enthusiasm for the unknown or aids them learning a new skill. These moments of satisfaction cant be replicated anywhere.
The enthusiasm of his students is still infectious to Yachi. Why else, after all these years does he still return? Without company the world of the astra soon dulls. It is the human interaction that keeps him coming back.
Who knew how different his life might have been without teaching? 
On so many occasions it has been the ice-breaker, pushing through beyond his strange accent and foreign ways. In time it became almost a novelty, a point of interest to his new friends and theirs. Mostly these people were a friendly lot, just a little wary of the unfamiliar.
Who knows how he would have handled the alternative, as a loner. Despite the contemplative nature of his work his ongoing chatter proved to be an asset as most of his time was spent with beginners of yoga. Whether he speaks of the tasks at hand, the weather, last weeks class, it matters little. The edge is dulled on the painful new exercises for the group and he is never happier than when speaking. 
Today, however, he is looking elsewhere. He has been troubled recently by a strange power among the astra. It seems to surround, even engulf him, making its transparency all the more puzzling. Such occurrences are not uncommon in this world and usually hours of meditation clear the mind of distraction, allowing the problem to be seen clearly, for what it truly is. However he has been puzzling over this enigma for weeks and while its grown stronger he is still unaware. This force seems greater than anything he has previously encountered, almost beyond the actual astra itself.
He has searched extensively throughout the realms of the astra but to no avail. As he continues now he doesnt hold much hope. Some things cant be forced. If he is meant to discover the disturbance it will be revealed. His curiosity, however, persists and he continues the search.
His astral sense projects through the plane looking for something strange, anything out of place. Again there is nothing in particular he can detect yet he feels surrounded. But there is no mistaking other signals he feels. Fatigue is setting in among his handful of students. He has been absorbed in this puzzle and has forgotten that they cant sustain their astral presence as long as he can. It is time to return.
So they make their way back to their physical bodies. They are losing their capability but still return comfortably. Back to the sparse, candle-lit room where their physical bodies have been lying on simple reed mats in a state of semi-consciousness while their astral profile roamed elsewhere. Another session is finished. Once back in the physical world, they take a few minutes of meditation and slowly rise, solemnly bowing their heads, signalling their appreciation to Yachi.
Rest well he advises the group as they leave but he sounds distant, his head is elsewhere contemplating this disturbance. As he watches the group leave he thinks they are all far younger than he was. A few were in their mid-twenties about the age he arrived in Australia.
This overwhelming, great melting pot of people is so far from the seclusion of his Himalayan home. The many different Asians of Chinatown, the whiteys, their language and their ways; all so alien, nothing familiar that he could trust. Soon after arriving he was horded off to a kitchen every day. Mountains of pots and pans and grease and trays and filth, how he would ache all over after a day in that kitchen. Every evening without fail. So far from the monastery of his childhood, from meditation, contemplation of the self, the soul, the universe. All so far away, here there seemed only dishes and food. Never had he enjoyed so much, fasting had been regular throughout his childhood and while the meals he did eat were hearty and filling they were far from the delights he found here. Delights he could never have imagined at home.
Different but the same, young. He looks around the now empty room and sighs. He has been told countless times youth is wasted on the young, he thinks as he begins to tidy up, or perhaps wisdom is wasted on the wise. It matters little, for the long day has now ended and the disturbance, whatever and wherever it may be will have to wait until tomorrow. Its time to leave, to walk from his studio and leave any and all troubles of the day behind.


Billy ventures out into the city again, making his way across the road thinking- another day, another rush hour. Cars, horns, engines, stereos and chatter all fight for his attention. He cant help thinking how funny it is that this is all so many know- the be all and end all. And while he tried not to be judgemental it was hard not to, possessing the knowledge of other realms that he shares with so few.
-HMMF
Ahh sorry!
He has bumped into a stranger in his daydream. Returning to the task at hand he turns the corner to the street where his girlfriend, Nikki, is just about to finish her shift waiting tables. He spots her in the distance, her raven black hair is pulled tightly into a bun from which wisps have gathered, forming notable strands that flow across her face, ears and neck. Billy notices the sparkle is gone from her brown eyes, now slightly squinted, giving them a dark appearance that seemingly dares the patrons to bother her. Her smile is forced and looks like it has been for sometime while the uniform she wears is dulled and stained from coffee spills, sweat and countless other trademarks of a rough day. But she still looks gorgeous to Billy and he cant wait to hug her and put some shine back into her smile.
However that will have to wait for she is presently gathering plates with her right hand onto a precarious looking pile held by her left while looking over her shoulder to listen to the demands of a customer. She blows a few strands of her fringe from her face, rolling her eyes and puffing her cheeks a deeper hue. Billy thought it was irresistibly cute but also knew it to be a danger sign that Nikki was just about to snap.
Just as well shes nearly finished poor girl looks like shes about to explode! he thinks with a sly grin. Then in an instant she is off with the burden of plates and the countless servile tasks in her head, rushing for the safety of the kitchen. He enters the caf, making his way through the jam of patrons, plates, tables and staff he approaches the counter. Helping himself to a glass of water as he patiently waits in the queue. However shouldnt have bothered, because before he reaches the counter, Nikki bursts out of the kitchen, minus her apron. She quickly scans the room until she finds Billy whom she grabs by the arm and leads out of the caf with a relieved smile.
How was your day, honey? he inquires.
Ive had better, first there werent enough cakes for the morning rush and then I had to show the new girl around as well as mind my tables, while the new manager sat around for a hour drinking coffee
Remind me never to get into the hospitality industry Billy thinks to himself as they cross the road into a nearby park. The world seems to tone down as they enter a dome of great trees, the hustle and bustle of the city and the stresses of waiting tables seem far away. They sit on the lush grass beneath the boughs of a snowgum where all they can hear is a few kids playing and the occasional chirp of a bird above. Billy notices Nikki finally seems to relax after telling him of her many ordeals at work. He reaches over and takes her hand.
Nikki takes a deep breath. Shed finished for the day, she could relax now here with Billy. She can vividly see the calendar at home on her wall, she will cross another day off when she gets home. One day closer to the grant for her first feature. God how long has she been waiting! Playing go-for on movie sets, making adver-torials and info-tainment. She has since decided shed prefer being queen slut in some XXX porno! Well maybe not. But there will soon be no more clearing another's table, nor smiling at another chastising customer.
She thinks of the two of them here, now. It would make such a beautiful scene. While she didnt want to make a trashy romance film that didnt mean shed ignore the genre entirely. Nearly all films, classics included, had elements of sentimental -borderline trite- love stories, she thinks as she gazes at Billy, smiling back at her. All dimples and white teeth she could sit here like this forever. Capturing moments like this was vital to the escapist appeal that made movies so engaging. But there was also something else, she couldnt quite explain but she had noticed Billy like this before. She couldnt quite put her finger on it or could she, time to delve a little deeper.
Youve been to your special meditation class again havent you?
Billy couldnt help but look surprised as she continues.
I can always tell when youve been. You have a strange, calm sort of confidence about you- almost, I guess like an aura or a glow or I dunno? She theorizes half to herself.
What exactly do you do there?
Billy had agonized continually over the last few weeks about telling Nikki of his bizarre habit and as he looks at her now the truth flows out.
This is gonna seem heaps weird so just bear with me He says and her eyes light up in response.
These classes are only attended by 6 or 7 students who are hand-picked by Yachi. He shows us how to take our meditative states further. The words are now gushing out in excited rapid bursts. It has seemed unnatural keeping something from Nikki and he is relieved at finally releasing details of his other passion.
By concentrating our energy while maintaining a highly relaxed state we can leave the physical restraints of our body. Billy notices her face shows a mix of wonder and disbelief.
The process has been known by various cultures for centuries and has filtered through the generations to the present, where we know of it as astral planing. It is very difficult to describe it in terms of the real world. You must be in a semi-conscious dreamlike state for a successful transition where you float above and beyond your body able to travel unseen through the air. At first the process was very difficult and I rarely made the transformation, even then I couldnt maintain it for long but now it only takes me a few minutes. He heaves a deep sigh with the last sentence while Nikki, still looking confused, stammers a reply.
I-It soundswell, surreal


...In an isolated Internet chatroom somewhere...
JFK: I think youre lying!
TNT: No way, just because its not printed in the papers doesnt mean it aint the truth!
(New user sign-on; USERNAME: Deity)
AGB: hello, Deity, cool name. What do you have to say?
JFK: Hi, Deity, Watzup?
Deity: You will be the first to learn, your mundane lives and the pointless banter of this chat-room will one day go down in history for this moment.
FV: Weirdo alert!
JFK: Yeah, whatever.
Deity: I have discov..
(Message from administrator- Your login has been relinquished)
...And the grand plans are met by an unforgiving blank screen...
Chapter 2: A Strange New Realm
Jason toggles the tracking on the video player for the umpteenth time. He cant believe the stupid machine is taking so long. His teenage sister and her friends watch nearby, they want to watch last nights episode of Idol and watch it now. There are a thousand places hed rather be. He had planned to visit his mate, Dan at the apartment he recently bought with his girlfriend. Last time they spoke Dan had been wary of locking into a 25 year mortgage while Michelle had really wanted to go ahead. He recalled his friend retelling her arguments:
If not now when? Itll only get more expensive and unless we win lotto buying a place will always require a mortgage
But shit its a long time and a lot of money and much of what the bank didnt give them will also be repaid but to their parents. Im very lucky Jason thinks, looking around the unit his parents had largely provided for him and his siblings. And of course its all in his name. Yes number 1 son does alright but with privilege comes responsibility.
He has to look after his younger sister, for one. A fact she knows all too well. All those bigger desserts and nicer presents had not gone unnoticed over the years and his sister, Joanne, never missed an opportunity for payback. Yes, it seems Jason will be playing video technician for a while yet.
It wasnt so bad, he once did this sorta stuff for fun. In his teens he had de-assembled the video, the stereo, the telly, you name it, just to see what was inside. And he got everything back together and, eventually, operational.
OK, all the connections are correct that should do it he thinks, here goes. He turns the video back on and flicks the channel to 3 and still nothing. Bloody hell, whats wrong with this bloody thing?
The girls chatter increased behind him, adding to his agitation, through the noise Jason hears the phone. What a welcome distraction he thinks as he answers.
Jas, its Yachi. I need to see you right away meet me here in half an hour. And bring Billy. Ill tell you more later. See you soon 
Strange, he thinks to himself as he hangs up the phone. What could Yachi possibly want our help for? Why was he so hurried on the phone?
Regardless, Yachi is his savior; his fathers friend will excuse him from his current situation. He is outta there, barely containing his smirk as he bids farewell to the disappointed faces and his sisters vindictive stare.


Jason exchanges a hello with Billy outside Yachis studio. As they reach the door he says to his friend,
Since were here we can practice the password
Oh, come off it, you dont honestly expect me to
Weve already discussed this- without the password how will we know we can let you in?
OKHu-ponk gai Billy answers unsteadily as Jason laughs. 
'Nice one, Skippy, now get inside before someone takes offense at you butchering our language Jason teases with a grin, an expression so broad that it seems to stretch beyond his face. While Billy was tall and broad-shouldered with a confident smile, Jason was stocky and constantly grinning as he did now.
When are you gonna tell me what that means?
We have, mate, we have, its just a formal greeting in southern China, honest
Well why are you always laughing at me when I say it?
If you realised how bad your accent is, youd laugh too. I gotta tell you, youre hopeless
Jason and Billy have known each other for a long time and reveled in one anothers' company. Both in their mid-twenties they share a similar easy-going nature and sense of humour that regularly errs into stupidity. Hailing from the western suburbs of Sydney, Jason is a first generation Australian of Chinese descent and Billy probably goes back to the first convicts, he isnt too sure. Jason has been coming to the class for years while Billy has only recently joined and is just starting to get the hang of astral projection with Yachis assistance.
Inside they find another student, Stave already there. Stave is a regular in their astral planing group who had joined about a year before Jason. A little older, he had olive skin and strong, dark features typical of his Greek ancestry. This combined with his solemn and quiet demeanor, led to some thinking he had an enviable smouldering intensity, Jason and Billy just thought he was a wanker. They are not about to be shown otherwise either. Stave gives them a curt nod and then turns his attention elsewhere.
Now they were all here Yachi began addressing them, Thank you boys, I have asked you here because I need your assistance, I have recently been troubled by a strange new force. Nothing of its kind have I felt, in fact I have only heard of such things in tales of long, long ago- fairytales if you will, whose truth even I have doubted. I talk of a power great enough to cause disturbances in the very astra themselves
Although they know little of the astra and its nature, they still realise the scope of such a situation for to disturb the astra is equal to disturbing the natural laws such as gravity governing the physical world.
However tonight I am hoping to learn a great deal about this new power, He continues. For I believe I have pinpointed its source. Tonight we will plane into what you commonly call the Internet
Their eyes nearly popped out of their head- WHAT the room erupts with disbelieving chatter to their teacher, one another or just themselves.
Please, my friends Yachi says over the racket. I can only ask that you trust and believe me, for there is much I dont know of this quest.
He pauses as the muttering of his students finish.
Although I know much of astral planes and their nature, my knowledge of computers is relatively non-existent. What I can tell you is that the transformation to this new plane is different to that which you are familiar with. It will be a very disorientating experience complete with a little pain.
Now, if you can ready yourself as normal and wait for my psychic guidance; any questions you have will be best answered in our journey rather than from my limited knowledge.
With that Yachi assumes the lotus position, closes his eyes and begins to meditate. The boys protest and question, but they know it is no use. Yachi has done this to them before and they cant possibly disturb him now, the only way to learn more of their masters theory is to follow him. They make a few awkward glances at one another and without a word being spoken they also begin to meditate. Yachi knows them well, the possibilities of a whole new realm no less spectacular than the Internet is irresistible to them. They can barely contain their excitement: 
Was this for real?
Could it be some strange test of their ability? Or trust?
What would it be like to see the Internet from within?
As they went through the regular preparations they found that despite the excitement they felt, which usually hindered their meditative states, things were proceeding faster than usual. Yachi was assisting their transition and they were soon in the astra with a psychic connection between them. He was much more luminescent than they had ever noticed before, in fact it was difficult for them to steal their sense away from him so commanding was his presence. He directed their attention toward the modem, as they looked closer they realised it had a faint astral glow or aura. Directing them to follow Yachi moved a limb within and then another until he had disappeared completely.
Billy soon followed. He moved into the modem port, into the unknown. The sensations that followed were still difficult to explain weeks later. Electric jolts passed through him and his astral sense warped and waned. He was the conduit for the union of these two worlds. His astral form was being manipulated into a fashion digestible for computers.
Regaining his wits he began to study his surroundings. A strange narrow tube enclosed him. His astral form moulded to it, his shape rounded and elongated far from its humanoid origins. As well as feeling the tube to touch he could sense it astrally. He had never encountered such a thing, for the senses in the astral form were a projection of the mind and not based in physical organs like ears and eyes. The closest parallel in our physical realm is a combination of touch and emotion or instinct but the entire astral form is used rather than ears, eyes or nose.
Billy noticed a dim light emitting above him and willed himself toward it. The movement was difficult, like a babys first steps his progress was slow and ungainly. Something was inhibiting him, what it could be? Then it dawned on him, his form moulding to his surroundings and now this. It was resistance, a physical property, restricting his movement despite being in the astral realm supposedly free from all physical constraints. His uneasiness in this new world was increasing, he wondered how the others were doing and hoped he would come back into contact with them soon.
They also moved toward the eerie light, getting the hang of their restricted movement in the bizarre cylinder they found themselves in. Their progress was slow but the light continued to brighten. As they crept along they came to a bend in the path, the glow intensified into a barrage of light. One by one they blinked and cowered as they crossed the bend. They were now out of the modem and in the World Wide Web.
A twisting, growing complex echoing with a deafening whirr and blasting with all manner of colour and light was before them. From where they stood arteries whizzed about and they caught glimpses of the different pathways within. Gorgeous nymphs wooed, galleries of art and entertainment were displayed and every sport and leisure conceivable could be seen in this hulking great mass of life.
However there were also mechanisms of death and destruction; fire-walls engulfed all in their reach, occasionally allowing some thoroughfare but promptly closing and destroying anything nearby. There were also punctures in the vessel walls creating great vacuums of nothing. These black holes were ominously sucking all they contacted within.
Activity was everywhere; a constant stream crackled, beeped and sped every which way. As all this cascaded around them, the magnitude of what they had done hit home.
Well my friends, here we are Yachi came across the psychic link. He was before them, the three newcomers were all transfixed at the exit of their respective pathways. They looked much the same as they did in the astral realm, although none of their auras had ever been quite as blue as they were now.
I hope the journey was not too difficult, no doubt you noticed that movement isnt as simple here. I believe this is due to this plane being in a physical medium, the computer, so despite our astral, non-physical forms we will still be affected by some physical parameters. Im still trying to come to grips with this new discovery, Im sure youll agree its quite amazing?
For instance what are all these things darting about everywhere? And what do they do? There is much to be learnt of this world. Yachi was referring to the many vehicles moving along the paths before them. The amount of traffic was well beyond count and they moved quickly, registering only as a blur. At seemingly random intervals they would stop perhaps change direction or combine but then just as quickly they would be off again and one was left to wonder if they had halted at all.
I have thought long and hard about our next step and I feel we would be best served to wait and observe, feel the power of this new realm, to learn its temptations and dangers. We are also quite tired and weary due to the resistance of this realm, our accelerated entry to the astra and the general excitement of all that has happened.	
They couldnt believe it. Here before them was a 000 adrenalin rushes, video games and action movie scenes: The new frontier. An odyssey through the mind, inner-space, a new dimension and they were in the driver-seat only to turn around and go home.
Stave was notably pissed, But surely the place for observation is here not from afar, as long as we take care well be fine
But Yachi had made up his mind. He was demanding the impossible, upon the precipice only to turn back and ponder. It was unthinkable.
His wisdom and reasoning continued as they all followed through to the modem.
We will return but first I must collect my thoughts, I wonder if any of my fellow astral masters know of this, if not, it will only be a matter of time? mused Yachi.
WHO? said Billy.
Where are they? added Jas.
All over the world, in China, India, Europe and also here in Australia from Sydney to, as you say, out in woop-woop replied Yachi.
No way! Can we meet them
I have not met many of them myself, our usual method of communication is via psychic link-up
And so they return to the physical realm. Jason notes the concern across his old friends face. He has known Yachi since before he can remember and on many occasions has sought his advice, like a second father. While to Jasons family Australia often seemed just as alien, Yachi had also been a teenager here and held knowledge of all facets of what Jason faced growing up here.
This troubles you, Yachi he enquires.
Yes, a great deal. I have seen many things in this realm and across several others. But nothing like this have I felt, in fact, my only distant recollections of warps in the astra are from whispers by the wise in tones suggesting they didn't really want to know of such things.
How old are these stories?
Who knows, mine is a long ancestral line. Back when little was known, only a few hardy souls dared to tread a path through the unknown powers of other realms. For thousands of years much was learnt. The monks were peaceful, dedicated to learning, defenders of people. However, this did not last forever.
There was a bitter feud amongst the monks. One of mercenaries verse honour, might against mind. The other planes of the spiritual and astral became less important as the physical world and its pleasures were sought. As happens in the great cycle of life the great feats of the past were tarnished. They were no longer used as a code for the present and future but as a currency for the moment with which much could be gained. The people were rightfully grateful. Many of the monks became accustomed to this and soon wished for more, their greed culminated into a battle with those who stayed true to our teachings- to the use of our physical mastery as a platform for further development in the various other realm.
There was much bloodshed and destruction for many years. The quest for new knowledge and enlightenment became a distant memory and laughable luxury as war and its horrors became routine. Soon the people, who had worshipped us like gods came to despise us and loathed our very presence. As the battle continued to sap the strength of both sides, it was in fact the people who took control and drove us all from the village. The factions then separated, those driven by greed took to the road selling their skills to the highest bidder. And those following the astral path hid out in the hills and shunned any contact to civilization, where they had brought themselves and their art into such shame.
Jason and Billy listen awestruck, a thousand images ran through their minds; of this tale from ancient times and the possibilities unfolding before them now.
Yachi continues I fear a similar challenge will confront us soon, a new force that will offer much but will require even more to master. I have felt a great power, enough to cause anomalies among the very astra. As of yet I cannot place this powers source, it is involved with this new realm but it may not be one and the same. Much is unclear. But it is very close and of grave concern. For in the wrong hands unspeakable evil could be unleashed upon the balance of the realms
Well, now to the task at hand, the sooner we start our preparations the sooner we can continue our exploration. I think our first priority is to attain some expertise in computers, Do any of you know someone who could assist us?
How about Nikkis friend, Peta? Jason suggests to Billy.
Umm, yeah- yeah thats a great idea, Ill give Nikki a call right now and he starts dialing her number.
You were pretty quick to think of Peta, hey?
Jason blushes instantly. He and Peta have a history of on again- off again relationships. While their personalities gelled from the moment they met, circumstances always seem to conspire against them. Jason is saved further interrogation when Billy speaks into his phone.
Hi, honey, its me. How are you?
Remember what we were talking about the other day in the park.
Well we need some help...
Can you arrange a meeting with your friend Peta, its about computers.
Shes there now
Tomorrow at ten, excellent.
Yeah, Ill be around in a few hours, say 11
See you soon.


So here Jemma is. Already into week 4 but God does it feel longer. And shed been looking forward to this, she should have seen it coming, building up to a fall, an anti-climax. Sure its better than the bar job, at least in some ways. Cant believe I miss the pub she thinks as she pops her bread in the toaster. Beryls two-faced antics with the patrons, her sly replies to their slurs and laconic wisdom that the managers could never refute with their new methods and ways. She chuckles to herself, thinking of the many times Beryl replied to an order from a new, twenty-ish manager fresh from Tafe, whose age was well short of Beryl's total industry experience.
But she had had her fill of smoky rooms and stale beer and while Uni had been a great time, it would be nice to actually put the resulting piece of paper to some use. Her science degree, she thinks with a sigh. Despite the hype, and confessed need, science seems an ideal rather than a reality in the lucky country. She smears Vegemite across her toast as she thinks of the last year. All the fruitless searching, 2yrs+ experience required. All those futile job applications, Criteria 1: demonstrate your critical thinking as applied to scientific research. Exaggerating a teamwork exercise as a volunteer and generally becoming tired and demoralized well before a week was worked. Soon enough the police seemed a good option. At first there were lofty ideals of forensics in the future but now after only a matter of weeks, she is already looking for an out.
But she isnt gonna quit just yet she thinks as she locks the door behind her. Sergeant Cooper probably hopes she will and she cant give him the satisfaction. He is her trainer or mentor or whatever they had called it and he is often found on the other side of the bar she thinks as she takes a left onto Goulburn St. Its guys like him that made her never wanna work in another pub again she thinks as she crosses the road to her building. It seems she cant escape them so easily. Will he be in yet? Hopefully not. 
She will know soon enough. BING here she is, Level 13, just a few steps away.
She hates to think what he says of her to the others- let alone what he thinks as they sit in the patrol car together. His slovenly form oozing over the edges of the seat, grasping clumsily at his seatbelt or in the glove box, now there arent enough buttons on her blouse or inches in her skirt. The situation had somehow mutated into her shying away, tiptoeing around because of his shortcomings. She promises herself every day that she will never become anything like that. Why should she suffer because he lacks a sexlife? God, it pisses her off!
She gets out her security card and beeps through the door, along the hall, a polite smile and good morning to one of the creeps in the drug squad. Around the corner and into the cubicle. There he is, time for the drill, keep it as simple and civil as possible.
Morning, how are you?
Great, thanks, and you?
Fine thanks. Will we be in here or out in the field this morning?
Mostly in here. Weve got a bit of paperwork we should get through, if you dont mind
Sure, No worries. How can I help?
He chuckles, Not yet honey, its not even 9, you can get me a coffee though 
Smarmy bastard. It was only ever a matter of time before he says something like this. He continues laughing and Jemma notices his glazed, red eyes. No points for guessing what he did last night. Maybe the guys at the pub understood, she didnt and she doubted many others did. Maybe they even join in his laughter, I guess he probably doesnt have to watch what he says there, like everywhere else. Not that he was particularly concerned with being PC.
Jemma bites her lip and disappears behind the partition separating their desks. She hates him. Actually it wasnt even hate. Now she knows him she can only really feel pity for the miserable bastard. Was that what she was to aspire to here? Is that where, with grit, perseverance and application she could be promoted to? She grabs the nearest file and sinks herself into it, far away from Coops and everything else.
Chapter 3: The Moment
In another chatroom, with a more receptive audience
Deity: There is a new power soon to be unleashed upon society. Something so profound, its a whole other world. No-one knows or suspects a thing, there is nothing that cant be achieved in this place and yet it seems Im the only one who knows?
GhettoRat: What is it?
AC/DC: A top-secret biological weapon?
JFK: A computer hacking tool? 
LikMiBals: Alien powers?
Deity: Do you ever wonder what its like to fly, what it feels like to have energy coursing through your entire being? When I embrace my secret, I am invincible the world will beckon to my every whim and desire, soon I will be ready to unleash this upon the world, my preparations are almost complete


The moment has finally arrived. After days of intensive practice, the team of Jason, Billy, Stave and Yachi are finally going to be planing through the Internet. It has been a whirlwind as they focused more and more upon tackling this new realm. Jobs were ignored, lost or slept through as the companions put in sleepless nights and restless days of preparation. Parents, siblings and friends all enquired in worried tones but could not be confided in, regardless of confidentiality, the explanation would only worry them more. 
And now they are about to take the big step. Completing the final preparation, now second nature after weeks of repetition: selecting a modem port, checking the lines, clarifying a clear connection. Yachi is giving them advice on their meditation, their planing and what to expect. They have heard it all countless times before but listen intently, checking everything over in their minds. 
Peta is re-checking all the equipment. Repeating to them the various signals and procedures they have established; what they mean, when they are to be used and what may follow them. All four of the planars stand at full attention, Yachis words of wisdom have petered off into silence. 
Mustnt get on the wrong side of this young lady. He thinks. Shes so determined, such a worker. Just what we needed, shes so passionate about these computers not to mention knowledgeable. 
Peta may be the groups newest recruit but there is no question who is in charge. She has an air of authority that is now in full flight.
She is reminding them of one of the several discoveries they have made, Datatrails, one of the creatures travelling through the cyber-realm. They are everywhere, darting from place to place. From a distance they can be seen as a brief flash, their trail; similar to a comet, when Peta informed them they are data flowing along the net theyre christened data trails. Her technical knowledge has enabled Yachi to interpret a lot of what he has seen in his primary explorations such as the queues or chains of datatrails which surround many of the sites. Initially Yachi is quite wary of them but with Petas assistance they soon discover that they are only a minor hindrance like a wall or other physical object in the astral realm. Yachi can go with a queue, push through to the front or even go against them, with only a minor slowing effect. 
The final preparations are now complete and they are all in their positions, ready to embark. None of the boys can sit still, even Yachi has a glint in his eye. Excitement and anticipation charge the atmosphere and everyone in the room as the planars begin to meditate.
Peta brings the modem and its ports up on screen, waiting for the planars arrival. She looks over at Yachis team, he is a constant source of amazement. Especially at his age, whatever that is? Shed long given up trying to guess. He is so eager to learn, full of vitality. Being old is supposedly days of lawn bowls, endless cups of teas and complaints about the modern world; back in the old days- you know the drill. She doesnt want to seem ungrateful for all they have done and the life she has but they really do whinge a lot. Yet Yachi is constantly chatting with everyone and unlike most his age he can chat with you rather than only at you. He listens to all the complex jargon of IT and networks, routers and platforms and not only does he not switch off but he even remembers most of it. It is quite embarrassing really, given the difficulty she has comprehending his world. She hasnt had this much fun since, hell since her parents first got a computer. HAH, remember that crappy old thing, the Commodore 64. How she loved it. Spending so many hours mastering all the games that her worried parents had confiscated them. But that only made things worse. 
She got her first taste of programming. Changing screen colours, making music- well collections of beeps and squeaks and then booby-traps. Programs she installed that were set off by the commands of the next user. Even she had to admit she took it too far. Youthful exuberance and her first encounter with megalomania, it proved a heady mix. Her younger brother had run screaming from the study after she had manipulated the spelling program to speak to him:
Matty, you better be listening. Dont you dare get another wrong
Matty, Im watching you. No cheating. Ill always be watching you
He was particularly bratty at the time but didnt really deserve weeks of nightmares. After a few sleepless nights with Matty her parents decided they didnt really need to be part of the technical revolution. But by then it was too late.
She started doing odd-jobs around the street, the block, the suburb. Scrounging every cent she could. Her parents were wary but what could they do. She was being the perfect child. Showing initiative, setting goals and achieving them (learning the rewards of hard work so young they bragged to other parents) and after all computers were the way of the future, you wouldnt do anything, be anyone, without them soon. So her parents sat back and gloated a little but mostly they watched uneasily as their headstrong little daughter made her presence felt in the home with a thoroughly deserved new toy, the Amiga 128. Barely a year later and it too was replaced, a cycle that continued to this day. Thankfully there were no more nightmares in the family although Petas interest or obsession continued to worry. Chatroom friends whom shed never actually met but would get up at 3am for,
Its only logical since most of the group are in Iceland. God only knew what theyd think if they saw what she is doing now. 
Meanwhile, Yachi is hovering above them in his astral form. While he waits for the others to join him he creates a psychic link with Peta for them all to use. He resists the urge to assist his pupils in their transition. As a group they have decided that he should conserve his energies in case a more urgent situation arises. As it turns out they arent far behind, Jason joins him now and, as always, Billy follows close as a shadow. 
Stave is a bit slower Yachi muses. Probably because he is so anxious and eager, there is certainly something ill at ease about him lately 
He snaps to attention, returning to the task at hand. Scolding himself at such poor concentration in such a critical exercise, he extends the psychic link to the astral profiles of Billy and Jason. As he greets them he notices that Stave is now rising up to join them. Now they are ready for the next phase. They buddy up, Stave and Yachi together and, of course, the inseparable Jason and Billy. The psychic link established, their modem lines allotted, they share a final glance and proceed to their respective modem ports. They enter and are greeted by a mild buzz and occasional shiver across their astral form, a far cry from the jarring grind of their first entrance to the modem. The countless practice drills prove beneficial once more as they move easily, the resistance which once affected them so greatly now barely registers upon their profile. All the practice sessions, hour upon hour for the last week, so close yet so far, feeling the temptation, waiting for the proper time and, now, it is here.
They cross the portal, adapting to its powerful light and there it is once more. No less breath-taking than during their first view, in fact the building anticipation has made it even more spectacular. It is certainly no less daunting. As far as they can see tentacles are extending, disintegrating, buzzing and reforming. Flashes pass, another blip in a never-ending stream of traffic. 
Yachi comes across the psychic link. Remember stay upon the existing path link, what shall we call these?'
Their minds tick over for a few moments. How about, say, cyber spheres, yeah, cyber spheres' offers Billy.
I like it, cryptic, contemporary, rolls of the tongue well, cyberspheres.' Adds Jason.
Well, cyberspheres it is, then' agrees Yachi. 'Now, remember we must all stick together and keep communicating so if any problems arise well all be alerted and can combat them together, are we ready?
A quick glance reveals the answer. All the planars' auras are sparkling with excitement. 
Yachi has actually been this far before. Testing what Peta can and cant do with the planars modem links via her PC. 
They soon discovered this allows Peta to perform some basic manipulations upon the planar. Yachi or the other planars can direct her via psychic link so, if required, she can bring the planars directly home; this becomes their emergency evacuation. Other procedures are teleport, where Peta re-locates them to a new address anywhere within the web. She can also stop their current progress if she sees danger ahead, for she scouts the planars surrounds in the cyber-realm using other windows to better navigate their next move. A few other manoeuvres are also discovered but arent necessary since they can readily performed by the planar.
All these procedures have been refined over hours of simulations, drills and a bond of Petas computer knowledge and Yachis telepathy. They are now quite confident that they can handle any nasty surprises encountered in the groups exploring. For any of Petas assistance to be possible the planars have to maintain a cybersphere rather than leap between the many different possibilities and travel through free space, an easily accessible alternative for any planar. Cyberspheres are narrow spherical pathways between websites through which the planars enter and travel the Internet. It seems, after much debate and study by Peta and Yachi that the energy of a single human planar is substantially more than other web traffic and parameters. This allows planars to jump between cyberspheres or possibly even make their own way through free space without the cybersphere as a guide. This has not yet been tested thoroughly and Peta and Yachi didnt want the over-eager young lads to know about it just yet.
They have seen all this before, it is now time to go beyond, to finally enter the World Wide Web. The group have decided to stay together rather than pair off immediately. With that, they chose a pathway and take their first cautious steps within.
Yachi relays their movements to Peta requesting confirmation at her end. 
'Yes, I have you all within the web now and it looks like youre going straight to Yahoo, one of the biggest and busiest sites in the entire web! You should be arriving any second now'.
The cybersphere opens up into a broad plateau and the spacious surrounds of the net-hub that houses the Yahoo website. In all directions there are explosions of movement, connections, searches, data being made, discarded and investigated. 
Clusters of cyberspheres pulsate like a gigantic squids legs, fluid and alive as each component deteriorates, elongates and renews.
Peta continues, What you see is of the physical realm yet it is primarily energy rather than a genuine substance.
As you know, the web is a very recent phenomena. It will be interesting to see how it develops, I think there are many changes to come. Yachi says as they continue their tour, Being in such a dynamic medium is why I am so cautious he continues.
Wow! What does this do Stave exclaims, grabbing at a datatrail above him.
Stave, we are here to observe not to disrupt chides Yachi.
Aww, but Stave trails off, releasing his captive.
Yachi now addresses the group Now we will continue. Peta, will you bookmark this place for us so we can find it again later?
No Probs she replies across the psychic link.
Yachi leads them through to another cybersphere. As they approach the next net-hub they catch glimpses of a beautiful woman pouting and posing. The images becoming more real and intense until she becomes their every thought, the sensation of her touch tantalizes their astral sense- all their senses. Her warmth, her smooth curves and yet there is no definable size or dimension, the image is everywhere, larger than life and yet it is only an image; without depth, lacking substance.
And then she is gone.
There are many distractions here and while Im sure you could have stayed in such company forever. Im afraid were here for a purpose Says Yachi.
The boys are still quite shocked as Yachi leads them on into another cybersphere and Peta continues.
You will see this when you enter many net-hubs, they are the interface for the user and can be an image as you just saw or a game like Doom or even chess. Other times its simply data whether it is a programming language or text like a newspaper or database. I wish I could be there now to see you all blush she teases.
Stave?Stave? 
Yachi interrupts. But no answer came. As they moved along the corridor, Stave was otherwise occupied. He was several bodylengths behind them and had projected part of his profile out of the cybersphere. The wall now shimmered from him, reverberating past the companions, creating panic among the already edgy group. They turned to see Stave's aura brighten as he investigated the outside world. Yachi took stock of the situation first.
No Stavos! he boomed. 
But it was too late, after a moment of hesitation; Stave disappeared out through the hole he created and into the unknown. Yachi starts exclaiming in what must be Chinese. After a quick exchange with Jas and Billy to stay on the path and await further instructions from himself or Peta he to was off after his pupil. 
Stave burst through the tubular wall and into space, flying among the cyberspheres. Bumping past several of them with little discernible effect as he flew past.
Its like the true astra out here with no restrictions from the computer network Stave thinks to himself as he explores this new scenario. This freedom, this is the way it's meant to be' and his aura illuminated brightly. Movement was now open in all three dimensions, free and spacious without the inhibiting structures of the Internet. 
Yachi vainly follows his pupil but Stave has already vanished among this great maze. The search seems pointless, however he still has the psychic link with Stave and he hones in on this. Concentrating his powers on this portal into Stave's mind, he could feel the confidence and pleasure of his protg. He tries to focus in on this, to get an inkling of his whereabouts. But everything is moving so quickly, blurring as Stave flies by, that nothing is recognizable. Yachi notes the space and lack of resistance outside the cyberspheres and realises the setting is perfect for the impatient, young planar. 
Across the psychic link, Billy and Jason update Peta of these recent developments, she tries to rectify the situation. Busily scouting the area and trying to reconnect Stave and his original modem port, however it keeps giving a connection lost message. 
Stave is soaring along enjoying his newfound freedom when something catches his attention. He sees a strange metallic casing on a series of data-trails through a nearby cybersphere. It could have been security, or maybe they were the leaders of these web-robots? Stave went for a closer look. He follows, flying parallel to their cybersphere. Apprehensively he touches the cybersphere, he can enter them as easily as he can exit and so he projects through, this time back within. The Datatrails were just ahead. He draws near with ease. Now adjacent to the last in the assembly he projects his astral form toward the strange creature for maximum sensory exposure. At the touch he recoils. The datatrail continues on oblivious, Stave, his aura deepening red with rage gives pursuit as they exit the cybersphere and come to the spacious and busy surrounds of the net-hub. Determined now he backs up and runs into a datatrail at full speed, the collision dislodges it from the assembly. Stave picks it up, interrupting the path of those following. They soon jumble up in a rapidly expanding pile of destruction. In no time some new robots join Stave. They have a variety of different attachments and begin buzzing around the area creating a hive of activity. One new tentacle had an eyeball-like visual aid that was scouting around surveying the wreck. Others were like shovels and were sifting through the mess collecting various components from it. 
Meanwhile, Stave had studied his find, which to his disappointment was jibberish, a pointless array of symbols, words and numbers, which meant nothing to him. He discarded it and turned his attention to the new arrivals. He approached and was inspected by two visual links, though one soon returned to the fray of the clean-up site. Stave considered his new company until he was prodded by it, he swats it away and it falls to the ground, destroyed it disintegrates to a fine powder.                                                              
Having told Peta all they could, Jas and Billy now waited while the others searched for Stave. Patience was not a strong point for either of them and they grew frustrated as what was a great adventure into the unknown quickly became a big fat bore. 
If we stay in the cyberspheres, they cant really be pissed at us
We wont go too far. Not like Stave!
Thoughts ran through their heads. Then, with little more than a glance they were off.
Peta had given up hope of relocating Stave. From her end all she could see was the lost connection that she could not re-connect. She left Yachi to do what he could and returned to the others. She moved the screen into the window that was following the boys modem connection. It was not where she had left them. They were moving to another site, yet their progress seemed unnaturally slow. Perplexed, Peta moved into system properties to see if there was a problem with the PC. The screen came up with the system running close to full capacity and rising.
Oh, shit Peta sighed as she wondered what to do. Should she close Staves connection? Begin an Emergency Evacuation? 
Situation Critical flashed upon the screen, whatever it was she had better hurry.
The boys followed a bend in the cybersphere and arrived at a new site. The place was in absolute disarray, pieces of datatrails littered the area with punctured cyberspheres lying prostrate among them. Strange new web creatures buzzed about chaotically through the mess. The boys soon found the source of all this, it was Stave. They could see him in the distance unleashing a flurry of blows. This had all barely registered when they felt a pull from behind and they found themselves dragged out of the site. 
Stave was too absorbed in his wave of destruction to notice some of the peculiar changes to his setting. Like a rapidly approaching twilight his world was becoming dimmer. The remnants of his cord were disintegrating. Finally his attention was gained when his blows upon another hapless datatrail were diminishing in impact then it escaped his once vice-like grip. He gazed around becoming more and more bewildered as all the other warning signs dawned upon him.
His surroundings continued fading and Stave felt the other powers of his senses blacking out accompanied by the distinct sensation that he was falling; deeper, faster, irreversibly.
The other planars were flying out as the darkness encroached their world, their surroundings deteriorated and crumbled in the distance. Peta was guiding Jas and Billy home via the emergency evacuation, the cord which attached them back to her PC was recoiling, dragging them out of the internet as it collapsed around them, threatening at any second to crush them amongst the debris. 
Yachi was also homing in on the escape route but of his own accord, he had also noticed that something was wrong here and having never really trusted this new realm he reluctantly shelved is hapless plans to find Stave and fled. He concentrated on optimizing speed, not daring to consider what was occurring behind him, let alone to Stave, all he knew was that there was only one way out and soon that opportunity would disappear. 
The boy was not heeding my advice, it was time for him to make his own way, for better or for worse. But what a dangerous time he has chosen for such a move.' He lamented.
Stave had foregone any such luxury. His senses stirred meekly and he groggily tried to get his bearings. Everything was dark and his astral sense was a fraction of its former strength. But, still he could decipher, despite its uselessness, that there was still all the activity of the 'net nearby, maybe even right in front of him. Noises he couldn't quite hear, structures he couldn't quite make out. He realised it was cold here, very cold but not in the regular sense. There was an air of vacant nothingness; he shivered uncontrollably as the feeling intensified deeper and deeper to his core. It was accompanied by a fear, a deep foreboding sense of dread. Suddenly he knew that this place that he couldnt fathom, that was overturning his every sense- was the last place he would ever know. 
The others had returned to their physical bodies and immediately looked to Peta. She was desperately scurrying across keyboard, mouse and screen. Searching for the last planar. The connection was still there, He was still there. It flickers, their hearts race and it returns but notably dimmer.
They turn again to Peta, hunching over the computer screen, fingers a flurry of motion, however she wasnt wearing the reassuring expression they required. In fact as the sweat seeped from her brow it crossed a pained look. The reason for this soon became apparent as the light dimmed, flickered and disappeared.
He was gone.


Sergeant Cooper is driving down Glebe Point Road responding to a call, already certain it relates to the collection of young homeless filth that stain the area and making it a regular stop in his beat. If it isnt this lot its the Abbos in Redfern or the gooks in the city, he thinks to himself as he turns a corner. While he was grateful for his transfer from the western suburbs where the serious trouble is, he has since noted that it always seems to find its way in here to the city.
Unit 216, come in The CB unit crackles to life.
This is 216, base, copy Coops answers.
Coops, weve got a fire in Chinatown, its a commercial high-rise on the corner of Sussex & Dixon, the boys in red are already there, so if you could head over to provide any necessary assistance
Sure grumbles Coops in reply.
Over & out he says as he replaces the handset.
Bloody gooks 
Jemma ignores the comment from across the car console. They rise over a small hill and can see the fire in the distance. As they approach the grids of traffic and commerce are replaced by disorder and chaos. Smoke billows above, plumes of it cascading out of the building like a belly dancer in full-flight. Crowds stare, accumulating in pockets which are shielded from the heat and debris. Among this melee the firemen spring into action accompanied by the slithering of hoses gushing into action.
They pull up a block and a half away and as Jemma prepares to enter the melee, Coops decides he wont be required, Heres your chance, kid he says his voice dripping with sarcasm as he motions toward the scene before them.
Jemma welcomes the chance to escape and heads towards a fire-engine at the centre of the activity. The action flies thick and fast around her, she bides her time not entirely sure who to approach or how. 
Eventually a Fireman brushes past her and says, I was wondering when the boys- and girls- in blue might arrive as he connects a hose into the truck and tightens the fitting. 
Unfortunately weve not yet got much to tell you, let alone the time to spare. I can tell you that weve been here half an hour and no-one has come forward with any info yet, so it doesnt look to promising. And our forensic team wont get in there for a while yet, maybe tomorrow morning if all goes well
With that he heads back toward the blaze, ready for action as the hose unravels behind him.
She returns and reports to Coops- no witnesses yet, difficult to tell, looks like arson or disrepair of building responsible. But this is only preliminary, the forensics will probably start investigating tomorrow and hopefully we will have something a little more concrete then. 
Jemma embellished the report, she didnt want it to seem incomplete, and she cant stand the thought of being chastised by Coops. As it was, she neednt have bothered as he barely raises an eyebrow. Jemma tells him she will look through the crowd for anything suspicious and hastily moves off again. 
She surveys the crowd but nothing is distinguishable among the sea of faces. All around people squabble and squash desperate to see what all the fuss is about or gain a better vantage point. 
Jemma thinks she recognizes a face in the crowd that quickly disappears, whats her name? A kid from school all those years ago. Otherwise she sees nothing here, just chaos and a place for a lunchtime sticky-beak. Anyone she asks just shrugs their shoulders and tries to be rid of her as quickly as possible, fear, distrust, suddenly everyone is in a hurry to be somewhere else. Back at the patrol car she tells Coops of her poor results and he begins another of his gripes. 
Thatd be right, thousands of people around here in the middle of the city but no-one saw nothing. No-one can stop and help. Bloody typical!
Coops surveys the scene with a sigh. Here he is imparting his experience upon some kid. How could they have matched the poor girl with him, she wont last the year out like this. Another fantastic initiative from some bureaucrat up above. The kid hates him. He hates the situation but can hardly blame the kid, he isnt real fond of himself either.


The companions stared at one another dumbfounded. No-one utters a word. A blip from the computer screen heralds a new message upon the screen. 
Modem Port 4 disconnected, unable to find, cannot re-establish. It is Staves modem port and there is no denying its gone. A tear wells in Yachis eye and rolls down his cheek.
What about the body? Jason whispers.
They turn to where their friend lay, he seems to be a touch paler already. They approach his lifeless body when a movement through the window catches their eye. It is smoke. Plumes of it billow skyward, Billy who is closest, peers outside.
Its coming from this building, right outside along the wall! He bellows, turning toward the others.
WHAT!
Fuck, lets get outta here- HURRY!
They move for the door, as Peta opens it a barrage of hot air is released, striking the group, forcing them to shield their faces and shy backward. They exchange a concerned look and suddenly Jas recalls,
Shit, what about Stave? the group all turned to Yachi expectantly.
After a moments hesitation that under the circumstances lasts an eternity, he speaks. Im afraid theres nothing we can do. We must save ourselves. Hurry, my friends or it will also be our demise.
As if to accentuate the point, flames gush through the window where, only moments before, they saw the first hint of smoke. They leave the room, fleeing down the hall, At once reluctant to leave their friend and driven by their predicament. The heat grows ever fiercer as they scurry along. Explosions and crashes echo through the building. The lights die as they leave the hall and the group wonder if they will find a clear exit? While they didnt have far to go, the heat and chaos that envelopes them doesnt leave much time either.
Finally they reach the door that leads outside as the oppressive heat bore down upon fiercer still. Billy, who is leading the way, boots the door brutally and it gives way, splintering apart with a loud crack. They keep moving into a gathering crowd and Yachi takes them down a narrow alley and into the service entry of a nearby food court. 
Soon the noise of emergency vehicles dims and the crowd thins. They relax a little, their brows unfurrow but their eyes remain vigilant, their steps hasty. Yachi leads them into a quiet side street and into a restaurant he knows. They finally get a chance to catch their breath and reflect on all that has occurred. Despite their safe new surrounds they are all still on-edge and cant help but regularly peer over their shoulders, eyes darting over every passer-by. Finally Jas breaks the silence:
What of Stave? 
There is silence and they all look to Yachi.
I fear it is out of our control, he is now in destinys hands, we can do little for him now. 
The graveness of the situation set in with Yachis sombre tone and disheartening message. The silence weighed down on them further, realising this Yachi continues
What we must do though is consult the High Council of Guardians. I will call a meeting immediately and you will all be required. But for now I think we should all get some rest. Go home for now and tomorrow we shall all meet at Billys, if you dont mind, Bill. 
No Worries,
Also, take care and tell no-one of what has happened today, we should all lie low while the police and media are interested in the fire and so on. In a few days everyone will have forgotten and we will re-assess the situation from there.
They say their goodbyes and head to their respective homes. Being in no mood for more action, social or otherwise. Billy and Jason only have a short walk to their neighbourhood. They walk in silence, mulling over the days events. Finally Billy breaks the silence. 
Shit, mate that was hardcore
Yeah, I was peaking, I think Yachis right, this is full-on, we should definitely ease up, let him suss things out a little ya know, just chill out for a while.
YeahFuck it was pretty cool though, hey?
'Ken oath, how was that crazy metal dinosaur thing that Stave wailed!
Uh-huh and how freaky was it as we were coming home and you could just feel that all hell was gonna break loose. Like everything was collapsing and any second something was bound to drag you down with it. Fuck, I couldnt get outta there fast enough 
Too right, isnt Peta an absolute champion, wed have been totally shagged without her there. She was right on the money with all that advice beforehand. If we hadnt stayed on the path and had that emergency evacuation plan well it wouldnt have been pretty
MMM got that right. Thirsty?
Silly question!
And with that they walk into a nearby pub to get a better grip on things (as it turns out it was all a bit too much, so they just get pissed)
Chapter 4: The High Council
Jason and Billy hurry through the crowded city street. Jason pauses for a moment, something upon the wall catches his eye. He wants to stop and retrace his steps, he cant picture it clearly but there is something among the patchwork of posters plastered on the brick wall. His curiosity will, however, have to go unfulfilled for a meeting with Yachi beckons.
He remembers when he was introduced to planing. How strange he felt. Dubious, yet yearning to believe, willing it to be true. It was not that long ago. Yet now with the new realms and lost planars it seems a lifetime ago. God knows what Yachi had in store for them next but Jason doubts anything can now surprise him. He barely knows whats real anymore and he certainly doesnt know what to make of all this. What was he worried about earlier? Something on that billboard- A poster? What could it be? Maybe his minds playing tricks on him- it definitely has good reason.	
Billy doesnt bother continuing his conversation with Jason. His friend is a million miles away, lost in thought. It always amazes him how Jason cannot hear a word thats said yet still nod, shrug and grunt appropriately so the speaker is none the wiser. It is a skill he often wishes he can master but his many attempts only get him into trouble. 
They arrive at Yachis new makeshift quarters, a partly filled storeroom for a restaurant owned by one of his good friends. Its far from ideal but under the rushed circumstances more than they could have hoped for.
Yachi thanks them for coming and offers green tea as the kettle rattles in the background. They accept and wait in silence, sitting while Yachi answers the kettles whistle. 
He returns with tea and sits with them, making himself comfortable as the tea settles.
Ahhh, look at you two, the wait is killing you isnt it? Patience, How many times have I told you: The first part of the day lays the foundation for what will be achieved thereafter 
Too many! Havent you realized it wont get through our thick skulls not in ten, twenty, a hundred years Jason retorts.
And, as is often the case Billy continues where his friend leaves off.
Too right, youve gotta remember were the generation of instant gratification. While your teas getting cold were half done with the business of the day and moving onto whats next. Thats the way it is, ya gotta get with the times?
Yachi laughs, the antics of these two never fails to amuse him. 
I see the events of yesterday have not dampened either of your spirits, his tone becomes sombre as he continues. It is a horrible thing, something that must never be repeated. I must warn my colleagues of all that has eventuated. That is why I have called you here today.   
He continues with a few sparse details of what they will soon be doing; a psychic link with his friends, tell them whats happened over the last few days. He takes another long sip of his tea.
We will go now.
Yachi removes his teacup and the kettle as he rises from his seat. 
Billy finally finds his voice: Yachi, who is it that were meeting, is it-
Let us go, all will soon be revealed Yachi says.
And with that he leaves the small kitchen, Jason and Billy reluctantly follow and are surprised to see him meditating.
I thought this was just going to be a psychic link, why is he doing this? Jason queries. His friend simply shrugs his shoulders and readies himself to follow.
So the boys go through the procedures that take them from this dimension and into the other. As they feel themselves waft from the physical world into their astral forms they detect Yachi waiting for them.
Well done boys. Now come here and I will take you to the meeting Yachi says across a psychic link.
Once more the boys are bewildered by their teachers strange ways. But with a little resignation they huddle together, Yachi surrounds them, merging their astral forms with his. They feel a great surge of power and the sensation that they are moving rapidly. Yet its difficult for them to be sure as their senses seem overloaded. Amidst this maelstrom features become blurred and difficult to distinguish. What is this? Are they moving at all?
The boys return to their original state almost as quickly as it is taken from them, however the scene is now stunningly different.
They think theyve seen it all upon the streets of Sydney with its broad collection of characters, their distinct villages and the variety of festivals and events that bring them all out. Yet this tops all that; a most bewildering collection of characters from around the world and possibly beyond. They came from deserts, jungles and mountains, while others belonged to faraway cities in exotic lands that are equally alien to Jason and Billy. From Asians to Aborigines and Europeans with many more whose features they cant place. They are mingling, Yachi soon among them catching up with old friends, while the boys stare dumbfounded.
Yachi interrupts the gathering. Friends let us begin he waits for silence before continuing,
I know to call such a meeting is unusual but I assure you it is necessary. I, along with my colleagues Jason, he motions to his right where Jason stands a few feet behind him, And Billy who steps forward upon hearing his name, have stumbled upon a new realm!
A murmur goes through the crowd, American Navajo Warrior of both Worlds thinks what could possibly happen next in this crazy world. Many of the young ones at his home today think him an old fool and have no interest in the knowledge and rituals of his people and theirs. It saddens him, like so much that seems lost as man races on and on? To what end? Who knew? Or cared? Todays world seemed pointless; fools gold governs everything while all else suffers.
And yet here before him are some young people who are interested and apparently very talented. His old friend has found a place for the teachings of the astra today over on the other side of the world, surely, in his tribe, he can too.
Mruyadgi, the Australian Aborigine looks at the group before him. They are his countrymen. New Australians he has heard them called before, New New Australians would be more apt he thinks. 
While they seem like good enough blokes, they just reinforce how distant he is; from what is happening on his land and from these people before him. How long has he known Yachiyes they are countrymen but they undoubtedly inhabit different worlds.
Planing through the internet! He has only ever seen a computer a few times, most of his people wouldnt know one if they fell over it. And here his friend was planing through one of the bloody things.
The boys realize the astral forms here are far more lifelike. Yachi and these strangers have more depth and character to their astral profiles, as if they are more lived-in. They must be the Astral guardians that Yachi had mentioned occasionally. It seems as if their combined powers in this astral psychic linkup have effectively created a new dimension. And here they are, two novices about to inform them of the latest development in this realm, their realm. Yachi must have noticed their concern, he extends his astral form to reassure the nerves of his students.
Are you ready? Yachi prompts Billy to begin as the noise of the crowd subsides. Billys aura pulses strongly in a bright red. Yachi notes a recurring thought amongst the scatter of his pupils mind- How can I possibly explain anything to these absolute gurus- I shouldnt even be here
You will be fine, my friends here before you want to discover what we know, not ridicule a new planar. Simply tell them what you saw and what happened, you can do nothing more
And so Billy begins, Gday, Im Billy one of Yachis students in astral planing. He has introduced me to this amazing world we are now in. From meditation, focusing chakras and taking the astral form, Yachi has been a great mentor. Recently, however, even he has been at a loss to describe the events and behaviour weve witnessed in the astra. Disturbances have been detected among the realms, something I dont fully understand but now weve discovered why this is happening; we have found a new realm!
He looks up at the fantastic collection of people before him, their astral projections shimmering and aglow with interest at what they are being told.
Due to the powerful energy of the meeting site- the thoughts and feelings of the crowd fill the air, when interested and attentive their aura expands toward the speaker seemingly greedy- eager to gobble up their every word. 
Billy continues, While little has been learnt of this new realm, one very important fact is clear, this new realm is housed within the internet!
The boys pause in alarm. The energy of the place changes, an uproar echoes from all corners of the room at the mention of the internet. Tension drips from the thoughts and words being projected into this bizarre amphitheatre. The air fizzes and bubbles as the thoughts and auras of individuals within the collective clashed- flaring bright oranges, yellows and reds. 
What is this? the outburst comes from the corner of the room. A group of people covered in hippy trinkets and loose, flowing tie-dyed wares. 
The lady continues, her intensity already reaching boiling point, How can this be so? The astra houses our soul, it was forged at the dawn of time and has pulsed with lifes energy ever since. And now you expect us to believe that it has been corrupted by computers; the mesh of wires, bits and bytes that runs modern society. Machines that enforce datum conformity in their never-ending quest for efficiency and economy. Its ridiculous. Cant you see that they are incompatible to the astral plane, the abode of our soul
Across the hall another chimes in, dressed smartly in the well-cut suit of a businessman. Once more your narrow-minded dogma has clouded your opinion, Sta. Just because this doesnt agree with your ideal world vision, you must chastise your peers and deny their intrusion into your perfect little world
But just as soon as he starts, with the air whizzing and booming where their words clashed, Stas retort has begun.
Spare me your tactile spiel and boardroom psychology, remember where you are, your aura betrays the calculating mind behind your delicate phrasework.
The rest of the room have seen it all countless times before. These two could argue forever- and often did. The boys however are spellbound by the excitement of it all.
This place is going crazy?
What is happening now?
What will happen next? thoughts race between the minds. Synchronised with their clashing words the auras of the two collide, like fireworks blazing through the sky.
As they argue the other Guardians jeer them on, thoroughly enjoying the spectacle and hoping to prolong it. Sta is now continuing her argument. 
Computers are staid; the driving force of todays number crunching society. Its ridiculous to think that the astra would embrace such a cold and lifeless place. 
A semblance of calm returns to the gathering, Yachi intercedes.
Please, people were not here to bicker, this is vital information coming to us, let the story be told first. We will discuss this news once weve heard everything.
He motions to the boys, who are again hesitant. Their resolve returns and Billy continues.
This new realm we speak of is still greatly unknown. Our forages within have been short and the ground left uncovered great. What little weve seen has been unlike anything Yachi has seen or heard of in all his long history with the astra. Because of the unusual nature of this realm weve had to seek aid from other fields especially computers. One who has been invaluable to us in this way is going to speak to you now; Peta Jerran. 
This starts it all off again.
Who is she? What does she know of the astra? How could you tell her without training, the natural gift etc? This is unheard of- who else are you to tell? Or do others already know? Long ago decisions regarding this were made and they were to be taken seriously. 
The boys are shocked at this continuous bickering, very non-Zen thinks Jason with a smirk. Yachi hears his student and smiles as he adds, There is an Ancient Buddhist saying that applies to this scenario, boys- Before enlightenment, I chop wood; after enlightenment, I still chop wood 
SILENCE! the words vibrate throughout the hall. The source is a dim, unnoticed corner of the room. The speaker now comes forward and, surprisingly, the hall actually becomes silent. Wearing only a simple robe flowing loosely about his small frame the speaker has dark, weathered skin and Asiatic features similar to Yachi. Evidently he is well-respected, even awed by the group. His aura is a translucent shimmer rather than a particular colour. Somehow the boys knew that despite the outburst this signifies he is truly at peace and they recall moments, usually while meditating that Yachi also had a similar shimmer. Now he begins to address the crowd, his aura seemingly grows colouring the entire hall with an opaque shield that nullifies the fireworks of the debate, commanding the attention of all.  
You should all be ashamed of yourselves, here we have some talented new planars and all you do is bicker and whine- I hate to think what impression they must have of us! As Yachi said it is paramount that we learn of these new developments as quickly as we can, lets not forget there are others out there who have been waiting eons for such an opportunity. Our age-old enemies may have been subdued in recent times but mastery of a new realm is just the chance they have been hoping for. Now can we all please listen
And with that he lifts his arm toward the centre of the room and a giant hologram of Peta forms above. 
Petas head is awash with all it had absorbed in the past few weeks. Here she sat alone in the room. Waiting. Waiting to talk to the high council of astral masters in a parallel dimension. Surreal, unbelievable, yet there it is plain as day. Peta knew the world to be a complex, fascinating place but this? It was enough to do her head in. She loved to learn, to lose herself in knowledge. But this turns all that on its head. It cant be read about in the library, she wonders about all that she supposedly knew- how much of that was colored, incomplete or totally missing the point.
Her friends have this bizarre passion, a whole other world unknown to her, and Yachi- the astra is like his family trade passed down the generations, like a house or business. Despite all shed read in books and absorbed in classes her world is unbelievably small and she had deluded herself; convinced that she was open-minded, learn-ED. All the jibes from classmates about her extra-curricular courses never bothered her, quite the opposite, they pleased her, giving a holier-than-thou satisfaction. Allowed her to look down upon all the hard-nosed, vocation found and subsequently bound IT geeks. She was different to them, to her peers in her course with their radiation tans, smug smiles and indecipherable jargon-speak. But all this showed just how petty she was being. A big fish but in such a small pond, nay a sheltered, controlled tank. 
Uh, hello? Can you hear me? 
What was that? Of course, it was Yachi. Her wait is over.
Hello Yachi, are you guys ready?
Yes, Peta, go on were listening. Yachi replies.
Where do I start, Im Peta Jerran, Ive been friends with Jason and Billy for years but I never knew that had such an amazing secret life. I have recently been introduced to this world of yours. To other dimensions, out-of-body experiences, movement as pure energy all things I knew nothing of and am still learning. But, what I do know is computers.
Yachi and I have been using a psychic link to communicate our different perspectives and relative expertise instantly, his in the astra and mine on the computer. This has allowed us to learn a lot of this realm but there is still much more to be discovered
While very similar to the astra that you all know so well this realm does have some notable distinctions. While in some ways astral it is also a physical, computer-based dimension. It seems to be born of both these two dimensions but it is critical to know that it is still distinct from them. At times it behaves astrally, other times like a computer and, occasionally in ways that are a hybrid of the two.
As she speaks Yachi projects images of her topics from the new realm, they sit neatly beside the hologram. 
While in this realm, you will travel through cyberspheres. These are astral equivalents to telecommunication links between computers throughout civilization which make up the World Wide Web.
They link throughout this new dimension connecting Net-Hubs, these are internet sites in the virtual world. This will all be explained to you again when we see it first-hand. Im sorry? Am I waffling?
Upon hearing her indecision, Yachi quickly replies Not at all. Please continue these details are whats required
And so she proceeds to tell them about Data-trails and Black holes, Web-surfers and all the other strange things they had encountered in this new realm. While some of the audience is probably not convinced they definitely pay attention. The astral guardians are all confounded by the details of this bizarre new world, at once both familiar and alien. 
As he watches, Jason thinks of Peta again. She really is incredible, the way she has absorbed this strange world. Without her none of this would be possible she is, perhaps, even more vital than Yachi. Its a little daunting, is he really a match for her? That this cute girl who is so smart and funny and such good company, that she might even like him is a buzz.
Can she detect his thoughts? He is psychically linked to several others here and they to her. He could send her a message. What should he say? Nothing too full-on, shed think he was a fool. What about the others- would they receive it too? God, not too sure about that.
Bloody hell! Why cant I just do something instead of all this thinking round in circles. I know, perfect, Ill just say a quick thank-you, saying how much we, I, yeah definitely I, appreciate all her assistance, how bloody brilliant shes been. Yeah thats it!
But what if I distract her? Can she reply? Then he realises she is finished and Yachi is now speaking.
We must leave you and continue our meeting, we will be back in contact soon and, Im certain, requiring your assistance again. Many thanks. With that the hologram of Peta evaporates, she is gone. While Jason rued the lost opportunity Yachi continues.
As you can see she is very knowledgeable, without Petas help we would be lost in this world and at even greater risk. With her aid weve learnt a lot and can travel with a guide and safety measures. However the disturbance is still a mystery! It may be this new realm? This is truly bizarre even among our home- the other-worldly astra. A realm partially physical, partially astral and partially incomplete. Its a truly great challenge to our position as guardians of the astra.
I believe that is all we have to report, shall we now hear from the high council? 
The man who earlier silenced the crowd comes forward, This is Lai, he is speaker of the council. Yachi tells the boys.
He begins to the group. We will now open the floor to any who wish to speak. ANY BAR DEAN AND STA, from whom weve already heard more than enough.
There is an eerie silence, Which Lai interrupts after a few moments. 
Before we go on, I think we should go over what we do know of the astra and better understand these new developments and their context.
As you know, the creatures that we inhabit the physical world with have instincts and occasionally thoughts. They know their wants and live to satisfy them. As humans we do the same though we also have a conscience- we know of repercussions and are aware of our existence. Which leads to our soul; that which is above and beyond this world and its needs; it cannot be explained in terms of this, the physical realm. Our soul inhabits the Astra, it is this which will remain when our physical bodies are long gone. And what Sta and her cohorts speak so righteously of. 
The Astra is the world of our conscience and our soul. These new developments are quite amazing even shocking. We too have felt the disturbances in the Astra but who wouldve guessed that their source was this internet of computers so recently developed by man in the physical world.
Such is the nature of the astra; it is not static but develops and evolves like everything else, this should not be a surprise. Our home has found a new vehicle to inhabit. As its guardians we can but dutifully follow its course, learning and serving as it moves ever onward.
Those who say its not compatible with computers, well that simply isnt true. For, unlike yourselves, the astra does not discriminate.
Chapter 5: Know your territory
Deity press release-
A new online hazard termed Deity has been discovered by authorities. 
Further updates will be made available as the investigation progresses however no significant threat has been detected and it is recommended that all online transactions and business continue as normal.


Deity soars effortlessly through the maze of cyberspheres and websites. He is becoming more adept and capable here, his surroundings now more familiar. He speeds past another blur of datatrails, confidence beginning to replace excitement. His thoughts turn to the future. 
I must hurry others will soon discover the potential of this realm and crave the powers I have, I must know all that is here both beneficial and destructive.
He has undergone a transformation here and no longer considers himself human, while he has a humanoid shape he is no longer of flesh and bone. His pure energy form has unrivalled power and a blazing bright aura to match this status. This is his new home now and here he is known as Deity.
Deity soars through the realm past cyberspheres and through websites destroying anything unfortunate enough to be in his path. He is content, thinking himself truly worthy of his namesake. He surveys the scene around him, so much to see and to learn. He must continue onward. It is time for something new, another challenge.
A flicker below to his right alerts his senses and he approaches as it heads toward one of the many net- hubs in view. Cyberspheres sprawl everywhere, connected to these centres and stretching out into other net-hubs which, in turn, link countless other cyberspheres spreading throughout Deitys new home.
He corkscrews forward and bursts straight through the seemingly impenetrable wall with a flash of sparks and energy. He scuttles into a queue of datatrails, scattering them everywhere. His unorthodox entry is heralded by the bleep of alerts and a series of sirens. Unfazed he immediately sets out to investigate his new surroundings. He has barely begun when some bizarre web-robots, the like of which he has never seen before, join him. His new company seems to be responding to the alarms. They dart around him with a buzz making it difficult for him to get a good look at them. 
Intrigued, he, twists and turns; toying with his new company, who pursue. Deity speeds about haphazardly seeing whether they can keep up. 
The results prove disappointing, Deity soon grows tired of the game and, inevitably, the company. A new, more destructive game ensues. 
Deity wallops the nearest robot into its neighbour and it crashes to the floor with a metallic croak and splutter. He quickly grabs another and hurls it against the wall where it crumbles into a pile of debris. He is now attacked by a collection of tentacular appendages and attachments from some of the other web-robots which he swats away with ease, they collide with a queue of datatrails, smashing them into countless pieces which fall lifelessly to the floor.
As Deity continues a pile of rubble gathers, growing steadily with the casualties of his warpath. Something to his right catches his attention. A small compartment, its walls aflame, but the flames surround rather than consume it. He approaches, discarding the datatrails in his grasp. This seems far more interesting; whats within; worthy of such protection? As he nears the flames his aura brightens from the thrill of this new challenge. He feels the heat as he draws near the firewall. Its intensity causes his own energy to pulse strongly. It is this moment he loves. He knows only one way to act in such a situation, he is not here to consider, to deliberate. Such actions are below his station. His purpose is to conquer all in this realm, his realm. And to do so swiftly. 
He hurls himself into the firewall. The searing heat warps his perception, he is lost, disorientated by its potency. Deity very nearly loses his way. But being at the core of so much energy his entire being focuses, stronger than ever before. Rising to the challenge he moves onward, slowly at first but his momentum through the firewall grows and becomes relentless, unstoppable and he has soon penetrated within.
More alarms and sirens greet him, they are different, more piercing than any before. But he is undeterred. He now realises why there are all these security measures, he is in an enclosed small room, where all the internal walls are also made of fire. White-hot yet consuming nothing he senses they are ever vigilant, eager for prey. The room is empty but for its centre where a spectacular clear dome sits, shimmering with energy. Can it be? The heart of this net-hub thinks Deity, there is only one way to find out for sure. He moves toward it. Gathering speed his form streamlines, directing all his power, energy, speed and force into one concentrated point creating an apex at his forefront tip. Nearing maximum velocity, the point of impact approaches. The collision shakes Deity to his and his shape alters from streamlined to an indistinct blob neither humanoid nor otherwise recognizable. A wave of energy resonates across the site.
The explosion is a great whirr of movement and chaos, the sites walls disintegrating to nothing. Datatrails and other debris flare alight as they hail from the sky, released into free space and dropping into the abyss below. Deity hovers above, admiring the wrath he has caused. His intuition had proved correct. This is a very valuable detail. He flies off, continuing his voyage of discovery. 


Jemma sifts through the collection, among the myriad of bands playing and hand-medown furniture sales. While not sure exactly what she is after, it is something she wont find in the paperwork she holds. She has already had a brief look at it. The fire department say its an electrical fault, very run-of-the-mill. There is some other stuff that warrants further attention as well but thats for back in the office. For some reason she feels there is something missing, staring her in the face right now, but what?
Besides she doesnt want to rush back to the office. It is so dull there, often there is nothing for her to do. Either that or she gets stuck with the copying or other lowest denominator-type chores. 
Her thoughts are interrupted as a crowd comes towards her. They are treading a path she knows well, from the train station to the University. Not a care in the world, well apart from assignments, exams, cute guys and what to do on a Thursday night. She never realized just how much she loved that life. That life- very past tense? What of her future? Is it really going to be here with the police?
She moves into a shopfront window as they walk past, she cant help but stare a little sadly, longingly. And they turn a corner and are gone. She looks at the store, indie-chic clothes, no room for that in the force. Hang on
Nikki? Nikki, is that you?
Omigod- Jemma- look at you? Wow, in the police. You look great. Ive heard about women in uniform but I never realized. God, I feel so shabby
Dont be silly. You look great, always have. You still at Uni? Oh, I miss it so much..
YEAH? Id swap with you in a second. That uniform, youre the long arm of the law and all that, not to mention a proper salary!
Oh no, dont be fooled. Stay as long as you can. Its not all its cracked up to be out here in the real world
They share a smile
So, can you grab a coffee?
Aww, Id love to but Im on the job at the moment
Some other time then?
Definitely, gimme a call?
Wait, heres my number
 Ill call you soon, so great to see you
Jemma looks at her file. What is she doing. She hasnt gone through it thoroughly. She thinks of Coops at the lunch, booze-up is more like it. Its his second this week, probably doesnt even know whoever is being promoted. No doubt he is already drunk. And shes here, working. The file can wait an hourshe runs after her friend.
Nikki, WAITWhere are you going?
Glebe, wanna grab that coffee? 
Sure, Dyou still go to Badde Manors?
Of course, if you think things have changed even slightly youre in for a rude shock. Despite all the hoopla were a conservative lot, us students
Oh, great, I wanna know all about it     
They spoke of the past. How longs it been?
I know, scary isnt it? Almost two years 
Nikki is eager to hear of her journey out into the real world. How did you come to be in the force? Have you used your gun? Do you have your own handcuffs? 
While Jemma regrets what she has left behind. Hows your lovelife? Are there still plenty of hot guys at Uni?   
Jemma describes the void of desirable men at work and the subject soon comes to her partner as she describes Coops she becomes animated and bumps her file and several papers scatter. Nikki helps her gather them.
Wow, Chippendale. This is all from around here. I didnt realize there was so much going on?
Ahh yeah well Jemma hurriedly squashes the loose papers into her otherwise neat and orderly folder. 
A lot of this is minor stuff she says tucking the folder out of sight Im not really supposed to talk about it
Oh sorry! Last thing I want to do is get you into trouble. But Im sure I could help, she continues Ive lived here for ages and with my filming Im always looking out for the unusual. I have an eye for the underground
Jemma isnt sure what to say, it seems, however that the look upon her face gets the message across as Nikki changes her tact.
Look it was just an idea. Just think about it and if I can help, Id be more than happy to
Id better go, Im still on the job and everything
Sure, sorry about that I get over-excited sometimes but look heres my number. Give me a call. Ill let you know of any parties or anything coming up
Yeah, thatd be good. Great to see you again. Bye
Jemma is still in a panic as she leaves the caf. What had come over her? God Nikkis full-on, I dont remember her being that over the top at Uni. But she had been paranoid too. It wasnt anything that interesting; just a forensic report on a fire, it could be on the news tonight or more likely left off through lack of interest.
Ill have to stay in touch, she must think Im a weirdo... She was quite over the top too, have to be cautious though. Still shes really nice I just cant be too forward. Shes so eager it could get us both in troublebut thats what I want, shes still so carefree. God, I need to stay in touch with that. Ill go mental with this lifestyle just working, sleeping- No way! Besides shes bound to know a few cute guys.
She dwells on these thoughts all the way back to the office. The screen flickers on, her database search is there, welcoming her back from the outside world. 2  pages scroll down before her, each line a file created or added to in the past month for the area. There are 289.
Lots of petty crime, there are no other major fires, on a lesser scale there are unconfirmed reports of a suspected cult recruiting in the area and there are dozens of missing persons.
So why has she done all this? It is part boredom, part desire to show up Coops. Everything else theyve done has been so uninteresting; drunken behaviour, homeless, junkies, kids with nothing better to do. The fire opened up a world of intrigue and possibility. Deliberately lit? Was it murder, a disgruntled employee, organized crime or an insurance scam?
So when the report said it seemed unsuspicious her heart sank, she had already done all this preliminary work. She couldnt relent so easily, anyway what was her alternative? Boredom. 
Theres a noise from across the partition, someone fumbling about on the desk, it seems to come from Coops desk. He has returned from his booze-up, 3:15, pretty early by his standards.
What about the report? She wants to look a little closer yet and he wont be too useful today I know, an e-mail, so if he forgets it will be there tomorrow. For now she keeps quiet to avoid a slurred lunch update, it will only make them both uncomfortable. He will go home soon and she can e-mail then- modern technology, its wonderful. Bringing people together is one thing but maintaining a healthy distance now that is an achievement. The noises move to the corridor and away while she returns to the report.
She thinks of those short-haired, multi-pierced sistas at uni. She used to laugh at them, their scrappy banners and hapless chants. A good shag would set them straight she once thought but how shed love to see a few of them now. She reminisces for a while smirking at the scenario of Coops clashing with the sistahood. As her head sways with laughter, her focus shifts for a moment from imagination to sight. From the microscopic jumble of words and letters comes clarity. Stavos Giokos, a missing persons report- where has she seen that name before?
She scuttles through the papers upon her desk until she finds the forensics report- scanning through the pages, probable cause, course of action and there it is, the body from the fire. She reads on, forensic testing indicates the body has been prone for hours previous, possibly unconscious. The fire occurred around 2pm on a Tuesday in commercial premises. And the victim is named Stavos Giokos. One and the same.
Its very unlikely he was sleeping at least not intentionally. Looks back at the database; 
Re-checking the dates she can see the missing persons report was submitted only a day before she received the police report on the fire, or the night of the incident. Its still pending the 48 hour clearance period, standard for all new police records. Now surely that is more than just coincidence, the same Stavos.
Turning to the missing persons report, she can see he is an only child, son of Peter & Maria Giokos. She worries for the family, What should I do? she thinks to herself, Pass it on or should I call the family myself, there were procedures for these scenarios but it could be days before someone else gets around to it?
Do they know? They must, she looks further down the file and yes theyve been notified but what would be the harm in her paying them a brief visit...
Chapter 6: Conquest of the Astra
Peta is gleaming, the smile has been fixed to her face for hours and shows no sign of dimming. She rushes around the room, a conglomerate of the latest switches, servers and routers that embarrass the previous set-up. 
Dean, one of the astral masters comes through the door directing a collection of couriers pushing trolleys all containing more of the latest equipment. He signs a form as they empty the last trolley and leave. 
Peta cant help but be impressed by his business-like manner and can-do attitude. The fact that he must be filthy rich doesnt hurt either. He is a great connection to have, in only a few hours he has supplied the room, state-of-the-art equipment, the lot. Nothing surprises her anymore, not after the revelations of the last few days. She wishes she could have seen the meeting of the high council. It sounds fantastic, Jason and Billys reaction was unbelievable enough in itself. They are usually so aloof but she had them chattering stream after stream of nonsense with a single question. Hours later they still hadnt calmed down. Oh well, at least she has met a few of the masters such as Dean and, admittedly, she is pretty busy with all these cool new toys. 
All the more reason to make sure this works without even the slightest hitch. She doesnt want to lose one of the masters before she has a chance to meet them, a repeat of what happened to Stave. Yachi has reassured her there was nothing she could do and she has replayed the scenario hundreds of times in her head. But how could she know for sure?
She isnt even entirely sure what happened. She has pieced together all she could with Yachi as they set up the new network. Between them they had concluded that Stave breaking from the cyberspheres put far more strain upon the system than a normal planar. This doubled when Yachi followed his pupil, ultimately leading to a system overload. With the Home-link severed there was no way Peta could help Stave. 
With the new network they now have far greater capability but there are far more planars to support, more factors they cant control. Peta is confident that, with this new network the technical problems can be controlled but what of all these new users. They are unusual to say the least. What hope is there that they would all control their curiousity. It is clear that Yachi wants them to forge ahead and to do so immediately. Rushing the job made Peta uneasy. She wonders what is so critical that they must take such take risks but she is still coming to grips with the basics here and she doesnt feel her inquisitiveness would be appreciated 
Thats the last of it, Peta Dean says Im off to join the others, Ill be in contact soon. Bye
Peta can tell he is nervous as he spoke. The network would soon be complete and he, along with the other masters would be off on their first exploration in the new realm. 


Meanwhile the masters continue to mingle in the temporary dimension they have created for this meeting.
How are you darling? So good to see you Psi says.
Fine, yes fineand you? replies Ana.
Oh, yes, you know, alwaysbusy neverstopping. Id also noticed something amiss but for the life of me I didnt know what it was
Ana began to murmur an agreement but Psi carries on regardless and Ana is soon silent. 
Yachialwayswasacleverone. Andthoseapprentices, verypromising. Doesntmissabeat. The old fox. Neverhas. Ahh, there he is now, must have a word. Mustnt dawdle and by the end of the conversation she is all but talking to herself. Though she still says goodbye as she leaves Ana. While Ana is no stranger to the unusual, having spent her life telling fortunes amongst a gypsy community but Psi has her bewildered. Her friend Zhani is now by Anas side.
Hi, looked like you needed some saving?
Oh, Psi, no. Shes OK, bizarre but we cant all be normal can we? 
Zhani smiles and nods as he continues, Its very tense, isnt it? Reminds me of the sacred rituals of chiefs from home. In fact, I recall a time involving a weird woman much like Psi. She was disliked by much of the tribe and one year when crops were poor she was a convenient scapegoat. 
As was our custom we went to the astra. In this way much of our village life was directed- marriages were blessed, the site of a seasons crop was determined, disputes within the village settled. 
Anas attention returns to Psi, who has moved to another quarter of the crowd. She catches Yachi and begins another verbal tirade, as she speaks concern wrinkles onto Yachis face and he places his hands upon her shoulders. He begins speaking to her and while the words are indistinguishable, Ana can see he is placating her, trying to reassure her. While both are masters of the astra, unlike Yachi and many others here, Psi is far from well rounded. She sobs now, Yachi offering her his shoulder as she tries to compose herself. Ana blushes at her nosiness and looks away, back to Zhani who continues his story.
It seemed they already made up their minds, But I was steadfast against their threats. I would not have my art misused for their petty desires. After much arguing we returned to the astra. But I was prepared this time, making a special brew and ceremony in the manner my predecessor taught so well. Methods specially devised to induce guilt, 
Out of the corner of her eye Ana notices Psi and Yachi again, while she tells herself to look away she is transfixed and can now hear their raised voices.
Other heads in the room also turn their way and noticing this, Yachi stops abruptly. He leaves Psi but not before fixing her with a final glare. What could they have possibly been talking about? It was obviously a touchy subject to cause all that commotion Ana thinks to herself.
Whats going on? Zhani asks.
Im not sure she replies and Zhani shrugs his shoulders unconcerned. She envies him, the way he can just ignore something obviously so important. He wasnt born under civilizations overbearing influence and is a truly free spirit. She thinks while he continues. Yet its funny how tales of his home, his village isolated deep in the Amazon are similar to others. She secretly wished they were different. That maybe outside civilization people could be different. She wasnt so sure, while she wished it was society rather than people that forced so much hardship upon her life and her people. It seemed that human nature no matter how it was structured was not always pleasant. 
Her thoughts are disrupted by a noisy crowd to her left. It could only mean one thing, they will soon be taken into the new realm. As she joins the fray Ana sees Psi take centre stage. Someone from the crowd sniggers, Typical, look at her- Pick me. Pick me
Its true, Ana thinks, Psi is always eager to demonstrate her considerable talents in the astra. Though she also noted no-one else is particularly keen on playing guinea-pig. While they are all excited about the new discovery, the first of its kind any of them have personally encountered, her colleagues, like her, are still apprehensive.
Yachi begins informing them of what to expect. He has been finalising the network set-up with Peta in the physical world and is now showing them the modem port they will be entering, emphasizing the physical nature of this cybernet and the stresses it places upon the planar.
Meanwhile Dean is shitting himself Geez, sounds intense, very intense. Must remember all this, God what have they said so far? Think goddammit! What was that? Ohh shit 
As Yachi continues he feels many of his colleagues minds drifting from the details as he tells them, unlike Dean many display nonchalance towards this challenge. Oh well he thinks it seems they will learn the hard way
Yachi finishes and Psi moves toward the modem. They hear Peta give the all clear and Psi disappears within. She has moved from one astral plane to the next. 
Dean continues his frantic trail of thought What if it was important. Someone has already died too. Wonder what happened to them, were the physical properties of this strange realm involved in the deaths. When he realises that Psi is about to enter the realm, he watches with interest, his worries now about to be tested. 
The other masters look from one another, their thoughts bouncing around the room. 
What is she seeing in there?
Has she entered the computer-realm now?
Their queries are soon answered by a horrible collection of shrieks and wails from the modem, where Psi disappeared just moments earlier. The masters share worried glances and the psychic link overflows with their thoughts: 
Is she OK?
Where is Yachi? 
Despite many repeated attempts no-one could reach Psi via psychic link. Things were getting desperate.
Lai moves forward through the crowd. As he reaches the modem he says Yachi, theres a problem. Im going after Psi, am I clear now?
Just a momentYep. Go ahead Peta replies.
Lai enters the cyber-realm. While the spectators murmurs add to the tense mood created by Psis shrieks. 
Whats happening in there? 
What have these computers done?
Psis wails subside and eventually cease. Lai soon comes through the psychic link,
We are now OK, I think Psi will be fine, shes just a little shocked. She will rest here and re-assess whether to return or continue later.
He continues, conferring with Yachi of the situation. While Lai was affected he is OK and wishes to investigate further. Yachi describe some of what he sees, his first viewing from within the net. 
These long round pathways, they are the cyberspheres you talk of?
They decide others, if willing, should follow but theres little positive response. The wails of Psi still ring in the heads of the masters, an uneasy silence cloaks the crowd. After a long wait Dean comes forward in nervous, uneasy lurches. The desire to test his new toy proves too much. As Yachi and Peta ready the computer Dean tries to contain his nerves. 
Come on. Youll almost make something go wrong with that shit running around your head. Youre in good hands, Yachi will look after you.
He is before the modem now. It reminds him of his youth, being trained by his father, his first introduction to the astral dimension. It was a core part of his inheritance of the family business empire. His father also had the astral talent and helped Dean develop his. Will my involvement with this new realm be as intense or as rewarding as that proved to be?
He is given the all clear by Peta and moves into the modem. As he enters he tries desperately to relax. 
His movement is slow and difficult, the sensation is horrible but he wills himself on. He can hear Yachi encourage him as the light from the narrow tunnel brightens. Yachi reminds him of the physical properties of the world he is entering as he leaves the confines of his first cybersphere and joinds Lai. 
Happy that Dean has cleared the first hurdle of the new world Yachi now speaks to Peta, Like so much involved with this new realm, Im unsure but I feel the presence occasionally, something cloaked within this new dimension but is it any stronger or more common now that we are also here within its home? Does this make any sense? 
Peta is unsure what to say, anything that comes to mind as relevant is just jargon and techy-talk, none of which gels with what Yachi said let alone his serene manner. But she doesnt know any other way to put it and after all, her technical knowledge is the only reason she is here.
She answers cautiously deliberating over each word. Sure it makes sense, at least as much sense as all this other craziness. Ultimately we just dont know, do we? Thats why we have to piece together all the info we have from both our different fieldsand what were doing here. So hopefully we can piece together all the pieces of the puzzle. She decides against mentioning the state of the art routers, servers and networks that now support them. 
Yes, I believe you are right, my young friend. I just hope that we can achieve all this before another does. For, if we do not, the consequences to the realm we have sworn to protect could be very grave
Yachi continues to think of the disturbance: Could the power responsible be shielding its own energies? Could they be in our midst now? I have known these guys forever. Surely they wouldnt, couldnt hide this from me? Yet how simple would it be? To hide, play dumb amongst this collection of novices. There is no denying they are finding it difficult and frustrating. However there could be one, playing along, lost amongst the crowd who is actually a greater power in this realm than we can presently fathom, a wealth of experience in areas which we see as clouded and unknown. Yet who could do such a thing? These people, my peers, I have known and respected for years. He knew all too well that the collective rarely agreed completely but this is to be expected from such a large, diverse group, particularly when they were brought together by something very complex which they all felt so passionately about. We have shared so much in the physical realm and here in the astra- knowledge, ideas, enthusiasm and experience, if anything Yachi was surprised they didnt clash more seriously and strongly. Surely Im jumping at shadows or could it be- Im being betrayed by one of those whom I trust most dearly. I must discuss this with Lai, the only thing i may achieve by leaving all these thoughts to buzz around my head unsaid will be a headache.
After Dean, other guardians follow, though more decide to stay. With just over half making the transiition successfully. Many are now tired and dejected, reduced to the role of spectators in the modem, the gateway into the possibilities of the Web. But those within fare little better. The exertion of this new realm and the attrition of their colleagues make their astral presences wane. 
Unlike his colleagues, Lai continues relatively untroubled in the new realm. Yachi speaks to him.
Lai, many of the others are having problems and my guidance doesnt seem to help. Do you have any advice for them
'I also feel the difficulties of this partially physical realm' Lai's thoughts come across the psychic link between the planars. focus your mind on your astral form and the electric-type shocks and resistance will become background.' 
Many of the guardians having difficulties cant be distinguished or heard over the psychic link and those who can be heard find the continual battle against these new physical parameters tiring.
Yachi does his best to placate them, while they were forewarned of the difficulties involved many cant believe they have been reduced to amateur level so readily, it's a change of status which they do not enjoy.
It gets easier with practice Yachi tells them but it all falls on deaf ears. 
After their previous technology difficulties Yachi had decided to stay with Peta, Jason and Billy in the network room. Though they were currently busy, opening modem ports, monitoring server traffic, registering the location of each specific planar and anything else Peta directed them to do, he wasnt expecting the astral guardians to have such difficulties. After all, two relative astral novices, Jason and Billy did it without such serious problems. This new realm continued to confound him.
Peta was yelling at him now with details from the server screen before, confirming there was no technical basis to the problems the guardians were experiencing. They decided to use physical speech here so that Peta could concentrate on the technology and what was happening there rather than try to teach her another new skill when so much of what they were encountering here was alien to them all. 
With Peta's confirmation Yachi returned to his psychic link with the guardians in the cyber-realm. Peta continued jumping between machines, toggling screens and typing commands while the boys continue talking about the High Council meeting although they now focus on a more typical conversation.
Anas a fox, isnt she? Billy asks his friend.
Wow, youre telling me! Do you reckon she looks that good for real or its just some astral master trick?
Mate, when youve spent as much time in the eastern suburbs as I have you can spot all the tricks and cover-ups. Sure she might have a little assistance but youve gotta have the genuine article to begin with if youre too have any hope of looking like that
Jason laughs, And here I was thinking you were just wasting your life away. Sounds like the mission statement of a purposeful life
Im so glad you noticed, beneath these rugged good looks, beyond this easy-going charm, theres a mind thats unravelling mysteries like this that have plagued mankind forever
Oh, please
Well enough about me says Billy, noticing his friends gaze drift toward Peta yet again.
Go talk to her he says. Did he not realise that she was performing the same ritual? That all he had to do was fulfil his obligation of the first move and the rest would take care of itself. It seemed Jason would never learn and he had been like that since girls entered their teenage existence. 
While Billy loved these moments, it was the major flaw of his long relationship with Nikki, it seemed Jason was doomed to fumble around with them for some time yet. 
And despite his attempts at assistance apparently there was little Billy could do. Hed tried friendly advice, embarrassment, being forceful, hints from Nikki, even live demonstrations but it was all to no avail. Jason was on his own.
Yeah, I will, what are you so pushy about? Jason replies.
What are you so blas for? Dont you like the girl?
Well, yeah. Of course.
And hows she meant to know that? With you sitting here and her over there.
Yeah, OK. Im going over.
There we go. Wasnt that hard, was it?
The most peculiar thing about this whole situation Jason thought as he moved to the network room was how its such a non-event, no dramatic arguments nor climatic love scenes. He felt strongly, yes but so confused too. This horrible, gnawing feeling shadowing every day, haunting him wherever he goes. Was it mostly due to unfulfilment? And since he saw her again it had only grown worse, filling him with self-doubt- THIS IS STUPID, I have to do something, at least bloody say something.
All the lines he had rehearsed so many times before. She was within earshot now, albeit totally focused on the computers in front of her. 
Peta, Ive-
Oh, nows not the best time.
Please let me say something first. Something I shouldve said a long time ago
They make eye contact and Jason notices her expression change, his not sure why but he now has her attention and so he continues.
The whole time we were apart I couldnt stop thinking about you. I know its stupid but since youve been back with all this crazy stuff happening I never seemed to have a chance to say what I felt or know how to say it. I wanted to plan dinner. I remembered you liked those Vietnamese spring rolls and I thought maybe we could have them and you could tell me about America and, and it just never seemed to happen. I dunno what went wrong
Bloody hell! Was that so hard! It took about thirty seconds to say and youve been thinking about it for how many weeks
I-Im sorry. Shit, Ive made such a mess of this. You must think Im a loser
No, course not, Jas. I just wish we could have had this chat earlier. Infuriating, yes but not a loser. So when are you going to make me dinner?
Ahh well, whenever you like? Tonight? Tomorrow night?
Tomorrow sounds good. At your place, Ill come around say 7?
Yeah, for sure
She leant over and pecked his cheek. Gotta go but I cant wait for tomorrow. Bye
Listening via psychic link Billy is shocked by the inability of these astral guardians, hearing one after another bumble through the new realm. Sure he and Billy had difficulties the first time but nothing like this and they had improved markedly with the handful of additional visits theyd since had. It was embarrassing to watch, if Yachi was genuinely concerned about this new realm and the power within it he surely couldnt waste too much time waiting for the guardians to acclimatise. Further investigation was required quickly and it looked like Jason and Billy were obvious choices alongside Yachi and, at best a handful of other astral guardians. While there was no doubting the ability and experience of the guardians, this different realm apparently required different skills or approaches. If they were to understand and master it those already comfortable in the cyber-realm needed to further their progress not be held up by those still coming to grips with it.
Billy sees Yachi across the room, he should approach him and now was as good a time as any but he was uneasy. He had always felt like Jasons guest rather than Yachis since he began planing. It wasnt anything in particular, Yachi had always been friendly and Jason was adamant that his doubts were unfounded but he couldnt remove them from his mind now as he approached his teacher. He thought of his recent advice to Jason about talking to Peta as he took his final few steps and spoke;
Excuse me, Yachi
Billy, yes.. just a moment please, as you know things are not going particularly well in there
Yeah, thats what I wanted to talk about actually
Ok, just let me open the server traffic window... now, what are your thoughts Yachi moved a mouse and his eyes remained on the screen, betraying the apparently interested tone Billy heard from him. 
Well, as you said things arent going great for the other guardians in the cyber-realm at the moment and I know how concerned you are about all these changes to the astra and the power involved and the dangers if this was misused and so on.. Well anyway it's obviously important that the new realm is investigated and understood quickly so it makes sense if Billy and I help you with that so no more time is wasted while the guardians get more, ah.. acclimatised here, except Lai and probably Dean and anyone else who wasnt too bad today and, of course, the others will catch up pretty quickly I guess and then they can join us too? It just seems like we could help you investigate immediately, you know? 
He sounded like such an idiot, blabbering on pointlessly, what was wrong with him? Billy thought to himself as Yachi replied;
Thank you Billy, thats something we should definitely consider  excuse me, Lai is returning to the physical realm and as you already know there is much to discuss and Yachi leaves the room abrubtly.
Billys negative thoughts continue, Yachi clearly wasnt that interested in his ideas he thought as the door closed behind his departing teacher. Peta and Jason were at the far end of the large room absorbed in their conversation, thoughts of his stupidity were now Billy's only company. What was he doing here? Running errands in the computer while those bumbling idiots blocked his path to the fantastic possibilities of the unchartered new realm. It was clear from Yachis brief response and swift escape that he wasnt interested in what Billy thought or could offer. So, why was he here? To sit in here and play with computers? No thanks, Surely Peta had some friends who would happily help if needed, if they didnt want him in the astra or the cyber-realm well fine but he wasnt gonna hang around here and get stuck with all these tedious tasks Billy thought to himself as he followed Yachi out the door and left the building.
This new astra is a grave concern, I fear it is unstable and has much further development to undergo. Yachi says to his newly returned friend. 
It's physical, non-astral characteristics make it far more draining than regular planing. Do you think this is because it involves the full engagement of both physical and astral profiles? replies Lai, Yachi nodes as his old friend continues, 
It has been centuries since a new realm was encountered. This is a great challenge to the high council I only hope we can prove to be worthy of our station and responsibilities. 
Thats true my friend and we also have the users and creators of this World Wide Web to contend with. Peta tells me that much of the worlds affairs and business is increasingly using this medium. What effect will they have upon us? Will they notice us at all? Or us them? replies Yachi.
Im impressed by these youngsters youve found. Im sure everyone will be, though some will take longer than others
Yachi chuckles, I hope you are right we will have to wait and see. He tells of Petas promise of statistical tables and reports for all planars. Says she has already set up the computer network to recognize them. Their user profiles I believe is the term she uses. 
I also feel the entity or disturbance you have spoken of in this new realm. You are right, while it is powerful it is often cloaked by this volatile new plane it inhabits. We must investigate immediately and learn if there is a great power building here and what its intentions are, how it's power has been gained; learn all we can of it Lai says.
Mmmm It seems very dangerous and will take much to master, Ive already lost one of my dearest and most talented students, I fear others will follow. However with so much power to be controlled and, of course, wielded we must make haste to assure that it doesnt fall into the wrong hands.
Most certainly 
Yachi sighs and says. Obviously there is much to be done. But now is not the time. We will return refreshed and eager tomorrow
Never a wiser word has been spoken. Until tomorrow, Peace unto you my friend
Chapter 7: And finally, some progress
Peta is almost ready. She has been for at least the last hour. She looks again at the mascara she has just applied,
Just a little more on the right- NO, that caused the problem last time, a little more here, even it up there and before long she looked like some cheap tart. She doesnt want to overdo it and come across like some tacky Barbie-doll wannabe but then she doesnt want to look average, plain. She can dress up pretty spectacularly when the occasion arises and this is definitely an occasion. Casual, well smart-casual but good  HOT, she just has to get it right. OK now what jewellery to wear with this outfit?
Shed better hurry or shell be late. Shed decided to take her car, it was quite a dilemma. After all she doesnt want Jason to assume anything. She doesnt mind spending the night but she doesnt want to seem like a done deal either! So she wont take a cab. 
Just relax and let the night take its course, she thinks with a sigh as she puts away her jewellery box. But it is no good, her mind keeps racing over the possibilities. Its time, she re-checks everything is in her purse, has a final glance in the hallway mirror to confirm the earrings were right and was out the door.


Jason looks at the table one more time, the setting is perfect, the candles make for the perfect mood and the food is on schedule. However one nagging thought persists, the wine. He still isnt sure... and yet he knows it has to be wine, the occasion demands it. But which one; white, sparkling, red and then theres cabernet, merlot, chardonnay, why does anyone ever bother with the stuff. He doesnt know who to ask either, his parents dont touch it nor does Yachi and all his mates drink is beer and the odd whiskey. 
He looks casual but still good. His shirt shows off his arms while flattening out his stomach. A hint of cologne without overdoing it. He even managed to get rid of his sisters for the night; the best twenty dollars hed spent for a while.
He had talked to Billy earlier too, he is good at this sort of stuff but it hadnt really helped. If there was a magic formula or trade secret he didnt share it.
Be yourself, the girl likes you so just relax and let things happen. Dont try to force it or use some special line or trick. Dinner, some candles, wine, its gonna work fine.' 
The doorbell rings.
Jason takes a deep breath as he reaches for the handle. He stands dumbstruck for what seems like hours- surely it is only moments- before inviting Peta in. Come on, tell her how great she looks, he thinks
Wow, you look fantastic
She absolutely beams in response, her smile making her look cuter still. How can he impress her half as much as she had already impressed him. Of course he can he thinks, nay, dictates to himself. He has planned the perfect evening; a beautiful setting, good food, even better company, it is going to be fine. He forces himself to think. He had even managed to reduce the evening's options to only two bottles of wine. The wine! 
Peta, would you like a glass of wine?
Yes, please
Ill be back in a moment and he moves into the kitchen. 
Let the lady make the final choice- OK dont dawdle in here, all the actions out there. So with a quick check of his elaborate set-up he grabs the two bottles and returns to the dining room.
She is waiting in the living room, looking as spectacular as he recalled. She flashes a smile as he approaches. It is all going smoothly.
OK, now madam to accompany your meal this evening we have a choice of two of the finest wines this country has ever produced, at least thats what the salesman told me
Oh, my. Maybe we should try both then?
What a brilliant idea. Wish I thought of it myself. Well lets start with a splash of the Merlot and then we can move onto the Sauvignon Blanc later
He pours Peta a glass and then one for himself.
A clink of glasses and he takes a sipMmm, not so bad. Peta didnt seem to mind it either.
What do you think he ventures.
Its nice
Yeah, maybe wine isnt so bad after all. I didnt know what to get and no-one I knew was much help-
You mean you dont even like wine?
Umm, well, I hadnt really tried it much. This ones pretty good
Why did you buy it?
Jason pauses for some time before responding.
Ahh, lets sit down
Ok, but why did you pick wine for tonight if you dont like it? she insists as they move towards the dining area. The apartment is open-planned but from where they stand the kitchen walls obscure the dining area. As they move forward Jasons spread comes into view. The table is set banquet style, with limes, herbs, salad, chillis, flatbread and candles while the view from the balcony overlooks the lights of the city below.
An occasion like this calls for wine Jason says
Jason, this is fantastic. You didnt have to go to this trouble.
Dont worry about that, take a seat and he moves a seat from the table. So they sit, sipping wine, looking over the city. They talk about a hundred different things; trying to make sense of the guardians and the new realm. Before moving onto their families  the quirks of those dearest to them, the frustration of younger siblings friends and embarrassing moments from their childhoods. Then Jason brings out the hot fillings; vermicelli, beef, chicken. And they eat, making the spring rolls, drinking the wine and enjoying the evening.


Honey what are you up to today? Nikki asks Billy as she pops a few things in her bag at the kitchen bench. 
Not goin anywhere he replies abruptly from the couch where he sits in his boxers, remote control in hand and eyes blankly fixed on the TV. 
Why dont you call Jas? 
She can only hear a mumbled reply.
Well Im going for a coffee with Jemma.
Mmm, have a good time, Ill be here when you get back
Honey, you cant mope around here all day. She sits upon the couch and puts her arm around him. What happened with Jas? With your planing?
He shrugs to turn from her gaze. Dont worry about it. You go have a good time with whats-her-name
But I do worry. Why wont you tell me about it? It must have been important if youre not even talking to Jas. He called again yesterday, why arent you returning his calls 
Hadnt you better go? You dont wanna keep your friend waiting and besides this is too complex to talk about with you half out the door
Her names Jemma. She replies, trying to keep her tone even. But she knows she is not entirely successful, 
Remember I was telling you about her yesterday, shes in the police force. She pauses for a response but none is forthcoming. You cant hide from this forever, what are you gonna spend the rest of your life huddled in here
Could be worse
She leaves with a slam of the door. He can be so infuriating sometimes, so stubborn. All of a sudden he doesnt want to leave the house. Just a week ago he was never here. Its very strangehe has never acted this weirdly before, at least not so much. She thinks of what he had told her; about his meditating and planing as he called it. She believed him then but now she isnt so sure. All this strange behaviourhis moodiness and now he doesnt wanna talk about it? When he first spoke of it in the park, well, shed never seen him so vocal, she couldnt have shut him up if she tried and now he is the complete opposite. What is he involved in?
She knows one thing though, she thinks as she turns onto the street where she is meeting Jemma, this whole situation could make one hell of a film. The possibilities are almost endless- a love story across dimensions, astrally heightened senses and emotions clasped as one in the passionate union of man and woman. Or an astral witness to a crime who must right an injustice- MMM should be careful, Disney had sequelled the life out of Invisible Man but anyway theres definitely some scope here. Nikki sees Jemma at a table by the window, she looks different somehow Nikki thinks as she waves, but how? Uh-huh, she isnt wearing her police uniform. 
Hi, I barely recognized you without the uniform, love your dress is it new? 
Jemma couldnt help but smile from her friends compliment; she loved wearing summery dresses whenever she could, any item as different as possible from the unflattering, cumbersome police uniform she wore every day to work. She returns the greeting and begins telling Nikki about the cute little shop she found the outfit in. She hopes they get on better this time, she really wants to be friends again with Nikki. To still be in touch with the University parties, lifestyle and mindset, far away from the world of work and office politics that is invading more and more of her time and space. 
The conversation moves to Billy and Nikkis relationship - theyd been together for three years, living together for almost six months and Jemma could tell from the sparkle in her friends eyes that she was in love. 
And soon moves on to old long-lost friends from their time together at University. Karen; a pretty girl who they both knew but neither was particularly fond of had apparently gone out with Professor Delaney for a while! It was after they had all completed the second year class he lectured, neither of them could imagine a more embarrassing scenario, he was well over forty  double her age!
Then there was Brad a hot guy from one of their first year classes apparently had some job at a big bank with a six figure salary that sent his ego on a similarly expansive trajectory. Jemma recalled that Nikki was seeing Brad briefly at some stage, maybe that influenced her opinion of him, would she have thought like that before she joined the police? Probably. Nikki, was so headstrong- it was the major cause of their last argument and her subsequent early departure but she liked Jemmas new dress and after only a few months with the police Jemma had quickly found that company who appreciated these things was all too rare. 
Nikkis voice takes on a softer, more sincere tone from talking of Brad and his ego and asks of the area where they are sitting now, the cause of their previous argument. Jemma apologises and tells her of the suspicious death and fire. How the case had been closed by her senior officers but she couldnt help look into it further and it was these details which Nikki had seen at the cafe last time. She admitted that part of the reason she had spent extra time investigating this was because she hadnt seen much else of interest in her time at the force but she genuinely didnt believe that that was the only reason this case had caught her attention.
Nikki is entranced by the story, she immediately thinks of Billy, his confession and subsequent behaviour... her mind races jumbling these new details with the files she saw and those of her boyfriend. Off on a tangent of her mind she is no longer concentrating to what Jemma is saying. Could he be caught up in some fanatical, doomsday cult bent upon his destruction. What should she do? He is in danger, this astral planing stuff is probably just part of the cults indoctrination... Her head continues along this spiral of death and destruction as she blurts out, 
Could it be a cult?
Shit, that sounds like it! Jemma responds in surprise. It matches the bizarre evidence from the forensics, the missing persons, she thinks to herself before asking her friend, Hey howd you know? 
But Nikki is still caught up in her own imagination, Peta is involved somehow, the meeting she organized for Billy, they used to catch up all the time and now Peta no longer has much time for her. Billy wont say any more of what theyre doing, and hes distant and moody all the time. He definitely has heaps less time for her now. 
Nikki? What made you think of that? Jemma asks again. The question registers with Nikki this time but she is flustered and still doesnt answer instead she gets up rushing out an apology and a goodbye. She dumps some change on the table as she gathers her bag and leaves.
Jemma fiddles with her coffee, alone at the table, her mind spinning like the coins her friend has just dumped before her. A cult she had said, it answered many of the mysteries Jemma had been struggling with here. But how had Nikki known? What else did she know? Where was she rushing off to now?
Jemma also pops some coins on the table leaving her coffee as she pursues Nikki who had just exited. Jemma continues to think of all the evidence she has in light of Nikkis Cult theory as she moves toward the door when the cashier interrupts her, inquiring what she ordered, where she sat and who had paid, Jemma explains and is soon on her way but she can't see her friend anywhere on the busy city street. She is left dodging pedestrians thinking;
'How does Nikki know more about her investigation than she does? Let alone the entire police force? She must be involved? But, how?'
'There were dozens of leasees for the building where the fire happened, no-one had looked into any of them because the fire was determined to be unsuspicious. She still had the details on file somewhere, it couldn't hurt to ask a few questions' she thought when she caught herself she was heading toward the office  and it was her day off! 'No, as interesting as Nikki's theory was it would have to wait until she was back on shift before she investigated it' she told herself as she turned around.
Her mind turned back to her friend, 'How was she involved?' 'How else could she know so much about a police matter?'


Deity races through the plane he now calls his home. He has been searching here for what seems an eternity now and hasnt found a thing that challenges him. His powers have risen and risen, now he is beyond formidable, in truth he considers himself invincible.
He is also bored. What at first seemed an endless wealth of possibilities now strikes him as a monotonous, never-ending drone of either meaningless data or naked floozies with vacant expressions and predictable poses. How does so much of the same thing keep them entertained, and amused, while there is still some interest in the beauty of the graphics, that is all. In his form such urges are only a memory.
An evolutionary relic he thinks to himself. Removed in my streamlining into a greater, omnipotent being.
He returns to his original problem: Where to now? He considers for a moment returning to his source but decides against it. Ultimately, there is no need. He needs something new, something big, something that will test him again. He wonders if anyone knows he is here, will he ever be discovered? Perhaps, he muses, this will be my goal... Achieving world-wide notoriety.
But he is interrupted, he feels a presence; a notable, even powerful presence and it seems to be getting closer. Deity is pleased. 
It seems he will be kept amused yet. And he speeds off in pursuit. 
Deity can soon make it out, another web-robot, these things are everywhere. 'What are they? What do they do?' These questions hold his attention for only a moment, ultimately these creatures are little more than a nuisance to him. He confronts the closest of his prey. It pauses to view its new company but while it processes the strange new data before it Deity acts rather than sits and stares. He loops and twists around enticing the hapless web-robot after him, as it follows it is soon knotted around itself. Now immobile it putters along in vain before falling limply, the life and substance draining from it as it drops while Deity flies away with several other web-robots in pointless pursuit. He looks back in glee at his latest handiwork and soon stops. He has only traveled a few moments, but looking back he can barely make out the web-robots trailing him. He waits curious as to what they may do. Several of them arrive and in a whirr of industrious noise they soon have him surrounded by metallic walls. He lashes out at one and it is dented and misshapen, another strike and it is destroyed.
This was getting monotonous! Deity thinks as he moves through the deformity in the barricade. Behind him a needle enters within the barricade and there is a blur of action followed by a blinding destructive flash. The hole created by Deity allows the destruction to consume the nearby traffic of web-robots and data-trails. But Deity is unaware, speeding off in the distance to continue his search for a genuine challenge to his abilities.


It really is as easy as Yachi had told them, Mruyadgi thinks as he flows along a cybersphere. Dean, who is following close behind, agrees. They think back to their first few attempts at planing in this new realm and they share a laugh at their original ineptitude and frustration. Mruyadgi still remembers how scared he was. It seems long ago rather than a little over a week but things had been happening very quickly for all the guardians lately. Dean is still a little nervous here, despite having made major improvements dealing with the various challenges of this part physical, part astral cyber-realm. That first time, it couldnt have gone much worse. Psi's screams still echoed in his mind now. The jarring of his entrance, the bizarre feeling of resistance upon the astral form there were no pleasant memories of the occasion that he can recall.
It is a peculiar sensation but then astral planing is a peculiarity in every way. Still now as he moves through the realm it gives an unusual sensation, a tingle that touches him both astrally and physically. While a vast improvement on the horrible grating sensation that coursed through him when he first attempted to enter the cyber-realm it was still notably different to what he now thought of as regular astral planing.
The same sensation was also noticed by Mruyadgi and it reminded him of another unusual astral sensation; the touch of spirits. Yet it is notably different, while he feels it, it doesnt touch his mind, connect to his soul as touching spirits, particularly those of his ancestors, does. There is no communication as he moves through these Data-trails, like touching a running machine, it may be warm but there is no life within. No response to the touch, it just keeps going, efficiently, mindlessly, coldly. As he passes another group; he gazes upon their sleek forms. This is definitely their world. The blaze trailing each individuals track burns into others, making each single unit difficult to distinguish from the group. The formation flows across him in perfect cohesion, his astral form providing no break in their path. 
Finally we are coming to grips with this new world. Mruyadgi thinks to himself. The process was quite humbling especially relative to the expertise of Yachi and Peta. There is no denying the guardians had disapproved of the collaboration initially. After all, the girl had no knowledge or gift of the astra. However seeing the partnership she formed with Yachi had caused them to begrudgingly accept the girl. She is definitely knowledgeable of this bizarre internet and the computers that accessed it. 
The team of them almost think as one as they explore the new world, Peta at her computer screen, Yachi as an astral projection. But most impressive are the tricks that Peta and her computer allow the two of them to perform. Yachi is constantly telling them that in time they will also be capable of such things but Mruyadgi isnt so sure. The two of them are brilliant and while his own performance has improved he is still way out of their league.
Did you hear that?
What?
Something bursts through the cybersphere, gouging out a great hole barely a body length from them. They freeze with shock. 
What in the world was that? 
It happened so quickly, all they could really register was a large, bright form moving very rapidly. The confidence of their auras shrink and they fade to a pale blue. The two guardians cant help but notice the change in each other, compounding the impact. Once more it is clear that they are in an alien world.
Dean & Mruyadgi share their thoughts, steeling themselves to focus on their response; their actions, rather than dwell on their fears. This was a critical part of mastering astral planning but focusing of the mind was a challenge they had conquered decades ago as they progressed toward their roles of astral guardians. Astral planning was now so familiar to them both that it required almost no thought or focus , moving through the astral planes was a habit, their actions and thoughts instinctive and responses immediate; so that the challenges and tasks involved were barely noted.
We should
Right
While neither had met such a challenge for some time they both automatically knew how to approach it. What they had once been taught and had more recently passed on to others in their role as astral guardians was once more being put into use. 
Retaining their focus and clearing their mind of fear, they move towards the damage hesitantly, neither wishing to edge ahead of the other. They reach it and peer beyond, there is nothing peculiar out there, cyberspheres stretch far beyond them, cascading down from above, contorting in and around them. They move closer but still nothing, their astral forms now protrude out of the cybersphere but there is no sign of anything strange, whatever is responsible for this damage has seemingly disappeared.
Whoosh with a great shudder the sphere which supports them flips and contorts, Mruyadgi is thrown out of the hole in the cybersphere. He clings to the edge for dear life, Dean, still within but totally disorientated, notices a glow coming from down the sphere to his left, he scrambles away desperately. Doubt and fear invade his mind again, his earlier focus washed away in a few terrifying moments. Dean's aura pales further to to be translucent and colourless as the glow in the sphere becomes brighter, its source surely coming closer.
Mruyadgi comes to grips with his situation, realising he doesnt need to cling to the cybersphere, he simply planes back within but his movements are cumbersome; more fitting of a newly born animal finding its feet than a master of the astral realm. 
But still he progress back to Dean, who is also trying to deal with their situation and keep a lid on the panic building within.
They desperately clutch at the first psychic link they find, assuming, hoping its from one of their colleagues 
HELP US, YACHI, PETA, ANYONE, GET US OUT OF HERE
The message is the astral equivalent of a scream, indecipherable jibberish to some of the astral guardians let alone the teams technical whiz, Peta, the most likely to help them escape their dilemma. They had forgotten the emergency procedures all the guardians had agreed on when they began planing in this strange new realm and had reverted back to astral communication which Peta or the newer planars would not always receive or understand.
But this remains far from their minds as they wait for a response. The two guardians huddle together near the damaged pathway, receiving only silence from their plea. They know that they cant outrun nor out power the approaching being, the glow from it becomes brighter still. Surely it would come into sight soon. Their fears and feelings of helplessness are confirmed as it does. It can only be described as a great beast, much larger than either of them, its aura far deeper, stronger. It looks like neither the robots of this world nor the astral guardians but it was familiar, having similarities of both. An amalgam of these two powers, two worlds; creating a juggernaut far greater than either of them. Energy pulses so fiercely toward them that the cybersphere vibrates. They see its aura become a bright, deep blue; enjoyment. And they feel the first waves of communication from the creature, A slow snigger that deepens into a chuckle of contempt. It raises one of its forelimbs and extends it toward them, grabbing hold of both of their astral forms which mould readily to its grasp and with a final laugh it bursts through the gash in the cybersphere wall and into the unknown. The two guardians are flung from their feet, they bounce off walls, cyberspheres and datatrails as they are haphazardly dragged through the free space of the cyber-realm by this evil beast. Twisting and turning they catch glimpses of their abductor leading them in a helpless tumble. Could Peta & Yachi even find them now or have they been broken by this beast? Is their fate now solely in the hands of this monster. 
PETA, HELP! GET US OUTTA HERE they wail across the psychic link once more but there is still no reply, there is no rescue.
And only moments before he was bored with his new world Deity thinks. These new creatures are just another part of this realm that he will learn of and dominate. They are very different to anything else he has previously encountered, in fact they seem much more like him. He looks back at them as they bundle along behind him. He drags them within a net-hub and pulls one to his right and the other to his left. If they are resisting he cant notice, he directs and they follow helplessly. He continues rotating their forms around him in the net-hub. The blue of his aura becomes brighter still as he admires his prey; swinging like a manic roller coaster around him. Rising and falling at his guidance, unable to resist his manipulations.
They may be a little similar to him but they hold one thing in common with all else in the realm, he is their superior he thinks to himself. Are they planars from the astral world or inhabitants of the internet. Unlike other creatures I have encountered here these seem to be borne of human beings rather than the robots of this cyber-world. Are there many more like them?
Who are they? A challenger, another seeking to make this their dominion?
Suddenly faces and people flash through his mind; Deity recognizes those in the images, They seem strange to him now, shadows from another dimension, his past life, the momentum of his victims fades, they are closer to him and their rotation around him is slower and inconsistent. But Deity is unaware and his grip loosens, his attention is absorbed by the faces. 
They feel distant but he knows they are from his recent past, in fact, the people are probably still alive, inhabiting the world he left behind. While the memories triggered by these invasive images are familiar and recent he wills them not to be and to a degree it works, his attention returns to the present. He notices his swinging has weakened and his victims are moving well off course. He corrects himself but the momentum of the two guardians soon dips again as his grip slackens, he ponders the images he recently saw. He can almost convince himself that these memories arent his but those of another being but he cant deny the distraction they caused him. 	While this was only for a few moments it had a far greater impact upon him than anything he has encountered here, in his new home and this is a concern. He looks again at the two beings he holds, his new discoveries had initially excited him but already he hopes to find others worthy of his status, creatures of consequence. But this last development... maybe it is his greatest threat, one from within.
Deitys train of thought, is abruptly disturbed as something bowls him over- his new prey! They disappear as he is flung to the side. Momentarily disorientated he quickly recovers, glimpsing them flying away from where they were resting motionless only seconds earlier. Already they are disappearing from the net-hub and out of view. The two astral-like beings vanish and he finds himself alone again. 
He searches in vain outside the net-hub. Moving uncertainly to one direction where he views countless possibilities; cyberspheres, datatrails and other cyber- creatures moving busily. But there is no sight of the two victims which seemed so helplessly his only moments before. They are now gone, lost in the anonymity of this maze.
What the  he begins a stream of obscenities and slams a nearby cybersphere. He realizes a valuable opportunity has gone begging.
How did they escape from him so suddenly, they were powerless and under his complete control, how did these same creatures speed past him and burst from his clutches... and what were the images that flashed across his mind to distraction him only moments earlier and how could he control or stop such things.
Here we go, the Evac seems to be working now! says Peta
Thank god says Yachi, who stands amongst a crowd all peering over Peta's shoulders at one of the new computers that Dean had provided for them. They could be felt on the psychic link, eagerly consuming every thought and development.
What do you think was the problem?
Not sure, for some reason the the Evac procedure was disabled but Ive no idea how or why? The problem seems to have passed though, Dean and Mruyadgi should be back soon
I just hope theyre ok?
Should be any second now
Excellent Yachi mutters distractedly as he looks at their lifeless bodies. Mruyadgis dark skin is pale, his face stone-like. 
The two bodies twitch as the two planars return, Holy Shit, is it gone? their voices are loud and panicked,
Please... IS IT GONE?
Its OK, youre fine here. I promise you, please relax. Sorry about the delay, Peta was unable to use the Evac, when we first noticed you were in trouble. Can you tell us what happened? Yachi asks both physically and over the psychic link, to ensure the two planars hear him.
We were attacked, by a great beast far more powerful than any of us, even you. We were at its mercy, helpless as it toyed with us, laughing as it threw us around. Dean says to the group, which had now moved from Peta and the PC to be huddled around him and Mruyadgi.
It grabbed us and flung us around. I thought we were doomed and then it disappeared just like that! I guess thats when the Evac arrived. Thank God, Im sure it would have come backJesus we were lucky. He continues.
Peta what do you make of all this? Yachi asks Peta.
Ahh, Im not entirely sure, it makes sense I guess. Fits in with what little I saw from here. But other than that I dunno what to make of it. This is all a bit too trippy for me, I just look after the computers remember? she responds.
Now that you two are safe you should both try and get some rest. I think we should call all the other guardians in too. This is enough excitement for one day but leave that to me, you two go and relax Yachi says to them.
No arguments here agrees Dean and Mruyadgi, who has barely spoken, nods in agreement.
Peta could we try some of those reports you were talking of? Hopefully we can create a better picture of what happened Yachi asks their technical whiz.
 Youve read my mind, theyre being done right now
 Thank you, perhaps after they rest we can learn more details from them but right now I think it best if we leave them be
The crowd disperses, guardians busy themselves helping their recently returned colleagues or, under Peta and Yachi's directions, calling the handful of guardians still planing back to the physical world. The guardians want to ensure that such things dont happen again and a task, no matter how trivial, distracts them from the horrors of what has occurred. Many of them are visibly flustered, and even simple tasks take plenty of time as the guardians get in each others way rather than work together effectively.
Chapter 8: The Source
'That's 2.80 thanks'
'Geez I'd love to fuck her' Billy thinks as he hands over some change.
'Just smile. Don't show her what you're thinking' he tells himself, making eye contact during the exchange and, of course, putting on a big smile. He notices the look from the waitress lasts much longer than it needs to and he grins with satisfaction as he leaves with his daily coffee. He only ever came to this cafe occasionally, and more importantly, he never came here with Nikki. In fact he never went to the same cafe more than once a week for his regular coffees, there were so many cafes and that meant there were so many waitresses. But he will probably return here this week he thinks admiring her figure as she walks away, she was hot! And there is definitely a lead there. A girl like that undoubtedly has a guy, a date, maybe even a boyfriend but judging by the look she just gave him it seems the chump wasn't taking care of business and that suited Billy just fine.
Sure he feels bad for Nikki but ultimately he just enjoys the chase too much and few things can match that moment when a beautiful stranger's eyes linger on you a moment longer than they need to. Not to mention all the tantalising possibilities racing through his mind right now and after all he is careful, Nikki hasn't found out yet and he intends to keep it that way. While he knows it sounds a little hypocritical he is adamant that the last thing he wants to do is hurt her so he is very careful and plans things with a lot of caution which has resulted in several successes. He knows Nikki loves him and his adamant that he loves her, just not monogamously. That's why he was so careful that she never found out. If he couldn't stop this for Nikki he couldn't stop it for anyone. Maybe he'd grow out of it, he hoped so but for now, as a young guy in a big city he didn't think it was possible to only have sex with just one girl, it inevitably got boring or mundane. Nikki meant the world to him but the simple fact was nothing compared to fucking a new girl. Plenty of his mates were the same, in fact the only ones who weren't were basically those who couldn't. Guys like Jas he thinks with a smirk, remembering the recent episode between Jason and Peta, his friend always froze around a pretty girl. His cheery personality disintegrating to mumbled words and forced laughs.
Billy, however, loved the thrill of the chase. A glance becoming a smile becoming a touch and so on. It was one of the few things the two of them didn't relate on very strongly. His 'sidelines' with Nikki, for instance, he had chosen not to mention them to Jas, it seemed an unnecessary risk and like he said, he was careful. He had other friends with whom he traded such stories or boasts and he definitely enjoyed these meetings but he never really talked of them with Jas, even when he was younger and there was no Nikki involved. Of course he hasn't spoken to Jas for about two weeks now, he wonders what is happening with Peta? The last time he saw Jas he was talking to her, though bumbling would probably be a more accurate description of what his friend was doing. He can't understand how he made something so simple so difficult; girl likes boy, boy likes girl and you join the dots from there.
So what was he going to do now? He thought to himself as he continued walking. Nothing really appealed. There were things he had to do but they could easily be put off. Not that it mattered much, he hadn't planned on doing much today anyway - mission accomplished. A voice in his head was telling him to return to the cafe and see the waitress but his previous experience told him he should wait a day or two, no more but also no less, maybe this time tomorrow, who knows he might even catch her at the end of her shift he thought as he continued his aimless stroll.


His recent encounter weighed heavily upon Deitys mind. Who were they? Where were they linked to? He couldnt stop ruing this missed opportunity. These creatures which seemed more like him and less like the robots of this world, are an unknown. It is critical he learn all there is to know of them. The frustration drains him. He knows where he must go. His source, he can feel its presence regardless of his position. As his strength ebbs and his astral senses grow weary it pulls him near to replenish that which is sapped. It is time.
He moves to it now, drawn by its calling, the feeling becomes stronger as he gets closer. 
The site is strangely vacant, nothing but a collection of voyeurs, links from distant web surfers. They are here in the shadows; searching, interacting, lending a slight yet distinct desperation to the place, their place. These weak, ill-defined presences are tentative at first but soon spew forth stream after stream of useless information. 
He is psychically linked to this, Deity goes within and moves to the heart of the gathering, many of the eager participants flock to his powerful presence. As he does so something changes in the site, it bursts to life with a great glow of energy to greet him. Soothing Deitys form, removing the aches and niggles of this physical world, which has only recently begun to morph into the astral. He relaxes amidst this power as it refreshes and strengthens him. He knows it is now time for the next step and he psychically links to and quickly overpowers the websurfers who have flocked to him,
Ahh yes! 
That all-conquering feeling, Coming to psychically control them. He draws upon all of their available energy. The glow of the site dims considerably while Deitys aura - which already seemed so bright, especially relative to the other shadowy inhabitants- pulses brighter still. His form enlarges and almost seems aflame so powerful is its glow.
..Bliss.. Deity thinks as he locks the desperate yearning beings, rebuilding the parasitic suction which allows their energy to culminate into his ever-increasing power. Deity continues to sap the meek, servile beings present. Both they and the site return to their dull, empty state. They seem powerless, trapped here, unable to stop bending to Deitys will. Minions to this dark, all-encompassing force. There was nothing for him here any longer and he departs swiftly; bigger, bolder and brasher than when he had arrived.


'No wonder hes acting so strangely. Everything Jemma just told me points to a cult, including her reaction! How else can I explain his behaviour; the mood swings, the bizarre confession, the falling out with his best friend. Though Jason is probably still involved.' Nikki thinks as she paces away from her meeting place with Jemma.
'I need to find out what is happening? I'm not going to lose him to some whacko cult of nutjobs!' She stops for a moment, she wasn't actually going anywhere she just knew she had to get out of there to try and come to grips with what she had just discovered. Even though she was the one who voiced the idea she couldn't, or didn't want to comprehend exactly what it meant. Billy, her Billy was caught up in some horrible cult and people are being murdered.. what can I do?'
What was she doing now? She couldn't stay here in the middle of the sidewalk, her shift at the cafe didn't start for hours and Billy would probably still be at home, she didn't want to see him at least not right now. She needed some peace and quiet to think all this over, what the hell was she going to do? Victoria Park was nearby, she could go there and try to make sense of all this and get out of everyone's way she thought as another haughty pedestrian elbowed past. She crossed the road toward the park, still in a state of disbelief; everything from Billy's behaviour to Police investigation was pointing to him being wrapped up in some bizarre and apparently deadly cult! What was she going to do? 
Could she follow Billy? First he'd have to leave the house again and then she'd need to disguise herself and catch up to his trail without being recognized or conspicuous No, that wasn't going to work.' She thought as she arrived in the park and took a grassy spot in the sun. 
She could confront Billy, though in his current mood that probably wouldn't get her anywhere. Why wouldn't he confide in her? Couldn't he see she was just trying to help? After so many years together didn't he see them as a team? And realise that he's problems were her problems too?
This whole drama made her doubt how well she actually knew Billy... This was hardly the first time he had become sulky seemingly overnight and she had long tried to placate his stubborn streak. Early on in their relationship, when they were getting to know each others habits and lifestyles, she had told herself it was well worth dealing with his stubbornness for the kindness and love that he showed her and the way it made her feel to be with him. Looking at her current predicament, maybe she had been wrong? While she hated the idea of being that type of girlfriend who tries to change and manipulate their man maybe she had been too easy on him... Oh, why did all this have to happen? Why couldn't things be like they were a few weeks ago when they were sitting in a park together happily and he was confiding in her about this astral planing, she let out a sigh of exhaustion and frustration. 
What could she do now? Confronting Billy would probably make him even more distant so that wasn't an option and trailing him simply wouldn't work. So what else could she do now? Because she couldn't just sit back helplessly and let this happen. She could catch up with Peta! She was involved in all of this somehow and Nikki knew her better than Billy and Jason, well differently to Jason she thought with what was almost a smile. She was starting to feel a little better already, well at least not so helpless. She would try to find out more of all this 'cult' madness from Peta. Because if Billy wasn't telling her anything, she doubted she would get anything from Jas and that left Peta, who she thought of more as her friend than Billy's, at least she had thought so before all this craziness started, now she was less certain. Regardless, she was her best chance to find out more. 
But what if that didn't work? If Billy could be indoctrinated to keep things from her by this cult then surely Peta could too. Maybe there was another way? There was so much that she didn't know about here. It definitely made sense not to put all her eggs in a single basket; so if talking to Peta didn't reveal much she had another chance, another hope, something to distract her from the inevitable frustration at being so hopeless against this danger threatening the man she loved.
How else could she uncover these secrets? There was every chance Peta would not tell her. Maybe Billy would come around, return to the lovely, beautiful boyfriend she remembered so fondly and so recently. He had had similar moments before and they had been temporary and previously she thought she would just let him sulk a little, give him some space and get over it but that was before Jemma and her agreed that there was a murdering, mind-control cult involved! What if they were involved in his recent mood and he was going to be like this for weeks or months? For one, she didn't know if she could bear it but then she couldn't imagine breaking up with her Billy. She clearly had to do something and talking to Peta was a start but only a start. She would have to talk to Jemma again but who knew how that would go? Trying to share a coffee after years apart and Nikki flees after a few minutes! What must Jemma think of me! And while she knew she had good reason for her behaviour she could hardly share it with Jemma, or expect her to keep it to herself. Jemma was in the police and Nikki would be telling her that her Billy was involved with the murderous cult she was investigating. 
She would have to work out what she would tell Jemma to explain her behaviour later. She needed to think of another way to unravel this mystery and save Billy, but how? What did she know? Ultimately, not much. A few details from Jemma's police file and a brief, though surprising conversation with Billy about astral planing. But there must be something there.. Hang on! Billy had compared astral planing to meditation, she even recalled this was a critical part of the process. She could start meditating! That would help her understand what they were involved with and once she got the hang of it she could ask Billy for assistance and get more involved and hopefully save him from this horrible mess! She would have to move quickly and get good at it quickly but this way she could have a basic understanding and get involved rahter than hope someone stops to tell her while she watches from the sideline. She would still keep a close eye on Billy and catch up with Peta and try to explain to Jemma but meditating and then astral planing was an even better way of uncovering the secret double life of her boyfriend. It wouldn't be easy; she needed to continue studying and work and maintain a regular social life and have time for Billy as well as meditating but she would have to fit in all in somehow, she had to. She searched the contacts in her phone for Peta's number so she could arrange to catch up, brushing the grass from her skirt as she got up and made her way home. Maybe Billy wouldn't be home right now and even if he was he was probably still sulking; giving her a brief opportunity to start trying this meditation thing before her shift at the cafe started. She had a lot to do if she was going to uncover Billy's bizarre astral cult and not much time to do it in she thought as she paced across the park toward her apartment.


Lai, Achachak, Zhani and Ana watch as two more of their colleagues disappear through the modem port. Most of the guardians have returned and only these four remain in the cyber-realm after Dean and Mruyadgis recent encounter.
Im sure the problem is no great concern or danger, this is probably more a precautionary move than anything Lai says to his colleagues across their psychic link.
Achachak is not convinced, he has never been at ease in this realm and he certainly isnt now. They know something has happened from Peta's warning but what? The imagination can be a horrible thing sometimes. Ana and Zhani share a worried glance however it vanishes when the lights of two more modems fade, signifying they are empty.
At last! Safety! thinks Ana, who is next in line with Lai. The red tinge of her astral form, caused by the worry of this situation, diminishes upon seeing the modem become available for them.
Noting the unease of his colleagues Lai offers the next port to them and they begin the uneasy process of working out who wants to leave the most. The four planars are discussing these options next to the ports when from nowhere gigantic metallic jaws enclose them, in an instant they are surrounded with daunting, thick walls and engulfed into darkness aside from the red glow of worry and fear on their astral profiles. 
Zhani and Achachak bash against barricade with all the force of their astral forms but to no avail. Meanwhile Ana has found the two modem ports. Theyre caught by the jaws of the walls enclosing them but the terminal ends have squeezed inside. They wriggle and writh in her hands. 
Lai, look I have the two modems, 
They sense movement above them, a mechanical whirr made more ominous by their cramped dark surrounds, which prevents them from clearly seeing what is creating the noise and has joined them in their ?confined cell?. 
The planars instinctively look to Lai, who seems just as worried and helpless as they are. The noise above changes, they look to it. At first there seems to be nothing above until a faint pinprick of light appears. It is soon brighter and accompanied by a sharp, needle-like appendage which creeps within along with the sliver of light. The ominous sound even more discomforting now they can see its source.
Lai reacts grabbing the two nearest to the modem, Ana and Zhani and shoves them within it. The modems continue wriggling making the tight fit even more difficult but with Achachaks help Lai manages to make Ana and Zhani disappear. The intrusive needle continues to whirr above them, while the two guardians in the modem ports still appear stuck, have they made it back to base? Lai wonders but only for a moment, he and Achachak have concerns of their own. His fellow guardian has begun struggling with the walls that have entrapped them. 
Achachak, STOP! Take this pose it is our only hope Lai says and his humanoid astral form unravels and forms a tightly coiled ball of energy. The needle is no longer moving inward but is now flashing it seems it will take action any second though what it will do and how it will affect the two trapped guardians was still unknown.
Hurry resonates in Achachak's mind and he does the same. But his form is looser, an ungainly ball of string to Lais sphere of perfection. A huge blast of energy emits from the needle and fills the room. Blinding light and agonizing pain consume them. Moans and screams escape as their senses are flooded. The physical element of the realm is brought home as pain burns upon every tissue and limb, the combination of the physical and astral debilitating to their very core, their mind and spirit are tweaked from their lifeforce.
The needle leaves and the barricade dismantles. Little evidence of the two planars remains. This place has been laid to waste, devoid of light, of movement, of life. Even the robotic datatrails steer clear, these lifeless droids seemingly driven away from such destruction by what we would term instinct. 
Through the dimness something stirs. Faint at first it grows stronger and then can be seen at the barren scene. Its a web-robot and it has been sent by Peta, arriving outside the port where the attack took place, it is followed by a similar web-robot for Yachi and some others. 
They find nothing, a depressing void of noise and activity all the more disconcerting because it was so recently buzzing with motion and industry. The barricades that Ana told them of
are gone. All that remains is a blackened sphere, throbbing erratically and a small pile of detritus.
Yachi speaks Peta, give me an empty modem port, we must get all that remains back with us, What can you see?
MMM, Not sure. There, well, there seems to be nothing here. None of the structures that house the internet are discernible. What you call cyberspheres and web-hubs. Theres no traffic or Datatrails. Nothing
What of Lai and Achachak?
Their connections to our network were lost and once thats cut off we can get little or no information of them directly
Yet another thing that Yachi didn't know of or understand in this cyber-realm. Moments earlier when it seemed all the guardians would return without any more problems he had been asking question after question to Peta trying to grasp the essence of this internet that was now intertwined with the astra, but so far it was all in vain. And without this basis he had little hope to understand how all these interconnected computers from all corners of the world link to the new astral realm developing before them. While he could see that this mesh of communication lines was becoming, or in fact already was, an astral realm. He could not comprehend how this came to be?
The modem ports arrive back in the network room and Peta downloads all that was left of their companions. They were now just one of countless files on a network server. It was sickening to think that their strong, ever-reliable leader had been reduced to this though Peta demonstrated that there was even less hope for Achachak. The size of his file was apparently significantly smaller than Lai's. 
Yachi had to tell the other guardians and particularly members of the high council what they had done with the remnants of their colleagues and then they would need to discuss what to do next. But first he had to try to understand what all this meant, 
He stares at the PC screen and the two unremarkable lines which now represented all that remained of the two guardians, two of his dearest and eldest friends. Clearly this would take some explaining. This was all that remained of their astral forms, of their life-force. Achachak's was clearly not complete as it was much smaller than Lai's but what did that mean? Could it still function in some way if it was returned to his body on the other side of the world? Could his physical body be reunited with this file on the computer before him? It seemed a problem far removed from the astral world they were familiar with yet that is what led them to this predicament. 
Undoubtedly, many of his colleagues would be wondering as Yachi did now; what were they involved in here? What was attacking them? And no answers were forthcoming, in fact wherever they looked whether in this network room, in the cyber-realm, in the fate of their recently attacked friends, there were only more unanswered questions.
Yachi's train of thought was distracted by a psychic link attempting to engage his mind. The force of the link confirmed his first intuition that it was the high council. They would have many questions for him and while he was sure he would only have a few answers there would still be much of this unbelievable situation to discuss. What were they to do? How would they lead the rest of the guardians? And they had to decide quickly as things were getting more and more critical.
Chapter 9: Stave's funeral
Jemma cant stop thinking about the bizarre circumstances surrounding the fire and death that, according to Nikki, was due to a cult. From what she learnt in the academy its all circumstantial evidence. Her mentor, Coops has barely looked at the file and whatever she thought of him personally he did have twenty years experience on the force. Besides every closed case is checked by other officers, superiors even, and they have had no problem with the conclusion of unsuspicious circumstances. But its too much to be labelled a coincidence, especially Nikkis reaction- what did she know that made her think of a cult? She has lived in the area for years and knew plenty of things happening on the streets that the police would be oblivious too. Jemma needed to talk to her, possibly even get help from someone else on the force but that would have to wait, today was the Giokos funeral. She still felt uneasy snooping around a funeral, especially when she has met the parents and they were so lovely to her. 
She thinks back to her visit to their humble home. How welcoming the stout elderly Mrs. Giokos had been, happy to revisit the details of her only sons death, to answer Jemma's queries even though it brought her to tears. Mr. Giokos, who had been sitting quietly in another room was soon there consoling his wife. They continued to help her with her enquiries and were soon forcing some delicious biscuits onto her. 
In fact after her visit she was going to stop investigating the case. They were simple, honest people; so sweet and helpful. It wasnt until she met up with Nikki that her curiosity returned and she was soon making plans for the funeral.
She was almost at her stop, Croydon station. She saw plenty of simple red brick homes built decades ago, just like the Giokos. A regular working class suburb she thinks as she gets off the train. According to the Gregorys the cemetery isnt far. Doubt and guilt bubble back to the surface of her mind as she hails a cab; this is such a horrible thing to happen and I want to go and pry. But I have to get to the bottom of this and Ive nowhere else to look, no other leads. I am a police officer after all, this is what were supposed to do, isnt it?
She recites her plan again, for distraction as much as anything else. Lie low, observe from a distance. Of course she isnt too sure what to look for really. Cult members probably dont go to the funerals of ex-members, she thinks, theyd steer well clear of grieving families, wouldnt they? She will find out soon enough, shed made up her mind. This is her best lead and shes going to follow it, leave no stone unturnedIf she knew what to expect here, there wouldnt be a case to solve, would there?
The cab pulls over and she reaches for her purse before pausing and directing the cabbie further along to a crowd of people. She pays and quickly exits, moving toward the crowd. She is immediately glad she chose a black dress and glasses, anything else would have been much less discreet. She moves as casually as she can to the back of the crowd. A glance across some teary, sobbing faces reminds her she has brought a silk handkerchief. She uses it to cover her face like many of the other women here. A perfect disguise she thinks, impressed with her foresight. The crowd moves forward. Jemma is careful to stay at the fringes, moving to the left. Everyone moves forward, probably paying their respects to Mr. & Mrs. Giokos, a scene she had best avoid.
She surveys the crowd again, nothing at all suspicious. Lots of olive skin and dark hair- no doubt relatives, a few 'more anglo' looking faces, mostly in their late twenties, probably Stavos friends.
What a shame. Such a fine young man 
Jemma is embraced by a bear of a man. He seems to be Greek, in his forties and judging by his dismay-
My cousin, was such a good boy. How could this happen to him. Itsa no right.
An elderly woman comes up to them now, wailing into her hanky.
Yaya, please come here, you come cry with Jimmy andwhats your name madam?
Jemma, I- uh
Come here Yaya
Shit this is TOO close, Jemma thinks as Jimmy includes Yaya in his embrace. What should she say?a school friend- what if he went to an all boys school or Jimmy knows his school friends? An old girlfriend- would that do? She had lost contact recently but when she heard the news she came to say goodbye. Cant believe I hadnt prepared for this she thinks to herself under Jimmy's bear-hug.
Jimmy and Yaya are having a family moment. So Jemma continues surveying the crowd while still part of the embrace, it isnt working too well but she tries to focus on the crowd. Again she cant see anything suspicious, she has moved closer to the centre of the crowd but between Jimmy, Yaya and her hanky she has ample cover.
Through the crowd she sees something that causes her to double-take. Her view is now obscured but she is sure she has just seen an Asian face. From what she recalled the Giokos werent overly fond of Stavos yoga or Asians;
'We want a quiet respectable home, you know? I can't believe this happened to our boy. Those bloody Asians. I told the boy it was no good but he no listen to me no more and looka where it get him.'
The face seemed young and heavy-set, he also seemed to be on the edge of the crowd and from Jemma's brief glimpse he appeared awkward. She excuses herself from Jimmy, who promises to talk later, for a better viewpoint. Her mind races, this could be the link to Chinatown, to the yoga school; to the cult. 
I knew there was something weird about the fire, the death, all of this Jemma thinks to herself triumphantly. 
She forces herself to move slowly through the crowd, trying not to stare in the suspect's direction- but she has sunnies on, relax, calm down she tells herself. She can see him again, he is a big guy, probably early twenties, beside him is an older male, also Asian with a beard and a taut figure an unusual match to his fifty year old features. She loses them behind the crowd again. There seems to be others in their group as well but she can only view them partially from behind.
Jemma remains where she is, out of view as she contemplates her next move. A girl in their group turns slightly and Jemma carefully moves through the crowd to her right for a better view. 
Is it... No, its Nikki!
Jemma ducks on impulse, I cant believe it she thinks as she returns to her regular stance as casually as possible, she doesnt check if the nearby crowd has noticed her unusual movements, she is transfixed on Nikki. She is fairly certain that it is her friend about fifty metres away in the crowd. Although she has now turned out of Jemmas view the young policewoman can clearly see the angled facial features and profile and it resembles those of the young woman she recently had a coffee with.
She decides to remain still so as to not draw more attention to herself after her previous awkward movements. The group remains either out of sight or facing away from her but she notices the attention they are getting. Some funeral guests stare in their direction maliciously occasionally gesturing and whispering amongst themselves. The site of Staves death is well known and the two Asian faces are not welcome by many mourners at this Greek funeral.
Jemma catches another glimpse of the girl and she is certain its Nikki. She has her arm around a tall, well-built guy with dark hair. It must be her boyfriend, Billy who she spoke of regularly and fondly when they had met.
'How does all of this fit together? Are Nikki and her boyfriend somehow involved in a mysterious cult too? How much do they know about the death, or murder? And who are the two Asians with them?' Jemma's mind races over what she has just seen. 
'This is all too crazy and me being here is too risky, I cant let Nikki see me.'
Jemma begins to move out of the crowd as the hearse approaches. Everyone moves forward and strains for a better view, while it makes her passage more difficult it provides a perfect distraction as she exits. 
As Yachi watches the pallbearers move the casket from the hearse and through the crowd he thinks of all the destruction he has seen in his time and here he is, it's happening again. Like many of his students Stave was like the child he had never had. He thought back to Julie. The only time he had ever come close to a family, their wonderful time together. The unease that crept up on him, their different expectations from life. It was a horrible realisation, that his life was so tightly entwined to duty, to the memory of those before him, to the astra. There was little room for anything else, certainly not a wife. He could not place that before his wife- without that devotion he could take no wife. It would not be fair on any involved.
So he broke it off. He had tried to explain but he still recalled the look in her eyes during the conversation, she did not accept what he was telling her, that it was over. And who could blame her, he spoke of commitment and astral realms in the same sentence, of obligations to unseen colleagues the other side of the world. She knew nothing of any of this and saw it as an obscure excuse that had little to do with her world and what they had shared together. Like him she knew their relationship was meaningful and was held dearly by them both but unfortunately for Yachi this was the problem and the reason it couldn't continue.
Initially Julie continued to see him, she couldnt understand the extent of his dedication. Part of the attraction was probably his mysterious ways. But they were of two different worlds- worlds that could not meld as one. Slowly it became evident to her as the time he spent in the astra grew and grew. With his aid she could also plane but her talent never developed enough for her to plane solo, without him. In time, she grew bored of it and soon became jealous of his infatuation, then she became despondent as she realised that what he warned her of was coming true. He has not seen nor heard of her since.
He looks over to Jason & Peta, Billy & Nikki, he is happy to see them having more fortune coupling than he had. He also sees the boys talking, I wonder how Jason goes talking to Billy, hopefully he can convince him to assist us once more. Before Billy's hurried departure from the guardians at their network room he and Jason spoke every other day but since Jason had not spoken or seen his old friend. Maybe he had been to abrupt with him that day, Yachi thinks, so much was happening at the time that he had not actually noticed for some time. Hopefully Jason can patch things up, the guardians need all the help we can get and Billy is a capable planar particularly in the cyber-realm. Although, Yachi thinks as he looks around his sombre setting, he does remind me a little of Stave and look how that ended. 
Gday mate Jason greets Billy as Nikki and Peta begin to talk about their outfits. Jason and Peta still held hands and he could tell that she liked it, he couldn't stop the grin from spreading across his face. She had grabbed his hand and kept holding it in front of all these people, despite the fact they were in different conversations and, he noted with a glance toward her, they faced away from each other and needed their arms to be outstretched. 
Hey is Billy's brief response. Jason had dealt with Billy behaving like this countless times before but rarely had it be so important that he help his friend move past his bad mood and do so quickly. While Jason had been having the time of his life over the past week re-uniting with Peta, for Billy, Yachi and the guardians the last week had been miserable.
So whats the deal? Have your arms been broken? Cant use the phone? he replied to his friend, continuing to grin. 
Something like that
Geez, they seemed to have healed pretty quickly- Whats your secret?
Lay off. I was gonna call but when I felt like it. I wouldnt have been much company anyway
So Nikki told me, I dunno what was worse your form or her begging me to do something. Poor girl, she mustnt realise youre not worth worrying about
Billy lets out of a laugh almost in spite of himself. Jason was working through his tough guy demeanour in a few moments. That was probably why I didnt want to see him Billy thought, while others had tried to cheer him up they hadnt come close whereas Jason took a few minutes and he was laughing.
So youre done playing primadonna? You know Yachi and I could use your help? Jason asks his friend.
So now he wants my help does he? I thought we werent good enough. Billy replies.
Some serious shits happened, Billy. You remember Lai, the speaker of the high council? He may well die, another of the Guardians already has. They were attacked in the new realm, many of the guardians have probably leftwhile most of the high council are tending to their leader. Only Yachi, Dean, Ana, Mruyadgi, Peta and I remain. We really need your help?
There are a few moments of silence while Jason sees if his friend wants to say anything but he continues before the pause lasts to long.
So what do you say? You remember what it was like dont you? The bizarre alien world, so much possibility. The buzz of weightlessness combined with the sensation of movement, of speed. Flying past, over and through all those robots. You expect me to believe youre gonna deny all that for a tantrum?
Oh alright. Of course Im not. Ill come back but what about Yachi?
Dont worry about him. He wanted to burst over here and apologise immediately but I persuaded him to let me butter you up first Jason answers with a smirk as he motions over towards their teacher who was moving through the crowd. Jason sees Nikki give him a smile behind Billy.
Nikki is happy to see Billy talking to Jason again but she doesn't give it much thought. She is busy listening to Peta, who is apologizing but seems distracted, she hasn't been able to catch up like they had planned last week. Nikki is suspicious particularly as Peta regularly glances toward Jason and Billy. Were they making sure she wasn't mentioning anything about their astral cult? Nikki thought as she watched Peta all but ignore her through the conversation. Did the cult know that Billy had already told her a little about the astra? Probably not But what would they do if they did find out? Look at what they had done to this Greek guy, Stavos. . She was glad she had invited herself to this funeral, if Billy was suspicious he hadn't shown her. She told him she wanted to research for a film idea about Greeks, luckily he hadn't asked too many more questions, she surely would've been found out if he had. There wasn't much that being an aspiring movie director couldn't explain. She wondered if Peta, who had only been seeing Jason for the past week or so had to 'force' herself onto the guest list like Nikki? Though Peta, like most people probably didn't want to go to a stranger's funeral. Or did she know this Stave guy through the astral planing cult? Peta hadn't told her much of interest yet, asking if she knew Stave could uncover something related to the astral cult they were all caught up in,
'Did you know Stave, Peta?'
'Barely, I think we had met once'
'Well, that's once more than me and here I am at his funeral! I feel terrible not to mention awkward.'
Peta gives a smile in response. Nikki looked over at the boys, they seemed to have patched up their differences. She was pleased to see this, she had always liked Jas. While some of Billy's friends were arrogant wankers, Jason was friendly, modest and easy-going, she had always liked that he was Billy's best friend though with all this suspicious cult activity Nikki was no longer certain that Jason was all he appeared to be.
'So what's been keeping you so busy?' Nikki asks Peta.
'University mostly, assignments and projects the past few weeks and I've got a few more before exams start...' Peta responds uneasily before going into various technical details which are lost on Nikki.
Meanwhile, Yachi has made his way through the crowd to find Stave's parents, he had not been looking forward to this. Did they even know what he looked like? No doubt they have heard something from the police, and he is hardly inconspicuous here. He really should have approached them earlier but things have been so hectic since the fire and Staves death. Even now there are a million unfinished items buzzing round his head. He takes a deep breath and approaches them.
Hello, Mr and Mrs Giokos. I am Yachi, Staves yoga teacher. Unfortunately it was at my class that this horrible incident occurred, I wish I could offer you more than my most heartfelt sympathy
They both stare dumbfounded. Yachi isnt sure what they are thinking. Blame? Hatred? Or just shock that this piece of the puzzle is now before them. He isnt sure how to react and feels more and more awkward. 
If I, uh, can be of any assistance in any way you have my full attention... I-I only wish I could have avoided the whole tragedy and, and spared you this nightmare' he sputters. 
I will let you be with those nearest you, again Im truly sorry he says with relief and shame as he leaves.
It seems so ludicrous, to be meditating oblivious to the approaching danger but what more can he say, further details or the truth will only complicate matters Alienating the parents further and they certainly wouldn't be treated seriously by the police who would probably start asking a lot more questions, no this was definitely not a good idea for anyone. He returns to his friends, hopefully Jason and Billy have some good news for him.
Yachi sees them now and speaks to Billy as soon as he is within earshot, Billy I must apologise
Not at all, Im as much to blame as anyone. How were Staves parents?
As well as one could hope, this is a horrible thing. We must not let Staves death be for nought.There are many more challenges to be met and dangers to be faced however if we are to keep the powers of this new realm from misuse we must continue but we could really use your help, Billy?
Definitely, Im back in
Chapter 10 The Factioning
Whispers and guesswork; it is all so fresh and so much of this cyber-realm remains a complete mystery to us, Yachi thinks to himself. He and Peta are looking into the disastrous incidents which recently occurred to several of his fellow guardians. She had transferred what they could of Lai & Achachak's astral form from the cyber-realm into the computer network. But what they could do from there was a mystery. Peta was also concerned about the size of the file which, they believed, represented his old friend, Achachak. It was far smaller than those Peta had seen on the network when an astral planar entered the cyber-realm. The news was better for Lai, as his file was of a similar size to that of many planars in the cyber-realm so it was much more likely that his astral form or consciousness was not irreversibly damaged. But how could they return this computer file to his semi-conscious, meditating body in the Himalayas where it belonged? Peta had spoken of the risks of manipulating the computer file which currently represented these guardians and despite its obvious importance or possibly due to it, Yachi was soon lost yet again. It was yet another example where answers to their questions of this new realm are still some way off. Their investigation of what happened to his fellow planars here also seems to create more questions than answers. The details they do have of these horrific incidents, which seem to have taken at least one guardian from them are minimal and poorly understood. After a lengthy discussion, which Yachi also found more bewildering and frustrating than useful, Peta is now busy at one of the computers compiling a report based on the details which, apparently they had agreed to in this discussion, though Yachi was none the wiser. He would rely on Petas expertise yet again
Yachi considers his old student, Stave, still fresh in his mind after the recent funeral. Could there be a 'file' of Stave's astral profile out there in this internet of computers? While it seems impossible that his body could have survived the fire at his old yoga studio, between the internet, the astra and whatever else that had been revealed to him in the past few weeks he can no longer assume anything is as it seems.
Peta interrupts his thoughts with the news that she has finished the report, a list of which guardians were in the cyber-realm, where they went and when they were there. The statistics are available because she registers each of the planars names to modem ports each time she connects them. 
'Here is the list' she says pointing Yachi toward a nearby computer screen as she begins to interpret and explain the details from the report, 'They show a few of the guardians who mostly follow unremarkable patterns compatible with what we know of their first forays into the cyber-realm. Most of the unusual data correlates to those planars involved in the incidents'
'Is there any unusual information regarding any guardians who weren't attacked?' Yachi interrupts Peta. 
Who are you suspicious of? Peta asks as she turns her attention to the report. 
Not suspicious, just curious,' Yachi replies. 'We face a grave danger and all options must be considered. No-one or nothing can be ruled out
'There does seem to be one unusual exception.' Peta tells Yachi as she peers into the details on the screen. 'Planar 017... Psi, yes, Psi is an unusual looking result alongside Lai, Dean, Mruyadgi & Achachak as expected. Those involved in the incidents'
'Really!' Yachi responds, 'What is unusual about Psi?' he asks as he moves towards the details on the screen. 'Oh no! Is that really the time? Have I already been here two hours! I need to join the meeting of the high council. It started twenty minutes ago!'
'Well, there's a few unusual things this report tells us about Psi' Peta responds. 'Firstly, she has spent far longer in the cyber-realm than any of the other guardians. Also she has a stronger profile than any of the other guardians and she has been highly mobile, look at all of these websites she has passed through,' Peta continues, pointing to a list of websites all with the ID '017' beside them. 'Compared to other guardians such as 023 here' she says pointing at another series of rows in the report. 
'They were only able to reach three websites over the same period of time. And, if you recall the difficulties they have all experienced in this new world, this is an unexpected level of mobility across the internet'. 
'Great' Yachi responds ' and what can you tell me about Lai and Achachak or Dean and Mruyadgi. Can you see what happened to them?'
'Well, like I said, their pattern in this report is quite different to the other guardians. For instance they don't finish their session at this site, our IP address. And there are some gaps in their timelines such as here for Mruyadgi or here for Lai' says Peta as she points to different areas of the report.
'Sure' responds Yachi impatiently. 'But what can you see about what attacked them?'
'Very little from this report. I'll need to do some more investigation and create another report.'
'Well, I need to go. I'm late as it is. I'll look at what else you've uncovered after I talk to the high council.' Yachi replies as he walks across the room. 'Good luck Peta and thank you.' 
Yachi settles himself and starts to meditate so he can enter the astra and join the meeting, what usually takes him a moment drags on for seconds as he struggles to clear his mind. Lai & Achachaks encounter weighs upon his mind and with Stave's funeral yesterday he simply has not had time to analyse and organize Peta's information for the meeting. Not only has he not prepared but he is late. Finally he manages to free himself from his physical body and enter the astral plane but his mind continues to dwell on all that has not recently gone as planned, He needed to bring to the council all of the available details so they could direct the guardians based on as clear an understanding of these traumatic events as possible. But he had very little to show them. And due to the horrible events the meeting is discussing it is already a very difficult and emotional decision for the council. He is convinced that they must continue within the cyber-realm despite the dangers but he knows many of the guardians disagree and he simply hasn't had any time to talk to his fellow high council members since what occurred to Lai and the others. He will know soon enough of their responses.
He engages the psychic link used for high council meetings and feels the guardians communicating discreetly. Yachi is surprised by the sombre mood, high council meetings are typically volatile and given the circumstances today he expected it to be more so than usual. This is the realm where Peta and the boys first encountered the astral guardians and the high council. Once more, the astral profiles of the guardians seem crisper, more life-like than those usually encountered in the astra, due to the combined power of the astral guardians making the astral senses stronger in this place that they created specifically for the high council meetings.
However none of the guardians are presently noticing such trivial effects of their abilities. They are shocked; for if Lai, their talented leader, has succumbed then what hope do they have? While they were told of the dangers, there is clearly a lot that they do not understand about this cyber-realm and the lessons it teaches are clearly unforgiving.
Without Lai the gathering is shambolic, some members of the High council are trying to gain the attention of their fellow Guardians and begin the meeting in Lai's absence. While there is little they are sure of regarding the new realm and the dangers it involves, they know they need to decide quickly as things are getting more and more critical. So they are having another meeting, as far as anyone recalls there has never been a meeting of the High Council called so swiftly after the last, but these are highly unusual circumstances and here they are.
Despite the best efforts of the council most of the room is engaged by another guardian who has also noticed the void and sombre mood left by their absent leader. Sta comes across the psychic link forthright and confident, gaining a larger audience than usual. She is enjoying what she considers to be her long overdue moment as she continues;
The Astra is about understanding, it is a peaceful place. It has been corrupted by computers- become a place of murder and battle. This is not the true way. Yet we give our constant attention to this cyber plane no doubt aiding its growth and fueling its power. The attention of the majority of guardians focuses on Sta as she continues; 
'For too long Lai, Yachi and their gang have ridiculed and undermined me and they have led us astray. Now Lai is comatose, close to death and all they thought they knew of the astral realms is in disarray. Listen to me and I will guide you to safety, far from these horrors that are so far removed from the true astra.'
Yachi notices the growing energy around Sta as the astral forms of those present align with her argument and thoughts. She regularly received positive auras from Psi and the rest of her core supporters but now she had almost universal support from all the guardians in attendance. Yachi knows he must respond while there is still a hope of being listened to, he organizes his cluttered mind and addresses his colleagues;
'But Sta, The history of the astra is a turbulent one, with violence and war recurring themes. It is moments like this that our position and ability as the guardians of the astra is so critical. If we buckle now when will it end? We have a duty to protect all of the astra from such corruption. If we cannot manage this new plane then rest assured the problem will grow throughout the astra until there is no escape and we will have lost all of our beloved world to this evil.'
Sta quickly interjects; 'Why should we return to this cyber-realm? Our efforts so far have, luckily, only brought one death but there have been several near misses. How much more luck can we hope to have invading this monstrous apparition that we have been told is part of the astra? It is no more part of the astra than a deck of tarot cards but its threats and dangers are all too real! They are the responsibility of those who create these computer networks and we, as guardians of the astra have no business interfering there. Anyone of us who does so, acts at their own peril or if Yachi, you are looking for fools to follow you, may any further tragedies also be solely your burden to bear.' She continues, her compelling argument still holding the attention of most of the guardians.
Yachi's mind is a blur; the funeral of a student, the disasters that he led his fellow guardians into all weighed heavily upon his mind and he could not think of suitable responses to the claims of his wily colleague, Sta. She continues and Yachi remains dumbstruck. He notices other members of the high council continue trying to gain the guardians attention and bring some order to their meeting which Sta has happily hi-jacked. At last, Sapi, who has long been Lai's confidant and his unofficial deputy on the council, interrupts Sta and politely requests order. Slowly, Sta stops her speech and the collective attention of the guardians turns to Sapi and the high council, including Yachi. Sapi addresses the meeting,
'These are turbulent and distressing times for us, my fellow guardians. The discovery of a new plane, the cyber-realm is a development which has not occurred in the astra for millennia. And yes, our efforts to understand it have been largely unsuccessful and frustrating; not to mention dangerous.
Firstly our fellow guardians, Dean & Mruyadgi had a narrow escape from some powerful monster in this new cyber-realm, barely returning to the physical realm with their life-force intact. They are recuperating now and should recover but little is known of their attacker.
But that was only the first of our distressing encounters in this cyber-realm, the latest was even more shocking, our leader, Lai, is now incapable of planing and was very close to moving on from the physical realm. A fate that has befallen another of our dear colleagues, Achachak. All of the guardians are now silent as Sapi gathers himself to continue.
'We seem to be unsure what had done this? Was it the same monster which Dean and Mruyadgi had barely escaped from? Could it follow them to other astral realms, such as here, a place we have effectively created? There is no doubting that a great power has been unleashed in this cyber-realm, and it seems any of us could be the next to bear the consequences. Yachi, what can you tell us of these encounters? Has Peta been able to uncover much from the computers that we used to enter the cyber-realm?' he asks Yachi.
'We are still investigating but we do have some details from Peta already. She has highlighted a number of unusual events that occurred to all of those who were attacked; both Lai & Achachak, Dean & Mruyadgi. Understandably, after the traumas they have recently faced, they are all resting and once they have recovered, and are comfortable doing so, we will speak to them about what they experienced. Combining this with the details that Peta is still uncovering from the computers should provide us with some kind of understanding about what occurred. But unfortunately we do not know too much right now. However there was one unusual discovery Peta made, another planar who also shared some of these unusual details and I was hoping to speak to her, Psi, I understand that you were also spending time in the cyber-realm when these encounters occurred to our colleagues?
Sta intercedes; Look, what is he doing? Trying to distract us from the horrors weve just experienced and the losses befallen us. Challenging Psi, one of our strongest planars with something he gathered from these computers, the very source of all our problems! When will this madness end? Surely enough is enough? We dont want any more of your Cyber-realm!' 
Sta continues to defend her fellow guardian, denouncing the report as technical jibberish irrelevant to the guardians and their world, the astra. What she says quickly gains support of many guardians across the psychic link as Yachi responds.
'Sta, please I'm just trying to find out what has happened to our colleagues, surely that's what is important here? We're all uncomfortable with these unfamiliar computers that the astra has merged with but we all know that they are how we access this new realm and they are the best place for us to start understanding what occurred to our fellow guardians and what is happening to the astra we know as it morphs with these computers to form a new realm.
Yachi notices the level of engagement he has across the psychic link is far smaller than Stas but this time it is not because of her interruptions. Beside Sta is Psi, the talented but unbalanced guardian they speak of. Being the focus of their heated argument is having an unhealthy effect on her, her astral profile is deteriorating a stark contrast to all the other guardians who display more vividly here than any other astral realm. They also feel vibrations emitting from her warped remains and a low moan carries across the psychic link. She continues to deteriorate and seems like she will combust or transform any moment. Despite their countless years of experience in the astra none of the guardians are sure what is happening to their colleague but they all wish it will stop as they observe helplessly.
Are you happy now?' Sta demands of Yachi, responding to the situation first. 'Our dear colleague, Yachi, has clearly been brainwashed by this fool's gold from the computers and seems happy to tread all over anyone or anything to drag us after him. It was not enough when Dean and Mruyadgi nearly died and now Lai is in a coma and Achachak has passed you still don't heed the warnings. At the first opportunity you make false accusations against the most vulnerable of us, Psi. I will not stand for it! What more warning do we need? If it is enough to kill Lai surely it is obviouswe have no place here! Come Psi, we have heard enough, you do not need this, none of us need this! We have no interest in your agendas with this cyber-realm. We will not be returning to the astral guardians where you so recklessly put us in the path of danger and so readily harass our friends with lies. Who is with me?
And Sta and Psi leave the astral guardians. Many follow, unsurprisingly those who always supported Sta but also others who had not. Many of the guardians dont want to return to this new realm after the recent disasters that befell their colleagues. The fears of these guardians clearly outweighs their sense of duty to the astra and the role of astral guardian, for they join Sta and leave.
Yachi watches with disappointment, Situations like this are when the role of a guardian is more important than ever. It seems this challenge is too much and many of the guardians are failing the astral realms they hold so dear. Leaving the astra exposed to whoever first understands their latest, and possibly strangest, developments. 
Sapi notices the forlorn, lonely figure of Yachi and promises to stay in contact with him and help in any way he can, including sending members of the high council to assist as soon as they can be spared from their current priority of healing their leader, Lai.
'We appreciate your assistance with the remains of Lai's lifeforce. This must be our current focus, I wish we could provide you with more assistance my friend' Sapi said to Yachi. 'I'm sorry this meeting did not go as we hoped. I must take the rest of High council and we will do what we can for Lai.' 
The other councilors apologize and farewell Yachi as they also leave him. Ana tells Yachi she has agreed with Sapi that she will part with her fellow high councilors and join him to provide whatever assistance she can. But otherwise very few guardians remained. Ana tries to cheer him up by mentioning Dean & Mruyadgi, two of his closest allies who are not in attendance today but will soon be by his side. However after the dangerous encounter where some creature from the cyber-realm nearly took their lives and the disastrous meeting that has clearly now finished, he is not so sure that they will return. 
Ana, however persists, mentioning all the expensive equipment in the network room provided by Dean after little more than a suggestion from him. Yachi realises that while he is disappointed with many of the guardians, there is no doubt some of his colleagues have been an enormous help. Along with Dean, Mruyadgi and Lai risked their lives helping him on this mission and, of course, it looked like Achachak and Stave have already paid the ultimate price.
He understands why most of his fellow high councilors who are now focusing on assisting their leader, Lai. Undoubtedly their leader needed help, Yachi did not deny that but clearly the rapidly growing powers of this cyber-realm also require a lot of their attention. Such changes have not occurred through the astra for centuries, if not millennia, and if they are genuinely astral guardians then surely they need to understand such things and the powers involved. This is the only way they can ensure disasters like those that had recently occurred are minimised or completely avoided and the powers behind them are understood and not manipulated for personal gain. For such powers always attract those who will abuse and corrupt at any opportunity.
As they return to the physical realm Yachi continues to mull over all that is happening in his beloved astra. He still in't certain exactly what the 'disturbance' which first led him to uncover this cyber-realm is? Is it the new realm morphing from the overlap of astral, physical and virtual realms? Or some of these dangerous creatures which inhabit it and have clearly harnessed some of its powers into their own? 
There seem to be more questions and fewer answers the deeper they delve here. And rather than assist with these mysteries most of his fellow guardians have only provided further distractions and complications such as the bickering in their recent meeting. While such a dynamic is all too common at the countless high council engagements Yachi has attended over the years, they rarely have such critical items for discussion... it is all so exhausting!
Yachi looks over to see Billy at a computer while Jas lies not far from him planing through the cyber-realm with his friend's assistance. Their skills are improving every day, they are far more comfortable than any of the astral guardians Yachi thinks. Due largely to their enthusiasm and Yachi concedes their fearlessness or recklessness. His concerns about exposing them to the dangers of this volatile new realm remain; the physical fusing with the astral unleashing powers sufficient to create a new realm can be as destructive as it is creative and with so little known, completely unpredictable, some disastrous consequences  or even more disastrous consequences are inevitable.
Yet the contrast between his two young students and the majority of the astral guardians is staggering and is largely due to the fearlessness he has been trying, with limited success, to temper since he first introduced his two students to this new realm. And it is this that currently makes them, not any of his fellow guardians, his only genuine partner. Who else could he look to when the next challenge arrives? Only his two young students have the abilities that could hope to avoid another disaster like those which have recently occurred.


Jas dodges bullets of a World War II battlefield as he moves through a net-hub before blurring through streams of the latest financial data in another and continuing through the endless labyrinth of the cyber-realm. Level after level, row after row of portals each one containing a different element of human experience and possibility. He sped on through them, catching a glimpse of a birthday celebration through one as his humanoid form dissolved into a streamlined missile-like form whose purpose was clearly speed.. The images and their sensory impact are still intense to Jas despite all the time he has now spent here but they are one of the many unusual sensations from planing in the cyber-realm that he enjoys.   
	Jason focuses ahead at the cybersphere he is moving through; a translucent haze lies ahead. This place is full of surprises he thinks as he moves closer. While he cant see clearly he thinks he can make out a cybersphere on the other side of the haze. As he tells Billy of what he sees he thinks of what to do next. While he is pretty sure this wont harm him, at least not seriously, he cant be sure and even if it doesnt hurt him what if it disconnects him from base and he is lost? How long would it take for him to find his way home? If he could at all?
	But he will have to investigate this strange screen of haze. 
	Billy, Im gonna see what it does to a Datatrail?
	What? Just jump in, see what it does to you!
	Yeah yeah, Ill have a go soon but first Im gonna throw this sucker in he said as he plucked a datatrail from its course and made his way back to the strange haze within the cybersphere. Its efforts were powerless against his grip as he moved it forward, ready to thrust it into the unusual haze. 
The exercise takes him back to his youth and showing his sisters the fun that could be had with a magnifying glass and a few hapless insects. The glint in Jennys eyes, while his elder sister gasped in horror and was soon threatening to tell their parents. There was a simpler solution; next time he just took his younger sister. They soon realize that if they cant find enough insects for the game, a little honey and hey presto the insects soon come to them.
Jenny took to the game with particular gusto, she could never get enough, always hassling him to play again and again. He can still see her crouching down, a determined look on her face as she holds her aim while the sun does its work. Then a big satisfied smile as another ant combusts. The grin has barely settled on her face as her eyes begin to dart about, searching fiercely for another and then another. Jason tries to imagine her doing this now, or better yet the reactions of her friends,
GROSS! 
OMIGOD!
OK, time for action he thinks and he forces the datatrail forward into the haze. A violent shimmer fills the haze, it becomes cloudy and unclear; like a TV on the wrong channel. The datatrail can only be distinguished as a shadow, a darkness among the impenetrable shimmer while the cybersphere on the other side cannot be seen at all. This continues for some time as Jason holds the datatrail fast, unsure whether to wait for this strange process to end. What was happening to his guinea-pig? Would it be recognizable?
Impatience soon wins out and he removes the datatrail. The cybersphere can once more be seen through the haze, the violent state brought on by the intruder clearing as abruptly as it begun.
The datatrail has undergone an even larger transformation. He barely recognizes what he held or, more accurately, what now seems to hold him. The datatrail and in fact much of his forelimb is covered by a collection of shells and casings. Jason moves and easily comes clear from his newfound armour. It clunks uselessly to the ground of the cybersphere, still affected by the physical property of gravity unlike Jason and other astral planars. The largest collection of it begins moving of its own accord, the datatrail is still in there and still functional.
So what do you know Jas? You dont need a rescue mission? Billy comes over their psychic link.
Hardly, Im sure you know as well as I do that Im fine. The datatrail has also survived this haze but its come out covered with all sorts of armour
He looks at it as it struggles along the cybersphere floor, its movement hindered by the armour that now encases it.
They seem to be a security measure. Im gonna see what the story is for myself, Jas tells his friend and moves into the haze. 
It isnt painful but he feels it manipulating him, trying to alter his astral composition. He moves through it and within the cybersphere. There is none of the casing that the datatrail acquired on him and while the sensation was peculiar he is pretty sure he hasnt been harmed. He will have to see what Peta thinks this is, hopefully he will also get to talk to her properly, After the great night they recently shared they have rarely been in the same spot for a minute together. He cant believe it has almost been two weeks already.
As he continues through this unknown element of the cyber-realm his thoughts return to Peta. The most peculiar thing to Jason about this whole situation is how it is such a non-event; no dramatic arguments nor climatic love scenes. He feels strongly, yes but also confused. This horrible, gnawing feeling shadowing him every day, haunting him wherever he goes. Their night together reminding him vividly of what he has been missing and it has grown worse each day since, slowly filling him with self-doubtThis is stupid, he thinks to himself, and frustrating and familiar.. So many of his -what would you call them, they didn't really qualify as relationships; brief encounters, flings?? Whatever they were they often involve quite a lot of this feeling, this uncertainty. Many times this was how things had ended, please not this time, not with Peta he begs whatever higher power there may be.
Billy interrupts his self-absorption across the psychic link; We have a jammed site coming up, take another cybersphere, Jas
The two boys have recently improved to the point that as a navigator they could view beyond the cybersphere of the planar. Their view is not limited, like a planar, by sensory appendage nor organs. And this could be shared immediately via the psychic link between their minds. Combining this with the full 360 degree view that the planar had of their surroundings had once been an overload of details but with their continuing practice and experience it is no longer so daunting. They can now process the various data streams and communicate whats relevant in mere moments allowing the planar in the cyber-realm to quickly respond. Such challenges and team-work are unique to this realm. And this is another element of the cyber-realm which the boys now excel in while the more experienced astral guardians continue to struggle.
Jas leaves his cyber-sphere and approaches another in the free space that surrounds the cyber-realm. It is here that Jas and Billy saw their fellow student, Stave, moments before he disappeared, severing his connection back to his physical body. Their confidence here now overshadows any concerns from the risks that took their fellow student, in fact they barely think of their departed colleague, Stave, there were simply too many more pressing matters with all their advances and discoveries in the cyber-realm.
Hows this one look? Jas asks Billy
Happy travels ahead, but there is some company not far behind you.
Jas continues onward appropriating some of his energy to view his pursuers, they are well behind him, far enough that he ignores them. He knows Billy will keep an eye on them and let him know if they need any of his attention. This is a task which is easier for the navigator to do, the planar should focus their attention on the immediate surrounds and their actions unless theres a compelling need to do otherwise.
Jas enters the roomy expanse of a net-hub, ignoring the flash of a series of photos as he enters and takes a hard right before stopping and waiting at the junction of the small, cylindrical cybersphere he has just come from and the broad expanse of the net-hub. His shadows will not be far away. Here we go, he thinks as a collection of web-robots arrive. Jas grabs a robot and hurls it into the crowd of its accomplices.
Strike he says with a laugh, blasting off to find some more action amidst the busy net-hub. His pursuers are scattered in a tangle of disrepair. He knows they wont be able to bother him again. It is so much fun here, Jas thinks to himself. Zipping around, in and out of all the net-hubs, through data trails, seeing first hand all the uses of the internet come to life. And of course wreaking a bit of havoc with it. It is harmless enough according to Peta, only causing a few minutes delay in a download or a web page. Like his own personal playground. Jason ponders this thought, the combination of the physical and astral in the cyber-realm are part of the attraction. At first this made it awkward even painful but thats now long gone for him and Billy. Over the last week the boys have developed well beyond such novice status. Everyone now knows they are second only to Yachi in the cyber realm.
It has not been spoken of but is hardly surprising. After all the guardians rarely enter the new realm, constantly discussing what has happened, what it means and how to best approach this dangerous new world.
Of course if they were like Billy and I and just practiced then they wouldnt be so vulnerable now and there wouldnt be much of a problem. Jas thought as he bustled through another nethub. But that seems pretty unlikely, Yachi and Peta are in another meeting with them all now. 
All the time they have spent in the cyber-realm has also impacted the boys astral form. Jas currently blazes like datatrails and other inhabitants of this strange new plane. The boys and Yachi now notice they are more than the energy forms of their astral profiles in the cyber-realm, they are powerful compressed capsules of life, fissioned of human and cybernetic. 
The nightmarish qualities of the astral guardians' recent devastating encounters are now irrelevant to them. The powers unleashed to create this new world are there to be harnessed rather than feared.


A strange pain courses through Deity's being- 'What the hell is happening?' he thinks as everything seems to rush and swirl past him. 
'Am I actually feeling this? Where am I? He cant comprehend what his senses should be detecting amongst the surrounding blur. He feels as if his form has been dismantled to pure elements, his smallest possible components and these have been hurled in a thousand different directions. He can sense the contortions and twists above the feeling of disembodiment and this is the unusual pain. Before he comes to grips with his predicament, however, he is abruptly back in his functioning form, the pain gone as suddenly as it began.
He swivels, looking back at where he had been, it seems to be quite unremarkable, what had caused this strange experience? He backtracks to investigate, as he approaches he detects a faint blurring about the diameter of the cybersphere; little bigger than a large data-trail. He looks around his surroundings, there are other blurry areas like the one he had just been through, what were they? He thinks back to just before the pain and disorientation, he was planing through free space as he usually did and... he was passing a net-hub with a number of cyberspheres, again nothing unusual, he had passed such structures countless times before. He surveys the area around him and doesn't notice any of the structures he had recalled. The cyberspheres are in a different formation and the net-hub he swore he just passed is no longer there. It is all very different to where he was only moments before. What had happened? Had he been transported here? 
There are still datatrails here, he thinks as he watches a group of them ahead of him. He is still in his realm, his domain he reassures himself as the datatrails move ahead in their typically ordered, robust fashion but he notices the group is shrinking. He approaches them, the leaders and those following disappear, all at the same point. He recognizes it as another of these blurry areas, just like what brought him here. The last of the datatrails vanishes and he thinks about this phenomena; he had seen this occur before... but hadn't been that interested. There are so many of these mindless little droids he regards them as beneath him, irrelevant to his station but perhaps he has been ignoring their clues to his latest discovery.
He stretches one of his limbs toward the blur that had swallowed the datatrails, it's shimmering more obvious when contrasted directly against his form. There is a force trying to suck him within, he resists it comfortably but the datatrails probably can't and he is usually moving so quickly that he never noticed it. Surely he has come close to one of these dimension warps before, he had just not noticed them. He moves into it now, just a fraction and he can feel the pain as before, he tries to sense what is within but only the disorientation of his previous passing comes through to him. The sensations are weaker than before but this may be because he only exposed a fraction of his being to this strange portal. He now throws his whole form within, the pain and disorientation is not as strong as previously, now that he expects it. His surroundings are different again, the datatrails which passed him only moments before don't seem to be nearby. Are they part of a cluster he sees in the distance? Were they transported elsewhere?
He decides to do a little experimenting of his own and soars over to a group of data-trails to grab a subject. Guinea pig selected, he returns to the dimension warp and pushes the robot within for a few moments. What he brings back is more scrap metal than anything else.
'Why cant these robots do this?' he thinks to himself briefly. It doesn't matter much, since he has had no such problems. He takes in his new surroundings. They are unlike anything he knew in the cyber-realm. There are no cyberspheres and he cant make out any boundary of a net-hub. Instead he is confronted by a massive factory assembly line stretching almost as far as the horizon, where it disappears into a tube similar to the start of a cybersphere. Before him is a long conveyor belt carrying a series of microchips. Further along the belt a large metallic machine clamps down upon them. It glows red hot, pressing down onto the belt, synchronized to meet each microchip that the belt moves beneath it. The glowing machine then rises to reveal the chip, now covered by a thin metal strip as it continues along the conveyor belt toward several other similar machines. Deity moves along and sees various other additions and alterations being made by these machines to the microchips upon the belt; edges are removed and extra layers added. As he moves along he recognizes that the microchips with all these additions and enhancements are becoming datatrails. This pleases Deity though unsure how he can manipulate this knowledge to his advantage he is certain it will be useful. Judging by the amount of these robots there may be millions of these factories around the cyber-realm he thinks as he continues to explore.
Watching closer now he realizes that occasionally there is a glitch in the system, data that doesnt compute or components dont align correctly. The system carries on regardless, sometimes any resulting debris is swept from the assembly line by another robot arriving from above. Seeing this Deity makes some changes himself; removing components, pushing them forward, flipping them over or on their side. Many of his manipulated datatrails break, others get stuck in parts of the factory. A blockage at a tunnel soon creates an expanding backlog of datatrails as the conveyor belt continues to load datatrails into the blockage. As Deity watches, they start to fall from the belt and the system begins to slow and creak, the tunnel begins to shake when several contraptions from above arrive and begin clawing at the mess while others attempt to sweep it clear. It reminds Deity of someonean elderly lady, in an immaculate house who would arrive instantly, cloth and broom in hand at the first sight of dirt or dust or crumb. She was so kind to him... But he was beyond such menial things now, he tells himself, willing the images from his mind. They were coming more regularly now, concentrate, focus on what's happening here. So he knows what was being made here, time to find where it is sent. He flies to the end of the assembly line where the final product disappears. 
The factory slows with multiple internal creaks from the blocked pathways Deity has created. The large convoluted machine gradually stops. As Deity approaches the exit tube he can still see no complete Datatrails ready for departure from the factory so he leaves disappointed, with nothing to bowl over as a final gesture.
As he enters the light dims for a moment before becoming blindingly bright. Blinded, Deity flies straight through the cybersphere. His vision returns and he sees he is back home, in the free, open spaces of the cyber-realm. He circles to see where he had come from. There is a short cybersphere connecting the black hole, from which he had just come, to a net-hub. He flies into the hub, vowing to himself that he will pay more attention to everything his home presents to him.
Chapter 11
Nikki walks home from another shift at the cafe, her mind again dwelling on Billy's unusual behaviour and how she hoped to uncover the reasons behind it. Her beginner classes of meditation had been very frustrating, trying to sit still and get comfortable while her mind keeps racing. She has persisted, telling herself she can only help Billy if she knows what hes going through. But despite this motivation she hadn't made much progress though she wasn't giving up, far from it. She would continue with the meditation and, when she got home, she would start talking about movie ideas with Billy and bring cults into the conversation. Of course she had dozens of different movie ideas and with all this recent bizarro behaviour of astral planing and all the rest of it she'd come up with plenty more recently. 
Sure some similar stuff had been done in Ghost, Invisible Man etc but at the same time she knew this was different.. and intriguing. Of course it was still only an idea. Since Billy's revelation astral planing, or what little she understood of it, had regularly been on her mind. So it was inevitable she thought of it as a movie.
Since it wasn't a totally new idea she had to make sure everything else was as good or better. She had to consider every facet of the story, like the spiritual; should she downplay it or make it a focus point? And what about the action, she could see amazing scenes of spectral 'humans' floating through the the real world whose inhabitants remained unaware that they were being watched. But who would they watch a childhood sweetheart now unhappy, a murderer who has avoided justice. There were so many questions. So many things that had to be just right. Her eyes lit up no matter who she told these ideas to.
Of course one of biggest dilemmas was who would play Billy- not that shed call a character that but there would have to be one. She started thinking of actors, it couldnt be one of those heart throb types who looked more boy-band than thespian.
And the Brad Pitts and George Clooneys were out. For a start they were too expensive and she needed someone with more rugged looks. While Brad Pitt was often the scruffy type- 12 Monkeys, Snatch, Fight Club- he was simply too hot to be the boy next door type.
Yes, it would have to be an up and coming actor- Maybe Heath Ledger? Ryan Gosling or Reynolds. Mmmagain (most of them were) too pretty. God, were there any young actors who werent models out there... Tobey Maguire? No, too nerdy, I mean, sure it had worked for Spiderman but that just made it a more definite 'NO', she didn't want to appear to be copying the Peter Parker/ Spiderman character so it would have to be another actor, but who? 
Maybe someone local? There were lots of great Aussie actors and quite a few had already made the transition to Hollywood. Her Hollywood breakthrough blockbuster was a matter of 'when' rather than 'if', she told herself, no harm in positive thinking right? So Aussie actors.. Steve Curry? Not quite..Wrong look, too much of an annoying little brother type. No, she needed a strong, silent type, moody or mysterious, yes, mysterious was better. A few years ago Alex Dimitriades would have been a great choice but now she thought he was a little old	for this role. After all an actor playing her boyfriend had to be HOT! They wouldn't do the role justice otherwise she thought with a smirk. Not that she had seen much of him lately, he was now back to spending all his time with Jas, their yoga and astral planing teacher, Yachi and whoever and whatever made up this cult that she couldn't stop worrying about. A week ago, Billy spent all day moping around the house and now, once more, he was rarely there, he would always take hours to return her calls, only to brush her off. Yes, he was back in the cult. And that was why she had begun meditating; to gain a glimpse of this bizarre and, judging by the funeral they recently attended, dangerous world her man was caught up in. She knew Billy wasn't overly expressive and any physical clues from him would be slight. However she also remembered his face when he first mentioned his astral planing to her, he was clearly relieved. She remembered that beautiful moment so clearly, after all their year's together he didn't want to keep this secret from her any longer. Surely he would feel the same emotions if there was something to her cult theory and, even if he didn't say anything directly, the clues would be there in his mannerisms and she would notice them.
She had been formulating her plan all afternoon. And now she was home it was time to put it into action.
Hi, honey. Im home she yells as she walks through the door of the apartment she and Billy shared
Gday how was your day? Billy responds from down the hall.
Good and yours? Nikki says as she walks from the hall to the left, toward the compact living area and kitchen.
Not bad at all. I think I like this. When you get your grant and become a big movie producer, Ill be the house husband. Look, dinners well on the way. He tells her as she steps to her and greets her with a kiss.
So had he moped around all day?, she wondered looking at him as he moves back into the used chopping boards and steaming pots and pans of their kitchen, though hed made a start on dinner. It was definitely strange but that didnt mean he was in a cult. Nikki was certain plenty of people thought she was strange but the explanation was a little simpler than a wacko religious group. Still it made a lot of sense, explaining a lot of bizarre things about his recent behavior that just couldnt simply be written off as coincidental.
Shes carefully crafting her words; how to broach the topic casually, without sounding suspicious. She has decided to talk of movies since Billy no longer talks of his planing Or should I talk of Jas and the others at the funeral. 
No, she would use her movie angle. But I must be careful not to make it too close to home. She gets the rice from the microwave while Billy continues chopping the onions. He is far more comfortable in silence than she ever has been, she cant stand it. She hasnt said anything for some time now, which is very unusual for her. Has he noticed? Will he already be suspicious before she opens her mouth?
She sneaks a glance over at him. He is placing the onions into the pan when he looks to her and says, Honey, how about some chilli with this and maybe even some ginger?
Yeah, sure is her startled reply, she forces a smile in reply to his, Did he pick up on it? She thinks as she says, Thatd be a nice touch 
It is time for her to say something, to jump in the deep end. Ive been thinking about some new movie scenarios
Ahh, I wondered what was going on, I dont think youve ever kept quiet for so long before. This new idea of yours isnt set in a monastery, is it?
He gives her a cheeky grin while her head spins out of control. What should I say now? What had I planned? Does he know? The movie, cults, remember? It is like a monastery but so what? This is just a regular, everyday conversation between a couple so act naturally goddammit!
Yeah well you know me - always thinking. My new idea is set in a cult, you know a religious fanatic with lots of brainwashed followers, once she gets going it seems to flow, her enthusiasm for the topic overcoming her hesitancy.
Except of course theyre all unaware, too caught up in his charms and wisdom. Talking of a fantastic existence far away from the mundane world that has left his followers disenchanted and led them to him
OK that was good, now for the clincher. Relax, ask casually and watch his reaction. Do you think anything like that could happen here? The uni would probably be a prime spot to gather support?
Why? You gonna do some in-depth research on this one? Give away all your earthly possessions, shave your head, ditch your boyfriend. Itd take some getting used to Could I have your video, recorder and equipment? You wont need that where youre going?
Very funny! So youd find it that easy to just up and move on if I left for some weirdo cult? she responds as she considers his response, it wasnt quite the reaction she was after but it didnt necessarily mean ohe wasn't involved in some kind of cult. Was he just ready to play cool with the topic, maybe it was part of the indoctrination? Or perhaps he didnt realise what he was involved in, he was too caught up in the trance of the astra or whatever he called the propaganda he has been fed. 
But where to go now? Should she continue to prod around now that the topic has been breached or should she change the topic?
Well I didnt quite say that. I just figured that if you were leaving that some of your toys would help ease the pain. So hows the rice doing? This stir-frys nearly done
His response breaks her train of thought as she listens for any clues from him but again he is making jokes about it before casually turning the conversation to dinner preparations. And now they sit down to eat and are soon planning for the weekend. Nikkis prying is done, at least for now. However, while they talk about what they might do on Saturday night she keeps thinking, her investigation has just begun rather than already finished. But what would be her next step? She has just discovered that name-dropping wont work and she is unsure about other types of inquisition or mind games. She isnt going to snoop around after him but she cant just leave it be. What if he is getting involved in some horrible cult? Would he disown her and their life together? Would he try to brainwash her into the sect? Start performing sickly rituals in her home?
No, if her man is in trouble she had to something about it.


Jemma still cant quite put her finger on what is happening. Has plenty of time to mull over the facts, daydreaming while on patrol with Coops. She starts to doubt herself, is she just dreaming all this up. Is it just a case of too many X-files episodes. She thought to herself, staring out the window of the patrol car waiting for the traffic lights. Inevitably her mind went over the facts she had gathered once again.
Forensic testing of the body indicated it had been prone for hours previous to death, possibly unconscious. The body from the fire was of a young male of Greek heritage, Stavos Giokos... She had visited his parents a week or two ago and it seemed there was plenty they didnt know about his life despite him still living with them. How horrible it must be for them, their son had died and no-one could tell them much about how or why it had happened. Their uncertainty about their only sons life remained unexplained, they had so many questions in their heads after his death that they no longer knew what to believe. But perhaps there was plenty that they didnt know about their son, perhaps he was secretive and led a life that he hid from them involving some mysterious, sinister cult that was responsible for his death.
Hang on she thought to herself, she was starting to sound like Nikki. Yet there was certainly something strange happening here. She thought back to the Missing Person report and her previous research, there were warnings of cults in the area made to youths, plastered in the streets by a local church and its community groups but no substantial investigation was made by police.
As her partner, Coops, drives the patrol car off from the lights Jemma thinks back to the forensics report on the fire, it couldnt pinpoint the exact source of blaze due to limited data and unpredictable nature of fire. But Jemma recalled they could isolate it to the same building where the body was found and she had tracked down a list of the tenants, one of the few entries among the lengthy list that wasnt a retail outlet or a restaurant was a school of yoga. The parents had mentioned his interest in yoga was the only reason they could think of him being in the area. That could be cover for a cult but so could hundreds of different organizations, all she really had was an idea or theory; though it did explain a lot of the strange things she had uncovered she still needed some evidence and details to complete any explanation of this crime and she was still some way from that. She had gathered some details about the yoga school, according to the lease records for the building a fifty five year old Asian who had no other records on file anywhere, not the Tax Office, nor immigration or any form of citizenship ran the school. While Jemma found this unusual apparently it wasnt that uncommon around Chinatown. No-one else in the investigating unit thought it deserved much more thought and as the novice of the team she couldn't really disagree. She still hadnt really told anyone from the force of her elaborate theories and suspicions. This was partly due to fear of being the laughing stock of the office but the main reason was she just didnt have anyone she felt she could confide like this. She looked across at her partner, Coops, he most definitely wasnt an option and she barely spent time with anyone else. Oh well, she didnt really have anything concrete she could say or show anyone at this stage anyhow.
At least the deductive processes of her science degree may not be completely wasted, she told herself as she thought of the arrows and charts that she had made; a diagram of her few clues in a cause and effect relationship. Unfortunately it wasnt helping her fill in the gaps between the meagre information she had gathered, she was still no closer to details like motive or suspects that might actually help her solve this.
It seemed she would just add this case to her list of frustrations she felt in her new career as a policewoman. There was no escaping that she simply didnt like it. And it wasn't just because of one particular thing; the boys club mentality, the infectious apathy and negativity, all the bureaucratic and political cobwebs. Maybe if it was only one of these she could address it or at least overlook it. She wondered about her expectations, was she being unrealistic? Was the situation more of her creation than theirs, what did she expect this to be like? Was she not making enough effort?
Coops said something to her now and she shut of the swirl of thoughts in her mind, turning her attention away from her discomfort and her conspiracy theories and to partner, to her reality that she seemed to be spending more and more time trying to escape...


Peta thinks of Jas and the bright smile she loved to see cover his entire face... she lost track of her thoughts and felt a momentary flush of embarrassed happiness. 'Wow' she thinks to herself, 'That hasn't happened for a long time!' She smiles as she toggles the mouse between some of the screens on her computer, no longer sure which one she had been looking at and still too distracted by her realisation to care. She knows she and Jas are getting on well and enjoying what time they could find together; away from here but, she thinks to herself as she glances around the state of the art network room. It was recently created for her at the expense of the mysterious Dean so she could assist him and the astral guardians in their bizarre astral planing pursuit. 'I haven't really accepted that my feelings for him are already so strong. It's been nice to have someone like this again, her smile creases a little deeper, dimpling her face and she looks around to ensure no-one else can see her happy little daydream about Jas. She is pretty sure he feels the same way... of course he did, he had said as much the other night, when they had last spent time together away from the planing and cyber-realms and all this other craziness.
She thought back to that night, it had just been dinner and a movie, both of them were too tired for anything more spectacular and involving. But that was why it was so good, they were both so comfortable together. Of course they had known each other for some time but their previous romantic, well, entanglements; the change from friends to, well, more than friends or lovers  come on girl surely you can use that label when thinking to yourself!- anyway, it had been awkward and uncertain but now they seemed to have the best of both worlds. And she was happy! I just hope it clasts she thought as she returned to collating the details of the planars devastating encounters in the cyber-realm.
She is still not exactly sure what had happened to the guardians but the result was clear enough; one death and their leader fighting for his life. Add this to Stave's death and she was unsettled about what she had become involved with. She had spoken about it a little with Jas, but he had barely given it much thought, far too caught up in the excitement of all that was happening in the astra and now the cyber-realm. If she recalled he explained it away as something which had occurred countless times before in the history of the astra, albeit centuries ago. She reminded him that it was death and probably even murder he was talking about and he responded to her like she was some naive child, taking her hand and staring directly into her eyes before starting some spiel about it being serious and dangerous but the creation of a new world could hardly expect to be all smooth sailing and that was why they both needed to help Yachi to understand what was going on! Seriously, boys could be so cocky and stupid and insulting but she knew he didn't mean to be. So when he continued to patronize her with talk of how he could also be hurt and how he loved knowing she was there supporting all the planars but that she shouldn't give him extra assistance and attention because of her feelings for him. God knows what else he had been saying, she had lost interest. Of course he had kept talking obliviously. So the only sensible thing for her to do was distract him. Which was easily achieved by kissing him. While it wasn't a problem she had encountered too often, this solution  when applied to the right boy  had never failed in keeping them quiet.
She had once more lost her train of thought, searching through network logs was still unappealing in the cyber-realm she thinks with a smirk as she gathers some of the final details to add to her report for Yachi and the remaining planars. Yachi had told her earlier that they were all about to meet with Mruyadgi and Dean whom have not yet talked to any of them since their terrifying ordeal.
The details she could gather from the computer system mostly related to the planars. While there was useful information amongst this what they really want to understand is the creatures that attacked the planars. Peta wasn't sure if she could access much about them, certainly not directly and she didn't know what to look for or where to start. She is hoping Dean, Mruyadgi and Ana can help her now with their descriptions of what occurred, though she doesn't know exactly what she is expecting them to tell her or how it could direct her investigation but it's the best chance she has of getting some direction. She just hopes she doesn't get lost in all the talk of auras, energies and the astra so can decipher some clues about these dangerous creatures, whatever they may be, and the trail they hopefully leave in the internet so she can trace them from her network. It all made for a lot of 'ifs' and 'buts' and 'maybes' but it was still the best chance that she could see.
As well as gathering details from various server logs she had considered what she saw on the system at the time. As was usually the case with incidents on computer networks you really needed to review and go into the detail to be able to get a complete understanding, if that was the case with a regular system outage it was definitely the case with supporting astral planars in a new world. Usually she wouldn't really be thinking of this kind of background stuff, if the last hour was any indication, she would probably be daydreaming about Jas she thought to herself with a grin. Well, she was ready and the meeting was soon to start, she locked her computer and made her way to meet the others.


She had never seen her friend so distraught, Ana thinks as she looks at Yachi. The events of the past few weeks have challenged them all but Yachi seemed to be taking it harder than anyone else.
Her mind drifts back to when she had first met Yachi. There was a sense of occasion then but nothing like this. She was the first student in the realm of the astral guardians, joining Lai and Yachi who had for years maintained the remnants of this once revered organization from opposite corners of the globe. Never before had the guardians gone beyond their Himalayan home for gifted youths to train and teach. But with neither Lai or Yachi in their homeland it was clearly time to break with tradition. While Lai and Yachi had not seen each other in the physical world for almost decade, the psychic links formed via their gifts allowed them to communicate across the globe every other day. 
Who else could they trust? They knew they must pass on their knowledge, they were the last of a tradition centuries old. It was a simple choice ultimately, they went to the astra. And it was here they noticed Ana.
An aura could not lie. Yachi and Lai had watched her for weeks. She knew they were there but couldnt fathom what they were; Ghosts? Demons? They soon spoke and in time Ana overcame her fear of these voices in her head and spoke back. Her mother, who also had some of their natural gift, also noticed and came to know Lai and Yachi. Slowly they taught Ana the many other possibilities of her gift beyond fortune telling and carnival tricks. They recognized she had the talent and a good heart so she became their first student. Lai and Yachi were careful and very protective as they took her under their wing... But then, they had come through some dark times.
At first the association was very loose. Lai would teach via psychic link or visit her in the astra. Occasionally, Yachi was there too. Her mother remained suspicious and kept a close watch on all this but independence was a way of life to her gypsy family and Ana was allowed free reign with her gift.
Soon there were more students. Sapi, who they knew from their Himalayan home was first and Yachi soon began to bring Mruyadgi and another of his friends, Xi.
As the classes continued Lai became more confident. All three students were naturally gifted. Lai just channeled their talents, gave them a focus. Much of their learning just came from practice and having someone else to share the experience with. 
Over the years she had seen the school grow into the many astral guardians from all corners of the globe it had recently held and now, in a few moments of insanity, it had broken down to almost nothing.
She knew the disintegration of the guardians must be particularly hard on Yachi. He was rightly proud of the rebuilding from an isolated group of monks deep in the Himalayas to a global collection of astral planars from all walks of life. Each new planar had brought a unique perspective on their talents from their homeland, what they meant, how they were used. They had all learned much from each other, Ana had gained comfort to hear that people from all over the globe had her gifts and shared her experiences, some such as Lai and Zhani came from cultures where they were revered for their abilities rather than ostracized as she had often been.
It had been a simple choice for Ana to join her friend and former teacher when the rest of the high council was focusing on healing Lai. She couldn't let him feel abandoned after all Yachi had done for her. Yet there was little she could do to help him in the cyber-realm with all the problems it involved. Ana had often felt helpless since joining Yachi. She had spoken to Peta, the computer expert about the cyber-realm encounter where her fellow guardian Achachak died but she didn't really understand the questions Peta asked her, so it had been a short and fruitless conversation. She knew of the astra and auras not of computers and networks. Given these frustrations she was more than happy to organize this meeting with Dean and Mruyadgi. It would be good to have these two back with us, she thought, while she had not always got on very well with Dean, who she felt could be arrogant and bullying she didn't wish the fate of Achachak upon him or anyone and all reports of his generosity, such as with the computer system they had used to access this cyber-realm couldn't be denied.
So she had prepared the realm where they held their high council meetings, arranged the time with everyone and they should soon be arriving. She hoped Mruyadgi and Dean were feeling better than when she had last contacted them only a few days ago. While far from surprised at the lingering effects of their close call; as she was still shook up after her own brief and far less dangerous encounter, she knew how much everyone would appreciate seeing these two back to their old selves. And after the last week or two anything that could lift the group's spirits would be most welcome.
She detected a being on her psychic link, the presence seemed weaker than those she was used to among the other guardians she thought as she engaged it with a greeting. It was soon followed by another and two more which she also engaged but not before noticing that the first actually belonged to Mruyadgi who usually had one of the stronger astral presences of the high council, let alone the guardians. Well at least he was back us among the astra she thought as she completed the final psychic links. She and Mruyadgi were now joined by Dean, Yachi, the two new planars; Billy and Jason and Peta, their computer expert. The others had already welcomed Mruyadgi and Dean and were asking how they were feeling but it was clear to all the planars there that they were weak. While their astral profiles were clearly recognizable, they seemed lifeless and slow. The brief response of 'Good thank you' required extra concentration from the planars and it had little effect on the dull auras of the two recently returned planars. Ana reminded herself that it was an improvement on the last time she had communicated with them and she had no right to be disappointed, When Yachi came across the psychic link, 'Let us begin.. perhaps we can start with your experience Ana?' 
Yachi had undoubtedly noticed what Ana had and quickly responded by moving into the meeting rather letting all the attention dwell on the two recently recovered guardians. And so Ana began retelling the dramatic events that took one of their old friends from them and beyond this realm;
'I was with Zhani, who is not currently planing with us.' Ana began referring to a guardian they had not seen or heard from since their recent high council meeting and subsequent split. 
'It was my second trip into the cyber-realm. After a tricky start there were quite a few of us there and while we were all still a little sceptical of this bizarre new realm we were coming to grips with the strange new sensations involved in planing there. Like most of us, I was concerned as we returned to the astral realm, following Yachi's instructions to us all across our psychic link. When we arrived back to the ports there were several other guardians waiting to be transported from the cyber-realm back to the astra. While I now know that we were returning because of what had recently happened to our friends, Dean and Mruyadgi at the time I had no idea what was happening. None of us seemed to know but we were all similarly suspicious and concerned and thinking about it since I'm glad I didn't know of the attack on Dean and Mruyadgi and the dangers we were fleeing. We waited what seemed an eternity with enough doubts and fears of this strange new realm growing in our idle minds. However, thanks to our new friend Peta.' she motions toward Peta as she continues
'Soon there were only a few of us remaining; Zhani, myself and our beloved and dearly missed friends Achachak and Lai. And that's when we were attacked.
It was physical, of metal and wires. It had no aura or other astral qualities.' Her aura becomes translucent and its brightness develops elements of a dull grey as she continues, One minute we were in the hub waiting for the ports to return to the astra and the next moment we were in encased and my astral sense became weak, Achachak and Lai were barely recognizable despite being next to me, I remember... feeling like I was entombed-'
'No, you must be mistaken, what attacked us was living, thinking. It was unlike anything weve encountered here, these robot creatures. It could have been of this cyber-realm but it was more astral, like us.' Dean interrupts sounding more like his old self than when he had first arrived to meet them.
'Well what I saw was nothing like that and seeing as you werent there Dean Id appreciate it if you didnt tell me what you dont know. Ill remember what happened for the rest of my days and Im certain that its unlike what you speak of.' Ana responds hotly. As the first and only lady on the high council Ana was used to clashing with other guardians, while Dean was used to being listened to and getting his way. In fact, this was not the first time they had disagreed and neither were in the habit of taking a backward step.
'Hold on you two. I think weve all seen enough arguing of late. All we want for now is to hear all the details from you both. After we have all the info then we can try and decipher what it may mean.' Yachi interjects and directs to Peta, 'What can you tell us of their encounters from your knowledge of the computers, Peta?'
'Ahh... Sure, first I have details of Dean and Mruyadgi' Peta responds slowly, taken by surprise at the abrupt change of direction in the meeting, 'So, for most of their session the behaviour I see from the network server is fairly unremarkable, they are behaving like any other type of web traffic. But then Mruyadgi's connection to the network becomes very weak, effectively disappearing from my reports and soon after both he and Dean disappear from the server logs and my reports.'
'That must have been when we were dragged from the cybersphere' Dean agrees with the report, 'Remember, Mruyadgi?'
'How could I forget' is his grave reply as Peta continues.
'When I first saw this I was surprised that the E-evac was later able to get you two away from your attacker and out of danger.'
'And luckily you did or we probably wouldn't be here with you now' Mruyadgi added and Peta continues outlining what she knows of their ordeal.
'I would have thought that after you two disappeared your connection to the server and to me would be lost. However you reappear in the logs a few minutes later and while it took several attempts, the E-evac did work. So your connection to the server seems to have remained despite dropping of the logs. There are still many things like this that surprise me with you astral planars and this cyber-realm. So Dean you think that what attacked you was another planar rather than a new type of internet traffic or computer software that you just hadn't seen before?'
'Yes, it definitely wasn't like data-trails or even cyberspheres and net-hubs and I guess it was different to what Ana saw,' he communicates slowly 'Because it was more, I guess human-like than the metals and wires which she spoke of but, I don't know that it was a planar it looked like something else again, certainly it was far more powerful than any of our astral profiles in the cyber-realm. Do you agree Mruyadgi?' 
Mruyadgi agrees and adds that their attacker came at them from outside their cybersphere as well as dragging them from it during the attack.
'Really,' notes Peta, 'well I don't know how I could track it... it may not even be possible but I won't give up yet, there are many things we don't understand here, so hopefully once we know more I can find a way.' 
'Nothing like this occurred to me.' adds Ana.
'So it seems we are talking of two different creatures' observes Yachi.
'And that's just what we've noticed so far' adds Jas.
'Well, let's just focus on what we know for now boys' Yachi responds quickly. 'What else can you tell us, Peta?'
'Not too much unfortunately, most of the network data relates to the planars, while there is a link between them and the network, we don't see all of what they see and we don't record all of the information they pass to us. I don't know what else I can say about what attacked Ana or Dean and Mruyadgi... I need to think more about what they have told us, maybe I can set something up so we can understand more of these creatures if they are encountered again...'
'Madre de dios!' Ana exclaims, 'I pray that it is not me that runs into either of these evil beasts'.
'So you were inside a cybersphere when you were attacked, Ana?' Peta asks.
'Yes. And I'm not sure I would ever leave them if what attacked Dean and Mruyadgi came from out there.'
'And the creature which attacked you, it came from within the cybersphere?'
'Yes. We were at the ports where we enter the cyber-realm when it attacked.'
'Will that help you Peta?' asks Billy, 'If the attack happened just outside the ports between this network and the internet, will that make it easier to get details of what happened?'
'It will' she replies, 'But it's no guarantee that I can find out very much about this creature. I still don't really know what I'm looking for, I've already reviewed the logs around the time when this occurred and there was nothing too unusual that I noticed. I can look again but I still don't really know what I'm looking for?'
'Is Achachak, well, is he still with us?' Jas asks the group. For some time there is only silence until Yachi responds,
'Unfortunately, despite the efforts of many of our fellow guardians, the worst has eventuated and our dear friend, Achachak, will not be returning from the astral realm to his physical body.' The mood remains solemn as silence quickly replaces Yachi across the psychic link until Jas, realising he has brought the delicate mood of the remaining planars down, hastily moves to another topic,
'So.. Peta, how did you get Dean and Mruyadgi away from this creature, whatever it was?'
'An E-evac. Though it didn't work when they first asked for help and I'm not sure why but neither of them responded to the commands from my computer. While this is strange it is not uncommon when accessing the internet, I've since investigated but found no details of anything particularly unusual, again. So I can't say if it was the internet or something related to the planars and their encounter.'
Jas continues once Peta is finished, 'So, it seems robots attacked Ana and... ahh, killed Achachak but other planars attacked Dean and Mruyadgi?'
Billy continues along his friend's train of thought, 'Yachi, what do you think's more of a concern? There could be thousands or even millions of the robots, Can they follow us through the internet and find our network? That's basically where Ana was attacked? And what about other planars like whatever Dean and Mruyadgi encountered? Could they be another entity that, like the cyber-realm has recently morphed from some mysterious power?'
'I don't believe anything like this has happened before, so I'm not sure if anything from the past is relevant.' Yachi says as he thinks of the history of the astra. 'It has been centuries since anything as monumental as the birth of a new astral world, little is known of how the astral realms we know actually formed.' He pauses before continuing, 'Though changes capable of creating a new realm could potentially create beings more powerful than anything we know despite many of us having spent many decades in the astra.'
'Aren't we forgetting something' says Ana. 'While the cyber-realm and the disturbance and all of these things seem to be throwing everything we know about the astra into turmoil, they don't necessarily explain every mystery we encounter in the cyber-realm. Psi spends all her time in the astra and Peta's report tells us that she was back in the cyber-realm. It's hard to believe she did not know of this disturbance before Yachi. Why did she not let the High Council know- was she trying to big note herself again? Much points to her being this disturbance.'

Chapter 12
There are many other things Deity would rather be doing, He could continue investigating the datatrail assemblies he recently discovered or be searching for more of the creatures that had not long ago escaped him. They seemed more like him than anything else he had seen in the cyber-realm but he knows nothing of them. Where did they come from? What is the source of their powers? Or how had they escaped him so suddenly and so easily? But all of this had to wait because he is recruiting. He's starting to recognize when this is required. When his energy wanes faster than usual and his rejuvenations at the source lack the burst of power he now expects. This has all been noticed, it all seems a little lifeless compared to the euphoria he's come to expect from trips to his source for replenishment. However this will be reversed, all it requires is more minions to fuel the source, another of his recruitment drives.
He already has a few, he thinks, looking back to the links he drags along behind him. But he knows it isn't yet enough to satisfy his appetite. So his search continues onto another net-hub. During his time in the cyber-realm he has been able to identify signs that highlight whether a net-hub may be suitable to his needs. The best hubs, like the one he is currently recruiting from, would rattle. It is only slight and could easily be missed, particularly by others without Deity's abilities; those who would be overawed by all that is occurring here in his dominion, the newly formed cyber-realm. But Deity is faultless in detecting these in his journeys through the internet, for those within are the source of his power. At nearly every net-hub he finds more willing captives. Sometimes only one or two, while others can provide up to a dozen or more, most of those present.
He gets an immediate boost with each new inductee, but the real benefit is when he gets them back to his source and they are added to that which created him; the driving force behind the supernatural powers which allow Deity to master all that is here within the realm he considers his own. As he gathers another victim he sees he has over a dozen links and while he could gather more he knows this is a sufficient volume, when combined with the existing bounty of his source to provide him with the rush and buzz that he craves.
Yes his powers and efforts in this realm aren't easy to maintain. He thinks as he heads back to his point of resurrection. The voracious craving for fuel that led to this parasitic link he calls his source. Deity has formed a link across the cybernetic realm to his minions and it guides him back now. Driven by his thirst for power and forged upon the desire of his captives for acceptance. In this newly created, constantly developing world, the boundaries between realms and what's possible readily blurred, as it has for Deity's appetite. Deity, however, is unconcerned and unaware of all this, focused only on the domination of this plane, a domination he has no intention of relenting.
As he approaches his destination with his bounty he is pleased and excited. The site seems empty, a stark contrast to the rest of this realm; buzzing constantly with activity and movement. Arriving, at what seems more wrong address than destination, Deity remembers when he first formed this place. He was lost in this strange new realm and weak from having spent so long with no lifeforce or power to drive him he had wasted away, and was on the brink of fading to nothing. But it was then, when he needed it most that he took his first step to becoming Deity. He had been such an insignificant, pathetic creature but it was here that his resurrection began. Transforming him into the all-powerful master of the cyber-realm he is today. And it had been so easy, even the first victim that gave him his power relented easily to his weak, desperate former self, many offered no resistance to his advances at all. Of course if they did now he could often overpower them and bend them to his will, all he needs is that first pleasing engagement. He looks back at his new pack and moves them within.
Directing the group forward with one of his limbs he engages them alongside those already enslaved here and he follows briskly, his hunger moving him among them. The site responds, suddenly coming to life with a glow. Energy surges through him as the new recruits combine with his existing supply. The power courses through his being; once more he is fully replenished, invincible.
But he is done now, though the feeling still tingles across his being the surrounds are not to his liking. His captives, both new and old are unworthy of his company, the only time he shall give them has already passed and while it is very enjoyable and critical to who he is, Deity is not one to linger. There is no need to rest and nothing to keep him here. Much to be done, much to be conquered he thinks as sets off through a nearby cybersphere, he could not stay still, let alone here if he tried.


Now that he is back from another meeting of what's left of the astral guardians and in the physical realm Jason can't stop thinking how slow and futile the guardians are with everything cyber-realm. They are still arguing & talking rather than exploring, improving... doing. How can they ever hope to master this realm when they never enter it! They hadn't become astral guardians by staying in the physical realm and talking about the astra. Surely they realise that to understand what is happening in the cyber-realm they must spend a lot more time within it! Jason thinks back to a conversation he recently had with Peta about the dangers the guardians had recently encountered in the cyber-realm. Peta had plenty of ideas, as always, about how they could better use the computers that she knows so well to defend themselves in this new realm. The two of them had tried a few out, some were more successful than others. But one in particular seems to offer plenty of advantages to a planar. It requires a navigator such as Peta to open several internet browser sessions using the network connection of the planar. They can then use this with their astral form and send images or internet sessions of anything available on the web to a victims net-hub or cybersphere.
He and Peta had done some preliminary testing and the results were very promising, alongside Billy they had both left the meeting so that they can continue testing the idea but this time with two planars. The extra planar will be better at gauging the impacts and results. Though Peta has seen a little by having another web session with a distinct IP address play the 'victim' in their previous tests, this has limitations. They need a better understanding of how it appears to another planar and Billy will be that planar. If things go well this could be something all the planars could use when they next entered the cyber-realm, allowing them to create a diversion during an attack or cover an evasion, who knew. But if it tested out OK the idea had enormous potential.
Jason is currently waiting in the guardian's network room where the three of them will soon continue the testing. They wanted to involve Yachi but he was always so busy, Jason couldn't get a hold of him during the meeting, let alone before it. But there is no point waiting any longer, if they progress it further they will have even more to show him.
Jason is glad Peta is only involved on the computer side and not in the cyber-realm where she would often be in danger like Billy, Yachi or any of the others. While Jason doesn't want anything to happen to anyone he would hate to know Peta is regularly exposed to the danger and volatility of the cyber-realm like they are. Of course it's this danger that makes it so exciting; the creation of a new world simply can't be missed. All the risks mean care has to be taken; just not to the point where they miss this opportunity. Rather they have to learn how to protect themselves by using ideas like the one he is about to test with Billy and Peta. The testing had already uncovered some limitations such as it having no effect on data trails or other robots of the cyber-realm. Hopefully more testing would uncover greater understanding and the sooner they get started the sooner he and the rest of the planars can make use of it.
Who knows what may have happened to Achachak and the other guardians if they had access to this idea when they were recently attacked. They may have been able to protect themselves against the dangers they faced. With the excitement of the new realm and some overconfidence based on all their previous experience planing the astra, no-one considered the possible dangers here or the need to protect themselves. And there had been signs that the cyber-realm was unlike the rest of the astra. It exhibited the physical property, resistance, which none of the guardians with all their experience had felt elsewhere in the astra. Then there were the major difficulties almost all of them experienced when they first attempted to plane here. These warnings were obviously not given enough consideration.
Jason hears a rattle at the door as Peta returns to the network room after running a few errands.
'Hi honey. I'm back' she greets him.
'Hi babe, how'd you go?' Jason says before he embraces and kisses her.
'Good'. It's nearly all taken care of except for Claire's birthday present but I'll have more of a look at the Glebe markets on Saturday'
'Cool. Billy shouldn't be far away and I've got all the PCs and everything ready'
'Thank you!' she says with a big smile. 'Did you remember to reboot the routers and restart those services?' she asks as she unloads a few shopping bags beside a backpack she brought with her earlier.
'Of course'
They continue chatting, moving closer as they do, their fingers touch and hands clasp before another noise by the doorway grabs their attention and pulls their hands apart.
'Wow, this sounds awesome! What you were saying on the phone is for real right? Let's get started! Hi Peta, how are you?' Billy enters the network room at a million miles an hour. Jason and Peta's conversation remains on hold as Billy happily absorbs all of their attention. Jason has seen this many times before and he wonders if his friend will be able to relax enough to enter the astral realm in a few minutes. Peta is still a little stunned by Billy's intensity and the dramatic change of mood in the room as he leans over and pecks her cheek.
'Yes mate', Jason responds to his friend, 'it's for real, you'll see soon enough'
'Ready when you are! I've got a great idea for you buddy, can't wait to show you!'
'OK, settle down  you've still gotta enter the astra remember'
'Yeah, yeah OK.. it's pretty exciting though?'
'Mate, wait til you try it! This is gonna be sick fun. But it is serious too, we've gotta make sure we know how this works well enough so we can use it for real, if we encounter any danger'
'Sure, let's get cracking!'
'Are you ready to start, hon?' Jason asks Peta and Billy grins at his friend when he uses the intimate 'hon' for his new girlfriend.
'Sure just gimme a moment' Peta replies blushing slightly.
So the boys lie down and begin to meditate in preparation for entering the astra and then the cyber-realm while Peta sits at one of the computer terminals and readies the network. A few weeks ago Peta made the mistake of yelling out to the boys that she was almost ready, during a similar stage to where they currently are. This interrupted the boys meditative states and meant a delay of a few minutes to enter the astra and then be noticed on the computer network. She now knew it takes them about three to four minutes, apparently it had, even a few weeks ago, taken them up to ten minutes just to reach the astra, let alone the cyber-realm, only a month earlier. As they say 'Practice makes perfect'. She thinks as she waits for the computer to 'blip' announcing their arrival on the network. For unlike the remaining guardians the boys had been spending plenty of time in the cyber-realm and it showed. They are now much quicker to enter the astra and untroubled by datatrails and other web-robots, even firewalls within it.
Peta detects them on the network now, they are entering the cyber-realm. She opens several additional browser windows for the two new connections which represent the boys as well as a few for herself to scout the web as the planars move through it. Some of the additional windows are for the testing of the new idea, Jason would be explaining how it works to Billy now.
All their practice can be noted upon the boys' astral profile too. They blaze; similar to the natives of the cyber-realm but much more powerfully. Now more than energy forms, they are compressed capsules of life, a fusion of human and cybernetic. A thinking entity unleashed into the freedom of this powerful new world. They easily bustle through cyberspheres, net-hubs even firewalls. The nightmarish qualities of the cyber-realm's robots and dangers have kept the other guardians pondering, worrying and far from the newly discovered realm.  But this apprehension, also felt by Jason and Billy has now been replaced with irreverence. Details of the world blur as they quickly move through the chaos that once hindered them; maddened them.
Now within the cyber-realm Jason demonstrates how to send the web images to Billy, he is starting with cats, a pet hate of Billy's. Dozens of images and videos bombard them as Jason directs the multitude of responses in one of the browser sessions toward his friend.
'Very clever, mate' Billy responds across their psychic link, 'but be careful what you start'
'Well the demonstration has to be effective. And choosing the material is critical to this tool working for us.' Jason responds. 'See how the datatrails aren't really affected by this? Other than slowing them down a little if we generate a lot of extra traffic. We believe this is the case for other web-robots but need to investigate more for confirmation. The better you know or understand the target the better your choice of material and the greater the effect. Peta has set both of us up for this, can you feel the other browser windows? You need to direct part of your energy back to them. They will be back at the network room where we first enter the cyber-realm.'
'OK, I'm directing back there now' Billy responds. His aura becomes a little lighter.
'I can see, all of you is leaving this net-hub.' Jason observes. Billy's profile has become hazy and the fog-like apparition has partially drifted out a nearby cybersphere. 'I did a similar thing initially, while you need to direct some of your energy back it is only some, you must retain your focus here at our present location. It's kinda similar to the transition we make from a meditative physical state into the astra but there most of us transitions to the astra, while here we only want a small part of our energy to partition and become mobile. Does that make any sense? I found it helped to focus back to my meditative state, with all the action and excitement here it is easy to forget that we are actually meditating back in the physical realm. 
With that in mind you need to...well, perform a similar transformation to entering the astra but only partially and then 'offshoot' back to our base while remaining here in the cyber-realm. It's difficult to explain but I'm sure you'll get the hang of it, you just need a bit of practice.'
'OK, I'll have another go' Billy replies his profile now fully intact back with Jason in the net-hub.
'Remember to start with the meditation and take your time.'
Jason waits while Billy makes another attempt. He considers confirming everything is ready with Peta but he knows it will be. He stays silent rather than risk disturbing Billy. He recalls how difficult this was the first time, even now after successfully accessing another web session and sending images and videos at the target several times it still takes him time and complete concentration. Billy's profile remains unchanged, Hopefully Billy is focused on his meditative state and ready to make this tricky separation Jason thinks. When they first attempted to enter the astra Yachi would direct them to focus on their breathing. But now that they have already left their physical selves this will be difficult and won't really help because their physical breathing is occurring sub-consciously. They need to engage into their conscious mind and thoughts here in the astra then split off a fragment of this to return to their base where it can direct another session through the cyber-realm and send distressing images to the chosen target.
At least that is the latest theory Peta and Jason have. And while it makes sense and describes what they have seen through their testing so far, like much they encounter in this strange new realm, they just don't know. If Yachi was here he could probably help them understand all of this better but he is off with the rest of the guardians, still talking about what happened last week and whether they would dare do something. Jason isn't even sure if Yachi would approve of what they are doing here.
Billy's profile changes, distracting Jason. The centre of Billy's form seems to bubble and gradually elongates. This newly formed blob is distinct from the limb-like shapes of his humanoid form, it continues to grow, wobbling now that it's larger before suddenly shrinking back toward Billy's profile. The wobbling becomes violent momentarily before it grows again becoming a larger, more distinct entity rather than an extension of Billy's astral form. Jason reminds himself to ask Billy what it looks like when he undergoes this change as a small fragment of Billy's consciousness completes the split from his astral profile and moves haphazardly toward a nearby cybersphere. Its course wavers across all points of the compass but it continues slowly onward, almost colliding with the net-hub wall as it enters the cybersphere. As the fragment disappears from the net-hub Jason's attention returns to the remainder of Billy's profile. It is no longer wobbling or bubbling though Billy's aura is distinctively blue. While he is clearly excited by his progress at this new task there are no other signs on his profile that part of him has been removed.
'Sweet! It looks like you've made the split and you're heading back for the other internet connection. Well done!' 
Jason offers some brief encouragement to his friend. 'Keep it up, you're getting close now'.
'Peta you should see him soon' Jason updates Peta across the psychic link.
'OK, I'm ready to go' she replies.
From their previous testing they found that the navigator such as Peta could detect a briefly discernible increase of incoming traffic across the otherwise idle browser sessions they have established when the planar - Billy - engages one of these sessions. Once the planar starts directing this session through the cyber-realm the changes are much more obvious and easily gauged by the navigator.
'I think we might have initial contact' Peta observes.
Jason continues observing his friend's unaltered profile. There is simply no sign that part of him is returning to their home base to engage another web session. They have talked previously about the effects of injuries in the cyber-realm. While the possibilities could be as grave as those Achachak and Lai felt there are probably also others, less dramatic but as they spend more time in this strange new realm these are things they need to understand and probably monitor. They aren't sure if the physical element unique to this realm mean injuries here can manifest upon them physically. He and Billy have recognized that their profiles have changed here, taking on some of the characteristics that distinguish the cyber-realm from others, including some elements that border upon physical such as how the web-robots they move through now seem to be pushed aside a little as they pass, something that definitely wasn't happening when they began planing here.
Moving easily through data-trails and other web-robots as they now can is consistent with a non-physical profile and similar to how their astral profiles pass through walls, buildings and even people unhindered. But moving web-robots aside as they passed suggests a physical element developing within their profile as does the changes in their appearance here. Which opens up many questions about other effects of this development, such as the potential for physical injuries? Could these transfer across the borders of several realms to their physical bodies back in the physical realm?
Jason's thoughts are suddenly interrupted by a chocolate cake slowly materializing before him then a custard tart joins it. Jason sees, feels, almost tastes the images   which are followed by various other sweets. He forgets his previous thoughts and is captivated by hunger pangs and his sweet tooth when he recalls what he is here for; Billy! 
'Great work mate, these have worked really well! The images are clear and they engaged all my senses.'
'Awesome! So is it time to go to the bakery?'
'Tempting! But now you're ready we might do some more testing. First we wanna see that other web-robots aren't affected by these images and videos etc just like data-trails. So first we need to find some web-robots or guinea pigs'


The remaining guardians continue to discuss the recent cyber-realm attacks and whether their former colleague Psi may somehow be involved.
Ana is currently promoting her opinion across the psychic link in the guardian's 'personal realm' while the remaining guardians listen, 'Let me remind you that Psi chose to leave us, possibly forever, at the last high- council meeting.. No-one requested her or Starlight or any of the others to do so but they did! Clearly they're hiding their involvement with some power in the cyber-realm probably one of those from the recent encounters that caused such harm to our fellow guardians?'
'Surely not!' Yachi responds quickly. 'While I have rarely seen things as Starlight and Psi do, they have been part of the guardians for a long time and I can't believe they would wish harm onto any of us. It was the violence and danger of this new realm which was the main cause of their leaving the astral guardians'
Ana does not counter Yachi's opinion though it clearly differs from hers. She knows that Yachi was Psi's mentor and he has always been proud of her progress from troubled but talented youngster to astral guardian. Ana recalls Yachi describing the many steps required to address her psychological scars and their impacts to both the physical and astral worlds as one of the most rewarding projects in all his years as a teacher. She also knew the reduction of the guardians to few more than a handful had taken its toll on her old friend so she was happy to let this go for now. Dean, however, was not,
'How can you be sure, my friend? What if that was just a decoy and their true purpose is to gain power from this new world before anyone else does? Not only do they have a head-start on us but they've been involved in most of our discussions on this topic and our attempts to investigate it. They've seen us assemble this computer room, they know what little we've learnt from within the cyber-realm plus whatever knowledge they've gained of their own' Dean responds.
'While Psi is clearly back in the cyber-realm and we weren't aware of this, it doesn't mean she is involved with the attacks on our colleagues, the disturbance or any of the other things we don't currently understand in the cyber-realm. She would have been incredibly embarrassed by her failed and very public attempt to enter the cyber-realm. This is a likely explanation for why she returned there in secret, she has always been very insecure and vulnerable.' Yachi defends his former student's unusual behaviour again.
Yachi continues, 'Remember Peta spoke of the limitations of what the computers and the reports told her. There was little she could tell us of the creatures which attacked our colleagues despite one of the attacks occurring right outside our doorstep, we should be very careful of reading too much into what she was able to tell us. I believe we need to continue our explorations of the cyber-realm and we need to do so with an open mind.'
Dean makes another point, 'Psi's astral powers mean she has the potential to be the equal of any of the guardians if not the type of force which had attacked them or the disturbance to the astra which first led us to the cyber-realm yet continued to confuse/elude us. It seems more than just a coincidence that she is secretively planing the cyber-realm during the attacks! While we can't be certain, as you have just said, we must acknowledge all possibilities. But rather than get too far ahead of ourselves, let's confirm what we do know. The creature that attacked Ana seems to be a web-robot like the many others that we have seen, it seems unlikely that this is the astral disturbance which Yachi initially detected that led him to the cyber-realm.'
There is agreement across the room, including Ana, to Dean's statement as Yachi continues the conversation,
'We still don't know if this disturbance is the new realm itself or a creature or group within, like what attacked Dean & Mruyadgi?'
'No, but we have determined that these encounters involved two different creatures. And while both are clearly capable of endangering us, only one seems like it could be causing the astral disturbance ' adds Ana.
'Which could also be due to the transformation of the internet into an astral realm?' Dean notes.
Among other possibilities.' Mruyadgi contributes to the conversation much to the delight of his fellow guardians who miss his typically jovial and involved manner.
'I'm more concerned that we don't know what the creature Dean and I encountered is, the damage its capable of causing or how to stop it, let alone know its intentions!' I hope that we will find this disturbance soon and that it is not one of the recently departed astral guardians. For the combination of their powers in this new realm and knowledge of the high council would be disastrous to what remain of us.' Yachi muses.
'What else lurked out there in the cyber-realm? There's clearly much we don't know from the disturbance to our recent attackers...Will we see those creatures again and will we fare any better if we do?' Ana continues
'We need to increase our understanding in the cyber-realm and become more comfortable in there so that, like the rest of the astra we regard it as a second home. And we need to be able to defend ourselves. I have a few thoughts and ideas for this final item but they need further consideration. Yachi says, 'however, if my intuition - plus a few things I've noticed from Jason and Peta - are correct there may be more than just my ideas to help us. I will find out and let you know when next we meet'

