
WhiteSpace
EPISODE 1
Plus Sneak Peeks at the Yesterday's Gone & ForNevermore Series
Smashwords Edition

Copyright  2012 by Sean Platt & David Wright. All rights reserved 
Cover copyright  2012 by David W. Wright


This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, businesses, events, or locales is purely coincidental. The authors have taken great liberties with locales including the creation of fictional towns (and islands!) Reproduction in whole or part of this publication without express written consent is strictly prohibited.

This eBook is for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to others. If youd like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this copy and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the authors.

Visit: CollectiveInkwell.Com
Layout and design by Collective Inkwell
CollectiveInkwell.Com
Published by Collective Inkwell at Smashwords

* * * *

Dedication:
To You, the reader.

* * * *

CHAPTER 1
Milo Anderson Part 1

In the not too distant future
Hamilton Island K-12
Hamilton Island, Washington
Friday
September 1
7:15 a.m.


Where in the hell is Mr. Heller?
Milo glanced at the clock, again. It wasnt like the teacher to be late. And while the rest of Mr. Roger Hellers 11th grade English Literature & Composition class were clearly enjoying their few moments of unexpected free time, Milo wanted it to end immediately since Manny wouldnt shut the hell up.
So, are you gonna do it? Are you? Manny asked for the third time.
Milo turned to his right, where Katie and Jessica were talking a mile a minute in front of Jessicas desk two rows over, to make sure they hadnt heard, then turned back to his left, where Manny sat like a big, stupid dog that didnt know how far the sound of his barking carried.
Shut up, Milo whispered. I already said I dont wanna talk about it, especially not here.
What? Manny said, again, even louder. They cant hear me. He leaned toward Milo, but didnt lower his voice. So are ya gonna ask her, or not?
I dont know, Milo whispered, wishing Manny would drop it. He never should have said anything to Manny or Alex when they were hanging out in front of the school before the first bell.
The moment that Manny heard a tasty bit of gossip, he was all over it, and wouldnt let it go until hed talked over every little detail. Sometimes, Manny seemed more like a girl in that aspect than the girls they hung out with. 
At least Manny had the smarts to stop yammering when Jessica and Katie joined them under the flagpole. But now that they were in class, Manny wouldnt, or couldnt, shut up, despite the fact that Jessica, the subject of this particular piece of gossip, was just two rows away from them. 
But its perfect timing! Manny insisted. Its her birthday. She cant turn you down on her birthday! Thats like socially illegal.
Milo turned again, praying the girls hadnt overheard the word birthday. If they had, then everything would be doomed.
Tomorrow was Jessicas 17th birthday, and everyone was getting together at Milos house for a surprise party for her. Not a large party, just their immediate circle of friends  himself, Manny, Jessica, Alex, and Katie. 
Milo planned to finally reveal his true feelings for Jessica  feelings hed harbored in secret for at least four years.
The only reason Milo had even asked the guys for their advice, and divulged his secret, was because Alexs girlfriend, Katie, was best friends with Jessica. Surely, Katie wouldve said something if she knew how Jessica felt.
I dont know, Alex had said. Katies never said anything one way or another. But I say go for it. Ive seen the way Jessica looks at you. And shes always asking what youre up to. 
Really? Why the hell didnt you tell me before? Milo asked, playfully shoving his best friend. How long has this been going on?
Just recently, Alex said. I think a better question is why didnt you tell me you were into Jessica until now?
Yeah, what the hell, man? Manny said, trying to be part of a conversation that didnt really need him. From that moment on, the big dork had focused on nothing but Milo and Jessica. Milo practically expected him to start singing, Milo and Jessica sitting in a tree
The girls had arrived a few minutes later, and the conversation had died... until Manny started up after they got to class.
I say go for it, Manny said. I agree with Alex. Jessica wants you.
Milo turned, praying she hadnt heard her name mentioned.
Katie and Jessica were looking at him and whispering. Jessica giggled, and Milo looked down as if studying the carving on his desk. It said, God can see you, and looked like it had been there forever.
Manny laughed, Theyre talking about you.
Shut up, Milo whispered again, wondering if they were, and feeling his face turn red. Maybe Alex said something to Jessica when she was walking with him to his first class.
Shit, I knew I shouldnt of said anything.
Milo grabbed his cell and texted Alex, hoping hed left his phone on vibrate, rather than ringtone.

Did u tell Katie abt me likin Jess? he texted.
A full minute passed, then:
No y? Alex texted back.
No rsn. Wheres ur dad? Hes late.
Dunno hvnt sn him. He left early. shld b thr.

Mr. Heller was Alexs dad, and he was never this late. Usually, he was in class an hour before the school doors opened, which was why Alex usually walked to school or caught a ride with Katie on the days her mom let her drive the car they shared. At least thats the reason Alex gave for not coming in with his dad.
Milo suspected something else, however; that Alex was embarrassed by his dad. As cool and laid back as Alex was, Mr. Heller was nerdy, straight-laced, and talked like someone from one of those old TV shows with the big happy, and thoroughly unrealistic, families. The girls flirted with Mr. Heller and the guys pretended to care about his lectures, and Mr. Heller was too oblivious to see they were messing with him.Despite the heckling, students generally seemed to like him, though. He was lenient, not prone to mood swings like many of the teachers, and youd have to be an idiot to get anything less than a B in his class. 
Mr. Heller was dorky, clueless, and wore clothes about 15 years out of style.
But Mr. Heller was never late.
Milo hoped they didnt have a substitute. Subs always gave them busy work. One of the cool things about Mr. Heller, and the reason the kids probably liked him most, was that Mr. Heller spent at least half the class talking. And it was the kind of talking which he never quizzed students on, so you could catch a few Zs, which made the class Milos favorite first period since Home Economics in 8th Grade. 
The door to the classroom squeaked opened behind them, and the class fell silent, except for the sound of students rushing back to their desks and cracking open their books as if they were earnestly attempting to unlock the finer points of grammar.
Manny had his book open, but it was upside down. Milo laughed at his idiot friend and made a face, then gestured toward the book.
Manny looked down, eyes widened, then laughed and turned the book right side up.
Idiot.
Katie took her seat behind Manny, and gave Milo a suspicious look. Milo turned away quickly, feeling his face turn red again.
Alex did tell her! Or maybe she heard Manny Big Mouth.
Milo looked to his right to see if Jessica was also looking at him. But her eyes were up front, as was the attention of the rest of the class. 
Mr. Heller sat his briefcase on the desk, then straightened his shirt, which was uncharacteristically wrinkled and half untucked, with one tail spilling down below his waist.He looked nervous, or . . . scared.
Milo turned to see if Manny had noticed. He had, making a face at Milo as if to say, Whats up with Mr. Heller?
Katie wore the same expression, as did the rest of the class.
Mr. Heller stood behind his desk, hands on either side of his closed briefcase, as though exhausted, too tired even to lift his head and look his students in their eyes. His hair, usually precisely combed in the exact same old-fashioned style, was all messed up; a sweaty mop atop his head.
Class with Mr. Heller began exactly the same way every day. Hed wait for the students to settle down, giving them a full minute after the final bell before he stood up, turned to the whiteboard, and then neatly wrote the topic of the days conversation. Once the topic was recorded in neat black lines on the whiteboard, hed turn to the class, and say something like, Good morning, class. Today were going to discuss foreshadowing, or whatever subject hed written. Most days, hed also throw in a terrible pun to kick things off.
Mr. Heller was such a stickler for routine that Milo could easily imagine the man starting his weekend mornings the same way at home, in front of a whiteboard with the words bacon and eggs written on it. Good morning, family. Today were going to have bacon and eggs. Heres a little joke I heard. This one will crack you up.
Seeing Mr. Heller just standing there, staring down at his desk, was unsettling enough to send a shiver down Milos spine.
Are you okay? Stephanie Blankencamp said from her front row desk.
Mr. Heller said nothing.
Instead, he turned around, grabbed a black dry erase marker, and started to scribble on the whiteboard. His handwriting, normally block-perfect and in a straight line, was wild and erratic, like he was writing in an angry rush.

The whiteboard read: Eleven

Eleven? What the hell? Is that how many beers he drank before class?
Milo turned to Manny and Katie, the three of them exchanging quiet confusion. Milo then looked over to Jessica, who was staring back with the same bewildered and nervous expression.
Mr. Heller turned from the whiteboard, finally meeting the eyes of the classroom. His face was clammy, and his eyes were bloodshot. His hands were shaking as he turned his head back and forth, as if he were counting students. . . or searching for someone.
He looked down at his desk again, then opened his briefcase with a loud snapping sound. He stared into the briefcase for what seemed an eternity, as Milo, and probably the entire class, wondered what he was looking at. Had the class done so poorly on their reports the previous week that Heller couldnt bring himself to pick up the stack of graded papers?
Mr. Heller reached into the briefcase and pulled out a pistol.
Time stopped for Milo, even as a million things seemed to happen around him at once. 
First, Manny laughed, like Mr. Heller was going to show them a cool trick or joke or something using the gun as a prop. Or perhaps it was the nervous laugh of a brain which hadnt quite registered the threat. But someone else, Amber Riley, screamed. Several students gasped.
Mr. Heller aimed the gun and fired, shooting Tommy Hopkins, the schools star rower, right in the face. The gunfire was thunder in the enclosed classroom, like an explosion in Milos ears as Tommy fell to the ground.
Chaos erupted as Mr. Heller turned, as calm as a man choosing his doughnuts from behind the glass, and fired another shot, then another, barely audible over the high-pitched ringing between Milos temples. One shot missed one of the students and sailed through the wall into the next classroom. Milo heard muffled screams from next door. Had the bullet hit someone, or were they screaming in response to the sound of gunshots?
Students scrambled in every direction but with one destination in mind  out of the classroom. Milo remained rooted to his desk, unable to think straight, much less move. And then something caught his attention. Jessica was running toward him, eyes and mouth wide open. He had to get up and protect her.
But he was too late. Milos eyes shifted from Jessica to just over her left shoulder, where Mr. Hellers blurred figure came into crystal-clear focus, gun aimed directly at Jessica.
No!
Milo opened his mouth to warn her, but his speech was cut short by the thunder of another gunshot which sent Jessica forward, and straight into him. Milo, Jessica, and his desk tumbled in a painful collision of flesh, wood, metal, and carpet.
And blood, spreading across the front of Jessicas powder blue sweater.
Jessica stared up at him, scared and searching for a reason. She said something, but her voice was muffled as if he were hearing it through a wall of cotton. He pulled her to him, as though he could protect her from more bullets.
The gunshots stopped, and the only sound was the whistling in Milos ears.
Milo turned his head and saw another victim of Mr. Hellers gun  Manny lying in a river of blood. He appeared to have been shot in the stomach. His eyes were glassy, but he wasnt dead. Yet. He was staring back at Milo, eyes pleading for help.
Just as Milo wondered where Mr. Heller had gone in all the madness, the teacher appeared, walking toward them, gun drawn in his shaky hand.
Milo wanted to get up, knock the gun away, or do something. But he was still paralyzed on the spot, afraid that hed do the wrong thing and get himself or his friends killed. He looked down to see Jessicas blood seeping into his shirt and jeans. Her eyes were closing, and he prayed that Mr. Heller would keep walking out of the class and past them, so he could save his friends, even if he had no idea how he intended to do so.
Mr. Heller paused, looking at Manny with hollow eyes, and his expression drifted from nervous to one of bottomless sorrow. He kneeled beside the boy, face almost apologetic. Manny began to tremble, unable to move as Mr. Heller leaned down and said something to him.
Milo couldnt hear what Mr. Heller said, or read his lips. But whatever he said, seemed to remove the fear in Mannys eyes. 
Milos mind was suddenly focused on the acrid scent of piss, though he wasnt sure if it was Manny, Jessica, Mr. Heller, or himself who had lost control.
Mr. Heller turned to Milo and held his eyes.
Milo winced, preparing for death.
Why is he doing this? Why is he going to shoot me? What did I ever do to him?
Oh God, I dont want to die.
Please, dont kill me, Milo cried, tears streaming down his face. Im friends with Alex. You know me!
Hearing his sons name seemed to waken something in Mr. Hellers eyes. He stared at Milo as tears dripped down his face. He looked back at the whiteboard and pointed at the word, eleven with the gun.
What does that mean? What the hell is eleven?
Mr. Heller then raised the pistol, but not at Milo. 
Instead, Mr. Heller parted his lips and shoved the gun into his open mouth.
Oh God, no!
Mr. Heller pulled the trigger and Milo screamed.

* * * *

CHAPTER 2
Alex Heller


Wednesday 
September 6
noon


Just like that. In a flash. Everything was gone.
Before he killed himself, Alexs father shot and killed five of his students, including Jessica. He shot Manny and put him in a coma. And seemingly by accident, shot and killed a teacher, Sarah Hughes, in the next classroom.
And all Alex had were questions, and a bottomless well of grief.
No matter how many different ways he tried to pull sense from the senseless, Alex could not make sense of the tragedy. This was the kind of thing you saw on TV, that happened to other people, not to his friends  not to his family. 
Everything felt like a bad dream where he hoped to wake up any minute and find things normal again. Except he wasnt waking up. Nobody was. This nightmare was real and had shaken the entire island to its core.
Neither Milo nor Katie would return his calls.
He wasnt sure if it was because they didnt want to talk to him, or if their parents had forbidden them to talk to the son of the madman.
Alex sat in his bedroom, staring blankly at the television as it broadcast collages of the funerals from earlier, photos of the victims, photos of his father, reporters standing outside the school, a flock outside the funeral home, and even the islands most famous celeb, Jon Conway, though Alex wasnt sure what the hell he had to do with this. The only thing Alex was grateful for was that the reporters were finally gone from the front of his house.
The TV cut to a reporter in front of the islands police station, where Alexs mom was now, answering yet more questions she didnt have answers to. Probably variations of the same questions theyd asked him.

Do you know why your father did this?
How long has your dad owned a gun?
Did he ever talk about any of his victims?
Has he ever hit you?
Has he ever hit your mother or sister?

Alexs answer was the same for all the questions. No.
Alex was as shocked as anyone else, if not more so.
Since he didnt have answers, the police ransacked their house, seizing every computer, flash drive, and journal his father had kept over the years. Alex wondered if theyd yet found some answer in the evidence they took, and maybe that was why his mom was down at the police station.
He watched as the TV showed a blonde reporter talking. He didnt bother turning the volume up. Not like theyd said anything new since Friday, just speculation heaped on top of sensationalism. After the reporter said her piece, the TV flashed to a familiar video that Alex had almost forgotten about, an interview with Alexs dad after hed won a Washington State Teacher of the Year award three years ago, a prestigious honor for the island and the school, in particular.
Alex turned the volume up to hear his father discussing the importance of connecting with students and how he used stories to teach. As his father spoke through the TV, Alex felt a sudden hollow in his stomach, realizing that confiscated computers meant confiscated photos of his father. This video on the news might be the only chance hed get to hear his fathers voice again. Alex grabbed his TV remote and hit record on the DVR to record the segment.
His father looked so happy in the video. 
So normal.
So unlike the man who opened fire in his classroom, who killed his own students. It made no sense. Alexs father was a devoted man, who often spent his own time and money to help teach his students, above and beyond the job. He loved teaching and he loved his students. His dad was practically a genius. Surely, he could have struck it rich had he done anything other than teach.
For his father to do something like this, there had to be something wrong.
If that were the case, the next question was, for how long had something been wrong? The sting of guilt for not noticing was sharp. While their family was relatively close, especially compared to other families Alex knew, it wasnt like they had real conversations, at least not many that went more than a few inches below the surface. Alex was wrapped up in his own world, with his own problems, and rarely allowed his parents a glimpse inside, or looked beyond his to see into their worlds.
If things were different, would he have seen the signs? 
Could he have prevented the massacre?
The TV returned to a scene outside one of the funerals. Alex lowered the volume, stared at his cell phone, then dialed Milo again.
Still no answer.
He left a voicemail. His fourth.
Please, Milo. Call me. I need to talk to someone, he said, trying not to cry. 
He hung up, feeling stupid for talking about his needs, when Jessica, the girl Milo had a big crush on, was dead, and their closest friend, Manny, was in the hospital in a coma and on life support. 
As long as hed been friends with Milo, Alex had been the more popular of the two. Milo had always been his nerdy sidekick. But he loved the guy like a brother. Milo was hysterical, and into the same games, movies, and stuff Alex liked. He was the perfect hangout buddy, never too serious, never depressing, despite his family problems, and almost always around. Perhaps the coolest thing about Milo, was that he was an awesome writing partner. The two had written several scripts together, TV shows and movies they hoped to someday pitch to Hollywood. But suddenly, none of that mattered.
Whatever friendship they had was severed by the inexplicable actions of Alexs dad.
Alex considered calling Jesus, Mannys brother, to get an update on Mannys situation beyond the TV reports. But Alex figured that he was the last person in the world that Jesus, or his family, wanted to hear from.
He set the phone on his bed and crawled under his covers, listening to the soft white noise bleeding through the baby monitor. His six month old sister murmured in her sleep, and he hoped she wasnt gonna wake up soon. Aubrey was too young to understand that Daddy is in heaven, and kept looking for their father, waiting for him to come back home. It broke Alexs heart, and he wasnt very good at comforting his sister. At least if his mom were there, she could cuddle with Aubrey and distract her. 
Alex felt a flash of anger at his father.
How could he do this? To his students? To his family?
But as soon as the flash came, Alex felt more guilt. 
His father wouldnt do this. Something mustve been wrong with him. There was no other explanation. 
Alex closed his eyes, exhausted.  
He needed a nap. 
He rested his head on a pillow, but only for a minute before the itch at the back of his head worked its way forward and forced him to his feet.

Alex opened the door to his fathers office and flicked on the overhead light. He stepped inside, picturing his dad sitting behind his desk, facing the doorway, looking up from his work and smiling. He hadnt always smiled when interrupted; most times, he was too busy to even look up. But Alex chose to remember the times he had looked up, happy to see him. 
The office was a disaster. The cops had tossed books from shelves, dumped boxes unceremoniously onto the ground, and pulled all the drawers out of his desk, leaving them sitting in a pile. Wires and cables were tangled atop his desk where his father had his computer set up so neatly just a few days ago. 
The office looked like it had been robbed. And in a way, it had been, of everything his father had created.
Alex felt a sudden rage at the cops for leaving this mess for him and his mother to clean. 
He grabbed one of the empty cardboard boxes that had been in the closet loaded with files and school paperwork, then sat on the ground and started putting stuff away. He didnt know what he could do to help his mom through this, but there was no reason she should have to clean the cops mess. And maybe, if the cops hadnt taken everything important, Alex might find some answer to why his father snapped.

Hed been cleaning for about 20 minutes, and had gotten through the bulk of the mess, putting it into boxes and books back onto the bookcase. He wasnt sure what they would do with all of his dads stuff.
There was something so alien about a persons possessions once that person was gone. It was almost as if they took on new properties  ordinary made special, mundane made magic, and junk turned to treasure imbibed with memories  somehow transformed by the absence of their owner.
It gave Alex an idea for a short story about a dead mans possessions mourning their owner. He filed the idea away to mention to Milo, and then wondered if he and Milo would ever write together again.
Or was their friendship as dead as the bodies being buried this week?
Alex picked up an old baseball off the ground and placed it back on a wooden stand on the bookcase. Alex wondered what the ball meant to his dad. It wasnt signed by anyone, nor did it appear to be from a professional baseball game, at least as far as Alex could tell. Alex had seen it a hundred times, yet never thought to ask his dad what made the ball so special.
Alex was surprised to find so many books by authors he liked, such as Stephen King, Clive Barker, George R.R. Martin, Ray Bradbury, Neil Gaiman, and Phillip K. Dick, among the tomes of classic literature.
Alex had never known his dad was into so many of the same authors as he was, and felt the same hollow thud that had been thrumming through his body all morning. He should have known more about his father; a few minutes here and there might have made all of the difference in the world. 
It wasnt as though they never discussed fiction.
Theyd talked about writing a lot, in fact. His dad had always wanted to be a novelist, and had started a few books over the years, but hed never let Alex read them. He said he wanted to wait until hed written something he could be proud to show his son.
Though Alexs dad was a harsh critic of his own work, hed always been supportive of Alexs efforts. He seemed to genuinely enjoy many of Alexs stories, though he didnt shy away from offering constructive criticism. Alex regretted not showing his dad the scripts he and Milo had been working on. He had wanted to wait until they were polished, more mature, something which Milo could feel proud of. 
But now . . .
Alex closed his eyes, wanting to cry, to let it all out.
But he couldnt.
He hadnt cried since the shooting, even though he was sad, devastated, and all the things that should make you cry. But the tears hadnt come. 
Why? 
Alex wondered if that meant he didnt really love his dad.
He picked up a photo from the box, of him and his dad down at the shore on the north side of the island before it was fenced off. Theyd spent the weekend, just the two of them together, camping and fishing. Alex was eight and holding the tiniest fish you could probably catch with a hook. It was his first fish and the bobber almost dwarfed the thing, but to Alex, at the time, it had been the size of a whale. His dad had held the camera outstretched to squeeze them both into the frame, and though the picture was slightly out of focus, it managed to capture the magic of the moment. The photo was in a thick brown frame, placed prominently on his fathers desk. His dad said he put it there to remind him why he worked so hard, and so hed remember the things that were truly important.
A man like that doesnt shoot up his classroom.
Not my dad.
The sound of the doorbell repeatedly ringing broke the silence, and sent a fresh panic flooding through Alex.
Someone was pressing the doorbell over and over, as if the house were on fire.
What the hell? Alex said, racing downstairs to reach the door before the noise woke his sister.
He threw the door open and saw a short, beefy man in a dark blue tee shirt, jeans. Bruce Henderson, father of Teddy Henderson, one of the victims of the shooting. He was holding an aluminum baseball bat in his hands. Before Alex could even gasp, Mr. Henderson started swinging and screaming.
Alex ducked, but just barely in time, and the bat caught him in the back, sending him sprawling to the porch crying out in pain.
Youre gonna pay! Mr. Henderson screamed, his face an angry red, eyes wild.
Please, Mr. Henderson, Alex cried, Dont hurt me.
The man froze, bat over his head, poised and ready to strike. Then something shifted in his face, as the rage turned to confusion, as if he were shaking off cobwebs from the thick of a dream. He looked down at Alex, as if he was surprised to see him there, and then up to the bat, seemingly surprised again to find the weapon in his hands. He lowered the bat, looking around, as if lost.
Alex breathed a sigh of relief and started to stand. But then, just as Alex thought he was safe, Mr. Hendersons eyebrows arched in anger, and he raised the bat again.
A gunshot exploded cracked behind Mr. Henderson, and a man in a black Paladin Security uniform appeared seemingly from nowhere, aiming a pistol at Mr. Henderson, screaming, Drop the bat!
Mr. Henderson turned to the security guard, and then, again, looked like hed just been woken up, and realized what hed been doing.
Put the bat down, the guard repeated.
Mr. Henderson looked up, then at Alex guiltily, and placed the bat on the porch, gently as if it might explode if he wasnt careful.
Im so sorry, he said, breaking down into tears as the guard grabbed one of Mr. Hendersons arms and twisted it back, and then the other, handcuffing the man. Once Mr. Henderson was restrained, the guard turned from Alex, and used his radio to call dispatch.
This is Sanders. Weve got a situation over at Mr. Hellers house.
As Sanders started to inform dispatch what had happened, Alex heard the sound of his little sister screaming from inside the house.
Oh shit.
He pointed at the house, My baby sister! Ill be right back. Alex motioned to Sanders, who nodded okay as he continued speaking into his radio.
Alex went inside and closed the door, even though he wasnt sure what he was supposed to do. He sure as hell wasnt going to leave it open with Mr. Henderson on the verge of violence. Alex bounded up the stairs and into Aubreys room to see her red-faced, screaming, crying her eyes out.
He picked her up, and pulled her to his chest, Its okay, he whispered repeatedly, holding her tight, rocking her in his arms as hed seen his mom do a hundred times before.
To his surprise, Aubrey calmed down, snuggling her tiny face against his chest. 
Oh my God, shes letting me comfort her!
Alex finally cried.
He held Aubrey for a long minute, inhaling her scent and feeling the glow of being a big brother that hed never felt before.
Aubrey was asleep in minutes, also to his surprise. He laid her back in her crib, covered her with her baby blanket, then went back downstairs in case Sanders had any questions or needed to take a statement from Alex or anything.
He went to the front door, just as a black Paladin SUV rolled up into their driveway. Sanders led Mr. Henderson to the SUV, placed him in the back, as the man kept crying, Im sorry, Im sorry to the guards, too distraught to see that Alex was in the doorway. Probably a good thing, Alex figured, afraid the man might see him and go off again and get himself shot.
Sanders returned to Alex, taking out a notepad and pen.
Can you tell me what happened? Sanders asked.
Alex stepped onto the porch, keeping the door partially open so he could hear if Aubrey cried again. The black van was still in his driveway, probably waiting for Sanders to finish.
Alex told him what happened, saying that Sanders didnt miss anything, as he showed up pretty quickly right after Mr. Henderson got there.
Thank you, Alex said. You saved me.
No problem, kid, Sanders said, even though he was 30, tops, hardly an old man, with a baby face and brown hair, cut military-style, like all the guards who worked for Paladin. Now, did Mr. Henderson say anything to you?
No, he just said youre gonna pay.
Because your dad killed his son? Sanders asked matter-of-factly, as if he were used to asking kids about their crazy dads who had just shot up the school.
I guess. I dont know what else he couldve been mad at. I mean, I didnt know Teddy all that well.
And youre sure he didnt say anything else?
The way Sanders asked anything else struck Alex as odd. As if there were something in particular he thought that Mr. Henderson might have said. Alex was about to ask what he meant when his moms silver Passat pulled into the driveway.
She was out of the car in seconds, her eyes wide and scared, Whats wrong? she asked, running up to the porch.
Nothing, maam, Sanders said. There was just a little . . . incident.
What kind of incident? she said, looking at Alex and then back at Sanders.
One of the fathers, um . . . one of the fathers who lost his son in the shooting. He came to your house. He was pretty upset. And he had a baseball bat.
A bat?! Her voice rose five octaves and she turned to Alex, touching his shoulders. Oh my God, are you okay? 
Alex nodded, hugging his mother. Yeah, mom, everythings okay. Officer Sanders arrested Mr. Henderson before he could do anything.
His mom turned toward the SUV still in the driveway, glaring. Hed rarely seen his mom get angry, and this was the most furious hed ever seen her. He was certain she was seconds from running to the SUV, pulling Mr. Henderson out, then pounding on him, even though she was a small woman whod never hurt a fly.
Everythings okay, Mom, Alex said, putting a hand on her shoulder and meeting her eyes. Hes just upset about Teddy. I can tell he was just confused and angry. He said hes sorry.
Alex wasnt sure why he felt a need to downplay the incident and protect Mr. Henderson, whod just tried to kill him. But there was something in the mans eyes, sadness, or something along with the confusion in the moments between his bursts of anger. And that something called to Alex, asking him to show compassion.
Alexs mom wasnt feeling compassionate, however.
I want him in jail. I dont want him anywhere near my family!
Were going to take him to the police station now, Sanders said. Theyll have to decide what to do with Mr. Henderson, and will probably ask if you want to press charges.
Damned right I do, she spit.
Alex put his arm on her, trying to calm her. He felt embarrassed that his mom was overreacting so much, especially given what happened. People had a right to be angry. She couldnt get too worked up.
Okay, maam. Well have someone get in touch with you. Might I make a suggestion?
Whats that? she said, her voice slightly calmer, but suspicious of what he might suggest. 
Would you mind if we posted someone outside your house to keep watch? You know, just until things calm down a bit?
She stared at him, then turned to Alex, her eyes growing more concerned.
Do you think thats necessary? she asked.
I dont know, but its better to be safe than sorry. Your son is lucky I happened to be in the neighborhood when I was, and got here before Mr. Henderson could really hurt him.
What do you mean really hurt him? Did he hit you, Alex?
Just a little, on the back, Alex said, not wanting to whine about the throbbing pain. 
Let me see, she said, pulling his shirt up, embarrassing him further. Oh my God! Your whole back is bruised!
Its not that bad, I swear. Ive been hit harder in soccer. Thisll be gone in a couple of days.
Yes, his mom said. I want someone here to watch over us.
Alex closed his eyes and sighed. The last thing he wanted was for people to see that they  the family of the man who shot their sons and daughters  had security stationed at their house. It would be seen as a big fuck you to the victims families.
Yes, maam. Well send a truck by in 20 minutes to keep an eye out for you all.
Thank you, she said. I dont know what we wouldve done if you hadnt been here. Were so lucky you happened to be in the neighborhood.
Right time, right place, Sanders said. He handed her a card, wished them well, then headed toward the SUV. 
As the SUV rolled away, Alex found his mind turning over the phrase Sanders had said.
Right time. Right place.
Thats when Alex realized that he hadnt seen Sanders arrive in a car. Had he just happened to be walking by on foot at the exact moment that Mr. Henderson decided to go apeshit? Something wasnt right.
Aubrey started crying, pulling Alex and his mother into the house, as he continued to consider the odd coincidence of Sanders saving the day.

* * * *

CHAPTER 3
Jon Conway Part 1


Seattle, Washington
Tuesday
September 5
7:20 p.m.


Jon Conway stared out the window counting the minutes before the 747 descended into Sea-Tac, feeling the usual butterflies flittering through his stomach, just like they always did whenever he had to deal with his family in person. Although he was lost in thought, he felt eyes on him. 
He turned to his left and saw that the teenage Goth girl, across the aisle in the window seat, was no longer hiding the fact that shed recognized him despite the shades, black baseball cap, and bulky black coat hed tried to hide in.
Are you . . . Jon Conway? she asked, as the man beside her, likely her father, seemed embarrassed.
Im sorry, the man said.
Its okay, Jon said. And yeah, its me.
Oh my God! I told you, Dad, the girl said. Im such a fan! I love all your movies. Even the ones the critics shit all over.
The man shook his head, Amber!
Sorry, Dad, she said to her father. Can I get a picture?
Jon tried not to let his annoyance show. He hadnt done a movie in four years, but that only seemed to intensify fan reactions when he ran into them in public. He was especially popular with young girls, and even their moms, for his portrayal of the moody vampire in the Darkness Everlasting series, the flicks which launched him from critical darling to box-office juggernaut, even though he found the two sequels creatively bankrupt.
Sure, he said, posing with the girl as her dad fumbled with her iPhone to snap a pic.
He put his arm around her, resting it on her shoulder, and she melted into a series of giggles which belied her I dont give a fuck look of disaffected teen.
After her dad snapped a couple of pics, the girl reached up and hugged Jon, as he awkwardly exchanged glances with the girls dad. Jon imagined the dad was thinking one of two things: talentless douchebag, or get your hands off my daughter, you pervert. Probably both, and particularly the latter, given Jons reputation as someone who slept with half of Hollywoods A-List.
After the girl thanked Jon and headed back to her seat, her dad surprised him.
Can I get a picture, too?
Jon was caught off guard, enough to accidentally laugh.
I loved your work in This Ends Now, the man said.
This Ends Now was an indie movie Jon wrote, directed, and starred in; a scathing satire of the consumerism culture. While some critics loved it, others dismissed it as another pampered star, from a billionaire family no less, whining and biting the hand that feeds him. The movie also tanked at the box office, causing some to wonder if Jons days as an A-Lister were over. Jon was so disgusted by the bullshit following the movie that hed turned down every script hed gotten since.
I loved that movie, too, the girl said as she took their photo. And then after a long pause, she added, Are you going to do another Darkness Everlasting?
The author of the series had originally planned the series as a trilogy. But apparently, shed been unable to turn down a huge advance to bring the characters back for another book. Jon hadnt read the fourth book, but had heard it was little more than a blatant money grab and he had no interest in making another shit film.
I dont know, he said. Maybe with the right script and director. You never know.
A bell dinged and one of the flight attendants made the announcement asking everyone to take their seats, and return their trays and seats to their upright positions.
Thank you, the girls dad said, reaching out to shake Jons hand.
The girl thanked him as well.
Youre welcome, Jon said as he shook the mans hand and then returned to his seat, Take care.
Jon strapped in, and tried to avoid looking back over in their direction, and getting trapped in a conversation, or worse, having a conversation extend beyond the airplane. Hed have to pretend he got a call or something to break away, and hope he didnt look like a giant prick. Even after all these years, meeting fans still made him apprehensive, so he tried to avoid it whenever possible.
As the plane landed, Jon thought again about his family, and felt that old familiar dread creeping through him.
Jon had returned to Hamilton Island as few times as possible in the decade since he left the island for good at 21  the year he was finally certain he wanted little to do with his father, Warren Conway Sr., and nothing to do with Conway Industries, the biotech company that had nudged their bloodline into the top one percent, and built Hamilton Island into one of Puget Sounds most ideal getaways and homes. Conway Industries not only had their headquarters and several research laboratories on the island, but they also owned and operated a small hospital which employed many, and contributed reduced or free health care to the service industry workers who lived in the subsidized housing.
On Hamilton Island, the Conways were revered by residents and politicians alike for their generosity. In reality, however, the Conway kingdom was built on hubris and treachery, which Jon wanted nothing to do with.
Jon had squirmed free from nearly every obligation that would have pulled him back to Hamilton Island. But Sarah was dead, an accidental victim in a school shooting, and he never wouldve forgiven himself if he didnt go to her funeral. 
She was, after all, the one that got away. 
Well, he got away. She stayed put. But now that she was gone, it felt as if some future he imagined someday having with her, was now dead, too.

**

The plane landed. Jon drove a rented Toyota Avalon to the ferry, then watched the island grow larger against the darkening sky as the ferry inched him closer to Hamilton Island and the countless memories hed love to forget. 
Forty five minutes later, Jon parked his car at the Sands of Time hotel. 
Jon walked directly to the counter, dropped his bag at his feet, then glanced at the name on the hotel clerks badge and said, Hi there, Lydia, I believe my assistant reserved the top floor for me? Under the name John Kafka.
Lydia looked him up and down, as she tried and failed to keep her mouth jaw from dropping lower. She stuttered before finding her voice, then looked Jon in the eye and said, Of course, Mr. Conway. Er, I mean, Mr. Kafka. 
Jon smiled, then shook his head and softly said, Thank you.
Lydia smiled, typing on her keyboard.
How many keys will you be needing, Mr. Conway? Then after a moment added, There are 10 rooms total. 
Can I get two cards, all keyed to all the rooms? 
Sure, she smiled, then giggled, twirling a finger through her long dark hair. At least I think so. Ive never done this before.
After a few minutes, she handed Jon two cards, and smiled. She was cute, likely in her mid-twenties, too cute to be working behind the desk of a hotel on Hamilton Island. But he kept such thoughts to himself. This wasnt a pleasure trip. And while a night with Lydia could be fun and relaxing, the days after would be problematic and not worth the trouble.
After another minute spent finding out if there were any new restaurants on the Island, Jon was waiting for the elevator to ding, then open to his private floor. He was exhausted, but wasnt sure if he should get to bed early and wait to see everyone at the memorial in the morning, or catch up with Sarahs twin sister, Cassidy, first. 
Last hed heard, Cassidy was still working at The Shipwreck, an appropriately enough named bar in the south end of the island. Of course, the last time hed run into Cassidy, shed been rude, probably holding a grudge for how things went bad between him and Sarah.
The elevator dinged and Jon decided that he was too exhausted to subject himself to Cassidys anger, which would likely even be worse following the death of her sister. Though the twins fought as often as he had with his own family, Cassidy and Sarah actually had something the Conways didnt  love that bonded them together despite their differences.
Jon crossed the hall, slipped his keycard into the door, dropped his bag by the door, then collapsed onto the king-sized bed, fully clothed. He was sound asleep two minutes later. 


* *

Wednesday afternoon
September 6

Jon sat two rows from the rear pew, in the back of Great Endeavor Church, a non-denominational church which was also the islands biggest, and had that classic New England church architecture that Jon admired, though hed never been particularly religious. This had also been his church, though only from age eight to 12 or so, during the time his parents enrolled him in Sunday school. Of course, they rarely went to church, themselves, usually having their driver drop him off.
He flashed back decades to the many Sundays he sat next to Sarah, and sometimes Cassidy, trying not to giggle as Pastor Avery preached. Theyd never been able to go a whole service without getting a stern look from the pastor.
Jons trip down memory lane was cut short when he realized that Pastor Avery was looking at him as he addressed the congregation. Jon wondered what the old man mustve though of him  the godless heathen given to a life of excess and sin has come home to reap what hes sewn. 
But the pastor wasnt that kind of man. He was serious, but kind, not someone whod remind you that you of your sins when tragedy struck. The only person singing in that guilty choir was Jons conscience. 
This was the fourth service today, with the church holding a private friends and family service for each of the six victims of the school shooting. Later in the evening, the church was holding a mass joint service for the public. There were two dozen people in the church besides himself and Sarahs sister, mother, and her nine year old daughter. Jon sat in the back, wearing dark shades and a black hat, which hed used to avoid the press outside. The last thing he wanted was to have the press spinning this story and putting him into it, detracting from the tragedy and the memories of the victims. The memory of Sarah.
His agent, Marty, had already informed him that they were getting calls seeking comment on the tragedy, simply because hed lived there so may years. The press had also spotted him on the island already, so it was only a matter of time before the circus began. Marty suggested using Paladin Security to keep people away from him, as hed had to do in a few prior visits, but Jon didnt like to ask his family, who owned Paladin, for anything. You might wanna consider. Especially once they find out that you and Sarah have a history, Marty had suggested. Jon hoped to be off the island before those dots were connected.
Every word from Minister Averys mouth was a cold blade in Jons stomach.
Sarah Hughes was funny and warm, the pastors hands were in the air. And though the pastors eyes met each person in the room, Jon felt as if they lingered particularly longer on him. She was easy to talk to  a great listener  and so incredibly easy to like. Sarah loved teaching, cooking for her friends, talking on the phone, and growing her roses. He smiled, as though remembering their scent. The Abraham Lincoln was her favorite. Sarah loved foot rubs, the beach, and swimming. And she loved great food, especially Italian  the good stuff from the north  along with midnight snacks. He patted his tummy. Mostly ice cream.
Pastor Avery found Jons eyes and held them, Jon was certain he wasnt imagining. Sarah loved staring at the stars, pondering our place in Gods universe, and believing that the impossible kept itself just one good idea away. She loved the laughter of children, especially her daughter Emma, and every kid at Hamilton Island K-12. He raised his hands in the air again, but locked his eyes on Jon. Sarah Hughes loved everyone in this room.
The pastor held the moment, then lowered his arms and surrendered his gaze. Jon felt his own tears welling as the pastor began to pace the pulpit. Sarah would never have called herself an intellectual, but I would have disagreed. She was whip smart, understood things in seconds when they shouldve taken minutes, and minutes if hours. She may not have known everything, but she knew all there was to know about being a good person, a great mom, and leading a wonderful life. Sarah Hughes is gone before her time, and will be forever missed.
Jon could see tears painting the sides of the faces of Sarahs family at the front of the church; Cassidy, along with her mother, Vivian, and Sarahs nine year old daughter, Emma. 
Pastor Avery continued. Sarah pointed her life toward everything that was most important to her, and everyone in this room would have to agree that her aim was true. A mother to Emma and a daughter to Vivian; confidant to her friends and a guiding light to her students; a true blessing to her sister, Cassidy. 
Jon was grateful for an excuse to stare at Cassidy, capitalizing on the opportunity. Though she was Sarahs identical twin, the years had not been nearly as kind to her. While she didnt look old, she was starting to look weary and jaded. She was still almost as beautiful as her sister, though, with long chestnut hair, green eyes, and Sarahs porcelain, flawless skin. Jon felt as if he were looking at Sarahs ghost, and a chill ran through him. 
Emma buried her face in Cassidys chest. Cassidy pulled her closer and held her tighter, as if proximity would keep herself from surrendering to tears.
Minister Avery smiled at Cassidy, waited for her to smile back, then continued. 
Sarah will always be remembered by her students as one of the best teachers they ever had, by her friends as truly loyal and wonderfully funny, and by her family as remarkably strong. It has been a joy to know Sarah, from the time she was a tiny child through last Easter as an adult when she sat with her hands folded in the pew, just three rows behind where the three remaining Hughes girls are sitting now.
Minister Avery gestured again toward the Hughes girls. 
Cassidy managed to keep her torrent inside, but Vivian, never one to shy away from theatrics, erupted into a fountain of tears while Emma bawled between them. Seeing their grief, particularly the young girls, cut deep into Jons heart. He sniffed back some tears as the pastor went on about how we cant know Gods will, but should find comfort that He has welcomed Sarah to the Kingdom of Heaven.
Though Jon would normally roll his eyes at such a thought, he found an odd sense of comfort in the old mans words.
Pastor Avery then invited mourners to approach the front of the church one by one to give their farewells. Jon sat silently, heart racing, as Sarahs co-workers, friends, and family spoke of her in loving memory. Hearing their words made Jon sad that hed missed out on so much of Sarahs life. It also made him wonder who would speak at his funeral. He had few people he could call friends. And the closest thing hed ever had to love was now in a casket.
He wondered if he should step forward to give a few words. Given their history, he feared that to not say anything would be an insult. At the same time, he didnt want this to become about him. If he went up to speak, someone in the audience might shoot video on their iPhone and it would be on YouTube or TMZ within the hour. That was the last thing Sarahs family needed. The last thing any of the mourning families needed.
 Jon stayed put, though he wasnt sure if his gesture was kindness or cowardice. When it came right to it, he couldnt bear to go anywhere near the urn holding Sarahs remains. It was all he could do to look at the silver jar from the back of the church, where it was merely a shape.

* *

The memorial ended, and Jon did his best to blend in with the herd, which was nearly impossible with the dozens of eyes pretending not to stare. He shuffled behind the mourners, slowly drifting toward the hors d'oeuvres, waiting for the crowd to finish consoling Cassidy, as his heart filled, then broke with every fleeting glimpse of the small girl trembling by her side. 
Emma looked lost, waiting for a mother that would never return.
Jon ate his cold cucumber sandwich and sipped the cheap coffee, hating his family for not donating something better, and watching the Hughes family from the corner of his eye. 
Cassidy was bookended between Russ Haskell and Mitch Kilborn, two jocks hed gone to school with. Time had been less kind to them, each of them looking at least a decade older than they were, especially with the premature silver flocking the tips of Mitchs bangs and sideburns. 
Emma had ducked from under Cassidys arm, then slipped away from her aunt and grandmother. She made a beeline for the dessert table and was stuffing an assortment of cookies into her purse, starting at the far side of the dessert table and gradually making her way to the right, focusing only on the smaller cookies, apparently going with quantity over quality.
Emma looked almost exactly the same as her mother at age nine. Another ghost which tore at Jons heart.
She looked so sad, and almost angelic in her innocence. He laughed as Emma stuffed cookies into her tiny purple purse, and thought of the way he often couldnt help but shove matchbooks, mints, or toothpicks into his pocket, whenever he was leaving a restaurant, whether hed ever use them or not. Jon wondered where the girls father was, or if she even knew who her father was.
Sarah had gotten pregnant after she broke up with Jon, the result of a fling she had to supposedly get over him.
It had been almost 10 years ago when hed made the biggest mistake of his life. He was on the set of his first movie, when he got drunk and slept with a model. It was the first time hed ever been unfaithful to Sarah, who had, to that point, been the only girl hed even gone out with. He confessed what he did. At first, he thought theyd get past it. She said shed forgiven him. Then a week later, she called him, while he was back on the set, and said she couldnt do this anymore. She couldnt stop thinking of his betrayal. It was over.
He tried to make things right, but she refused to take his calls, refused to see him, and even ignored emails and letters he sent to her via verified mail. About five weeks after they broke up, Cassidy called Jon and said to stop calling Sarah, that he was making her miserable.
And that was that. He went on with his life. And she went on with hers, apparently getting knocked up along the way. 
Hed heard from an old friend about Sarah getting pregnant, and had heard rumors about different men who might be the father, including a waiter, a visitor to the island during tourist season, and even another teacher. Whoever it was didnt stick around, and left her high and dry.
Jon had considered reaching out to offer help if Sarah needed it. But by then, it had been so long, and she seemed to be getting along fine on her own with help from her sister and mother. Jon didnt want to cause her any more stress by popping back into her life.
Now, as he watched Emma, he felt his heart break. The child had no mother or father. She was an orphan, all alone in the world, save for a drunk grandma and a pill-popping aunt.
When Emma was just a few feet away, Jon couldnt take it any longer. He took one long, final sip of his coffee, set it on the large tray with the rest of the empties, then went to the edge of the dessert table, picked up the largest, fattest cookie he could find, and kneeled next to Emma.
I think youre missing out on these, he said, holding up a slightly larger cookie. They look just big enough to be truly delicious. 
The girl looked up at him, then narrowed her eyes as she studied the cookie. She shook her head. Nope, that one has peanut butter in it. I dont like peanut butter. Especially in my cookies.
Jon looked at the cookie, noting the telltale ridges of peanut butter rippling across the surface, then back at Emma. Hmmm, you know, I think youre right. I didnt even notice. He wrinkled his nose and shook his head. I dont like peanut butter, either. 
Still kneeling, Jon gestured toward the table. Which of these would you suggest?
Emma smiled, tiny but there, then pulled a wee cookie from her little purse and handed it to Jon. 
Jon took the tiny white cookie, about the size of a quarter and the color of the islands sand under a summer sun, freckled in white. What is it? he asked. 
Its called a Hamilton Island Biscuit. Mrs. Rasmussen makes them, but only on New Years, the first day of summer, and on special occasions. It was Mommys favorite cookie.
Jon smiled and blinked, his eyes getting wet. Oh, wow. I remember these, he said, turning the cookie over in his hand. Then, mostly to himself, he added, How old is Mrs. Rasmussen now? She was like seventy when I was a kid. 
I dont know, Emma shook her head. I asked her one time if she was 100 and she laughed and said no, but she didnt tell me how old she was. 
Emma looked closer at Jon, as if seeing him for the first time. Did you live on the island when you were little?
I did.
Emma glanced at her shuffling feet, then back up at Jon. Did you know my mom?
Jon nodded. I did.
Do you think I look just like her?
Of course Jon did, but the oddness of the question put a crack in what little voice he had to answer. Yes . . . yes, you do.
Thats what everybody says, but I think we look different.
Jon said, Thats only because you didnt know her when she was your age. He smiled. But your mom and I were great friends when we were your young, and I do think you look just like her.
Maybe, she said, and made a face, a sideways sort of smile, which sent a chill through Jon. It was the exact same kind of face he made, a face he used to make Sarah laugh.
As Jon looked into her eyes, a growing realization crept over him. Yes, she looked a lot like her mother as a child, but she also looked like someone else. . . him.
He began to pick through the dates in his mind, trying to figure out if it were possible that he was actually Emmas father. Had Sarah lied to him? And then another horrible realization. 
Is that why she broke up with me?
Jon felt as if someone had pulled the world out from under him.
Whats your name? the girl asked, looking at him sideways.
Jon, he said, barely finding the word.
She reached out to shake his hand.
Im Emma, its nice to meet you, she said, smiling her best despite her sadness.
He shook her hand, so tiny and frail in his, and felt a growing certainty that his suspicions were right.
And then Vivian appeared from nowhere, with her arm suddenly around her granddaughter. Weve got to go, she said, turning to Emma. Please tell Mr. Conway to have a nice day.
Emmas eyes went wide, then she turned to Jon. Wait, are you the guy in the movies?
He laughed, still kneeling. Yes.
Oh my God! You knew my mom?
Vivian sliced the exchange to nothing, shot Jon a sour look, then led Emma past the dessert table, and to the bright light outside. Jon stood boiling, his hands twitching. 
He turned to leave, then crashed into Cassidy, standing behind him. 
Sorry about my mom, she said. You know, old wounds and all.
Jon shook his head. I understand. He held her eyes. Im sorry about Sarah, Cassidy. He held his arms open and Cassidy accepted, allowing him to pull her into an embrace. She cried softly against his chest for a minute, then pulled away. 
Thanks for coming, she said. I didnt know if you would.
He shook his head. I wouldnt have missed it. 
After an awkward silence, Cassidy said, Thank you. She would have wanted you here.
Jon swallowed, trying to work up the courage to ask the question on his mind.
Cassidy looked back where her mother and niece went to, and said, I should probably get going.
Okay, he said, saying goodbye with an awkward hug.
He felt as if he were hugging a ghost.

* * * *
CHAPTER 4
Milo Anderson Part 2


Wednesday
September 6
1:17 p.m.


Milo sat in his bedroom, hating everything on the other side of the door.
His dad was gone, like always. Beatrice, or other mother, as Milo called her, sometimes to her face and always when she wasnt around, was left in charge of the house. 
Milos dad worked as an analyst for Conway Industries. While most people who worked for the company lived on the island, or on the mainland, Milos dad was out of the state more often than not. Milo figured his dad was good at his job given the money he made. Beatrice was good at hers, too, though her job was much easier since her main duties apparently were to spend his money and be a bitch. 
According to Beatrice, Milo just didnt appreciate her or see things from her perspective. She said that as far as hard jobs went, being a stepmother was right up there with being an air-traffic controller. Milo thought that was bullshit, particularly since he was 17 and practically an adult. He wasnt sure what she did on any given day that could be deemed a parental responsibility, save for the occasional dinner she made.
Hed given her plenty of chances, but shed blown every one, starting with the day his dad announced they were getting married. She stood beside him, smiling like she was standing in an open vault, and said, You can call me Mom!
Thanks Beatrice, you evil bitch.
She wasnt his mother, and never would be. 
It was hard enough that his mom vanished without a trace when Milo was 12. Even harder when everyone thought she was one of many victims to jump from Tanners Pass, and her father had her declared dead.
Perhaps his father could replace her, but that didnt mean Milo had to accept Beatrice.
He hated how she always tried to insert herself into his life and get her to call her mom. The worst was when she started her sentences with, Your father and I always . . . as though she had to constantly prove their union by broadcasting the great times they were having when Milo wasnt around, making it all too easy to imagine doing everything from spending money Milos father actually had to work for, to doing things in the bedroom Milo didnt even want to think about. 
Milo still remembered the minute he went from merely wishing she wasnt in his life to actually hating her. He had been caught getting drunk with Manny, and the next day had come home to a family meeting. 
He sat on one couch while his parents sat on the other. Beatrice said, Did your mother bring you up to do that? while his dad sat beside her, either wondering the same thing or acting like too much of a coward to say otherwise. 
Milo had hated her ever since. His mother wasnt an alcoholic. And she wasnt a drug addict, despite the rumors. She was clinically depressed and on several medications, any of which might explain her disappearance. 
Beatrice called from the other side of the door. Milo, honey, Im making lasagna. Would you like it with sausage or without? 
Milo ignored her, like he had for the last hour shed been trying to get his attention and draw him from his room. He almost felt bad since she seemed uncharacteristically genuine, at a time when he expected to see her at her worst. 
Beatrice didnt like it when things didnt go according to plan, especially when her plans included leaving the island for yet another weekend getaway. She and his father were scheduled for a weekend at The Fairmont Sonoma Mission Inn & Spa in California Wine Country. They were booked and ready to leave Friday afternoon as soon as his dad came home early from work. But they had to cancel everything when they heard about the shooting at school. 
The quiet house had heard maybe 500 words the entire weekend. His dad, the only one who even tried to make conversation, had to fly to New York for another conference on Tuesday. 
Beatrices plastic personality made it pretty easy to see through her shallow attempts to mimic emotions. She could give a shit about Milo, and was probably marking red Xs on a calendar somewhere, waiting for him to graduate and leave the house.
Shed been trying to get him to go to Jessicas funeral service all weekend, but Milo didnt want to talk about it. Now she was trying to lure him out of his room with lasagna, which he loved. Hers was admittedly good, and Milo could smell the scent traveling up the stairs and into his bedroom.
Milo was tempted to leave the room, just long enough to get some lasagna, when his cell phone rang. He hoped it wasnt Alex again. Hed been ignoring Alexs messages, not even bothering to listen to them. He couldnt hear Alexs voice right now. It was too soon, the horror still raw. How could he possibly remain friends with the son of the man who murdered his friends and classmates?
It was bad enough that he saw Jessicas dying eyes every time he went to sleep.
He grabbed the phone off his nightstand and saw that it wasnt Alex. It was Jesus, Mannys older brother, whod come back from Stanford University in California to be with his family. Theyd talked briefly Saturday when he learned that Manny was in a coma.
Hey Milosauraus, Jesus said, Hows it hanging over at Casa la Anderson? Other Mom still being a bitch?
Milo felt a slight flush of shame as the scent of lasagna bled beneath the door. Nah, shes being alright, for the moment anyway. Hows Manny. 
Wish I knew, Jesus said. The doctors arent saying shit. Hes still in a coma. Might make it, might not. Changes every hour. Dads stopped asking, Mom cant keep from crying. Were taking turns hanging out at the hospital, just in case he wakes. Right now is my shift.
Im sorry, man, Milo said.
Jesus sighed, Yeah.
There was a long, awkward silence. Milo wasnt sure what to say, but Jesus didnt seem like he was in a hurry to hang up. After a while, Milo gathered enough courage to say what he had wanted to say on Saturday. Hey, Jesus, can you call me as soon Manny wakes up?
Of course, man.
I mean immediately, I want to be there as soon as I can see him. After a pause, Milo added, Before other people start talking to him.
An edge of concern crept into Jesuss throat. Whats going on? What arent you saying?
Its probably nothing, Milo said. But I cant stop wondering something. Right before Mr. Heller blew his brains out, he knelt down next to Manny. He looked like he was sorry he shot him. Like he didnt know what he was doing, or perhaps hadnt meant to hit Manny, Im not sure. But the weird thing was that he said something to Manny.
Said something? What did he say?
I dunno, thats what I want to ask him.
You and me both, Jesus said. You and me both.

* * * *
CHAPTER 5
Jon Conway Part 2


Wednesday
September 6
6:50 p.m.


The sky was unseasonably clear for a summer on Hamilton Island, with not a single cloud in sight. In fact, the only thing spoiling the bruised orange pre-twilight sky was a pair of long white contrails, stretching from the other side of the tree-lined hills on the west side of the island to the snow-capped Mount Rainier on the eastern horizon.
Jon drove his rented Avalon past the Chamber of Commerce and the Visitors Bureau buildings, past the outer limits of the tourist trap downtown, then finally along the freedom of the winding coast to Greenwood, where the rich people lived, then up into Cedar Park, where the houses got larger, acres went to triple digits, and money poured like rain in Washington. 
Cedar Park had the largest estates on the island, but even the most massive, was dwarfed by Conway Gardens, which sat at the crest of the foothill, like an idol looking down from the peak of a mountain.
While Jon had made it his mission to leave Cedar Park behind as soon as he could, his older brother, Warren Jr., was still sucking on the family tit, living with his wife, Melinda, and their daughter, Anastasia, at the Gardens.
Warren had invited Jon to dinner, and of course Jon had to accept. Though he could avoid the family when he was home, he couldnt do so when returning to the island without offending everyone. Their father, Blake Conway, had a way of bringing the Conway men together, whether they wanted a union or not. But he wasnt responsible for this particular visit, nor would he be present. He was out of town. And Anastasia was in her freshman year at Columbia, so it would be just Jon, Warren, and Melinda, plus the usual staff.
Jon swung a left and felt the Avalon struggle. Only slightly, but for the first time since he was handed the key, Jon missed his own car  a BMW Z8 which cornered like it was on rails. The Avalon was a golf cart by comparison. 
He idled by the gate and pushed the buzzer, but didnt have to identify himself since he was looking into a closed circuit video camera. 
A crisp voice crackled through the speakers. Welcome home, Mr. Conway.
Thanks Carl, Jon said, smiling. Its good to be back.
The gates opened, and Jon pulled the car around the long circular drive, parking behind what had to be his brothers brand new Bentley. Warren was such a dick. Their smallest garage was big enough to house a family, Warren only left the Bentley out for him to see. Jon couldnt fathom why his brother always felt such a need to compete. Well, he had a few ideas, but diving into Warrens psyche wasnt something Jon cared to do at the moment. Warren was a lost cause, not worth the time or effort. Once an asshole, always an asshole, was Jons belief in general and iron law when it came to his brother.
Jon killed the engine and went to the front door, which swung open before he could knock. The Conways oldest living employee, Madge Rasmussen, smiled at Jon, asking him if he had a coat, even though it was a perfectly crisp 74 degrees outside. 
Hi Madge, Jon said, giving the woman who had first introduced him to her sisters cookies 25 years earlier. How are things?
Madge gave him a sly smile, then said, The usual, Mr. Conway. 
I really hate it when you call me that. You can tell Carl the same thing. 
Madge held his eyes, but said nothing. 
Jon, or hell, even Jonny, if you like.
As you wish, . . .  She started to say sir, but mercifully didnt.
So is the family circus waiting?
Yes, Madge said. Mr. and Mrs. Conway are waiting for you in the dining hall.
You mean Warren and Melinda? He smiled. She smiled back, but he wanted to see it go wider, so he added, Or Humpty and Dumpty as I like to call them. 
Madge surrendered to a hearty laugh, Youre so bad, . . . Jonny. 
She then told Jon to follow her as if theyd moved the location of the dining hall. 
Jon! Warren exclaimed, setting his iPad on the end-table beside an overstuffed chair. He stood and crossed the carpet to greet Jon like he was some beloved hero returning from war. Melinda was reading on her own iPad several feet away. She set hers down as well, then followed Warrens lead.
How are you? Warren said, wrapping his arms around his brother. Melinda stood to the side, like her usual cold fish self, but Warren was uncharacteristically warm.
Jon said, Better than most, not as good as some, I suppose, then surrendered into his brothers embrace. Jon pulled away and asked, How are you?
Warren smiled. Good, not great. Same as you I guess. Dads driving me crazy, but nothing new there. You know how that goes. 
I try not to, Jon said. 
Warren met his smile with a thinner version. Hungry?
Jon realized he was starving. Yes, he said. I guess I havent really eaten today, except for a couple of cookies, and a half-gallon of coffee. Whats on the menu?
Warren laughed. Carmen figured you would want a steak. So were having Kobe and lobster. Ready when you are.
Jon smiled as his stomach growled. A steak did sound great. Carmen didnt make the best steak in the world, that honor belonged to Queue de Cheval Steak House in Montreal, if you wanted fancy, and Peter Lugers, in Brooklyn, NY if you didnt. But she did come in third, and third was his favorite, since it was the only one that could make Jon remember everything from being 11 years old, building his own treehouse in the backyard, to being 17 and losing his virginity with Sarah, inside it.  
The steak and pasta were on the table just minutes after they sat, and the 2006 Chevalier-Montrachet before that. Jon cut his meat, imagining the taste as he looked down at the gorgeous red flesh, then put it in his mouth, and let his mind wander to Sarahs girlish grin, and his final words before that long ago evening had taken him from boy to man. 
Are you sure youre ready? he had asked.
Im always ready for you, Jon, she had said. Then, thank you for waiting, before lying on the sleeping bag, curling her finger, and beckoning him forward. 
It was a beautiful memory, one of his favorites. He hoped it wouldnt make him cry. 
More than keeping his tears inside, Jon hoped Warren would soon steer the conversation away from business and toward golf. It wasnt that Jon liked to talk golf. It just happened to be the only topic which Warren could go on forever about, which kept his tongue too busy from saying something stupid like he usually did, to end dinner with drama.
Warren went on and on about the latest in augmentation technology. To hear Warren put it, Conway Industries was on the verge of something big, but he couldnt really say anything yet. At least, not to an outsider such as Jon.
It was just one more of Warrens subtle jabs at his brother, trying to puff up the importance of whatever project they were working on. Usually when he pulled a stunt like this in front of their father, the old man would call his son out.
Its an artificial eye, Warren. Dont be so damned cloak and dagger, Blake would say, putting Warren in his place and bringing a subtle smile to Jons face.
But Blake wasnt there during this dinner, so Jon just let it slide. It wasnt as though he really cared. The biotech business may have made the family rich, and Conway Industries was revolutionizing limb and artificial organ replacement, but it all bored Jon to tears. He wasnt a scientist, nor a businessman. He was just an actor, a kid who never grew up and made lots of money playing pretend. It was the best job in the world, and no matter how much Warren tried to belittle Jons profession, Jon wouldnt let it get to him.
After Jon failed to grovel and say, please, please, tell me more, Warren stared at Jon, his red eyes redder than his glass of wine. Warren poured himself a third, then changed the subject, moving immediately into golf.
Jon laughed. 
Am I amusing you? Warren said.
No, not at all, Jon smiled, shaking his head. 
Melinda placed a dime-sized piece of steak into her mouth, chewed, then said, So what brings you to town, Jon?
Jon stared across the table, wondering if she were really that oblivious to the rest of the world. He cleared his throat, then said, The Memorial, Melinda, adding her name to the end in a quiet fuck you.
Oh, she put another mini piece of meat into her tiny mouth. That. Yes, that was so tragic, all those poor kids.
Warren took another large swallow of wine and said, Jon used to date Sarah Hughes, the teacher who was shot. They grew up, best of friends. Used to do everything together. You know the bunch of wood out back, Dad had cleared out four years ago? That was Jons Clubhouse, he used to spend a million years out there with Sarah, the two of them making out all the time with Jon acting like no one knew what they were doing.
Jon chewed his steak, growing more annoyed by the second.
Oh, Im so sorry, Melinda said, her eyes suddenly soft and kind. I didnt know. 
Its okay, Jon said, putting another piece of steak in his mouth. 
Did you see her sister? Warren asked. The way he said the second syllable of sister, made Jon want to walk to Warrens side of the table and punch him in the ear. 
Yes, Jon said, no emotion. Sarahs sister was at the memorial.
She kick the drugs yet? Warren said, taking another long sip of wine.
Jon almost laughed at the irony, but held his laugh, and the nasty response he wanted to give, firmly in place.
I dont get daily updates on the Hughes family, Jon said, but Cassidy looked good. 
Jon was pretty sure Warren was about to say something that might get him out of his seat and over to his brothers side of the table, but before Warren could open his mouth, Melinda set her fork down and opened hers. 
How long are you going to be in town? she asked.
Warren answered for him. Im sure Jon has pressing business back home.
Jon could feel his blood boil, like it always did within an hour of stepping foot inside Conway Gardens. He caught the glint in Warrens eyes; interest, anxiety, maybe concern. Whatever it was, the hairs on Jons neck didnt like it a bit. 
Jon lied, Actually, Im between projects, reading some scripts. Since Im back at Hamilton Island, I figured I might as well stay a while, catch up with some old friends. He swallowed, then added, Ill be here at least a week. Jon turned from Melinda to Warren, then asked, Whens Dad coming back?
Hell be back next week, Melinda said. 
Warren shot her a look.
Jon smiled ear to ear, his eyes fixed on Warrens. Excellent, he said. Ill stay until then, at least. 
Jon continued to smile as his brother twisted under the thumb of discomfort.  The rest of the meal had talk small enough to be mostly invisible. Jon finished his meal, muscled his way through polite goodbyes, then went to the garage where the family kept the classic cars and a motorcycle, and traded his Avalon for his silver Porsche 356, built in 1963, and still looking showroom shiny. He was glad that hed asked Carl to have someone maintain the car in his absence.
Jon climbed into the drivers seat, thrilled to find the keys in the glovebox where hed left them a year ago. His face suddenly lit with a smile as he fished beneath the seat hoping his treasure was still buried there, too. 
It was.
Jon pulled the small wooden box from beneath the seat, smiling, then flicked the latch and opened the lid to a vacuum sealed baggie and seven perfectly rolled joints. He wondered how long weed stayed fresh, but figured anything was better than nothing.
Jon turned the engine, pulled the car from the garage, then left Conway Gardens, waving to a smiling Carl on his way past the gates. 
Jon hit the coast and gunned the engine, speeding toward the islands north end. 
The entire north side of the island belonged to the Conways, originally as his grandfathers retreat where he wined and dined politicians and the powerful, and later as home to several Conway Industries laboratories, where they worked on the more sensitive, and Jon suspected, government projects. Jon followed the winding road through acres of unspoiled woodlands which were beautiful during the day, but nothing more than blots of darkness against the night sky as he headed toward Jensens Cove, his favorite chill-out spot on the island. 
He needed time to think about Emma, and the possibility that she might be his daughter. If she were, why hadnt anyone yet told him? Had Sarah kept the secret even from her family? 
As Jon drove through the darkness, he felt more alone than ever, wishing he had a friend he could dig into the deep shit with. Odd, he thought, how the closest people to him these days were people in his employ, his agent, Marty, and his assistant, Felicia. But neither relationship was one which Jon would consider intimate.
It wasnt that he didnt trust them. He did, implicitly. But they werent friends with long shared histories. They werent the kind of people he talked to about the stuff that kept him up at night. Truth was, he hadnt had anyone like that since Sarah. Perhaps the closest thing to a friend he had these days was his private detective buddy, Brock Houser. But he wasnt sure if this was something hed feel comfortable talking to Brock about. 
A mile from the cove, Jon was surprised to find a gate that wasnt there before, blocking the narrow road with a large red sign that said No Trespassing sitting snug between two others, warning trespassers that they WILL BE PROSECUTED.
Jon stepped from the 356 to get a closer look at the fence, and to see if he could maybe pick the lock. Houser had showed him how plenty of times before, and the last couple of times it had even started to stick. He was searching the trunk of his car for something he could either pick or break the lock with.
The bright beam of a flashlight suddenly blinded him. Jon felt exposed as the light drew closer, and whoever held it remained obscured. Jons hand gripped the tire iron, just in case.
And then, as the light grew closer, he could see who was holding it  a Paladin guard.
Can I help you? Jon said, noticing that the guard was on foot, without a vehicle in sight.
The guard replied, I was about to ask you the same question. What in the hell do you think youre doing out here?
Im trying to get to the cove, but someone put up a damned fence, Jon said, letting go of the crowbar and pointing at the fence. You got keys? Maybe you can unlock it for me?
The guard looked Jon up and down, no recognition in his eyes, surprising given that the Conways paid for the security force. Im going to need to see your license and registration, he said, unnecessarily rude. 
Jon shook his head. No, you dont. My name is Jon Conway. Of The Conways . . . you know, the people who pay your salary. The people who own this land. So I need you to step off right now like you never saw me.
The rent-a-cop pulled a gun, then aimed it at Jon and said, Im serious as a stroke, mister. I need to see your license and registration now.
Despite the gun aimed directly at his chest, Jon took a step closer. No way was this clown going to shoot him. 
Is there something about I own this land that you didnt understand? Jon shoved his finger in the rent-a-cops chest. 
The guard lowered his gun, but grabbed Jons finger, giving Jon the excuse hed been looking for. He slapped the guards hand, then punched him in the face, hard. A spray of blood flew from his nose and coated Jons knuckles. 
The rent-a-cop fell to the ground, just as a second guard appeared from nowhere. Jon saw the gun a second before its trigger was pulled. 
The dart slapped him in the shoulder. He swayed on his feet for a second before falling on his face. The second rent-a-cop cuffed him as the first stood from the dirt.
Youre under arrest, he said. 

* * * *
CHAPTER 6
Cassidy Hughes Part 1


Wednesday
September 6
8:42 p.m.

Cassidy sat on the couch, flipping through channels as Emma curled up beside her. 
Are we going to watch something, or are you gonna keep going too fast to see whats on? Emma asked.
Im gonna keep going too fast to see. Cassidy said. What do you want to watch?
Emma said nothing. But then again, what else was there to say? Theyd both exhausted themselves, talking and crying, then talking some more. Cassidy had done everything she could to comfort her niece; swearing that everything would be okay, and giving her hope and comfort in the way her sister would have wanted, rather than the angry death rattle coming from Vivian.
Fortunately, Vivian was in the other room, sleeping off her countless glasses of wine.
It mustve been especially confusing for Emma, losing her mother, then staying with someone who looked so much like her. Genetics made them identical, though life and their ages made it easy to tell them apart. Sarah had softened edges, while Cassidys years of hard living were clear from the lines under her eyes to the matching faded pink scars lining both her wrists. 
Cassidy found an episode of SpongeBob Squarepants, and left it on. She wasnt sure if Emma even liked the show, but at least she could be certain that Nickelodeon wouldnt break into programming with pictures of Sarah and news footage of bodies in black bags outside of the school.
Are we going to stay at Grams forever? Emma asked, nudging herself closer.
Cassidy wished she knew, for herself and for Emma. But it wasnt as though Sarahs death had been marked on the calendar. There was no contingency plan, just a drunken promise two years earlier when Sarah made Cassidy swear on her life that she would take Emma if anything happened to her, since their mother was too batshit crazy and unreliable to be trusted for the job. 
And sure, their mom may have been crazy, but that didnt mean Cassidy was any better suited for the job. At least their mom had raised children before; two of them. And shed done a good job with at least one. 
What in the fuck did Cassidy know about raising a child? 
She shouldnt have to deal with raising a child, but then again, what choice did she have? Sarah was right about their mom, and Cassidy sure as shit wasnt going to give Emma over to her father.
The way Jon had looked at Emma at the service made Cassidy wonder if hed figured things out, or if perhaps Warren had told him the truth after all these years. And if so, what then? Would he sweep in with his high-priced attorneys and take Emma away?
While Cassidy didnt know the first thing about raising a kid, Emma was family, and shed be damned if shed give her up to Jon Conway. His family had done too much, hurt too many people, to ever be entrusted with such a sweet child like Emma. And while Jon was perhaps the best of the lot, it wasnt saying much. He might not be an evil prick, but shed seen him on TV, getting drunk, into fights with paparazzi, sleeping with models, actresses, and singers. He was just as much of an addict as she was.
No, Cassidy decided, no way she could turn Emma over.
Cassidy stroked Emmas hair as she pulled the girl into a tight hug. Tears streamed down Cassidys face as she wondered what in the hell she would do next. She was sick and goddamned tired of being at the mercy of others, particularly the Conways. She should have left Hamilton Island years ago when she had a chance. Now she had obligations, a mother who, despite what she said, needed her, and now a child to take care of.
Why did you have to die, Sarah?
Fuck.
Cassidy felt a flash of guilt. Sarah had been dead since Friday, but Cassidy had barely had time to miss or mourn her twin sister before she was thrust into the role of caregiver. She had to arrange the funeral, call people, and talk with lawyers and insurance people. Someone had already screwed up, cremating Sarah instead of burying her properly, for which Cassidy was being blamed by her mom. Just another Cassidy Fuck-Up.
Cassidy wasnt sure if burying ashes was better for Emma than seeing her moms dead body, but she thought maybe it was. Perhaps she should thank God for the mistake which spared Emma one more horrible memory.
The past few days had been filled with too much to do, and Cassidy hadnt even had time to sort through her own feelings of loss of not only her twin, but her best friend.
Perhaps the worst part in all of this, was that Cassidy had known Sarah would die.
Three weeks ago, Cassidy had fallen asleep in front of the TV, and woke up thinking someone was in her apartment. There wasnt anyone there, but as she woke, she remembered a dream shed had, vivid as daylight. Someone at the school had started shooting kids. A bullet went through the wall between the classrooms and struck Sarah, killing her instantly.
The dream on its own might not have meant much. However, she had the dream again every night for the next two weeks. Every night.
She wanted to tell Sarah about the dream, and to warn her.
But what could she say that wouldnt make her sister think she was using again? 
When Cassidy was using, shed had several instances where she dreamed something that was going to happen. They were little things, usually, but accurate enough to make shit weird. So she told Sarah. But shed been so manic when she told Sarah, that Sarah came down hard on her, knowing that she was using.
There was no way Cassidy could tell Sarah about these dreams without her sister thinking she was using again. And besides, she hadnt had any of her weird prophetic dreams since shed stopped using. In all likelihood, she figured these were just regular dreams, fueled by a preoccupation of Cassidys fears of responsibility for others. 
So she kept her mouth shut, not wanting to see that familiar look of disappointment in her twins eyes.
She could take that look from her mom, her friends, her lovers, and co-workers, but not from Sarah. She didnt care if everyone in her life thought she was the black sheep of the family, the bad sister, and the fuck-up, but letting Sarah down was the last thing in the world she wanted to do. She owed her sister too much.
And yet, in not telling her sister of the dreams, she had done just that. She let her down. And now Sarah was dead.
Cassidy began to cry harder.
Emma saw and felt Cassidys tears.  She put a hand on Cassidys face, wiping a tear away, saying in a soft voice, Itll be okay, Aunt Cassidy.
Cassidy squeezed her eyes, and Emma, tighter, wishing she could believe the child.

* *

Emma fell asleep in Cassidys arms, and Cassidy found her mind glazing over from the soft glow of the TV cartoons, and returning to a familiar place.
She couldnt take this much more. The familiar itch began to gnaw at her brain, telling her how to make everything okay.
The pills.
Once an addict, always an addict.
For the first time in who knew how long, Cassidy needed the drugs. Not wanted the drugs; she always wanted the drugs. She was a fucking addict, always would be. And life for an addict was one day at a time. But now, she needed them. Again.
The addict lived in the back of her brain; nested like a parasite crouching in the dark, waiting for its host to grow less vigilant, more complacent, no longer willing to do the hard work of digging the well and dipping the bucket into the pure water. 
Cassidy had a friend from rehab, Gina, who had been her N.A. sponsor. Shed been hooked on the hardcore shit, heroin, and was sober for four years. But sure as shit, three months ago, she went back out and started to use. One month ago, she was dead. 
Once an addict, always an addict. 
There is no starting over. The addict in the back of your brain can nudge its way to the front whenever the fuck it wants. It drives the bus when it decides to get behind the goddamn wheel, or when life makes it an offer it cant refuse.
Cassidy would never be cured, could never afford to walk away from the things that got her sober and kept her clean.
Like Sarah. 
And Emma. 
And the three of them together. 
Once an addict, always an addict.
Cassidy could picture the look in her new sponsors eyes when she called in the morning to tell Roberta shed relapsed. She could hear Robertas voice saying shed already buried too many friends, and didn't want to bury another.
No, she didnt have to relapse. 
Except she did. 
Once an addict, always an addict.
The addict inside her was working hard, hungry for its first pill in three years, seven months, and 16 days. Each of those days filled with emotions which threatened to steal her sobriety at any moment.
Pain. Fear. Fury.
Guilt. Rage. Grief.
Panic. Dread. Anger.
Agony. Blame. Terror.
Misery. Sorrow. Despair.
Torture. Sadness. Suffering.
Bitterness. Resentment. Indignation.
And now those feelings were returning in full force, and all at once, ready to take her at her weakest moment.
One pill. Instant gratification. Immediate relief from every unpleasant emotion.
Relief and relapse were both a phone call away. Her addict was doing a Snoopy dance inside her, knowing Cassidy was minutes from crossing to the darker side of her inner fissure. 
The little girl who had lost her mother might be months away from losing her aunt. Hell, maybe Emma was better off with Jon Conway. Who was she to think she could ever take care of another when she could barely take care of herself?
Once an addict, always an addict.
She rose from the sofa, and carried Emma to her bedroom at Grams house. Surprisingly, Emma barely stirred as she slipped her into her bed and covered her in the same strawberry colored blanket shed had since she was four. Cassidy then passed her mothers room, the door ajar, the blue light of the TV illuminating the woman asleep in her bed, sleeping away her half bottle of Pinot which was on the nightstand. 
Cassidy left the house, dialing Craigs number before she even had her car in reverse. 
She had to call Craig instead of Lewis, since Lewis worked at Shipwrecked and had a big mouth. Craig was more expensive, but he knew how to shut the fuck up. Besides, Lewis was sometimes dry. Craig never was. 
The addict inside her didnt want her clean side to get a chance to fight back.
Craig was happy to hear her voice, and ready at the door when she traded several twenties for a barely rattling bottle. 
Once an addict, always an addict.
Cassidy was going to go back to her apartment to zone out, but decided shed get less friction if she went back to her moms place and slept in one of the two guest rooms as shed done for the past two nights.
She went to the guest room set up for her, and crawled into bed. She pulled the covers over herself and clicked on the TV, and found an old episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm.  
Cassidy slipped two pills out of the bottle, downed them with a bottle of Diet Coke, and closed her eyes, waiting for sweet oblivion to claim her. 

* * * *
CHAPTER 7
Jon Conway Part 3

Wednesday
September 6
11:57  p.m.


Jon woke to find himself in a jell cell, one of four in the tiny Hamilton Island Police Station. This was the first time he woke in a jail cell sober, though the pain in his head felt like a hangover. Then he remembered the dart hed been shot with by the rent-a-cops.
The other cells were empty. He wasnt awake long when the red door leading into the jail opened and a young police officer with jug ears and a big toothy grin entered. Jon was pissed that hed been detained, but was glad that Paladin had at least brought him to the police station, instead of taking him to the Paladin Security Headquarters, a pristine high tech palace which hid the heavy handed thug-like behavior of many of the Paladin guards.
The cop with Henry on his badge said, Chief Brady says youre free to go. 
Officer Henry slid a key into the cell and opened the squeaky cell door. He lowered his head as Jon walked by. Sorry about all the trouble.
No problem, Jon said, turning his head toward the cop. Not your fault. Besides, I needed a nap, and nothing says comfort like the Hamilton Island Police Station, though I was disappointed not to find a mint on my pillow.
Officer Henry laughed, though it was a delayed laugh, as if he wasnt sure if Jon was joking or not. Obviously, Hamilton Island Police Department attracted a different caliber of cop than Paladin.
They walked through the red door that led from the tiny prison and down a hall with three open doors,  along with a fourth closed one. Jon looked at a giant old clock on the wall over the door which led to the front of the station and its lobby. Before they reached the exit, the only closed door in the hall opened, and the familiar face of Jons old friend Kevin Brady came into view. Though they were the same age, Brady looked pudgy and tired, his dark curly hair graying above the ears. Jon wondered if he looked so ragged because of stress from the job or from having a wife and twin six year olds.
Brady thanked Officer Henry, who went through the door to the front of the station, and then met Jon, slapping him on his shoulder with his left hand as he offered him his right. Sorry about the trouble, Jon, he said.
Jon shook his hand, noted the clammy palm, then said, Thanks for letting me go with a warning.
Brady said, Of course, then gestured toward his office, stepped inside, waited for Jon to enter, and closed the door behind them. 
Brady sat behind his cluttered desk and waved a hand to Jon to take a seat opposite him. Jon did, as his eyes scanned the small, messy office, which looked about 30 years past due for a makeover. As did Bradys ancient desktop computer. Yellow smoke stains pocked the ceiling tiles above the desk.
So, Jon said. You made police chief, eh? Damn, youre the youngest chief by two decades.
Well, I dont know how impressive it really is. Nobody else wanted the job, if Im being honest. The real money is with Paladin.
Yeah, dont get me started on those assholes, Jon said.
You mean the assholes on your familys payroll? Brady said, and then looked like he wished hed kept his mouth shut.
Yeah, well obviously theyve forgotten who butters their bread. So whats the deal with the fence? And all the security? How many damned officers do they have?
Officially, theyve got 40 guards. Unofficially, Id say triple that.
What the fuck? Jon said, shocked. They starting an army?
Brady smiled nervously, and then answered the other part of Jons question. The fence went up two years ago. This your first time seeing it, I guess?
Jon nodded.
Yeah, they fenced off the whole northeastern part of the island. They had some lab break-ins, but it was mostly to cut down on the deaths.
Deaths?
Yeah, you know that bridge that runs across Tanners Pass? Well, kids have been crossing the girders along the bottom of the bridge on dares and stuff. And a lot of them have fallen into the water and hit the rocks. We had 10 kids die two years ago, and another 15 kids and adults whod gone missing, believed to be suicides that either washed out to sea or into some of the caves along the pass.
Jesus, Jon said. 
Yeah, and since your family owns the land, theyre looking to cut down their liability, though Im not sure who in their right mind would sue the Conways.
Jon nodded. He knew all too well how vicious his family was when it came to the courtroom.
So, they put up a fence and set up guards around the perimeter.
A lot of work to keep people from killing themselves on an old bridge, Jon said. Dont you think?
I dunno, Brady said, clearly wanting to change the subject. So, what brings you to town? The funeral? Sarah?
Yeah, Jon said. He considered asking Brady if he knew anything about Emmas paternity, but decided to keep that question close to his vest for now. Though Brady had been a close friend, that was many years ago.
Im sorry, Brady said. I know how close you two were.
Jon sighed, Yeah, its a tragedy. You all know what happened? Why the teacher snapped?
No, not a thing. Hell, five minutes into the shooting, the Feds swooped in and took over the investigation.
The Feds?
Yeah, and get this . . . theyre coordinating efforts with Paladin.
Is that even legal? Jon asked.
Well, the township made Paladin the same as us, really. Though given the size of Paladin, Id say were nothing more than figureheads at this point.
Shit, Jon said. So theyre keeping you in the dark, even though youre the chief?
Pretty much. They took all the evidence we collected, and acted like they were doing us a favor. To be honest, they probably are. We dont really have a staff to handle something like this. And the way people are pissed off, let Paladin and the Feds deal with this shit.
You sound burned out, Jon said.
You dont even know, brother. Used to be that being the chief meant something, you know? But now, Im just the hired help. But I figure if I keep my head down, just handle the shit Ive gotta handle, I can provide for my family, ya know.
They talked a bit more, catching up as much as Bradys reticence would allow. It was around one in the morning when Brady walked Jon to his car. Brady looked around, making sure Officer Henry wasnt within sight, then reached into his jacket and handed Jon his stash of weed.
Jon felt his face turn flush. Even though Brady had been a friend a long time ago, he was still a chief, and to see his stash in the hands of the law sent a chill through Jon, fearful Brady was about to come down on him.
I think someone accidentally left this in your car, he said, handing the stash to Jon.
Yeah, Ill see if I can return it to its rightful owner. Probably an old guy with really bad glaucoma.
Yeah, glaucoma, Brady said with a grin.
The smile faded as Brady looked around again, however, and then met Jons eyes. You need to leave the island, Jon.
Jon stepped back, confused. Huh?
You need to get out of here. Something bad is going to happen.
What do you mean? Jon said, noticing the fear in Bradys eyes.
I cant say anything more. Not here. Theyre probably watching.
You sure you didnt smoke any of this? Jon said, patting his pants pocket where hed put the stash.
Brady didnt laugh.
Im serious, Jon. Get out while you still can.
With that, Brady turned, and headed back inside the station.
Hey! Jon said, trying to get his attention so he could ask a few follow-up questions. But Brady kept walking.
Jon got into his car, shut the door, and glanced in the rearview and side mirrors, looking to see if he could see anyone watching.
There was only darkness.

* * * *

CHAPTER 8
Liz Heller


Wednesday
September 6
10:14 p.m.

Liz was cuddled on her bed, the comforter and blankets pulled tight around her as she stared at the TV, watching a rerun of Everybody Loves Raymond. She wasnt in the mood to laugh, and wasnt really paying attention. She just wanted something familiar, something to make her feel a little less alone in the bed shed shared for so long with Roger. Something other than the constant barrage of news coverage of her husbands shooting rampage, as the talking heads on the TV news were calling Fridays tragedy. Rampage, like some Roger was some sort of monster, instead of the sweet, sensitive, if not sometimes goofy, man she married 20 years ago. 
Five days had passed, and though reality had forced itself upon her, it all still felt unrreal.
Five days of going through the motions of life, trying to pretend that they would ever have anything close to a normal family again.
Five days of wondering if she could be strong enough for Alex and Aubrey.
Five days of kicking herself for missing the signs that the experts said someone should have picked up on.
Five days of having her husbands life dissected and invaded by specialists, authors, and news anchors, who were all suddenly experts on the subject of Roger Heller.
But there had been no sign. Not that shed seen, anyway.
But Liz wasnt even sure if she would have recognized a sign if it had been there. Though Roger was sweet, he was often in his own world  distant and holed up in his office for hours on end on nights and weekends. But hed always been that way. 
He needed his personal space to write. Hed had a few stories published in literary magazines, and a few articles in writing magazines, but hed never been able to finish a novel, not one that he liked, anyway. And after he turned 40 last year, he began to spend even more time than ever writing, convinced he was running out of time to write the Great American Novel.
Though Rogers distance had bothered her at times, it wasnt as if she didnt have her own life going on. Until Aubrey was born in May, Liz was a ninth grade English teacher at the school, which had kept her busy day and night. She had decided to take an extended maternity leave so she could be with Aubrey until her daughter turned one. During her leave, Liz managed to get a few freelance illustration gigs for magazines and a few websites. Shed always loved cartooning, and was thrilled to have a chance to get back into it, and make money in the process. She had hoped to get enough work that she might never have to go back to teaching. The way things were going, she could work from home and not have to put Aubrey in daycare. They couldve gotten by on Rogers salary and her freelance work. 
Now everything was in limbo.
With trying to get her husbands body from the medical examiners office so she could arrange a funeral, shed not even had time to figure out whether Rogers insurance policy would pay out, or whether she or the children could collect his pension or Social Security. She was pretty certain that insurance wouldnt pay anything since he shot himself.
As for everything else, Liz had no idea.
Then there were the families of the victims. She wasnt sure what they might do, and didnt know if they could sue his estate or her for civil damages. She needed to talk to a lawyer, and soon. But at the moment, she was overwhelmed, and all she wanted to do was crawl into bed and wake up when everything was over.
But now she was a single mother, raising two kids on her own. Well, raising Aubrey on her own. Alex was self-sufficient, though that could change now that his father was gone. The two had been so close, and though Alex hadnt shown much emotion in the past few days, it had to be tearing him up.
Liz closed her eyes, the sound of the TV barely audible over the sound of the baby monitor on the nightstand beside her bed. The monitor that had kept her up so many nights, braced for the sound of Aubrey waking to another nightmare, or a stuffy nose. But at that moment, the sound of Aubreys fan coming through the monitor was giving Liz comfort, a white noise to drown the thoughts racing through her head. 
Liz was drifting off when a sound woke her; her daughter murmuring. 
Aubrey did that a lot at night as she shifted between phases of sleep. Shed make sounds for a few minutes, and would either wake up crying or drift back to silent sleep. Some nights, Liz was lucky to get four hours of shuteye between Aubrey on the verge of waking, or actually waking and needing to be comforted back to sleep. Liz didnt remember Alex being such a finicky sleeper, but perhaps that was just a rose-tinted memory.
Liz waited anxiously, and then her daughter grew quiet again. Liz drifted into sleep, praying for a night without visions of rampages.

**

1:11 a.m.

Liz woke to the sound of Aubrey giggling over the baby monitor.
Though she was tired, she wasnt too exhausted to find some joy in the sound of Aubrey laughing in her sleep. She smiled, found the remote, turned off the TV, and cast the room into darkness.
Lizs eyes were heavy. She closed them again, listening to the soft white noise, waiting for it to lull her back to sleep. She wasnt sure how long shed been asleep when another sound came through the monitor.
More laughter, followed by a sound she couldnt possibly have heard, a whispered shhhh.
Lizs eyes shot open, as she reached out and turned the monitor up, to make sure she wasnt just hearing things.
Nothing but the white noise, albeit louder, of the monitor.
Then, more giggling, followed by Aubrey saying, Da-da.
A voice whispered, Dont wake your mommy.
Liz shot from her bed, and out through her bedroom door in seconds, bursting into Aubreys room, fists balled and ready to attack whatever intruder dared come into her house.
But there was nobody in the room, except Aubrey, staring out the window, through the open curtains which Liz was pretty certain shed closed.
Da-da, Aubrey said again, looking at the window.
Liz went to the window, checked to make sure it was locked, and saw nothing but darkness outside, and the black security van parked across the street.
Da-da, Aubrey said from her crib.
A chill ran through Lizs body.

* *

2:00 a.m.

Liz couldnt sleep after rocking Aubrey back to sleep.
No matter how many times shed gone over what she thought she heard, it failed to make sense. Just like Roger shooting people doesnt make sense, eh? There was nobody in her daughters room. The window was locked tight. And even though Aubrey was saying, Da-da, there was no way in hell Liz was going to start believing in ghostly visitations from her dead husband.
The only answer which made sense was that shed imagined the voice. She was stressed out, tired, and had been running on empty for five days running. She needed sleep before she lost her mind completely.
She headed downstairs and into the kitchen where she made some hot cocoa. She pulled the large green mug from the microwave, added a splash of milk, then scooped a handful of marshmallows from a glass canister on the counter. She took a sip, savoring the creamy, sugary, chocolate concoction. 
Hot cocoa made her feel like a kid again. She also hoped it would help her sleep. She glanced at the clock on the microwave. It was blinking 12:00.
She couldnt remember the power going out.
She went into the living room and looked at the clock on the cable box which read 2:04 a.m. She might get four or five hours of sleep if she fell asleep right away. Emma usually woke up somewhere between six and seven in the morning, which made some days tougher than others to get through. Tomorrow looked like it would be a long one. Especially if she didnt get to sleep soon.
But something was bothering her. An itch in her brain; something she felt like she was supposed to remember, but couldnt.
She walked from room to room with the mug of cocoa in her hand, hoping shed see something to jog her memory. 
Is it something Im supposed to do tomorrow? A bill I need to pay?
She found herself in Rogers office, clicked on the light, and smiled when she saw that Alex had straightened it up so it no longer looked like a burglar had tore through the room.  
Poor Alex.
Rogers death had rocked them all, but Alex seemed to be taking it the hardest, even if he hid it the best. Liz knew he was hurting. Shed tried to reach out to him, but she didnt know what to do. Part of her felt like she needed to give him his space to deal with this and come to terms with what happened. But another part of her felt that no matter how old Alex was, he still needed his mother.
Shed tried a combination of both approaches, but nothing seemed to be working particularly well. Which was why the cleaned office made her smile. It was the first thing hed done since Friday, and seemed to suggest progress.
She fought a fresh batch of tears, and just as she was about to turn the light off, that itch returned to her brain, demanding she give it attention. 
She turned around, wondering what she was supposed to see in Rogers office.
What is it? she asked the room.
She sat at Rogers desk, set the mug down in front of her, then ran her hands across the surface, remembering him sitting behind it on so many nights, working on his papers, or writing his books. She hoped the police would return the books and journals hed been writing. She hated to think that shed never get to read the things hed spent so many hours on. Hated to think that Alex might never get to read what his father had written. Though Roger didnt share his work with them, she knew that in this situation, hed want them to read what hed devoted so much of his life to.
She felt her tears returning, wiped her eyes, then leaned her head back, and closed her eyes, feeling tired enough to sleep right there.
A full minute passed, and as it did, the idea of sleeping at the desk seemed all the more attractive. 
But the baby monitor wasnt in here. So she opened her eyes, and was about to get up when she noticed that the light in the fire alarm wasnt lit green. It wasnt lit at all.
Thats weird. Did the battery come loose?
She got up from the desk and dragged Rogers chair over to a spot beneath the fire alarm and reached up and twisted the bottom cap. Two objects, hidden in the fire alarm where the battery should have been,  fell from the alarm and to the carpeted floor before she could reach out and catch them.
She wondered why the alarm hadnt gone off to indicate that the battery wasnt working, and assumed that Roger mustve cut the wires or something.
But why? What was he hiding in there?
She checked the inside of the cap to make sure there was nothing else squirreled away inside the alarm, then screwed it back into place. She hopped off the chair and knelt down and picked up the fallen objects.
A flash drive and a folded piece of paper.
What the?
She set the flash drive on the desk, not having a computer to access it, and began to unfold the paper.
As she flattened the note, she saw that it was written in her husbands precise block-like handwriting. 
A list of five names.
The paper began to shake in her hands; stomach flopping as significance dawned.
It was a list of the students her husband had shot.
Four of them, anyway.
Manny wasnt on the list.
But Alexs girlfriend, Katie, was.

* * * *

CHAPTER 9
Cassidy Hughes Part 2


Thursday
September 7
1:11 a.m.

Cassidy woke to the sound of voices whispering, coming from somewhere in the room. When she opened her eyes, the light from the TV was strobing on, off, on, off, casting the room from bright to pitch black over and over, in unequal measures. The picture on the screen was nothing but snow.
On, off, on, off, like a power surge, in an oddly syncopated pattern.
The effect on her head was disorienting. Cassidy rose from her bed, and the room felt like it was spinning.
On, off, on, off, and then . . . nothing. 
The TV stayed off, and the room was utter blackness.
She put her hands out in front of her, trying to feel her way to the bedroom door. If she could make it to the kitchen, she could find a flashlight in the junk drawer. She moved slowly, unfamiliar with her surroundings, hoping she wouldnt stub her toe or knock something over and wake everybody up.
As her hand touched the doorknob, the room went bright again and the TV blared back to life. She spun around to see the snowy screen, something she hadnt seen since cable went ubiquitous. Beneath the sound of the TVs white noise, she heard whispering, like the sound of a man saying something.
She walked toward the television, and lowered her face toward the speaker to listen closer to the whispering.
The man was saying the same thing over and over, as if a recorded loop.

Eleven. Eleven. Eleven. Eleven . . .

Suddenly a shape appeared, overlapping the snow, like a ghosted image from a distant broadcast from the 1950s or something. A mans face, barely visible, speaking the same word over and over. A chill went through her, as if she were somehow seeing a ghost or message from the distant past.

Eleven. Eleven. Eleven. Eleven . . .

The TV went dark, returning the room to pitch black silence.
Cassidy reached her hand out again, finding her way to the bedroom door. Her hand lowered, found the knob, then opened it. The moment she opened the door, a bright light in the hallway blinded her, as if someone had placed giant spotlights at either end of the hall, then flicked them on the moment she stepped into the hallway.
She raised her hands to cover her eyes.
The light was so bright, so pervasive, and stinging, that even closing her eyes couldnt keep the brightness at bay.
Cassidy heard the TV click back on in her room, the sound of the white noise, with the whispering man saying eleven over and over. But he was soon drowned out by another sound  a scream from Emmas room.
Emma! Cassidy shouted, as she stumbled blindly into the hall, one hand on her eyes, the other feeling the wall, tracing it to Emmas door.
Help! the girl screamed. Mommy!
Cassidy moved faster, found the door, and lowered her hand to the doorknob and twisted it open.
A loud popping sound echoed through the entire house, then everything went black.

**

Cassidy woke to an infomercial on the TV, and saw that the time on the clock beside her bed was blinking 12:00 in its soft blue LED display.
What the hell was in that pill?
Her head was pounding and her body ached. Usually the pills made her slightly nauseous at worst. Nothing like this. She vaguely remembered that shed had a dream. A nightmare, but it was all a blur behind the headache. 
She was pretty sure this was the worst headache shed ever had. She wasnt sure if it was a reaction to the pills, or an accumulation of all the stress. As a child she used to get horrible migraines, pretty close to the severity of this headache. Maybe she was getting them again, she figured.
Fuck.
She found the pill bottle beneath her pillow, took another two pills, for pain, this time, not recreation, and swallowed some water.
She laid her head back down on the pillow, watching as the clocks blue digits blinked on and off, on and off, on and . . .
When she woke again in the morning, Emma was gone.

* * * *
TO BE CONTINUED...


CHAPTER 10: Authors Note

When I was around 11 or 12, I got my first television.
We had a TV before then  my parents werent cruel  but this was MY first TV. For MY bedroom. 
It was a black and white set, with a screen much smaller than the laptop I have now. It didnt come with a cable box. Just two antennae  one for VHF and one for UHF broadcast signals. I had less than 12 channels total to choose from, but for the next four years or so, this box would be my lifeline to entertainment.
At the time, UHF stations were trying to compete with cable, and were showing uncut movies. This is decades before the FCC got in a tizzy over Janet Jacksons nipple melting the minds of millions of young people during the Super Bowl. While my parents wouldnt allow me to watch R-rated movies, they had no idea what was available on regular TV. 
So Id stay up late at night, watching scary movies theyd never let me watch in the living room.
Usually, I wound up watching old horror movies from when my mom was a kid, fitting, given I was watching on a black and white set. Other times, Id get lucky and catch a newer movie like Halloween or Halloween 2. Newer movies meant lots of violence, and sometimes even . . . boobies!
When I was a kid, you had to work to find nudity! You had to hope your dad had some smutty magazines, have access to the pay cable stations, or a TV with a good UHF antenna. 
Because heres the thing about stations broadcasting on the UHF stations  they had crappy signals. I cant tell you how many movies and TV shows I watched through snow. Oftentimes, the signal would start off strong, and then halfway into the movie, the weather would change, and the signal would go to shit. It was an exercise in frustration to be watching a movie and miss the ending because the signal cut out. 
Maybe thats why I love tormenting you with cliffhangers.
Anyway, there is a point to all of this, beyond 11 year old me sneaking peeks at snowy boobies, I swear.
Where I lived, there were three UHF stations that showed uncut movies. Then there were two more UHF stations that aired PBS, which also showed unedited movies sometimes, in addition to the very excellent Tom Baker-era Doctor Who episodes! And then there were two Spanish language TV stations, which seemed to show either really old movies, telenovelas, or horrible game shows where the prize always seemed to be something really lame, like a new toaster.
But then there were these other stations . . .
If I turned the dial (yeah, kids, there used to be a time when TVs didnt have remotes!) just right   between two UHF channels  Id sometimes pick up on stations from far away.
If the weather was right, and I turned the dial just right, I could sometimes pick up stations from hundreds of miles away which Id never even heard of. Oftentimes, I had to be creative to pick up these signals, twisting metal coat-hangers just so, and attaching them to the UHF antenna.
As a kid before the age of internet or a million cable channels, watching distant channels was nothing short of awesome! I didnt care what was on the channel, Id watch it. Even if it was an old episode of Bonanza. Something about watching a channel from far away  a channel I wasnt supposed to be able to pick up  seemed weird, wonderful, and full of magic. 
But sometimes, late at night, when everybody else in the house was asleep, and the only light in the darkness was from the glow of my tiny TV, I saw things.
There were times when the broadcast signals would bleed over one another, and Id pick up ghosted images or audio from another channel. Innocuous broadcasts suddenly became mysterious, as my overactive imagination went to work, turning these images and sounds into messages Id accidentally intercepted.
Messages not meant for me.
And thats when the first seeds were sewn for WhiteSpace. 
While this is a story that Sean and I created together  much like we created the post-apocalyptic serial, Yesterdays Gone  theres a creepiness underlying it all which was borne years ago in the bedroom of a young kid just trying to see something his parents didnt want him to see . . .
or pick up on distant messages from far away.

This isnt my only WhiteSpace-related tale to tell. But the others will have to wait until a bit more of the story is revealed. See you next week with WhiteSpace: Episode 2.

Thank you for reading,
David W. Wright

* * * *

CHAPTER 11: About the Authors

Sean Platt is the co-author of the Yesterdays Gone, ForNevermore, and Available Darkness series, in addition to the novels Four Seasons and the childrens book, Penny to a Million.
In addition to being a regular contributor for Copyblogger.com, the Webs premier content marketing site, Sean has written copy for some of the largest writing and lifestyle blogs on the Web.
A new breed of publisher, Sean writes and publishes nonfiction and fiction in several genres ranging from childrens books to horror. Sean is a co-founder of the publishing imprint Collective Inkwell Media, along with David.
He is available for speaking events aimed at writers, publishers, and creative entrepreneurs, as well as for individual consultation.
Sean is living the writer's dream in Ohio with his wife and two children.

Connect with Sean at:
sean@ghostwriterdad.com
http://ghostwriterdad.com
http://twitter.com/seanplatt
http://facebook.com/ghostwriterdad
http://collectiveinkwell.com

* * * *

David W. Wright is a former newspaper reporter and cartoonist. He is the co-author of the Yesterdays Gone, ForNevermore, and Available Darkness series. He is also working on an illustrated childrens book for preschoolers (which may or may not come out before his son is out of preschool.)
You should avoid feeding David after midnight, getting him wet, or exposing him to bright light.

He writes about Collective Inkwell stuff at:
http://CollectiveInkwell.com
He blogs and rants about writing, pop culture, and other stuff at:
http://DavidwWright.com
David lives on the East Coast with his wife, his four year old son, and the worlds most pooping-est cat.

Connect with David at:
Collectiveinkwellmedia@gmail.com
http://twitter.com/thedavidwwright
http://collectiveinkwell.com
http://davidwwright.com

* * * *
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING YOU CAN DO 

Well, for us, anyway. 
We thank you for reading our book. Youve already rocketed to the top of our Favorite People In The World Category, a list currently populated by J.J. Abrams, Stephen King, Clive Barker, Craig Ferguson, and whoever first thought to put cookies in ice cream (someone give that person a Nobel Prize!)
But theres one more thing wed appreciate if you have a few minutes
If you enjoyed WhiteSpace, or even if you kinda liked it, please LEAVE A REVIEW TODAY.

WHY REVIEWS MATTER
Listen, we hate begging you like an NPR pledge drive, but were new writers, and still making names for ourselves. In todays publishing world, with so many great writers out there trying to get noticed, reviews can be the difference between making it and writing in obscurity. 
The truth is, wed probably write even we only had five readers. I (David) wrote for years while working the graveyard shift at a gas station, dreaming of a day Id have people getting lost in my worlds and words. Were writers. We have stories to tell, and are gonna do it no matter what.
But the better our books do, the more we can write for you.

MOST PEOPLE
Most people who read a book will never review it. Maybe they dont have time. Maybe they dont like leaving reviews. Or maybe they dont think it matters to an author. Or maybe theyd never even considered leaving a review. Whatever the case, we dont take offense. Honestly, were just thrilled that theyre reading. 
Were thrilled that YOU are reading!
But  if you have a few minutes, you can make a huge difference in how our story as indie writers unfolds. 
 You really came out for Yesterdays Gone, and we THANK YOU from the bottoms of our hearts. Between reader email, tweets, and reviews, you rocked!
Wed love it if you can help again.
The biggest challenge for indie authors is finding an audience. Word-of-mouth and reviews at Amazon, Apple, Barnes & Noble, Sony, Smashwords, Goodreads, and similar sites can make all the difference in the world between whether a new reader will find and purchase our books.
So please consider leaving a review today.
Thank you,
David Wright 
& Sean Platt

* * * *

CHAPTER 12: Sneak Peak at Yesterday's Gone Episode 1 



On October 15 at 2:15 a.m. everyone on Earth vanished.

Well, almost everyone.

A scattered few woke alone in a world where there are no rules other than survival... at any cost.

A journalist wanders the wretched reality of an empty New York, in search for his wife and son.

A serial killer must hunt in a land where prey is now an endangered species.

A mother shields her young daughter from danger, as every breath fills her with terror.

A bullied teen is thrilled to find everyone gone. Until the knock on his door.

A fugitive survives a fiery plane crash. Will he be redeemed, or return to what hes best at: the kill?

An eight year old boy sets out on a journey to find his missing family. What he finds will change him forever.

And theres a few people who arent surprised that this happened at all. In fact, theyve been dreaming about this day for years.

These survivors arent alone...
Someone or something is watching them.
And waiting...

Strangers unite.

Sides are chosen.

Will humanity survive what it never saw coming?

The only certainty is that Yesterdays Gone.

Youve never read anything like Yesterdays Gone  the epic, groundbreaking, thrilling new series of serialized fiction. Season One takes you on a non-stop ride from the day the survivors awoke all the way to the shocking season finale.


BRENT FOSTER


Saturday
October 15, 2011
morning
New York City

On the day everything changed, Brent Fosters biggest concern was getting an hour to himself. But hell if he wouldnt have settled for 15 minutes.
His head was pounding when he woke, as if hed spent the night partying rather than staying late at the paper. Fortunately, it was his day off. He glanced at the alarm clock and saw that the blue numbers were black. The fan he used to drown out the sounds of his neighbors and traffic was off too. The power mustve gone out.
Great.
Judging from the morning sun coming through the opening in the curtains, he figured it was probably 9 a.m. And since he couldnt hear the sounds of his rambunctious three year old at play, Gina mustve taken Ben for a walk or play date at the park. 
He smiled. He loved when he had the apartment to himself. Moments alone were so rare these days. He worked under constant deadlines in the newsroom, still always hustling and bustling, even with the layoffs. Then, at home, his son was usually awake and in need of some daddy time. 
He just wants to spend time with you, his wife would say, tugging at Brents threadbare guilt strings. Youre always working.
Brent wasnt completely antisocial, even if Gina might argue otherwise; he just needed time to decompress when he woke and when he got home. He was just wired that way. If he didnt get time, he grew moody and anxious. And he was short with Ben, which carried the rough consequence of feeling shitty for hours, one hour for every second he was uncool to Ben. The last thing he wanted to be was like his own dad, yet some days, he was headed there with a full tank of gas and a brick on the pedal.
He was in a better mood when he could start the day alone. Today, it seemed, would start just right.
Brent walked into the living room, popped open the fridge, off but still cold. He grabbed a bottle of water and took a deep swig as his eyes scanned the counter for a note from his wife. She always left a note when she went somewhere. But, apparently, not today. Brent took another swig of water and headed down the hall to his sons room. The door was closed; big blue wooden letters spelled BEN on the door. Brent peered inside. The bed was unmade, curtains drawn, even though Gina always opened them when Ben first woke. Both pairs of Bens sneakers were sitting on top of his blue wooden toy box that doubled as a bench.
Brent was confused. Gina wouldnt take Ben from the apartment without shoes. 
He went back into his room, fished the cellphone from his pants, and glanced at the time. 10:20 a.m. Later than he thought.
He dialed Ginas cell and put the phone to his ear.
No sound on the other line.
Phones are down, too?
Brent dialed again, same result.
Mrs. Goldman.
They had to be at the apartment across the hall, Mrs. Goldmans. Her husband had passed away a few months earlier. Gina had started bringing Ben over to keep her company. She loved Ben and he loved eating her cookies  a perfect match.
Brent slipped on some sweatpants, then headed across the hall and knocked on the door. The lights in the hall were out, save for four emergency lights spaced every five doors along the ceiling.
Mrs. Goldman always took forever to answer the door. Brent suspected she was going deaf, even though she had a keen ear for neighborhood gossip. He knocked louder. Still, no answer. 
Mrs. Goldman never went anywhere. Ever. Her only other family was her worthless son, Peter, who never visited. The few times Gina had invited her to the store or for a nice afternoon lunch, Mrs. Goldman declined. She didnt care much for the city. Was only there because her husband loved it. Now he was gone, and she was happy to spend her days watching TV, reading her mysteries, and playing bridge with some of the other ladies twice a week.
Mrs. Goldman, Brent called, Are you there?
Nothing.
Weird.
Brent didnt know the other neighbors on his floor, but Gina had recently become friends with a young mother a few doors down. Maybe they went there, Brent figured. He walked toward the end of the hall, but couldnt remember if the woman lived in number 437 or 439. 
He tried knocking on 437 first.
No answer.
He tried a couple more times, then went to 439.
No response.
What the hell? 
People were always home, or at least it seemed that way. Brent was never able to sleep in because his neighbors were loud and the walls were thin. Hed wanted to move somewhere quieter for years, somewhere with neighbors who actually left the building every now and then. Brent turned and tried the door across the hall, 440.
No response.
What the hell? 
Brent turned around and headed up the hallway, stopping to knock at each door along the way.
One, two, and then five more doors. Nothing. He continued down the hall, his heart thudding, knocks turning to pounding at each door. 
By the time he reached the end of the hallway, he was hot and sweaty, yelling. HELLO?! ANYONE?!
Nothing but black silence. The darkened hall seemed to constrict as his mind started racing.
Impossible. Theres no way that nobodys home. No fucking way. Unless . . .
Terrorists.
The word bubbled to the surface as an answer to a question hed not yet had the courage to ask. They were in New York, so it wasnt implausible. He raced back to his apartment, door still open, went to the windows and pulled the curtains aside, then looked down on the city streets. The empty city streets.
Brent was speechless, his heart on pause, eyes swimming in and out of focus.
What the fuck?
It didnt add up. If there were an attack, there would be bodies. If there was an evacuation, surely his wife wouldve woken him. Unless maybe it happened while she was out and unable to get back.
That thought died on the vine when he spotted Ginas purse and keys on the kitchen table, right where she put them every night before bed, ready for the next morning. 
He looked back down. No people. No cars on the street. Well, none that were moving, anyway. Brent could see a handful that were either in the middle of the street, or had crashed into the cars parked on the opposite side of the street. He could see exhaust from some of the cars, their lights still on.
It was as if everyone on his block just simultaneously vanished. Everyone except Brent.
He went to Bens room again to get a look from his sons window, which had a slightly better angle at the cross street. Something sharp stung his foot. He cursed as he stumbled, glancing at the carpet to see a small blue train.
Stanley Train, Bens favorite toy, which he carried with him everywhere, including to bed. It was there, just sitting on the floor. Brent bent and picked it up. Its wide eyes and eternally giant smile stared back at him. Wherever his little boy was, he was without his favorite toy. 
He set the train on Bens pillow and returned to his room. He got dressed, then grabbed his keys, wallet, and phone. He shoved everything in his jeans, then went to the kitchen, found the notepad and a pen and left a note for Gina.

Where did you go? Went outside to look for you. Knocked on doors at our neighbors, nobodys home. Ill be back at 1 p.m. If you come home, wait for me.
Love,
Brent

Halfway through the front door, Brent thought of something, then went back to his sons room, grabbed Stanley Train from the pillow and put it in his pocket. 

**

Brent took the stairs down to the next floor, and started knocking on those doors, despite not knowing anyone on this floor.
At the sixth door without any response, he worked up the courage to try a doorknob. Locked.
Halfway down the hall, he got an idea. He found the fire alarm and pulled it. The alarm blared; a banshee shriek amid the quiet. Brent covered his ears, watching the hall, waiting for people to flee. 
Not a single door opened.
Fuck it, Brent said, and went to apartment 310, tried the knob. It was locked. He backed up a bit, kicked at a spot right below the doorknob and was surprised at how easily the door burst open. Why even have locks?
Hello?! he shouted.
No response. 
The apartment was as vacant as his own. Pictures on the wall showed a Puerto Rican family of four. Parents with two twin boys, about 10 years old. He was about to leave the apartment, but movement grabbed him. Something just beyond the sheer curtains covering the living room window. He moved closer and saw the slinky silhouette of a cat sunning on the windowsill. How it could relax with the alarm blaring was beyond Brent, but then again, so were most things feline.
He went to the curtain, pulled it aside, and saw the white long-haired cat stretched out, face nuzzled against the warm windowsill. As he reached out to pet the cat, it started to roll over to show its belly. As it turned, Brent jumped back.
The cats face had no eyes or mouth.
Brent fell back two steps, letting the curtain fall into place, his heart racing, half expecting the monstrosity to jump on him or worse. He stared at the curtains, dread creeping up his spine.
What the hell is that?
He watched the cats silhouette as it laid back down. He worked up the courage to pull the curtain aside again to make sure hed seen what he thought hed seen. The cats face was turned down, so he had to reach out, hesitantly, again and pet its head to get it to look back up at him. As his fingers touched the cats fur, he felt a slight shock, like static electricity. The cat didnt seem to notice the shock. It began purring in response to the touch, then lifted its chin to meet Brent.
Only this time, the cat had eyes, wide blue ones, and a mouth.
Brent shook his head, feeling stupid. He continued to pet the cats head as the alarm kept ringing.
You deaf, kitty? Brent asked.
No response. Which was a good thing, or Brent might have just jumped right out the window. 
He glanced out at the street below to see if tenants were pouring from the buildings lower floors because of the fire alarm. If so, he didnt see anyone. 
As the curtain drifted back into place, he saw movement on the street below. 
He snatched the curtain aside again, and glanced down at the apartment building across the street. A man in a dark sweater, baseball cap, and pants emerged from beneath the green awning and onto the street, looking around. He was too far away to get a good look at, particularly under a baseball cap, but something about his gait suggested he was nervous.
Brent jumped up, excited, and began smacking the window, yelling, HEY! HEY!
The cat leaped down and scurried out of sight.
The man on the street didnt seem to hear Brent. He was walking north along the street, sticking to the sidewalk. Brent stopped trying to get his attention. While the man did glance over at the building a couple of times, likely drawn by the sound of the siren, his attention was mostly on something further down the road that Brent couldnt see.
Brent watched, waiting to see where the man would go.
He seemed to be looking for someone. The man pulled a pair of binoculars out of his jacket and scanned the street in both directions. Then, he raised his binoculars up toward Brent. Brent waved frantically. For a moment, the man paused, and Brent was certain that hed seen him. But he put the binoculars down and turned quickly to the north side of the street as if hed heard or seen something.
The man lifted the binoculars to his eyes and focused to get a better look at whatever had his attention.
Brent turned, pushing his face against the window, struggling to see whatever the man was now staring at, but the angle was marred. He looked back down at the man, only to see him running as fast as he could in the opposite direction, and back into the apartment building hed come from. 
Brent pressed his face against the window again, struggling to see what scared the hell out of the guy. Whatever it was, he couldnt see it.
Hide, a voice in Brents head said. Hide now. 
Its coming.

Visit:
http://serializedfiction.com/yesterdays-gone 
for more information.

* * * *


CHAPTER 13: Sneak Peek of ForNevermore


From the writers of the groundbreaking post-apocalyptic serial Yesterdays Gone, comes a dark new fantasy horror serial, ForNevermore.
All 17 year old Noella Snow ever wanted was a normal life. 
But normal died with her mother, minutes after she was born. Then again when her father was murdered before her eyes on her seventh birthday. Now she spends her days in quiet misery, an outcast at school, harboring a secret crush on her best friend, Sam.
Noellas only happiness lies in her dreams, in a world where her father still lives and Dante, a mysterious stranger with a deadly touch, guards over her.
Now those dreams have turned to nightmares as Noella begins hearing voices, witnessing murders she cant possibly know of, and seeing the monsters from her sleep merging into her waking life. 
Noella doesnt want to return to Kings Point, the psychiatric hospital where she was forced to go after an episode two years earlier. 
She tells herself shes better. 
But then one night Noella sees the impossible... Dante, watching her from afar, as he has for centuries  nearly as long as he's loved her.
Is Noella losing her mind? Or is she linked to a hidden world, destined to be normal ForNevermore?
ForNevermore is a bold new paranormal serial, with awesome cliffhanger endings that will make you feel like youre watching your favorite TV show right on your eReader. 
Check out the first two chapters below.

* * * *


ONE

Aurora Falls, New York
Friday, October 26
9:50 p.m.


On the short list of things worse than what had already happened to Noella Snow today, being murdered was definitely one of them.
It was her 17th birthday, and was officially her worst birthday in 10 years. Considering what happened on her 7th birthday, that was saying a lot.
She was working the counter at Keefers Koffee, Aurora Falls pathetic excuse for an echo of Starbucks, and wondering why shed even agreed to cover Tammys shift. She looked at the clock for the hundredth time. Ten minutes until closing. It seemed as if the clock was conspiring to keep her from the bed she couldnt wait to fall into, where she could pull the covers over herself, and try to forget this day ever happened. 
Noella was wrapping unsold brownies in thin sheets of ice blue cellophane so theyd be fresh for the morning rush, while ignoring the urge to shove one, or five, in her mouth. Sure, it would dull the days pain . . . for a few minutes. But once she swallowed, the dull ache would return, stronger, accompanied by her old friend guilt. 
Treat yourself, its your birthday, girl.
It was her birthday, and she had grown into a slim young woman, but neither changed a childhood of name-calling, with barbs such as Thunder Thighs, Chunky Monkey, and Patti Fatty, crushing trust and reducing her confidence to crumbs.
Noella slid the tray of brownies into the cooler with a decisive shove, just as the front door dinged and split the silence of the nearly empty coffee shop. She looked up, and felt a cold snake of terror slither across her shoulders, then down her spine. 
Noella wasnt sure how she knew, whether it was the voices shed taken pills to silence, or a hunch, but she knew for certain that death had entered Keefers.
The weird thing was that guy didnt look dangerous. 
He was young and handsome, even in soft wash jeans and a moody-looking leather jacket. His blue New York Mets hat and thick mop of brown hair made him look like any one of the hundreds of guys who came into the coffee shop. But there was something in his eyes that bled into Noellas, something that said:
He is here to kill me.
Most nights there were at least four or five people scattered among the 10 booths peppering the front arc of Keefers. They usually lingered around, hooked to the Wi-Fi, and taking a million years to leave, keeping Noella from closing and getting on with what little life she had. Tonight, of course, the place was tumbleweeds. She hadnt had a customer in 15 minutes, punctuating both the loneliness of her birthday, and her new vulnerability. 
Tony, the shift manager, was out back taking the evenings trash to the dumpster, though Noella knew he was really just sucking down yet another cigarette. Tony smoked more minutes than he worked, making him a generally useless co-worker. 
Useless or not, I could really use him right now.
Welcome to Keefers, she said, trying not to sound nervous. What can I get you?
Mets Hat said nothing as he drifted toward the counter, his eyes studying the menu on the wall above and behind her as if he were trying to figure out a menu written in Swahili. 
But his eyes werent really reading the menu. They were reading Noella. 
That wasnt uncommon. Though Noella considered herself plain, that didnt stop any number of creepy guys from coming in, undressing her with their eyes, and worse. Sometimes theyd comment on the faint heart-shaped birthmark on her left cheek, as if they were the first in the world to notice it, and wanted a medal for coming up with some lame come-on line involving hearts. 
Perverts were everywhere, and Noella had more or less learned to ignore the bore of their gazes. But this guy wasnt a pervert. Or at least just a pervert. This guy was terror on two legs.
Noellas mind flashed to the recent reports which lit the maudlin smiles of every local TV news anchor for the past several months  12 murdered or missing girls in the last half year. Unsolved crimes with no suspects or clue what the killer looked like. Another chill shot through her core and something whispered in her mind.
He looks like this guy right here.
Noella scanned the counter looking for anything she could use as a weapon. Her eyes settled on the closed drawer where shed set the knives they used to slice bagels and sandwiches.
Hurry up, Tony!
Noella was aware of the murders, as it was impossible to live in the town and not be. This was upstate New York, not exactly a hotbed of crime, let alone serial murders, so corpses left in the streets tended to attract attention. Hardly a day went by in the shop where someone wasnt talking about their connection, no matter how tangential, to one of the victims. But the murders werent anything Noella gave particular attention to, or worried about. Until now. 
Mets Hat stood silently in front of her, hands in his jacket and anxiety all over his face. The longer he stood there, staring, the more convinced she became that she was staring at the serial killer everyone was looking for.
Where in the hell are you, Tony? It doesnt take that long to smoke a cigarette!
Noella wanted to flee, turn and run as fast as she could, out the back door without so much as a glance behind. But she felt foolish. Her logical side  the side the pills made stronger  whispered: Hes just weird, not a murderer at all. Also, serial killers arent usually cute, are they?
If Noella ran from the store, she may as well draw another bulls-eye on her head. She didnt need to give the kids at her school yet another reason to make fun of her. And certainly word would get back to them if she ran out of the shop like a crazy person. So she stayed put, praying to whoever might listen that Tony would return and calm the crumbling walls of resolve around her. She glanced back through the door behind her, and into the storage room where the exit door was propped open. 
No sign of Tony, yet.
Come on, man. You smoking the whole pack?
Noellas leg began to shake. She had to pee. 
Find anything you like? she asked.
The mans eyes looked past her, toward the back room. The side of her brain that the pills couldnt calm began its chatter again.
This is it. Hes got a gun in his pocket. 
Mets Hat turned his head in an odd way, as if hed heard the voices in her head. Their eyes met again, and the hair on her arms went angry and standing. Noella glanced at the closed drawer with the knives, then down at the panic button on the floor, maybe four feet away,  trying to decide which she should run to first. The knife would help her immediately, if she were able to defend herself. But the button could bring the police, and their guns, eventually.
He stared at her as though he could read the conversation in her mind and feel the weight of her decision. His eyes went narrow, and Noella felt a sudden tear inside her mind. A violation. She wondered if he was really inside her head, or if it was only the side of her mind that never went quiet or stopped playing tricks. 
His eyes lit up in a manic glee, which eerily echoed that in the eyes of the man who killed her father 10 years ago tonight. You dont forget those details, no matter how hard you try.
This is it.
He pulled the gun from his pocket before Noella could reach the panic button.
She screamed as her foot stomped down on the button, anyway.
Shut up and give me all the money in your register! he yelled, pulling a thin canvas bag from inside his jacket, and throwing it into her arms.
Noella stared at the bag, her mind reeling as a fog of terror swallowed her ability to move. 
Open the register! the man growled, thrusting the gun inches from her face.
Oh God, hes not even wearing a mask!  Hes gonna shoot me so there are no witnesses.
Noella stood, frozen to the spot.
Move, move, move, just do what he says!
But she couldnt. And she became certain that in her fear of doing anything which would get her shot, he would become frustrated enough to pull the trigger.
Now! the man screamed again, and Noella jumped.
Just stay calm, give him what he wants, and hopefully he will leave.
Tonys voice called from the back, surprising both her and the robber. 
Did you say something? Tony asked as he stepped from the back room, reeking of smoke, pulling white earbuds from his ears. Tonys eyes widened in shock, bouncing from the gun to Noella, then back. 
He turned, and made it one hastened pace toward the back room before Mets Hat pulled the trigger and shot Tony in the back of the head. The gunshot thundered through the coffee shop and pierced Noellas ears. She cried out, holding her hands over her ears, staring at Tony as he stumbled a few steps, then made a final sideways shuffle. He dropped, face cracking ceramic in a bloody crunch.
Noella cried out, her voice and breath threatening to leave her.
She stared at Tonys dead body, and flashed back a decade, seeing her father die in front of her.
No, no, no.
She turned to Mets Hat, tears in her eyes. Please dont kill me, she begged. 
He looked more surprised than Noella. She had expected him to pull the trigger since she first saw death in his eyes. He obviously hadnt been planning to . . . until now.
He opened his mouth but said nothing. The death in his eyes retreated, leaving behind a broken shell of emotion. Oh my God . . . What did I do?
His eyes darted back and forth, panicked, trying to figure out what he was going to do now. He just killed a man. And now he had to determine whether to flee or take care of the only witness. Noella was frozen, not daring an inch, for fear of spooking Death to take another shot. 
Hes going to kill you.
You saw his face. You saw him kill someone. He cant let you live.
Their eyes locked, and he looked down at the gun in his hand. Im sorry, he said, raising the gun to her head.

* * * *

TWO

Yesterday morning
Thursday, October 25


Noella reluctantly woke to reality.
She far preferred her dream world to this one. In her dreams, her dad was still alive, and she didnt have to live with her Aunt Josie and Josies jerky boyfriend, Randy. At times, her dreams seemed solely designed to remind her how much of a nightmare her reality had become. 
She opened her eyes to the sliver of light spilling through her parted curtains, and thought of her father, Thomas. 
It had been 10 years today since his eyes closed forever, yet on mornings like this, in the lingering aftermath of the dreams,  10 years ago seemed like yesterday, and the wounds of grief still fresh.
Noella faced the window, trying to work up the courage to start her day. Though she got six hours of sleep, it felt more like four. Her head was throbbing, again, and she was feeling groggy. Today was gonna be a long day. She reached for her bottle of pills, palmed one into her mouth, and then took a sip of water from the water bottle on her nightstand.
A pill a day keeps the voices away.
She lay back down, figuring she had about 10 minutes before she needed to start getting ready. Josie didnt have to be to work for another hour, so Noella had time to maybe catch a catnap.
She was debating whether or not it was better to just get up, or catch a few more Zs, and have to go through the whole waking up thing all over again. A knock on the door bolted her upright in bed. She could practically smell the oh gross of Randys Old Spice on the other side. 
He pounded on the door again, then yelled, You ready yet? Ive gotta get to work. Im taking you to school, and were outta here in five.
Noellas feet hit the carpet. What? Nobody told me! She opened the door and poked her head into the hallway where Randy was standing, dressed in his uniform and ready to go. 
I thought Aunt Josie was taking me to school, today. How am I supposed to shower and get ready in five minutes?!
Nope, shes come down with something and is laid up in bed, so now you get to ride with me in the cruiser.
Great.
Just what she needed: to be driven to school with her aunts boyfriend in the police cruiser, again. Last time he dropped her off, she tried to keep her head down and sneak out of the car unnoticed. Randy, being the big jerk he was, waited until she was halfway out of the car and accidentally blurted the siren. Right in front of all the kids hanging out in front of the school. They all looked, pointed, and laughed. It was so humiliating! Given her history, and the events from two years earlier, the last thing Noella needed was to be brought to school in a cop car. It reminded people of the things she hoped theyd someday forget if she could manage to fly under the radar long enough.
I wish someone woulda told me I had to be up early, she said.
Oh, Im sorry, Missy. Ill tell Josie to try and schedule her sickness in advance from now on so Princess Noellas not inconvenienced. 
Princess Noella?! She hated when he said crap like that. She was about as far as you could be from a princess, especially given all the rich, stuck-up snobs in her school. Those girls are princesses! 
Randys voice cracked into a laugh. Get up, giddy-up, and get in the shower. No one was ever around to wake me and I learned to unbury my head from the covers just fine. Five minutes is more than enough time. Its not like youve got more than four outfits. Pick one, rub some Teen Spirit on your stink patches, and get downstairs before I turn the engine.
10 minutes, Randy. Noella growled. Youre telling me you couldnt have given me 10 minutes?
Anger flashed on his face and his voice went electric. Excuse me? Is that how you talk to someone offering to do something nice for you? Sheesh, kids today are so ungrateful!
Noella stared at Randy, holding his eyes and making him gaze into the hate she could never voice. Sometimes, she wished he would just hit her, so maybe Josie would wake up and see what a jerk he was. But Randy had been too cool to ever let his anger get that out of hand. He somehow managed to snow Josie over, balancing his verbal abuse evenly with this charm, but Noella could see, maybe even feel, the monster lurking below, the monster that fed on their misery and drank theirs like a drunk in an alley. Between his erratic mood swings, obsessive compulsive attention to detail, and penchant for ruling the roost like a prison warden, their lives always revolved around not doing anything to set Randy off. It was like constantly walking on a carpet of eggshells. And for some reason this morning, she felt like dancing all over them and cracking them to powder, just to see if she could push him over the edge.
His flash of anger vanished, replaced by a wide, faux smile barely masking his contempt. Well, you could just take the bus, he said, his smile a hook, waiting to see what it might catch. 
You know I dont like to take the bus, Noella said.
Thats your fault. You just need to learn how to stand up to those bitches. Problem with you, Noella, other than your questionable wardrobe of funeral attire, is that you let life happen. Girls aint gonna pick on you if you do something to change it.
Yeah, whatever, Noella said. What do you know about what Ive gotta put up with?
Oh, right, Randy sarcastically nodded. What do I know? Im just a deputy. What would I know about handling violent people? Take the bus, and learn to stand up for yourself. Otherwise bullies are gonna be pushing you around forever. Mark my words, Missy.
Missy... another one of the things he said which had a way of crawling under her skin  and burrowing into her brain.
Fine, Ill take the bus, Noella said to the biggest bully she knew.
It was just as well. The girls on the bus were cruel, but at least the trip was short. Going to school with frizzy hair and feeling funky was not an option. Shed rather put up with a few minutes of catty crap than feel like crap all day. Besides, the girls on the bus were in the minor leagues when it came to her list of enemies. Her real enemies were far too popular to ever be caught dead on the bus. They either took new cars their parents got them, or rode with their boyfriends (in cars bought by the his parents). So maybe the bus wasnt as bad as she remembered.
Well then, Im outta here, Randy said. Remember, if you kill one of the girls, Ill have to arrest you, but I promise you wont get grounded at home. So try and keep it to fists and hair pulling, eh? Randy winked, then disappeared down the stairs and out the front door.
Noella rolled her eyes and shut her door, his Old Spice still lingering in her nostrils.

**

Noella showered and then texted Mako to let her know she would be joining her on the bus today. They didnt get to see much of each other this year, since they only shared one class, so that would be cool. Noella checked in on Josie long enough to see her shape buried under the covers, and then raced from the house. The morning air was crisp and cold. Dark clouds hung over the street as if theyd been waiting for her to step outside.
God, it better not rain... or snow.
She considered going back inside to get her umbrella, but sometimes the bus liked to come early, so she locked the door instead. She turned around and stopped cold, surprised to see an extra long green and yellow moving truck blocking the house across the street, the one that had been vacant ever since her best friend Sam,moved a half mile away last summer.
As though she had all the time in the world, Noella trotted across the street, then peeked around the back of the truck. It was locked up tight. By the looks of it, the house was, too. But the For Sale sign was gone, so someone was definitely moving into the place. She hoped it would be someone cool, though odds of that happening seemed pretty remote. In fact, other than Sam, fate had a rather dark sense of humor when it came to choosing her neighbors. Her block sometimes seemed like a Whos Who of Weird, from the old man who liked to walk outside in nothing but his underwear, to the militant nut-job that always gave her the stink-eye and yelled racist comments at people who walked on his lawn, to the family that she was pretty sure was running a meth lab, to the creepy guy who seemed waaaay too interested in everyones business, she was glad she didnt have to spend a lot of time outdoors. 
And then there were the kids.
Kids around here, with the exception of her two friends, were either popular rich kids who looked down on anyone different than them, or testosterone-pumped steroid cases with raging homophobia. And in some cases, you got the worst of both worlds, steroid-case rich kids. While there were other groups, the artsy hipsters, the rockers, the emos and goths, the nerds, and a few other groups, she didnt really fit in with any of them. Though most people looked at her and thought goth chick, she never really fit in with them, either.
Noella was truly a unique freak, not belonging or fitting in with any group. Alone, as shed always been. And most days she liked it. But her birthday was not one of those days.
Noella looked up and saw Mako at the end of the block, tapping her foot impatiently.
Come on! she said.
Sorry! Noella yelled, throwing her arms around her in a big hug.  
Most days felt like a reunion. Noella and Mako rarely saw one another outside school. Randy was a jerk, and yanked the leash whenever he could, but the real problem was that Makos parents were ridiculously strict, even for old school Japanese parents. Most days, Mako could only leave the house for school or violin practice. Even though she and Noella lived just one block apart, Noella had only been past her front door a few times. 
Mako was a near slave to her violin, with 12 hours of practice per week, and a quarterly performance to prove the time, and money, was well-spent. She played like an angel, but half the time hated it like the devil, and played like she was trying to prove it. Mako called her style, Violince. Of course, she never dared to play like that for her parents, or they would freak the frick out out.
Violince sounded like its name, violent strings, but there was a desperate, elegant beauty to Makos playing that made Noella want to happy cry.
So hows it going on your almost birthday, Mako asked. 
Josies sick, and Randy was a jerk this morning.
Is your aunt too sick to celebrate tomorrow?
Noella shook her head. I dunno, she was under the covers when I left. She never stays home, so Im guessing shes feeling super crappy.
Mako nodded. Ah, thats why youre riding the bus. And here I thought you just wanted my company.
Yup, that and I wanted to see if there were new developments in peer humiliation since the last time I took advantage of the districts transportation.
Mako laughed. So are you doing anything tomorrow? Have any plans, other than taking care of your aunt?
Probably gonna stare at the wall for a few hours, Noella said with a grin. You know how I am on my birthday. And besides, tomorrow is 10 years since  Noella trailed off, not wanting, or needing, to finish the sentence. Mako knew Noella as well as anyone could.
What about Sam? Mako asked. Maybe the two of you could do something together? Maybe you can finally ask him out. You dont have to wait for the boy to ask, ya know? 
Shut. Up, Noella said, shooting daggers at Mako. I dont like him like that.
Mako laughed.
Noella wished her heart didnt beat faster every time she was around Sam. She hated crushing on her best friend. It made for way too many awkward moments. But the longer she knew him, the more she felt for him. In a world of jerks, jocks, and creepers, Sam was like no other guy she knew.
First, he was cute, with a light complexion and a thick mop of long brown hair that matched his eyes. He wasnt exactly a hottie, but he had the cutest dimples, kindest smile, and the best insides of anyone she knew. Sam was also artistic, with an eye for color that made Noella long to know the world through someone elses eyes. And to round out the package, he was also funny, hysterical really, with a wry, observational wit that made Noella sigh. 
The most unbelievable thing about Sam, however, was that despite being a nice guy, and incredibly smart and talented, he was also semi-popular. Guys as authentic as Sam werent generally popular, at least not in her school. Usually, being popular involved some kind of brain transplant with chimps. And not even the smart chimps, but rather the ones that spent their days flinging poop. 
Noella was sure Sam wouldve been one of the schools crowned elite if not for the completely ridiculous whispers that he might be gay. While his questionable sexuality didnt hurt him in drama club, where he really shined, there was a strong undercurrent of homophobia and racism among the most popular guys. If they ever found reason to believe Sam was gay, hed be an outcast just like Noella in a matter of hours.
Thinking of Sam made her smile a big, goofy grin. And a big, goofy grin was as out of place on Noella as it would be on Eeyore. 
Mako caught the grin, and laughed, Yeah, you dont like him at all.
No! Noella said, lying to Mako and herself.
Not liking Sam would be infinitely easier in the long run. Shed feel less awkward. Shed feel less vulnerable. And it would remove the constant question in the back of her head: When will Sam leave me?
She would never voice the fear out loud, but a small part of her was certain that Sam would eventually grow even more popular and turn his back on her just like Becca had done. And it was this part of her, the fear, that made her sorta glad people thought he was gay. After all, if he climbed too high up the social ladder, hed  no longer have time for her. She felt awful thinking like that, but couldnt help her genuine feelings.
The bus pulled to the curb, and Noella and Mako climbed up the stairs. As they searched for seats, hisses and whispers snaked throughout the bus.
Lesbos.
Who let her out of the psych ward?
Shes nuttier than an Almond Joy. 
Oh, look, Scarella crawled out of her coffin.
As she and Mako found a seat toward the front of the bus, pretending not to hear the venim, Noella realized she was wrong. She would much rather go to school feeling like a vagrant, with frizzy hair and a layer of filth, even being driven by Randy. 
Almost anything was better than the girls on the bus. 

**

Noella opened her locker and pulled her Biology AP book from inside, then dropped it into her black battered book bag, which she swung over her shoulder. She slammed her locker shut, pretending she was doing so on one of the bus bitchs heads. 
Sam appeared from behind, You seem mad.
Noella looked back, surprised to see him. Not mad, she said, just sadly angry.
Ah, didnt notice the distinction, Sam said with a smile.
His charm won over her desire to stay in a bad mood. 
Noella laughed. Besides, I dont do mad. Im a happy, smiley girl. All sunshine and rainbows.
Sam looked at the patches adorning her backpack, skulls, broken hearts with razor blades, monsters, and other cool designs shed gathered over the years, and arched an eyebrow and laughed.
God, I love his smile.
Sam said, Do you have birthday plans for tomorrow?
Noella shook her head, Not that I know of. Why? 
Wanna go somewhere? My treat, and I promise not to make you look at any of my drawings, either. We could do a movie and dinner. Ill even let you drag me to that godawful chick flick that just came out.
I love your drawings, Noella said. Thats your own insecurities. But a movie sounds awesome, and because its my birthday, that means you have to pick! She tingled at the thought of even a half-date with Sam. He probably didnt like her in the same way that she liked him, not with Becca and the rest of the gaggle fawning over him all the time. 
But what if he does? 
There probably wasnt a better day on the calendar than her birthday to find out. If she made a fool of herself, she could at least blame it on the sappiness of her birthday or something.
Cool, he said. Do you want to leave right from school? I already asked if I can borrow the car.
Oh wow! He even planned in advance!
Her heart started to flutter, and she tried to keep it from pasting a stupid smile on her face.
Ill let you know. Gotta check with my aunt, make sure she didnt plan dinner or anything. If so, well have to just do the movie.
Ah, gotcha, Sam smiled, Okay, text me and let me know tonight. Ive gotta get to class. See ya, he said and gave her a hug. 
He smells yummy.
She melted in his hold, then quickly recovered, hoping nobody saw the stupid smile she couldnt keep from her face as she turned and practically skipped to biology class. 

**

Mr. Mahr was a vibrant teacher who paced the class and used all of his body when he talked. He made biology fun for Noella; well, as fun as any class could be. 
Yet as much as she liked science and appreciated Mr. Mahr, she was also tired. Noella only lasted a few minutes in class before her eyelids grew heavy. With no space between one moment and the next, she felt herself fall, then jolted awake, shocked to find she was no longer in Mr. Mahrs class.
The room was the same, but different, as if shed woken in some future dark and  decayed version of her classroom. Desks were strewn in gargantuan splinters. Dust motes floated on long slants of sunlight streaming through holes in the windows, which had been blacked out with dark brown paint, or . . . blood. And the walls and roofs were missing huge chunks, replaced by shadows and debris.
Noella gasped, then cried out. 
Oh, God, not again.
She hadnt had a hallucination in more than a year, ever since Dr. Foster put her on the new pills. And she hadnt had one in school since the incident two years ago.
No, no, no.
She turned, trying to find her way back to reality, trying to remember what Dr. Foster had instructed her to do when she had another episode.
Sit down and close your eyes. Focus on something positive. Relax.
She couldnt sit down, as the chairs were all destroyed. So she stood and closed her eyes, trying to ignore the crumbling world pressing in around her. 
The thing about hallucinations, or at least the ones she had, was that they werent like the movies where someone would realize they were hallucinating and then boom, theyd stop, and reality would show itself again.
It was much harder than that for Noella. She likened it to trying to wake up, but being under a powerful sedative. Or perhaps, a more accurate description would be like trying to force yourself to fall asleep. The harder you tried, the harder it was.
Finding her way back to the real world required intense concentration, while shutting out her growing fear. 
She listened for something that would tether her to the real world, the sound of a classmate, or Mr. Mahr, or even the sound of the schools air conditioning, anything she could mentally grab to pull herself back.
But the world around her was quiet, save for the creaking of the dilapidated structure sounding like it might collapse on her at any minute.
She strained to listen above the groans of the building. And thats when she heard the faint sound of whispers. She tried to tune in the whispering, turn it up in her head, and follow it back to reality. She struggled to make out words, or identify the voice. She needed to get a handle on who it was or what they were saying, or shed be unable to follow it back to reality.
The whispers grew louder, indecipherable, but made up of many voices, all seeming to speak in another language.
She focused until they coalesced into one voice.
Ive found you, the sinister voice whispered.
Noellas eyes shot open and she saw that she was no longer alone.
Crawling through the wreckage of the classroom, surfacing from the shadows of the rubble, and into the beams of sunshine, were two of the creatures. 
The creatures that had haunted her dreams and waking nightmares for years, were back after a years absence. 
The nude, emaciated monsters looked like something out of old photos shed seen of concentration camp corpses, sunken features, bones pushing sharp through pale skin. Like ghosts of humans, but these things werent human, at least fully formed humans. For one, they had no genitals. And instead of eyes, their eyelids had been sewn shut with dark cord. And then there were their claws, long jagged crags of fingernails curling like commas at their fingertips.
The worst thing about these things, though, was their mouths. The skin had been peeled away, exposing bone and sharp, rotting teeth that looked ready to tear into flesh. 
The two monsters shuffled through the room, inching their way toward Noella, raising their noses as if trying to pick up her scent. They sniffed like dogs, in quick bursts, as they drew closer, arms fumbling blindly in the darkness searching for her.
Noella whimpered loudly and stumbled back, her foot getting tangled in debris. She slipped and fell back, landing hard on her ass.
A razored talon wrapped around Noellas arm, and its bony finger dug into her flesh. The thing whispered, dozens of voices impossibly coming from its mouth, none of them making sense.
Nooooo! she screamed, breaking free and crawling back on all fours as they rushed at her. Though the rational part of her brain told her that none of this was real, the rest of her body was convinced that if these things killed her in her dream, shed die in the real world. 
Must get away.
The monster closest to her, swung its clawed hand at her face, coming within inches of slicing her. She screamed and pushed herself back and something hard slammed into her back.
She  turned and looked up, suddenly blinded by light as the decrepit room around her vanished and was replaced by her classroom and classmates.
She was on the floor, her back up against Evan Harrisons chair, with every eye in the classroom glued to her.
Oh God, she said, swallowing her ridicule as laughter erupted.
Mr. Mahr rushed to her side and helped her up. 
Are you okay?
Becca and Vicky, who sat in the row behind her, were staring at her as if shed stripped nude and ran through the classroom starting fires.
Noella wanted to melt into the floor. Hide in the closet, climb in the sewer, anything. She hadnt lost herself like that since the incident. She looked around in a panic, making sure she hadnt hurt anyone.
Everything seemed normal, except for herself, of course.
Im fine, she said, and then, feeling the scrutiny of the entire class, she decided that she had to get out of there. Now.
I need to see the nurse, Noella said. She grabbed her bag and left the classroom before Mr. Mahr had a chance to write a permission slip.
Noella bypassed the nurses office, and instead went to the girls room closest to her classroom, then into the farthest stall, and sat on the toilet and collapsed into tears.
Shed thought these pills were working. She shouldve known something was wrong a few weeks ago when the nightmares started coming back. She tried to tell herself that they were just regular nightmares like everyone else had. It wasnt like they were bleeding into her real life like they had done for so much of her childhood. Nor had she heard any of the voices that usually came with them. Other than the nightmares, things had been okay.
Until now.
Why did the pills stop working? 
Dr. Foster spent months experimenting with different pills until they found one that both worked, and didnt leave her feeling like a zombie. The pills had been a godsend, allowing her to live a somewhat normal life for the first time in years. But now, for some reason, they just stopped working.
Shed have to go back to Dr. Foster. More tests, more scans, and more medication. 
Another six months of being a guinea pig, hoping theyd find a way to make her feel normal again. She shouldve known better. 
Normal died 10 years ago.

**


Somewhere on the way from the bathroom and to the nurses office, Noella had a change of heart. 
She decided that so long as Mr. Mahr didnt tell anyone, neither would she. And maybe she could avoid telling Josie and Randy, also. Because the last thing she wanted in her senior year, was to become a walking zombie again.
So shed just keep todays episode to herself, and hope she didnt have another incident that would get her locked up.

**

Though she might be able to keep the biology class freakout from her family, the school was another story.
As she went from class to class, whispers grew louder and the pointing more obvious. People gave her a wide berth in the hallway, and she could practically hear them thinking, Oh no, Noellas gonna blow.

Gym was mercifully quiet, and as Noella was changing from her gym shorts to her jeans, she began to think that maybe people would just drop the matter. Then the unique cruelty of locker room laughter slapped her in the face.
The echoing giggles came from a clustered circle at the end of her row of lockers, half the girls in the class gathered, staring at something Noella couldnt see. The other half were looking up, staring at her as she approached the circle, some pointing and all of them laughing. 
It was Vicky in the middle  Beccas new B.F.F., a bleach blonde cheerleader who was as vicious as she was beautiful  passing her cell phone from girl to girl. Noella knew what was on the video, even before she heard herself screaming. Funny, she hadnt even noticed Vicky recording her when she had her little episode during Biology.
That bitch!
Noella had no idea how long the video was, but one of the girls, Jenny, had it in her hands and was scrubbing the player back and forth and filling the locker room with Noellas screaming on repeat. 
Mako was rounding the opposite row of lockers, coming from the restroom. Vicky turned toward her, took the phone back from Jenny, then held it up for Mako to see. 
Look, Mako, your best friend is on YouTube! Vicky held the phone up and pressed play. 
The Noella in the video screamed. 
You delete that! Mako shouted, stepping into the huddle until she was just inches from Vickys face.
Or what? Vicky said, taking a step forward. She was easily six inches taller than Mako, and athletic while Mako was petite. The number of girls swelled around them at the prospect of a fight. 
Noella ran to Mako. Forget about it, she said, pulling Mako from the crowd. This bitch isnt worth it. 
Noella turned and walked back to her locker, holding Makos hand behind her. They made it halfway there when Vicky said, I bet theyre gonna sneak back to the showers together. Boys dont want them, but at least they have each other! She love her long time! 
 Vicky laughed hysterically. The chorus of sheeple echoed her mania, and the cork finally popped from years of Noellas bottled rage.
Noellas fists curled into balls, her lip twitched, and she could feel the rage stirring deep in her gut. An inhuman growl fled her lips as she turned toward Vicky, then ran at her screaming, knocking her cell phone to the floor, and punching her hard in the face.
Beccas not here to save you this time, Vicky screamed, rubbing the splotch of crimson on her left cheek for a second before shoving Noella back and into the lockers. As Noella fell back, Vicky jumped her.
They fell to the ground, swinging, scratching, and kicking as the girls around them shouted, FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT!!!
The crowd receded, giving the girls room to roll around on the floor,  as an evil trinity of Vickys girls held Makos arms and kept her from jumping in or stopping the fight.
But no one was holding Coach Carla, who rushed at the girls and pulled them off one another and split them apart. Coach Carla tossed them each toward opposite lockers, and yelled at the other girls to get to class.
Vicky had a nasty bruise on her left cheek, and a good scratch right next to it. The back of Noellas head throbbed where Vicky had landed two punches, but other than some hair pulling, Vicky hadnt hurt her too bad. If there was a winner of this fight, it was Noella by a landslide.
Though, whatever pride she felt at getting a few good hits in faded when she saw Coach Carlas eyes.
Coach Carla gave Noella a sympathetic look, and Noella wasnt sure which stung worse  the look of pity, or the look of disappointment which followed. Coach Carla sent them both to the deans office. 

**

Noella was silent as Dean Dinnen read her the riot act, and simply nodded when he asked if Coach Carlas story was true. Per school policy, Noella was sent back out to the office to wait for her parent or guardian. 
Vickys mom appeared just before sixth period, petting the back of her daughters head and showering her with baby talk, while shooting Noella the evil eye as if to say, How dare you hit my precious baby? 
Noella had to wait until 45 minutes after the final bell for Josie and Randy to show. 
Josies eyes were bloodshot and leaking, though it probably had a lot more to do with her near-constant sneezing and rattling cough than the call from the dean. If anything, Josie seemed sad and slightly hollow, silently sorry for the life of misery Noella was forced to endure. But there was also a look of relief when the dean told her about the fight. Noella wasnt sure why, but the dean failed to mention what started the fight  an almost repeat of the incident, which mustve been a huge relief to Josie. 
If Josie had compassion in her eyes, Randy had whatever the opposite was. She had gotten in trouble and wasted his time, and despite his morning advice, he would damn well make Noella pay. 

* * * *

TO BE CONTINUED

ForNevermore
THE NEXT SERIAL THRILLER FROM SEAN PLATT & DAVID WRIGHT

Or click below for more information:
http://collectiveinkwell.com/fornevermore

* * * *
