LAB RAT 2020: Mind = Machine

by Keith Berry
Copyright Keith Berry 2012
Published at Smashwords
 
CHAPTER ONE
Feeling cold and hungry, Victoria Crawford sat with Human Simulation Unit 2, peering through the glass windows of the observation room, watching a surgery just entering its eighth hour.
The surgical lab was located deep in the lower levels of the Chicago corporate offices of Network Environment Technologies  NET , a large company known to the public as a premium provider of management consulting services.  The existence of this surgical center and the fact that NET secretly housed a private research and development group was unknown to most people, including the shareholders of the publicly traded giant.
Microscopic roving cameras, broadcasting detailed images from deep within their patient, guided the efforts of three doctors quietly performing the now-familiar implant procedure; the high-tech lab, packed with sensors and monitors, was nearly silent.  Blond haired, blue eyed Toby Crawford  their seven-year-old patient, a genius with a photographic memory  suffered from agnosia, caused by arrested development of the right parietal lobe. He had no short-term memory, a condition they were laboring to reverse.
The relative silence of the past two hours was broken by an abrupt question from one of the doctors, startling Victoria, who was numb from the long hours; she was not certain who was speaking:
Do you think he can see the boot sequence?   
Well, I can see the optic nerves are active, and the oculomotor nerves seem to be following the messages.  Hes only under twilight anesthetics at this point.  I suspect he will notice OS messages for some time, then eventually just ignore them as background noise.  He does have the ability to suppress messages if he chooses, but the OS is fairly silent after booting.
Tobys eyes were still closed, but his right eye mechanically followed the console messages flickering in the periphery of his vision:
BMesh Network OS v10.2 boot   Success
v10xCPUx10
Memory check    997,000,000,000,000,000...  Success
Power level  10000 A, LOW  estimate 2 weeks remaining
BMesh 10.2 online
Searching for connections
Negotiating with NETMESH v2...


Victoria stood and stretched, trying to distract herself  from the knowledge that she was one of a select few who knew the truth about Toby  that he had been born here at Network Environmental Technologies, that this incredible little boys life was the result of a long, highly engineered, research project.  Then, mere hours after his birth, the years spent engineering his existence turned personal for Toby, as he was subjected to a regiment of accelerated training programs. Every day, endless hours of his young life had been spent with strangers, honing and studying his dual gifts of advanced reasoning and apparently perfect memory.  While he was capable of solving extreme logic problems in several disciplines, his lack of a fully functioning short-term memory meant he was always disoriented and incapable of developing normal relationships even with those who had spent years raising him.  
You should get something to eat, said HS2, or perhaps I should buy you a drink?
HS2, a human simulation made to physically resemble a handsome thirty-year-old man, raised his perfectly manicured eyebrows, playfully waiting for her reaction.  Victoria looked back at him, faking astonishment.  
You are such a flirt! said Victoria.  But youre right, I should eat  Im off to do just that.  
HS2 was the crown jewel of NETs secret Human Simulation  HS  project, and Victoria found his amazing insight, made possible mostly due to the vast array of network sensors he monitored at any given time, a bit unnerving. 
Can you detect the bio organism? Victoria asked.
Oh yes!  Theres definitely a new node connected to the mesh network, and its host is that young man.  I can see the organism is charging electrical power. The memory and CPU diagnostics were successful and the radio appears to be functioning.
Victoria shivered, a chill passing through her body.  Despite being afraid of raising her expectations only to be disappointed, temporary light shone on the dark, relentless doubt that Toby could ever lead a normal life.  Theres no turning back now, she thought, turning to leave the observation room.
HS2, please stay here and keep an eye on Toby, Victoria said.
Yes dear, HS2 said with a wink.
William Cunningham was assisting with the surgery.  The fifty-five year old director of artificial intelligence projects had worked his way through the bureaucracy at NET for over twenty-five years.  He was still trim, in shape from regular workouts, with just a dusting of grey hair beginning at his temples.  William was recognized for his brilliant contributions and had been placed in charge of some of the best technology research projects.  His pet project was Human Simulation research, where he was also the primary designer and developer of the systems.
Lead surgeon and long-time friend of Williams, Dr. Benjamin Pickerington said, William, you should head back to Rons office now, hell be there soon and can give you a better review of this procedure and set your expectations again on Tobys recovery and abilities in the next few days.
Thank you Ben, Ill let you know how were doing, William said.
Exhausted, William left the lab in a daze, dropped his scrubs and gloves in a recycling bin and crossed the bright hallway to Dr. Ronald Smiths outer office.  How had placing a biomemory device in Tobys brain sounded so simple before?
Rons assistant, Jenny, wasnt at her desk. The only light in the reception area came from an end table, and the office appeared deserted.  He collapsed onto the sofa, reflecting on recent events.  
Victoria, the incredible daughter of his deceased boss, Jacob Crawford, had lived abroad for several years and just recently returned after her fathers death.  Victoria had a seven year old son, Toby, from a previous marriage.  Having just retuned, the two of them were living in a hotel and needed a better place to stay. William lived alone in a large apartment with plenty of room, and he welcomed the chance to spend time with Victoria again. She had graciously accepted his offer for the two of them to stay with him, but only until she could find a place of their own.
Toby was impressive, with a photographic memory to complement his obviously high IQ.  He was only seven, but already spent hours each day with math tutors from the university, giving Victoria plenty of free time.  Toby had spent one evening reading a computer fuzzy logic textbook from Williams study and could clearly quote chapter and verse apparently from anyplace in the text.  Amazingly, he also seemed to understand the concepts of fuzzy logic, discussing the differences between human cognition and machine inference engines and the challenges of genetic logic gates with William and his colleagues one night after dinner. 
Toby also had a massive disability.  He possessed highly advanced reasoning skills but could, at best, be described as a bumbling child genius.  He was forgetful and frequently lacked the common sense even toddlers exhibited in family situations.  He appeared to lack complete control over his short-term memory.  Victoria had years worth of examples: Toby had occasionally forgotten his name and the names of those closest to him his entire life; he would get lost in familiar places, stumbling around in a daze in their moderately sized apartment or forget eating a meal just an hour earlier.  It went on and on  
Victorias interest in implanting a bio memory in Tobys brain intrigued William.  In a person so young, perhaps the brain could effectively adapt and utilize the additional memory, and perhaps even the additional computational power built into the organism.  The post-surgery risks to Toby were no greater than those he would encounter skinning his knee on the sidewalk, thanks to vast improvements in surgical procedures.  
Victoria was familiar with the newest version of this technology, where multiple on-board organic CPUs were combined with the biomemory and a microwave frequency radio to produce a functioning system on one chip that could be networked with all modern protocols.  It was her father who had invented the method of growing, or cloning, an electronic version of the chip into an organism, making it suitable for implanting in living tissue. The feat had drawn massive attention within NET, where small miracles seemed to sprout with great frequency.  The new organisms were referred to as NETBioMesh; Williams company, forever in the marketing game, added their acronym to the name to prepare for commercialization.
The CPU and networking portion of this module had no application outside of the lab, but Victoria had been adamant about putting only the best technology into Tobys brain.  Victorias deceased father had left her a fortune after selling his consulting firm; money was not an issue.  Although she had asked for Williams opinion on the surgery, the decision was of course hers.   If Toby made no use of the chip, it would shut down from lack of power, dissolve, and be gone within a month, just another failed science experiment.  Being a scientist, William knew it typically took thousands of such experiments to make a breakthrough.  Perhaps Toby would provide another successful link in this particular line of science.
Hello William, said Jenny, returning to the office.  Go on back, Victoria arrived some time ago.
Thank you, said William, snapping out of his daydream.  He crossed the room quickly, knocked, and opened the door.

CHAPTER TWO
William, come in. Weve been waiting for you, said Ron.  Doctor Ronald Smith, chief of the NET medical research department, was in his late fifties, trim and fit, still with a full head of dark hair.  William and Ron were in different branches of the private research group. Ron was an executive and until recently, the two were only casual acquaintances.
Thats the problem with having a trophy girlfriend, said William. Men are always trying to sneak time alone with her.
Oh William stop!  The procedure was a success!  Victoria beamed rising to greet him.  Victoria was wearing a light summer dress, her silhouette apparent, her strawberry blond hair glowing in the late afternoon sunlight coming in through the windows, the only light in the room.  She seemed tired but happy.  They hugged, and then sat down in matching leather chairs across the desk from Ron.  
Indeed, the implant seems to be a success, said Ron pointing to a series of numbers projected on the wall beside his desk.  As you can see, the bio organism is online and reporting that the memory, CPUs and the radio all survived.  The battery power level is in the low range, as expected; its charging and sharing electrical pulses from Tobys brain.  
William was tired and more than slightly suspicious of Dr. Smiths intentions with Victoria.  The procedure and performance of the organism were completely as expected, and he couldnt force himself to focus on the data displayed.  
Using the networked RF organism gives us the flexibility to monitor the device anytime it is connected to the internal mesh net, said Ron.
Monitor the device via our internal mesh net? asked Victoria. 
Yes, its actually old technology now, said Ron.  The real trick, my main goal at least, is converting the software and hardware devices that make this happen into organically grown organisms with identical functionality. 
This is incredible, said Victoria.  Tell me Ron, can you clone the accelerometer networked devices William is designing? Do you think they could work with this memory weve implanted in Toby?
William feeling his blood pressure rising caught and stopped himself from nervously tapping his foot on the rug. Ron was such a bag of wind.
Ron, I must apologize for Victoria, shes so taken with technology. Lets discuss Tobys well being and how we can help his recovery, said William.
Oh William, of course youre right! said Victoria.  Doctor Smith, Im so sorry for getting us off track.
Dont mention it, Victoria, we can chat about science anytime, Ron replied with a wink, which didnt go unnoticed by William.  
I can tell you, said Ron, that Tobys brain has already recognized its newfound artificial memory neurons, which is encouraging at this early stage.  Weve never actually witnessed a successful brain biomem negotiation before today.
Thats a good thing. Victoria replied.
That is an exceptionally good thing, William answered.  
William caught and held Victorias eyes for a moment, desperately trying to convey his impatience. She seemed to understand, or simply realized for herself that Ron wasnt imparting much knowledge.
Ron, said Victoria, its been a long day and we should wrap this up. How can we help Toby in the next few days?
Toby is starting to wake up, you should go join him, said Ron, the best thing you can do is just be there for him.  If this works, his social development will advance rapidly, and hell need you more than ever.   
Of course, said Victoria.
Ron said, We could ask the mesh network to transmit all IO back to our host for a short while if youd like, which could let us know if hes attempting to use the new memory.
You can monitor his brain activity remotely? asked Victoria.  Im really not sure I like that, and I didnt realize it would be possible.
Its possible, said Ron.  We really cannot interpret the data, only confirm that activity is occurring.  I assure you, we cannot invade Tobys privacy, and we certainly cannot control him. Victoria looked back at Ron doubtfully.
Look, were happy when a patient doesnt reject the organism. Dont worry about this for now. The two of you should go sit with Toby, hes starting to talk.
Thank you, Ron said William standing.
Victoria and Ron left the office arm-in-arm, looking hopefully into each others eyes.  
They crossed the hall and entered the surgical lab, facing HS2 for moment through the observation glass. He raised both hands gave them two thumbs up, then nodded and winked at Victoria.
Toby was awake and seemed to be studying the equipment over his head; Ben had left, allowing HS2 and the array of equipment to monitor his well being.  Victoria sat on the edge of the bed, William standing by her side.  Toby looked back and forth at both of their faces several times, finally stopping to focus on Victoria.
What is your name? Toby asked.

CHAPTER THREE
Toby spent the next two weeks at Williams apartment, which, unknown to William, was the longest time he had ever spent away from the labs of NET.  He acclimated quickly to his new short-term memory, experiencing for the first time in his life a regular, predictable feel to each day, and with the simple ability to recognize people and the circumstances of his surroundings, he began building relationships and depending on others.  His brain quickly recognized and seamlessly integrated with the bio memory, which handled the task of information storage for which it was designed, with no conscious effort on Tobys part.  Used to a rigorous daily schedule of mental challenges, Toby quickly became bored.
William is always at work, complained Toby, weve been here for days and only left one time.
Well, he loves his work and you cant stay there with him all the time, said Victoria.
His lab is a fascinating place, he took us there Saturday, and I want to go back now.
Im sorry Toby, we cant go there now. We cant go there very often at all, only people who work for NET are allowed to be there all the time.
Im going to Williams study, at least some of him is there, Toby shouted.  Besides, I do work for NET.
Victoria watched Toby trudge off toward the study, restraining herself from disciplining him, another new part of his life.

Toby entered Williams study, slamming the door loudly.  He wanted Victoria to know he was mad.
Williams study was comfortable, with the feel of a private library.  The room had no windows. Three walls were lined floor-to-ceiling with mahogany bookshelves, and the remaining wall, facing the entrance, was black with the milky-way galaxy brilliantly painted in the upper-right quadrant, with stars stretching to either adjacent wall.  The galaxy and every individual star glowed when the room was dimly lit, producing a mesmerizing effect that remained apparent even in bright light.  The books were divided by wall into history, classics, leisure, and finally a large collection of Williams favorite academic and research texts.  Two comfortable leather recliners with matching end-tables and lamps, and a leather sofa rounded out the furniture.  
Various periodicals and Williams old notes filled the shelves and drawers in the end tables.  A deep tan carpet contributed to the relaxing atmosphere.  William used the room to read or occasionally write, the old fashioned way with pencil and paper, when he needed a break from his high-tech world.
Toby had left his CitComm on the end table near the sofa. 
CitComm, short for Citizens Communicator, was the standard network connection device for the general public.  At only 4 by 3 inches in size, the unit was physically compact  and could have been smaller, but was determined to be the optimum screen size for most users.  The governments of most countries subsidized private industry to distribute and maintain the units for everyone at minimal cost.  
Being connected to the Network was a funded government service.  There was a catch; everyone was expected to supply two pieces of information per month related to their part of the world.  
The global sensor network reported a massive amount of data seemingly about every aspect of life on earth. Citizen input was considered an invaluable cross-check on the accuracy of the data and the reliability of the hardware.  This input was also a type of real-time ongoing census.  The previous generation had considered such things an invasion of privacy, a big-brother-is-watching scheme.  The data provided by each citizen could be as simple as their current location at any given time or the total of their bill at the coffee shop.  The ease of use of the device and its vast usefulness in daily life overshadowed worries about how the data would be used.  The data was timely and had proven to make life more convenient.  Simply knowing which checkout lines were moving the quickest in a store justified giving permission to the device to time the transaction automatically.  Most people easily provided a couple dozen bits of information about their lives per month, the system was capable of tracing most transactions and locations automatically, and getting permission from the owner was simply legality.  NET had provided many of the lower level hardware and software constructs for the device, including integration with the mesh networks.
Toby jumped onto the sofa and sank in, savoring the way it conformed to his body and swallowed him, making him feel warm.  Surrounded by books offering untold treasures lent to the warm atmosphere of the study, which had become Tobys sanctuary. He had gladly spent hours pouring through the contents of each quadrant of the room.  The few weeks before the surgery and the two weeks since, hed had access to classic literature, current world events and new technology findings, replacing his relentless daily studies at NET which were limited exclusively to mathematics and logic.
He picked up the CitComm and solved the calculus problem William had left for him, completing the work by signing his name in cursive with his index finger then printing the word SEND.  An old but amusing trick that had always entertained him, Toby found it odd that things like this could at times be remembered instinctively.  He couldnt remember anything before the surgery about Victoria, or William for that matter, but he did have a suspicion that he was involved heavily with NET.  Perhaps it was just wishful thinking.  Before he could put the CitComm down a HS units face appeared on the display.
Good morning Toby, 007 here.
Hello 007.  It seems you have a new name, said Toby.
Yes indeed.  Your observation is commendable; you didnt notice things like that before.  Your solution to this problem is brilliant and you solved it in 15 seconds.  Might I suggest another?
No thank you 007.  What is William working on today? said Toby.
He is working on sensor inputs and logic programs today and he has one meeting scheduled in the afternoon.  He left the following message for you:
Hello Toby.  I plan to complete the upgrades to 007s fuzzy logic inference and situational response engines today.  Someone from the bioorganic group is dropping by later to discuss expanding 007s energy interfaces to allow an organism similar to yours to be installed. Sounds pretty cool to me.  See you later.
Thank you 007.  Goodbye.
Carpe diem! Goodbye Toby, 007 said with a flair.
Toby wondered if William had programmed that into 007 just for him.  Seize the day, because life is short and time is fleeting, or some such thing.  Surely the HS wasnt reading Latin poetry in his spare time.
Toby spotted a pile of unfamiliar papers on an end table.

Source code for embedded web server v21.20
Remote Mesh Network chip OSNETMESH v3 - SOAC
Memory/RF/v10xCPUx10
Beyond RF for Mesh Networking Whitepaper - by William Cunningham
Toby thought, these are new, William left these for me.  He purposely leaves these texts for me then asks about them later.  Victoria pretends she doesnt know William wants me to work with him, but its so obvious.  He wants me to think of this frequently, try to keep it in my short-term memory.  They dont understand thats not important, I can copy pictures from long ago into my new memory now; William just isnt with me enough to know.
Toby began reading the program listings and saw a flicker in the corner of his eye:
C1N1 Connection Lost
Nice, the net connection is always down in here.


CHAPTER FOUR
With Toby in the study, Victoria sat down in Williams well-appointed kitchen, worrying about the tangled web this had become. Memories, broken fragments of a meeting two months earlier, flashed through her mind like a recurring bad dream she couldnt shake off.  Williams boss Alfred Harland, research director at NET, had asked her to stop by shortly after she returned from Jakarta
Your father was killed by a bomb, and Im responsible, Alfred said.
Alfred, you and I both know thats ridiculous, he was on a business trip and ended up in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
But its true  How could he have done this?  Monster! 
Alfred was sixty-seven years old, stood six foot five and weighed in the neighborhood of three-hundred pounds.  He was a workaholic.  Alfred had started losing his blond hair at age 37, and by 47 it was a memory.  He added fifteen pounds to his large frame each decade after turning 40.  His obesity and years of drinking gave him a ruddy appearance, the intensity of which his staff used as a barometer of his mood.  In his prime, Alfred had been charming and respected by his colleagues for his leadership, a rock upon which Network Environmental Technologies had been built.  Now his disposition, like his health, soured with each passing year, and those who had stayed with him since the early years found the stark contrast painful. 
Victoria, said Alfred, I know you were the one person in the world he trusted completely.  Being his daughter I know he wanted to protect you  Jacob confided in me that he shared some of our secrets with you
Alfred stretched back, his chair groaning in protest, then, he relaxed, slumping forward as his whole body settled and appeared to sink into a depression.  A designer suit and the best grooming money could buy couldnt hide the fact that he had aged poorly in the years shed been gone.  
She had heard rumors of his decline in the past year, and based on his age she expected him to appear frail, but instead the appraising words interrupting her thoughts that day had been obese and heart attack.
He did trust me as business manager of his consulting firm, Victoria said.
He trusted you with all significant negotiations, including the most important of all, the sale of Crawford Management Consultants to NET.  If Jacob were alive, I think you may have broken his heart.  Youve inherited his fortune and youre a wealthy woman, with great talents and time on your hands
My reasons for leaving, said Victoria trying to control an involuntary shutter, were personal I have the utmost faith in NET, or we would not have proceeded with the sale.  Even today, I have no reservations about you or the firm, I hope you hold none against me.
Of course not, think not a thing of it.  Your father felt a need to protect his daughter.
He didnt tell me everything about NET?
Our aspirations and yours appear to be aligned, my dear.  If he had confided everything I suspect you would have stayed with us, said Alfred chuckling.  Ultimately, his passion for science and the means to research and develop new technologies are why he joined us.  The technology and some of the clients may be considered controversial
Id like to hear more, Alfred.  
Id like you to help us get some projects back on track, Alfred said, have you ever felt the pang of motherhood?
Disgusted by what Alfred had become, she tore herself away from the memory in a cold sweat and called William.
Hello William, Im glad I caught you.
You caught me dear, but I need to escape soon.  Were testing a new audio sensor on the accelerometer suits which is destined for the HS units right now.
Toby is missing you. We both needed that change of scenery on Saturday, but now hes begging more than ever to spend time with you.  I think I just witnessed his first tantrum.
Ill try to get home early tonight, said William.  Let him play in the study, he seems to love that.
He does. It reminds him of you and I think he feels hes working with you in there.  He said he works for NET.
Thats nice, he does provoke some novel thinking at times, laughed William.
Im worried hell become overwhelmed with emotions hes never had to deal with. Actually, I dont know how he feels he can be so unpredictable.  Maybe he needs the challenges you pose to him to continue growing.
He seems to have adapted exceptionally well to the BioMesh so far, said William.  When we check the data it appears hes using much of the memory and exploring the CPUs and radio.
Do you think hes aware? asked Victoria.
Of the extra equipment?  Probably not.  He can really only use the memory. The other modules have power and we can see neural electrical probes into the CPUs and radio, but I dont see how he could use them. said William.
He is much less forgetful, more considerate and sensitive lately  when hes not agonizing over missing you, said Victoria.  Two weeks ago he couldnt even remember my name and he never would have remembered a trip to your lab from Saturday. The change is astounding.  Im just concerned because hes never had to deal with many emotions.
Its all part of healthy development. Hell have a few growing pains, but I suspect not significantly more than a normal child.  You know, he has an incredible ability to focus, which is an advantage over other kids his age.  Hell probably find something new to memorize and impress us with.  Dr. Smith thinks Toby has made remarkable progress.
Okay.  See you tonight.  Wait, William!  How well are the accelerometer suits working?
Theyre fine, possibly perfect  thats what were on this afternoon.  The HS units adapt to it well.  As a matter of fact, Im going to call unit two 007 from now on, like James Bond; hes dashing and he makes all the right moves.  Alfred gave me the idea, he was joking earlier that HS2 is working so well he would make a great spy.  Sounds more exciting than a workout dummy for the personal trainer field.  Plus now 007 is getting all the advanced stuff the early commercial versions wouldnt have for some time. 
How about a suit for Toby?  If that suit is supposed to track the vitals of people moving around doing exercise workouts, it would be great for monitoring Toby, and he might feel like hes helping you even when youre not home.
Its an interesting idea  I need to run now dear, lets talk about this later, bye.

CHAPTER FIVE
Within the walls of NET, there were many technical objectives for the ambitious artificial intelligence HS project, but also one aesthetic goal.  An HS unit required both an identifiable and a pleasing appearance, allowing it to blend in with society but remain easily distinguished from human beings.  
There were many proposed commercial applications even for the first version, HS1, from menial labor of all types to security.  In every conceivable situation, an acceptable human form would add to the units effectiveness.
Statically positioned robots and sensors of all types were in use globally, but none with the mobility and intelligence of an HS.  An HS units strength would be its ability to interact with and react to its environment, while performing work assignments and monitoring and networking with other HS units to aggregate and report information.  The communication systems of the world had evolved in this direction, and an HS would be accepted as a natural next step, albeit a giant one.
In line with other goals for the HS units, it was agreed that an HS needed to look, move and display mannerisms that were acceptable to a majority of people.  The robotics and sensory logic already existed to allow a robot to move seamlessly among people, and comments had been made that Williams HS intelligence applications made HS2 freakishly lifelike in social settings.  They were well on their way.
Both 007 and HS1 had the form of a man, and could easily wear most clothing designed for a six foot tall, one-hundred and eighty pound man  Shoes, socks, pants, shirts, suits  42 long  hats, even the old eye-glasses which technology had rendered useless, all appeared natural on an HS.
For durability and adhesion to the inner frame and robotics, the outer shell of the HS remained alloy-based, although many materials were tried.  The commercially available substance was flexible and could be tinted from its base to any color.  The real engineering of the skin started with an applied outer layer using several materials developed a generation earlier for the movie industry.  This layer had been restricted to the hands, forearms, face and neck of the HS, due largely to cost and the desire to keep the HS project private for the time being.
007 preferred to wear size ten tennis shoes, and nothing else, the shoes providing an agreeable degree of traction for walking.  In this state, the contrast between his sculpted face, human hands and forearms against the untreated off-white of his base shell was accentuated.  He was not anatomically correct, a fact he had pointed out on the occasions William told him to get dressed.
His face and eyes had been fashioned to resemble those of a young, inquisitive, and innocent American Caucasian man, approximately 27 years old, complete with eyelashes, eyebrows and a dimple.  007 blinked his eyelids at random intervals and could even shed a tear if the occasion warranted  which, of course, was simply a mechanical reaction to an electronic command.  William had even given him an artificial respiration, matched to his level of physical activity, which was obvious even to casual observers.
NET was satisfied that the facial features could be adjusted infinitely, but the price tag was steep.  Undoubtedly, regulations would dictate the ultimate appearance of commercial models, prohibiting them from completely blending in with society.  NET felt confident that the current version of 007, when clothed, was indiscernible from a human being, from a distance of twenty feet, for at least eighty percent of the population.
HS1 enjoyed none of the costly cosmetic enhancements.

CHAPTER SIX
Dr. Benjamin Pickeringtons first love was surgery, but he also held degrees in Bio Organic Electrical Engineering, Genetics, and Exercise Physiology, the last honorary.  Age fifty and still reluctantly single, Bens livelong passion for science burned deeply, his loneliness the price of a religious devotion to research.
Ben was working alone in a quiet corner of his lab when his CitComm lit up, displaying William Cunninghams face. 007 could be seen over his shoulder.
Ben, we have an appointment? said William.
Thats what Im told.
You wanted to talk about 007? said William.
Alfred wants me to, he wants to implant a v10x into an HS, said Ben.
Really? Well it would be nice to finish the current projects. 
Theres more
The display on their CitComms divided and Alfreds face appeared.
Alfred said, Glad to see you boys started without me, dont let me interrupt  William, I want you and Ben to assess 007s ability to support a v10x-based organism indefinitely.  Can we move a functioning organism from one host to another?  HS units in particular, but also between humans.  Can 007 integrate the v10x functionality into his systems, extend himself, or just sustain the organism?  I need a full report on the benefits and risks, and anything youd need to develop.  Dont worry about the costs.  Balance this with your current projects and Ill give you each a healthy bonus.
Their CitComms reverted to single images of one another again as Alfred disconnected.  
Looking at Ben, William raised his eyebrows, trying not to laugh.  Ben raised one eyebrow and said sarcastically, Well, at least he asked for something easy.
Did it occur to him that Toby is the only human with a v10x?
You know, Ben said with a deep sigh, its occurred to me that its amazing what gets done when a wealthy hard-ass throws money around.
God, I miss Jacob.
Alfred locked the door to the single occupancy executive washroom and sent a message to his intelligence contact in Asia.  We need to talk.  In less than two minutes he received a reply in text.
I am here.
I will have a second deliverable available to you, said Alfred.  I can deliver the electronic to bio organism cloning system for an additional sum, equal to the first.
That is a steep price, considering the procedure itself costs a small fortune each time it is attempted  my sources tell me two million US  and you are two months late with the first delivery.
The cost is largely because the procedure is new, and the resources are expensive because they are risky to obtain in the United States.  We have dealt with traffickers at much expense to perfect this process.  Your expenses to run this process should be minimal.
My friend, which one of us is the terrorist?  Dealing in people trafficking?  I will consider this offer.
What can you tell me about the bomb at the Jakarta Marriott hotel? Alfred asked.
I know nothing of it.
You know of everything in Asia and that was in your backyard, said Alfred.
Why are you asking?
I lost a lead technologist and close friend in that attack, said Alfred.
And now you understand why I no longer have close friends, or family.  I am sorry you lost Dr. Crawford, but I cannot help you with this.
You cannot?  You know of it, know it was Dr. Crawford, but you cannot help?  Perhaps you know a great deal about this issue, said Alfred.
Why would we want to kill your lead technologist?
And close friend.
If I did know the details of this operation, what would you do with the information?  It was far out of your control, on this you can trust.  I will consider your offer.

CHAPTER SEVEN
That evening for dinner, Victoria ordered one of Tobys favorite meals for all three of them  cheeseburgers, french fries and milkshakes.  They were sitting closely together at the kitchen island. Two overhead spotlights illuminated their feast; the rest of the apartment was dark.
Why did you leave the documents out for me? Toby asked, eyeing Victoria.
I know you want to help, said William. The best way you can help right now is to understand what weve put inside your brain.  I left you the tech guides and program source code for everything on the BioMesh organism we gave you.  You can learn how everything works.
Toby sat his cheeseburger down and took a long pull on the straw leading into his chocolate milkshake.
I think I already have.
What? said William, astonished.
I read everything, so I have access to the knowledge of what you put into me, although I have not explored it yet.  Phased/fading memory  probably enough to match natural brain capacity, mesh network radios with satellite functions and API, multiple power features, 10 CPUs, each unit capable of transmitting text and graphics directly into my field of vision or periphery.  I really only need the memory why did you give me the CPUs and the radio and network capabilities?  
Well the v10x is the most current version of the memory, and we just wanted to give you the best, said William, and youre correct in the basic inventory of the organism. Thats very good.
Yes, well, said Toby, I now have a computer memory, 10 computers, the ability to network and the ability to load new program source code directly into the CPU to be executed.
Toby noticed that both Victoria and William stopped eating and were looking at each other. There was always more going on than people would tell you.
Right, said William, Well Im not sure that will work, its a bit of an unintended side-effect, you see.
Side effect! said Toby, This is exactly what you put inside me and I know how to use it. I believe I can learn how to use the network directly, and even change my own abilities, the v10x capabilities, on my own.
William sat back in his chair, considering the obvious logical conclusion, which he had overlooked, but Toby had realized so quickly.
Toby, what else have you read in the study recently? said Victoria changing the subject.
Some of your notes Victoria, said Toby.  Free Entertainment, by Victoria Cunningham.  I can quote the entire text for you.
Toby no!  Please dont read my work.  That paper is really just notes and thats not the title I would publish.
No, no, its okay, said William, Id like to read your work but I never get to it.  Go ahead and tell us some, Toby.
Toby watched the other two and considered whether it was better to remain ignorant, or indifferent to, the emotions of others most of the time.  It was so much more effective to deal only with facts.  
Fortifying himself with another long pull from his chocolate milkshake, Toby recited from memory:
A company outsources its entire IT department for a major project designed to make the company more competitive.  Shockingly, gaps are left in the company for required IT positions, and people from other departments, without experience in building business software, are put in charge of what is left of IT.  Unpredictably, the new IT management flounders in their role, and the company fights with the outsourcer who cannot deliver the project to this adversarial customer.  The project is doomed from the beginning.  After five years of pain, failure and a cool 100 million or so in shared costs, the two companies divorce
Victoria was looking angry, William finally understood he overstepped.
Thank you Toby, thats enough.  Victoria, I think you could have a story there, said William.
Theyre just notes.
This goes on for 30 pages, said Toby.
Toby, said William, You should ask before reading any of our personal stuff, and youll learn more from the work I leave for you.
William!
What?  Oh, sorry!  Of course you can learn a lot from your mothers writing too, said William holding up his hands in surrender.  What did you learn from this paper?
Victoria can be sarcastic and didnt like consulting, which must have made her father sad, said Toby.

CHAPTER EIGHT
The next afternoon, at lunchtime, Toby sat staring out the dining room window of Williamss apartment in a trance, watching white fluffy clouds drift past office buildings in the distance while Victoria read a story to him in Italian; his peanut butter and jelly sandwich sat half eaten, his glass of milk full.
Toby, Ive been reading too long, finish your lunch and then you can go to the study and relax if youd like, said Victoria.
They watched the distant clouds together in silence while he finished his lunch.
Did William leave me anything new to read? Toby asked.
No, I dont think youll find anything new sweetie, but please try to use the network connection, explore a little.
Toby picked up his empty plate and milk glass, set them in the kitchen sink and trudged down the hall to the study, dragging his feet, and closed the study door quietly shut behind him.
In the corner of his vision he saw:
C1N2 Connected
NET HS projects lab, 12:43.53
Toby sank into the sofa, closed his eyes and switched the console message displayed in his peripheral vision to his full field of vision. Doing so was a bit strange, not exactly like issuing a command, which he knew from the manuals. It was basically just a notion, a thought.  What was it he had read?  The external interfaces on the on v10x processors were resourceful and adaptive to their clients.
So, its a different connection and it looks like Williams lab, Toby thought. Ill see if she lets me stay on for long.  Victoria thinks I can do something with the rest of this implant, William was just happy with me using the memory. Theres something going on here they want me to determine on my own.  If this is Williams lab, maybe I can find him  I have the mesh network connections guide.

NetMesh wizard jcwiznet detected on port 1, CPU 0
Requesting remote session control of v10xCPUx0 

What the heck!  That thing wants to take over my implant?

Remote session granted to jcwiznet on CPU 0, process 0

Great, it just grabbed the first CPU.  I guess Im just along for the ride. Hopefully this isnt all in text.

NET HS lab mesh network monitor
HS1 online
Sensors: time, unit temperature, air pressure, air temperature, altitude, accelerometers 1-26, audio, visual, host monitor connected

HS1 workout session 23 in process
70 kilo dumbbell left hand  

Great, Im witnessing a brain damaged robot reporting an exercise workout to a personal trainer. Its a breakthrough for mankind.

HS2 boot success
007 online
Awaiting host command
Host execute 007 surveillance program, quadrant 2
007 start
jcwiznet visual gateway initiated

HOLY CRAP!  THATS WILLIAM! Toby cried out.     
Toby could now plainly see Williams face close enough to touch, but he obviously wasnt in the room with him.  The visual gateway acted similarly to a heads-up display from his classes, and Toby seemed to have basic control over the brightness of the image floating a foot in front of him.  
William was wearing an almost invisible single eye display screen secured to his right cheekbone, which provided him a mirrored display of whatever he had configured his host station to display.  Toby could see the faint glow of a reverse image on the tiny display near Williams eye and he imagined it was some raw data from 007s sensors, maybe even some of the messages that 007 could see.  
Seeing Williams slightly wrinkled skin up so close warmed Toby, and he relaxed a bit, sinking further into the sofa.  Console text messages displaying commands and acknowledgements between 007, the mesh network monitor, and Williams host were streaming past in the background. Toby directed these to a log, recording the information so he could later reverse engineer the logic.
Toby watched William turn and walk across the lab in his carefree manner, wearing his typical work clothes: shorts, sandals, and today, a light black shirt.  The shirt had been designed by NET to control access to the facility and was outdated  perhaps it was part of todays test.
Good afternoon, 007, said William.
Good afternoon, Dr. Cunningham. You look smashing today. That black sweater is your color.
DAMN!  Oh! too loud, Victoria is going to shut this off!  He could hear them inside his head, like they were in the same room.  Toby was on his feet now, pacing around the study, his pulse racing.  He needed to relax and sit back down, moving around with his eyes open while watching the full display was disorienting.
This is actually a black shirt.  007, please tell me your instructions for the afternoon.
My instructions are to drink martinis slowly until dinner hour, then switch to Scotch. Hopefully attract a lady friend, but appear devilishly indifferent to all inquires, at least at first.
Impressive. Keep working on your lines.  007, now please repeat your surveillance program instructions for the afternoon.
If you insist  Patrol HS William Cunningham lab quadrant 2 from 13:00 - 13:15.  Record all sensor readings for the entire session.  Connect to host gateway, sharing audio and visual of any other activity in the quadrant for 2 minutes.  Return at 13:15 to sofa.  Upload session. 

007 surveillance program execute - 13:00 - 13:15
007 start 
Visual, Audio sensors pass through
Remaining sensors echo text
Accelerometer 1-26 report

Toby quickly sat down after feeling a wave of nausea. He watched the details of Williams lab cross in front of him as 007 looked around the room.  He was seeing through 007s eyes.  The strange yellow walls in the back with rows of shelves holding circuit boards from old projects were plainly in view, the same rows William let Toby explore on Saturday.  The full-color view appeared to be real-time, and matched the image in Tobys photographic memory, a fact which did not escape him.
Thank you 007, Ill be at the host. said William.
The view was moving toward the rear of the lab, between the rows of old equipment.  Now the strange ticking of the ancient analog clock that hung near the receiving dock security CitComm.  The clock read 13:02.  Turning the corner
Hello, 007.  A large aging man wearing a shiny black suit was sitting at the receiving desk display, looking intently into Tobys face.  Somehow Toby instinctively felt he was a man of authority, and he looked familiar.
Hello Alfred.  I didnt expect to see you in the lab today.  Youre both a powerful and handsome man!
007, thats called brown nosing and it was a feeble attempt at that, said Alfred chuckling.
Well theres no accounting for my designers taste.
Thats the spirit.  Carry on.

CPU 0, process 1 jcwiznet joined HS Meshnet Host Monitor as member
007 motor command 360 scan, continue

The view through 007s eyes changed into a slow right hand turn. Close to one of the yellow outside walls, Alfred could be seen sitting at the desk, head down, working with the control CitComm.  Continuing through the turn, the original view retuned. 007 continued down the aisle, turned right, and walked back toward William, intending to complete the loop again.
007, why did you turn around back there? asked William.
I was given the motor command sequence to perform.
I did not give you a motor command.
The command came from the host.
Great, said William, thats new.

007 surveillance program terminate
007 return to host

The view and audio stopped abruptly, giving Toby another wave of nausea.  Feeling sleepy, Toby stretched back into the sofa thinking how strange and exciting visiting the lab this way had been.  There was a recorded log of sensor readings and commands to review; there was much to be learned from that  

CHAPTER NINE
Victoria had witnessed the remote session from the display of her CitComm, sitting in Williams dining room. The session was terminated and the display went dark, then lit up again, this time displaying the face of her vividly alive father, Jacob Crawford, his intense expression, piercing blue eyes and short dark hair hiding his five plus decades of life. 
Where did he learn to curse like that? Victoria said.  
Curse, hell!  Victoria, Did you see that whole session? said Jacob.  
I think I did, it cut off after William asked 007 why he turned around.
Jacob said, Right, I pushed a command to 007 and William noticed the change.  I wanted to get another look at Alfred and see what he was doing, I didnt expect to see him in Williams lab. We have to be careful now.
007?  I guess William went ahead and changed his name. He mentioned that to me the other day on the phone.
Victoria turned the volume down on her CitComm hoping Toby would not overhear the conversation. Jacob could get so excited.
Right  If William only knew what Alfred has planned  I know him too well  he would scuttle the project.  William is a patriot through and through, he would never knowingly allow his work to be sold to terrorists.
Victoria was feeling increasing guilty over not sharing everything with William yet.
Why did you take the risk of controlling the HS? Victoria asked.
Toby has seen the process now, recorded it in that photographic memory of his, and now hell learn how to control 007 on his own.  
Victoria needed to explain her feelings more to him. Jacobs ultimate goal was to train Toby to control multiple HS units and develop the full potential of the technologies hed spent a lifetime building.  She just wanted Toby to lead a normal life now.
Jacob said, That session was better than I had hoped for. Toby should have been able to see and hear everything 007 was sensing, and many of his internal commands.  He consciously recorded the text output of the entire session in the v10x memory. Hes integrating the organism into his brain functions.  
Thats great, said Victoria, her spirits sinking.  Jacob was excited, and she was happy for him, proud of all his achievements, but scared for Toby.
Honestly, said Jacob, Im just surprised how well the memory is working, but all the functions on the implant organism seem to be working fine too.  If Alfred somehow gets wind of this, well have big problems.  We need to tightly control how this proceeds and tightly control how it ends.
Victoria broke in, We just cant let Alfred near Toby.  My goal in this has never been as ambitious as yours  I really only care about getting Toby free of NET so he can lead a normal life.
You know I understand, said Jacob, but look, its up to you to keep us on track right now. We need to keep Toby moving through sessions with me. Ill work a plan to build out his capabilities.  I think its important that he doesnt share too much of his experience with you or William for the time being.  Hell progress quicker if hes not dealing with emotions and relationship issues. I can keep him focused on the technical issues, and theres less chance Alfred will stumble on his progress. 
Thinking of Alfred, Victoria shivered.
Alfred really creeps me out, said Victoria. Do you how long hes been involved with these terrorists? Victoria asked.
I dont know, and it wasnt terrorists; he said he plans to sell to a foreign intelligence group, said Jacob.
A tremor in her voice, Victoria said, They supply information to terrorists and now Alfred is their supplier. Its the same.  And engineering Tobys birth for research, Toby is just a lab rat to Alfred!
Alfred is in over his head, said Jacob. Well stop their plan, but we must develop this technology, because someone else with deep pockets would get this done and Im sure it would end up in the wrong hands.  This needs to be done here and now by us. Well have the advantage as long as we hold the high ground in technology, history has made that clear.
But why us? said Victoria.  We could blow the whistle on NET now, get back to our normal lives. I could raise Toby without all this.
Victoria was looking away from the CitComm, hiding her face for a moment, trying to contain her emotions, pretending to listen for Toby.
We havent lived normal lives for months, said Jacob, and I may never lead a normal life again. You know there is no going back now, and as long as Toby and the HS project are still progressing we have Alfred where we can watch him.  
Im so worried Toby will always be a part of this. We turn in NET and hand over the technology, we hand over Toby, said Victoria.
I admit, that will be a challenge. Maybe you should just go with him. Did you ever want to be a spy?
Thats not funny, said Victoria.
Jacob said, We figured out how to grow bio organisms that duplicate electronics, maybe we can engineer the process in reverse, or just cover this up somehow.  Im afraid someone will want to remove the organism.
I wont let Toby be an experiment any longer, Victoria said with emotion, I feel like hes my son.  
Regardless of the outcome, said Jacob, Toby already has a better life than if we had done nothing  And Alfred, damn him, convinced me to sell my firm to them, then shared his real plans for my work.  The old bastard is already made of money. Ill see that he ends up in prison.  Which reminds me, how much is he paying you?
One million dollars US, a year, said Victoria, plus ten percent of some undisclosed amount later, obviously after he sells  to push William to finish the HS project and raise Toby, keeping him involved in Williams work, possibly including the bio organism project in the deal  if thats possible without you.
Just dont spend the money, said Jacob.
He hasnt paid.
Good, said Jacob smiling, you dont need any more money.
Alfred doesnt know how close William and I once were, said Victoria.  Poor William, hell need a get out of jail free card too before this is over, and I be lucky if he ever speaks to me again.
Victoria, dont count on any get out of jail free cards yet. Faking my death and going into hiding wont be cleared up easily, even with my friends.  Dont take me wrong, I dont like being dead and Id like to get my people back and start a new consulting firm, I just dont trust anyone when were dealing with technology this hot.
They paused, both letting the statement sink in.
Jacob broke the silence, Keep pushing for the accelerometer suit.  Toby will learn much faster with his own suit.  Another thing  I think its time Toby and I met, and I want to use the CitComm the first time.  I want to tell him who I am, gain his trust.
OK, but dont you think hell try to tell William?
He may, and thats a risk, but we need William to know soon. Well all move faster together.  I cant have Toby meandering around NETs mesh network or the global network.  The main reason to keep this secret from William is to prevent anyone else at NET from discovering.  Well fix that, then tell William.
Youre going to tell Toby who you are? said Victoria.  Are you going to tell him he can trust me?
Im going to tell Toby as much as I can. As much as I think he can handle.   

CHAPTER TEN
Later that evening, an hour after putting Toby to bed, Victoria and William were sitting in Williams bedroom sipping wine, the lights down low.  As difficult as it would be explaining all this to William, Victoria was thinking about how good it would feel to finally share everything with him soon.  There was a remote chance that would be the end of them, but something told her it would only make them stronger.
Thank you for letting Toby and I stay with you, said Victoria. A hotel room is no place to raise a child. It was making Toby unbearable.
My pleasure.  Toby doesnt ask many questions about me.  Where I came from, why you spend so much time with me, said William.
I think Toby is just happy to have a father figure around.  His developmental problems have prevented him from getting close to anyone. Before the surgery Im not sure he even knew who I was day to day.
I cannot imagine, said William, what life must have been like for him.
Before, he was always happy when his mind was challenged with some technical problem, and if his entire surroundings changed one day he probably wouldnt have noticed.  The new memory is really giving him a new lease on life.
Victoria laid her head on William shoulder, relaxed and closed her eyes.
Hes learning very quickly, said William.
Toby?
Yes, said William, I was shocked the other night when he described the capabilities of the organism and how he could use it.
Hes an amazing little boy, said Victoria.  I think he enjoys the challenge. Hes been amazing me for a long time.
Victoria winced, regretting her comment and regretting her role in this. Hed only known Toby for a little over two months; she needed to stay away from this subject for now.
Alfred is dangling a bonus in front of Ben and I to install an organism like Tobys into 007 and get the two to work together, said William.
Really!  Victoria said sitting up in surprise.  Why would he want to do that?
I suppose its a logical step if you consider that it would be easier to test that way.  The organism is self-sustaining as long as it has power. Its an incredible thing your father and his team pulled off. 
Do you think you can do it? Victoria asked.
I think with Bens help and some time we can certainly get it installed and keep it alive.  Bens been saying something about genetics and fuel cells for the power, but getting 007 to use the full capacity of the organism will be a challenge.
Victoria settled back down, snaking her arm around him.
Ben and I had a good laugh about the way Alfred charges around like a bull from one thing to the next, said William.
Victoria was shaking her head, Hes certainly multi-faceted. He treated Dad and I so differently.  She really didnt want to think about Alfred now.
Something more fun? said William, reaching for a bag near the bed and pulling out two black shiny full-body one-piece suits, one smaller than the other.
Accelerometer suits?  Victoria said.  Cant you come up with a more creative name?
That can be your job. I just make them work.
William pulled out a handheld host display screen and said, Other than shrinking to microscopic size, the fundamental accelerometer technology were using has not changed for decades. It basically senses acceleration relative to freefall, reporting the direction and force of motion.  
We have applied mesh networking to link dozens of these sensors together to simultaneously track and identify the movements of a person wearing the suit.  Each individual sensor joins the network, identifies itself  like, Im the right elbow  and reports motion.  A host takes input from all sensors in parallel and distills it down to useful data.
Okay.  Victoria sounded out the word slowly as if trying it for the first time.
The workout suit is an example.  A person, or HS unit, wears either some tape or a bracelet containing the sensors on their ankles, wrists, chest, back etc., or a suit containing many sensors throughout.  The exterior sensors on the HS units are painted on the shell everywhere, including their fingers, toes, even eyelids. They have dozens of them.
Victoria was playing with the large suit, stretching the arms apart.
Okay.
Here, go put this jumpsuit on and Ill show you, said William. Just pull it on over your cloths.
Thats no fun. Ill be right back.  Victoria slipped around the corner into the master bathroom and slipped off her night shirt.
William turned on his host and watched a low-resolution simulation of the limp suit being pulled on one leg at a time, taking the form of Victorias body. She pulled the suit on over her shoulders and turning the corner, walking back toward the bed, zipping the suit to her waist. It stretched to fit her perfectly.
All the way dear, science first, William said, zipping the suit closed.  
Victoria followed Williams gaze to the host display and saw a lifelike representation of herself. The suit was closing around her chest, the form an identical match for her body.
Wow, thats cool!  What about my face? I look like HS1.
Thats the last face that was attached to this suit and the host remembered it since your face isnt covered with sensors.  Your hands and feet are a little fuzzy on the display since theyre not covered either.
Move around some. Well see a simulation of your movements, pulse, body temperature and cellular respiration if you wear the suit long enough, thanks to Ben.
Weight?
Well no, but I could send your exact body measurements out for a tailor-made cat woman suit.  I dont think it could fit any better.
Victoria moved around the room, watching the display in Williamss hand. Her vital signs displayed in the lower right-hand corner, the simulation mirroring her every move.
William said, You seem fine, but its been a stressful time for you, with your fathers death, a charming new man in your life, and brain surgery for your son. Are you holding it all inside?
Victoria did five squats, ignoring the question, raising her arms over her head each time.  Her pulse reading increased ten points on the display.
Youre out of shape. William held the display for her to see.
Really?

CHAPTER ELEVEN
Toby tried on his new accelerometer jump suit with a gleam in his eyes.  It was early Saturday morning and William had already left for the lab.
Victoria had presented Toby with the suit and instructions from William to contact 007 on the CitComm.  This is part of Williamss project, and now he was part of the project too.  Toby fantasized about spending time with William every day, working on his HS projects.
He ran down the hall to the study and closed the door.  Victoria saw him flash past the kitchen, his feet pounding the hardwood floor.  She had never seen Toby run, or the genuine glow of excitement that had been apparent in his eyes when she gave him the suit.  Simple childhood acts that most kids did a dozen times each day.  
Alfred had engineered Tobys birth, and now, for completely different reasons, they had engineered his life.  Alfred had done despicable things. What had happened to him?  She refused to believe he would do these things just for money  as a founder and long-time partner of NET, he had had an obscene income for years.  In the past he had always been generous with his staff and friends, throwing large parties and passing out expensive gifts.  What was it he used to say enough never is.  He had lived a lavish lifestyle most of his life, it was a habit. Perhaps that lifestyle, combined with the challenges of aging, possibly even senility, had jaded him.  Somehow, he just wasnt the same giving, caring man.
It didnt matter.  They were all in this mess now.  They had been on this path for many months and taken huge risks.  The years living abroad consulting for her father had estranged her from friends here at home, which, for now, was a good thing.  She had been back just a few days, living a life of seclusion, trying to avoid contact with old friends or anyone who knew her father, except William. She had always adored him; holding back the truth from him was painful. There would be a day of reckoning soon and she would make him understand.
She hoped they were doing the right thing, trying to finish the HS project, save Toby and expose NET.  She had the utmost faith and devotion for her father, but failure seemed certain.  The HS project was a long-shot. AI projects had lacked real substance for years.  It would be a miracle if they all didnt end up in prison, or someplace much worse.  Terrorists!  Damn Alfred!  She was seething, and the long months had made her bitter.  Victoria vowed to never let Alfred near Toby again. Perhaps the accelerometer suit could serve double-duty and help with that.  All that really mattered to her now was her family.  
Her father was near and guiding them, but she felt so alone, and longed to confide in William.  At least Toby was starting to behave like a normal seven year old.   

Fragments of Alfreds comments from their meeting two months earlier slipped into her thoughts again:
we can influence the color of a newborns skin, and to a large degree we believe we can determine that newborns IQ and disposition
weve advanced the bioenergy harvesting technologies of yesterday from plants to humans...
Victoria sat down, crossed her arms on the cool kitchen island, and laid her head down.
Much of the energy harvesting and electronic circuitry can be directly ported to bio organisms.  The ability to power and utilize these organisms directly within the human brain is a reality.  Once powered, these organisms are completed self-contained
with advances in the understanding of neural molecular processes, gene and protein sequencing maps, we have integrated higher brain functions with manmade logic gates
Your father dreamed of these things
Victoria cried.  


CHAPTER TWELVE
Toby jumped onto the sofa in Williams study his new black suit, stretching. It felt like flannel pajamas, only better; a soft stretchy full-body fit.  As the sofa absorbed his body, he fumbled with the CitComm, and it immediately lit with 007s face.
Hello Toby!   
Hello 007!
Toby studied 007s face. His skin looked so real and he was so incredibly lifelike  and intelligent  it would be fun to spend more time with him.
William is busy and is sorry he could not see you this morning.  I see you are wearing the suit he left for you. He will be pleased.
Its great!  Victoria told me its the kind of suit you first wore, before they painted the sensors all over your body.
Yes that is correct, other than the size its exactly the same suit.  William thinks you can learn to read the outputs from the suit, and more about how I work.  The accelerometers simplify the robotics control system by a factor of 56.725, enabling focus on more cerebral tasks.
I will try to learn all I can from this, said Toby.
There is no try, only do, said 007.  You will learn all you can from this, master Toby, and with that attitude it will be. 007 waved his hand and gave a charming smile.
Toby stopped in wonder. How did they program this HS to be so effective in any given situation?  He intended to uncover that secret.
Be sure to tell William I said thank you.  Ill get to work on this right now.  Goodbye, 007.
I shall give William your message.  You have a private message waiting which I cannot read.  Good bye Toby.
007s young face was replaced with that of a middle-aged man with short dark hair and mesmerizing blue eyes.
Hello Toby. My name is Jacob.
Hello Jacob.
You dont know me Toby, but I know Victoria and William, and many of the people at NET.
Toby crossed his legs and relaxed into the sofa, smiling, content to be back to work. Although his recollections were vague, he was accustomed to meeting and working with new people from NET.
You work at NET?
I used to.  Toby, I am Victorias father. My name is Jacob Crawford.
Toby furrowed his eyebrows, recalling the glances between Victoria and William when he described how he could use the organism. There was always more going on with the adults than they would tell him.  I just have to learn whats going on for myself, he thought.
They told me you left and you couldnt come back. Are you coming back now? Toby asked.
I plan to come back to stay soon, said Jacob, but for now Im here to help you learn more about how to use your implant.  I can show you how to work with William.
Lets talk to him now, I know how to help.
We can talk to him soon, but there are some things I need to tell you first.  You and I need to protect William.  Something is going on at NET that can hurt William and your mother.
You and I can protect them?  How?  What do they need protection from?
NET is planning to sell 007 to someone who will use him to do bad things, things that will hurt people, said Jacob.
Toby wondered if this man could be trusted.  Information about him must exist in NETs databases.
William and mother? asked Toby.
Jacob shook his head and looked down. When he looked back to Toby again his expression had clearly turned sad. Possibly, and others  many others.  William built and understands most of 007s systems, so they will want to take William and force him to help them with 007.  William will not want to do this, but they will make him.
I need to talk to mother about this, said Toby.
Jacob smiled at him and paused. Toby was beginning to feel this man could be trusted.
Jacob said, Yes you do, and Im proud of you for thinking that, and for telling me. Youre a good boy, Toby.  I want you to tell your mother about me and everything I tell you.  We can tell William too, but we have to make sure he cannot be hurt first.
Mother already know you have come back to help, Toby said.
Yes.
I believe you, Toby said, We can help William now, and I can talk to her later. She knows many things she wont say to me.
She tries to protect you, Toby.
Yes, I see, Toby said slowly, then quickly asked, Are you jcwiz?
Jacobss eyes lit up and he laughed,  I am jcwiznet.  You left off the last three letters to test me.  I led you through the remote session when you connected to Williams lab.
Thats an old login you used to get into NET. If theres something bad going on at NET and you want to stop it, why do they still let you on their networks?
They may not know Im using this login, said Jacob. They probably think its Williams account.  William does many complicated things to test 007, and using this account from the outside could appear normal.  Or, they may not have noticed yet.
Toby stretched the cuff of his new suit sleeve, Then we have to hurry. NET could catch you, catch us on their network.  Why do you need me?  You are not telling me everything.
Toby lets do some things to protect William first, then we can talk to your mother about the rest, said Jacob.
We can protect William now.  I know youre supposed to be dead.  I cant remember where, but I have seen your face on the mesh network with one word: Deceased.  Victoria never told me this.
She was protecting you.
Why do you need me to protect William? asked Toby.
Because you have the ability to connect to the mesh network and join the HS group.  You can be like one of them, see what they see. You can be their host, seeing more of what is going on around NET.  You can help us stop them from selling 007 to bad people, and let William complete his projects.  Jacob said.
Toby rolled off the sofa and walked away from the CitComm.  Minutes passed, and Jacob waited in silence, staring at a blank screen.  Toby absently drew imaginary lines between the planets on the Milky Way Galaxy wall with his index finger.
Then I am in danger too, Toby said returning to the CitComm.  I suspect sometimes it is difficult to distinguish between good people and bad people.  I have learned that I have past history at NET, although I cannot remember it. The information is in their research databases.
Im asking your mother to join us. said Jacob.
Victoria walked apprehensively into the study and gently sat beside Toby on the sofa, giving him a smile, holding his hand.  Toby looked into her eyes flatly, holding her gaze.
I have started to discuss NET and our concerns, said Jacob.  Im sure you have many questions, Toby. Let me give you some background.
NET has several businesses, but holds the science research group as its prize possession.  The Human Simulation project holds great promise for the world. Unfortunately, NET wants to sell it to a foreign intelligence agency.
Toby looked to Victoria, who nodded in agreement.
Ben Pickerington and I built a system to grow electronic logic gates into self-sustained bio organisms, converting electronic system-on-a-chip technologies, like your v10x, into living logic organisms.
And I, said Toby, am a research project too.  My birth was engineered.  I have natural parents whom Ill probably never know.  They and I were subjected to drugs and procedures in an attempt to boost my IQ to genius levels and give me a photographic memory.  Unfortunately, part of my brain never developed and you, apparently all of you, have improved this with my implant.
Toby noticed Victorias surprise, then the sadness in her eyes, confirming the truth.  
Why hadnt she told him these things?
The implant seems to be a great success, said Jacob.  Im glad you agree your life is better with it.  And Victoria taking care of you may have saved your life by removing you from the NET labs.
Victoria felt queasy. She was shocked that Toby knew these things and had held back so much from her. Of course she had done the same, and he probably didnt understand.  He was so young and hadnt been given the chance for a normal life.
Toby, how do you know these things? asked Victoria.
The mesh network in Williams lab, said Toby, pointing to Jacob on the CitComm.  You took me there.  NET has many sensors and databases, all on their network.  The mesh network has paths into everything. Their system only challenges connections to join the network.  If you can join the network, even the sensor mesh, then everything in NET can be accessed.  Security cameras, caf equipment, consulting practice documents, research projects, accounts payable everything.
They stopped talking for a moment, Victoria and Jacob absorbing the fact that young Toby was roaming freely throughout NETs systems.
Well, said Jacob, letting out a long sigh, thats worse than I thought.  It makes William vulnerable too.  Everything in his lab can be monitored, as a natural feature of their systems, which sounds like something Alfred would take advantage of these days.
Now they will let me work with them, thought Toby.  I can prove myself.
Alfred is a bad man, said Toby.  The sensor mesh network in Williams lab can be isolated from the rest of the mesh.  Better still, a facade connection, to make it look like his lab is up and running, can be put in place.
They were all silent for a moment; so many questions.  Toby, looking despondent, decided to share another fact. 
All of the others have died. Im the only experiment to survive past 12 months.
Oh, Toby! Victoria cried.  You shouldnt have kept all this inside.  
Neither of us should have, said Toby.
Victoria hugged Toby, and he relaxed, letting her squeeze him.
Toby, you are some 7 year old, said Jacob.  Victoria, Toby and I have some work to do.  Please stay with us.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Toby and Victoria leaned back on the sofa in the study together and smiled at one another.  Toby felt this would all somehow turn out okay, despite the inherent danger.  He looked deeply into Victorias eyes, asking himself if it was safe to trust her, feeling a connection building between them and conscious of the fact that these feelings, pretty much any feelings, were new, a rare, unexplored phenomenon for him.
Are you able to see the readings from your suit? asked Jacob.
Yes, said Toby, my v10x OS is the same version as 007s.  It seems to automatically negotiate a connection with all NetMesh v2 devices in the area.  I can see my vital signs and I have an option to see a graphic of my body position relative to nearby sensors.
What sensor is the closest to you?
My CitComm.
Thats correct.  Youre the first person whos been able to do this, said Jacob.
All the rest have died, Toby said flatly.  And you can see the readings from my suit too.
Yes, well, said Jacob, Victoria and I intend to keep you alive for a long time, and the suit should help with that.  Lets get started, shall we?

C1N2 Connected
NET HS projects lab, 09:15.03
HS1 online
007 online
NetMesh wizard detected on port 1, CPU 0
Requesting remote session control of v10xCPUx0 
Granted to jcwiznet on CPU 0 process 0
Youre a hack, Jacob, Toby said with a giggle.
The term is hacker, and its ancient slang.  I am not a hacker, I am a research scientist, said Jacob with wide disarming grin.  You have 8 CPUs idle. Ill just use the one. What you are doing with CPU 1, Toby? he asked.
Barely believing what she was seeing, Victoria leaned over for a closer look at Tobys CitComm, which was displaying text messages reflecting the network connections they were making.
Im scanning all sensors in Williamss lab, trying to see if anything looks odd.
Let me know what you find, said Jacob. Can you locate the HS units?
007 is in the front room of Williams lab, said Toby. HS lab security camera one has him looking in a mirror, apparently combing his hair.

HS1 workout session 62 in process
170 kilo press  
007 once told me that HS2 is brain damaged, said Toby.  I know 007 tries to be funny, but it didnt occur to him that Im brain damaged too.  His sensitivity needs work.
007 knows you are not brain damaged, said Jacob.  He wont make a mistake like that, most of the odd comments he makes are his attempt at being funny or gauging reactions from us. Hes programmed to learn from his environment, but we didnt want him running around like a three year old asking why all the time.  He has an extremely sophisticated inference engine and in some ways it makes him seem highly intelligent. I think he could have a lot of fun with your average psychologist.
Yes, Ive seen some of that logic, said Toby.
Do you know the commands to connect to 007 the way I did last time?
I know the commands, Toby laughed, I bundled them into a macro and they auto-execute every 5 seconds when I am not connected to 007.
Excellent.  Stay connected to him whenever you can.  I want to let William know you have the ability to connect into his lab and work with 007.  Lets delight the old boy, chuckled Jacob.
Id like to try talking to William through 007, said Toby a twinkle in his eye.  I can say something hed recognize coming from me and not 007.  I like to watch him think.
You like to play tricks, said Jacob.  

William was sitting at his desk in his lab at NET, lost in thought. 007 was in a chair at an adjacent desk watching him, furrowing his eyebrows, mimicking Williams expression.
William, I have a message that seems to come from one jcwiznet, an internal account via a remote net connection.
007 repeated the message out loud:
Free Entertainment, by Victoria Cunningham.
A company outsources its entire IT department for a major project designed to make the company more competitive.  Shockingly, gaps are left in the company for IT positions
007, is jcwiznet still connected?
Oh, yes, jcwiznet has been connected for approximately 9,678 hours, 403.25 days.  Why do you ask?
William laughed out loud.  Youre a wise-ass!  jcwiznet was an account used by Jacob Crawford.
The backbone servers have not been rebooted and there have been no power outages for 18 months.  There are many old processes on the network.  Would you like me to terminate jcwiznet now?
William laughed out loud again, tears coming to his eyes, his voice trembling. No, do not terminate. Its just funny in a sick way. Dr. Jacob Crawford was killed, terminated, over a year ago.  Someone is using that account.
Look at your CitComm, commanded 007.
William rapidly shuffled loose papers on the desk snatching up the CitComm.  Toby was peering back at him, grinning and obviously proud of himself. 
Mother didnt like consulting and her father was sad about that, said Toby matter-of-factly.
Mother?
William picked up his CitComm, Toby, did you pass a message through 007 to me?
Yes I did! said Toby.
It seems youre learning quickly, William said hesitantly.
William, we re-directed the corporate-wide mesh network to a recording of your sensors from yesterday at precisely this time.
What!  Why?
We thought it would be safer to have a chat with you without others listening.
Safer?  Toby? Who is we?
Ive learned a great deal through the jcwiznet account. There are some things we need to talk about soon.  When will you be home?
Youve learned how to connect to my mesh network and you think we need to talk keep this private from others at NET?
Yes.  I think you should come home soon.  Im going to re-connect your lab to the rest of NET now  someone has noticed.  Talk to you soon.
Williams CitComm went blank.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Alfred Harland and Ben Pickerington were sitting on the sofa in Alfreds office, sipping espresso from glass coffee cups.  Although betraying nothing, Ben had begun to loath the man who was in a perpetual bad mood.
Ben, Im going to get to the point.  Ron Smith is chief of the medical group, but youre the brains.  Ron is wise, but as you know his game is politics and marketing spin, said Alfred.
My game is R&D, and surgery.
Yes, and you do it well, said Alfred. You took Jacob Crawfords cloning design and made it a reality.
The design was solid, it just needed time and money to be proven and developed. But thank you! Ben said sincerely, tipping his cup in Alfreds direction.
The project needed someone who could understand it, and I thank you, Ben.  This is extraordinary work, a once-in-a-lifetime achievement, from extraordinary men.  NET, and the world, stand to reap substantial gain for years to come.  I wish Jacob was here to see it.
Ben noticed Alfred was trembling, his eyes glassy. Where was this going?
Now its up to Ron to package it and present it to industry, said Ben.
Yes, in due time.  This is the biggest thing weve ever undertaken.  Ron hasnt taken it to the attorneys yet.
No?  Then it will be some time  another year?
I know you have several other areas of research in mind, Ben, said Alfred, but Id like you to focus on implanting a v10x in an HS.  007 is another huge win for us. William will be famous, just like you.  We stand the best chance for integration between hardware and a bio org with 007.  Getting a human to accept the organism and use a significant portion of its capacity is a long-term proposition. Ive come to accept that human assimilation of this technology in a short time frame, maybe even in my lifetime, was just wishful thinking.
It is an interesting challenge, said Ben, the electrical power 007 provides is almost adequate to support the organism.  I think a way to amplify the power needs to either be added to 007 or become part of the organism.  I suggest we just add it as hardware now so we can test, then possibly figure out a cloning technique later.  It will be quite different. Im thinking a micro fuel cell is what we need.
It sounds like youre well on your way, said Alfred, patting him on the arm.
Ill get a micro cell working with a power interface for 007, but getting another v10x cloned is another issue, said Ben.
Well, one thing at a time. When you and William think the power issues are ironed out on paper, well see about cloning another v10x organism, said Alfred.
At least I have plenty of work, thought Ben. I guess hes not laying me off.
William tells me that Toby is doing much better. Sounds like the implant is working, said Ben.
Yes, Ive heard the great news! said Alfred. No more frustrated temper tantrums, and he has a functioning short term memory now.
Its great; our first real success with an organism, said Ben uncomfortably, clearing his throat.  I never felt right about the childrens surgeries.
The ones we used were all destined to perish in their orphanages. Alfred patted Ben on the shoulder.  Dont be hard on yourself.
Yes I know.  I should be on my way, then.  Well let you know when we have something.
Alfred called Ron Smith.  Hello Ron, quick message.
Shoot.
Hold off a little longer on submitting our proposal for the HS and clone technologies to legal.  Ben and William are still stirring the pot.  I think well have some favorable revisions, said Alfred.
Not a problem. I think Im booked for the next year already.  Ill sit on it until I hear back from you, said Ron.
Later, Alfred was sipping his fourth espresso of the afternoon in his office, and monitoring an anomaly that occurred earlier on the mesh sensor network in Williams lab, when a message came through on his CitComm.
I have considered the offer for your second deliverable.  I accept the terms, provided you can demonstrate the clone process to my team and provide the resources for one additional clone.
Great, thought Alfred.  That carries enough risk and cost that I might break even

CHAPTER FIFTEEN
William parked one block away from his apartment, pulled his jacket on and started walking.  His CitComm had indicated three people in the apartment when he slowly drove past minutes earlier.  He was certain something was wrong.  He had been worried Victoria was suppressing the stress of her fathers death, heading for a breakdown.
He had left 007, thirty minutes earlier, with instructions to passively guard the lab, recording all physical and system based access.  007 typically spent nights reviewing research, movie databases, and global news events, when he didnt have more specific assignments.   
William arrived at his building and took the elevator to the tenth floor, checking the CitComm connection to ensure it had joined with his home sensor network again as he approached his door.  Three people in the apartment, all in the study.  When the study was built, he had shielding added to the walls, which hopefully protected his electronic privacy.  His own network connections should be the only way to scan the room.  William noticed the router name in the study had been changed.
Still in the hall, William contacted Victoria from his CitComm, Im home.  
Ill be right out. Were entertaining company in the study.
William waited outside a moment longer, watching Victoria walk down the hall from the study through the kitchen.  He shut off the CitComm and opened the apartment door.
Hello William, Victoria skipped the remaining steps between them, throwing her arms around him.  Im so glad youre home. 
William hugged her tightly, then held her back, searching her face. Her eyes were slightly bloodshot and swollen, as if shed been crying, although she could only be described as glowing. He relaxed a bit; apparently nothing major was wrong.
Dont tell me youre pregnant.
Dont be silly!  We have a guest youll be happy to see.
I hate surprises.  Who is it?
You can wait 20 seconds, she replied, dragging him by the hand through the kitchen.  Take your jacket off. 
The study door was open and William could hear muffled laughter as they approached, then Toby saying slowly with emphasis - JACOB, YOU ARE A HACK!
Had he ever heard Toby laugh?  Williams pulse quickened and he broke out into a cold sweat as they turned the corner and entered the study.  Toby was giggling and there, standing behind him, in the flesh and chortling with delight, was Jacob Crawford.
William felt his knees go weak, his vision going dark.  Victoria, anticipating a strong reaction, grabbed both of his shoulders, steadying and leading him to the sofa.
William, old boy, sorry for the fright. Im not a ghost, Jacob said.  Toby and I were just getting to know one another.  Victoria and I have some explaining to do.  Dear, bring him some water.
Toby, Im afraid its bed time.  We need to let these two catch up, said Victoria.  
Toby hugged William. Im glad you came home, but I am tired.  Good night, William.  Good night Jacob.  Will you both be here in the morning?
Well see each other again soon, young man, said Jacob patting him on the back.
Victoria, expecting Toby to fight going to bed, took his hand and quickly swung him toward the hall.  The two left the room as if walking on air.  Toby allowed himself to be lead, rubbing both eyes with his free hand.
Jacob Crawford was wearing blue jeans and a light blue sweater. His eyes were the same intense blue William remembered, but his hair was crew-cut short and dark.  Jacob had always been a sharp, expensive dresser; William could not remember ever seeing him casually dressed.  His hair had been blond.  He had lost weight.
Jacob stood, sensed Williams appraising gaze, held his arms out and said, Ive changed a few things. Jeans; short, dyed hair.  I dont want to be too recognizable, and Victoria sold all my best cloths. 
William, confused, his throat feeling thick, willed himself to speak, We buried you
Yes, it was a moving experience; I dont recommend faking your death and watching your friends wrench themselves through the aftermath.  I can tell you with utmost certainty, there is good reason for all this and there was no other way.  I am truly sorry
Jacob stopped speaking.  William stood, not 3 feet away from his friend, whose death he had agonized over for months.  As his everyday life had once been, he trusted Jacob explicitly.  There had to be a reason for this.  He had to set the pain of the past aside. 
William stepped across the space between them, still wondering if this was real, and hugged Jacob.  Its good to see you, my friend, said William. This better be good, or Ill kill you myself, and who would know!
Jacob pushed William back by both shoulders to arms length. Victoria and Toby would know. Victoria knew all along.  We learned something about NET, about Alfred, that must be stopped even if I can never come back.  Alfred had to think I was dead. Its the best plan we could think of under the circumstances, but I shouldnt have waited this long to tell you.
William relaxed his shoulders, slumping, and said, Everyone thinks you are dead.
Alfred planned my murder, and he thinks he succeeded, said Jacob.  He set up the bombing in Jakarta, and Victoria and I are among a small number who know that Alfred is responsible for the bombing of that hotel lobby.  The authorities never solved the crime. Its still considered an unsolved terrorist attack, although no groups have claimed responsibility.  
So apparently, only the four of us know you werent killed in that attack? William asked.
Apparently.
William turned away, shaking his head and wiping his eyes.  He asked, Alfred planned to kill you?
After Victoria and I sold Crawford Consulting to NET, said Jacob, Alfred started sharing NETs master business strategy with me, which I thought hed already done when he sold me on the deal.  He sold me on the consulting and research businesses, but Alfred, in particular, is knee deep in illegal practices in the research division.  I think Alfreds only value left in life is money, and he felt with our inventions he hit the mother lode.
Why would he plan to kill you? William asked in disbelief.
I threatened to turn him in. I intended to follow through and I think he understood that.
I think you need to slow down and give me all the details.  Ill fix us a drink, William said, leaving the study.
How about the bottle of Scotch thats been in your cupboard for the past year?  We may need more than one drink, Jacob said.
William found the bottle in the top cupboard above his stove and returned with the bottle and glasses. Scotch neat.  What made you so sure I didnt drink this?
It was still here the last time I was, said Jacob, and youre far too sentimental to kiss a gift from a dead friend goodbye so quickly.  Cheers! 
They poured the first of several drinks, taking each other and the alcohol in, not speaking for nearly five minutes, William struggling to empty his mind of jagged-edged memories of the weeks following Jacobs death. 
You should buy better alcohol for your friends, said William.
Possibly, said Jacob, you should see what I bought Alfred, and he didnt turn out to be such a good friend.
Jacob, were working on the same projects as when you sold us to NET.
Another several moments passed, along with most of the first drink.
Lets start from the beginning, said Jacob.  You know everything about the sale, it was full disclosure; I shared all news with the staff equally.  It was a lucrative deal.  Victoria, as the surviving partner, inherited all the proceeds, and more than a few headaches to sort out.
William sat on the sofa and leaned back, wondering if this was a bad dream.  Jacob perched on the edge of a recliner, hands on his knees, eyes glowing.
We didnt plan faking my death. It was quite the opposite, said Jacob. We just covered up the fact that I didnt die.  I should have been in that hotel lobby when the bomb went off. Thanks to Victoria, I wasnt.
There was obviously much confusion after the bombing. Victoria and I thought we could smell a rat from the beginning  there were some strange circumstances.  I just laid low, staying with Victoria for a while, and things got stranger.
Im all ears, said William, draining his Scotch, then standing to pour another.
Jacob nodded and continued, Alfred had insisted that I go to Jakarta and announce the sale in person to the staff, even though it was already finished and they knew.  It was a short, abruptly planned trip, set up under the pretense of appeasing the attorneys and ensuring all the Human Resource diligence was done.  We only had four people there including Victoria.
William took Jacobs glass and poured them each another round, returning Jacobs glass then retreating to the sofa.
Jacob took another drink and continued, Alfred made all the arrangements. He paid for the trip, including a chauffeured limo to the hotel.  
Jacob paused. Another long moment passed, William content to wait.
Jacob said, I entered the Marriott lobby, and to my surprise Victoria was there waiting for me.  She said that she had a meeting with some new attorney across town within the hour and she thought it would be easier with me there.  We immediately left the lobby through a side door.  She had said we could make it across town if we hurried.  I hadnt even set my bag down.  We just turned and walked out.  We got into her car, drove around the corner, and then the bomb went off.
You were always a lucky lad, but that is unbelievable luck, said William.
Jacob drained his glass quickly and rose to pour them both another.
Well, its true, said Jacob.  Victoria drove up a street and turned around, coming back on the lobby side of the hotel.  The blast had come from the lobby where we had both just been. There was smoke, glass and bricks everywhere.  We were badly shaken.  We parked and watched the mayhem. There were people lying in the street, knocked down from the force of the blast.  Later we realized we had watched the limo drive away like nothing had happened.
We didnt speak, just sat, for an hour maybe.  Then Victoria realized we had missed the meeting.  She called and told whoever picked up that she was caught in traffic in town and would need to reschedule for the next day.  She was put through to the attorney she was to meet with, I never heard the guys name  Anyways, he said he had heard of the bombing and asked if she knew anyone staying there.  She said no, rescheduled the meeting for the next day, and hung up.
It is a peculiar sequence of events.  Nothing that would hold up in court yet, said William. 
Jacob leaned back, closing his eyes. We drove in silence to her apartment, he said.  I was holding her hand.  I was remembering how orderly, almost choreographed, my trip had been.  Alfreds driver to the airport, then directly on the private jet, then chauffeured from the airport to the hotel lobby.
Victoria called off the next day. Called the attorney, but the number had been disconnected.  The meeting was supposed to be some type of official request to keep the business in Jakarta.  We learned early on its best to not ignore the local governments overtures, which is why she had agreed to meet with them.  Later we drove to the address of the attorneys office. It was empty and looked dusty through the windows  probably unoccupied for months.  
By the way, said Jacob, Did Alfred ever get over his aversion to our terms used to describe growing the organisms?  Cloning makes it sound like were just copying something.  Were bioengineering.
No, sighed William.  He plans to tell the world in the initial press releases that were cloning electronics. How embarrassing.
Jacob said, Anyways, apparently there was some effort to put Victoria on the far side of town from the attack, but that backfired and she almost ended up dead too.  We never learned who set that up or why.  For all we know, they may have planned a separate trap for her.
Later that day, Alfred called the Jakarta office several times.  Victoria had given out her home number to only a few people, and he had no way to contact her directly.  The office did tell him that she had called in that day.  Presumably Alfred thought I was in the lobby, as the limo driver had undoubtedly reported, and Victoria had somehow found out.  I did typically stay at the Marriott. Its air conditioning was the best.
William searched his memory of the days in question, trying to recall a clue that could confirm any of these events.
Jacob continued, Were not sure if Alfred said something to the staff, or they figured it out on their own, but Victorias administrative assistant started frantically calling the apartment asking about me.  Victoria picked up the phone after a while, but played dumb.
Victoria went to the office that afternoon and told the staff she had not seen me. Presumably, I was at the hotel when the bomb went off.  She asked to be left alone and spent the rest of the day closed up in her office.
She called Alfred.  He said he was relieved to hear from her, that he had been notified of the bombing, then momentarily became speechless.  She said she had not seen me.  He started speaking again, saying he feared the worst and felt responsible, because he had scheduled the entire trip, and how it was just another one of the endless formalities required to complete the sale.  Then he asked if I had discussed any business with her since the negotiations the week before. Had we had any contact?  He was worried I had shared everything  that I had told her too much.
I just laid low, stayed at the apartment for the next two weeks.  By the second day they had me declared dead.
William shot his Scotch down. Jacob mimicked him, then poured two more, noticing the bottle was half empty.
William cleared his throat and rearranged himself on the sofa. Why did you keep quiet?
Shortly after the sale, said Jacob, Alfred told me that my bioengineering work, the memory organism, was being implanted in nursing home patients and orphans without consent  theirs or mine.  Alfred is an influential person, with many business contacts going back years.  It was probably easy for him to find unscrupulous directors he could bribe.  He also said they had been in contact with a foreign intelligence group that was interesting in procuring the technology.
William could feel his pulse quickening, his anger rising. He was not aware of unauthorized implants.
Bastard!  How long could he get away with that? said William.
Im sure he was careful to screen for old folks in the homes whose family never visited, and orphans who had sat in the system for years.  He said all the patients, including the children, were terminal.  He said in every case the person died before they could perform conclusive testing on the implants.  I was furious.  Before I could respond he told me about Toby.
William drained his glass again, This involves Toby?
Im just going to tell you straight up, buddy, said Jacob, facing William.  Alfred had Tobys birth engineered by the genetics group at NET.  They have been working on this for years  a process involving chemical alterations in natural parents, both the donor father and the mother, and additional engineering after insemination.  Toby was not the first by any means.  He is the first to survive past one year. All the rest died.  The parents were paid handsomely, and drugged so heavily throughout the process they likely cannot recall a thing.
William stood and walked to the galaxy wall, not seeing the beauty, lost in thought.  After a few moments he raised his empty hand expecting to see his glass, then returned soberly to the chair.
Victoria, William said, is not Tobys mother.  She is raising him, so Alfred and Victoria have worked that out.  She lied to me.  Said Toby was her son from Grant.
We both thought it would be the best way to put an end to this, said Jacob.  And shes never been married. You were the last person she was serious with and that was, five years ago?   
William just stared at Jacob.
Yes, she did lie, but only to protect Toby, said Jacob.
How? said William.
Alfred sprung the news about Toby on me with the rest of this.  After the sale, I went ballistic.  In a fit of rage I swore to Alfred I would put an end to it all.  He assured me everything they were doing was legal, moral and producing rapid scientific breakthroughs.  Alfred convinced me to relax a little and learn all the details of their operations over a couple days.  He appealed to the researcher in me - seek first to understand.  Anyways, all of it was history. It couldnt be changed. But I could prevent him from continuing in the future. So I relaxed a bit and thought.
A couple days later, the corporate attorney visited me and gave me the HR song and dance about the Jakarta office.  There was some legal work to finish, which took an entire day.  Then I was needed in Jakarta for the final work, to finish off the deal.  One thing I had decided by then was that one guy couldnt pull all this off on his own for long. The attorney and HR people didnt just make this up on their own.
You know most of the details from the second or third day after the bombing through the funeral.  Alfred did make one slip.  Victoria scoured the communication logs and found encrypted messages from Alfred to someone in Jakarta starting two days before my trip and ending the afternoon of the bombing.  There was mounting circumstantial evidence of foul play.
You know Alfred. Once hes noosed a goose that lays golden eggs  He didnt consider me the goose, but rather our documented research, our inventions  he doesnt understand the two cannot be separated.  The projects werent completely finished, and killing me off shut them down, at least temporarily.
A couple weeks later, Victoria paid the rent on her apartment in advance for six months and came home.  I stayed in Jakarta.  Shed been gone for over five years.  Alfred learned of her return and hounded her to meet with him at NET corporate.  They met, he tried to find out what she knew, and then offered her a million a year to take care of Toby and get the projects back on track.  Alfred was hot to polish and sell the golden eggs.
Victoria and I saw this as a way to right Alfreds wrong.  Toby was born with an abnormal brain, as you know, but I do believe they pulled off giving him exceptional IQ and a photographic memory.  He fit the bill perfectly for a v10x organism, he needed the short-term memory, and if it could be integrated with his higher brain functions he would lead a more normal life.
NET had raised Toby in a lab someplace for the first six years of his life.  He cannot recall specific details of those years, which has altered the development of his personality, but they obviously pumped him full of technical knowledge, which he has retained.  Conveniently for Alfred, Toby had no immediate recall of the people from his past, or the exact things that happened to him.  I believe through training they taught him how to use his long-term photographic memory.
We need to stop drinking, said William.
Your relationship with Victoria is not part of her deal with Alfred.  Actually, to Victoria, there is no deal.  Were trying to help Toby and stop Alfred and NET from pursuing research in this manner and selling it to the highest bidder.  I think he wants to sell the HS units, the bio organism growing methods, Toby, everything.  Anyways, looking you up was the first thing she did.  Your relationship is outside of this business with Alfred.  The Toby bribe was a surprise to us.  We discussed it and felt we could do nothing else but continue on the path laid before us.  I was dead, Victoria would take care of Toby, and together somehow we would stop Alfred in his tracks before he ruined any other lives with our research.
Jacob sat back in the recliner and looked at the ceiling.  William moved to the sofa and laid down, facing away from him, settled in, and started to drift to sleep, the alcohol overtaking him.
What are you going to do now? asked William.
Maybe Ill stay dead.  There are some advantages.
Name one.
People have stopped trying to kill me, said Jacob.
Then I suppose youll enjoy an advantage over me, said William.
Welcome to the party, mate. I knew I could count on you.
Around 4:00 AM, William stumbled to his bedroom and snuggled up against Victoria.  She stirred, then shook herself awake, light from the hall reflecting her inquisitive expression.
I think I understand, said Jacob.
The tears running down her cheek sparkled in the light.
Then explain it to me.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Toby can connect to the network in my lab? asked William.
Good morning sunshine! replied Jacob.  Your lab and pretty much any other network, although Im not sure how much of that he realizes.
William had found himself alone in bed, hung over, the revelations from the previous night a blur.  The combined smells of bacon and coffee hung in the air, eventually extracting him from bed with the poor efficiency of a garden tractor pulling a stubborn, century-old tree stump from the ground.  He found Victoria looking rested and content, sitting at the kitchen island, silently watching her father, who was cooking at the stove.  William met her eyes as she suppressed a smirk, apparently entertained by the sight.
Youre not hung over, said Jacob.
Okay.  Everything hurt, even the sound of his own voice.
Make yourself at home, Jacob, William said.
Let him cook.  You wont be disappointed, whispered Victoria, grasping Williams arm.  William was struck by her beauty, wearing a deep purple, low cut spaghetti strap teddy, which, even in his state, was intriguing.
Jacob was dividing scrambled eggs, bacon and toast among three plates.  
Ill have the rest of your cure ready shortly, said Jacob.  And Yes, Toby is a rather amazing lad.  Sit down and eat.
Certain that eating wasnt the cure, William sat and tasted the eggs, which had obviously been cooked in the pan following the bacon.  Surely the grease would be the end of him.  Jacob turned on a blender, which produced a green slurry in short order, and then divided the results among three glasses.
What is that? William asked.
Its your cure.  Just drink it, Jacob replied. 
Jacob and Victoria dug into their breakfast with abandon. William tentatively tasted the slurry and determined he could survive this meal.  Jacob was a freak.  He had nine lives, a gut of steel, and nothing seemed to be outside his area of expertise.  Knowing Jacob, William had little doubt that he would be feeling better within the hour.
Jacob picked up from the previous evenings conversation.  I worked from Victorias apartment, logging into NET with my old account.  No one to this day has disabled it.  The only security is getting on the network.  Once youve signed in, access is wide open.  Its a research environment so I understand the open culture, although the consulting network is completely open too, which presents legal issues.  This also means Alfred can monitor anything.  I was paranoid for weeks, thinking he would detect me on the network.  From my account, I aliased to one of your old accounts, William, so anything I touched looks like you touched it.
Toby is calling him a hack.  He means hacker, said Victoria, looking at William.
He knows the difference, hes teasing me, said Jacob.
William watched Jacob eat, certain of one thing  there were so many unanswered questions.  Without the Scotch he wouldnt have slept at all.
Playing dead all these months, you are a hack, said William.  Tobys talented but it makes sense he had someone guiding him along.  What have you been doing with him?
Victoria and I took the liberty of adjusting the router in your study a bit so it could hop onto the mesh network in your lab from here, said Jacob.  At first I thought Toby was content watching the connect and diagnostic messages, but then I could see him jumping onto the net, browsing news services.  The first day he figured out how to use the connections he started a search for you and NET.  NET may be easy to negotiate once youre inside, but from the outside it appears to be locked up tight.  You can only see some marketing splash pages.  Its a little amazing the consulting side doesnt have a bigger presence.
They ate in silence for a moment.  William caught Victoria smiling, almost glowing again.  He took a long, slow swig of the green slurry, which seemed to be the most agreeable to his stomach, trying not to push his luck too far and inhale its aroma.
What about the accelerometer suit for Toby? William asked.  You two were pushing hard for that.
Thats really no more than the obvious, said Jacob.  We can keep track of where he is, and he can learn from the connections his v10x makes to the accelerometer chips.  He, actually his v10x, will learn from the suit.  Im hoping between the programming manuals in his photographic memory and the feedback from his own suit, hell master control of an HS unit quickly.
Whats your goal with that?
World domination, for the good guys, said Victoria, juggling her eyebrows.
The goal is seamless operation of multiple remote HS units by a human host, said Jacob.
Noticing Victoria looking away in thought, William wondered if perhaps she didnt agree with this.
We thought, said Victoria, that we might as well let Toby take this as far as he can.  He may be our best chance for success on this project.  He seems to add helpful insight to everything he applies himself to, and a human driving the HS units directly has always been your goal, too.
A person directing multiple human sims said William.  From what youve been telling me, Toby could pull this off  But then his life will be in more danger than before, this time from Alfreds terrorists. 
What do you think, dear? William asked Victoria.
I think there will be more interest in harvesting Tobys organism than kidnapping and brainwashing him, Victoria said solemnly.  Alfred has already asked you and Ben to research transplanting an operational organism between hosts.
Now Im sober, William said, his eyes closed, massaging his temples with both hands.  He needed more time to absorb this and think it though.
The best thing we can do, said Jacob, is step it up a few notches with Toby.  His potential to connect to hundreds of sensors through the mesh nets and the HS units makes him his own best security guard.
Whats the endgame?  William asked.  It appears were stuck dealing with terrorists.  Were scientists, not commandos.
Jacob gathered their plates. Im not worried about Alfred at least.
Why not? Victoria asked.
I think we can cover our tracks as we help Toby learn, and avoid the bulk of Alfreds monitoring schemes.  Jacobs face was reddening, his anger growing.  Hell ultimately lay a money trail to the terrorists, which we can turn over as evidence.  We can use him as bait.  Hes expendable to me; Im just returning the favor.
We get Toby out of this, we expand the HS project with your research, and we shut down Alfred, Victoria said, stabbing the table with her finger on each point.  Im going to clean up and get Toby moving.
Sounds aggressive, said William.  Ill be happy just to hold down my breakfast.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
The three spent another hour watching Toby eat his breakfast and discussing lighter topics, and then William showered and left for the lab.  Toby was fitting into normal social settings better each day as he gained confidence.  Victorias newfound maternal instincts were on high alert.  Young Tobys life was changing rapidly, and he was dealing with situations in a deceptively hostile environment.
Their plan for the day was to send 007, and later possibly HS1, on separate mock surveillance missions around NET, allowing Toby to direct, monitor, and learn from their movements.  
William launched their missions remotely from his apartment, starting with 007, who was instructed to get dressed in the double-breasted black suit, complete with tie and shiny black leather dress shoes, they had fitted for him.  
By the time William left his apartment, Jacob and Toby had removed the HS lab mesh network from the corporate backbone.  They all agreed it was safer to drop the connection and deal with the potential fallout from Alfred, then put up a faade connection and try to explain it away later, as it would surely be discovered.  His labs removal from the backbone could be explained as part of a routine test.
William parked his car in the lot with the rest of the NET employees, began walking in, and almost literally ran into 007.
Good morning, William!  007 proclaimed exuberantly.  You really should watch where you are going; someone with ill intentions could take you by surprise.
You took me by surprise, said William, his heart pounding.  What are you doing outside?
Just taking a stroll.  The women love me in this suit and Im milking it.  Oh, and Toby says Jacob is a Hack!  But his breakfasts are therapeutic.
Oh, tell Toby I said hello, William said quietly, looking around the parking lot.  There were a half dozen people walking toward the building, none within earshot.
Indeed, Toby says hello, 007 said, lowing his voice as he leaned toward William, shielding his mouth with his hand and looking around the parking lot.
William laughed, 007 was truly a work of art and science.  He looked around for the sensors connected to the mesh, wondering if Alfred was watching.
You must be careful.
007 looked back sheepishly, chastised.  Of course, I understand.
William wondered how much he really did understand.  Toby had promised not to tell 007 much.  William shuttered, and 007 seemed to notice a look of concern crossing his face.  The possibility of being kidnapped and tortured obviously added a new dimension to the projects.
In practically a whisper, 007 said, Please dont worry, Toby is a wonderful host and quite trustworthy.  He seems to have great control over my systems.  When he first started giving me commands I felt rather robotic, but luckily I was still in the lab and I dont think anyone noticed.  I was able to demonstrate some smoothing commands, which he picked up quickly, and we negotiated a better interface.  Now Im moving smoothly and actually with newfound freedom.  We found some of my physical coordination calculations can be offloaded to Toby, allowing me to monitor more sensors, and of course, you rarely send me outside.
You really should pause to breath when you speak, said William.  That wasnt natural.  And yes, I suppose you both still have a lot to learn.
A human and an HS were learning from and adapting to one another.  William was elated.
They entered NET corporate headquarters, which was housed in a deceivingly modern 1860s stone cathedral that matched the surrounding structures to form an old, college-campus-like setting, complete with century-aged trees and manicured lawns.  Upon entering, visitors were typically shocked at the stark contrast of modern glass walls, chrome handrails and bright white tile floors on the cavernous lobby.  Not readily apparent were the thousands of sensors tracking all activities within the walls, right down to the pulse of each inhabitant.  The female employees were quite aware that their weight was tracked, a necessary security measure, they were told.
William and 007 knowingly nodded at one another as they passed through the narrow front hall, where all speech was recorded  to help with identification through voice recognition.  Sensors scanned the retina of each eye, all exposed fingers were scanned for prints from any imaginable angle, and all physical, and some chemical, features were recorded for future reference.  A laser burned an invisible, pinhead-sized ID tag, typically on the outside of a wrist, inserting all this information into the skin of all unrecognized visitors entering the premises.  The spot would wear off with normal skin decay, but could be read by NET sensors for at least 72 hours.  All visitors were permanently tracked in NETs database, which was continuously archived.
Alfred had updated Jacob Crawfords status in the database as deceased, which meant that if Jacob were to enter this building, or be detected by NET sensors anywhere in the world, an exception would be recorded and Alfred would be notified. 
Continue your surveillance exercise, 007, William said.
Very well.  Have a martini waiting for me at precisely 1100, 007 replied with a wave, turning left down a hall which led to the administrative offices of the business consulting side of the firm.
William waved and shook his head in mock disapproval, continuing straight through the bright lobby toward his lab.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Toby was delighted and amused by the events of the previous 24 hours.  In the past he had had a sense that much was missing in his life, but the frustrations of everyday life seemed to be his alone.  Although he had already accepted his past trials as learning experiences, he would not mourn their passing.  He instinctively planned to protect and expand his new abilities.  
He sat in Williams study on the recliner, wearing his accelerometer suit. Victoria was on the other recliner, Jacob on the sofa.  
Toby had connected into the network, and found 007 when William started the surveillance session.  007 recognized his new host and began accepting commands.  After working with 007 to become comfortable with the interfaces and examine the sights and sounds of the lab, Toby sent 007 on his pre-programmed route around NET and sat back to watch the sensors.  The focus required to operate 007 had been exhilarating.
Youve grown accustomed to the v10x quickly, said Jacob.
It was apparent a few hours after the surgery that the memory was working, said Toby.  Aside from the visual cues, the endless console messages, I could sense it somehow.  And there were obvious things, like I could recall my first conversations after my procedure the following day.
Toby considered how strange it was that he had always somehow known how to behave and who to trust, even though he couldnt remember who he was dealing with from day to day.  I really didnt even know that each day wasnt supposed to be filled with new, strange things, he thought.  I had memories which I knew were from long ago, but they didnt seem helpful to getting through a day with the people in the lab.  Each day was filled with vaguely familiar but brand new experiences.
Do you remember Alfred? Victoria asked.
No, not really, said Toby.  Ive since learned what hes done with NET, in the past and recently, and how hes affected other lives like mine.  It appears something happened to him, similar to brain damage.  I want to avoid him.  There are records available at NET that could be incriminating to Alfred.
He was once a great man, Toby, said Jacob.  Youre right, something has happened to him.
The light left Tobys eyes for a moment as he replayed an old memory of someone in a lab coat, maybe Alfred, drilling him for hours on math equations related to fusion.
Toby, said Victoria, patting his arm, drawing him back to the moment, has the accelerometer suit helped you to understand how the HS units function?
Yes.  He was back, his eyes gleaming again.  The output data from the accelerometers are easy to understand, and I can see from the manuals how to map the feedback into the motion control systems.  The combination is a leap over regular robotic controls. 
Its amazing you picked this up; its a highly optimized system, said Jacob.
Toby thought to himself, the suit helped me learn in a couple hours what could have taken days to understand otherwise, and because the control systems are highly optimized, I can work at higher levels in the software  actually, the v10x handles all the low-level work.  007s skin has many more sensors than my suit.  It took some time earlier to absorb and integrate the additional data with the control systems.
Hes an amazing unit, said Toby, but I realized the physical movements are rudimentary compared to the intelligence inference engines.  William designed those modules and he is truly a wizard.
Im a little unnerved when Im around 007, said Victoria.  Hes so lifelike and insightful, but you know hes a machine.  Its nothing I can put my finger on exactly sometimes I guess Im afraid he can read my mind.
He cannot do that, I assure you, said Jacob, but he can interpret data from hundreds of sensors around NET near real-time.  I believe that gives him the appearance of insight in addition to his ability to logically deduce problems at machine speed and translate his reasoning into verbal communication you and I can understand. 
Right, said Victoria.  Like I said, hes a little freaky, but I suppose if I didnt know he was an HS, thought he was just one of the guys, I wouldnt even notice.  It would give him an unfair leg up on the competition, even stranger still.  I think Id prefer to know what he is...  Oh, never mind.  Im just rambling.
Toby had been scanning the parking lot cameras and tracking William through his CitComm.  Newfound emotions and exposure to his new mentors felt intriguing, to say the least, but paled in the brilliant intrigue of dozens of networked sensors spewing raw data into his brain.  The experience was a rush and captured his focus so deeply he fought to give any attention to the others.
Williams car will be in the NET parking lot in about 2 minutes, declared Toby.  Im going to take over control of 007 and meet William outside.
Theres a bit of freakish insight now, said Jacob, laughing, from the sofa, its based on access to the security cameras in the street blocks surrounding the NET campus.
And access to Williams locator and the knowledge that last Saturday it took precisely 23 minutes for William to drive from here to his parking space six spots from the main entrance, said Toby.
Toby directed 007 through the parking lot encounter with William, which was far removed from his pre-programmed route, and then back into the building, turning to visit the administrative offices.
007s motion control systems were so crisp and elegant that one simple command was all that was needed to keep him walking in a straight line, allowing focus on other sensors.  He had built-in programs which could automatically direct walking together with another person to a destination, all the while mirroring their movements and maintaining acceptable distance.  Toby had used this program to walk 007 along with William from the parking lot, allowing him to focus on detecting other data and talking with William simultaneously.
007s brain, like Tobys combined natural and extended brain, was designed to perform multiple tasks simultaneously, using CPUs dedicated to different functions with a central control engine that factored data from all processors.  007 observed and reacted intelligently to all the inputs of the physical world surrounding him, a complex feat humans take for granted.
Toby, can you show us what youre seeing? asked Jacob.
Sure, I can direct one CPU to feed audio and video feeds to you.
So I should be able to push commands to 007 as well, like you did when I led?
Thats right, if I let you, which I will.  But dont start thinking you can push commands to me.  I know youre a hacker!
Dont worry, I wouldnt even try.
Toby made the connection to allow audio and video sensor feedback to be sent to Jacobs CitComm.  Jacob held the CitComm on an angle, so both he and Victoria could view.  The display was of the administrative receptionists area from 007s perspective.
Hello, said 007, leaning over the desk trying to flirt.  When are we going out for a drink, Jenny?
My, you do look handsome today.  Youre sweet, 007, but you never leave the building, Jenny said.
A coffee at the caf soon, then.  I know you cant resist me.  By the way, I didnt expect to see you here.
I work for Ron, but hes out today and they wanted me here, said Jenny.
Tell me, have you seen Dr. Harland today?  Toby had pushed the question to 007.
I saw him early this morning.  He was down by Dr. Cunninghams lab, said Jenny, leaning forward and lowering her voice.  He seems to be keeping an eye out for you.  Maybe you should ask him out.
Jenny!  I am shocked and appalled, said 007 in mock horror, making Jenny laugh.  Hes not my type.  You know I prefer blonds, with 007 leaned closer, raising his eyebrows.
OK, young man, that is enough.
Ah, Jenny, you are such a tease.  But I must be on my way.  Its going to rain in 5 minutes; you may want to close your car windows.
Oh, youre right, said Jenny, I did leave a window down today.  Oh, Im not sure how you knew that.  Our weather radar, right?  Will you do me a favor and stay by my desk until Im back?  It will only take me five minutes.
Yes, Jenny, I will man the desk for you.
Man the desk.  Yes, well, if someone stops by just ask them to wait for a minute until I return.  Any calls coming in will be handled by the automated system.  Just keep an eye out for someone looking for help.  Be right back
Jenny ran down the hall and turned the corner.  007, Toby, Jacob and Victoria watched her bounce away.
I really dont have the legs for this job, chuckled 007.
What does that mean? Toby asked.  He has the legs of ten men.
Jacob and Victoria laughed.  Toby gave then a blank stare.
007 sat down and looked around the receptionists desk.
Hello 007, and friends, said William, joining the party from his lab.
007, please locate Dr. Alfred Harland on the receptionist security connection, said William. 
007 touched the desk display, searching for the location of all employees with last names starting with the letter H.  Dr. Harland seemed to be the only person fitting the search, and a graphic of the building research wing appeared with a Dr. Harland label floating over his office, which was near Williams lab.  007s vision was relayed to each of them.  He waved his finger in front of the display to draw their attention, remaining silent.
Jenny will turn the corner in 47 seconds at her current pace, said 007.  I believe shes a jogger, shes been running the entire time, took the stairs, and her heart rate is only 80 BPM.  You have my artificial heart rate set to 120 for the same level of exertion and I only weigh 28 pounds more than her.
We have what I wanted.  Clear the display and history, said William.  Resume flirting mode.
Im cut to the quick.
Jenny rounded the corner a moment later, slowing to a walk for the remaining 30 feet.  007 watched her appreciatively.  
You really are a handsome devil.  Now be on your way!  And thank you for the rain warning.
007 snapped his fingers and rose from the chair, giving Jenny a thumbs-up, and strode away.
Thank you Jenny.  Im glad I could be of assistance.  I look forward to our coffee date!
Victoria sent William a message on the CitComm: Hes a chip off the old block.
Toby, lets go say hello to Ben Pickerington, said William.
Toby used the receptionists connection, which 007 had maintained, to look up the location of Ben Pickerington, tagged his location, pushed the commands to 007, erased the history of the transaction and dropped the connection before Jenny could realize.  007 proceeded to Bens office.  The halls between the consulting division and the research division were quiet.  Apparently everyone was at their desk working.
Dr. Benjamin Pickeringtons lab was a contrast of exercise equipment, medical devices from multiple generations, specimens and electronic gear.  Ben regularly surprised junior staff members with expert knowledge in multiple disciplines.   
Toby walked by the glass wall of Bens office and tapped on the door frame.  
Hello, Ben!
Hello 007, please come in.  Youre looking dapper today.
Indeed, said 007, standing tall and smiling broadly.  William has me running the surveillance session today, dressed in my best.
Please give William a message for me.
Certainly.
Alfred has asked me to design an electrical system interface to allow a v10x organism to survive indefinitely in an HS, but the HS power system is inadequate and needs a boost, said Ben.
Thats interesting, said 007.  The v10x is compatible with my systems, but Im actually far superior overall.  Why would he want to do that?
Its for testing.  It will give us a workbench to test and develop v10x-to-HS interfaces without subjecting humans to the process.  It could help us bring a v10x into the mainstream.
An admirable goal.  I will pass your message to William.  Please let me know how I can help, said 007.
Thank you.
I have a message from a friend, said 007.  The expansion of fuzzy logic neurons into the realm of neural linguistic genetics has advanced real-time speech recognition by a generation.
That, said Ben, sounds like Toby Cunningham. When did he give you that message?
Just now on my shared host connection, said 007.
Tobys using a remote host right now?
No, Toby is directly connected through his v10x without a host station, via the shared host connection, said 007.
What?  Toby is direct connected!  Why didnt you say something?
I just did say something.  Ive always wanted to participate in a humorous exchange like this, said 007.
What are his capabilities?  Can he monitor any of your sensors? Ben asked.
He appears to have full capability and can monitor all of my sensors and systems, although hes just discovering my knowledge-based inference engines.
Ben looked into 007s eyes, wondering exactly what Toby was seeing. 
Williams there too, I presume.
Yes, Dr. Cunningham joined a short while ago.  It was his idea for me to visit you, said 007.
Well, hello guys.  007s being elusive with me, but perhaps that is part of your session today, eh, old chap?  William wrapped his knuckles on 007s forehead.
Dr. Benjamin A Pickerington, that is not acceptable, 007 declared in disgust.  We do not invade personal space.
So said Ben, if Toby, and William, have full capability and can monitor all your sensors, youve become a real spy for them today.
I am earning my name.
Toby has progressed rapidly.  Ill stop by and you can tell me how you pulled this one off, William, said Ben.
William would like Tobys ability to be our little secret for now.  He said he needs to discuss this with you before you share the information with Alfred.
Ah, perhaps there are some issues.  I understand, said Ben, Ill stop by later for a talk.
We just spilled the beans.  Well see where his loyalties lie, said Jacob.
Hes fine, William and Victoria both said at the same time.
Ill be on my way, said 007, adjusting his tie, straining to see his reflection in the wall glass and dusting imaginary smudges off his forehead.  William is free any time after 2:00 PM today.

CHAPTER NINETEEN
Ben arrived at Williams lab precisely at 2:00 PM, and found William sitting in front of a large heads-up display in his conference room.  Both 007 and HS1 were sitting in chairs across the table from the display.  007 had changed back to his favorite attire  not much of anything  and HS1 matched, except for his strange, very un-human HS face, which was not fashioned after a young man.
William, old boy, youve done it now, said Ben bounding into the room and sliding into the nearest chair.
I have Toby and Victoria connected from my study.  Ill let Toby explain, said William, pointing to the display.
The display lit up, showing Toby, with the backdrop of the recliner, grinning broadly.
Hello Ben.  Victorias here too.  
Hi Ben, said Victoria from off screen.  Jacob remained silent.
Hi folks, said William.  Well, lets have it, Toby.  What have you been up to?
Toby could see everyone seated at the conference room table.
A few days ago, Toby began, I realized there is functional value for me to read program source code, the operation manuals for the hardware you make, and especially the binary executables.  Do you know the binaries for every operating system and sub-system module youve produced for at least the last ten years is available on the corporate network?
Sounds right, said William.
Its a playground for hackers, said Toby, spreading his hands and shaking his head.  The reason being, any device capable of connecting to the NET mesh network can gain access to the entire network.
Thats what its designed to allow, at least for a host, said Ben.
He means access to the entire corporate backbone, not just all sensors on the local mesh, said William.
Oh!
Right.  Anyways, its been quite useful for me.  I now have all HS lab executables, source code and all the manuals youve ever produced or borrowed from anyone.  Surprisingly, most of its in operational or documenting operation of either the HS units or your proprietary network protocols.  The pure research I left behind.
You have a photographic memory, said Victoria, but I dont see how you could keep that much information in your head.
I believe there may not be a limit to what I can store, or rather the only limit may be a practical one, what I regularly reference.  The v10x is resourceful, and it regularly copies the programs it needs from wherever theyre stored.  My memory is being referenced regularly by the CPUs you implanted, which keeps the memory fresh.
Youre right.  Normal memory, not used, fades away, said Ben.
Its never really gone, though, it just may take an unacceptable time to recall.  In real life, a brain function that takes too long to execute is considered useless by the conscious mind.  Its a practical limitation.  I still have memories from my first week after birth.  I cannot recall them here on the spot, but when I meditate, its all there.  Pushing memories to bio organisms is the right direction.  Everything weve manufactured so far has a known limit, but the organisms are simulating natural neural networks.
Short-term memory must have a limit, said Victoria.
Im not so sure about that either, said Toby.  There, again, it could just be how many things we choose to be aware of at one time.  Id categorize it as a personality trait.
Maybe for you, but not for the rest of us, said Victoria.
Ok, lets get back to how you made this work so quickly, Toby, said William.
In addition to the programs, which I realized I could basically upload and browse, William and Victoria outfitted me with an accelerometer suit.  From the suit I learned to read the inputs and map them into the central monitor module, watch its functions, and finally map its output to a null terminator.  But the process taught me the function of the HS units.
Are you saying you can execute our programs in your brain? Ben said skeptically, pushing back into his chair.
Oh, yes.  I uploaded the entire HS runtime environment.  It really only needs a host memory, and it will accept inputs and cascade through the logic gates much like a neural network.  The hardware doesnt have to be replicated, right?  This software is your design.
That was the theory, said William, but we never tested it.
Well it works, Toby said triumphantly.  But the real beauty is the sensor inputs.  I dont have much need for the low-level robotic controls, but the high-level robotic controls and their interface with the accelerometers as a feedback loop to motion control is pure genius.  You really need to try to secure this technology; it would be a shame if someone stole it.
Victoria, said William, We have your father to thank for that interface too.
It is commendable, but elementary compared to the intelligence modules and the organism growing technology, said Toby.
Hes absolutely right, said Ben.  We need to secure the network.
Weve already taken my lab mesh off the corporate backbone, said William.
Alfred will love that, said Ben.
007 broke his silence. Alfred will be arriving here in 13 seconds, based on current pace.
Lovely, said William. Toby, its time to sign off Wait, on second thought, stay here and stay neutral.  Were not ready to share this information yet.  That goes for everyone.

CHAPTER TWENTY
Alfred lumbered past the glass wall and rolled into the room, his suit jacket gone, white shirt sleeves rolled up, tie loosened  a shadow of his younger self, William thought.   
Youre all here.  William, Ben, Toby and both HS units.  Alfred looked like an overinflated red balloon, ready to burst.
Yes, youre just in time to discuss the results of our attempt to get Toby connected to the mesh, said William, waving toward a chair.  It was rocky from the beginning, connecting in fits and starts.  We dropped our connection to the backbone to try to minimize the traffic on our local mesh, hoping that might make a difference.  Join us; please sit down.
This seemed to have the desired effect of disarming Alfred, at least for the moment.  Alfred remained un-characteristically silent and sat down.
Did it work?  Can Toby get on the mesh and see 007s sensors?
Yes, but only temporarily, William lied.  I think its a huge win that he connected at all.  It did seem to work better for him when we lightened the load on the mesh, so we may want to keep it this way while were testing.
Alfred leaned back in his chair and seemed to relax slightly.  Toby, Victoria and Jacob, back in Williams study, could see Alfred, along with the rest of the occupants of the room.  007 was broadcasting a message that Alfreds pulse and blood pressure where both at elevated levels, but seemed to be stabilizing.  
William issued commands to HS1, effectively removing the units verbal and ambulatory systems, then broadcasted a message saying that HS1 was effectively a vegetable, and not to draw attention to him.
Victoria observed Jacob for a moment.  He seemed relaxed and composed, which was more than she could say for herself.  007 would be reporting her elevated respiration to the group if he could.
Alfred turned his gaze to Toby on the display.  How have you been feeling, Toby?
Like a new person, thank you, said Toby.
Yes, word has been traveling the corporate grapevine.  Well have a news leak soon if someone slips up.  I hope were all in agreement that would be bad for NET and Toby.  Publicity is not what Toby needs right now.
William and Ben nodded their heads in agreement, avoiding prolonged eye contact with Alfred.  Jacob and Victoria looked at each other, shaking their heads in disbelief.  Perhaps publicity was exactly what they needed.
How is the power interface coming along? asked Alfred.
Slow and steady, Ben said truthfully, although he had picked up on Williams direction and intended to say as little as possible.  Its going to take some time, and of course well need another v10x organism ultimately.
Youre right, we will.  Ive been thinking about arranging another clone to support this project, said Alfred, watching for reactions.
Not a bad idea, said William.  Perhaps by the time resources can be found for that, well have a working interface.  Its occurred to me that HS1 could move to Bens lab for the duration.
That will help.  His hardware is identical, and I can work out all the kinks without the anxiety that I could damage Williams crown jewel, 007, with my tinkering.
Ben, I would never use your name and the word tinker in the same sentence, said William.
Ive found a potential investor interested in watching a clone process.  Theyd like a better understanding of the process than I can give them.
Sharing this now sounds risky, Ben protested.
Theyd have to sign non-disclosure agreements.  Basically Ill rip their group in two if were damaged in any way.  I think I can control them.  Besides, you knew wed have to start sharing this at some point.  I think commitment from investors can help us tremendously. 
Well, said William, lets just keep things moving for now and see where this leads.  Weve made huge advances in the past couple years and lived through some challenging circumstances.  Weve been hugely successful, and at some point the research will be handed over to industry.
Toby, said Alfred, keep up your spirits.  You are the most remarkable young man Ive seen in a long time.  Dont be discouraged if these research experiments dont always pan out; that goes with the territory.  The important thing is that youre using the implant and improving every day.
Thank you for everything youve done, said Toby, locking eyes with Alfred.
Alfred paused, looking into Tobys face on the display.  Yes well, youre welcome.  Remember Toby, all men are created equal.  After that, its training that makes the difference  Take care of that mother of yours.  I must be going now.
Alfred pushed his massive frame away from the table, wrestled himself to his feet and walked toward the door with a wave, let me know if you have a breakthrough. 
Alfred stopped short.  Toby, is that an accelerometer suit?
Yes, Im trying to connect to it and learn the protocols.
It also helps us monitor his vitals, location, etc., said William.
Wise move.  That suit produces the same outputs as the HS units, right? 
Thats the idea, said William.
Keep up the great work, folks!  Alfred rumbled out of the room.
All things considered, said Ben, sighing in relief, that was short and sweet.
I thought it was strange how he really didnt want much information on the new electric interface design, William said, standing to stretch.
Right, said Victoria.  He seemed to be watching for reactions to another clone run and pulling in some new investor, but I thought he was vague.  I had the impression he shared things completely with you two.
Victoria moved into the picture, standing behind Tobys recliner. 
Weve worked together for years, said William.  We know what to expect from each other.  When theres something significant to share, there will be enough details to put you to sleep.  Weve had potential investors walk away before.  There are tire-kicking venture capitalists contacting Alfred all the time.
I like dealing with venture capitalists and making deals.  Maybe I should see if Alfred needs some help with this, said Victoria.
A fine idea there, Victoria, Ben said nodding, would you like me to say something to Alfred?
No, I can call him.  It would give me an excuse to catch up.  Alfred looks worse every time I see him; I think he needs a break.  Like a month off.
Jacob silently shot Victoria a puzzled look.  Toby and Victoria were both glancing off to their right at Jacob, who remained off-screen and silent.
His life is here, said William, if he did take time away he would be completely alone.
I think since the bombing last year, his health has gone downhill rapidly, said Victoria.
William and Ben were eyeing each other, a decision being made.
He confided in Ben and I, said William, that he felt responsible for your fathers death, Victoria.
Victoria shook her head and looked away.
He said he planned all the details of the trip.  Practically forced Jacob to go.
He said something similar to me, Victoria said.
Theres more, said Ben.  He said he thought perhaps his contacts in Jakarta caught onto the plans and intervened.
Intervened?  What the hell does that mean? said Victoria, raising her voice and leaning over Tobys shoulder.  Both Ben and William were visible in the display.
Were not sure, said William, and Im not sure Alfred is either.  He said he was talking with an Asian intelligence agency on a call and they likely overhead part of the plan to send William to Jakarta.
So?
So this group had given Alfred grief a year earlier when they learned NET was interested in buying Jacobs business.  Alfred speculated that perhaps they felt that with Jacobs business in their backyard, they would be able to siphon off some technology.  Who knows, maybe they had insiders who were stealing things; there were several locals employed.  I believe Alfred really didnt know, but he certainly didnt trust these guys.
Then why was he dealing with them? said Victoria.
I dont know.  I suspect it was just part of doing business there.  The United States hasnt cornered the market on corporate bribery.  One thing, he certainly wouldnt tell us if anything shady was going on, but he might have told Jacob.
So what do you two think?
Weve talked about it, said Ben, shrugging his shoulders.  Its possible Alfred inadvertently tipped off some unsavory types who had the bombing set up.  I dont understand why anyone would do that.  I dont think well ever know.  Its been over a year, and Alfreds never discussed it with us again.  I suppose I understand him feeling guilty, with the uncertainty and all.  Its a stretch for me to believe hed actually set the whole thing up, and then bring this type of story to our attention.  Its pretty lame, actually.
Well, theres more to the story, said Victoria.  Ben, please come home with William tonight and have dinner with us here.
I think its a good idea, Ben, said William.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
That evening, Ben returned with William to his apartment, where Victoria and her father had prepared an Italian dinner.  Toby helped set the dinner table and was the first to greet Ben and William as they let themselves into the apartment.
As with William and Jacobs reunion the night before, Jacob presented himself to Ben without preamble, and they struggled through the emotions and reasons for the events of the past year, this time with pasta instead of Scotch.  
William, hearing all this for a second time, was convinced he felt better about this version, and seeing Jacob again, after having a few more hours to wrap his mind around the fact that he was still alive, gave him a warm feeling of hope for their future.   
Victoria, and Toby to a limited degree, participated in this round as they all enjoyed the pasta and homemade bread.  They were bonding, as a group with a common goal.
The hour became late.  Toby was sent to bed, and Jacob brought Ben up to speed on what they knew about Tobys history.
Maybe, said Ben shaking his head in wonder, this is why Alfreds health has been in the can for years.
Hes expensing his meals to terrorists? said Victoria.
No, I meant the guilt is eating him.  You know, years ago there were those who thought he was the salt of the earth.  Now, my worst fears about these surgeries seem to be true.
It seems imperative, said Ben, looking at Jacob, that you remain hidden a bit longer.  Alfred needs to be drawn out further.  We really dont know what or who were dealing with.
Its apparent, said Jacob, that Alfred was somehow tied up with an Indonesian terrorist group.  The attack was concentrated in a small area, where I was supposed to be exactly when the bomb was detonated.  Relative to most attacks, the hotel was almost undamaged  just the lobby desk area where I was to be standing.  Typically, they level major parts of the building. There was no one at the desk, by the way.  I think he planned the bombing.  There are too many coincidences.
How about Toby!  Ben said.  And obviously, I knew about the surgeries on elderly and young children, babies sometimes, but Alfred assured me each patient was terminal.  In each case there was a long medical history.  Each candidate seemed ideal, and this was their last shot.  Several of the elderly who were still coherent felt they were contributing to research in the best way they could.  I interviewed those folks
With Tobys entire existence being engineered, and now this business about trying to sell our technologies to foreign agents, you have to question the entire program.  We all felt our research would apply in industry one day.  Helping people, not blowing things up.  Bens voice was strained.  He was infuriated.  It was nave to trust Alfred.
I believe Toby was an exception, said Jacob.  The problem is that few people knew about him.  Alfred and a few others at NET designed the entire operation.  Alfred used to be trustworthy, but something happened to him over time.  We all thought we were dealing with the same man.
Now we have to clean it up, said Victoria, Toby didnt have a fighting chance to lead a normal life the way they left him  I cant believe Alfred actually trusts me, but he doesnt seem to suspect anything strange is afoot. 
We can take advantage of that for now.  Lets devise a plan to finish this and draw him out, said Jacob.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
Late the next afternoon, a friend of Williams came to the apartment while William was at work.  Victoria called Toby to the kitchen.
Toby, meet Mac.  Mac, this is Toby.
Pleased to meet you, young man, Mac said.
Hello, Mac, said Toby. Mac sounds like a mans name.
Mac was clearly a woman.  Tall; long, fine black hair running well below her shoulders; a light brown summer dress; small sandals with thin bright purple straps and matching purple toenail polish. 
Its short for my last, which I dont go by.  Everyone calls me Mac.
Mac is the makeup artist who created 007s face.  She wants to take some pictures of you and study your facial features in different light.
Oh?
We want her to reproduce your face on HS1 for the research project.
Right, well the research couldnt go on with HS1 using his current face. 
Mac opened the small suitcase she had deposited on the island and retrieved a camera.  Toby could see several compartments separating various types of hair samples, eyelashes, fingernails, what appeared to be contact lenses, paints, various powders and putties, some old eyewear...   There were obviously other compartments, containing who knew what.
Mac moved slowly, taking in Toby and all the details of her surroundings, including the lighting.  Toby noticed her eyes were jet black.  They seemed to absorb the room and bore into him.  Toby felt uncomfortable and broke out into a sweat, but tried to remain calm.
Youre able to change the appearance of people, stated Toby.  It wasnt a question. 
Oh, yes, I do that   for movies and TV.  I can make people look older or younger, or completely change their appearance so even their mother wouldnt recognize them.  Mostly I just make them look better when a camera is zoomed in enough to show the pores in their skin. Do you mind if I take your picture?
No, but please dont publish it anywhere. I dont want to be famous.
Really!  Mac was laughing.  You are unique.
How do you want me to pose?
Not at all, Ill just take some pictures from different angles as I look at your hair and complexion.  Id like to apply some things to your face, too.  It helps me to understand your skin.
Thats fine too.  Hopefully this wont take too long.
Two hours later Mac closed her case, thanked them both, and almost left without her purple sandals.  They had been in every room in the house, and in several areas outside and in Victorias car.  Mac was barefoot the entire time.  She had taken over two hundred photographs.
She is the definition of bizarre, said Toby, making Victoria laugh.
She is eccentric, Victoria conceded, but shes the best.  The next time you see HS1 it will be like looking into a mirror.
The guys are gone all day, no explanations, then  that.  You guys are cooking up a plan, and youre using a decoy.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
William spent the afternoon performing a major memory upgrade to HS1.  He intended to upgrade the unit to dual boot, effectively giving it two personalities.  The current version, in which the unit was primarily a personal training exercise partner, did not speak and had limited logic; the new one was a near clone of 007s capabilities.
007, said William, Tonight Im going to hardwire you to HS1.  I want you to download the latest versions of all base operating modules, all patches, for the NetMesh OS and related subsystems.  The same for all levels of the accelerometer interfaces and language interfaces.  We may send everything else later, but well see how he behaves tomorrow first.
007 was reclining in an office chair, resting, his feet crossed on an adjacent desk, wearing only his favorite tennis shoes.  He drummed his fingers on the desk and looked at William, juggling his eyebrows slowly.
Hell never have my fashion sense, smooth lines or moves with the ladies.
Dont worry big boy, thats not the plan.
We should give him a new name.
Lets stick with HS1.  Hell be a dual boot, and I dont want anyone outside of Ben, Toby and Victoria to know about this.  The corporate backbone connection must remain down.  After youre finished, boot him in normal HS1 mode and let him watch the lab while you continue your research tonight.  Wake me if anything goes wrong or falls outside of these parameters.
Of course.  You sleep too much anyways.
If theres any type of security breech, quickly disconnect the wire and power down HS1.  If anyone asks, tell them were testing HS1s power subsystems.  Reference Bens notes on the subject for the past week.
Dont worry, doctor, Ill treat this facility as if it were my own.  Which reminds me, how about some artwork?  This lab reeks of research nerds.
Just stick to the plan, please.  You can select some art to show me another time.
I already have a gallerys worth of fine pieces.  What Id like to do is share some thoughts with Jenny.  Ive detected we share common ground in our love of wilderness paintings.
Back to the task at hand.  Im leaving now.  Lock down when I leave and get this rolling.  It should only take an hour or so with the wire.
HS1 was reclining in a chair and seemed to be asleep.  William plugged a dark blue, quarter-inch-thick cable into the back of HS1s neck.  The entire length of the cable glowed bright blue.
Do not share any information from our talks with Victoria and Ben with anyone, including HS1.  We need to be careful and not trust anyone but of them and Toby.
This has something to do with Jacob, does it not?
You can review the recording from my apartment last night.  Delete it when youre done, from both my host and your memory.  You can have the knowledge, but not the recording, its too dangerous.  Well talk about it more tomorrow. Good night, 007.  Execute the plan I gave you and remain in surveillance mode in all interactions until I talk with you again.
As you wish, William.  Surveillance mode entered, Dr. William Cunningham may unlock.  I will be gentle with HS1.  Good night.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
You wanted to see me before I started this time.  Mac turned the corner into Williamss lab the next day carrying a CitComm.  She was wearing purple short shorts, a matching tank top, and her favorite purple sandals.  I wore my favorite three-piece just for you.
Hi Mac, said William.  I have an extra challenge this time, and its worth more money.  William motioned for Mac to follow him into the next room, which was a small, barren conference room.  HS1 was alone, sitting in a chair, examining an apple, a blank look on his face.
He looks harmless enough.  The other one was hitting on me the whole time.
I dont think you have to worry about that with HS1.  Hes basically a workout dummy.  Personal training demonstrations are all he knows.  Hell basically just sit in the chair like this and behave himself.
What a bore.  Maybe I should work on the other one.  Whats the extra twist? 
I dont want you to change his face to match Tobys, I want you to build a mask that looks like Toby that can be slipped over his head.
Youre planning to deceive someone.
Perhaps.  And the deal is the same as before, plus an extra 20 grand to make it a wearable mask.  Its good money.
I can make a mask, but youre not paying this much for the job, youre paying for privacy.
Youre the best at both.
Make it an extra 30 grand.  I need new supplies.
Done.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
Toby sat in his favorite recliner in Williams study.  They had cleaned the apartment, and the room felt foreign without the normal clutter.  Victoria had left him alone, intending to watch from her display in the kitchen.
Toby was blocking the v10x from connecting, but now released it and watched the familiar automatic connections.  He had not grown tired of the console messages.  The video feed was separate.  Hed found he could easily ignore either.  The constant flicker of text in his peripheral vision served as a reminder of his new abilities.  It was incredible how much work the implant did on its own.
BMesh 10.2 online
Searching for connections
C1N2 Connected
NET HS projects lab, 12:43.53
Negotiating with NETMESH v2...
NetMesh wizard detected on port 1, CPU 0
NET HS lab mesh network monitor
Multi-Host mode
Connections open to all permitted Mesh hosts 
007 online
HS2 online  Waiting host command
007 connect
007: Hello, Toby, glad youre back.  Lets have some fun today.
Indeed we will. I see HS2 is online.  Can we reboot him in 006 mode?
007: 006 mode! I love that.
007: You can do that remotely.  William would like you to try.
007 video/audio connect
007 sys monitor connect
William, Toby is attempting to shut down HS1 and reboot in 006 mode.  His terminology. 
The video/audio feed connected.  Williams face flashed into view above the console messages.  Toby closed his eyes to focus on the image.
And so he shall be known, said William, loud and clear, presuming his dual personality has some character.  Hes in the room.  Give it a try.
I can hear you just fine, you dont need to shout, said Toby over the host connection.  You know, I feel a little strange sitting in a room alone, talking to myself.
Just remember, said William, you can always drop console messages to 007 starting with my name and he will know theyre not commands  we may need to operate in stealth mode someday.
Okay.  I have full audio/visual through 007, and I have active host connections for jcwiznet and Victoria.  Victoria is in the other room on the same router, jcwiznet is remote.  Would you like to share your location with us, jcwiznet?
Hello, Toby, said Victoria.
Hello, Toby, said Jacob ignoring the question.
Okay.  Im sending the shutdown and boot 006 commands now.
007 and William turned to watch HS1 as he walked to a chair and sat down, placing his hands on his legs, and closed his eyes.  A moment later his eyes opened, a deep artificial breath was taken, and his head turned as he looked around the room.  He seemed to be studying the wall to his left.  Every few seconds his eyes blinked.
Hes down, said William.  The reboot takes some time. 
He looks the same as before, said Victoria.  I cant tell the difference.
Its just an old program executing to make him look lifelike.  I thought it might come in handy during the duration of a reboot.  Its pretty low-level code, the same logic that keeps him from falling out of the chair.  He cannot do anything else right now.
We need to get this show on the road, said William.  Alfred sends encrypted messages most days about this time.  We need 007 to set the Eye and make the connection soon.
A few minutes later, 007 scanned the motion sensors located in the restroom in the executive hallway near Alfreds office.  The sensor had been idle for over an hour.  Alfred was in the caf.  
007 rounded the corner, moving quickly into the plush carpeted hall, monitoring every sensor within range.  It was lunch hour and the floor was empty.  Slipping into the restroom, 007 took time to glance to his right at his reflection in the mirror over the marble vanity.  Other than the motion sensors, his would be the only recording of this event.  He moved quickly, noting that his hair was perfect.  The shiny marble floor appeared to be slippery but was not.  He bounded to his destination in one quick hop and reached over the side of the single stall, touching his finger to the inside edge to stick the Eye sensor to the surface.  He noted the mission light was still green on his console, indicating that the camera was placed perfectly.
They could now see the inside of the empty stall, and they could direct focus as desired within the walls.  The only concern was remaining in range of the sensor so the video feed could be transmitted back to Williams lab.  007 slid out of the room.  It had taken only five seconds to set and verify the sensor.
Upon exiting the executive hallway and descending the stairs to the main floor, he detected that Alfred was moving again, about to exit the caf with six other people.  007 pushed to the far side of the hall and kept moving quickly through the foot traffic, hoping to avoid an encounter and discussion.
007, is William still off the backbone? Alfred called across the crowded hallway.
Yes, Dr. Harland.  007 waved, turning his head to make eye contact, but kept moving.
Thank you, Alfred said to himself, watching 007 move down the hall.
Alfred completed the upward struggle with the stairs to the executive suites for the second time that day.  He refused to completely surrender to the deterioration of his body, although for some time now he felt as though he was in an accelerating spiral over an abyss of death, and feared the next downward swoop would end in a wheelchair.  The simple physical act of climbing the stairs to his office each day had become both a torturous reminder of his condition, and the source of emotional strength to which he clung as he triumphed each day.  Someday he would relent and take the elevator
He could walk away, would walk away, from all the rest of this after raising more cash and tying up some loose ends.  No sense in retiring poor.  Then the priority would be regaining health.
Alfred retrieved his CitComm and walked to the executive washroom, turning sideways to squeeze through the door, then locked it behind him.
HS1, clad in a dark blue running suit and white running shoes, climbed the long staircase to the executive suites caring a folding chair.  Several people passed, and he announced his assignment: to sit at the top of the stairs, attempting to connect to Dr. Cunninghams network, until recalled.  These types of tests were typical behavior for HS units.  Most NET employees no longer paid attention to HS1s movements.
007 was a different case.  He could melt into most social situations, typically initiating intriguing conversation with anyone encountered  particularly women.  That made him a poor choice for the mission of maintaining a connection to the Eye planted in the washroom.  HS1 could sit and stare into space for the rest of the afternoon and attract little attention.
HS1 took up his place near the top of the stairs on the second floor, immediately making connection with the Eye in the washroom.
I dont need to see this, said Victoria, making a sour face.
Please honey, said William.
They watched as Alfred wedged his massive body through the stall door and sat down on the toilet, CitComm in hand.
I think he forgot something, William said.
I hope he doesnt forget that he forgot, said Toby.
Ive always wanted to be in one of these conversations, 007 started
Everyone stop!  We need to focus, said William.
Toby started giggling, then Victoria.
Im focusing on the CitComm juveniles! said William.
Toby was belly laughing now, causing the sensors in his accelerometer suit to spike.

The Eye was an invention Jacob and William had devised with knowledge gained from their genetic cloning research.  Similar to most mesh network sensors, it had two parts, a network radio  including logic to control the device  and the sensor  in this case an image sensor.  The active image processor could be remotely controlled to direct focus toward objects within range,      zoom and transmit a live feed over the network connection.  The eye was effectively invisible  one quarter inch in diameter, flat, translucent, with a small grey dot on the edge the size of a pinhead containing the radio and processor.  Anyone perched on the seat in the stall was unlikely to see the Eye if they peered upward, as the overhead fluorescent lamps partially blinded their vision.  A cleaning crew would likely knock the sensor to the floor with a duster one day, where it would hopefully be swept away.
Alfred settled onto the seat, cursing the discomfort, relishing the total privacy and thankful to have the latest encryption software to secure his messages.
The display on Alfreds CitComm was clearly visible to the group, but turned sideways.  William rotated the video feed and focused on the text as Alfred sent his message.
Im back, 007 declared, jogging up to Williams desk.  The buffoon is sitting at the top of the stairs staring into space.
The video feed is working, said William.  Sit down.
Im here, are you available?
Two minutes passed.  Alfred sat still, awaiting a reply.
Yes.
Both deliverables are near completion, and I have an addition to sweeten the pot.
By this time I have worked up a large appetite.  Will this sweetener prolong my satisfaction further?
No.  Would you like details?
Yes.
We have agreed to the HS and the clone process, including a demo.  We can demonstrate in a lab the clone process, but I cannot provide the resources for the additional clone in this time frame.  Im struggling to provide the means to demo the clone as it is.  We will also be able to implant the newly-cloned organism into the HS, where it will be fully functional.
An interesting feat if the organism remains stable.  This is a less expensive testing tool, no?
Yes, but it has vast application potential.
This research tool is interesting.  My engineers will be happy to have another toy.  But I am not.  You have successfully implanted an organism in a young boy.  I require the boy too.
In exchange for not delivering additional resources to clone?
Indeed.  The HS, plus the cloning process and demo with my people present  I will provide the materials required for the clone  implanting the clone into the HS, and delivering the boy.  Answer now  do not keep me waiting. [Im a little confused by this section. The way Im interpreting it, the terrorist group will provide the materials for the clone, and NET is doing everything else. I changed the punctuation to reflect that, but if I have the wrong idea, here, itll need to be formatted differently.]
For double the original amount, as we discussed previously, I can deliver.
Good.  Contact me when you are ready.  Make it soon.
The connection was dropped.
William moved the Eye to focus on Alfreds face.  He was sweating profusely.
Oh my G  Victoria was hyperventilating. He just agreed to give away 007, the genetic growth equipment and process, a demo clone  which means that barbarian is getting human tissues  implant the new organism in 007 and turn over Toby to those savages. 
Not give, sell, said William.  For a fortune, no doubt.
Hes about to use the stall for a sanctioned purpose, said Ben.
Shut it off! Victoria shouted, exasperated.
Ill bring 006 home, said Toby.  That will break the video connection.
Are there any doubts now?  Jacob asked, breaking his silence.
Im a believer, said 007.  Welcome back, Jacob.  And dont any of you think for a minute that I didnt know that HS1 is in 006 mode.  Nice work today Toby, you handled 006 exquisitely.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
Toby pulled the accelerometer suit over his body and zipped it shut.  Then he pulled on the black Tuxedo pants over the suit and slid into the white collared dress shirt.  The outfit was complete with a black jacket, bow tie and shiny black shoes.  He was sure the Tux was overkill.
Hurry, Toby, called Victoria, we need to leave soon.
Come on in, mom.
Victoria snapped the bowtie in place, fussed with it, then held the jacket up for him.
Are you picking up the data feeds from the suit?
Yes.
There, you look fine now.  Grab your shoes and lets go.
At Williams lab, a similar scene transpired, as HS1, currently known as 006, struggled with a Tuxedo that matched Tobys.  007 was examining a rubbery mask of Tobys face, complete with blond hair and smooth seven-year-old skin.
Your eyes wont match.  Oh, I wish you could talk.
His eyes, said William, entering the room, will match with these colored lenses.
Hello, William.  
William handed the lenses in a clear case to 007, who held them up to the mask. 
Finish up.  Toby and Victoria will be here soon.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
Jacob entered the NET corporate office building and walked down the narrow front hall, fully aware there were sensors scanning his retinas and fingerprints.  Because his records were not purged from the databases, the security system immediately recognized him.  There was no need for the lasers to tag him with an ID dot.  Outside, the day was overcast, and Jacobs eyes instinctively squinted as he emerged from the security hall into the bright spotlights of the huge glass, marble and chrome lobby.
An alert was generated by the security system and sent to Dr. Alfred Harland, notifying him that the deceased Dr. Jacob Crawford had just entered the main office.
When the occasional visitor entered the building and was either not recognized or not expected for the day, an alert would be sent to all administrative employees that an escort was needed in the lobby.  Because Alfred had placed a special alert in the system for Jacob, effectively overriding the default logic, no one else in the building was notified.  A deceased employee had never walked the halls of NET before.
Jacob had previously used his old login to analyze the security system and discovered Alfreds alert trigger, and, as such, expected no greeting.  After waiting a full minute for good measure, he began the old familiar walk toward Williams lab.
When Toby and Victoria walked into the conference room, 007 and William were having a heated debate over why 006 was the best dressed in the room.  As they approached, the commotion stopped immediately.  Toby and 006 looked like identical twins.
Theyre the same height, whispered Victoria.
I had him lowered by two inches, replied William.  Why are we whispering?
Well, thats just great, said 007.  Now Im the fourth best dressed person in the room.
The glass is always half full, said William.
Why thank you, 007, said Victoria, who looked stunning in her red dress and high heels.
He looks exactly like me, said Toby, looking back and forth between 006 and his own body.  006 mimicked Tobys actions, examining Toby and himself as if inspecting his new suit in a mirror.
Well, that should do, said Jacob, entering the room.

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
It was 2:00 PM Friday afternoon, and executive row was already empty.  Alfred had sent the administrative assistants home for the day.  It would be helpful to have one of them now, but there were too many people involved already.  He had six messages queued up on his CitComm and his visitors had just arrived in the parking lot.  Messages backing up on his CitComm somehow made him nervous.  Everyone expected an immediate response.  He could feel his heart racing.  To hell with them, they could wait.  Playing host to these visitors was enough stress to kill a horse.  He grabbed his suit jacket and headed for the lobby.  It wasnt until the elevator bell rang and the door opened silently onto the lobby that it struck Alfred: in his haste to get downstairs he had ridden the elevator.  It didnt matter, there was good cause.  He had taken the stairs twice today already.  
Toby directed one v10x CPU to create a streaming copy of all recorded security events for the afternoon in a hidden database on Williams network.  Hopefully it would establish a trail of incriminating evidence.  Alfred could not prevent the security systems from capturing the events of the afternoon, and hopefully he would not be able to find this hidden recording.  There was little doubt he would find and destroy the main recording.
Four visitors came from the airport in a rental car, parked in the space reserved for the Senior VP of Consulting Services, piled out and opened the door to the narrow security hall.  They paused to consider the unanticipated pecking order required to enter the single-file security hallway, clearly unhappy with the inconvenience.     
The diligent NET security sensors in the hall captured and recorded each visitors physical attributes and the groups agitated conversation, correctly identified the language as Bahasa Indonesia, translated it to English and stored both versions in the database.  
A large, overweight man approached them from across the open lobby, his strained movements pained and arthritic.  He was balding, out of breath, and flushed, as if hed just run to greet them. 
Gentlemen, I am Dr. Alfred Harland.
Alfred, you may call me Ahmad.  We are here for the deliverables as agreed.
Yes, well, pleased to meet you, Ahmad, and your associates, I presume, are here to witness a cloning operation and the subsequent implant?
Yes, indeed.  We prefer not to share names, but you may refer to my associates as Tom, Jerry and Bob.  Bob and I will observe the laboratory procedures, and if we are satisfied, another team will be called in to take delivery.
Tom and Jerry?
They are my personal escorts.  I require at least rudimentary security.
We have shared many messages over the past months, said Alfred.  Its good to finally meet you.
Ignoring the comment, Ahmad pointed over Alfreds shoulder.  Is that the boy?
Turning quickly in surprise, Alfred stared at Victoria and Toby, who had unexpectedly arrived behind him.  They were both dressed formally.  He recovered quickly, motioning for them to join the group. 
Allow me to introduce Victoria and Toby Crawford.
Ahmad closely examined both Victoria and Toby, equally intrigued by the familiarity of Victorias beauty and by the promise of Tobys abilities.  
Hello, young man, said Ahmad.
Hello, Toby said, taking Victorias hand.
Alfred has told me about your implant.  I would love to hear what you think of it.
Yes, said Alfred, Well, lets talk while we walk to the lower level lab, shall we?  Ahmad and his friends are investors, and they wish to examine our research facility and see where some of their money has gone.  Toby, can you lead the way, please?
Toby led Ahmad and Bob through the lobby to the elevator, followed by Tom and Jerry.  Alfred held Victoria by the arm, letting the group pass and get ahead of them. 
I asked you to join us later.  What are you doing here now, young lady?
Victoria lowered her voice.  Our deal was for a large sum of money, and you havent paid yet. 
Alfred started to speak, but Victoria waved him off and continued.
I know you wouldnt hold out on me, so theres some issue, Victoria stopped, turning to look Alfred directly in the eye, or youre having money problems.  William has assured me the technology is sound, so its the money, right?  You know my negotiation skills.  I can help you out here.
Alfred started to walk, pulling her arm to follow the group.
Ive always handled the funding on my own, and I dont know this group too well.
You do need me.
Victoria, now let me handle
I dont believe Ahmad is the same person youve been dealing with all these months.
Alfred stopped and stared at her.
You should check your messages, Victoria whispered as she pulled away from him, quickly catching the group and pushing toward Tobys side.
I dont know you, Toby said, eyeing the group as they walked.  Everyone but Ahmad seemed to be mute.  Youre from Indonesia I presume.
That is correct, said Ahmad.  How did you deduce that?
Ahmad spoke near perfect English, although the words seemed odd coming from him. Toby was trying desperately to hide his anxiety, which had to be apparent to those monitoring his suit.  They were outnumbered and these men could clearly overpower them. 
My mother worked there previously, NET had investors there, and you appear to be natives.
An interesting conclusion to draw based on limited information.
Nevertheless, I suspect I am correct, or you would have told me otherwise.
Tell me about the v10x.
It has provided me with a functioning short term memory.  Before the v10x I only knew what was immediately in front of me, or certain types of activities that happened a week or more in the past.  And some vague awareness Now I can recall the color of your eyes from two minutes ago, and the fear in Alfreds face when he saw mother.
You are an interesting young man.  I would enjoy a detailed discussion of your experience here and
Victoria was suddenly directly behind them, speaking loudly, Alfred, Im afraid Toby and I must return to Williams lab to retrieve the HS unit.  We were just taking a bathroom break when we stumbled onto you.
Of course, dear.  Bring 007 and William to the lower level and well show our guests what we do here.
Ahmad, it is good to see you again, said Victoria.  We will join you in the lab shortly.
Of course, Miss Crawford.  It is a privilege to see you again.
Victoria was shaken, expecting the two goons to shoot her or drag her away from Toby.  She took Toby by the hand and led him down a corridor beside the elevators.  When they were out of sight they ran all the way back to Williams lab.
You know Victoria? Alfred asked.
Yes, I was her lead researcher in Jakarta.  
What about her father?  Why did you
Other than the news reports, I know nothing of the ordeal with her father, Dr. Harland.  I am an engineer, here to study technology.
Why am I not dealing with?
You will deal with the appropriate people as required.  For now you have some technology to share with us.
These two, said Alfred, pointing to Tom and Jerry, you dont need them.  You are in no danger here, and youre clearly not here to receive the deliverables or exchange money.
I will direct the transaction as I see fit.  But you are correct, it appears we do not need the security.  Harming me is of no value to you.
Ahmad turned to Tom and Jerry and spoke a curt series of commands in a language Alfred did not recognize.  The two promptly turned and walked toward the exit. 
They will await me in the car, said Ahmad, walking into the open elevator.

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
Should we trap them in the elevator shaft?  Toby asked.
No, said Ben, Ahmad looks familiar to me.  I think he may have worked for Victoria.  He may not be the right guy.  Something doesnt feel right here.  I think we need to record a conversation about money and terms.
Youre right, said Jacob, but I dont think it could be Ahmad or Bob.
I know Ahmad, said Victoria, dashing into the room out of breath.  He used to work for me.
Alfred just split them up.  The two goons are heading back to the car, said William.  I suppose we could lock them out and call the cavalry.
Guys, said Jacob, we need more evidence.  Verbal money negotiations, at least.  I think if the main guy is here at all, hes one of the two goons.  Getting on an elevator is a huge risk; those two guys with Alfred are expendable.
Or maybe theyre holding all the bargaining chips right now, said Toby.  The other two were probably checking out our security systems somehow, and now theyre doing who knows what.
The all stopped and looked at him.
Were not safe in this building, said William.
Lets turn 006 over to them now.  Maybe we can even get one or more of them to leave if they think they have Toby, said Jacob.
Ill go out with him, said Victoria.
Dont be a fool, theyll take you too.
Ill send him out on his own now and make it look like Im running away, said Toby.
Yes, thats brilliant, said Jacob.  Turn on his transponder so we can track him, and make sure he has a mesh net connection as he exits the building.  NET can relocate devices that connect here.  Theyre likely to kidnap him if given half a chance.
006, wearing a black tuxedo, the mask and colored eye lenses from Mac, was Tobys twin.  Jacob was certain that casual acquaintances would not be able to tell them apart, even up close.  These buffoons wouldnt have a clue. 
Toby made a net connection to 006, enabled the video and audio feeds, and directed him to stand and walk the perimeter of the room.  Satisfied he had control of the HS, he directed the unit to the front parking lot through the facility map.  As 006 moved farther away, Toby enabled his mesh network connections, and new sensors in remote areas of the building and the parking lot came online.  Toby shared the video, audio and text console message feeds with the group.  For the first time they were exposed to the daunting amount of raw sensor data Toby was sifting through: dozens of video, audio, temperature, air quality, news transponder, NET business process, facility utility and security sensors were streaming measurements back at them in real time.  Not a word was said, but one by one they each stole glances at one another in amazement.
Jacob tore himself away from the wonder of Tobys networked world and got them back on track.
Get him down there double-time, run! said Jacob.  Then have him walk quickly out the front door, looking around, panicky.  Make sure the goons see him, and when 006 makes eye contact with them have him run toward the limo by the West door.

CHAPTER THIRTY
The elevator bell sounded and the door opened on the lower level.
Turn left here, said Alfred, pointing.  Please excuse me, I need to check my messages.
Five new messages.  The first three were problems  hed have to follow up, or maybe not depending on the next couple hours.  The fourth was an alert from security.  Before he could read it, a real-time security alert displayed  it was a video feed of someone running quickly through the lobby and out the security hall exit.  The security system contacted all administrators when anything it deemed a potential threat occurred on the premises, and running in the facility  especially after working hours  was deemed a security threat.
Alfred recognized the tuxedo and bouncy blond hair.  He fumbled with his CitComm, clawing at the touch sensitive pad, desperately trying to connect to the exterior security door camera, and simultaneously cancelled the alert, preventing the security system from contacting administrative personnel at home.
Is something wrong, Dr. Harland?  Ahmad said.
No, no!  Please make yourselves at home.  I mean, have some coffee.   I have an administrative issue to attend to, then I can give you my full attention.
The exterior camera image flashed onto Alfreds CitComm.  The automatic tracking software had Toby in focus, walking quickly away from the building and looking confused.  What was happening?  Alfred collapsed into a chair in the waiting area of the lower lab, unbuttoned his top shirt button, mopped his face with his hand, and then absently dried his hand on his pant leg.  He watched in horror as Toby stumbled directly toward the two Asians who were standing by their rental car.

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE
Toby was directing 006 flawlessly through the act, sobered by the realization that whatever was about to happen to 006 could easily happen to him.
Through 006s eyes, Toby could see the well-dressed Asian looking at him, first with surprise, then satisfaction, as he saw his opportunity.
Come here, Toby, the two previous mutes both called to him in perfect English, which was heard by Alfred  through the security sensors  and William, Ben, Jacob, Toby and Victoria  through 006s ears and parking lot security sensors.
Alfred winced.
Run to the limo, cried William.
Toby directed 006 to turn, stumble for effect, then catch himself and run into the setting sun across the parking lot.  The Asians were after him.
006 held a commanding lead on them, but Toby let most of it evaporate by the time the limo was reached.  Toby directed 006 to fight with the rear door handle, which he was hoping to find locked.
Damn!  Its open!  Toby cried.
Its okay, make him jump inside, Jacob said.
Toby could hear the Asians footsteps running toward 006, he directed the HS to turn and look at them.
Hey Toby, stop, called the larger one in the lead.
006 turned, pulled the door open, and dove flat into the limo, his feet dangling out the door.  First one, then both grabbed 006, pulling him out of the car, then promptly let him go, standing close, trapping him against the car.
Alfred could see but no longer hear the action.
Toby, we mean you no harm.  Please relax.  You are among friends here.  The Asian on the left, the smaller of the two, in the designer suit, was talking.  My name is Mohammed, and this is Mohan.  Are you ill?  Why did you run?
006 remained mute, with a frightened look on his face, glancing around nervously, not looking at his captors.
Young man, you are terrified.  Please calm yourself.  Come with me.  
The three walked side-by-side back to the rental car.
Toby, I have supplied a great deal of money to Alfred for your care throughout your life here at NET.  You must trust that I have your best interests at heart.
Are you recording this? Jacob asked.
Toby simply nodded, focusing intensely on the data feeds.
Do you hunger?
006 nodded.
Mohan, take Toby out to eat and get him anything he wants.  You would like a cheeseburger, french fries and a chocolate milk shake, no?
006 nodded.
Mohammed spoke to Mohan in Bahasa Indonesia, which Toby quickly translated through a link to the security system.
He told him to take Toby back to the airport, said Toby.
Cooperate, said Jacob, go along with him.  It takes one of them out of here and we can track them.
Okay, both the transponder and an external net connection are up and healthy.
Mohan directed 006 into the passenger seat and closed the door.  Mohammed took a small case from the trunk, said something to Mohan, and returned to the building as the car pulled away.
Get a close-up still shot of this guy coming in, said Jacob.  Lets see if we can start a search and figure out who he really is.
Why are they using Indian names? Toby asked.  Theyre not from India.

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO
Alfred slumped back into the chair.  They had taken Toby.  Why would they do that without even knowing his abilities?  Why was Toby leaving the building in the first place?  Where were Victoria, and the rest of the team, for that matter, while Toby was out wandering around?
Alfreds breathing had become labored.  His chest felt heavy, almost painful, he removed four antacid tablets from his jacket pocket popped them into his mouth  acid reflux again.
How can I salvage this? he thought.  His CitComm slipped from his lap and clattered onto the tile floor.  Alfred gazed down across his rumpled suit, unable to see the CitComm, his body blocking the view.  What was the alert message from security?  Victoria thought it was important.  Alfred fought himself into an upright position where he could see the CitComm.  It was lying face up, and he could read the fourth message:
JACOB CRAWFORD - CATEGORY: EMPLOYEE, DECEASED
ENTERED NET CORP MAIN SECUIRTY COORIDOOR AT 12:16 PM.
Alfred recognized the security alert he had set up.  It must be a glitch in the system.  Jacob was dead.   Alfreds health had decayed rapidly over the past year, fueled by the fear of being implicated in his death.  There hadnt been any known problems with the security system for months; perhaps these terrorists where playing out some strategy.  They certainly were entering and exiting the building as they pleased.  One of them was coming back in now, based on the video feed from the security camera two minutes ago.  If this was correct, Jacob had been in the building all afternoon
Jacob could not be alive.  Setting up the alert in the first place was simply covering all the bases and keeping the security system up to date, Alfred told himself.  He stretched to pick up the CitComm, then stood.  It was time to visit Williams lab.
Im going to retrieve the HS and my researchers, Alfred said, addressing his visitors across the hall.  I will return shortly.
Ahmad nodded at him from the sofa and raised his coffee cup in acknowledgement.
Alfred shuffled out the door, thinking perhaps this was just a game of cat and mouse.  Tom and Jerry!  His heart couldnt take this stress combined with running all over the building, this fact he was sure his guests appreciated.  Surely, none of this was an accident.  Toby was scared into leaving the building without one of the adults; clearly something had gone wrong in Williams lab.
Maybe Jacob was alive.  Hell, maybe he was one of them.  This whole thing, starting with his faked death, could have been engineered to steal the technology and sell it on his own.  In that case there had to be others involved.  Had he been played from the beginning  from Jacobs trip to Jakarta?  An attorney had convinced him it was essential for Jacob to make the trip.  Which attorney?
Alfred turned the corner to the lobby, deep in thought, and almost ran into Tom  or was it Jerry?
Dr. Harland, let us go somewhere we can safely discuss the terms of our deal.
You realize of course that we have security cameras.  I witnessed you kidnapping Toby.
Dr. Harland, please, my associate is taking him out for a cheeseburger.
To the airport?
May we please go to a more secure area to discuss the deliverables?
Yes, of course, sighed Alfred.  I suppose I have no choice.
We always have choices, Dr. Harland, and you have had many choices throughout our negotiations thus far.  Even now, you could choose to simply walk out of the building and leave me to pick up the pieces, but your time for choices is drawing short.
We can go to my office.  Its upstairs.  Alfred turned toward the elevators.
You may call me Mohammed.  You and I have shared many messages through some of this technology over the past months, but I have a prophecy: our dealings are drawing to a close as well.
Alfred pushed the button to summon the elevator.
Your office is on the second floor, no?  Near the top of the stairs?
That is correct.  Where did you get that information?
I will take the stairs, if you dont mind, said Mohammed, ignoring the question and trotting up the first few steps.  I will meet you in your office.
Alfred quickly pulled out his CitComm and attempted to send a message to William.  The connection had been sporadic at best since William had taken his network off the backbone; no direct connection to William now, either.  What a fool Ive been, thought Alfred.  Next he connected to the security system, his CitComm automatically authorizing his credentials, verifying that it was truly him holding the CitComm.  This was done through several seemingly redundant checks based on sensors available in the area.  It was amazing to Alfred that this system worked at all.  He opened the security locator service, asking for the identity and location of all people currently in the building.  It listed himself on the elevator, a visitor on the second floor near his office, two more visitors near the lower level lab, then Victoria, Ben, William, Jacob and another visitor, all with last known location outside Williams lab.  
Alfred had a bout of nausea that nearly made his knees buckle.  Jacob was in the building.

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE
Victoria was the first to notice Mohammed on the second floor looking into Alfreds office. 
Look, she called out, pointing to her display.  He must have run up the stairs without Alfred.
Alfred is in the elevator now, door open on the first floor, said 007.
Does he have a pulse?  Jacob asked, as he paced around the room.
We cannot see him.  He seems to be fine based on the sensors, although his pulse is ragged, said Toby.
Mohammed backed away from Alfreds office door, looked up and down the hallway, and then entered the executive washroom.
The Eye!  said Toby.  Its connected now through the mesh.  006 must have left a connection in place somehow.  The motion sensors have fired, and he appears to be moving. Well be able to see him if he enters the stall.  
Toby broadcasted the video feed from the Eye to their CitComms.  Immediately they could see the stall door open, and a shadow as Mohammed entered.  He took a step forward, coming into full view as Toby focused the eye.  He then pulled a small pistol out of his jacket breast pocket and another object from the side pocket.  
Hes attaching a silencer to a pistol, said Ben.
We cant just let him murder Alfred, said Victoria.
Jacob cleared his throat, looking intensely at her.  We need more information, and maybe he only intends to scare him.
Victoria rolled her eyes and joined him pacing the room.  Mohammed was back in the hall again when Alfreds elevator arrived.  Alfred walked off the elevator, hesitated, and turned to look back at the open door.  After a long moment, the two walked to Alfreds office without comment.
I invested 20 million dollars to recruit Jacob Crawford to lead our combined technology teams.  He was to lead the teams.   
Mohammed was pacing in front of Alfreds desk.  Alfred sat down at his desk, remaining silent.
Your friendship clouded your judgment, and you shared too many details with Dr. Crawford.  The teams had enough talent to deliver the tools, they only needed a leader.  But Dr. Crawford had to be eliminated, thanks to you.
So you had Jacob killed?
Technically, you did, Alfred.  Mohammed slammed his hand against a chair.  It was your choice to involve him in our business.  He was a technologist and needed to remain as such.
I could have told others.
But you did not.  Jacob was at one time your closest friend.  You have no other friends or family, and youre too greedy to pass this payday.  You have one last choice to make, Alfred.  Mohammed pulled the pistol out and pointed it at Alfreds chest.
The security monitors are reporting that Alfred is having a heart attack, said Toby.
There was a gunshot  deafening even over the audio sensors  as the front of Alfreds desk splintered and Mohammed fell.  Alfred slumped forward in slow motion, his head coming to rest on the desk.
Alfred shot him through the desk, said Toby. That sounded like a cannon  I think Mohammed is gone   Alfred seems fine for the moment, but someone should get to him now.
Toby, stop the security system from reporting this alert, said Jacob.  Were not ready for company yet.
007 left the room on a dead run, heading toward Alfreds office.
Toby, said Jacob, whats going on with 006 right now?
Hes fine, said Toby.  On his way to the airport like they said.  Lets focus on Alfred.
Right, said Ben, rushing out of the room.  Ill get up there and help Alfred.
Toby, said Jacob, Victoria and I are going to the lower level to handle our other two visitors.  Alfred will be in the best hands possible when Ben gets there.  Stay here no matter what happens, and stay in touch.  Well need you to get through this.
Shouldnt I call for medical help?
Not yet.  Alfred cannot be in better hands than Dr. Bens right now.  If he needs help hell get someone here, but we cannot take the risk of getting others involved until this building is secure.
Im going to find out what was in that briefcase Mohammed brought into the building, said William.  It seems to have disappeared.  Ill be in the rear lab storage room  I want to use the computers back there.  Ill stay in touch with Toby.
Jacob and Victoria left the lab.  William went to the back.
007 reached Alfred a full minute before Ben.  Mohammed was face down on the floor, a small streak of blood seeping from beneath him.  007 kicked the silenced pistol to the wall, then placed his hand around Alfreds wrist, feeling for a pulse.  He was weak, but still alive.
Alfred rolled his eyes forward, looked at 007, and reached for him.  Tell them, he wasnt the one.
Alfreds words were broadcast through 007 to the team.
Ben reached Alfreds office out of breath, rushed in, took Alfreds pulse, then sat down, looking at his old friend slumped over his desk.  The empty, familiar feeling returned.  A patient, this time an old friend, was slipping away, and nothing could be done. 
Toby is calling me back, said 007.
What about him? asked Ben, tilting his head toward Mohammed.
Hes gone too.
Go on back to Toby then, Ill take care of this.  Take that pistol back to Williams lab and hide it someplace safe.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR
Toby had a plan of his own.  They needed 006 back.
You know how to drive, right? Toby asked 007.
Violence, said 007, is so much different than it seems in the movies
007, do you drive? 
I am an accomplished driver, yes.  I should be able to hold my own in a variety of race competitions, but William is content for some of my skills to remain theoretical.
Today you get your chance on city streets.  Have you driven around town with William?
No, but Im an expert on several driving simulators.  Im sure I can navigate city streets safely.  After some real experience, perhaps Ill suggest a night out with Jenny.
Come on, lets go.  Do you know where the keys to the limo are?
Of course, theyre right where the chauffeur left them.
Thank you, Einstein.  Can you find them?
Of course, but I dont need the keys to operate the limousine.  Its on its own mesh net and I have full access, including all the on-board security systems.  They just never let me take her out for a spin.
Her?  Toby left the lab on a run with 007 on his heels.
They arrived in the lobby, both noticeably winded.  007 overrode his central control monitor to match Tobys respiration.
Toby, William called from his CitComm, I have good reason to suspect that brief case contains a bomb.  You guys sit tight in my office.  Im going to research a bit further, and then go find it.
Okay, said Toby, working fast.  He broke the security systems connection to his and 007s identification, and forced their last known location, Williams lab, to show as their current location.  Anyone checking on them would think they had stayed in the lab.
What you doing, young man? asked 007.
Mohammed came into the building with a case of some type.  Maybe his gun was inside the case  it couldnt be scanned, so we dont know what was inside.  He didnt have a gun the first time he entered.
Im sure the case is behind one of the planters, said 007, walking behind a Ficus.
Youre right, its here, and its heaver than he made it look, said Toby, hauling a small brown leather briefcase from behind a planter.
You cant scan this and determine whats inside can you?  We would have to open it?
Yes, to both, said 007, backing away a bit and looking doubtfully at Toby.
This is likely a bomb.  Lets just get it out of here.  007, bring the limo around to this entrance.
Where are we going? 
To the airport.  Were bringing back 006.  Im blocking the security system from tracing our exit from the building.  Theyll think were in the lab the whole time.
Okay.  But you realize this is a completely unsanctioned activity, said 007.
Come on, its time to put your driving skills into practice, and what better time could there be?  Ill be right out.  Hurry.
What about the briefcase?
Well leave it in the middle of the parking lot.  This shared lot is huge, several miles, actually.  Well set one of the security cameras to record and alert us with any activity.
007 ran out the security entrance.  Toby stayed behind, looking around the lobby, thinking.  He didnt want their exit to be seen by anyone.  He could erase the recordings, but the security database tracing of their whereabouts took time to access and clean up.  Disconnecting their identities should have helped; hed erase the video evidence and hope anyone tracking them wouldnt have time to dig further.  
Toby heard a racing engine and squealing tires, and rushed outside in time to see 007 lock up the brakes on the limo, stopping at the end of the sidewalk.  Toby ran to the limo, clawed the rear door open, and jumped inside.  The smell of burnt rubber was heavy.
I didnt know a limo could do that.
Like most of NET assets, this is no ordinary limo.  I was just having fun.  I presume youll delete that recording.  I must drive conservatively after we leave NET property to avoid drawing attention.
While were still on NET property, lets make haste.  I want to get back before anyone discovers we left.
Making haste, said 007, turning the limo sharply away from the curb and flooring it. Make haste!  You really should use terminology from your own generation.
Whatever.  Just get us to the airport.  Go to the private entrance; I think 006 is in the private plane hangar.  You should be able to get this NET asset through the security.  Just act like you know what youre doing.
A minute later they stopped in the middle of the parking lot, and Toby set the briefcase down in plain view of a security camera.  They left quickly, and as they entered the city streets, 007 reprogrammed the security system to send alerts to each of them if anything changed near the briefcase, and also a general alert of a suspicious object in the parking lot to the security firm 24 hours later.
What exactly is the plan, young Toby?
Mohammed and the goon at the airport are clearly assassins, the security detail, and Ahmad is apparently Alfreds contact for this deal.  Im not sure what Victoria and Jacob know about Ahmad, but they can handle those two for a while.  You, 006 and I are the main bargaining chips now.  The clone process is not going to happen in that basement lab.  We have the most power if all three of us are together.  I think we can take the goon at the airport out of the picture, then deal with the other two without worrying theyre going to kill everyone.
Now what are these red, yellow and green lights at the intersections?
What!
Just teasing you, said 007, giggling like a school girl.  Relax.  Well arrive, in style, in eleven minutes.  I have a fix on 006s position, and youre right.  We should be able to get right up to the hanger; I just dropped my identity into the airport gate security database.  Apparently, Ive been a driver for NET for five years now.  Perhaps we have time to stop at a mens shop, I feel underdressed.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE
Alfreds pulse stopped, said Jacob.  I think hes gone.
Victoria heard, but didnt answer.  They were walking slowly down the stairs to the lower level, and Victoria was thinking about the old days with their friend.  Alfred had been an accomplished and admired leader, and a close friend to many, but that was years ago.  How could such an incredible human being allow this to happen, actually engineer such a thing?
Ahmad?  Victoria groaned.  He was Alfreds contact?
Apparently.  How clumsy of me not to have noticed.
Dad, the business climate there was so strange, she was looking at Jacob, trying to read him, how could we have known?  Besides, I was the one running that office, and apparently this happened right under my nose.
It was my business, and my responsibility to know, said Jacob.
I worked with the man for three years Victorias voice cracked, trailing off.  She was thinking of the bomb in Jakarta, and of Toby.
Its going to be fine.  Well lock these two in the basement and call the authorities.  I just want to get the story out of Ahmad first.  You need to be strong through this.  Im going to play the tough guy.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX
The NET limo was passed through the private jet gateway without issue.  007s identity was on file with the airport security system, which matched the database record to the bio identification the private gate security sensors reported as the limo approached.  They pulled up just outside a row of hangers, their sensors showing 006 sitting inside the third hanger.
Toby connected to the video feed from 006, seeing through 006s eyes.  The Asian was nowhere in sight.  The room was small: one desk, three chairs, one window looking out over the parking lot, and quiet Chinese music in the background.
Were keeping this simple, said Toby.  006 is right inside that hanger, third window down.
Well, that is simple.  Just like that brain dead bag of bolts.  This probably isnt worth whatever risk were taking.  We could just leave him.
Its show time now.  Stop fooling around.
Certainly, young master Toby.
Toby connected remotely to airport security monitor via the hanger mesh communication network, pretending to be the dedicated airport security transponder located in private hanger three, and dropped a message:
ALERT  ALERT  ALERT
VIOLENT CRIME ALERT PRIVATE JET HANGER 3...
HATHAWAY CENTER
BROKEN EXTERIOR WINDOW OFFICE 3...
ASIAN IN BLACK SUIT WITH HAND GUN
Turn the car around slowly, leave no tire marks.  Back up to the second office window.
007 complied, the rear bumper of the limo just even with the window.
Toby checked 006s view.  The room was still empty, the quiet music the only sound.  
Lets see if they like some American music.  Toby passed the commands to 006.
With a loud crash, 006 came flying feet first out the office window, landing in a heap on his side in the grass below the window.  He casually stood, brushed shards of glass off the tuxedo, shook his hair, then opened the rear door of the limo, sat down across from Toby, and closed the door.
007, drive away calmly and quickly.  Exit the way we came in, and dont speak to anyone unless you absolutely have to.  Lets get back to NET.
Indeed, master Toby.  I see no human activity within 100 yards of this location.  I certainly hope that fine suit wasnt damaged.
Toby looked across at 006, still his twin, smiling back at him and appearing completely at ease.  The HS still looked presentable and eerily like himself.  William could pull off some strange feats.
See if you can erase any evidence of our presence here from the airport security camera records, 007.
Not a problem at all  I must say, extracting 006 certainly was a simple operation.
Toby stripped off his clothes and handed the accelerometer suit to 006.
Put this on
Hes not a complete dolt, said 007, laughing.  The security cameras only show a finely dressed young man entering hanger three with the Asian.  He strategically kept his face from showing on multiple cameras.
Toby, it was William calling on the CitComm, I just received an alert that your accelerometer suit reset and recently exited the airport security gate.
Well, said Toby, momentarily weighing the risks of telling William the plan through the network, thats where I am.  We just rescued 006, and well be back at NET in 8 minutes.
What?  Whos with you?
007.
The security system shows you in my lab.  You shouldnt have left without telling me.
You wouldnt have let me go.
Thats right, its too dangerous.  Is 007 driving a car?
Yes, the limo.  Were out of the airport now, and all three of us will be there shortly.  Tell me about the briefcase.
William sighed deeply.  There was nothing to do now but wait and worry about them getting back.
I watched the security videos from the hotel bombing in Jakarta, said William.  A physically identical briefcase was used in that bombing.  Of course, I dont know yet that we have a bomb here.  Also, the bomb in the hotel wasnt that big; a similar-sized explosion here wouldnt be nice, but if it remained in the lobby, damage would be minimal.  Our lobby is armored, walled off from the rest of the facility.
Is that all?
No.  Also, the security system captured a conversation snippet, and translated Mohammed saying to the goon who went to the airport something to the effect of, no one will escape this one, as he patted the brief case.
Okay.
Im going to retrieve the case and try to scan it again in the back parking lot.
That wont be possible, said Toby.
Why not?
I believe whatever is in that case cannot be good.  It is likely a bomb.  Its currently sitting 7,224 feet away from NET main entrance, under security camera P213.
In the parking lot?  Dont tell me you put it there.
Oh, said 007, I love these conversations.  Okay, he wont tell you.
Silence, 007, William roared.
007 sat back in the drivers seat, raised his eyebrows, and looked over his shoulder at Toby.
007, keep your eyes on the road, Toby hissed.  Do you have a better idea of what to do with it? 
William was silent for several seconds.  No.  Just get back here without drawing any attention to yourselves.  Dont get sidetracked, come straight back here.  

CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN
Deciding there was nothing immediate that could be done, and that the area was secure, Ben left Alfreds office and headed toward the lower level lab.
Victoria and Jacob entered the lower level, looking for the two Asians.  Ahmad and his partner were still sitting on the couch, drinking their coffee and looking bored.
Good afternoon, Victoria, said Ahmad.  They both stood to address their hosts.  
Who is your friend? asked Jacob.
Ahmad, recognizing Jacob a second too late, replied, Prasad, he
Without warning and in one fluid motion, Jacob flipped Prasads coffee up into his face, grabbed him by the collar with both hands, stepped past him toward the open conference room door and forcefully threw the man into the room.  
Take one step out of this room and youre leaving here in a body bag, Jacob shouted.
The man was lying flat on his back, his coffee-drenched face dripping onto his jacket, holding his hands up and shaking his head when Jacob slammed the conference room door shut.  Victoria was sure she heard something break in the door frame.  Either the man knew no English or was in shock, but clearly he understood the intent of Jacobs aggression.
Victoria raised her eyebrows, nodded approvingly, and looked at Ahmad.  I think Ill let Daddy handle you, too.
Now Ahmad, said Jacob, or whatever your name is, you are going to tell us why youre here.
Victoria watched Jacob closely; he had acted with shocking speed and power in dispatching Ahmads associate, then calmly confronted Ahmad without blinking.  She was unnerved by the swiftness of his actions and the control her father was displaying.
Ahmad replied with equal coolness,  I have come here as Dr. Alfred Harlands guest to witness the electronic to bio organism cloning technique you perfected, Dr. Crawford, and to collect the fruit of my investments.  You are looking well for a dead man.  Everyone believes you died last year.  
You tried to kill me.
Yes, I did arrange the details.  The plan was to kill you both.  Ahmad let his eyes wander over Victoria.
Victoria was trembling, fighting an overwhelming urge to run and find Toby.  She mirrored Jacobs composure, willing her emotions to not betray her.
You so helpfully chose to meet your father at the hotel.  I didnt believe you were dead, Jacob, but after several weeks it didnt matter.  You both knew enough to cause us problems, but you didnt act.
We worked together for three years, said Victoria.  I trusted you.
Trust is a weakness.
As you can see, said Jacob, the plan has changed; there will be no exchange today.
You are gravely mistaken, doctor.  I already have one of your assets.
Your two guards are no longer with us.  Your protection is gone.
I am never without contingency plans, even if that were true.
Mohammed is dead.  Your other friend has returned to the airport, with a worthless robot, and even that is being returned to us now.  Your friend at the airport will be in the hands of security by now.  Your team has been disarmed and separated.
Mohammed is a professional.  At this time your beloved NET headquarters has been rigged with enough explosives to level the entire block.
Victoria checked her CitComm for Tobys location.  It indicated that he and 007 were in Williams lab.
Your idle threats have no effect on me, and you are in no position to bargain further.  We are turning you over to the authorities.
I do not think you will do that.  I have enough evidence against both you and your dear friend Alfred to expose the illegal operations of your company.  Tell me, Dr. Crawford, what was your strategy in playing dead all these months?  
Tell me about your deal with Alfred.
Bring the coward to me.
Alfred died of a heart attack after he killed your professional.
You are a liar. 
Alfred shot Mohammed, in self-defense, and then suffered a heart attack.  Here is a recording of the event.
Jacob took Victorias CitComm and allowed Ahmad to see the video of Mohammed pulling a gun on Alfred in his office, the explosion as the desk splintered out, and Mohammed falling to the floor. 
Ahmad sighed, folded his hands, and looked at them pensively.
Mohammed was acting alone.  There was no reason to threaten Alfred further, he was ready to turn everything over to us and retire a rich old fool.
When you, too, are killed in self defense, this will be over  Sit down Ahmad.  Youre going to tell me everything you know, then Ill decide what to do with you.
Ahmad calmly sat down.
Your dearly departed Dr. Harland was a criminal.
Tell us something we dont know, said Victoria.
It was not his plan to kill the two of you, it was mine.
Its nice youre being honest, said Jacob, but admitting that is not going to help you.
I always speak the truth, and as I have explained, no one is getting out of this building alive, unless I allow it.
While you were down here relaxing, many things happened, as I have explained, said Jacob.
Regaining her confidence, Victoria asked, Why did you plan to kill us on your own?  You could have permanently killed the technology as well.
I weighed that risk, and it was unlikely, but the risk of this becoming international headline news, which none of us can afford, was greater.  I prevented the possibility of an intelligence leak, and the technology has been completed by the team without you.  I was close to you.  I knew the team could complete this work.  The new technology was already discovered, it just had to be applied.
The technology has been applied? Victoria asked, feigning surprise, looking to Jacob.
Please, Miss Crawford, I am not an amateur.
Ben entered from the stairwell and crossed the room slowly, ignoring the others.  He appeared ready to strangle Ahmad.
Control yourself, Dr. Pickerington, said Ahmad.  Remember your oath.  Its not in your nature to take life.
Ben is a supremely capable man, said Jacob.
Youre out of time, Ahmad, said Ben taking another stride forward.
Wait, Ben, said Jacob, we need to extract more details.
And apparently you need a reminder of the bomb Mohammed planted, said Ahmad.  Do you believe Im acting alone?  There are several parties  in Asia alone  keenly interested in this technology.  If I do not return, you will have other, less humane, visitors.  
At that moment, an explosion rocked the building.  The lights blinked several times, then remained off.  The building rocked enough to knock them all off balance.  Victoria squatted, placing her hands flat on the floor.  Loud noises came from throughout the building as items crashed off shelves in surrounding rooms.  There were shuffling sounds nearby and Victoria felt a breeze  something had crossed in front of her.  An emergency light around the corner came on, but did not illuminate their room.  Footsteps could be heard in the stairwell near the elevator.
Hes running, said Victoria.
Stay here, Ben called out, already at the stairwell.  Were after him.
The stairwell door slammed shut, then re-opened.  Victorias stomach dropped and she strained to hear, remaining perfectly still.
Victoria, said Ben, contact Toby and 007, we need them now.
Not Toby.
Toby can stay in the lab, he can direct a search, but 007 should be able to track Ahmad down.
The stairwell door slammed shut again and he was gone.  Jacob had apparently entered the stairs before Ben.
Ten seconds later, the lights came back on.  Victoria listened to the fans power up.  She was still squatting, with her hands on the floor, directly between the chair Ahmad had been sitting in a moment earlier and the stairwell door.  Ahmad had passed directly in front of her, and a disturbing image flashed into her mind of Ahmad trying to hit her as he ran past, only missing because she had squatted to the floor.  She listened, but the building was silent.
Suddenly the stairwell door burst open, and 007 ran into the room.
You are a sight for sore eyes, said Victoria.
007, smiling devilishly and trying to look suave, replied, Theres eyewash in the lab.  Do you require medical attention?
Never mind.  Wheres Toby?
Toby is in the lobby.  He directed a valiant rescue of 006, then we moved the bomb to the parking lot and detonated it there.  You know, hes really quite capable of taking care of himself.
Victoria stared at him in disbelief.
By the way, one of our visitors is cowering under the conference room table over there.  We should stay here and secure the area.  Ahmad has no place to run.

CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT 
Toby sat calmly in the dark behind a planter in the lobby opposite the stairwell.  The local battery-backed sensors still connected to the mesh network in the area carried identification tags, originating from the security system, for each person and HS in the building.  The room was dark, but he could plainly see enough console text messages to understand that Ahmad was stumbling his way up the stairs from the lower level.  Jacob appeared close behind him.  Ben and Victoria were still on the lower level.  
Toby had placed 006, who still looked like his twin brother, strategically in the middle of the lobby.  007 was leaning against the wall between the elevators and the stairwell on the opposite side of the room.
They heard Ahmad stumble out of the stairwell into the dark lobby and stop, apparently orienting himself to the room.  A full second later, a new sensor in the lobby reported his arrival.  At that instant, Toby restored the electric power to the building.
The bright spotlights came on in the grand lobby, reflecting off the glass and chrome fixtures.  Ahmad squinted and spotted 006 directly in front of him.
Toby, we must leave now, they are trying to blow up the building, Ahmad said.
Toby sent the command, and 006 turned toward the security entrance, with Ahmad close behind.
Jacob slipped silently through the stairwell door.  Toby stood, holding his finger to his lips, motioning to be quiet.  Luckily, Jacob spotted him from across the lobby.   
Toby directed 007 to run to the lower level to check on Victoria, and simultaneously switched to the video feed connection from 006s eyes.  He watched, first person, as 006 moved forward, approaching the narrow security scanner hall.  006 reached the security hall and plunged down its length, stopping at the front exterior glass doors as directed.  The parking lot was a crater with several cars randomly strewn about.  The rental their visitors had brought was teetering on the edge of a large crack extending from the crater.  Toby directed 006 to turn around and face Ahmad, who had just entered the hall.
As Ahmad passed into the scanner hall, Toby triggered the facility-wide security shutdown procedure.  A two-inch glass wall dropped from the ceiling on both ends of the scanner security hall, trapping Ahmad.
Toby stood, walked toward the lobby-side security wall, looking at Ahmad from behind while viewing the video broadcast from 006.  Ahmads eyes were filled with hate as he pounded the wall in front of 006, shouting obscenities in accented English.
Toby broadcast the video feed from 006 to the others for a moment, then shut down 006 and set him to restart in HS1 mode.  006 entered the passive state of looking alive but not really being there during the reboot.  Ahmad was ranting incoherently when 006 blinked and focused on Toby at the opposite end of the hall for a moment.  Ahmad noticed this and looked over his shoulder, immediately stopped shouting, and turned pale.

CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE
They all gathered in the lobby.  Jacob had returned to the lower level for Victoria, and they entered the lobby arm-in-arm, talking quietly.  007 followed them, leading Prasad by a plastic tie binding his wrists.  007 and Jacob locked Prasad in the security scanner hall with Ahmad.  The airport security office reported detaining an Asian on weapons charges.
Sorry about the bomb.  Toby convinced me it was our best alternative, said William.
You set off the bomb on purpose? asked Victoria.
Yes.
We have so much explaining to do, said Victoria.  Terrorists, a bomb, two dead men and one returned from the dead.
The bomb was rigged, said Toby.  It would detonate if tampered with, or in 72 hours.  Luckily, William detected the timer.  For whatever reason, Ahmad planned to wipe out NET.
These people are insane, said Jacob.  Did they really think they could just steal and operate this technology for long on their own?  Were not dealing with the best and brightest, here.
007 detected a low-level radio signal communicating on a secure connection within the briefcase.  Someone far away, probably another country, was monitoring the unit.  Perhaps they were going to detonate it manually, said Toby.
They all paused, considering the implications  that others may be seeking the technology.  Ahmad had said as much.
Anyways, it was apparent detonating the bomb would be a great diversion, said Toby, and it would be safer to detonate it when the entire area is uninhabited, so we couldnt wait until Monday.  Setting the bomb off would draw in the local authorities and remove the danger of killing anyone nearby.  Other than ourselves, there was no one within a two-mile radius of the bomb.  007 had calculated that the blast would do the most damage within a one-half-mile radius.  The parking lot and some power lines would be damaged.  Hopefully we didnt break any windows.
We could have called in a bomb squad to defuse it, said Victoria.
We thought of that, but these particular bombs are most notorious for killing bomb squads, said William.  That was the final straw.
We simply set up our trap here, said 007, then broadcast the entire low-band frequency to the briefcase, hoping it would trigger the detonation.  Apparently, it worked.  Or, possibly, Ahmad sent off a signal somehow and they detonated it remotely.  I dont think well ever know, but its most likely that we triggered it.  Oh, and the blast didnt disrupt the power in the building, that was me, and you should feel assured that the backup generators are persistent.
Upgrading HS1 seemed to pay off, said Ben, and honestly, I cannot tell these two apart.
Victoria hugged Toby so hard he could hardly breathe.  Im so proud of you.
Toby was misty-eyed, with one arm around Jacob, the other around Victoria.
Id still be in a lab someplace if it wasnt for you guys.
THE END

AFTERWORD
Contrary to Jacobs thinking, Ahmad had planned the bombing in Jakarta on his own, to protect his investment with NET and keep his name out of the newspapers if Jacob went public.  Alfred was not directly involved in that plan, other than associating with Ahmad in the first place and taking his money, which turned out to be substantial.  After overhearing Ahmads plans to remove Jacob, a loyal Crawford employee in the Jakarta office set up the attorney visit with a    friend in an attempt to keep at least Victoria away from the Marriot on the day of the bombing.  Unwittingly, she almost got both Victoria and Jacob killed.
The year following his reported death in Jakarta, Dr. Jacob Crawford was a busy man.  Much of Jacobs time that year was devoted to discreetly directing Tobys early network experiences.
In addition to monitoring and influencing Williams research remotely, Jacob devised a plan to regain control over his research.  He had two college buddies who had disappeared twenty years earlier, and who were rumored to have entered the FBI, although nobody knew for sure.  After hitting multiple dead-ends trying to find his two friends, Jacob took a calculated risk and met with a casual acquaintance from the bureau, and opened with the typical I have a friend with a problem story.  As expected, he was advised to trust the bureau and disclose the full nature of the situation, enlisting their help.  A month of negotiations later, the FBI was salivating at the thought of obtaining this technology and its primary creators.  Jacob refused to cooperate unless his two college friends could be located and brought into the deal.  One friend, Frank, was available.  The other was confirmed to have entered the bureau around the reported time, but they would give him no further information.
Jacob played along, disclosing everything to Frank: his research, NET and Alfreds operation.  He had always intended his research to become public domain.  His concern now was that that plan would somehow get botched by Alfred, the government or both parties.
Unknown to everyone, it was Frank, posing as a foreign intelligence agent, who convinced Alfred to turn Toby over to Victoria Crawford, to nurse him through the bio organism implant, hopefully accelerating the research.  The FBI wouldnt think twice about stealing Alfreds golden eggs, if only they could be produced.  It had been Alfreds idea to pay Victoria for the service, which he never did.  Alfred didnt know the true identity of the foreign contact he negotiated with, and didnt catch on when Frank inserted himself into the negotiations.  From the beginning, Victoria saw the bio memory implant solely as a means to give Toby a more normal life, hopefully leading to a way to extract him from the laboratories of NET.
Frank watched, in near-real-time, Tobys recording of the events, starting with Alfreds final negotiation to the effects of the bomb detonation, a few moments after they occurred.  After the blast, Frank sent a team in to clean Alfreds office, the NET security system, and remove Jacob and his team from the facility.  The explosion and the crater in the parking lot were attributed to a gas leak.  A small group of local authorities were entrusted to work with the bureau to cover up inconvenient inconsistencies, such as the fact that no gas lines existed in the NET parking lot.
Jacob was in deep with the FBI.  However, the technology required his entire extended team to operate, and they couldnt all be brought under control of the bureau.  Key parts of the technology were incomplete, and required industry specialists and development only possible through commercialization.  The technical hurdles, the excuses, went on and on.  The science was too deep for the government analysts brought in with the unofficial goal of removing the hurdles this group of scientists was imposing on the bureau.  Jacob convinced Frank the golden eggs did not exist, or at least could not be practically harvested yet.  Eventually the FBI found higher priority projects and walked away.
Jacobs interest in NET was quietly dissolved in court, with the help of his new friends, allowing him to re-assemble his team and his business, this time as research consultants.  Most of his original team remained ignorant of the preceding events.  Ben and William both held lead roles in Jacobs new organization, Crawford Research Partners.  Both 006 and 007 filled lead positions as well, setting a new precedent of humans working for HS supervisors.
Toby continued his remarkable social improvement, mastering the HS units and the mesh networking environments, which NET was expanding deeper into everyday life. 
Victorias past interest in William was genuine, but living thousands of miles away from one another and a mutual shyness had stilled their relationship before it began.  Victoria and William were wed in a private ceremony.  Victoria officially adopted Toby, thriving in her role as mother, her passion for deal making satisfied, at least temporarily, with endless roles as den mom, soccer mom and PTO treasurer.  
The details of Alfreds final two years, including his death, remained private.  For those closest to him it appeared that Alfred, once salt of the earth, founder of NET and trusted mentor, had radically changed into an immoral fiend, the reasons apparently dying with him and remaining a mystery forever.
Franks team, following money trails from Indonesia to NET, found evidence that Ahmad had indeed not been working alone in funding Alfreds projects.  A foreign interest was still watching
