



DISCONNECTED




By
Neil Hetzner




Disconnected
Copyright  2012 by Neil Hetzner
Smashwords Edition
All Rights Reserved.



Prologue


On a cold, bright Saturday morning in December of 1943, Frank Rasling and his best friend, Peleg Scott, weave a helix with their bicycles as they ride down Torrey Hill. Halfway down Frank accelerates, closes his eyes, and removes his red-knuckled fingers from the handlebars. As Frank plummets down the steep hill, the roar of the wind in his ears crowds out what Peleg is yelling to him about the squadron of Avengers flying up Rhode Islands Narragansett Bay toward the naval air station at Quonset Point. Frank opens his eyes and aims his front tire at the launching pointa dolphin-backed swell in the roads surface; however, at the last moment, the seventeen-year-old brakes hard and, rather than flight, feels the wool of his watch cap raise the hairs at the back of his neck. Peleg flies by him, his high voice yelling out for war, and hits the bump straight on. The bike arcs toward the sun, falters, then, tips back toward earth like the diving planes overhead. Franks stomach knots in anticipation of Pelegs crash, but his friend lands perfectly and continues speeding down the hill. When Frank catches up with him at the bridge, Peleg has already unloaded the panniers of their gear.
The boys tramp through the rimed weeds alongside the Narrow River. Their first and second traps are empty, but the third holds a large female muskrat, whose thick tawny fur glows in the slant of the early morning sun. The next nine traps are empty, but, in a stroke of luck that neither boy can fathom, each of the next two traps holds a mink. They are still pounding each others shoulders and laughing from capturing their first mink ever, whose pelt is worth sixty muskrats, when they come upon the second. Shoulders touching, mouths agape, exhaling winters smoke, brought to reverent silence by Fortunes mystery, they stare at the lustrous body corkscrewed around its pinioned leg.
Peleg asks, Do you want me to do it?
With the muskrats that they have been trapping since the previous winter, the boys have flayed the skins close to where they catch them and leave the carcasses for whatever is hungry enough to eat the strong smelling flesh.
Is a mink any different?
Peleg shrugs, I dont know, but we sure dont want to mess it up. Would your dad do it?
Frank shakes his head, Not likely. What about Mr. Stedman?
The boys re-set their traps, skin the muskrat, and cradling the minks as though they are pets, walk out to the road. As they push their bikes up the long steep hill that they had flown down, they spend their unexpected fortune a dozen waysmore traps, a new skiff, a twenty-two, ration cards for gasoline or tires for their friend Mercer Kenyons runaboutanother victim of the war. Peleg stops to stare as four diving Corsairs practice landings on an imaginary aircraft carrier.
Maybe we should just save it until we get back.
Jenks Stedman is in his barn using a rasp to re-cut a tooth on a gear from his tedder. He whistles in appreciation as the boys show him their catch.
Wont ask you where you got those beauties. Hasnt been much mink around here for a long time. Find more over to Asa Pond or California Franks. Whataya been doin right?
Not much.
For your age, thats about right.
The old farmer leads the boys behind the barn to a sagging plank table silvered with age.
No different from what youve been doin'. Just a slipll cost you more. Here, you each do one and Ill watch.
As the surgery progresses, the air fills with the buzz and drone, roar and whine of dozens of airplanes practicing maneuvers or returning from missions. Each time a plane draws near, the boys look up, and if it isnt one of the common typesAvenger, Hellcat or Corsairthey take a second to try to identify it.
Finally Jenks asks, Whats the magic? I can see it with a ship. Water and war go together. But not those things.
The pelts are freed and scraped, the carcasses tossed into the pigpen and the boys have made their thanks when Jenks asks Frank, Hows your mother? Get home much?
Every other weekend.
The old Yankee takes his time before asking, And your dad?
Busy.
Imagine so.
At home, washing the stink of musk from his hands with lye soap, Frank looks up at the clock and realizes that he will have to hurry if he is going to be on time for work. Although Willi Hess, the owner of the market where Frank works, might not begrudge him a few minutes, his dad will. Charley Rasling, who works as a butcher at Hess market, had made it very clear when Frank first talked to him about trapping with Peleg that his job at Hess market was to come first
As Frank furiously pedals the three miles to Wakefield, his thoughts shift from the joy of trapping the two mink, to worry about being late, to Jenks Stedmans last questions. Mr. Stedman had been a good friend with Franks grandfather, and like an uncle to Franks father. He had supplied pigs to the Hess market for years and had encouraged Hess to hire Charley Rasling as an apprentice meat cutter when Willis brother and partner, Dieter, had returned to Germany during the lean years of the Depression. Not long after America entered the war, however, Jenks Stedman stopped selling his pigs to Willi Hess and stopped talking to Franks dad.
Charley Rasling barely looks at his son when Frank bursts through the back door of the market. Instead, he points, Clean the grinder.
As Frank washes fat from the augur and brushes blanched fibers from the disks, he listens to two customers out front discussing the seventy-two Japanese planes shot down in the Marshall Islands three days before. He considers whether once again to ask his father about giving him permission to enlist along with Peleg. After cleaning the grinder, Frank mops out the walk-in. Entering the front of the store to sweep up what cant be salvaged from a bag of flour that a customer has dropped, Frank sneaks a look at his fathers face to see if there might be any trace of the smile that occasionally used to be there.
Frank is still down on one knee sweeping a small mound of flour into a dustpan and wondering whether the spill is really an accident or another small message to Willi Hess, when Allegra Lyle, smelling of cold air and vanilla, walks through the door.
Boy on bended knee.
As he stands up, Frank fights the urge to brush his pants and pat his hair in place.
Can I help you find anything?
Could you get me a bag of pea beans and some sugar?
When Frank hesitates, Allegra laughs, Dont worry, I have a ration card for the sugar.
The sleigh bell laugh of this dark-haired girl, who only moved to Wakefield in late summer, yet by Halloween has acquired the nickname Legs as well as the febrile attention of Frank and a dozen of his classmates, roils Franks stomach and shortens his breath.
Even though the pea beans are within Legs reach, Frank collects them himself as he is afraid his voice may crack if he tries to direct her to them. He collects the sugar from behind the counter where Willi has recently moved it to make it less tempting to his clientele.
Frank grins nervously and fidgets with the spit of dark curly hair that tends to fall onto his forehead as Legs Lyle wanders the store. When she finally saunters over to the counter, Legs nods and laughs again when Franks asks, Can I get you anything else?
Bring me Sparta.
Frank guesses that his head, which feels red hot, is bobbing for far too long. Finally, he turns away from Legs, tears off a piece of butchers paper, grabs a grease pen and makes a vaguely accurate sketch of the eastern Mediterranean. He puts a small cross on the coast of Turkey, a second on the west shore of Greece and connects the two with a series of dots. He turns back and presents the map to Legs.
I hope this helps.
I hope so, too.
Legs eyebrows furrow as she studies Franks drawing.
Why does Edgars have us read that old stuff?
Frank twists his rail thin six-foot body away from Legs as if he fears a blow before saying, The Iliad is a classic.
Give me Gone with the Wind.
Legs extends her hand toward Frank, May I?
Frank hands her the grease pen. After moving away and putting the map on top of a display of soaps, Legs huddles over it and begins to draw. Franks throat burns as he looks at the contours of Legs woolen pants. After a minute, she stands up, rolls the map into a tube and hands it to Frank. Raising an eyebrow she says, Promise you wont look til later.
Again, Franks head bobs.
In the bathroom with its flaking green paint and smell of bleach, Frank unrolls the map. Legs Lyle has interrupted the dots between Sparta and Troy with a drawing of a small box of a building with a half-dozen musical notes and a question mark floating above its roof.
Frank waits until late afternoon, when things are slow, before asking his father if he can stay in town after the market closes.
To do what?
I dont know, Dad.
If you dont know, why stay?
Maybe a movie.
Whats playing?
Im not sure.
The Outlaw?
Franks shoulders rise in resignation.
I dont want you seeing that.
Dad, we caught two mink.
Frank watches his fathers face try to catch up with his words.
Thats good.
I wont go to the movies.
Okay, be home by ten-thirty. Be careful on the road. Too many drunken soldiers.
The sun is down and a cold wind is blowing hard when Frank climbs onto his bike. Before riding two blocks along a moonlit Main Street, left barren of holiday lights by the war, he pulls his undershirt up over his small jutting chin and holds it between his teeth. When his ears begin to burn, he cant decide whether to pedal faster or slower. Checking behind him to make sure his fathers car is not following, Frank veers onto Robinson Street to see if Paul Cummings is going to the dance.
Luckily, Paul is home. Even better, he is not planning to go to the dance. He invites Frank to stay and listen to the radio, but Pauls mother is the high school geography teacher and it makes Frank nervous to be around her.
After getting what he has come for, a gray and black argyle Brooks Brothers sweater on loan to Paul from a cousin crawling across sandbars in the Pacific, Frank rides the two miles to Narragansett Beach. The sweater itself, as well as the notion that it comes from Brooks, keeps Frank warm as he pedals through the biting wind. Leaping off his bike, the high school junior vaults onto the sea wall and bellows Allegras name to the sea before jumping the eight feet to the hard-packed sand below. He races to the waters edge, then, as his ragged breathing smoothes out, watches a parade of slow fat waves lumbering toward him. Below the sound of the water breaking against the shore, Frank thinks he can hear the throb of something else. His eyes slowly sweep the dark before him looking for something blacker, a narrow pole rising from the water, like Arthurs sword.
When his shivering nears convulsions, Frank retreats to the protection of the sea wall. His thoughts drift back and forth from the U-boat, its periscope up, sweeping the bay hunting for its particular kind of game, and Legs Lyle dressing for the dance. He huddles against the wall, hiding from a hungry wind and dreams his dreams until his teeth chatter so badly that his head begins to jerk back and forth like an animal in a trap. He forces himself to breathe slowly. While hugging his own shoulders more firmly than he would dare hold Legs, Frank draws his lips inside his mouth and wets them with his tongue.

On the long ride back home along the dark pitted road, Frank tries to ignore the alcohol churning in his stomach, the bitter cold tearing at his face and the gash in his knee, which opens and closes, aches and subsides, with each rotation of the pedals. He purses his lips and kisses the wind. He imagines a mink and her mate, hungry, careless, racing along the water's edge. He works on his story.
Charley Rasling is leaning forward on a worn, maroon-colored couch and staring at the fire while rubbing his ankles and listening to the radio. Frank, half hiding behind the doorframe, says hello and starts to go into the bathroom to clean up his knee.
Get warm first.
Trying to conceal the tear in his pants, Frank hurries past his father and sits down on a stool right in front of the flames. The sudden change of temperature makes Frank's cheeks and hands burn.
What did you do?
Not much. Stopped to see Paul Cummings and then went to the beach.
Pretty crowded?
The heat from the fireplace and the pain from his torn skin make Frank thinks he is going to faint.
Cummings came to see me on Thursday. He wants a standing rib for Christmas.
Frank nods at the flames, which dance like windblown spartina. He knows that every week, since meat rationing started the previous spring, Willi Hess and his father have heard from dozens of customers, some old, some new, requesting, or lately, demanding, that they get first choice. Customers call the house at night and, more than a few times, have shown up at the front door to argue with Charley Rasling to give them a just reward for doing their part on the home front.
Gasoline is gasoline and sugar is sugar, but round isn't sirloin and a ham hock isn't a pork chop.
What are you going to do?
What I feel like doing is making all of the beef we get into hamburger and all the pork into sausage.
Frank twists his head toward his father and nods.
His father nods back before asking, What were you butchering?
Frank's right knee, encased in torn, bloody khaki tries to move out of sight.
Bike?
No.
Well?
Frank's brain begins telling the story that it has rehearsed about tripping over a piling at the beach, but his mouth interrupts, Peleg.
Charley Rasling snorts as he reaches a hand out for the newspaper at the end of the couch.
After tending to his knee, Frank puts beans and salt pork on the stove. As he waits for his dinner to warm, he continues reading in Book Fourteen of The IliadNow Lady Hera of the Golden chair had turned her eyes upon the war.



Chapter One

Widowers Pique


Before answering the phone, Mike Krants looks at his watch. 6:58.
Dad, did you eat the tabouli?
Mike thinks that it might be a bit early for a lie, but he is very sure that it is much too early for an argument.
With gusto.
Dad!
I managed.
Its good for you. It could keep you from getting diverticulosis.
At my age, Im grateful for any diversion.
Beth Michault, his forty-three year old daughter, ignores him. Ive got a lecture at 8:30 and a hellacious day after that. They always schedule everything at the beginning of the semester. Although, if the lecture goes as well as I hope, my life will soon be simpler because half the kids will want to drop out. I thought some more about moms stuff. I think you should call Big Sisters. They take everything. In a couple of weeks, Ill take a Saturday, hound Ken and well box things up.
With a muffled groan, Mike half-turns on his bed so that he can see his wifes jewelry box and tray of bottles, smells mostly, sitting atop the dresser.
Beth, I dont think so.
Dad, its morbid.
Memorable. Those things help my memory.
Dad, not memory, memories. If I believed they helped your memory, Id be all for keeping them.
Well, you could always have the large sisters take me, too.
Dad, Im trying to be practical. You could be at Narragansett Manor or Cliffs Edge with.
Beth, I think the taboulis doing its job.
Just think about it, Dad.
Youre breaking up, Beth.
Im in a bad area.
Watch your back.
Reception, Dad.
Its a great technology. I should get one.
Dad!
Really.
Love, Dad.
The phone cracks in the old mans ear. Despite knowing that shes no longer there he says, More love, Beth.
Mike stays in bed for a few minutes after Beth hangs up, but when his thoughts begin to turn hopeless, he makes himself get up. In a moment, hes dividing his attention between inserting a thin, knobby, blue-mottled leg into one of the holes in a pair of slack-waisted underpants and looking at the mirror where an octogenarian ruddy-faced clown feints and dances with a piece of yellowing cloth. With his right leg slightly lifted, his left arm fully extended, his spine curved, his foot, a yearling bull, lurches toward the briefs, but the briefs themselves execute a veronica that leave the foot dangling. Krants laughs uproariouslyand bitterlyat the show his limbs are putting on for his amusement, or, he thinks, his edification. As the laugh fades, he fights a defeatist urge to sit upon the edge of his bed to thread each foot before coaxing the fabric up past the map of lost years that mark his thighs. A feeble limb, a febrile brain. An impetuous bladder. A New England graveyard of worn and canted teeth. Knuckles as big as walnuts. Ears that seem to him to be twice the size of those he sported in his twentiesalmost as if they have grown in anticipation of the growing deafness. Angry mustache bristling at lifes indignities. Pumpkin belly. Hesitant walk. Hercule Poirot gone south.
Krants laughs so hard that he farts a bubble from yesterdays lunch that, caught in a Chinese puzzle of colon, has lightened his sleep through much of the night.
Once the old man is covered, buttoned and cinched, he makes his slow way down the hallway, skirts past the small room where his wife, Evie, had chosen to die four months before, grabs hold of the banister, tacky with sweat and decomposing varnish, and, disjointedly, descends the stairs. While his coffee brews and the frozen waffle toasts, Krants walks skittishly around the room listening to CNN through a pair of cordless headphones.
He had bought the earphones during Evies last months. His intention had been to keep a bit of the outside world coming into the hot silence, while saving Evie from petty distractions to the hard work that she was doing. At first, Mike had found some solace in the simple world the headphones brought. Later, he had grown uneasy as he found himself setting the volume to a level that equaled the volume of his mind so that an authoritative, modulated C-Span or CNN voice would counter his own snarled thoughts.
Even after Evie had made her way past the mundane, Mike had continued to wear the headphones. Each day, he tells himself he shouldnt. Like a drunk, he wakes with good intentionsof keeping them off and allowing himself to be deafened by the silence around him. But, what he thinks he should do, and what he does do, continue to differ: Not only should he put down the headphones. He should go to cardiac rehab. He should eat more salads and use his cane and get out and cry about Evie and pick up a pen and hang his pants when he pulls them from the dryer. But, just eating anything, even doing his laundry, just getting up, even writing the utility checks sometimes takes more energy and willpower than he can muster. The old man butters the waffle on a paper towel, which will become a napkin after its usefulness as a plate is done. He walks out onto the deck, eats, wipes butter and crumbs from his mustache and stares out at the sunlight bouncing off the rocks north of Fox Island. In the months since Evie has died, he has spent untold hours sitting on the deck, looking at the waters of Narragansett Bay, the two spans of bridgeone old, interesting and unsafe, the other new, secure and boringthat link the Rhode Island mainland with Jamestown. During those hours Mike has wished for many things. Some sad. Some foolish. Most unlikely. This morning, however, his wish is simple and possible. He wishes again to see the pod of seals that spend the winter on the scatter of rocks that holds his attention.
In another six weeks or so, if nature is as orderly as it has been in the past, Mike should be able to stand on the deck and see a knot of movement on, and around what, today, is just barren rock. The seals have been coming to this small, specific spot in the bay ever since the third year after Mike and Evie retired to the Rhode Island coast. From where the seals migrated, they never really knew. Nor, did they know why. But over more than a dozen winters, Evie and Mike had passed an ancient pair of binoculars back and forth looking at those shining sleek shapes. They had drunk coffee, and cocoa and buttered cider and Manhattans and made up stories to explain the small miracle of a family of animals swimming thousands of miles to such a seemingly forlorn spot.
Krants lifts the headphones from his ears and tosses them on the couch. Reversing his steps, he grabs the binoculars and his hat from their respective hooks, takes his olive wood cane from the umbrella stand and pushes through the door. Despite the churning going on in his head, he notices that two cool nights after a dry summer have been enough to begin to turn the edges of the leaves embowered above his head a greenish-red. As he walks along the narrow lane, Mike fiddles with the angle of his cane until he finds the spot where the rubber tip is worn through. The canes sound changes from a thump to a sharp tap. Without being aware of it, the old man picks up his cadence and straightens his spine.
A block later, emerging from under the lanes dappled shade, he slows his pace to admire the undulating blanket of leaves spreading out to the end of Rome Point. Leaning heavily on his cane, he cautiously descends the short, steep, hill to the association beach. Jack Bramley, who is raking seaweed, stops to lean on his hoe. Mike, instead of taking the baitto be brought up to date on Jacks blood pressure, bowels or the latest offering from the History Channeljust lifts his cane and waggles it in greeting. A few hundred feet further along the shoreline the widower stops under the arbor of trees which shade the associations lone picnic table. He eases his calves back against the bowed plank seat, plants his cane, sits, then, gingerly leans his back against the smooth edge of the silvered tabletop. He lifts the binoculars and watches Jerry Betts, a disabled fireman, taking advantage of the mornings strong, nearly autumn breeze, to windsurf across Bissel Cove. Jerry zigzags several times before sailing toward the mouth of the Annaquatucket River. After Betts disappears behind the spinney of locust, already bright red, which grows to the waters edge on a thumb of land jutting into the cove, Mike, like a boy with blocks, fusses with the hours of the day.
He can drive to the village and spend most of the morning at the library. Monica works on Tuesdays and will be sure to have a new limerick. He stares down at his hands with their liver spots and ever-present tremor. Maybe he should read one of the Harry Potters as a way to connect with his grandkidsto help them get past those spots, his halting walk, the shar pei skin, ground down teeth and old mans smell. Or, he can try to while away the morning and then take a noontime walk to the mini-market to buy a grilled chicken breast, lettuce and tahini wrap from the Syrian couple. He can stop on the way back and eat his sandwich, while watching the egrets and herons pursue their own meals on the salt marsh. Or he canMikes heart nearly explodes from his chest when an overweight chocolate lab, whose name he thinks might be Gilly, comes tearing around the corner of the table and throws his paws in Mikes lap. A violently trembling hand pets the violently wagging dog for a few seconds. Gilly bounds off to more surprises while Mike visualizes the two stents inside his chest bulging like blisters.
Back at his house Mike puts on his headphones. He stares at the television for a few minutes before taking a deep breath. A moment later, with the headphones tossed in a chair and Billy Holidays ineffably sad voice singing Strange Fruit, eighty-two year old World War II veteran, father, lover, widower, Mike Krants, teary eyes closed, cane lightly held, is swaying, then, shuffling through a box step. He dances to The Man I Loved. And is halfway through What a Little Moonlight Can Do when he stumbles, catches himself, and, breathing heavily, makes his way to the sofa. When he looks up, a World Trade Center Tower is in flames on his television.
Lady Day forgotten, Mike spends the next hours studying the images flashing across the television.
It is just after three oclock when David Krants, Mikes son and father to Mikes four grandchildren, calls from his cell phone to tell his father that he is just past New Haven on his way to New York. CNN is sending in stringers from all over the East Coast. He asks what his dad thinks. Mike, who finally has sat down before the screen with the sound on, says that it reminds him of Kobe.
What was Kobe?
A Japanese city we firebombed. Three hundred thousand killed, over fifty thousand buildings destroyed. I was there six months later. City of rubble. Horrible smell.
This is going to be bad?
Id say you could expect some scars.
You know how its been for us. This is good money.
It should be, David. Its going to be lousy work.
Hearing what Mike can not keep from his voice, his son asks, But honorable? Mike, still staring at the screen, pauses before he says, Probably depends on where you point your lens.
DadJesusI almost got clipped. Gotta go. Love, Dad.
More love, David.
As he shuffles across the room to put the phone back, Mike whispers, Drive carefully. Walk carefully. Work carefully. Think carefully. Then go home and cry your ass off, kid.
He walks into the galley kitchen and tells himself to make a sandwich, but, as he has for the last several hours, he ignores his own advice. Who is he, who cant feed himself, to be thinking about easing things for David?
Just after seven oclock, Beth calls to talk about the scramble of feelings she is having. After she is calmer, she becomes more inquisitive. Mike has to lie about his lunch, dinner, and whether he, too, has had trouble reaching David.
Tuesday night passes into Wednesday before Mike eats popcorn and drinks a beer. He falls asleep on the couch, but before he does, for the first time in a very long time, he recalls the smells of cordite, sulfur and roasted meat that had risen from the Japanese caves on Iwo Jima.



Chapter Two

Rueful Roue


While Mike Krants is remembering smells from a half-century before on a small island in the Western pacific, just a few miles away seventy-six year old Frank Rasling is hearing sounds from that same periodwhen the pain allowsas he lays sprawled in the Common Burial Ground in Newport.
Frank goes to bed drunk on Monday night so that he can sleep in peace. As usual, he is awakened by guilt. Two cups of coffee, forty minutes, and two sentences later, Frank jumps out of the recliner which, with the addition of a restaurant-sized cookie sheet, wide-ruled spiral-bound notebook and fountain pen constitutes his garret, to escape the hounding bitch.
The unproductive writer bolts from his chopped-up quarters, made when a Victorian-era entrepreneurs off-Bellevue Avenue mansion was transmogrified into a 20th century developers idea of luxury condominium units. The condo is owned by Franks editor, Phil Weiss, and has been prescribed by Weiss as a New York publishing folk remedy for writers block. Frank crosses under the porte-cochere and hurries down the cobblestone driveway.
The frustrated writer heads east to the Cliff Walk; however, instead of walking behind the mansions, he turns north to walk along the path that separates Salve Regina College from the Atlantic Ocean. Despite his hopes, Frank knows it is too early in the morning for the lawns to be dotted with clumps of un-Romish girls with halter tops and golden thighs. By the time the once famous author makes his way past the end of the Cliff Walk and onto First Beach, his chest is hurting and he is savoring the frequent hate of growing old. He justifies slowing his pace so that he can wander along the bright green waters edge to look for sea glass. He is crouched looking at the whorls of a broken conch shell when a woman with dyed red hair, an unusual amount of eye shadow for a morning beach walk, and bicycle pants stretched so tight that their daisy pattern has distorted to a paisley, shakes her Walkman at him.
Were being attacked.
Franks years of living in New York, where so many people have alternative realities, as well as the empty beach and sky that surround him make her assertion hard to believe. He nods, smiles dismissively and continues down the beach. An hour later, back at the condo, Frank stands over the leather chair where Phil Weiss, his understanding friend but desperate editor, had thought he would find redemption and swears at the bright bland face of the notebook. After making himself a brandy coffee, Frank reluctantly sits back in the chair for the second time that day and drums his pen against his cheek while the coffee cools. As he slowly drinks, no words come; however, an hour later, just as he is falling asleep, a squall of sentences churn inside his head.
It is mid-afternoon when Franks cell phones chirp awakes him. In the seconds it takes Frank to return from Elysian fields to Newport condo, Burnett asks, Are you safe?
Seemingly from young women.
What?
Old mans lament.
Burnetts voice rises as he enunciates, Do you know whats going on? The towers? The trade towers?
Sold? Bill Gates? Sultan of Brunei?
Goddamn it, Dad. For once, shut up. Theyre gone. They were attacked and theyre gone. Are you drunk? Where are you?
The need to bat sentences back at his son, a need born after Burnetts love and respect ended in Franks ex-wife Lorraines pile when the marital assets were divided, is overridden by a sudden jolting confusion.
In Newport at Phils condo. Whats going on?
As Burnett starts to explain, Frank searches the living room for the remote. Unable to find it, he kneels before the television and rocks back and forth, like a muzhik in prayer, until he finds the focal point where he can read the miniscule words on the battery of buttons. It is only after many minutes of serious faces talking earnestly that a clip of film makes real what Burnett is saying.
After Burnett gets off the phone, Frank makes a gin and grapefruit juice and, as he watches television, wonders what he would have been experiencing if he were home at his apartment on 9th Street between 5th and 6th Avenue in Greenwich Village. He thinks, drinks, refreshes his drink, peels prosciutto from a deli pack and wonders if Balduccis has stayed open. Since there would have been almost nothing in his apartment to eat, if he were in the city, he would have had to go out scavenge seafood lasagna at Balduccis, or grab a couple of slices at Rays, or a maki platter from the place on Eighth. He visualizes walking a couple of blocks farther to see the triage center set up outside St. Vincents Hospital.
Frank splashes more gin into his glass, forgoes the grapefruit juice and works on what the dramatic possibilities of the scene around St. Vincents might be. He has, throughout his writing career, been drawn to those less skilled in dodging bullets than himselfFrank cant figure out how to finish his thought. This thinking about dodging bullets, which has occupied so much of Franks thinking for more than half a century, has led to few insights and no conclusionsexcept that he knows that fear and, he suspects, Fate are involved.

* * *

Hours later, Frank is lying in a stew of mud and churned humus wondering if he will be given the chance to write what has been bottled inside him for so long.
Time passes. The cemetery is quiet except for the slight lisp of leaves fluttering and the occasional, but to Frank, intensely irritating scuffle of something scavenging for food. His legs, which are twisted beneath him, feel white-hot. Yet, even while his legs burn, the early September air, cold and damp from Narragansett Bay, is tugging heat from his cuffs and collar. Staring at the shadowy canopy above him, Frank puzzles over how each leaf decides when to let go.
After a time Frank begins to shiver. The gin he has been drinking for hours makes the idea of dying in a graveyard funny, and he starts to laugh uncontrollably. The laughter shakes his legs and causes them to feel even hotter. As the pain blossoms, Frank tries to concentrate on his youthPeleg and himself, and those Frostian roads not taken.
An hour later the shivering stops and torpidity takes its place. His body is failing, but his mind is flying and he knows that, if he survives, the story, which has been blocked for so long, will get written and will be the best thing he has ever done.
The moon begins its slow Sisyphean slide. As Frank stares at the underside of the tree limbs growing darker from a departing moon and listens for the high whiny siren of his savior, he balances the pain of new injuries against the old to see if they equate.
More endless time passes and the cemetery remains silent except for the post-modern music of dew dropping and, the insistent call of a chickadee. Frank feels the mathematics of his possible death begin to overwhelm him, but, finally, memory overwhelms physical pain. Prefatory words and opening paragraphs for what he will call Fixed Wing Flying come to Frank with a speed and clarity he hasnt experienced in decades. Frank experiences a long lost exquisite joythe joy of creativityuntil he lapses into unconsciousness.



Chapter Three

Wounded Needs


As it has been for so many of more than twenty thousand days, there is that jolt, like misjudging a step, when, upon awakening from sleep, he opens his eyes and sees nothing. As the adrenaline, being useless, seeps away, Peleg Scott checks his catheter bag, then lays in bed enjoying the familiar sibilance of the domiciliarys rubber-wheeled carts and crepe-soled attendants. From the heat radiating through his window, the ancient warrior knows it is a sunny day. If it stays that way, rather than typing in his journal as he has done until very late the previous night, Peleg can go outside to braid. As he waits, like a salamander on a rock, for the sun to warm his body, the blind man clips his earphones on and listens to Saint Saens' Havannaise.
After breakfast, with his baseball cap pulled low on his face and his braid bag slung over his shoulder, Peleg makes his slow careful way out of the old brick building and along a canted walkway that even further slows his pace. At the edge of a demi-lune stone patio, he shrugs off his bag and eases his way into a smooth-armed Adirondack chair. Patiently waiting for the early September sun to loosen the joints in his fingers, he considers how much better his life has gotten since he first came to Lance Veterans Home fifty-six years before.
The food is better. The pain medicines are better. The showers are better. The coffee is much better. And cassette players, and, then, CD players and a slew of audio books and a laptop he actually uses on his lap, usually late at night while sitting up in his bed, have come along. There is less guilt, less anger, less screaming, fewer sobs, and fewer recriminations from those around him. Even though all the doughboys have gone, as well as many of those from his own warand Peleg has felt sadness at their endings and fear that they were leaving before he has learned all of their lessonsthey have been replaced by other soldiers from places like Inchon and the Mekong Delta. Lots of others. And many of these, too, have gone on and some, a few, have gone home, but he himself has kept soldiering on.
Young Kim, a small piece of the flotsam of the Vietnam war, has come to work and taught him more than a dozen ways to braid. She also has given him the idea to whittle small objects to add to his braids. After he gave one to Dorothy Swift, who worked second shift, who gave it to her granddaughter, who showed it to a friend, he now has a store in Ithaca, one on Newberry Street in Boston, one in Marthas Vineyard and another shop in Newport that sell his necklaces and friendship bracelets.
Peleg listens to the squirrels collecting acorns under the oak tree and chattering about bad times to come. When his fingers lose their stiffness, he reaches down for the bag at his feet. He pulls ball after ball of yarn, some slick, some slubby, and begins to braid. With warm fingers, warmer yarns, a whispering breeze, jabbering squirrels, Peleg constructs another good morning.
When he hears Kims soft, padded shoes hurrying down the walkway, Peleg assumes she is bringing him coffee as she often does when her day is slow. This time, however, she brings news of a fire, then a second fire and, finally, a third. While several thousand people are burned, crushed or fall to their deaths, Peleg braids eight friendship bracelets. He eats grilled cheese and drinks tomato soup from a mug for lunch, somewhat late because of events, and, then, as usual, lies down for a nap.
Although Peleg has gotten along with Kim since her first day on the job more than five years ago, they are yelling at each other within minutes after Peleg awakes from his nap. She is incensed that he is nodding to the music on his CD player instead of listening to the news of what is happening in New York and at the Pentagon. She accuses him of callousness. He accuses her of theatrics. She agrees she is being dramatic but it is because there has been a great tragedy. There are estimates that five thousand people might be dead.
Five thousand?
Yes, five thousand.
And that makes it a tragedy?
Yes.
Germany invaded Czechoslovakia in 1939 and World War II ended in 1945. Thats about six and one-half years of war, maybe twenty-five hundred days. OK?
OK? OK, what?
Some historians estimate that more than fifty million people died in that war. Twenty-five hundred goes into one million exactly four hundred times. Four hundred times fifty is twenty thousand. So, on average each and every day for more than six years, twenty thousand people died from war. What is happening today the five thousand thats about six hours worth of World War II slaughtering. To me, its not a tragedy. Its barely an incident.
Kim pounds her fist on the arm of Pelegs chair.
You, you are a crazy, bitter old man.
Before she can turn away, Peleg clamps his hand on top of her fist.
No, Im not. Im just a veteran of foreign wars. And, do you know what, my young friend, my fifty-six year vacation in this place doesnt even get counted among the losses.
He pats her hand before adjusting his earphones.
He listens to music, some Bach, some Grapelli, until just before eleven oclock. Usually, within minutes of getting the relief his bed offers from the assorted aches of staying alive, he falls asleep. This night, however, is different. He lies awake for hours, first thinking of things long past and, later, of what might be in the near future. Of short wars and long retreats.



Chapter Four

Distressed Properties


Alex Tallions neat desk belies his mind. His agitation over the Curtsons deal has brought him into the office before eight oclockhours before his usual arrival at King Philips Realty.
He sits close to his desk with his back so hunched that few would have guessed that he has once been a colonel in the army. With elbows planted on his desk, his hands, seemingly of their own volition given the grim concentration on his face, massage the scalp beneath his mostly white brush-cut hair. After a moment his left hand drops down to turn a page on the sales contract he is reading. The hand floats back up, is joined by its mate, and both begin to rub his ears like worry beads.
Although divorce, like death, is one of the well-springs of the real estate business, Lex is wishing, to the point of inveigling prayer, that the Curtsons would put aside their loathing for one another just long enough for him to get both of their signatures on a single sales contract. The house on Sweetbriar Lane, a forty-five hundred square foot, two-year old rambling colonial, tricked-up with granite, stainless steel and lead-free glazed tile, was listed for $529,000 ten days before. Two days ago, on Sunday, Felicia Wellburton from Seascape Properties, not Lexs favorite co-broke with her pearls, pleats, pumps and strangely discolored teeth, brought him a full-price offerbut with a three-month close date. Less than twenty-four hours later, Rookie, three months on the job, gets an improbable Monday morning walk-in and four hours later has an offer for $521,500, close in forty-five days.
On Monday night Lex met with Monica Curtson at the house at seven and with her estranged husband Jerry at the Cull House Inn an hour later. Monica likes the offer that gives her more money and a longer time to move. Jerry wants the quicker close.
Lex takes the two offer forms, flips to the back page, sets them alongside one another and studies the separate signatures. He is rubbing his nose with the gentle fervor that he used to reserve for womens breasts when he hears Handsome Johnny Wiley gallop up the stairs.
Colonel, sir, unexpected, but certainly pleasant, surprise, sir.
Wiley stands in the doorway breathing deeply and twitching his shoulders like a fighter before a bout. Gelled black hair with a hairline heading north, big blue eyes behind little tortoise shell glasses, big cheeks sloping down to a little chin, Wiley is wearing his signature heavily starched white broadcloth shirt, which stretches over a belly shaped like a artisan bakerys boule. Below the loaf, Wiley is wearing a pair of many pleated gray slacks, held up by a black sharkskin belt. After a second, he clicks the heels of his shiny black tasseled loafers, which shod improbably tiny, sock-free feet.
Lex moves his hand from his nose to his bristly chin and tilts his head.
At ease.
Thank you, sir.
Handsome Johnny walks over to Rookies desk, grabs the new agents monogrammed Cross pen, removes the ink cartridge and puts the pen back together.
Adversity breeds success in the strong and stress in the weak.
Or, a drinking problem.
Lex lets Wiley shuffle paper at his cluttered desk, getting comfortable like a dog in its crate, before dropping his bomb.
Rook got some wood on the ball.
Wileys face whips toward Lex.
Bunt? The rental on Ashford?
When Lex shakes his head, the folds of loose flesh on each side of his mouth, keloids from fifty-seven years of living, jiggle a quick dance.
Over the fence. Lex taps the contract on his desk. Sweetbriar.
No fucking way.
Man proposes, God disposes.
Wiley shakes his head is bitter disappointment. God aint fair.
Nor fast.
Lex watches in anticipation, and then satisfaction, as Wileys forehead grows as shiny as his hair.
Hey, look at this, blasts from the lo-fidelity intercom speaker.
Although Lex can tell from the tone that Brokers intercom voice isnt a command, he decides to use it as an excuse to get away from the conflicting contracts on his desk.
With four agents pressed together in front of him, Lex has a hard time seeing what is on Brokers tissue box-sized television screen.
Lo, smelling like ginger and limes, and The Professor keep saying, Jesus.
Trying to get some clarification, Lex asks, Whats going on?
A plane crashed into the World Trade Towers.
After Lex turns sideways, wedges his hip on the side of a file cabinet and cranes his neck, he can see a hole and smoke.
Wheres the plane?
What do you mean?
Wheres the plane? I see the hole, but wheres the plane?
Inside.
How? How could a little plane?
The Professor growls, Jesus, Lex, you know the World Trade Towers, it isnt little. It was a passenger jet.
Shut-up, you guys.
They do Brokers bidding. A few minutes later, when the second tower is hit, Lex feels something crucial let go inside. Instead of going back upstairs, he exits the building, cuts through the driveway and across the municipal parking lot to sit on the cool granite of the quay.
Although it is only a week after Labor Day, the masts in Wickford Harbor have been pruned from forest to grove. Lex observes a convoy of mallards, apparently unaware that vacation season has ebbed, chug alongside the greasy looking water by the wharf in search of tourist-tossed food. Overhead, despite dozens of pilings to choose from, two gulls fight over who will occupy the top of the piling nearest to Lex. Lex himself fights the urge to speed up his breathing. He reassures himself that whatever is going on that minute in New York has nothing to do with his time thirty-five years before in a place half a world away. But, the buzzing in his ears, the tingling in his wrists, the hummingbird flutter in his chest, the notion that he might not be able to bring a hand to his brow, the idea that screaming might comfort like a lullaby, the inkling that monsters will once again roam the earth, the worry that ghosts will rise, drive him, on rubbery legs, to Davy Jones Liquor, where he buys a back-up bottle of Chartreuse and finds out that the Pentagon is on fire.
Cradling his bottle, Lex walks across West Main Street and down the lily-lined path to the library. After a quick stop at the fiction shelves, he goes into the bathroom where he drinks and reads, like a priest his breviary, the candy scene in Gravitys Rainbow. His laughs precede hiccups, which give way to sobs. By the time he leaves the library, Lex is drunk, his ghosts have gone to ground, the towers are down and the adjective Pynchonesque seems to have renewed meaning.



Chapter Five

Mais Dear Diary


ddSmoky wisps are sailing over me and if they smell, they dont smell like burning leavesfar in the west the sun is setting behind these manmade cloudsim barefoot in the yardmy toes hurt cuz ive walked and wlkd and wlkd 2day-if id known we were going to have a natl tragedy id never have worn my cowboy boots-i was in the union watching the news when the 3rd plane hitthat made me tiltwhat if i had gone to g-town and not herei thot about being there and watchin tv and then everyone would run outside to see and probably i would feel more than i could seeDC was probably like here w/everyone feeling outrage at the PRESUMPTION. And then FEAR a much different fear than worrying about a crack head jumpin on this shortie or being stuck on the t if the granddaughter of a gook, the mongrel progeny from a gene pool that lived in tunnels becuz such surprises could fall from a cloudless sky, could be so afraid, whadabout my allamerikan classmatesand I think i would have been pretty shellshocked to c that big 5sided DC hive develop a hole-i think i would have wandered off andwhat maybe toward the mall and probably seen a lotta cops and soldiers and helicopters and probably not 2 welcome there and so back to g-town and a lotta caffeine at a *bucks and then into rock creekwhen the going gets tuff the notsotuff get under coverbut since i came here and not g-town and cambridge did not feel like the place 2 b 2day, i bunked classes and rode downtownwhich was really worsemore people agitated or numb and again every1 with a fone or trying to see a tvy cant merikans just xperience something instead of always analyzing and getting feedbackfinally wandered over to chinatown and there it changedno foneshandcartspeople hurtlingw/so much of chinatown really vnamese this is old hat for themi drank coffee and condensed milk that no1 tried to make in2 a some kind of caffeine religion and felt an anger bloom in me like a cereushow could all those people who have been skitterin around me let those people in the 5-hive rain down more hell on a little scrap of land so far away than all of the bombs dropped in wwiithats what im feelin right nowright nowi never felt that b4the arrogance of the presumption that their ideas were so good and so right that they get to bomb people who wanted to live another waya lot of people around me 2day were horrified that some1 might disagree enough w/their beliefs that they would kill them w/out warningsomethin woke in mesomethin wound from dna and maybe collective conscious(oooh, thank you, big crimson) that made me hate what had been done to that skinny little country so longnow, what I keep thinkin about is how the end of the line rarely ismy family must have gone through days like 2day over and over from the early 50s to 75longer than Ive been aliveand they cooked rice, washed clothes, had sex and said prayers amid the bombsin my 1 score and 7 wisdom i think its only people who never have bad shit happen to them that think bad shit is a big dealthe rest of the world goes hohum, hoses down the blood, sweeps up the bones, and hangs out the laundrysee ya, dd



Chapter Six

Cast and Chrysalis


Later, as the filtered whispers of his rescuers surround him, as the speed of the ambulance jolts him, and as the hospitals runway of florescent lights speeds over him, Frank Rasling fights those distractions with the reassurance that the story he was meant to write finally will be written.
On the morning of September 12th, it takes the orthopedic surgeon, Dr. Comstock, almost four hours to pin six vertical breaks just above the ankle on Franks left leg with a plate and eight screws. The break above his knee on his right leg is a far simpler repair.
Four days into his stay, Frank is off morphine and on Vicodin. Burnett is visiting and Frank is considering how he and his son tend to have their best times together when those times are still in the planning stage. What has gone fairly smoothly in anticipation feels, once again in the fact, like interpersonal grinding. Even though he can diagnose the problemBurnett has heard too many of his epiphanies to pay close attention to anotherFrank still wants to tell his tale. But Burnett, who sees the world with a different eye, wants to examine the ramifications of his seventy-five year old fathers drunken ride on Phil Weiss daughter, Elitzs dirt bikesomething Frank himself has no interest in discussing.
A temporary truce is effected by moving to the injury itself. Burnett is surprised that so serious a break is only splinted. Frank explains that Dr. Comstock doesnt want the leg in a cast until he is sure that there would be no more edema. Frank tells Burnett son that although he is generally in favor of swelling, as many of his lifes decisions have proved, an engorged limb in a cast is the rare exception. He is scheduled to get a cast just before he is to be released.
Having finally gotten to the crux of the matter, Burnett wanders to the window before asking when that might be. Frank says that no one is sure. The legs are doing what they are supposed to be doing, but he is running a fever at night, and they arent sure why. Blood, urine and a cup of tea leaves have all divined fine.
Burnett stays for two more hours. After his only child leaves, Frank wonders which of them has felt the time pass more slowly. He imagines Burnett crawling along in Route 128 traffic, desperate to get home to his white bread Wellesley wife and their two Bichons.
Where Burnetts visit brought Frank anger and guilt, a day later Phil Weisss arrival brings bialys, the New York Review of Books, pen and pads, the one about the invention of yodeling, and the reassurance that having ones first dirt bike accident, a serious one, while helmetless, clueless and seventy-five, is just the catalyst for dissolving a decade-long writers block.
Phils bonhomie quickly evaporates when Frank asks him about the city. Phil admits he is just up for an over-night. A quick getaway as much for himself as to see his favorite author. He has to train back in the morning. He has two more memorial services to attend. Does Frank remember the NYU kid who used to bartend at The Phoenix, the one who knew so much about Hamsun? Phil has seen his picture on a telephone pole. Even in Mid-town, the air burns his eyes. Obviously, normal people are some crazierbut the crazy people seem better. Phil tells Frank that fear, anguish, rage, patriotism and pennant fever are making for a pretty strange Gotham brew. Frank wants to ask Phil a lot of questions, but some part of him thinks he doesnt have the right.
You left at a good time.
I didnt leave. You pushed.
Phil shrugs.
You werent getting much done.
Frank hesitates, I havent gotten much done up here either.
Now, you will. You saw your death. You will. You have to. You need the dough to buy Elitz a new bike.
Thats a helluva little machine.
Phil catches Franks eye for an instant before murmuring, as if to himself, So Im told.
Half in anger, half in jest, Frank retorts, I had no choice. I grew up reading Hemingway, while you were reading Henry Roth.
One blows his brains out because he cant write, and the other works as a longshoreman and God knows what else and comes back sixty years after his first book and knocks it out of the park. Whos the bigger man?
When Frank starts to argue that Roths Mercy novels arent that good, Phil points to Franks legs.
Heal those. Get better. And get writing.
Im thinking of changing horses.
Midstream?
The war thing.
Youve never had much luck getting that going.
Frank pouts, and, in deference, Phil is quiet as he tosses the cream cheese-smeared napkins in the trash, straightens up the newspaper, and gathers his Yankees cap. However, standing in the doorway, he says, Youve got a good story going. Get busy. Go find the finish.
Before Frank can respond, Phil disappears from the doorway. Frank hears his friend inexpertly yodel the punch line as he walks down the hospital corridor, And I laid your old lady, too.
Burnetts next visit comes the day after Phils and is focused entirely on what to do with Frank when he is released. Managing the technical difficulties of Franks fourth floor Greenwich Village walk-up is immediately dismissed. Its no time to be looking for nursing care in New York City. Going back to Phils condo is doable but prohibitively expensive with equipment rentals and twenty-four hour care. Both sides of the negotiations politely skirt the issue of Frank bunking in Wellesley with Burnett, Bunni and their four-legged progeny. The obvious answer is to move next door into the Vanderbilt Rehabilitation Center, but, unfortunately, according to what Dr. Comstock has told Frank, the Vanderbilt will have no beds available for, at least, two weeks. Burnett calls for an adjournment.
He is gone for almost an hour, but he returns with a solution. The hospitals social services director has called around and found a private room for Frank at the Shady Lea Rest Home. With a visceral wisdom, Frank understands that any place whose name ends with Rest Home is a place to be avoided. But, Burnett persists, a just-swallowed Vicodin turns Quisling, and Frank capitulates.
Frank attends with satisfaction as Dr. Comstock, who has been autocratic and overbearing, squats before him with rolls of gauze, fiberglass mats and a bucket of warm water. As the surgeon commences to build the carapace from which the stitched, bruised thing going in is to emerge as a healthy limb, he also starts to ask questions. Franks amusement fadesHe had been riding the dirt bike as an experiment. Yes, he has ridden motorcycles for years. It had been a great way to get around and out of the city. Yes, about fifteen blocks north. Yes, he could see them from his windows. Yes, he has lost several friends. No, not that close. No, not that muchthe city had always been chaotic, that was one of its big attractions. Being chaotic, it had always absorbed chaos more easily. Not like here in Newport where a broken water main would make the front page. Yes, he has heard right, he is a writer. No, nothing lately. No, none has been made into a movie. Yes, he has family. Boston. No, he preferred to stay in Newport.
Frank is more relieved than he has anticipated when Comstock pronounces himself satisfied with what he has built. He experiences even more relief when Burnett calls to apologize for being too busy to drive down to help move Frank to the Shady Lea.
As the cabdriver waits for a break in the oncoming traffic to make a left turn, Frank surveys the three-story brick building sitting on a small knoll back from the road. Seen from below, the portico looks no more three-dimensional than it had on the cover of the brochure Burnett had left with the recuperating patient.
When the double wide, aluminum-framed glass doors slide back in silent welcome, Frank rides a wave of impending doom. His unease grows as he goes through the admission process. The colors are too bright, the lights too warm, the sound proofing too good, the carpet too clean, the smiles too empathetic, the paperwork too easy. As he is wheeled to his room, a panicky Frank fiddles with the idea of getting Phil to kidnap Marginal Man, the guy who, using colored chalks and scavenged string, outlines his homestead over a grate on Sixth Avenue, between Ninth and Tenth. Phil could cart him and his household goods up here to Gods country and Marginal could set up housekeeping just outside Franks room. Frank would feel a lot better, and Marginal might not feel that much worse.
Despite going to bed angry, feeling displaced and getting only fitful sleep throughout most of that first night, Frank feels he is emerging from a long hibernation when he is wakened by the sound of laughter passing by his door. Seconds later, muted from being further down the hall, the soundjoyful as sleigh bells and not heard for more than a half centurycomes again.



Chapter Seven

Sleep, Memory


Magook, my first ghost, shakes his head fiercely. Droplets as fine as spring mist, imbued with an autumn sunsets many pinks, make a halo around his head. His arms, half bent to wings, beat the air. His feet leave the ground, once, twice, before he catches the wind and flies beyond my sight.
Although it has been over five years since his last visit, this is all too familiar.
I think to walk to the spot from where he has ascended to see if this time he may have left a cryptic sign or, beyond hope, a simple answer to a too clever riddle, but that end of our bedroom seems so far away. Instead, I wipe my tears upon sleeping Joanies silken hair and force my midnight thoughts to money.
Forget the Curtsons. If the Pettee couple buy my gambrel on Archer Island for 360, then I net ten eight minus the five percent and thirty-five bucks for E&O.
While often in my youth I woke alone to dream of flesh as hungry as my own, I wake now to dream, when not of ghosts, of the rarer, more elusive, double end. From my own experiences, and endless pick-up lunches at the battered kitchen table at the office, I know the double-end dream occurs far more often than the reality. In twelve years, I have caught a double commission, where my buyer buys one of my own listings, just seven times. Tonight, with Magook having flown the coop, I tinker with the dream so that if the Pettees buy the gambrel and give me their house to list, rather than selling it to their daughter and her new second husbandand if I can get Alice Munson to fall for the Pettees house after almost two years of passing on everything I have shown her, then the ten eight would grow past twenty-fourbefore backing out the affiliates fee and the E&O insurance.
E&O, errors and omissions, sometimes sound to me like the fountainhead of guilt shame remorse. And insurance against those untoward feelings? Well, the usualfaith, the Eucharist, mentors, love, autism, suicide, cold pizza, Chartreuse and the ever reliable standard operating procedures.
In imitatio Christi, they sought the deserts arid comforts or the dank sanctuary of a cave. They lived in rags, on scraps, under persecution and waited for His gifts to become their own. The promise of that moment of rapture allowed those millennial mystics to endure much and in a painful way that much reminds me of my life as a sniper.
Joanies hair has grown quite damp. I decide to abandon thought and memory. I roll onto my belly and bury my face in the smell of cotton ticking. My movement disturbs Joanie. Her covers rustle and she begins to purr.

* * *

Johnny Wiley is rehashing another improbable Red Sox loss with Rookie when Lex rushes in.
Colonel.
Johnny Magic, what say?
Lex returns Wileys crisp salute with a movement that closely resembles the Queen Mothers formal flutter.
Troops accounted for, sir.
Perimeter?
Secured, sir.
Good work, Wiley.
Cheney called, sir.
Kabul? Chechnya? Congo?
A three bed cottage with a Pullman bath. I put him in VM, sir.
Where hell stay.
Lex drops into his chair. In the three days since the terrorist attacks, he has been drawn so deeply into a re-awakened world of war that his brain links the sound of the seat cushion expelling air with the snakes hiss of a mortar shell.
Avoiding Rookies sweet round eyes which, as usual, are staring at him in reverent wonder, Lex himself studies the orders of the day. He notes with gratitude that he still has not accomplished seven of the eleven To Do items that he has neatly printed onto the 26th page of Volume IV, 2001, of the small tablets he carefully manufactures from quarter sheets of old listings. He takes a small, careful swallow of the tepid coffee he has been carrying around for the last hour and wonders when the Joking Jesus will see fit to bless him with a sale.
Wiley taps his phone, You getting on the horn today?
Putting down the foam cup, Lex picks up his phone and draws it back over his shoulder before taking a vicious cut at an unseen ball.
Four bagger.
Go, Slugger.
Lex pounds the keypad like a frontier telegrapher beset by savages. As soon as his fingers finish dialing, they rise to massage the ill-matched salt and pepper caterpillars above the ex-soldiers eyes.
Mrs. Grabnel? Its Lex Tallion from Rhode Island checking to see if we are on course for this weekend. Ive got five showings set up.
Lex pauses and his fingers leave his eyebrows to point in the air as if to see which way the wind is blowing.
Oh, my God, Im so sorry to hear thatdoubly cursedYes, it was unbelievable When are the services? Yes, I understandI hope they find his body. Ill say a prayer. .Do you think you might want to come up by yourself this weekendNo, no, you misread me. I understand the gravity, I just thought you might want some time away. You have my sympathiesMaybe I could send you listings for some condosNo,no, again, you have my deepest sympathies. Please dont be so angry with meno, nojust a moment. My good friend, actually my cousin, Art Wilet, Father Art, has just stepped into my office. Let me put him on. Hes been a comfort to manyyesJesuitof courseGo with God
Tallion takes the phone from his ear and waggles it toward Handsome J as he punches the hold button on his console.
Wiley picks up his receiver and cradles it against his ear.
Mrs. Grabnel, its Father Wilet, I am so sorry for your loss. Let me offer my sympathies and Gods infinite strength and mercyyesa far, far better placeof course you doin timeHe doesyes, in this benighted placeno, I dont think he wasLexs alwaysno, I dont think he meant thathe wants to helpWell, I think He expects us to move onyes, sometimes literally move onto a cottage, a condolet God help you by letting Lex help you in these difficult times. God bless you, too. And may your knees hurt more than your heart. Let me give you back to Lex.
Tallion pushes himself to his feet and takes the phone Handsome J offers to him.
Mrs. G.? As I was sayinghes whatgurgling?hang onno, listen, hang onmy other office mate is an EMT. Here he is.
Lex shoves the phone in the direction of Rookies autistically waving hand. Rookies chair thuds as it crashes into the wall behind him. Tallion pulls back the phone and holds it to his ear.
Just a minute, Mrs. Grabnel. Hes having trouble with his oximeter. More gurgling? Maybe thats best.alright, I will.
Tallion pats the phone against a cheek.
Shes sorry. Its not a good time. You failed me, Rookie and, more importantly, you failed this great organization.
When Rookie starts to say something, a disdainful Tallion shakes his head, Dismissed.
For the next several minutes, Rookie shuffles and stares at the listing sheets on his desk while he tries to decide if Tallion has had a Mrs. Grabnel on the phone once, twice or not at all. When the retired colonel gets up from his desk to leave the room, Rookie considers hitting the redial button on Tallions phone to prove that the whole thing has been a scam. However, as he stands over the phone with his finger poised, a vision of an old woman being pulled from her dying husbands side appears to him.
When Rookie backs away, Wylie nods his head.
Watch and learn, kid.

* * *

I pull over onto the weedy ribbon of gravel than runs alongside Ten Rod Road to listen in greater safety to Jerry Freize vent about the stalled loan application of the Harkers, Rhonda and Randy, who are pushing the financial envelope to get into a house big and nice enough to save their marriage. Jerry wants to steer them into a program with a higher LTV, with the concomitant bump in rates, but Randy, a scalloper, wants Jerry to consider more of his undeclared income.
Since Jerry never talks in full sentences and cell phone reception in the forlorn western reaches of Exeter, Rhode Island is always bad, Im having some trouble deciphering the staccato blasts assaulting my ears. I feel myself drifting to the more interpretable scene of unending acres of scrub pine, a landscape which make my surroundings look more like Georgia, where I learned the arcane craft of killing strangers from a distance, than Rhode Island. Suddenly a noise bolting into my ear stirs a memory of a PRC-25 blurting on a muggy afternoon that smells, somehow, at least in memory, of piss and lemongrass. I am just back from killing The Sphinx. The post-coital glow is fading. My muscles ache from the hours of waiting. The minute of congratulations from Sergeant Zipp for sitting in a tree for a day, pissing down my leg and being patient with my assorted hungers, doesnt seem to do the trick as well as it first did several months before.
Jerry saying something about a gift letter pulls my mind back inside the car. I use the poor reception to mask my inattention.
Jerryyoure breaking up.
He takes the dough from mattress, givesto his mom, she givesback gift-wrapped in a ribbon withletter.
Why go to all that trouble for a couple, who, if they get this house, will almost assuredly still get divorced and default?
for you, Lex. You make a buck andhappier.
Jerry approaches mortgage lending as if it were a higher calling.
Happier what?
Life.
Thats a lot of punch for three grand, Jerry.
Sixty rounds of golf, thirty really great meals, weekisland.
Gum graft and a dental implant, Jerry.
The Sphinx killed Little Eddie. About six hundred yards. With a K-44. When Little Eddie scootched around on his roost. Probably trying to get a tingle out of his leg. A big part of sniping is ignoring tingles and itches. Eddies body got him killed. It somersaulted out of the tree and made a dropped melon sound when it hit the ground. I was about eighty-five yards away on the other side of a ravine. Until it got dark, I lay as still as Eddie not really knowing whether I was going to send a message or receive one.
Actually, I cant prove The Sphinx shot Eddie, but I like to think Im sure. When I squeezed off, I prayed my gift would be glacial slow as it struck his left cheekbone. I wanted him to feel his skin compress to a caramel film before my round nuzzled its stubby nose against the bone itself. But, in reality, the small scrap of not-leaf I managed to find in a sea of foliage just disappeared. Revenge is never quite what it should be. At that mysterious moment of noise and energy, The Sphinxs mind grew quiet and mine took on an added noisemurders ricochet a boomerang which continues even to this moment parked along a narrow road running between a million trees, watched by a solitary crow, perched perfectly patiently still high above me.
Sure, do the letter, Jerry. Ill call the oral surgeon.

* * *

Rookie is hunched over his desk making notations onto a slim pile of pink note cards and Wiley is fondling his day-book when Lex gets back to the office.
It wont stop with the towers of New York.
Lex stands in front of Rookies desk.
Got your tape?
Rookie protectively turns his pile of leads face down before wrenching open the bottom drawer of his battered desk and withdrawing a yellow-cased hundred foot cloth measuring tape. Tentatively, he offers it to Lex.
The veteran inspects the measuring tape, which has yet to be used, before smiling encouragingly to Rookie.
Good to dream.
He moves across the room and starts measuring his desk and recording his findings in the homemade notebook he pulls from a back pocket.
Wiley asked, Whats up?
Defense.
Bunker?
More pill-box.
Arent they passe?
Any porte-cochere in a storm.
Concrete?
Steel.
Quarter inch?
Maybe three eighths.
Lex pushes his chair aside, kneels down and measures the well of the desk. When hes done, he drops into his chair and begins sketching.
Handsome J watches for awhile before laconically asking, The plan?
Lex looks across the room and studies Rookie.
Think the kids okay?
I see him as more likely to turn his rage inward.
After mulling it over for a minute, Lex accepts Wileys judgment.
Line the well with steel plate.
Sure.
Put a plate extender on and hinge the middle drawer so itll drop down. Drill holes in the well sides and solder dead bolts on and Im as snug as a bug.
Dead bug.
How?
No food, no water, no communication and worst of all youre vulnerable to a flanking maneuver.
Wiley brought his hands to the edge of his desk and began to lift.
Take the shell from the turtle.
Lex collects his notes and sketches, grabs his coffee mug and uses it to salute Wiley.
Brilliant. Expect nothing less from a subaltern. I shall return.
Wiley returns the salute.
After the retired Army Ranger leaves the room, Wiley hands the tape measure back to Rookie.
There goes the shell of greatness. I hope you appreciate the privilege you have in working alongside him.
Turning over his worn-cornered lead pile, Rookie murmurs, I think I do.

* * *

Later on this Friday afternoon Lex finishes a coffee as he sits on a rock at the end of Rome Point watching small white caps decorate the Bay. After a moment he looks down and observes his feet crush razor clam shells.
Grandmother Courages face, split wide with a black-gapped smile, was shiny from the heat of the brazier upon which a blackened mortar shell held bubbling oil. Even though I am almost five hundred yards away, I think I can hear the sizzle as she slides a dozen packets of stuffed rice paper, just a little bigger than a fifty caliber round, into the oil. Having eaten cha gio many times at her stall just outside our perimeter, I anticipate her picking up a pair of large chopsticks to roll the logs of ground pork, garlic, ginger, scallions and tree ears until the rice paper turns to gold foil.
I line up my reticle upon the small brown bulb of her nose. The small group of Viet Cong she is preparing to feed squat on their haunches patiently. I review my thinking about choosing Grandmother Courage as my anointed, but the knowledge that her smile for me is so false hurts me in a place I haven't felt since high school. My breathing slows. My finger tightens.
Strangely, I remember a fishbowl, bought from Woolworths with leaf raking money, upending from my nightstand as I rush to my window to see who has pulled into our drive. I decide to wait until Grandmother Courages little creatures are rescued from the fire, wrapped in a lettuce leaf with a sprig of holy basil laid alongside and eaten by my enemies.
As I wait I compose my fable.
In an ancient, hot, green and troubled land there lived a wise, or unwise, wizened woman by the name of Grandmother Courage. Now, it came to pass that through the exigencies of conflict that Grandmother Courages beloved only daughter, Bach, was roasted in a rain of jellied gasoline. Grandmother Courage was left with three beautiful granddaughters, febrile memories, an altered heart and a perplexing question.
Sitting upon ground made damp by tears, Grandmother Courage asked herself who had brought such rain and what crop the rainmaker had expected to grow. After the mud around her turned to mire and her questions remained unanswered, the old woman decided that she must find an answer from one wiser than herself. She struggled onto her tingly feet and went to find the elder. When the elder, just three years older than herself, could not answer her question, Grandmother Courage spent a night before the shrine just outside her village. When no answer came from the small round saint within, she decided that she must journey to the great Tu Dam Pagoda in Hue.
Grandmother Courage left her granddaughters in the care of a small group of war wizards, invisible by day, who lived in the jungle a little way from her village. She packed her bowl and her best ao dai and set out upon the road to find one wiser than herself. After a walk of many days and great adventures whose recurrent themes were hunger and humiliation, Grandmother Courage entered into the great city of Hue, found the Tu Dam Pagoda and was brought into the presence of the revered monk, Trich Tri Quang.
With her head bowed, her eyes closed and her mind and heart as open as damaged gates can swing, Grandmother Courage asked the wise monk if the rain from hell was paved with good intentions. Trich Tri Quang, who had not lived to such an age that his wisdom had come to rest upon the bliss of ignorance, told Courage that the quantity of napalm is not restraind, it droppeth like the fiercest rain from heaven, an attribute of awe and majesty. The wise mans words entered the old womans heart and she began to heal. She begged a bowl of rice and began the walk back to her village and her beautiful granddaughters. With each step that she took during her long journey home, Grandmother Courage wished away another life of those who made the hot rain fall like mercy.
Grandmother Courage cooks and keeps her life for a few more moments and I study those hungry ones who killed my comrades, who themselves were comrades to those who glazed an old womans daughter in jellied gasoline.



Chapter Eight

Battle Won, Battle Lost


Mike Krants stares at the full-length mirror that hangs on the back of the bedroom door. Beth has called that Friday morning, September 14th, and, at what Mike supposes is immense disruption to her schedule, has told him that she is driving down from Providence to take him out for a late lunch. Dress review in his war years with the Marines discomfited Mike less than the oversight and evaluation that he knows is the sub rosa reason for Beths visit. More than two years before Evies death, but more and more insistently since then, Beth had been making arguments for the benefits of assisted living. Now, Mike guesses, after Tuesdays horror, Beth will be circling the wagons around her attenuated family.
Using the mirror as a guide, Mike presses the remaining strands of his hair in place. Too long, he is sure, but too late to do anything about it. No shaving cuts or stubble. His collar is down. No stains on his shirtexcept a small one. Fly, belt-buckle and belt loops pass review. He thinks the pants and shirt go together. His Topsiders are tied. He is without socks and wonders, with the passage of Labor Day, if Beth thinks socks are to come out as white linen pants are put away. He swears at the mirror. He isnt putting on goddamn socks until it is goddamn coldeven at the threat to his freedom.
Mike surveys the bathroom. Not bad, but he refolds a towel and checks for a third time that there is no pee in the toilet bowl. There are dishes in the drying rack, but he is pretty sure thats okay. Earlier he had discovered a half-eaten tray of microwaveable lasagna, found fear and frugality in conflict, wavered, then, erred on the side of caution by throwing the container up on the roof for the gulls.
Hubris leads Mike to insist that he drive. They eat at the Cull House Inn. Mike pretends that he wants a grilled chicken breast salad rather than the clam cakes and chowder that he craves. Their talk goes pretty well until Beth reveals that she has found out that David is in New York. Her disapproval of David putting himself and his family in harms way takes up most of the rest of the lunchtime. Mike is sorry for David, but hes glad Beth has homed in on another target.
The old man is feeling so good about his performance at the restaurant that on the way home he runs the red light at Beach Street.
Sitting on the deck, with her chair turned so that she can see both the bay and her father, a grim-faced Beth begins:
Dad, I dont know whether to be mad or sad. Im angry that you could have killed yourself, or me, or, God forbid, some mother with a van full of kids. Im sorry that every day steals a little bit of who I think you are. I know all this makes me feel like a shrew, but David definitely doesnt want to see whats going on. So that leaves me. Id love it if you could manage your life here, Beth pauses and turns her face full to the water, its so beautiful, but Im just not sure you canas well as you used to do. And you must know that I dont want to manage your lifeI barely have time to manage my ownbut I worry about you.
Mikes hand reaches over, hovers above Beths hand, then settles for the end of her chair arm.
Like Cordelia.
Beth smiles at her fathers graciousness.
I hope I dont get hanged.
There was enough of a question to Beths wish that Mike felt it necessary to shake his head.
Please, Dad, just think about your options.
Mike says he will and that night he does as, for a fourth night, he stays up late looking at little men with small buckets trying to erase a mountain of devastation. The longer he watches the scene in lower Manhattan, a scene eerily lighted and physically aloof, the lonelier Mike gets. He pours himself a glass of wineand not because it is good for himand wonders if any of the desolation he is witnessing also is passing through a camera balanced on Davids shoulders.
After a second glass of wine, although Mikes eyes remain riveted on the television screen, his mind drifts to the sulfur-stinking volcanic rock and death-filled hills and caves of Iwo Jima.
When Mike disembarked in San Francisco in November of 1945, finally knowing that he was safe, unlike eleven other marines who had been part of his squad, he decided to close the cover on that chapter of his life. With the occasional exception triggered by a phone call or Christmas card, Mike has lived his life in the presentuntil Evies death. Since that time, he has frequently found himself looking back. Tonight, he finds himself looking very far back.
Off-shore on the USS Missoula, Mike studies Iwo Jima through binoculars, which fifty years later will hang from a hook in his kitchen, and thinks it looks like the antithesis of a tropical Pacific island. Instead of the dense tropical forests, like those which had come down to the waters edge on Bougainville and provided total cover for the enemy, Iwo Jima is nothing but black sand, rock and a five hundred forty foot volcano called Suribachi.
As Mike remembers it, it looked as lifeless as the crater he is watching on the television before him.
He and his platoon, part of the year-old Fifth division, come ashore just before 10:00 a.m. on February 19, 1945. Despite intelligence, which guesses the tiny island has twelve thousand defenders (the actual count was over twenty thousand Japanese hidden on an eight square mile rock), Iwo Jima, which means sulfur island, looks deserted. As his men secure their zone and organize their gear along the sloping sand of Green Beach, the most southerly of the landing zones and the closest to Suribachi, Mikes eyes strain through his binoculars to see where the enemy is hidden.
Less than a half-hour later, with thousands of marines from the 3rd, 4th and 5th Divisions milling along a two-mile stretch of beach, Mike has his answer. The Japanese are hidden everywhere. In a split second the world goes from one where the throaty roar of the LSTs bringing troops ashore could be distinguished from the clank of the amphibian tractors crawling along the beach, to one where uncountable mortar and artillery shells flung down from Suribachi, like firebolts from Olympus, turn the island into a hell-fire. The noise is so loud that Sgt. Mike Krants is unable to give orders to his men. A couple of endless minutes into the battle, a 155 mm. shell hits just to the north of where his men are desperately trying to claw their way to safety in the soft black sand. When Mike raises his head, something, a thing, eyeballs blown free from their sockets bouncing on its blackened cheeks, rifle firing in the air, is racing down the beach toward Suribachi.
Mike takes his wine out to the deck and stares across Narragansett Bay at the lights coming from the homes on Jamestown winking in the Bays misty night air. At night on Iwo Jima, lights equally beautiful had winked from the muzzle of a thousand bunkers and caves for most of a month.
On Sunday, two days after he and Beth have had lunch, Mike decides to put his cottage up for sale and add his name to the waiting list at Narragansett Manor. When Beth asks why he is doing what he has refused to consider just two days before, he cant come up with a better explanation than saying that it is time. When Mike asks himself the same question the half-life of the Krants household (from four to two to one), the month on Iwo Jima, an aloneness that, Sirene-like, tempts him to talk to those not there, and the conjurers slick strange trick, seen a thousand times, of flying a toy into a stack of blocksall came to mind as possible reasons for his decision. But, Mike isnt sure if, or how, they are connected.



Chapter Nine

House of Warriors


Alex Tallion gathers up the digital camera, extra disks, the infrared tape measure, his PDA and cell phone, listing forms, and a printout of comparable sales and arranges them in his briefcase.
As he briskly walks up the fieldstone path, Lexs eyes make out a shadowy figure watching him from deep inside the silver-shingled cottage. Even after Lex reaches the door and rings the bell, the figure doesnt move.
Mr. Krants?
The man inside raises one leg but remains immobile for several seconds before approaching the door. After taking three slow steps, again, the leg hovers while the body above it recovers its balance. The hesitation reminds Lex of a horse with string haul.
Krants pushes open the screen door and introduces himself to Lex in a voice that is half gravel and half catarrh. That voice, when added to the deeply lined face, brush mustache and occasional jerk of the head, makes Lex think that Krants would have made a great retired colonel in some Shavian play.
After taking the tour of the two bedroom, one bath Thirties bungalow with its neglected carpets, dirty blinds, and burned-out light bulbs, after clicking a button so that millions of pixels of light will record the decline, after bouncing an infrared beam off old walls hung with young faces to determine within a tenth of an inch the dimensions of the Rasling nest, Lex accepts Mikes offer to sit on a disconcertingly low couch. While pitching his woo, Lex finds himself growing more and more distracted by the flickering images on the large console television.
personally designed marketing planbearded mullahsinternet video tournewly baptized sage behind a brown podium with a bright blue sealstate-wide listing servicelittle men crawling atop a big pile of rubbleelectronic lockbox.
Lexs focus wanders back and forth until he is forced to turn all of his attention back to the old man in order to overcome his objections to a six-percent commission. Lex opens his eyes wide to indicate honesty, nods his head slightly to convey empathy, leans forward to show earnestness, softens his voice to portray reasonableness and makes the pitch he has had to give more and more frequently in the red hot previous two years than at anytime in the prior twelve years that he has been selling real estate. If the house sells, he himself would get only one-quarter of the six-percent. Does Mr. Krants think it is unfair or unreasonable for Lex to gross $6000 if he were to sell the cottage for $365,000? If Mr. Krants insists on paying less than six-percent, which services is he willing to forego? Print ads? Signs? The Internet tour?
Normally, shame at his picayune behavior would cause the client to break off eye contact, but when Mike Krants continues his forthright stare, it is Lex who turns away from the old man's face to look at a clot of rescuers underneath a flapping flag. As Lex tries to overcome Mikes objections, he begins to hear a whispered commentary on his presentation. At first he thinks it might be the television, then, some kind of old mans ventriloquistic muttering, next conversation from a neighboring cottage.until finallywith a swelling nausea, he realizes it is his night voices, recently recalled to active duty, escaping into day.
Lex fights his panic, loses his train of thought, and becomes silent as he surrenders to the ghosts. His gaze inexorably drifts downward from Krantss eyes to his shirt front with its mis-aligned buttons, across the ancient hills of his knees, down to his scuffed shoes.
And?
And, Tallion repeats back. Then he looks up at the television screen, nods at the bright picture of a long line of dump trucks and says, How bout those Cubbies?
My sons down there.
Mike Krants points at the television screen with the remote control. Lex looks at the pile of rubble and the army of rescuers scurrying over it and wonders how comically misinterpreted the wreckage, picked clean of bodies, removed from the trade center site, and re-assembled elsewhere, will be by archeologists six thousand years in the future.
Doing?
Free lance cameraman.
Whats he say about it?
Not much. Little battle fatigue. I think it looks a lot like Dresden.
You flew?
Mike took his time before shaking his head.
Marine. Fifth Division.
Wasnt that the division that was formed for island assaults?
Krants looks sharply at Lex.
How do you know that?
Career military.
Marine?
Ill lose the listing if I say.
Mike laughs, You sure you have it?
Army.
Some pretty good soldiers.
Not sure I was one of them.
Vietnam?
Lex starts rubbing his ear.
Yes, sir.
Drafted?
No, sir.
Must have been the pay.
Lex points his finger at Mike, You got it. For the moneyjust like you.
Both are silent for a moment before Lex nods toward the television, You worried about him?
Probably less than he worries about me.
Lex takes his hand from his ear and makes a gesture encompassing the space around him.
You sure you want to do this?
A small harsh bark of a laugh parts the hairs on Mikes mustache like wheat in wind.
You in sales or social work?
Lex mocks the old mans laugh.
Seems to depend a lot on the moon.
Mike taps his fingers against his chair.
Write it up. Lets get the game into overtime.
Twenty minutes later Lex offers a set of papers to his new client.
While Krants reviews the listing, Lex strips years, weight and infirmities from the old man, dresses him in khakis and an Eisenhower jacket, removes that as being too light for a German winter, harnesses him with a Colt 45 and a pair of binoculars, has him climb out of a jeep with a sleeve held to his nose and make his way toward a blackened building. After Tallion has the image of Krants as he wants him, he metamorphoses the wreckage of lower Manhattan into Dresden. When that still doesnt feel right, he reviews what Krants has said and wonders what an islander hopper was doing in Dresden. Lex turns his attention back to Krants and watches the listing sheet shiver in the old warriors hands.
Later, back at the office, as he keys in information into the multiple listing fields for Krants house, Lex tells Wiley how he roped and tied the old man in thirty-seven seconds flat.
That night, as he lies in bed with his eyes closed watching Magooks moon face float in and out of his scope, Tallion shivers as he recalls the relief he felt when he realized the voice commenting as he made his pitch at Krants home was coming from a pair of earphones discarded in a corner of the couch. 



Chapter Ten

Repair


The wrong pen, the wrong paper, the wrong schedule, horrible coffee and pain, obdurate pain, had kept Frank from writing while he was in the hospital. Now, however, after hearing that laugh on his first morning in Shady Lea, and with the help of four cups of coffee, the resurrected author has eleven hundred sixty-two wordsor just over one and one half percent of a standard-sized modern novelwritten by noon.
The patient feels good. He is fulfilling the pledge he made to himself in the cemetery; however Frank does not feel so good that he wants to read his efforts. Instead, he rewards himself with a long afternoon nap.
Frank awakes to a throb high in his right leg just at the break. He begins to massage the cast with his fingers. Although the pain stays steady, the rhythmic movement of his hand along the shell brings Frank a certain comfort. He lets his mind switch back and forth from the texture under his fingertips to the heat within his bones. He wonders whether what he is experiencing is the ache of injury or the pain of healing.
He closes his eyes the better to see as he lays back skin and muscle to expose the jigsaw puzzle of the break. He twists his head against the too hot maternal hug of his pillow to hear the cries and imprecations of those working at the scene of destruction. What is occurring among those cells tasked with repairing the damage? Is there exhilaration? Joy? Recrimination? Resentment? Is the pain he feels from their exhaustion? Or their ameliorative efforts? Are these cellst-cells or leukocytes or something elselooking on in anger, shock or amusement? What force directs and synchronizes the relief efforts? Frank ponders how the assessment and treatment of severed muscle and splintered bone can go forward without a single conscious thought of his own. His breath catches as he considers how he, the conscious, though inebriated, he, has caused the harm, and how the orthopedic surgeon has put the bones in proximity and disappeared, and, then, how the healing has been taken over by agents concerned only and entirely with his well-being, agents of which he has and can have no conscious awareness. It is as astounding as if one hundred thousand words thrown from a paper bag fell in such a way as to make a wonderful story. Or a truckload of plywood, studs, nails, wire, insulation and PVC pipe crashes and produces a house.
Frank loses much of the end of the afternoon considering what kind of faeries there must be within his skin, how they came to be, and from where their art, craft and wisdom come. How he, with his billions of brain cells, vision, opposing thumb and sense of feel can conduct a chemistry no more difficult than pancake batter, while within his shell, these unknown sprites are engaged in the most complicated chemistry imaginable.
Just before his dinner arrives, Frank loops back to the healers state of mind. Are they always kind? Or, does their patience ebb as, year after year, they clean up the messes and repair the damage his conscious self has made? Was death the faeries revenge for his inability to learn or change? Who and what gave the spirits their marching orders? When did mercy fail?
Frank presses his hand against the mattress and shifts his body so that the headboard supports his head and shoulders. He searches his memory for a young Burnettone simultaneously tenuous and joyous taking first steps, steps still so miraculous that they deserved counting, across a bedroom floor. Finding none, he manufactures one and milks it of its emotion. Then, he takes that distillate and adds it to the memory Burnett has left with him from his visit four days before. Short successful hair in a managers monkish tonsure, tortoise shell glasses slid down on a sweat slippery nose, begrudged respect, condescension and exasperation in Burnetts voice.
The chemist too inept, the experiment in acceptance doesnt work. Frank stares at the light slipping past the curtains and uses the tip of his tongue to taste his bitterness.
That night, unexpectedly, as he had only meant to make some notes, another five hundred thirty-four words are born. Six hours later, after spinning slowly in the air of dreams before crashing hard into his bed rail, another three hundred eighty-three words leak from his pen and scramble their way across the pages.
Frank holds onto the glory of two thousand seventy-nine words done in less than twenty-four hours before sliding down into an uneasy sleep.
Scraps of voices, shuffling feet, dull metallic noises, the muffled rumble of rubber wheeled carts work their way into Franks early morning sleep. Before he awakes in Newport, however, he awakes in Paris in a monkishly narrow bed in a too bright fourth floor room on the Rue Cler. He listens to the rattle of steel awnings and the clink of empty wine bottles as their owners hurry down the street to exchange them.
Conflict over the Vietnam conflict and a last ditch effort to wrench free from the clinging despair of a failed marriage and prolonged writers block had sent Frank to that narrow street in the Fifth Arrondisement overflowing with cookie cutter petits bourgeosies. He had spent almost a year in the small sterile apartment feeling more like an exile than an expatriate. The results of those days had been exiguous, at least in terms of his writing. An aborted novel, a boxful of which was left in Paris, and a couple of hundred pages of somethingpart essay, part confession, part memoir, part confusionwhich had come back home with him and, thirty years later, remained stillborn. Those two pieces of work and a realignment of his thinking that substituted cynicism for despair constituted his creative output in the year of our lord, 1972.
In the tenebrous New England light the slight shake of Franks head as he awakens is scarcely perceptible. He toys with his dreamy memories of those Paris mornings and how the Pollyannish light insisted he begin his day. He would gnaw on a ficelle, calcified overnight, as he waited for pressure to work its physics on the fine grounds inside his espresso machine. Out on a balcony, which was just wide enough for him to sit in a verdurous wrought iron chair and just long enough to stretch out his legs, he would look at the opera bouffe below as he waited for the caffeine to awaken him to insight and close observationa moment which, unfortunately, rarely arrived.
Wresting himself from his past, Frank reassures himself that he has written two thousand seventy-nine words in just over twenty-two hours.



Chapter Eleven

Surreal Estate


Almost a week to the minute after the collapsing of the North Tower, Mike Krants is trailing behind Alex Tallion as the agent shows the videographer the four shots he wants of Mikes cottage. After a short argument with V-man over artistic integrity, which Lex loses, the three of them shuffle behind the camera as it rotates through 360 degrees making fisheye images of small yellowing rooms. Lex asks V-man if there would be any delay in getting the video up on the multiple listing and King Philip web sites. V-man says that as far as he knows, but he isnt exactly inner circle, they arent experiencing any stall-outs from 9-11. After the cocaine-thinned, long-haired auteur packs up his gear and kisses knuckles with his producer, Lex sits on the couch with Mike to explain the distortions the camera causes and to show him how to get his daughter to the web sites that will display the tour. Lex is writing down the web addresses when he realizes Mike has drifted away.
Lex stops talking, but it is a long time before Mike realizes the room has gone quiet.
Sorry.
You okay?
Mike takes his time pondering that ticklish question before saying, Can I show you something?
Sure.
Mike clicks on the television and powers up the VCR.
My son sent this up.
Less than four minutes into watching the unedited, disjointed video that David Krants has taken after abandoning his car as close as he could get to Ground Zero, Lex is getting the disconnect sensation in the back of his head. It is a feeling that he brought back from Vietnam, like a jungle fever, a feeling that announces a breakdown in his immune system. Lex has had years of searching for an antidote. Wine, women, song and fishing all have had clinical trials.
Now, as Lex is exposed to the disjunctive pictures and sounds, his PTSD tries to break free. After a few minutes Lex gives up trying to regulate his breathing and tells Mike that he has to get to Town Hall before it closes.
The former sniper experiences some relief when he gets into his car, but, rather than go home to his bed and a big belt, honor dictates he stop at Town Hall. After signing in at the counter of the Clerks Office, he walks with trepidation down the short hallway into the musty windowless records vault. Even before he finds it in the Grantees Index, Lex knows that the Krants have taken title to their home so long ago that the right record book is going to be in the vault annex.
Lexs hand leaves sweat marks on the curved steel handrail as he descends the wobbly spiral staircase into the hermetic annex. The low-ceilinged room is empty of its usual pods of hyper-kinetic title examiners and octogenarian genealogists. Instead, there is nothing but harsh light, rows of green cloth-covered record books, and dust motes crashing down through air too thin to keep them suspended. Lex gets as far as having the correct volume opened in his hands before he bolts.
By the time he finally gets home, his fear has made him stink like he did thirty years before and, even though drunk, his sleep that night is filled with ghosts and wraiths.
The next morning, remorse and hangover make Lexs typical late arrival to the agency even later. He is ministering to his headache and arguing with the copying machine when he hears Wileys most unguinous voice, a voice used solely for beautiful women, asking if he might be of help. Although he cant hear the answer, Lex assumes that it is a no because Wiley begins to climb the stairs. Looking up and seeing Lex, Wiley slows, bends forward, extends his tongue and mimes licking the banister rail. Reaching the newel post, he cups its ball in his hands and gives it a slow air kiss.
Hear youre getting sued.
Wileys mocking tone is enough for Lex believe him.
Curtsons?
Rook tells me his clients are talking to a lawyer.
Whys he telling you and not me, his mentor?
Either he doesnt want to hurt your feelings, or hes afraid because I told him how you had killed a guy in Vietnam for fucking up a mission.
Intermission. Wed come in off patrol. They were showing a double feature Dr. Strangelove and Barbarella. The guy couldnt get Fonda threaded.
As fast as her thighs went south, I can see why you didnt want to wait.
Broker know?
You smell smoke?
Lex finishes copying the forms for a showing package for Krants house. Back at his desk, Lex separates the paper into five piles and began collating the listing sheet, plat map, owner, lead and agency disclosure forms. Halfway through, he stops to stroke his chin with his rubber-tipped index finger. Looking at Krants agency form has reminded him that Rookie has never given him a signed agency form from his buyers. Lex isnt even sure whether Rookies people are clients or customers. Hes not even sure Rook knows the difference.
Lex goes back to collating and is pondering what the legal implications of sub-agency versus dual-disclosed agency are when he starts to swear. It has hit him that he had been about to clarify that with Rookie a week before when the North Tower was hit. The throw of the bones says this deal is going south.
Despite all the turmoil of the previous week, Lex has three requests for showings at Krants place within hours after its listed. Toward the end of the third showing Lex realizes that the idea of Mike Krants going into a facility similar to where his mother lives is causing him to point out more of the shortcomings of Mikes house than he normally would. He suspects some of this zealousness is because there are important things he can learn from the old soldier if he has time, but also he is feeling an inexplicable urge to take care of the old man. He realizes that from the first time he saw Krants silhouetted in the doorway, foot suspended in the air as his mind worked to control his body, he has had an overwhelming desire to grasp the thin mottled wrist or hold the tremulous head, smelling of a piney shampoo, against his chest.
Late that Wednesday night, Lex is slouched down in the chair where he best grows despondent, drinking Chartreuse from a glass mug and stroking Joanies back. He considers how Krants is bittersweet, like Chaplin, like Kahlo, like Cole Porter with his amputated leg and savoir faire. Puttin on the Ritz pushin back the painMiss Otis regretsLex slides his hand up to Joanies head and begins to dig a nail along the crease where her ear, like a small furred jib, tacks against his hand. Krants smile, spread out against a dozen teeth tilting in all directions, is belied by eyes made into bigger windows into his dolorous soul by thick-lensed glasses. He seems so British, jaunty, but unbalanced, as he walks wounded and aware toward the next harm life has prepared for him.
Lex tips the last of the mug of green liquid toward his sticky lips.
All life ends badly.
That is the conclusion he always comes to when his cup is empty. Despite effort or lack of effort, a trove of gifts or nothing, loves comfort or loneliness, it all ends badly. He plays with the thought that if he were to do no more than continue to sit where he is, before too long, a palsied hand would be stroking a desiccated hide stretched tight against a frame of small bones. Poor Joanie.
Lex drops his hand from the worn russet suede of the chair to search along the floor for more Chartreuse. After slowly sweeping back and forth along the cool floorboards, he realizes that he hasnt brought the bottle from the kitchen. With his hand dangling, he lets his head drop back against the chair and tries to match his breathing to the cats slow tempo.
A hugely inflated Magook in the Macys Thanksgiving parade. His head, grown bigger for the festivities, but still with the distinctive hole and oozing juices, is bobbing high above the crowd. A gust blows up Broadway and Magooks tether tugs hard at my hand and makes me re-think whether it was such a good idea to join all of the other revelers. But, I had wanted to do my part. A half-block ahead, I see the crowd cheer a bulging-eyed Garfield. Behind me, a thousand hands clap to an Iowa bands syncopated version of the theme from Rocky. Magook, despite his comically round face and his thick glasses, is being ignored. I am wounded by the rejection. Not so wounded as Magook was by my attention, but still. Suddenly, Garfield pounces from a gust of wind and, a second later, my own feet leave the ground. There is a split second, when Im less than ten feet above the pot-holed avenue, when I could let go. But I choose to hold onI wouldnt feel comfortable being on parade with nothing in my hand. The black shakos and red uniforms of the Iowa band look like a swatch of dotted Swiss as I pass over. The wind picks up and in seconds, Im hurtling over Central Park with its Great Lawn and small zoo. Next tourist site is over the Triborough Bridge. The churning cars remind me of maggots in a garbage can.
Im almost to New Haven. I can see the Yale Bowl and the harbor and, then, a fine look across the Sound to Montauk. Im getting tired of all this. No longer up to the kind of adventure that involves hanging on. I sight along the length of eastern Long Island as if its a rifle pointing into the Atlantic Ocean before I uncurl my fingers.
Somehow, Im neither happy, nor surprised, when Magook plummets to the ground and I rise to meet the gleaming heavens.

Lex wakes to Joanies sandy tongue licking Chartreuse from his fingertips.
In the morning, as soon as Lex walks through the back door of the office, The Professor, Double-end Ed, Rookie, Matty Hairy and Allabout Mia surround him. Lex isnt surprised. When he listened to the in-house broadcast message earlier that morning announcing that Broker has decided to go to New York with an ecumenical church group, he knew the pot was going to be vigorously stirred.
Although its less than a half-hour until the weekly sales meeting, Broker hasnt shown. That absence gives the agents full rein. What is Broker doing with church people? Broker only worships money. What kind of help can Broker offer? Broker doesnt give. Broker only takes. And so on for several minutes. Lex alternates opening his eyes wide and shrugging before breaking free to hurry up the stairs to his office.
Handsome Johnnys hands are tightly clutched, Abandoned in our hour of need.
Didnt a famous baker say that?
Our hour?
Kneadwith a k.
Oh.
Youre slipping, HJ. Ill be sliding into senescence without your quick wit to spur me on.
Mental feats, dont fail me now.
Better.
You and Broker parley?
Some. Some.
And?
Interesting. Brokers had a calling and, seemingly, it isnt the first.
What?
Mississippi. Sixties. Voter registration. Something with AIDSpretty early on. Now this.
Spotty, but significant.
Goodness comes in many a guise. Of course, everyones too cynical to think its for real.
But why? Why now and why not last year for whatever was the current disaster back then?
Lex answers Wileys question with upturned palms.
Maybe it takes too much energy to do it with any constancy. Locust take seventeen years to get the balls to crawl out into the world. Maybe Brokers goodness is following the same kind of pattern. Whats your cycle, Handsome J?
Wileys staccato laugh sounds like corn popping, Havent a clue. Im thirty-eight and I havent hit the goodness stage for the first time, yet. And I hope like hell I dont get it during my prime earning years. What about you?
Lex closes his fist into a microphone, Born under a bad sign.
So Nam was?
Strictly hormones. Place to blow off steam. Cry Havoc. And let slip the dogs of war.
Dylan?
Shakespeare. Julius Caesar.
Top doggerel.
Lexs laugh is big and borders on hysteria, On the nail, Handsome J.
The intercom squawks that its time for the meeting.
ALL JOKES ABANDON, YE WHO ENTERTAIN HERE
Lex pauses in the doorway of the conference room before sitting down between Lo and Rookie. Lo nods her perfect chin toward the green-board, What's that all about? Unhappy Broker.
About?
The attempted commission coup.
Lo sighs, A coup's no joke.
Except Nabokov's and maybe.
Lo shakes her head, C-o-u with a p not a double o z e.
Nabokovs had a p.
Coup?
Sure, Nabokovs coup was cou's coo.
Couscous?
Lexs brain is working so hard, he forgets his headache. Obtuse, but wry.
Not rye. Semolina.
Thats what Humbert thought. Cmon, no more dirty talk.
Cou's coup.
Lex kneads Lo's knee with the eraser of the pencil he had been holding.
Ever since Eve dropped her leaf.
The retired soldier leans back, stretches his legs and figures that he has held his own; however his satisfaction only lasts until Lo relaxes her legs enough that her left mates with his right. After considering that twice-enjoyed then often-rejected possibility, he turns toward Rookie.
Lost your cherry.
Rookie puffs his chubby red cheeks and blinks his round, bright blue eyes, but by the time he begins to burble something, Lex has turned his attention to feeling the heavy steps of Broker resonate through the legs of his chair and into the muscles of his buttocks.
Incoming.
Lo clicks her ballpoint pen, Lock and load.
Two-tone Tina and Allabout Mia click their pens in a show of solidarity.
Broker's bulk fills the doorway. The trace of a smile grows to a full eighteen-dent display, then fades back to a bemused trace as Broker completes a sweep of the room. Unsnapping the cap from a flare-sized marker, Broker turns to the green board and, underneath the admonition to abandon jokes, writes 16, 4, 27.
Is that the combination to success?
Two-tone Tina, who has as much trouble distinguishing between the actual and the rhetorical as she has with her roots, ventures an anguished but peppy, No.
Broker taps the board.
Sixteen houses and four lots listed and twenty-seven pendings. And three of the houses aren't likely to be sold in the remainder of my short, mean life and seven of the pendings have Hubbards.
Lex feels turbulence along the left side of his body as Rookie tenses at yet another real estate term that he doesn't know. The colonel allows himself to slip into the novices mind, an efficiency apartment, he guesses, if there ever was one, to think of shoe-like houses, or maybe giant, knobby blue green homes, whose sales were complicated in some unknown manner by the presence of numerous children. To relieve Rookies condition, he whispers, Hubbard. Not mother. Not squash. Kick-out clauses. Seventy-two hours.
Broker turns again to the board and scratches: 1643 672 9321 68631, draws a line under the sequence, and finishes by writing a 1 under the line.
Anyone like to guess what these four ratios are?
Lex, as the oldest of the fourteen agents in the room and, with his twelth year in the game, among the most experienced with Broker's ways, guesses, to himself: phone calls, foam cups, toilet paper sheets and advertising costs.
His first answer is incorrect.
Sixteen hundred forty-three sheets of paper towel used as of last night at midnight since our last new listing. I sit in my office bleeding, hemorrhaging, while I watch you wander back and forth drinking my coffee in 672 of my foam cups so that twenty minutes later you can squirt what's left of my coffee into one of my three toilets, then wash your hands with my water, dry your hands with my paper towels and then march around with your brain cells jumping with my caffeine to find some other lost soul to tell some joke that has just come back to you after sitting on a dusty shelf in the mudroom of your mind for twenty years.
Colonel nods upon hearing the mud room consonance. Its been a while.
Broker's voice rises. And somehow, someway, some of you think I should change the splits. I dont want to hear anything more about that. Everything I do for youfrom putting your face in the paper to providing you with parking to paying for signs to filling and emptying your bladders has gotten more expensive. Ive spent 68631 dollars in advertising since the start of the year. If I had more brains and less heart, I would change the splitsin my favor. When is this revolt going to end?
Unable to endure Brokers stare, Two-tone Tina, one of the original conspirators, capitulates, Now.
Where is it going to end?
Tina's high-pitched, Here, is joined by the mutter of a half dozen sycophantic agents.
How is it going to end?
Several seconds of uncomfortable silence end when Rookie, henceforth to be even more despised by his colleagues, blurts out, Cold calls.
The phrase hangs in the air like a fat dog's fart.
Broker's head begins swaying on its neck like a born-again Baptists.
Amen. Listings aren't received. They are earned. They don't fall from heaven like manna.
Lex pushes his thigh against Lo's and softly croons, If you were my womanna.
Lo bats her eyes. To the manna born.
Brokers glare straightens Lexs spine and quiets his lips.
Im going to New York. I expect things to run smoothly while Im gone. I expect there to be more listings and less trash when I get back. I want the phone bill up; the water bill down and sleeve after sleeve of foam cups sitting peacefully in the storage closet. And from now on, of all the people in the room, Im the only one doing any pissing around here. Do I make myself clear?
After the others file from the room, Lex stacks the eight orange chairs that are only used for the sales meeting. He orders the six blue and chrome wheeled chairs into their proper orbit around the nucleus of the conference table. After he finishes restoring the room to order, Lex wonders, as he has for almost six hundred Wednesdays, why he does it. Before he can come up with a plausible answer, the intercom announces its time to mount up for the tour.
Lex sits in the back of Allabout Mias Durango with Lo. As always, Mias plaints, delivered in a voice that reminds Lex of Bill Clintons near-tears quaver, cover a broad spectrumpoor pad thai at the Chou-en-Chow, the cost of her highlighting, crooks on Wall Street, sexism in the church, mealy apples. Lex hangs on for awhile, receiving Los elbow digs and acknowledging the roll of her amused hazel eyeswhich happens when Mia goes through the peregrinations of her lower intestine. Lex first drifts away while walking through Mias new listing a rust-colored gambrel with a 25-inch television in the bathroom. He comes back to ground in a manufactured home with a chandelier, which crystal excesses suggest it could have been booty from the sacking of Versailles, but then wanders off againHe has borrowed Bill Ross history of Iwo Jima from the library and read it for five hours the night before. He has lain awake in bed and imagined crawling up thick black sand, using the butt of his rifle for leverage. Krants is by his side. Krants body is indistinct, but capable of moving himself and his forty-pound pack forward. When Lex tries to fill in details of Krants appearance, he cant get Krants younger than sixty. In fact, the face that most readily appears to Lex has Krants looking like Howling Mad Smith, the sixty-two year old Marine in charge of the U. S. attack.
Lex relaxes against Mias leather seats and feels how much easier it would have been to crawl through the firestorm below Suribachi than it was to sit high up in a rubber tree. He knows it would have been easier; he just isnt sure why.
A pressure, halfway between knee and hip, opens his eyes. He is looking straight ahead, but he can see half of what Lo calls her dirty smile. The SUV slows, turns into a perfectly edged macadam driveway. Wary plastic deer stare from a circular garden of hosta and white marble chips. Deep on the lot sits a modular home looking more like the packing crate that, however improbable, it might have come in than the house itself. Looking through the windshield, Lex sees the doors pop on six cars, then like a Dadaist drug raid, bodies burst from the cars and hurry up the stamped concrete walk in pastel mules and two-toned boat mocs.
Lo pats Lexs thigh, as if she knows what is to come and wants to comfort, and then is gone. Lex drops his chin on his chest and sobs. And, although the sobs are so strong they actually make his ribs ache, they are not so overwhelming that some implacably responsible part of him, stopwatch in hand, fails to remind him that he probably has less than four minutes to purge himself before the raid is over.
Getting back in the car, Lo slides close enough that Lex thinks he can smell the raspberry jam she may have had for breakfast. She touches his thigh a third time and when he turns to her, she cocks her head and winks.
After the tour, while most of the agents mill around in a plenary session devoted to lunch options, Lex, feeling pain from his head down into his knees, pulls himself upstairs to his office. He regrets that he has scheduled three more showing at Krants place. When he walks into his office, he is surprised to see Rookie sitting at his desk.
Why arent you down at the pre-feeding frenzy?
I dont think I should have said anything about cold calling.
Politically incorrect, or impolitically correct.
Im not sure Im going to make it.
This honest insight wounds Lex as he has been wishing, almost since the day he arrived, that Rookie would gather his toys and seek some other refuge.
You will. You just need to be fearful enough that you forget to be afraid.
From the look on Rookies face, Lex can tell that he has fired high.
Here, look, its easy.
Lex picks up his phone, twirls it like a gunfighters Colt and dials.
Mrs. Mercer, this is retired Colonel Lex Tallion and I'm a relator from the King Philips Agency here in town. Little house, big porch on West Main Street. Yes, ma'am, with the begonias that need pinching. We apologize for that, but the market's been very busy. Mrs. Mercer, we need your house. There are soon to be orphans in Afghanistan, and, probably, more orphans in the Moluccas, particularly Todeli, who are starving because of natural calamities and political shenanigans. Yes, that is a nice Irish name. I think a lot of the Shenagians did come from Inis Beag. Mrs. Mercer, the commission our agency would receive from selling your home could go a long way toward alleviating some of the pain these young and hapless sorry typohopeless souls are suffering.
Colonel swivels in his chair to give a thumbs-up to Rookie before again concentrating on the phone.
This afternoon?let me check my scheduleno that would work for me. Three is fine. I'll see you then and God bless you for your gracious heart.
Colonel holds the phone receiver in front of him as if it is a baby, jiggles it a couple of times while cooing, then drops it back in its cradle. He pushes himself up from his seat and mutters, Cakewalk, as he walks by Rookie, whose face has the bewildered concentration of someone blowing an algebra exam. After the veteran leaves the room, Rookie looks at Lexs desk and wonders what is real and what is not. 



Chapter Twelve

When the Past Isnt


The last three times she has been in his room, his formidable aide, Alma, has accused Frank of malingering. He is four days into his stay at Shady Lea and has not yet left his room. It is not pain and disability, however, which confine Frank to his bed. Rather, he is afraid.
Although he has not experienced a flow of words like that first day, Frank has managed to write between five hundred and a thousand words each day. He is sure that the laugh, heard once or twice a day, is the catalyst for the most and, Frank is beginning to think, the best writing he has done in years. His near-death has opened a door, but it is the laugh that is pulling him forward down a long corridor filled, first, with doors, and, then, drawers within long-locked rooms. That laugh, her laugh has energized him in the same way it had more than a half-century before.
Each night, too excited, too drained, and too uncomfortable to sleep, Frank fights a panic that the laugh will lose its magic if he is to see its owner. He recalls how years before he himself had written that, of all things human, only a laugh remains unchanged by the passage of time. Her laugh, even though for him it is disembodied as it dances along the hallway outside his closed door, is attached to powerful memories. An oval face with amused gray-green eyes and asymmetric arching eyebrows. A swollen lower lip. Legs that started firmly on the ground and ended in the mystery of the stratosphere.
As much energy as Frank spends writing, he spends even more fighting off thoughts of those long legs burled with failing veins, of a lip chewed from worry and flecked with dried skin. Fights, too, the thought that the laugh might not be Legs Lyles own. Fights almost as hard the thought that, again, it just might be hers.
Fights, but finally loses, to Almas demands that he rise from his bed.
A panicked Frank uses those last hours of the night before his dining room debut writing without cessation. He gets Peleg out of Camp Pendleton and on his way to the Pacific. He considers transmuting the affair his mother probably had with Willi Hess to Willis brother Dieter, made captive in the POW camp where his mother dispensed her care. He uses even more of his imagination when Phil Weiss calls to see how much progress he is making.
Phil is delighted and, half-jokingly, suggests Frank stay at Shady Lea until the story is done rather than taking up residence again at Phils condo when he becomes able to fend for himself.
Franks panic spikes when Jen S, one of five Jens who work at Shady Lea, checks on him, his pills and pillows just after ten. He asks her who owns the muted laugh he is hearing at that moment. She shrugs her shoulders and says she has no idea. She can barely hear anything. Frank grows angry that she cannot hear what he hears so well. He asks her to step outside to listen. A moment later she returns and says she guesses it might be Serena Tallion.
Serena Tallion. Frank finally falls asleep just after midnight wondering what that might mean.

* * *

The dining room is nearly full when Alma pushes Frank across the threshold for his first public breakfast. The noise, already muted by the thick carpet with its gold fleur-de-lis pattern on a maroon background, grows even quieter as about a third of the diners stop what they are doing to study Frank. His anger grows at he looks down at his wrinkled pajama top and, a la FDR, blanket-covered legs.
Forget this.
Be a brave boyo.
Alma wheels Frank to a large round table whose top is just high enough to allow the arms of the wheelchair to slide under. Two men, one bald, one not, both with glasses askew, themselves both in wheelchairs, nod simultaneously in welcome. Alma introduces Frank to Ralph Murkin and Pete Hobbs.
Pete stares at the part of the table that covers Franks legs.
Stroke?
When Frank hesitates, Alma said, Broke, and walks away.
Although there is no reason to assume that they are cooked any differently than what Frank has been eating in his room, the dining room scrambled eggs seem drier and more sulfurous, the toast chewier, the coffee much more bitter. While he picks at his meal, Frank first learns how his tablemates would revenge themselves upon the terrorists and expedite the salvage efforts. Later, he learns that Pete had been an electrician at the Electric Boat yard at Quonset and has four grandsons who seem to have feistiness in common. Ralph Murkin, whose yellowish eyes are magnified to yolk-size by his thick glasses, had been a foreman for the Department of Public Works in Providence. Ralph becomes very disconcerted when he finds, even though he himself despises them, that Frank, despite living in New York City, has not been to a Yankees game since Mantle played.
Frank himself becomes disconcerted when he hears the laugh coming from behind him; however, by the time he manages to twist himself around, the laugh is gone.
Alma has said she would be back to collect Frank at the end of the meal, but after another story from Pete about another feisty grandson, Frank decides that he doesnt need her help. He is in his room clicking his pen against his teeth as he stares at a piece of paper sporting a single sentence when Alma gives the door a tap and barges in before he can say no.
Whatd you think?
Loved it.
The best part?
Thats tough. Its between appearing before a roomful of people in my pajamas and getting the dish on Petes progeny.
You need to do it.
Why?
So you wont get depressed.
I think I have a much better chance of avoiding depression by staying in here.
I know, but its the rule.
Youre kidding.
Alma gnaws at something on the inside of her lip.
Its my rule.
Is my leg going to heal any faster out there than in here?
No, but your heart will.
I didnt know my heart needed healing.
Almas laugh is bitter.
Most men dont.
Silver threads and golden needles.?
A silent Alma tidies Franks room until a seraphic intercom voice pages her to come to the whirlpool room.
If I finish five hundred words, Ill go.
You drinking coffee?
Yes, of course.
Deal.
Alma balls her hand into a fist not much bigger, or smoother, than a kiwi and gives Frank a thump on the shoulder. As she turns toward the door, Frank glances at the nearly empty page before him and asks, Whos Serena Tallion?
Short or long answer?
Shortfor now.
All glow and no go.
Frank writes thirty-eight words in the next hour.
When he makes his rolling entrance into the Commons, those patients who are sitting in geriatric modified university chairs reading, at least those whose peripheral vision is good or concentration poor, lift their heads and stare at him. When they drop them back down it reminds Frank of cows in a pasture. The three tables of card players at the far end of the room ignore him. He wheels himself over toward a fireplace, but backs off several feet when he feels the heat being thrown off by the gas logs. He shifts himself toward a small Sheraton table that has a sloppily refolded newspaper on it. He angles his chair and, like a hunter in a duck blind, settles in behind the Newport Daily News.
Within five minutes, Frank has identified Serena Tallion as a card player with reddened lips, carefully cropped silver hair, flighty hands and a promiscuous laugh. From where he sits forty feet away, Frank can not make a determination whether the owner of the laugh bears any resemblance to his fifty-year-old memory of Legs Lyle. During the half-hour that Frank plays with the Daily News, a personal best since coming to Newport, four Shady Leaguers, as Alma calls them, each ambulatory and all women, stop by to introduce themselves. One, two and four are sorry for his injury. Two weighs as much as three and four combined. One and four smell like lilac talc. Three smells like a breath mint. In addition to bearing some resemblance to a pig, two smells like bacon.
When Serena Tallion laughs as she and her dapper leprechaun partner win their rubber, Frank rapidly folds the newspaper and propels himself toward the door.
Back in his room, the author and his pen remain motionless as he forces himself to consider growing old. Someone, he thinks it might have been Bette Davis, has said growing old is not for sissies. In the fifteen years since he has turned sixty, his strategy has been to ignore the whole process. He has never applied for Social Security, has never eaten in a particular restaurant because it was a Senior Tuesday, has never taken a discount on his dry-cleaning. Despite months of constipation and, occasionally, blood in his stool four years before, he had not been to a doctor for at least ten years before the dirt bike crash. Since he tends to wear jeans and jerseys when he is working and khakis, blue oxfords and a navy hopsack blazer when he is going out, Frank thinks he has avoided looking dated. He skis in the winter, swims and sails and plays tennis with friends in the summer and takes long walk-abouts, both rural and urban, at least, twice a week. When, usually at night, usually after four drinks too many, the unbidden thought has come, he has admitted to growing older, just as he has every day since hes been born, but not to growing old.
Of course, there has been the occasional frisson when, while walking into a drug store or hotel lobby, he has failed to recognize the man in the hopsacking blazer walking toward him on the closed circuit monitor. There has been the day, really just the summer past, when tears pulled at the sides of his eyes as he studied a fiftieth anniversary picture of his Brown classmates. He had been able to identify a half-dozen formerly close friends only from the caption beneath the photo itself.
Frank pushes his pen barrel against the side of his eye until the sting goes away. He asks himself, but can not answer, why, or even if, it makes any difference at all whether the old woman winning at bridge is, or more accurately, ever has been Legs Lyle.
After lunch, which he insists on eating in his room, Frank writes twenty-eight words in two hours. He cant keep his thoughts from traveling back to when he was first published. In those early days he had often wondered if Legs knew what he had accomplished. When he went back home to visit his parents, he would ask old friends if they had heard anything about her, but the answer remained the same. From the time Legs had left at the end of their junior year, she had not been heard from. Yet, despite her disappearance, Legs had acted as his Muse for many years.

* * *

When he enters the Common Room a second time, Frank minimizes eye contact even as several of the inmates sitting in chairs look up from their books and magazines to stare. Two women, one looking daft and the other dazed, offer tentative smiles. At the far end of the room are two tables of card players. In between is a group, most of whom seem to be sleeping, in front of a washing machine-sized console television. Two large women, like furless cats, bask in the sunlight coming through the French windows. After angling the wheelchair so that he can see not only out the window, but also elliptically watch what is going on in the room, Frank picks up the pages of manuscript he has brought with him.
His muse remains mute and within a few minutes most of Franks attention is given to the steady stream of cars rushing by on the street that curves past the home. He puts himself into a mind so that the cars feel like months and he feels like dying. After working the emotion, trying to articulate its intricacies, trying to see if, or how, the feeling might jive with being on a troop ship, and deciding there isn't much there, he loses interest in the cars. Instead, he forces himself to read and annotate the pages before him, but after three pages he finds it so dispiriting that he shifts his concentration to the card players he has studiously ignored. Although Serena Tallions back is to him, Frank studies her carefully care-free silver hair and the slope of her shoulders.
When the bridge game breaks up, Serena Tallion notices Frank, smiles and then makes her way across the room.
Hello. Welcome to the party.
She offers her hand.
I'm Serena Tallion.
Frank Rasling.
Serena nods as if she might recognize the name before gesturing at Franks casts.
Were you run over by a bus?
Something smaller.
SUV?
Frank thinks he detects a slight, but once familiar, arch tone, but Serena's smile is so warm that he decides to discount it.
No. A motorbike.
And your age is?
Despite knowing he is being deceived by a smile, Frank finds himself answering, Seventy-ish.
Well done.
Serena indicates the card table she has left.
My confreres and soeurs are often looking for a fourth. We prefer someone who is not so medicated that he forgets his bid, yet not so clear-headed that he notices our mistakes.
I haven't played in a long time.
It passes the time.
Frank blurts out, Is that the goal?
Serena reaches down and touches a finger to Franks wrist.
Not for all.
Frank immediately regrets that his frustration has erupted.
I'm sorry.
He touches his cast.
I want to be vertical. I'm not a good patient.
Well, if you become one, please join us for a rubber.
Frank talks to Serena at dinner and again in the Commons the next two days, but never for more than a few minutes. Most of his time he spends is his room sorting through memories of the war years or making desultory changes to what he has written. The more time Frank spends with what he has written, the less he likes it. And the less he likes it, the less able he is to write more. It eats at him that his fears are coming true. He has met the owner of the laugh and now he is dry again.
In his hours in the cemetery, it had not been his idea to resuscitate The Oddest Sea, the old vapid story of Peleg and him that he had given up for dead so long ago. Instead, it was his fancy, particularly after what emerged in his first day at Shady Lea, that Fixed Wing Flying would be alive, vibrant, good. Now, at a standstill, Frank wonders whether he should get Burnett to go to the condo and bring back the battered box, with the dry curling tape, that Frank dragged up from New York when Phil consigned him to the Newport gulag. Frustrated, and feeling the onset of a familiar paralysis, Frank wonders if there might not be something that he can salvage from those old efforts.
After asking Alma to wrap a blanket around his knees, Frank wheels himself out to the Shady Lea patio. Although the bricked square looks bleak with dying vines hanging on its lattice sides and a scattering of leaves and litter nesting in a corner, it feels good to Frank to draw fresh cool air into his lungs. As he watches kinetic chickadees work the perches on a feeder, it reminds him of the waiters at Tavern on the Green. When a squirrel races across the lawn to search for seeds fallen from the feeder, Frank imagines Fat Farley, three sheets to the wind, digging through the pistachio culls at Brennans.
It is not until the squirrels leave that Frank begins working out the dialogue for that nights visit by Burnett. His son has called two nights before to say that he would be driving down after work for a quick visit. Even though it has been decades since they have been closeFrank thinks probably since Burnett went away to Andoverhe has been hurt that its been a week since Burnetts last visit. Frank is savoring the flavor of that hurt when the patio door opens and Serena walks through.
Thinking or dreaming?
Just getting some air.
Like a drowning man. I've been watching you through the window. 'A handsome head, but troubled visage.'
Frank puts his hands on the wheels of his chair, but isn't sure what to do after that.
Is that mine?
Serena snaps off a piece of clematis that is dangling from the lattice.
Austin in A Bell to Ring.
If memory serves, which it frequently doesnt, I was doing a lot of drinking then. I'm told the earlier stuff is better.
Serena breaks the vine in two pieces and, using them like chopsticks, begins to pick at the dried clematis leaves.
But, harder for the library to get. Is it impolite to ask if the papers on your lap are something new?
Not really new. Resurrected.
About?
Frank takes his time before saying, I've never been to sure how to answer that question. I think it's a story about a boy who goes to war.
Vietnam?
No, our war.
Ohthe good war.
So they sayexcept for the fifty million dead and their families and friends.
Serena drops the twigs onto the pile of leaves.
I think they mean a good war for Americans.
That does cut out ninety-nine point five percent of the casualties. Franks makes a decision to dive into deeper waters, Was it a good war for Legs Lyle?
Serena stares at Frank before turning her face to the street.
Frank expects her to say something, but he is surprised when she asks, What happens to your boy?
The writer wheels his chair toward the patio door.
He has a bad war.

* * *

Frank is in his room when his son arrives. He thinks Burnett is beginning to look jowly. They eat the picked herring and pumpernickel Burnett has brought while Frank responds appropriately as his son deconstructs what is happening to the stock market.
In just over an hour his son is gone and Frank is wondering why he even came. After five minutes of that futility, Frank gives himself over to finishing off the herring. He has to admit that it isn't bad, but it doesnt compare with what Willi Hess once made. 



Chapter Thirteen

International Relations


dd i googled around w/stuff id pulled from mamasans little leather boxtook awhile but, eureka, i foundgranmamasans lover, mamasans begetter and the longtime figment of her imaginationBUSHIDOMAN evry once in awhile id think about tracking BUSHIDObut whythat I never cud figurehe didnt look for us, why wud we look for himbut 2day somethin changedknow thine enemywho is it that came killing so long agowell, dd, BUSHIDOMAN is a [b]REALTOR[b] how kool is thatafter 25 yrs in the army, B-MAN retires and decides to stay in the same biznessland ownership and land conveyanceeven kooler he lives down the rdin ri, by whatever h2o ri inhabitsand soooo kkkkooooooooollll is that he likes helpin 1st time home buyershe has a d-gree in his-story, maybe he likes it cuz he made some of his own in vnam and he likes readinga real [b]MAN OF ACTION[b]his web page duznt mention a wife and kid so i wonder how mamasan will feel about thatif I decide to share all this great news grampy alexprobably has a boxful of my cousins ears in his atticim goin to keep snoopin aroundnow that pandoras opened the box I cant help but b interested in how BUSHIDOMAN fukt gramasan and fukt my country so long ago. gnight, dd
ddsorry to bother you, I know ure not supposed to talk to a dear diary more than 1-ce a day but i couldnt sleep & ive been drinking, thinking & and making artsee: mamasans hatred for he who allowed me life and wished us death made her shoulders strong, her heart hard and her vision weakmamasan(theoretically so delicately balancedlike a teacup in a dowagers palm between catholic mercy and confucian reverence for her ancestors), spewed hate like a harelip spittle{this image is why the Big Crimson gets the Big $$}when mamasan stooped to pull the weeds that sought to steal the holy basils home, it was his hairwhen she poked a mound of steaming rice with a stick, it was his eyewhen she yelled at me or da-d, it was for himor so, later, she would say as she fleetingly touched my cheeks with hands no longer roughw/out memory of my own, w/out a picture 2 meditate on, w/ nothing more than a rawhide thong, stiff from age and sweat, holding a small silvery tag stamped with figures, my hate, so encouraged by mamasan, was hard to grow and harder to sustainmy grand paws ghost, reaching from the past, wispy, w/out wisdom, has whispered at me throughout my lifei would cock an earan ear so acute 2 so much around methe babble of different languages, all the dialects of my country, the crowded market of emotion which could overwhelm the immigrant and the teen and, especially, she who is nearly bothbut, w/ grand-paw, i would hear a rising and falling of syllables, emotionally toned, of which i could make no senseyet, mamasan, so insensitive to my teen-angsted chatter, would hear those whispers as challenges, declarations of war, promulgations of hegemonyshe would hear and make sense of those sounds beyond my ken and mutter back her own threats and imprecations my grand paw has a name, obliterated by some violent act of my mother or her mother, a blood type, a string of numbers forever attached to him by his warrior past, a religion no different from my own godlessness-sometimes i would hold his tag like an amulet and cipher his conduct under the moral mathematics of confuciusother times I would use holden caulfield, frodo baggins and bridget fieldsbut, however i do the math, i always end up in the same placemy grand paw, if his body lives as well as his acts, has ISSUES.but what is harder to understand is y im so incensed at what these amerikans did to vnamis it real or should I just chalk it up to teeniatricsgrand paw, whom i tended to think of as a string of numbers on a tag has always been so mystical, that it is hard to accept that that he is more than a ghostthat his flesh inhabits the earth, like the taint of rotted fish on a seashore dogand this notion excites meand on the ninth day, having spent the eighth day working out the details of velcro, duct tape and cold fusion, God created the World Wide Web and saw that it was goodand we, his adulatory minions, received his gift with joyous incredulity-but soon, some sought airfares and others the etiology of disease, the hagiography of actors and rock stars, recipes using monk fish and samp, spiritual consolation, bits and bytes of sexbut, me, a tiny spider, discontent in my small corner of the interconnectivity, look for grandpawfrom whom all bleatings flowgnight, again, dd



Chapter Fourteen

Atoll Tales


Mike Krants has been leaning against his cane for so long that he is afraid his knees might not work when he decides its time to go. However, at the moment, he is happy to brace himself against the handle of the stick for the rest of the afternoon. He is taking a moment to catch his breath. Above him, three white sails race across the deep September sky. Around him buzz a half-dozen panicky bees looking for anything sweet. A soughing southern breeze brings the sour tang of rotting apples and bobs the purple heads of the pot of mums Mike has brought to Evies grave.
When he first arrived he used his cane to sweep the fallen leaves from around her tombstone. Later, he recited as much of The Owl and Pussycat as he could remember. Lastly, he has sung a recently created personal version of Over There that includes the line, Tell her a Yank is coming over there.
Its the song that has winded him. He stares at the granite marker, scratched with a half-dozen words, and breathes slowly and deeplythough not so deeply that something will catch and cause him to cry out.
While his real estate agent is showing the house, this is where Mike has cometo wander past the memorials of strangers, while strangers do the same at his place. Even though Lex is working hard at accomplishing something Mike is becoming less sure he wants to do, Mike likes him. In a way, feels sorry for him. How a colonel can be a forlorn kid, Mike isnt sure, but thats what Lex seems to be to Mike. Fifty-seven and lost as a sixteen year old.
Mike makes the harrumph sound he uses when he suspects hes bullshitting himself. A full bird colonel, a sniper in Vietnam. Needy Nelly? He doubts it. Whats more likely is that he, Mike, is the needy one. As the clouds evolve from sails to sheep to sheepdogs, Mike chews that over. Hes lonely. Damn lonely. Thats an easy call. Cooped up. But that he can change. Go to the Senora Center and play bridgemore likely spades, or broken heartswith the biddies. Or, buy palette and paint and dabble at the Art Association. Churchill writ, or brushed, small. Very small. Take one of those buses to see armor in Worcester or Joel Gray in New York. Or he can go to the Last Shot and drink a pitcher of beer while he fiddles with some clam strips. That might help. Would help. Pass the time anyway.
Passing the time. Mike conjures up buckets going hand-to-hand in a firemans brigade, like what is happening with a mountain of rubble in New York. He leans forward and pushes both palms against his knees to get himself unlocked. He looks up. The clouds are too far gone over the water to distinguish them from the horizon. He gently taps Evies stone with his stick.
Oh, girl. Im going nowheretil its over, over here.

* * *

Mike Krants disembodied head floating in the car window gives Lex a queasy feeling as he pulls the cottage door closed after the last of his showings. As Lex hurries down the sidewalk, the car door slowly opens and Krants becomes re-embodied. The agent counts four pieces of French fry and a nubbin of bun resting on the ridge that demarcates the bottom of the old mans chest from the beginning of his belly.
Sorry. Been here long?
No, no.
When Krants extricates his feet and plants his cane to push himself from the old car, most of the food falls from his shirt.
Good showings?
We say all buyers are liars, but, you never can tell. I think the couple who just left like it a lot, but if they make an offer, Im guessing they will be tough to deal with. The husband kept complaining about the size. Of course, hes probably not the one keeping their eight-room house clean.
When Mike snorts, Lex experiences a small joy at seeing a couple of bun crumbs blown free of his clients mustache.
Look okay?
Lex nods, and, except for the spattering of urine spots on and around the toilet, which he has wiped clean, the place has looked pretty good.
I think you were right to get the new rug.
Beth thinks I should just have had it cleaned. I showed her that area where you tried to clean it, but she thought a professional could have done a better job.
Did you tell her I had Warp Speed Klean look at it?
Mikes jaw and shoulders each drop a half-inch. His right hand rises to the side of his head. Lex puts his hand out to reassure his client, but stops short of touching him.
Dont worry about it.
She doesnt trust Realtors.
Shes watching over you.
I told her youre okay.
For that, therell be a higher seat in heaven for you.
A second snort removes the last of the detritus from Krants face.
I get vertigo.
Lex hovers alongside as the old man, with the hesitant gait of a tightrope walker, makes his way down the sidewalk in a nearly straight line. When Krants pauses to get his keys from his pocket, Lex asks, Your dance card ever open for lunch?
Krants looks up.
I might have an opening or two. Last minute cancellation. 
Tomorrow? Twelve-thirty? Last Shot?
We going to drink it or eat it?
Lets see what the specials are.
Ill fit it in.
Want me to swing by?
Nope. Driving myself is high adventure.
Ill be wearing a rose.
Under the Biltmore clock.

* * *

Despite the temperature being in the forties and it being after two oclock in the morning, Lex sits on his deck and stares at the stars. Grandmother Courage was squatting in the corner of his bedroom when he came back from sleep. She muttered and half-rose as Lex slipped by her; however she hasnt followed him out of the bedroom and through the house. At least, he doesnt think so.
He makes the sky above him the thumb of God and dismisses any hopes for mercy. Far away, a tractor-trailer hurtles down Post Road with the sibilance of a bandage being ripped from skin. His house makes a noise like a cracked knuckle and he considers how to forestall its impatience. A tree limb sways and, for a split second, a round-faced apparition appears in his kitchen window.
Lex is sure that Mike Krants is sleeping, and, if dreaming, then dreaming of nothing older than his lifes love passing. Lexs dream of loves passing is different. Through some immeasurable grace, he has shot one fewer bullet. He brings Grandmother Courages granddaughter, Hai, home with him. Has a child with her. A girl, bright and unhappy. Then, a second, a boy, joyous as a child, confused as a teen, solid in his twenties. Moves his family from Georgia to Kansas to Massachusetts. Has the girl Leonora seems right for a namean architect, unmarried, living in Pittsburgh. The son, maybe a Matthew, living just up the road in Exeter restoring houses. And Hai suddenly disagreeable, then distant, then dead fromlymphoma and he out on a cold deck on a sparkling clear night awakened by a unending grief.
Lex swallows his fourth dose of Chartreuse, created by monks to augment faith, and envies Mike Krants his nascent sorrows.

* * *

The four tables at the end of the Last Shots scarred bar have emptied and Rhonda, after refilling their iced coffees, has disappeared. Mike and Lex, their spiral fries congealed to waxy serpents, trade stories and, then, just talk.
Mike had gone ashore on Iwo Jima early on the morning of February 19, 1945. It was his fourth D-day. He had been in the assaults on Uvea and Pauvuu, which were cakewalks. And he had been in the first wave of fourteen thousand marines who had struggled through the rough surf and drowned and blasted bodies at Bougainville at the beginning of November 1943.
When Lex asks which was worse, Mike takes a long moment before answering that he doesnt know. Bougainville was all jungle right down to the waters edge. Hand to hand fighting, especially at night. Poisonous centipedes as big as lizards. Lizards as big as cats. Dysentery. And rain, rain and more rain.
And Iwo?
All rock. No cover. The sulfur stink of the volcano. And, not a Jap to be seen.
Lex and Mike pick at their desserts as they compare the tunnels and caves of Iwo Jima with the low slung, slugholes of the Viet Cong. Mike tells a story about losing four of his platoon to a Bougainville sniper tied high in a tree. And the something, beyond satisfaction or vengeance, when two shots from Krants rifle had left the sniper hanging upside down, his blood and gout running into his face, struggling. Lex had wanted to tell about Magook, the old woman, Sphinx, Barney Google, DIrtagnan, Mister Moscow, Nyet Viet and some of the other players in that game from long ago. But, he refrains. Mainly because he isnt sure whether a torrent of words, or something wetter, would tell the tales.
Lex asks, Whats the worst thing that happened to you in the war?
Turned my back.
Lex waits.
We had been on Iwo for nine days. Suribachi had been secured. Ira, Strank and those boys had raised the flag. We had cut our way all across that end of the island and had turned north toward the Motoyama airportswhich was the whole reason we were there. It was late and I was looking for a place to hunker down. I sent my best scout out to check out a little rocky knoll, which I thought might give us some protection. He came back and said that the knoll looked good. We followed him back up. When we got up there I saw something that looked like it might be the entrance to a cave. I sent him over to check it out. When I looked up a couple of minutes later, he was gone. Usually we used grenades and flame throwers on the caves, but we couldnt do that because we thought Peleg might be in there.
Lex finds the old mans eyes have drifted to the far end of the room. Lex waits for Krants to go on. When he doesnt, Lex asks, Just gone?
For two days. Then we found him. Ears gone. Eyes gone. Mouth sewn shut around the stub of a guys dick.
Jesus.
Not around.

* * *

Lex whispers a Hail Mary to the stars, takes a long pull on the Chartreuse and slumps even further down in his chair. He imagines Mike Krants, in priestly garb, but with epaulettes, expunging his sins and wrapping him in the relief afforded by a mercifulLex breaks off his thoughts to stand at the railing of the deck and piss into the darkness.
When Lex goes back to bed, Joanie pushes her head against his finger so that it digs deep into the itch inside her ear. Her front paws, just below his chin, knead his undershirt. Although half-conscious of the relief he is bringing to Joanie, Lexs attention is held by the developing scene at the end of his bed. DIrtagnan, whom he hasnt seen in years, is reaching a comradely arm around a man whom Lex assumes is Peleg. To Lex, it appears that that arm brings comfort. The tremor of muscle, obviously distorted by the object in the white mans mouth, appears to be the beginning of a smile. Pelegs body leans toward the muddy little Vietnamese. The weight of Pelegs affection disturbs DIrtagnans precarious equilibrium upon the foot-board. He lists and a glob of porridge spills over the shattered arc of his skull. As it slides along the little mans cheek, Joanie lashes her claws into Lexs chest to protest the sudden pain deep inside her ear.
The cats attack having scattered his thoughts, Lex sits up in bed and hugs his knees. After a moment of silence, he begins to whisper a familiar mantra.
Buyers are liars and sellers are thieves. He keeps it up until his heartbeat slows and an inexplicably merciful Joanie is back between his arms.



Chapter Fifteen

Revelations


Frank Rasling doesnt ask Serena Tallion a second time if she is Legs Lyle. He just assumes it. It is more than the laughter. More than the occasional moment of sarcastic playfulness. More than heels that remind him of feet he hasnt seen in fifty years.
Frank takes a pencil from his bed stand and works it under his cast toward an itch that has been begging for his attention. After the itch is sated, he is too antsy to stay in bed. Too impatient to wait for Alma to help him, Frank risks her wrath by maneuvering himself into the wheelchair. As he makes his erratic way toward the Common Room, Frank tries to ignore how big his hope is that Serena will be there.
Just inside the doorway, he stares at her handsome head with its bright visage. He watches her work a crossword puzzle for a few minutes before rolling toward her. When she looks up, her smile is warm but quizzical.
Going for a wheel-about?
I was feeling cooped up.
Serenas hand indicates the room.
Were all cooped up.
Ive been wondering why youre here.
Serena laughs, Dont I seem decrepit enough to qualify?
For someone living in assisted living, you dont seem to need much assistance.
Serena leans forward conspiratorially and touches two fingers to her breast.
Its my heart.
Oh.
It was empty.
Frank says nothing.
My husband died a little over four years ago. That took a lot of purposefulness out of my step. I suppose a doctor would say I became depressed. I considered it grief, but that seems to have become an old-fashioned word. I drank a little too much. I ate a little too little. I became careless with my medication, which led to being a little forgetful, a little confused. The wise decided I needed care. I came here, specifically because my son, Alex, lives nearby. Surprisingly, I like it here. I like having my meals made for me and I enjoy having people around. My health is good. My memory is fine. As Alex used to say when he was very little, Aubetta. Im aubetta.
Serena stops for a moment before saying, Except for my confusion over the something small, but insistent, that flutters inside me when I see.
She gracefully tips her head toward Frank.
Frank remains quiet until Serena pats his wrist.
Just arrhythmia.
Serenas laugh causes Franks eyes to sting.
Tough authorjust like his booksjust like Hemingway.
Not really.
Serena stares at Frank until he looks away.
Hows the writing?
Boring.
To you or the reader?
To me, although its probably a boredom born of frustration. What were you doing in the war?
Not enough. Do you want to share this puzzle?
Frank nods yes, makes a three point turn to park his chair next to hers and enjoys the next hour smelling Serenas perfume and watching her slim fingers fill in the blanks.
After eating lunch together, Frank asks Serena to come back to his room. He sits leaning forward in his wheelchair, his fingers twitching, his eyes moving from Serena, to the window, to the past.
Serena looks up from the pages she has been reading.
Did you really break into your dads market?
Yes, we really did. Except it wasnt really Dads, it was Willis, and it wasnt really breaking in. I unlocked a window right before we closed up for the night. A couple of hours later Peleg and I crawled through.
Did you find anything?
None of this is going the way Frank planned.
Two selves I didnt much likethe betrayer and the coward. We did find letters, but rather than in the English code that I guess we assumed we would break, they were in German. That foiled the plot. Peleg wanted to steal them so we could show them to Jack Wharsten, who, supposedly, knew some German, but I was sure that Willi would notice the letters were gone, get worried and stop spying. At least, thats what I said.
Frank starts to say more about the letters, but, instead, pauses.
Serena asks, Do you remember a lot of anti-German sentiment?
Sure.
As much as Japanese?
No, of course, not.
Serena rotates her hand in question.
Color.
And that transcends all else? The ideologues, the monomania, the managed, rational evil?
Frank puts his hand out for the papers in Serenas lap.
I dont knowLegsSerena.
Serena leaves Frank in confusion. He has never shown anyone, not even Phil Weiss, something that wasnt polished. Even after he has made it as good as he can, he has always hated the moment when a reader gushed, tried to be literary, or looked embarrassed. However, he had been so sure letting Serena read some of Fixed Wing Flying would let him decode who really owned Legs Lyles laugh.
That night Frank listens to the sounds of cars and anticipates their lights bursting through the half-drawn curtains, racing across the ceiling and down the far wall. He has spent hours in the dark scratching at a dozen itches under his cast with a straightened clothes hanger. He knows that Peleg is flat, just a character, because he really doesnt understand him. As Frank works the wire down to another irritation, he tries to imagine what Peleg would have been like at seventy-five. Speeding down the Salt Pond and out past the breakwater in a big Grady White rigged for tuna. Reading Forbes while giving himself a twenty-minute workout on a stair machine. Bullshitting while he has his hair cut. Staring at his approaching end with angry eyes that refuse to see his hands bagging groceries in a Stop & Shop. Arriving early, pumped up on caffeine and a need to do, at a new home site for Habitat for Humanity. Stretching out in a Lazy Boy watching his second baseball game of the day.
As Frank stares toward the black window, he constructs dozens of images of an old Peleg and each seems plausible. And, that, he admits to himself, is the problem. If all those old men are plausible, then he doesnt really know the boy who had been his best friend, former enemy and first tragedy.

* * *

The following morning, Frank wheels his way into the Common Room after two hours of effort have produced eighty-three words. Uncharacteristically, Serena is sitting by herself with a closed magazine resting upon her lap. Despite his misgivings, he makes his way to her and nods toward her lap.
The hardest part of writing is getting the reader to open the damn thing.
Serena doesnt seem surprised by Franks levity.
A Kennedy or Windsor on the front and coupons inside help.
Ill tell my publisher. What coupons are best?
Shampoo and toothpaste.
Frank makes a show of writing down Serenas suggestions in a notebook balanced on his lap. Indicating the notebook with a flick of her hand, Serena asks, Hows the work going?
Frank nods, Im doing okay, then corrects himself in a way that he hopes Serena will find engaging.
You know, its really the other way around. She speaks. I just record.
The muse speaks to you?
She doesnt speak. Or, at least, she hasnt spoken to me in a very long time. She whispers. She mumbles. She raves.
And thats enough to get you to follow her around?
Im her smitten, besotted beau.
Serenas eyes are unwavering when she asks, You never feel like youve been scorned?
Frank fights the urge to jerk the wheels of his chair backward.
No. Never.
After Frank wheels himself away, his anger so energizes him that his fingers tremble against the wheels smooth sides, but, once inside his room, the anger buzzes around and wont settle down. He is left with eighty-three words for that day. The next morning Frank stays in his room and forces himself to make words.
Even though Mr. Edgars, rushing into the parking lot insisted that they shake hands, which, with three of them caused some confusion, the results were the same as an earlier quarrel over Briseis.
Like a hummingbird, Franks pen hovers, then darts to the page to double dot an umlaut over the priests daughters second i, then went back to its motionless flight before dashing itself to the paper to scratch out the string of words it has just formed. Legs Lyle was no Briseis, nor was Legs exactly a Helen, although she had caused Peleg to go to war; but somehow, Frank thinks, the fight over her, which had flared up in an instant, had had its roots in Homer.
Frank considers leaving out the connections between Homer and what had happened in 1943, but, despite the problems of symmetry and scale, he decides that he isnt ready to let go yet. He tells himself that his friendship with Peleg would have played out differently if Brownie Edgars had not had them read Homer.
There have been times before, for example, some of the early days in Paris, when Frank fossicked his memory to make a chain of events from those long ago days. He had linked Legs arrival to Peleg and his own unspoken rivalry, then on to their fight, and, finally, Pelegs death. That engineered thinking had birthed The Oddest Sea. Now, he has to see if it that causality is integral to Fixed Wing Flying. He sits and thinks, but the thinking becomes so painful that he decides to pass over Legs role as Fate or Attic muse. Instead, he skips forward in the story to where he has decided to find Willis brother Klaus, escaped from the POW camp, hiding in the graphite mine.



Chapter Sixteen

Ideal Breakers


Alex Tallion thinks about his death and, surprisingly, finds it uninviting. This disconcerts him. So many times in his past in verdant Asian forests and small town bars, his ex-wifes back yard, along a quiet highway, he has been energized by the idea. It has seemed as welcome as walking into late afternoon light after a bad movie. But, now, it doesnt feel the same. The thought of his end brings him an image of standing in the path of a tank. Before him saplings shriek and splinter. Earth is churned and spewed. A shock wave of unbearable noise is flung forward to wrap him round while he stands helpless.
Lex doesnt understand why what once seemed such sweet surcease should have become a terror, but he guesses it has to do with inexorability. In earlier times his death has been his choice. Now, in some new way, he knows it is his unalterable fate to join the ghosts who, once again, hover around him.
Lex is sitting in his kitchen. Before him is a small corral of graham crackers enclosing a glass of Chartreuse. His hand hovers over a cracker before dropping back down on to the table. He has been to see Mike Krants that afternoon. After a long first, and much longer second showing, he has received a mediocre offer from a dispiriting couple. The Lenzers, ugly of visage, grating of voice, brusque, distrusting, yet certain of their own virtue, have gone through Krants cottage with the same care Carl Kraeling and his band of archeologists had displayed during their excavation of Dura-Europas. Each and every baseboard ping, the stripped head of a cabinet slider screw, an inch of punky grout between the tiles alongside the toilet, two cracks in the steps down to the Bay have been taken as personal insults and pre-meditated acts of deception.
Doing most of the second showing, Lex has consumed nearly all of his energy fighting the urge to tell the Lenzers that his professional standards preclude him from taking an offer from customers who score more than 8.5 on the Asshole Index and that with their near perfect 9.773 A.I.
He has called Mike.
Hi, Mike, Ive got an offer from those people Ive been waltzing through over the last two days. Can I drop by?
In a colder voice than Lex is used to hearing, Mike says, Is it worth it?
My experience is that everything is worth looking at.
Thats a pretty fine net. What time?
Mike is sitting on the deck in a webbed chair when Lex arrives. A cup is filled with peanut shells. Although Mike half-stands to shake Lexs hand, he avoids his eyes and Lex has a premonition that this particular negotiation is going nowhere.
Before Lex can pull up a chair, Mike asks, Where are we?
Lex takes his time opening the clasp on the manila envelope.
Finance seems strong. Standard pre-qual letter. Close date is normalsix weeks. They want physical and mechanical, bugs, radon, and septic for inspections. About what youd expect.
And the number?
Lex passes the purchase and sale form over to Mike. Mike looks and hands the paper back.
Thats it?
Its a start.
Not for me. Tell them nothanks.
Mike, its an opening offer.
No.
I think you should counter. Come down five, or three and see what they do.
You want some coffee?
Lex laughs nervously, No, Im already pretty wired.
Lex reaches out toward Mikes mottled arm, but stops short of touching it. Mike, with 9/11 this is all pretty dynamic. People dont have a script. No one knows how this will play out. I think.
Do you like the number?
Lex shakes his head.
You like these people?
No.
Then, lets move on.
Mike, no one knows where this market could go. People are scared, confused. Another attack and you might not see another buyer for months.
Seals should show up pretty soon.
Mike
No.
Despite the fact that it is going to cost him a double-end, Lex feels a perverse joy as he dials the Lenzers number.
Hello, Sherrie, its Lex Tallion.
Just wait, Ill get Harold on the other phone.
Suspecting what is coming, Lex holds the phone away from his ear.
Mrs. Lenzers shout to her husband is loud enough that Handsome J looks up from the Architectural Digest he is thumbing through.
Harold?
Im here.
Lex, were here.
Lex hits the speakerphone button and takes a four count.
Lex?
The colonel awaits another two seconds before beginning, Ive talked to my client and presented your offer.
Lex turns toward Wiley and smiles. Beginning with his right pinkie, Wiley straightens a finger with the passage of each second. He is on his left ring finger before Harolds voice ricochets around the room.
And? Whatd he say?
No.
In perfect outraged harmony, both Lenzers exclaim, What?
No. He said no, no thanks.
With whats going on, is he nuts? Christ. And whats his counter?
There isnt any counter. He just said to tell you no and to thank you.
Well, whats that mean?
No usually means no.
Handsome J picks up a pen and fakes a thrust into his heart.
A shouting Mrs. Lenzer says, But, we want the place.
Yes, I know, but at a price that my client doesnt want to accept.
Both Lenzers are talking simultaneously. Lex guesses that the wife will be the first to stop, but he is wrong.
Im sorry I couldnt understand what you were saying 
Mrs. Lenzer, loud and shrill, asks, How much does he want?
Hes asking $365,000.
Thats not what the fuck I asked.
Mr. and Mrs. Lenzer, Im late for a periodontal appointment. I need to go. Thank you for your interest. And best of luck.
As Lex hangs up the phone the Lenzers are sputtering about going to the Ethics Board.
Fuck em.
Double fuck em, fore and aft.
Johnny Magic pulls out his wallet.
You played that just right. Twenty bucks they call back by tomorrow.
Lex dismisses the bet with a flick of a hand.
Im no Pete Rose.
Did you see what I put in your mailbox?
No, I came right up. What is it?
The Magic man waggles his eyebrows.
Shit.
Lex charges from the room and returns a minute later with envelope in hand. The night before he has gone to bed knowing, with a martyrs faith, that he is going to double end his listing of the Moniz ersatz colonial. Now, he stares at an envelope, emanating evil, and knows without a doubt that his dream is doomed. He slits the paper with a pen cap and smoothes out the offer to purchase. His eyes dart.
Money about the same as his offer.
There may be hope.
Better closing date.
Shit.
Dont care if hot tub stays.
Double shit. Getting rid of pit bulls has become easier than figuring out the fate of old hot tubs.
Okay for neighbors to continue to harvest fruit from the Moniz three tree pear orchard.
Damn. Damn, damn.
Lexs head drops to his desk like a feedlot steer meeting the stunner. As his hand, holding the purchase and sale agreement, rises from the desk and waves it like a flag of surrender, Rookie carefully walks in holding a monumental cup of coffee and inspecting something on the end of his index finger.
Lex whimpers, A brief glory.
Handsome J guesses, The Moniz manse?
Yeah.
Whos the agent?
Zilker. Who else.
How does she do it?
Professional skills and a positive attitude.
Rookies quart of coffee cants like a Pisan tower as he sits down at his desk.
The hair?
The hairs gotta help. Its not a color often seennor easily forgotten.
Wiley carefully watches Rookie take a sip as he thinks about the matter, then asks, The rack?
Lex turns his hands up in ignorance.
Youd think, but I dont know. I guess the rack as a rack is fine, maybe even excellent, butnew tits on an old body, its like putting halogens on a Model Tl.
Then, what?
Lex drops his voice, Her thing.
Yeah?
Youve seen it, right?
Wiley shakes his head
No? Really? Its usually there for the looking.
Commando?
Usually.
Nice?
Maybe not nice, but impressive.
Next time, Ill look.
Know your competition. Its a hell of a thing. First time I saw it, really saw it, it had its winter coat and I didnt know whether to feed it peanuts or take it for a walk.
Lex guesses that the jets of coffee shooting out from Rookies nose should clean up any obstruction he might have been experiencing earlier.
Wiley tilts a finger toward Rookies corner.
Double espresso.
Rooks always au courant.
It is late that afternoon when Harold Lenzer calls back. With neither pleasantries nor apologies, he tells Lex that they will offer $358,000. Lex uses his shoulder to hold the phone as he dials Mikes number.
Its me. Theyre still in. How do you like three five eight?
No.
No?
No.
Lex pulls the phone away from his ear and holds it over the cradle before putting it back against his head.
Why, Mike?
I want $365,000.
Mike, I admit theyre horrible people, but they are offering you 98 cents on the dollar. And at that price, you are getting the highest ratio of sale price to assessment for anything thats ever sold in Hamilton.
Lex, youre paid to walk point.
Mike, no one ever listens to their agent, but I sincerely believe you should take this offer and run to the bank.
Im long past running.
Did the seals show up?
Not yet.
When Lex finishes talking to Mike it is just after five on a Wednesday afternoon; however rather than getting back to the Lenzers, who will be at home, Lex opts for the Cowards Path and decides to leave a message on their answering machine in the morning.
Despite having phone to ear and writing something into the log book, Broker has a hand free to motion Lex to wait when he tries to slip by. Lex slouches against the doorframe and massages his eyebrows as Broker finishes up.
Broker drops the phone onto its cradle up and points to Lexs eyebrows with a pen, That the most you been getting lately?
Its enough.
Our desires change.
Like a conductor, Broker points the pen at a chair. Lex sits.
Whats going on with the old man?
Were working an offer.
Brokers eyebrows begin crawling upward.
Enlighten me.
Buyer started at three thirty-three and now theyre up to three fifty-eight.
Brokers massive head tilts sideways.
And?
Although it makes him feel like a cocker spaniel, Lex cocks his head so that he can look at his inquisitor directly.
Hes looking for full price.
Im looking for serenity.
I told him he should take it.
Does he really want to sell?
I think hes like all of us. 9/11 has him hinky. Wifes dead. Worlds changed.
Youre ex-army. Twist his arm.
Lex nods and pushes himself from the chair.
Im leaving for New York tomorrow. You want me to put Rookie on it?
Lex tries to read Brokers face.
A long silence and then a small smile, Just fucking with your head.
Lex nods, Better than with my pants, I guess.
Lex hitches his khakis back over his waist as he leaves the room.
Lo is swearing at the copying machine as Lex stops to grab his jacket.
Sisyphean labors?
More Chaplinesque.
Great Dictator?
Modern Times.
As Lex works through the reference, Lo, imaginary wrenches in hand, reaches out and tweaks his nipples. Lex grins.
Im irresistible today. Probably the plaid shirt.
Los hands travel up to Lexs collar. As she straightens the tabs, she coos, More likely your indefatigable strength in this time of weakness, your implacable courage in our days of fear.
Does this mean Im useless in the nighttime?
No, it just means Im fearless at night.
Lex nods, My memory serves.
Lo pats Lexs shoulder.
We still might need to refresh that sometime.
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
As Lo reaches down to the collator and pulls a dozen copies from its shelves, she murmurs, And rideand ride.
To distract himself from the tightness in his chest, Lex asks Whats that? Bay Street?
Yeah.
Not to be cruel, but at that price, those copies should last awhile.
Lo shrugs, If the stock market keeps dropping, these could be among my personal effects when Im dead.
Lo shuffles the papers against the copier cover to punctuate the conversation. Lex puts out his hand but stops short of touching her.
Want to get a coffee and watch the sun plummet?
Lo manufactures her rueful smile, Sorry, but Im meeting the girls for a workout.
Our minds and spirits also need exercise.
Thanks for your wisdom, but Im at a stage where its my butt before my brains.
Lex folds his hands and makes a slight bow.
Sayonara.
After a double shot of Jameson at The Last Shot, Lex decides that tonight is the time to visit his mother. Her name has been on his To Do list since the day after the attacks, and he has called her several times, but he has managed to find many reasons to delay the visit.
Traffic is light on both bridges as well as in Newport itself. The after-effects of 911 in Newport go beyond dusty air and a scrim of dirty clouds. Although Lex started out with no intention of eating, the idea of having dinner at a decent restaurant with neither a reservation nor a long wait, appeals to him. As a result, he arrives at Shady Lea a little more lubricated than he has intended. Since it is not yet seven-thirty, Lex is surprised that his mother is not in the Common room kibitzing with MacNeil Lehrer. Even more surprising, she is not in her room. Instead, Lex finally finds her in the dining room, which is empty except for her and a man in a wheelchair.
When she notices him, Serena offers Lex a smilehalf-amused, half-quizzicaland beckons him across the room.
Frank, this is my son, Lex. Lex, this is Frank Rasling, famous author and unexpected ghost from the past. Frank and I knew each other in high school.
Lex extends his hand as he says, I remember your books in our bookcases.
Let us now praise infamous men.
Noticing Lexs eyes drifting from his face to his casts, Frank laughs, Collateral 911 injury.
The Jamesons suggest a retort, but Lex keeps his mouth closed. He turns to his mother, How have you been?
Better than a lot. Mrs. Prutier, the one with Grace Kellys hair, but red, lost a granddaughter. And Frank lost some friends. He lives in New York.
Under Lexs eye, Frank adds, Not that close. Although, with a tragedy, it seems like everybody is bosom buddy with a victim.
Serena nods, Six degrees of separation.
Frank demurs, Usually less.
Except with family.
As he has hundreds, if not thousands of times before, even as he retorts, Except with family, Lex knows he will regret it.
Franks short laugh, as he pushes himself away from the table, is without humor, You must know my son. Nice meeting you. Good night, Legs.
As soon as Franks wheels clear the room, Lex begins his apology; however Serena cuts him short.
Just swordsmanship. How have you been?
Irrationally exuberant.
Serenas hand slides over to Lexs fingertips. He keeps his hand still.
Have you been watching the news?
Actually, not much. How about you?
Theres kind of an unwritten rule about it in the Commons.
Lex pulls his fingertips free to scratch his temple.
Is that the staffs idea or the clients?
The patients. Were mostly a bunch of old women, even the men. We had five years of this in World War II, another four in Korea and ten years of Vietnam. Thats a lot of uncertainty.
The good old days.
Serenas jaw juts toward the doorway.
Frank being here has certainly stirred up a lot of those days for me.
What happened to him?
He wrecked a dirt bike.
As his mother tells him Franks story, Lex wonders about the Lenzers offer. He considers whether he should call Mike Krants daughter. He hasnt spent that much time with the old man, but it seems to himand here Lex smiles at the irony of his reference pointthat Mike is doing a pretty good job of caring for himself. If selling the cottage is just a response to 911, that is different from failing healthbe it mental, physical or spiritual.
What was he like back then?
While Serena gives details of the meat market, dances and Franks love of Homer, Lex thinks of how flying an airplane into a building has caused so many bodies, long buried, to walk the earth again.
Why did he call you Legs?
Thats what some of the boys called me back then.
Still could.
Youre sweet.
Lex smiles at his mothers praise as he tells himself, For a killer.
On the drive back from Newport, Lex realizes that he may have missed an opportunity. He is a sophomore in high school when he first begins to doubt that the man he calls Dad is his father. It starts as a wisp of an idea, something that floats through his head at odd times and slightly fogs how he perceives the world. However, with the distance growing between himself and his parents, he never considers asking them directly. Instead, he becomes inquisitive about the file cabinets in his fathers office and the collection of boxes in the attic.
It takes several months of searching during the rare moments he is alone in the house before he finds his parents wedding license. He is just past his second birthday when his parents marry. Even with the knowledge that he has been born illegitimately, Lex says nothing, until years later when he is home on leave prior to going to Vietnam.
When he asks, on the last day of his leave, as he and his mother sit in the back yard under the gingko tree drinking iced tea, Serena tells him that his father was someone she knew in high school who had joined the marines, gone to war and died. Lex asks for his fathers name, but Serena refuses to tell him. It is important who raised himnot who fathered him. Within days, Lex finds himself much more occupied with avoiding his death than investigating his birth. By the time his tour is up, in addition to his own, there are many other kinds of cause and effect Lex is willing to leave behind, including a small sad girl with a rounding belly.
As Lex speeds down the spine of the Varrazanno Bridge, then slows for the Wickford exit, he ponders what might be gained by asking Frank Rasling about his high school memories. Those thoughts, unclear but persistent, follow him in the door and stay alongside as he drinks four fingers of Chartreuse. As he tips his glass and lets the last of the syrup slide down his tongue, Lex decides that whatever he asks and whatever he learns will not alter where he is and what he has to do.
When the aggrieved Lernzers up their offer to full price, Mike Krants accepts it. Lexs feeling that it is a wrong move for the widower, birthed during his visit with his mother two nights before, grows stronger. He doesnt want to think about the old man walking carpeted corridors rather than the pea stone and crushed shell path that runs south from his house. Would Mike be any less lonely staring at a clutch of chattering women across a room than hearing the loud arguments of a flock of seagulls? Would Mikes health be that improved by having an inviolate number of hours between balanced meals as opposed to catch-as-catch-can noshing? Lex isnt sure. He again considers calling Krants daughter, whom he has chanced to meet before one of his showings, but he hesitates. His reading of her is that she would like to see her father in a situation where theres as little room as possible for her to feel guilty.

* * *

While watching the mammoth television screen in The Last Shot of hordes of workers moving a mountain of debris, Lex massages the muscles at the base of his neck as he tries to figure out what he should do. Before coming to the bar, he has been to see Mike Krants. The old soldier has talked about being in Kobe in the fall of 1945 and how overwhelmed he was by the scale of destruction. Cobbles of rubble three stories high being attacked by bucket brigades of old women wearing every kind of clothing. Krants has told Lex that he didnt know whether to feel hopeless at the scope of ruin or hopeful at the tenacity of the natives. But, that either way, he felt he was seeing something of unearthly scale.
Sitting at the bar, staring at what is coming to seem like a window on hell, spinning a bowl of miniature pretzels, Lex guesses that his feelings are overlapping Krants. He is growing increasingly uneasy at the pace of the recovery work. It appears to him that it takes two minutes and a chain of twenty hands to move a lard bucket of debris from the site. He thinks there has to be a better way. Then, after his third drink, he begins to posit that what he is seeing is strictly for show and that, if the camera were to pull back, he would see a parade of equipment, Cats and Komatsus, cranes and backhoes moving tons of wreckage in a single bite. He imagines that if the camera were to pull even further back that he would see block after block, mile after mile of unscathed buildings and that he would feel better. But, then the thought comes to him that while the buildings might be unharmed, their inhabitants, most likely, are not. He orders another drink.
It is after midnight before Lex gets home. He stands on his deck and ponders the mist of stars above him before going into his bathroom, removing his clothes, and getting under a stinging hot shower. After twenty minutes, he steps out of the water for a moment, grabs his belt before stepping back in to reprise an old trick that had proved helpful when he first returned from Vietnam. Leaning his head into a corner of the shower, he flays his back and watches the sunset colored water run down his legs and swirl toward the drain.
The next morning, despite his hangover and the fire on his back, Lex feels the world offers promise. He grabs a coffee at the Tin Din Diner. He crosses Brown Street and studies the ducks as the caffeine chases out the nights poisons. When his cup is empty, he tosses it into one of a quartet of metal bins that line the wharf. When Lex walks back into the diner to order two more cups to go, Pol raises her plucked brows and waggles her perfumed wattles.
Lex finds Mike leaning on his cane staring at a pair of snowy egrets parading their finery through the salt marsh on the north side of Waldron Road.
Morning, Colonel.
Good morning, sir.
As he hands Mike a cup, Lex aims his chin toward the birds.
Troops present and accounted for, sir?
Two seem to be AWOL. Something else to sign?
Lex takes a slow sip.
You going to miss this?
Mike takes a moment to re-plant his cane.
Is it going somewhere?
A lot of peoples lives seem defined by propinquity.
True.
So the stuff around here that is important to you might disappear from your life if you leave here?
Mike roils the catarrh that passes for his laugh.
That could happen even if I stay, especially if my driving doesnt improve.
Lex stays on track.
Do you want that?
Colonel, at my age, theres too little left on the menu for me to make much of a fuss about my choices.
Lex doesnt like hearing that.
You mean youre indifferent to whether the Bay or a parking lot is outside your window?
Mike pushes out his lips before saying, Not indifferent, but view, no view just isnt a critical factor. Wife, no wife, health, no health, energy, no energy. Those have some weight.
Mike tips his cup toward Lexs chest.
You sound like youre trying to lose a commission.
Im just trying to do the right thing.
With old people, that can be damn murky water.
Can it?
The older I get, the more it seems so. Could be wisdom, could be fatigue, could be a broken rotor, but whatever it is, I gave up trying to do the right thing a long time ago.
Lex shakes his head in doubt, Thats pretty hard for me to believe.
Why?
Because you strike me as someone who spends a lot of energy trying to live your life well.
The egrets suddenly turn and begin to walk toward Mike and Lex as if they want to hear more.
I dont try to figure out whats good, better, or best. I just try to live by a few principles.
Like what?
Probably something in between the Scout Code and the St. Francis prayer. You know that prayer?
I dont think so.
It sets up a series of dichotomies and suggests which way to lean when you have the choice. Better to love than be loved, etc. I figure I can make those choices a lot of time. Lets me keep moving rather than paralyzing myself trying to parse a situation as to whats right.
So, do you really want to move?
Hell, no. What I really wish is that time had stopped a while back. Back before my wife died and I spend half my time checking to see if Ive got pee spots on my pants. How bout you? You enjoy hurtling to your death?
His pain outweighing his politesse, Lex murmurs, Actually, yes. A lot of the time I do.
Mike taps his cane against Lexs ankles, Weight of the world. A wearisome load.
Lex laughs, Beast of burden.
A beasts usually not so bright.
Lex walks Mike back to his house and stays for cranberry juice on the deck. Sunlight, flung back by the Bay, blinds him. He doesnt say any more to Mike about the contract, but as he drives back to the office he cant shake the feeling that he should have.



Chapter Seventeen

Words of War


Frank is glad that the newspaper has responded to his phone tip. Feature editor Anni Agnosa is bright-faced and, Frank discovers later, a dreadful writer, but her fawning over him during the interview is a welcome tonic. He induces her to do the interview in the Commons Room where, affecting a bonhomie he never feels and rarely uses, he broadcasts his wit and wisdom beyond Anni to the unofficial audience gathered around the card tables at the far end of the room.
Frank is disappointed that Serena isnt part of the original group, nor is she one of the dozen more who hurry through the door to see the show. These latecomers stop abruptly to digest the etiquette of the situation before walking nonchalantly toward the end of the room.
While Agnosas first questions give ample evidence that she has not read more of Franks oeuvre than a couple of dust jackets, he steers the interview to his early stories, and, then, to anecdotes about Vonnegut, Saroyan and Hawkes. He has to sell the feature writer as to Hawkes standing in the literary community. Frank is enough pleased with the attention that his ego suffers only the mildest of scratches when, at the end of the interview, Anni pulls out a new, though somewhat yellowed, copy of Lazarus Raised and asks him to autograph it to an Agnosa named Sophi. Anni, handling her own camera work, poses Frank holding a notebook by his side as he contemplates the, unfortunately, unlighted fireplace.
The feature, more than thirty column inches, appears above the fold on the front page of the arts section. Frank wishes Annis f-stop had been set a notch or two higher as his picture prints dark, and he wishes that Serena had made a little more fuss. But, he is happy that the article has acted like a jolt of caffeine on his writing.
One warm Sunday April afternoon, while bees crazed with longing mistake lollipops and cider stains for flowers, Frank bicycles over to a forlorn house in the flats. Pelegs mother, Mrs. Scott, is raking leaves the winter has blown under her azaleas. Within minutes of his arrival, Frank is helping with the clean up. She tells Frank that Peleg is happy. He likes his platoon and respects his sergeant. Although Peleg thinks his training is not as challenging as the stories his father told him about his preparation during World War I, Peleg has told her that he thinks his new skills will be up to the task. He misses fishing. He misses trapping and twice he has asked if she has run into any of his old crowd. He asked her to tell them that if they were looking for glory that they had better hurry up.
Although he isnt even sure she knows about it, the chimera of the fight that he has had with Peleg hangs between Frank and Mrs. Scott. After the yard is raked clean, Mrs. Scott encourages Frank to use Pelegs traps or his skiff. Frank tells her that between school and the market, he doesnt have time for much else.
Well, if you change your mind, you know where things are.
Thank you, maam.
Reaching out her hand for the rake Frank has been using, Mrs. Scott asks, Are you going to finish school?
Frank stares at Mrs. Scotts large, rough-knuckled hands.
My dad wants me to.
So did I.
After supper that night, while his father listens to Calvacade of America, Frank rewrites his letter to Peleg again.

* * *

As the battle of the Atlantic wanes and the numbers of injured service men and merchant marines decrease, the military hospital on Conanicus Island empties.
Throughout the winter of 1943 and into the spring of 44, Ruth Rasling, on her alternate week-ends home, parries her husband Charleys questions about when she will be moving home for good. To avoid his dads rants about his mothers true duty, Frank skips weekend suppers when he can and goes to his room immediately after them when he cant.
The hospital closes and Ruth is home for almost a month in March as it is converted to a POW camp for German and Italian officers and the occasional industrialist or politician. By the time Ruth goes back to her new assignment, she and Charley arent talking.
It has been a hot day in late June, with mosquitoes impatiently waiting as the sun takes forever to fall from the sky, when Frank decides to detour the half-mile to Indian Lake instead of bicycling straight home. He strips to his underwear and is swimming along in the faintest glow of a slivered silver moon when a car drives slowly along the rutted path just back from the waters edge. Frank switches from the crawl to a breaststroke, veers off into darker water and begins to make his way to the waters edge. He squats down in shallow water and waits to hear loves panted labor.
For twenty minutes, the murmured voices coming from the car are broken only by the small explosions of a match. From fifty feet away Frank watches two fireflies dance inside the gloom of the car. Franks body begins to shiver and his resolve to weaken. Just as he has decided to make his way back to his clothes, the car doors open and two bodies emerge and walk toward the waters edge. Despite the distortion from the moon shadows and cigarettes glow, Frank can see that the figure closer to him is Willi Hess. The other shadow, obviously a woman, remains unknown until her voice grows louder as it says, Fair?
As the couple stand at the waters edge, Frank digests what he is seeing and waits for another word or gesture to prove incontrovertibly what he knows. But, the two remain silent, the moon, as if it has heard an air raid siren, suddenly blacks out, and Franks begins to tremble. Shoulders stiff and legs uncoordinated, Frank quietly swims back to his clothes.
Early the next morning, Frank is pulling the oars in Pelegs skiff against the tidal surge making its way up the Narrow River estuary. Overhead, in the foreground, six seagulls dive-bomb a seventh who holds a small flailing crab. Higher above, in far less complicated patterns, a flock of Avengers weave frail webs against the blue sky. Two red-winged blackbirds, hidden, argue. A tern flies a cursive line along the waters edge. As the sun beats down on Franks freckled shoulders, he stops rowing so that he can use both hands to shade his eyes from the glare as he looks for a slight break in the brush along the western edge of the water. When he doesnt find what he is looking for, he resumes rowing. To get his bearings, he looks far down-river to the broad curve the river makes before it goes under the bridge, carves a second sweep to complete a horseshoe, and throws its lucky self into Narragansett Bay.
When Frank can differentiate the seagulls from the cormorants that are resting on the wide shoal at the elbow of the curve, he knows that he has gone too far. Digging in an oar, he swings himself around and begins to row back up the estuary. He back-tracks more than a half-mile but still can not find the path that leads to the old graphite mine. Since high tide is less than an hour way and Frank does not want the ignominy of rowing against the tide on both legs of his journey, he continues back up to Middlebridge where he pulls the boat up above the wrack line and ties it to a tree.
Two days later Frank goes overland, down the hill, through the brush, blackberry brambles and rambling rose and, in less than half an hour, finds the mine. A pile of charred wood and rain-pocked ashes mark the low entrance. Rusted beer cans, tops riven by double triangles, are lying about. Inside the mine, Frank finds more trash, several types of dried scat and a blue shirt with a sleeve missing. Holding his flashlight before him, he walks down into the Revolutionary War era mine until it begins to smell like earth. He sits down and rests his back against the tunnel. After he turns off the flashlight, he lights a cigarette from a pack of Wings he has stolen from the store and blows wraiths of smoke at the cigarettes ember.
As the cigarette burns, he remembers the years he listened to Wings of Destiny on Friday nights hoping that the card he had forged with his fathers signature would be the one chosen to receive that weeks Piper Cub trainer. Pelegs father had smoked Wings, a lot of Wings, and over the years Peleg had managed to collect all but four of the one hundred fifty different airplane model cards the company included in its packs. Franks dad, however, even when money was tight, only smoked Luckies despite Franks frequent blandishments to switch brands. Still, because Peleg was generous with his duplicates, Frank had a growing collection of his own until 1940 when Pelegs dad died.
Frank flicks his butt against the opposite wall where it explodes into a thousand meteors, whose trails remain in Franks sight, like the light of a star streaking across the sky thousands of years after the star itself has died. Frank pushes himself up and walks deeper into the mine. Fifty feet past where the tunnel takes a curve to the right, Frank finds the spot where if he were a German spy, he would make his camp. He sits in the dark smoking and pondering what courage it would take to be put off a submarine to make ones way in enemy territory. He struggles to free himself so he can see and feel like an enemy agent. How different the dark damp surrounding him and the bright moving water beyond is from the lines and dots on a map. Frank spends most of a brilliant warm morning sitting in the dark. The longer he sits the stronger his conviction grows that an unfathomable courage and intelligence would be necessary for a spy, any spy, to make his way in a foreign country.
It is not until he is back in the sun and slowly making his way through the grasping briers that Frank realizes how stupid he has been. The spy would be no stranger.
By the time Frank gets back to where he left his bicycle, he has put together the pieces. There could be no doubt that it is his mother that he has seen at the lake two nights before. Frank wonders how his mother has been able to get away from the POW camp during the week. He guesses Willi has used some of his gas rations to drive his mother back and forth to her job on Jamestown. He imagines them staying by the lake all night.
The next day, Frank is stocking a case of Old Colony pepper substitute when he hears Willi tell a customer about his wife Alines visit to Boston to help out a cousin who has had a baby.
It seems to Frank that since he has seen his mother with Willi that she has made more time for him. Since he is confused as to what to make of her behavior, Frank isn't sure what to make of the opportunity. One Sunday morning, while his mother fries jonnycakes that are to be topped with real butter and maple syrup, Frank stands with his back leaning against the sink and asks her how old she was when she first danced with a boy. Her laugh, round, full and rare, startles him.
Too young.
But how old?
She laughs again with memory before she tells him that the early Twenties were one of those strange times when everyone was either too young or too old. Frank persists and asks her if her first dance has been with his father. She says that it was before they met. Just to keep the conversation going, Frank asks if his father was one of those too young. The gaiety leaves Ruth Raslings face and she begins to flip the jonnycakes.
Later that same morning, as he helps Charley hoe the rows of corn in their Victory Garden, Frank asks his father the same questions. His father frowns before asking his son who he is seeing.
As he hoes, Frank remembers his first dance when he was thirteen. It was a couple of weeks after Peleg's father had died. They had ridden their bikes to the top of the Salt Pond, drunk most of a half-pint of Old Granddad and danced in the dark to the music sliding across the water from a cluster of ramshackle cottages. Frank, rubbery-legged by the fifth songHoagy Carmichael singing I Get Along Without You Very Wellhad buried his head against Peleg's neck and let his friend carry his weight.
Frank becomes so lost in his memory that his father has to touch him with his hoe.
Heard the banks taking the Scott house.
How can they do that? What will she do?
Has a brother in Maine.
Pelegs skiffs still around.
Maybe you could get it for a good price.
Frank stops writing to think about how easily the war dislocated people. Bombs burst and ten thousand miles away man and material were tossed about.



Chapter Eighteen

What a Little Moonlight Will Do


Im, not sure its a good idea, Dad.
Mike hands his daughter another pile of Evies clothes. Beth carefully places them in a large box she has consigned to Big Sisters.
I dont understand, Beth, its a full price offer. I figured you for ecstatic.
An irritated hand waves off Mikes offering of a garbage bag filled with shoes.
Im not sure its the right price.
Its a full price offer.
I know, Dad, but its happened so fast and under such horrible conditions that I think that that agent may have set the price too low.
Ignoring the distrust Beth has put into that agent, Mike says, He tells me that its the highest ratio of sale price to assessed value anyone in the neighborhoods ever gotten.
Do you really believe him?
Well, he certainly hasnt given me any reason not to.
But, if hes any good, you shouldnt be able to see if he is screwing you.
Beth, Im old, Im dried up, I dont screw that easily.
Mike Krants reads Beths pout as an indictment of his capacity to know what is going on. She has been pushing him for months to do something he was not sure that he wanted to do. Now, that he has done it, she is sure that he has made the wrong move.
Dad, look whats going on in the stock market. Right now, everybodys scared. But, in two months, theyll have captured bin Laden and everyone will be feeling good again. If someone jumped at $365,000, theres a good chance someone else will go to $400,000.
I dont think you can characterize these buyers as jumping. Its taken three rounds to get them to come up to asking price. Lex says.
Dad, I just dont think you can trust this Lex guy.
Mike picks up a half-filled box and begins walking toward the door.
Beth, Im pretty tired. Ive given my word, but Ill think it over.
Beth follows closely on her fathers heels, but she doesnt say anything until he has put the box of Evies clothes in her car. As she gives him a quick hug, she whispers, Love you, Dad. I really do.
I know, Beth, I know.

* * *

Mike takes a glass of burgundy out to the deck. When it is half-empty, he sets it down on the weathered railing and rubs his ears, skull, cheekbones and chin as he stares at a refulgent moon. Across the bay, a silver-blue penumbra of light hovers over the middle of Jamestown. To the north, a small scattering of lights, not even enough for a minor constellation, sparkle on Prudence Island. To Mike it seems that Beth grew stronger as Evie grew weaker. And, as Beth finds more areas of Mikes life that she feels need guiding, Mike himself has become less convinced of her good intentions. He isnt sure whether his daughter might be trying to make up for some decades old parental slight or error, or whether she is trying to maximize an estate that will be half hers in the not too distant future. But, either way, Mike feels the reins have been tightened, and this is a feeling he greatly dislikes. This being said, however, Mike reminds himself that he has an equal, if not greater, aversion to becoming estranged from one of his children at this stage of his life. Especially, Beth.
Mikes relationship with his son David has always been one of simple love and a straight-forward attraction. With Beth, and Mike guesses this is true for both parties, love has had to be augmented with diplomacy, and affection has been an acquired taste.
Mike puts off calling Lex because he isnt sure what he wants to do. Looking back over the previous two weeks, he cant find any single principle, goal or feeling guiding his acts. Wanting to sell, wanting to stay, wanting direction but refusing advice, undecided between moving and moving on, he wonders whether he has caught what killed Evie. It has always been his belief that, while Life may be confusing, living need not be. Now, that that belief is being challenged, Mike tells himself that not only has he felt and acted confused, but, apparently, he is confused. A dithery old man. Old fart.
Mike swears at the star-lit skies before draining the rest of his wine.
It is almost three when Mike Krants leaves his house. The cottage is too empty since Beth has taken away Evies clothesand his mind is too full. With the exception of the moon, which, too, is full, everything outside also seems empty. No clouds in the sky. Black windows. No cars. No kids. No wind. Just the silvery chiaroscuro of moonlight on black roofs and driveways, gray shingles and white sidewalks. Mike taps his cane against the mailbox post, like a conductor gathering his orchestra, before he slowly wanders down the road.
A block from home, Mike stops under a Japanese Black Pine, one of the few that has survived a blight, reverses his cane and uses its curved handle to drive a half-dozen pine cones toward the salt marsh. On the far side of the marsh something white gleams in the lunar light. Mike is content to consider it a swan sleeping through the night. It takes the old man most of an hour to walk the mile into the village. Two cars, both of which slow as they draw near, pass him during his walk. The careful pace of his feet belies his racing thoughts. If he stays in the house, cavernous in Evies absence, echoic with their memories, he will continue to want to die. If he packs his bags and moves into a home, he will die. Carpeted corridors, geometrically-shaped and regularly administered food, soft-lighted sconces and evenly-spaced doors will kill as quickly as too much loneliness and liquor, too little food and family.
The moon falls from its zenith and pales as Mike walks under the cast iron streetlights that line the root-heaved sidewalks of Wickford. These asymmetrically canted squares, slowly displaced over the decades by the roots of the trees hovering above them, are scheduled to be removed. The village brass have decided that the sidewalks have gone beyond quaint to dangerous. The trees themselves, unwilling to conform to mens needs, must come down, too. Mike stops to twist his head back and forth trying to imagine the length of Brown Street with a smooth safe walk and lined with thinly leafed, compliant saplings. He snorts.
At the edge of the harbor he eases himself back onto a green slat bench. He studies the silver ripples pulsing along the edge of the pilings. If he dies in the house he can see his kids at loggerheads over whether to keep or sell it. He can envision a neat flowered path leading to his front door with a small elfin sign, Dads Dream or Krants Kastle, hanging on the door and, inside, his kids arguing for a twentieth time over what Dad really wanted. Again, he snorts.
Jesus Christ Almighty, he hates everything about being old. Its like owning some shitbox car, where you never knew whether to throw a few more bucks into it to keep it running or to just junk it. He uses his cane to push himself to his feet, reverses it and begins hitting quahog shells left by the gulls into the harbor. A bumbling thunk as the cane head scrapes along the scarred timber, a tinny ping as cane and shell meet, a moments silence, and, then, a burble as shell hits water. Mike takes his time cleaning the pier, except for a couple of unsuccessful tries at having two shells in the air simultaneously. When the shells are gone, he goes back to his bench. He and Evie spent a lot of time in moonlight. Walking, dancing on the lawn, looking out a window at the Plaza after seeing Sinatra, looking for Sputnik. Both making and remembering good times. How many times, holding hands, had they watched the moon first lighten a small section of sky, then rise over Jamestown while Evies thumb, first cognizant and, later, as the disease progressed, just nervous tic, rubbed the knuckle of his thumb?
Mike holds his hand into the moonlight and stares at that small antique knot of bone and skin. Tentatively, he touches the spot that had received and transmitted so much of their marriage. Ooooh, oooh, oooh, what a little moonlight can do-oo-oo. He pushes harder and savors the pain burning deep in the bone.
A glow from the rising sun bloodies the horizon. Again, Mike pushes himself upright with his cane. His knees are so sore that it takes him a minute to find his balance. When he feels that his body is under control, he salutes the passing of the moon with his stick before hanging it on the end of the bench back. He takes two steps forward, sings his song, and pitches himself off the pier.
It takes the sobering Lex, who has been watching the old man from the shadow of the comfort station for a quarter hour, ten seconds after seeing the silhouette walk off the pier before he convinces himself to intervene. Even as he lopes across the parking lot, wishing he had asked Pol for a lid for his coffee, he cant imagine himself leaping into the oily black water. The old man hasnt fallen. He has sung out, Over there, and chucked himself into space.
Standing at the edge of the granite quay, Lex watches Krants head slightly bobbing up and down as his client floats upright in the oily waters faint rainbow sheen a dozen feet from dockside. Lex salutes.
Reporting for possible duty, sir.
Mike twists his head back toward land, Jesus H. Christ. At ease, Colonel.
As he talks, Mike is forced to expel some of the air he has been holding in his lungs. Half of his face slips beneath the surface.
Permission to stay, sir.
The old man throws his head back, spreads his arms wide, arches his spine and begins floating on his back.
What the hell are you doing here, Tallion?
Could ask the same, sir.
Lex groans as he bends his knees, sits, and, then, dangles his legs over the stonework.
Coming through Mikes wet mustache, Lex thinks he hears, Shivering.
Warmer up here, sir.
What?
Mikes hearing, no longer good, is made worse by the water in his ears.
Lex pats the granite.
Warmer.
Afghanistan?
Knowing that he is getting caught up in something absurd, Lex stops talking and begins drinking his coffee.
The cup is about half-empty when the old man makes a half-dozen feeble frog kicks toward the quay. Sitting next to Lex, who has helped him from the water, Krants works to get his shoes off by applying the toe of one to the heel of the other. However, his body begins jerking in violent, erratic spasms before the second shoe is free.
Lex calls 911 on his cell phone. The paramedics arrive in seven minutes. Lex watches Krants get strapped to a gurney. He touches the old mans cold wet shoulder as he gets loaded into the ambulance and feels a comfort.
Lex calls the number that Mike has given him. After talking to Mikes daughter for ten minutes, he goes to his office to fax a letter to the Lenzers that Mike Krants wont be selling his house.



Chapter Nineteen

Things Unknown


Franks pen is hovering, but is unsure where to land. As he labors to find the match that will illumine his characters in Fixed Wing Flying, Frank has the sense that Pelegs spirit, vaporous but substantial, is watching over his shoulderraising a finger in caution, shaking his head in concern.
Frank wheels himself toward the coffee urn to refill his cup. However, when a dozen sips fail to send Peleg away, Frank tries to ignore him by adding brass details to the bridge of the ship and a platoon of luminous clouds marching across the Pacific sky.
At the other end of the Commons, on a blustery morning when the leaves bedevil the patio windows, Serena tries to remember if the jack of hearts has been played. She closes her eyes for a moment, but can see no further into the past than the last three tricks. Tentatively, she places her ten, then when Millies eager fingers dart forth, wishes she had switched to clubs.
After gathering the trick, Millie imperceptibly nods toward Franks back, Is he different?
Serena is unsure what Millie means, so she shrugs, From yesterday?
From me. From you.
I think he may try to be.
That article made him sound famous.
I think people, with a few exceptions, would say those days are gone.
Frank, both hands clutching his wheels, is staring out the window when Serenas foursome finish the rubber.
The way the wind is swirling the leaves makes me think winters getting close.
Franks teeth rip a dent in the rim of the foam cup before answering, And thus discontent.
Serena traces a mullion with a polished fingertip.
How did it go last night?
With Burnett?
No, I noticed how soon he left. With your pen.
Hoist upon it.
There is enough bitterness to those words that Serena can only say, Im sorry.
Im not. It increases, if thats possible, my motivation for getting out of here.
Frank raises his cup to his lips, empties it, and then drops it into the wastebasket.
I need some air.
Let me get the door for you.
After helping Frank navigate the threshold, Serena remains inside to watch her old conquest execute a three-point maneuver whose result is to aim himself at a wind so strong that she can hear his pants flap through the window.
Frank squeezes his eyes and feels the howling wind blowing through the Celebes Sea. He stays there until his shivering gets so bad it reminds him of the night in the cemetery.

* * *

Despite his efforts, at the end of the day, Frank remains as unenlightened as he was on the patio a dozen hours before. He sits in his room, moving his wheelchair a foot forward and then back as he observes the room reveal itself, like a diorama, as the cars of those working the late shift move around the parking lot looking for the best spaces in a way that reminds Frank of piglets searching for their sows best teats. The careening beams of the headlights turn the walls of Franks room gray-green. Red tail-lights make muddy brown walls. Frank listens for the pop of pebbles beneath tread and counts the seconds between when the lights freeze and when they die.
It is more than an hour later before Frank crawls out of the chair and into his bed. He draws his legs tight against one another, and grips the bed covers alongside his thighs. With his eyes squeezed shut, he listens to the breathing of the troops around him and the dreamy pings of metal fore and aft and the throb of the engines below. He is less than twelve hours from Iwo Jima and, in some powerful way, he knows he isnt going to make it through the day. He slowly shakes his head to clear his death away. He doesnt know he is hours away from dying. What does he know? He knows the berths creak, the light is murky and the smell of unwashed skin is thick. He knows his stomach is rumbling, and not from hunger. He knows his whiskers rasp when he turns his cheek. He knows that his socks dont fit and that cigarette smoke in a small closed space can birth a headache. He takes a slow breath and knows the smell of diesel oil woven in with other smells and the thick murk would make him feel claustrophobic. He knows he would have been awake. But what of Peleg? Would his hunters sense have known that he was prey soon to be caught? Or would he have been asleep, rocking in the ships cradle, calm upon the wine dark sea.
Franks fingers brush his eyebrows as he ponders, as he has a thousand times over sixty years, what gave Peleg his courage.
He sees Peleg sailing his bicycle high in the air on Torrey Hill. He tortures himself with the old picture of Peleg leaning into Legs outside the Guild.
After toying with memory and an unanswerable question, Frank shifts his attention to a patch of skin above the shin of his right leg. He imagines a small hinged door with a brass hook and eye. He flips back the hook and opens the hatch to reveal gray scaly skin and matted black hairs. A hand, fingers splayed in anticipation, crawls along his thigh, but stops short and then reverses course until it reaches Franks face. It scratches the underside of his chin, the chin itself, and then, surreptitiously, brushes water from his cheeks.
It is long past midnight before Frank falls asleep.
In the morning Frank is surprised at how raw his face feels.



Chapter Twenty

Help, Mates


Mike Krants is out of the hospital and back in his cottage doing fine. The Lenzers are still formulating their revenge. Rookie has left Lex a quavery voice mail that the lawyer for the buyers of the Curtsons home will be deposing him. On a scintillant autumn Monday morning, like a minister with his Bible, Lex studies his appointment book. Tuesday and Wednesday are mostly open. Of course. But, he does have a tooth cleaning on Thursday at ten and a tentative listing appointment with a retired schoolteacher named Penny Pruitt who has won the house in a divorce, but is having a tough time making the nut by herself. Friday is open all day. The problem is that he has just gotten off the phone with a Monica Jeason who lives with her husbandLex has to look at his notes Nathan in Darien. Second home in Myrtle Beach, which they dont use nearly enough. Thinking about Rhode Island. Been through several times, but dont know too much. Thinking about Thursday and Friday. Have heard good things about Weekapaug and Little Compton. Lex has informed Ms. Jeason that in Rhode Island terms that is the geographical equivalent of Long Boat Key to South Beach in Florida. Lex runs his tongue over his teeth. Re-scheduling the cleaning would probably cost him three weeks unless he gets lucky with a cancellation. Which could happen because he sold Dr. Graveth his second and third home. Lex pokes his pen into the back of his mouth where he recently has discovered a something, which he thinks is new, that will catch the tip of a toothpick. Pruitt had sounded panicky. Six months free and panicky at the prospects. He tips the scales back and forth before deciding what to do.
Johnny Magic. Proposition.
Venal?
Probably not for you, but call me a cock-eyed optimist.
I love it when you talk dirty.
Folks coming in. Ive got them covered on Friday, but Thursday Im all jammed up with the Lords work.
Handsome J is already shaking his head.
I get coiffed on Thursday.
Big buyer.
Arent they all.
Million five.
Bullshit.
Maybe so, but thats what they say.
Were two weeks into Armageddon and these people are thinking of spending a million five for a day at the beach?
Maybe theyre just trying to get their priorities straight.
Where?
Little Compton.
Jeez, Colonel, Id love to, but my compass is on the blink. Im low on K-rations and my ground tarp is all moldy.
Lex lifts his shoulders and opens his palms in acknowledgement at the probabilities.
Theyre B, B+, maybe even As.
Arent they all.
It takes a ten-minute retreat and then a second sortie before Lex convinces Wiley to take the Jeasons on a tour of the East Bay.
Thanks. Eighty twenty do it?
Of nothing. Might as well play the sport and offer me a fifty-fifty split.
Lex spends the rest of the day culling inventory and making phone calls and appointments for the Thursday tour. That night he begins working on what he wants to show on Friday. As usual, he mixes in houses that have what Mrs. Jeason has said she and her husband like with what Lex thinks they should see. By late afternoon Tuesday, Lex has pitched or caught a total of thirty-seven phone calls to set up showings at eleven houses over two days.
On Wednesday night, Lex gets a call on his cell from Johnny M. The Magic Mans having second, third and fourth thoughts. Thursday is supposed to be gorgeous. He could be on the boat. Schoolies are running at Deep Hole. He can tell these guys are tire kickers. House to sell in Myrtle Beach.
Lex speaks of honor, duty and commitment as well as offering an absurdly perverse sex act involving a can of aerosol cheese and several yards of plastic wrap. Wiley stays on the hook.
Its after eight on Thursday night before Wiley reports. Jade and cynic is pleasantly surprised. They liked Little Compton. Liked the big shingle style, although theyre a little hinky about running a remodel from three hours away. Wondered if it made sense to stay with the Magic Man rather than switching horses. He has assured them that Lex was the officer in charge. Dog, Mittens, yaps, but doesnt bite. Point a finger and it ducks back down into Monicas purse. They like lattes.
Lex hates little dogs. He pours three fingers of Chartreuse and drops in an ice cube. He sips his drink as he thinks about Mittens butt sitting on Mrs. Jeasons make-up kit or tissue pack.
Friday goes better than Lex knows he has any right to expect. Mittens mostly sleeps. Mrs. Jeason mostly talks. Both Jeasons are polite while theyre in the houses. As is to be expected, they are most interested in a Narragansett house that Lex makes sure they pass, which is not on the tour. Not on the tour, not in the right town, not on the water, and definitely not a shingled Victorian or clapboard cape. In fact, it meets none of the criteria that the Jeasons have told Lex are important. Which is exactly why Ray has made sure they see it. Lex cell phones the listing agent, doyenne Dorothea Etherbridge, who tends to act more like a deposed Roumanian princess than real estate agent. Sighing mightily, she deigns to show the property on Saturday at ten.
The Jeasons change their plans so that they can see it. Lex graciously cancels one real appointment and two imagined ones to indicate to his clients the level of his dedication.
Saturday morning, Route One is so foggy that Lex, battling too much alcohol with too much caffeine, takes his hands from the steering wheel for an extended period of time while claiming he is instrument rated. Neither Jeason is amused. Mittens picks up on the tension and begins protesting. Figuring he has already lost the game, Lex compares the dogs yapping to Morse code and translates for the Jeasons. Arf arf. Are you nuts? Stop. Get a grip. Stop. Do you want to die? Stop. Stop it. Stop. Arf. Arf.
Wandering through the stark white interior of the Narragansett house listening to Dorothea drop the names of people the Jeasons dont, and most likely wouldnt care to, know, Lex fights the urge to escape outside. He has spent several drunken hours the night before thinking about death, and the aftermath of that marathon is putting a damper on his enthusiasm. In the living room, which could double as an art gallery at a modestly-endowed small liberal arts college, he touches Mrs. Jeasons arm, waggles his phone and tips his head back toward the media room that they have just exited. Mrs. Jeason nods an indifferent permission. Lex hurries away; however, on a whim, rather than rushing down the center hall and out the front door, he turns and rushes up the stairs. He takes a minute to stare at the uninterpretable face in the mirror before opening the medicine chest. As has happened several times before, Lex finds a vial with a few remaining painkillers. This fundamentally inexplicable behavior Lex explains to himself as a case of hoarding rather than indifference. Lex removes four Percocet and washes them down with a palm of tepid water. Hes back downstairs, pacing the front porch, inactive phone to his ear, mumbling jabberwocky before Dorothea and her charges are through with the kitchen. When they appear in the hallway, Lex joins them for a tour of the upstairs.
Lex is not surprised when, back in the car, the Jeasons, with the coyness of the newly pregnant, announce that they want to make an offer on the property. Keeping his emotions dialed down to a nearly affectless state, a mental gymnastic more readily accomplished with a quarter gram of synthetic morphine gumming up his synapses, Lex begins trying to talk them out of it. He has found over the years that people with a lot of money tend to be hypersensitive to being screwed. Rather than trying to encourage, which causes resistance and rebuttal by the buyers, Lex offers discouragement. In enough instances that he has adopted it as standard operating procedure, the buyers will defy Lexs nay-saying advice. He guesses they think either he is saving the house for another client or he is so low-rent and stupid that he cant fathom spending big money on a house. Lex in a late-afternoon riff with Johnny Magic, performed for Rookies benefit, has coined the phrase Neo-Nega-Actualated Selling for this technique.
As Lex drifts with the morphine through the fog, he glides from road noise to septic systems to slider tracks to grubs to hurricane damage to lead paint and back to road noise. Finally, the morphine triumphs. He gives up the good fight and agrees to take the Jeasons back to the office to write up an offer.
It is late in the afternoon. Lex has sent the Jeasons back to Connecticut with smiles for them and a quick pat for Mittens. He has driven to Narragansett to drop off the paperwork at Dorotheas less than modest home, where her gimlet-eyed, gerbil-faced husband receives Lexs offering with noblesse oblige. He has been back at his desk for about an hour eking out the Percocets last blessing when he hears Handsome Johnnys flip flop coming up the stairs.
Johnny notices the paperwork on Lexs desk. He walks over, stands behind Lex, then after a quick perusal, pats both of Lexs shoulders.
Were rich.
That perception chases the last of the Percocet away. Lexs stomach begins to hurt.
Handsome J ticks off his fingertips as he does the math.
A million three at six is 78k. One half is thirty-nine. Broker gets forty percent, which is fifteen six, which leaves twenty-three four or eleven seven a piece. Definitely rich.
Lex figures it must take stones as big as Idaho to figure on scooping fifty percent of a commission for taking another agents clients out for a day. Most agents would be happy with a ten-dollar Chardonnay, but, of course, Handsome J is not most agents. Lex figures Js asking for fifty and looking for twenty-five, maybe, thirty. He also figures that the reduction is going to come at a price. Lex taps his temple with a pen as he figures his next move.
Fiftys a pretty big piece of pie.
Wiley shows his teeth.
Occasionally, justice prevails and a deserving man gets a home run.
Lex takes his time before murmuring, Justice.
Colonel, you asked me to help. I helped. I said fifty fifty. You agreed. Pretty black and white.
Lex straightens the papers on his desk.
Got an appointment.
Bring it home, Colonel.
With a walk made shambling from too little sleep and too much morphine, Lex circumnavigates the bike path in Wilson Park twice, but he finds no relief. He hasnt wanted to be in a fight since two weeks into his first tour in Vietnam, but he isnt about to let twelve grand be pinched from his pocket because of sweaty hands and a churning belly.
The Jeasons and the sellers agree to terms in a day, but it takes three daysand costs Lex his friendship with Johnny Magicto get the split down to sixty forty with a stipulation that if the deal tanks, anything Lex might put together later entails nothing more than a $1500 payment to Wiley.
Lex ends up so conflicted he doesnt know if he wants the Jeasons home inspection to go smoothly or not.



Chapter Twenty-one

Boys at War


by the shore of the tumbling clamorous whispering sea.
Leaving his index finger as a bookmark, Frank closes Homer to sort through teenage memories of Narragansett Bay. Minutes later, he picks up his pen.
On an early October Sunday, with the water still warm enough to swim, Frank and Peleg tromp over the spare dunes with a lard bucket and fishing poles. A blue sky, empty of clouds and surprisingly empty of airplanes, is reflected in a half-dozen small pools that the tide has forgotten to take with it. After they bait, cast and set their poles, Frank reaches into his knapsack for The Iliad.
You drunkard, with eyes like a bitch and heart like a fawn, Frank yells to the sea. Peleg continues, You never arm yourself with your men for battle. That could be Chamberlain or Montgomery or MacArthur as much as Agamemnon.
Hey, Peleg, MacArthurs no coward.
Hes no Patton. Look at what he did at Corregidor. Cut and run and left his men.
So he can fight again.
Peleg reaches for a stone and tosses it at a seagull, which has grown interested in what success the boys might be having fishing.
He should have stayed.
To die on the Bataan Death March?
Is he better than his men? Achilles wasnt afraid to fight.
Frank jumped to Agamemnons defense.
Achilles wouldnt take orders. Thats the most important thing in an army.
Peleg points an imaginary rifle at the gull, which now is circling overhead.
The most important thing is leadershipby example. The battle was lost until Achilles decided to fight.
I think you need more than a brave heart.
Yeah, you need some K-rations. Especially if there arent a dozen kine to throw on the fire.
Frank is grateful that Peleg has deflected their argument. He pulls his pole from the sand and begins to crank the reel.
A blue would make a nice addition to a K-ration.
I think the blues may have a different idea for their fate. Want to walk down to the Narrows?
Frank shrugs, For the fish or the view?
Pelegs false whisper carries over the wind.
To see where the U-boats put their spies ashore.
Thats some sub that moves in four feet of water.
Maybe eight at high tide.
After Frank shoulders his rod and begins walking along the waters edge, he moves his eyes from looking for sea glass to tracking the movement of a coaler moving up the bay.
Whod you hear that from?
Chalmy.
Whose lighthouse remains unlit.
I wonder how close a U-boat really could get?
Frank considers the complications before saying, I bet within a half-mile. Surface when theres no moon and its high tide, throw out a raft and row ashore in fifteen minutes.
Frank looks up the beach to Cormorant Rock. If he were a German captain, hed surface as close as possible to the large rock due east of the mouth of the Narrow River. The rock, home to scores of cormorants, would shadow the boat and mute its sounds. High tide would speed a raft up the estuary. He imagines paddling with the churning current, around the broad shoulder of shoal, and into the calmer waters behind.
Where would you go?
What do you mean?
Do you have a base or do you just get out of the raft and walk into town?
Peleg now takes his time pondering. The war-making the two friends have engaged in for three years has made each wary of the traps laid by the other. After bending down to pick up a razor clam shell, Peleg says, It would depend on my mission. Am I supposed to get some information or am I more of a sapper whos supposed to sabotage something?
Neither. Rescue. Youre here to get someone out of here.
Who?
Frank grins, A spy whos been here for a long time, but who thinks hes close to getting caughtor maybe someone, a scientist orfrom the POW camp.
Peleg nods in approval.
Thats good.
As the boys come to the Narrows and begin walking west, skirting the spartina along the rivers crumbling edge, the sound of the bays roar subsides. Once they are around the sweeping curve and sheltered by the sand they can hear the sheesh of the sand they disturb as it cascades into the water.
If I knew about it, Id use the old graphite mine. No one ever goes there, but its by the water and it leaves you about half-way between the POW camp and the bay.
Frank agrees, And you can see anything coming by water and hear anything coming through the brush.
Yeah, and you could go in far enough to have a lantern or a fire.
And hide the raft.
Frank lifts his pen from the paper to use it scratch beneath his cast. He isnt sure how much of what he has just written is memory and how much is craft. Certainly, the POW camp was opened later. He has no precise memory of shouting Homer to the waves, but he does have a vivid memory of the heated blood Homer brewed in his and Pelegs brain.
His pen continues with its sensual foray as Frank once again considers how much of the warrior spirit they had felt had been Homer himself, or Rouses translation, or Mr. Edgars inciting, or just cascades of hormones that could find no outlet in sex.
While killing time in Newport Hospital, he had re-read the Rouse translation of his youth and found it anemic. It had been during that week that he had begun to think that it was Brownie Edgarseyes large behind tortoise-shell glasses, fleshy lips wrapped around a long vowel, shoe heels touching, spine rigidreading in the good light at the side of the classroom, who had been the catalyst. But, on his first visit to Shady Lea, Burnett had brought his father the Fitzgerald translation he himself had read at Williams in the Seventies, and, Frank, after two hours, two illicit brandies and a hundred pages had smashed his cast against the closet door after reading, Buckles with bosses ground into one another. A great din rose, in one same air elation and agony of men destroying and destroyed and earth astream with blood.
And now as the tip of pen harvests dead skin, Frank again seeks to answer those old questions: What puts the war in the boy? And what puts the boy in the war?
Halfway through the morning, still without an answer, Frank wheels himself into the Common Room and glares at the small tribe huddled before the televisions glow, like primitives in front of a fire. He ignores the table of intolerably animated card players and kibitizers, including Serena Tallion, as he makes his way to the windows that look out onto the parking lot, across a strip of overly landscaped green, and then the street. He watches two obese squirrels chase one another around a gumwood tree. Their agility, in spite of their weight, reminds him of the two fat Falseys he knew in college, both of whom were good and indefatigable squash players.
Amidst the cheap theatrics of the television, the scrape of shoes, the click of cards as someone gathers a trick, and three sets of raspy breathing, Frank hears and is instantly affected by the laugh, full but edgy, that seems to be carried on a breeze from fifty years before. As the laugh trails off, Frank cocks his head for the spate of raspy words that used to follow. He vividly remembers how Legs Lyle had been the fount of midnight dreams for so many boys in Franks school. With her undisciplined hair nonchalantly pulled back, her thin upper lip, full lower and prominent cheekbones, Legs resembled a raven-haired Katharine Hepburnand was told so enough that she affected wearing pants whenever she could. So many of his classmates had been clamoring for her attention. And she reveled in that attention. And the power it gave. To pull one close and send another away.
Frank tells himself that she had been their Helenbringing love and destruction.
When the laugh recurs for a split second, Frank regains his sight and mobility. He looks down the room and works to decipher if the silver-haired woman seventy feet away has anything in common, other than the laugh, with the person who pierced his heart and harrowed his soul so long ago.
Using his thumbs to gauge the wheelchairs tire pressure, Frank ponders the emotions that caused the motorbike to break loose from earth, fly through the air and slam against a tree. He hears the chain grabbing desperately against the bark for an instant before sliding down the trunk with Frank underneath. Although Frank has run that particular piece of memory hundreds of times since the accident, frame by frame like the Zapruder clip of Kennedys death, he still can not understand why his neck and spine were not injured. He stares at the twin casts before him, then, as if his neck had been broken, he rotates his eyes to see what world would be left to a paralytic. A moment later he closes them and let his ears explore their surroundings.
Frank turns his attention back to the cars passing in the distant world outside the Shady Lea and thinks of how words, as much as looks, could make a boys blood boil. Boil until stopped by realityspilled upon exploded earth or spread thin upon the churning sea.
On, on Trojans, horse-breakers, breach the Argive wall and pitch a hell of fire into the ships.
Frank can tolerate no more of The Commons. He returns to his room to write a little and think a lot.
He skips dinner.
Despite heroic drinking from Phil Weiss smuggled bottle of Armagnac, the embers of those thoughts roil his sleep as much as the thunder and lightning of the passing storm.
Frank wakes early the next morning and makes his way to The Commons. He studies the sterile fog, forgotten by the storm, floating above a thick covering of newly fallen leaves. The bitter author sips bitter coffee and watches one of the Falsey squirrels founder in its new world. Every couple of bounds, the squirrel stops to nose frantically for buried treasure. Frank soon loses interest at the squirrels quest. He opens his pad and continues his own
He has three hundred fourteen words written, none of them good as far as he can tell from the myopic perspective of being just minutes from his hand, when Serena walks through the doorway. She has a book tucked under her right arm, a mug of something in that arms right hand and a purple chenille throw held in her left. She walks toward where Frank is working, but stops short a dozen feet way. She stands silently watching his pen move as if it were a brush and the paper canvas. Frank, pretending to an intensity that he can only wish for, ignores her presence. After another minute, during which Frank's hand transcribes any inanity that flits through his agitated brain, Serena walks down the room and makes a nest in one of the pin-dot winged back chairs.
After Serena settles in, Franks eyes slide to see if she is watching him. When he is sure that she is engrossed, he lets his hand go idle. He takes a slow sip of tepid coffee, stares at the ceiling, sighs loudly and fights the thought that his writing is as puerile as his acting.
Serena unconsciously ignores her admirer while Frank studiously ignores his muse.
A half-hour later he retreats from the field and returns to his room to nurse his wounds. He lies atop his bed, agitated and angry. Later, exhausted, he sleeps through lunch.
In the evening, after a dinner hour where Serena fails to appear, Frank goes to his window as the wind begins to blow. Clouds of leaves tumble down. Frank, who is waiting for the right naval simile for regret to arrive, is reminded of a winter storm. The leaves, large golden flakes, catching their edges in one another, like jacks, began to pile up quickly. As the parking lot and cars are flecked, the reflections from the security lights grow more complex. The leaves blink on and off like fireflies as they drift down and snuggle against their brethren.
Frank considers the blind joy of speeding down a highway with the high beams on in a blinding storm. All is foreground, a billion bodies, an unending galaxy of small stars scrambling to get out of the way of his windshield. With tires muted by the white carpet they race across and the engine muffled by the wind, the loudest sound inside the car is the metronomic glissade and click of the wipers.
Frank wishes he had the courage to be deep in that dream, speeding through the lyrical storm, blind to all but beauty, deaf to all but the metronome. Instead, he is bound to a wheelchair, nursing a too large drink and a too full bladder and reluctant to go through the complications necessary to spill his waste. Worst, he is bereft of words.
An hour later, drink gone and bladder empty, Frank wheels his way out of his room and down the dim hall. Even deep in the safety of the corridor, he can hear the wind howl and the rain pelt against the windows hidden behind the doors he passes. His tentative fingers have just lighted on the polished knob when the foot guard of his wheelchair bangs against the door. A sound, purposive but indistinct, which reminds Frank of a pigeon in the attic, comes though the ersatz wood. Despite it being after eleven, Serena is dressed in the gray sweater and black cords that he has seen her in that morning. Her feet are bare and Franks stomach lurches at how finely formed they are.
Didnt you ever wear heels?
Frank closely watches Serenas face for pride as she looks down at her feet.
Of course, I wore heels.
A lot?
More than Hepburn, less than Crawford.
Gripping its tacky gray arms, Frank leans forward in his wheel chair in the hope that his closer inspection might cause Serenas feet to move in embarrassment. When they withstand his scrutiny, he asks, good genes or good shoes?
Are you drunk, lonely, or both?
The storm is so beautiful it seemed an apostasy to watch it alone.
Serena considers that before saying, Watching a storm alone seems like a writerly thing to do.
It isfor a young writer. Young writers deal with longing.
And old writers?
The way Serena says old makes the skin on Franks cheek prickle. He stares at her but says nothing. Serena stares back. As the tension grows, Serenas hand, seemingly independent of the brain that is directing her fierce gaze, reaches out toward the door.
Frank understands that he has been checkmated.
Loss.
Irrevocable or.
A lot of one. Some of the other.
Serena turns her back and Frank stares at her heels, granite pink and smooth, until she scuffs her feet into a pair of blue deck shoes. As she comes back across the room, Frank reverses his wheelchair so that she can exit. After patting her pockets before closing the door, she grabs the grips of Franks chair and begins wheeling him toward the Common Room. Frank allows Serena her victory.
The Commons is dark except for the dreary yellow glow of two sconces on either side of the fireplace. Serena parks Frank in front of the French windows that overlook the parking lot. She stands behind him for only a few seconds before she walks over to the fireplace. The lights go out. He listens to her careful step as she makes her way back toward him. When she hesitates, he says, Here.
I cant see you.
Frank twists his head toward her voice, but, he, too, is blind. A moment later he feels a slight tremor as she grips his chair.
I.
Sshhhh.
The night shifts cars and pick-up truckshummocks, monticules and barrowscreate a new geology between the building and the street. Under the yolky light, the leaves, like a crowd after a football game, rush toward the parking lot. Frank raises his eyes and picks out a single leaf emerging from the charcoal sky and follows its suicidal plummet to the earth. Twice before it lands it crashes into other leaves and Frank wishes that he had such vision that it would allow him to see the alterations from the results of that violence.
Staring at the leaves, through a double pane of glass, we wonder where our lives would be if we had earlier passed. Serena sings to the tune of Jungle Bells. Her voice is so low that Frank cant tell if she is being wistful or sarcastic.
I met your laugh long ago.
Disembodied.
No, it belonged to a wonderful girl named Legs Lyle.
Was that her given name?
No, thats what everybody called her. I dont remember what her real name was.
Gangly?
No, not that I remember. Or, at least, no more than any of us.
Then, what?
I dont know. She showed up at the beginning of our junior year and disappeared at its end. And in the interim launched a thousand ships.
Serena laughs.
Laugh. I like your laughIve loved your laugh.
Then, you might do more to make it come.
Frank wants to reach over his shoulder and cover Serenas hands, but instead, he says, Did you hear the one about.
Serena fills the ellipsis, the angry writer and the insipid widow? Has the writing always been so hard?
Frank starts to say that only the bad writing has been hard, but, instead, he puts his hands on his wheels.
My toothbrush calls.
You seem to be more reckless with your outsides than your insides.
Frank accelerates down the silent hall. Back in the safety of his room, he pours another drink, a small one, before he changes into the large sweatshirt he has been wearing as a night shirt.
In bed, he reaches far back for an image of Legs Lyle and wonders at the magic inherent in how her looks could change so much from day to daya days whim and cheeks pinkened, eyelashes lengthened, or breasts remolded, and wondered, too, at the greater magic that a laugh could stay the same across twenty thousand days of livingand at the wildest, and most inexplicable, magicthat he could remain so affected, so infected, by that soundeven when it punctuated pain.
He turns his thoughts, next, to Serenas heels and how they might feel if they were to rub against his calvesafter his legs have healed, and then to. Frank has just finished stocking a shelf with one and three-pound paper jars of Crisco when he sees Legs pass in front of the markets big window. Two seconds later, the bell rings as she comes through the door. Her hair is pulled back from her face and gathered in an unruly ponytail. She quickly looks around the market and Frank hopes shes looking for him. He stands up from where he has been sitting on an orange crate fitting the shortening jars, whose squatness remind him of cannon balls, into their narrow home on a lower shelf, but Legs back is turned toward him as she walks to the soap section.
Legs stretches above the shelf holding the red, white and blue box of Lux, which Frank considers to be a better value, for a box of Duz. As she does, the calf muscle above her white socks knot as tightly as Franks stomach. Although the scarred floor yaws before him, Frank makes his way from behind the counter toward the soaps.
Without turning around, Legs says, Hi, Frank.
We sell a lot of Lux.
Im a Duz girl.
Dozens of bold words birth in Franks brain, but fear wins out.
I hear its great, too.
When Legs laugh snakes itself around him, Franks whole face reddens as he fights for breath.
What do you think they use in the army?
Since Frank doesnt know if Legs question is serious or the opening line of a joke, he wobbles his head non-committally.
Need anything else?
Just a loaf of Tip-Top.
Frank hurries to the display at the back of the store, grabs a loaf of the patriotically packaged bread and heads toward the cash register. While he is adding up her purchases, Legs reaches into her incongruous black-beaded purse and brings out a tote to carry them.
Did you see The Outlaw?
Although Frank, like just about every other boy his age, is desperate to see Jane Russells new film, his father has forbidden it because it is reputed to be too risque.
No, Ive been too busy. How about you?
Westerns are kind of corny. Like Homer. With all thats going on, youd think Edgars could find something better for us to study.
I think The Iliad is the best thing Ive ever read.
Legs Lyles raised shoulders discount Franks opinion.
Its too theatrical. Its like propaganda, like those signs.
Legs points to the collection of OPA posters taped to the cupboard behind the cash register that discourage hoarding, explain why dairy products are scarce and declare that, Food is a weapon. Dont waste it.
Hes, Legs pauses for greater effect, bombastic.
Caught between defending Homer or arguing with Legs, both of whom fill his mind at night, Frank makes change and, dumbly, hands it to Legs. Then, suddenly, he blurts, If you want to go, Ill take you.
Legs raises an eyebrow, turns on her heels and recites as she walks out the door, So faithful in love, so dauntless in war, there never was knight like the young Lochnivar.
Frank nurses the furrows on his brow. He thinks he remembers Legs saying that, but it could have been someone later, maybe at Brown. Memory did far more than tricks. As far as he can recall, Legs hadnt been in the market that much. And, if she had, there probably would have been customers around and, certainly, Willi or Aline would have been near the register. Probably, the only things true in the whole scene were the detergent boxes and the Crisco jars. Those jars had had a strange heft, as if they were meant to be thrown rather than left on the shelf until someone had enough sugar rations saved for a couple of apple pies. The jars were true and the maladroit feeling talking to Legs had always brought.
Franks shifts his thoughts to the night of the fight. Are any of his memories of that night true? Or have they been shuffled so often that they have been made to follow a logic life rarely affords? They had been drinking in Chalmys car. Out to the car, back to the dance, and then out again to the car. And the hall felt too hot. And the car felt too cold. And the liquor, he guesses, felt both too hot and too cold. And he and Peleg and Chalmy talking about Legs. And Peleg saying she wasnt much and heading back to the dance. More drinking. And, then, two wraiths coming out the door. And, from inside the steamy windows of Chalmys car, seeing what must be Pelegs head lean toward Legs and two shadows becoming one for what seemed like a long time. And, a shadowy movement that looked like a struggle. Slamming open the car door and the sound causing Legs to push off from Peleg and hurry back inside. Peleg sidling. Chalmy swinging. blood drops spotting parking lot rime while Mills Brother muted harmonies and whispery laughter fought their way through thick stone walls. Whirls of color fox-trotting past the Guilds deep-set windows. Pelegs fist, wet with Chalmys snot and blood smashing, into Franks forehead. Chalmy sputtering, whimpering, yelling and catching Peleg on the ear with a windmill punch that continued its revolution until it smashed into the door handle of Mrs. Lampsons 39 Ford coupe. Chalmys index finger folded over backward, reminding Frank of the finger of a glove and Chalmy laughing while a bubble grew and shrank and ballooned again from his nose. And he, Frank, rabbit punching Peleg from behind as he stared at Chalmys finger and Peleg falling forward and splitting his head on the winged Mercury ornamenting Mr. Coughlins hood. And, inside, Legs, blithe to the Homeric destruction of which she was the cause, followed the Victrolas lead.
Frank took a sip of tepid coffee as he considered how Chalmys chivalrous injury had cost him his warand how Pelegs punches had cost him his life

* * *

Frank is in his room working when his thoughts are interrupted by Sirene laughter. The page before him has nearly as many cross outs and arrows as words. Frank puts down his pen and rubs the newly calloused pads on his middle finger against the tire of his wheelchair. Grit and lint, torn free from its electro-static bond, drops to the floor. After the tire feels clean, Frank turns his attention to a bristle just back from the tip of his splodgy nose. He teases the stiff hair with an index finger. He tries to pluck it, but he cant get a good enough grip between thumbnail and fingertip. Angrier from yet another failure, Frank flings open his door and wheels his chair toward an urn of bitter coffee.
When Serena walks in to The Commons dressed in red woolen slacks and a black turtleneck, Frank averts his eyes; however his ears trace her light step. He hears the muffled sound of a plastic spoon being tapped on a foam cup, and the noise, like a robin searching for food under dry leaves, as Serena opens a packet of sweetener. Serena takes her time tearing the blue paper and flicking a nail to empty the contents. It reminds Frank of a night spent in a Broadway theater sitting with his knees crushed against the seat in front while watching Dustin Hoffman play Shylock. A row behind him, a woman, who smelled of rosemary roasted chicken and had coughed through three acts, took most of Shylocks defense of his pound of flesh to unwrap a lozenge that left the odor of horehound well into Act V.
How are you, Frank?
Old enough to remember when a cup of coffee made music rather than the sound of scratching rats feet.
On broken glass in my dry cellar?
Frank watches Serenas back pass through the glare of window until she takes her place at the bridge table. He sits for a long time, drinking his coffee, trying to make sense of the sounds at the far end of the room as well as those inside him.
After hearing that Peleg is dead, Frank waits for Mr. Edgars to offer tribute to Pelegs life. He expects the teacher to open The Iliad to read lines that will make sense of the snarl of feelings that Frank carries within. Instead Mr. Edgar speaks of Aachen and the importance of Bradleys move into Germany and MacArthurs return to the Philippines.
When Frank makes a pilgrimage to the Scotts old house, a brindle dog, a stranger, chases him from the yard.
A few days later on a warm morning in early April, Frank bicycles to Middlebridge with his pannier packed with a lunch and Homer. After flipping over Pelegs dinghy and cleaning out the winter leaves that were trapped along the gunwales and under the thwarts, he stows his gear, drags the small boat to the water and begins hitching a ride down the Narrow River on the back of the outgoing tide. Lost in his thoughts, he drifts past the graphite mine and has to turn back. After beaching the boat, Frank sits on a log, smokes a succession of Wings, drinks most of a half pint Mason jar of whiskey he has stolen from his father and reads aloud, Fare thee well, Patrocles, even in the house of death. See now I am fulfilling all that I promised.
Frank takes his only picture of Legs and sets it on fire. Long after Legs image has turned to ash and the ash had been kicked to the winds, Frank spills drunken tears over sins of cowardice and courage.
This is bullshit.
Frank knocks his coffee cup to the floor and flees the Commons. 



Chapter Twenty-two

Quest?


ddtallioni cant say the name w/out thinking of a Brit clown with a pile of waxy red hair, a putty nose and a nasal accentbut it aint 2bgrandpere looks short, has a little pepper and a lot of salt haira nose that reminds me of the nozzle of a garden hoseis that a snozzle?newman blue eyes and parenthetical lipsa chin likei cant think whatmaybe i expended too much of todays brief gift in seeing those thin dark lips as parenthesesrugged, sturdya massif of resolve, rectitude, even, probityddi hate writers who use body parts as a stand in for characterits just another debased phrenologyya gotta figure if physiognomy dictated character, then poe and lincoln, who look like brothers, should have more in common than the ability 2 turn a phrasei draw 2 fingertips toward Tallions digitized picture 2 snap off a jaunty saluteu, sir, w/your blue oxford shirt and flaccid striped tie, are the betrother of my bloodu, sir, w/your sworn oath 2 uphold the sacred honor of the National Association of Realtors as u serve your fellow man, or since u profess 2 have a special interest in the real estate needs of this countrys seniors, the widows of this great land, are the blacksmith of the crucible of my fateu, sir, begat my mother, who, through no fault of her own, begat mei study your face, your eyes, your whole web page, looking for clues 2 my chemistryand, u sir, be forewarned, looking at u on a screen will prove 2 be inadequateu sir, just 80 miles away, shall meet your effect and consequencebye-o, dd .



Chapter Twenty-three

Prey and Prayer


Handsome Johnny is shaking his head in disbelief or disgust.
Whats Broker say?
Brokers busy saving souls.
Convenient. I thought you had an offer on it.
Thumb indenting cheek, gnawing on the knuckle of his index finger, Lex nods.
I do. Full price.
Whos your lawyer?
It wont come to that.
Wanna bet? Ready, willing and able asshole buyer and your old guy balks? Wheres the Star Chamber? Whats with the old guy?
Lex shifts his gaze past Handsome J to the First Baptist church with its impossibly white steeple.
He changed his mind.
Ah, whimsy.
Lexs focus snaps back to Wiley. He stares hard until his colleagues eyes drift down to his desk. The silence goes on for most of an hour before Lex says, Hes old. Hes sick. He lost his wife.
Sorry.
Handsome J has never said sorry so Lex knows his contrition is more about the Jeason deal than Mike Krants.
Hes one of the good guys.
Rare breed.
Endangered.
Two days later, Lex finds out that Handsome Johnny is right. The Lenzers call Lex to tell him that they are not going to go away. They have hired counsel to force Mike Krants to sell his house. Lex has two drinks before driving over to Mikes house.
They are on the deck looking out over a green bay frilled with white lace. Two doors down dozens of starlings are debating a trip south.
Its called specific performance. They can ask a court to compel you to sell your house. They dont want their deposit back. They want the house.
What if I sweetened the pie?
How sweet?
You tell me. Five grand? They put twenty down in earnest money and get twenty-five back two weeks later. Pretty good return.
Lexs hands try different ways of gripping the handrail.
I dont know, Mike. I can pitch it to them and see if they swing. Or, I can write it up as a counter-proposal, but if you want to do that, I wouldnt offer five grand, if thats your final number. Maybe, start at twenty-five hundred, let them bump it up.
Lex forces himself to stop talking. Over the years he has found that when a deal springs a leak, his pattern is to keep talking until he says something that tends to minimize the consequences. Too often, when those more serious consequences, inevitably, materialize, Lex has found himself accused to being either a liar or an idiot.
The rail groans when Lex puts too much weight on it.
Mike chuckles, Guess the house isnt too happy changing masters.
Fight it?
Didnt your folks warn you to stay away from senile old farts?
They didand I do when I find them.
Mike raises a shoulder to discount Lexs words.
Either way, whatever I do, when Beth finds out, Im finished. Shipped off to Penultimate Place. Lo, thought I walk through the Valium of Death.
You fight it, you can tie things up for a long time.
You mean until I, Mike waves one hand like hes shooing flies, pass on.
Ready to move.
Say, Colonel, how long were you married?
Four years, sir.
Standard tour?
I guess so.
No desire to re-up?
Guess I wasnt a lifer.
A gull plummets from the sky into the surf and rises up with a small crab flailing.
How long were you and your wife together?
Fifty-two years.
Mike hesitates before he continues, About forty-five of them good ones.
I didnt realize your wife had been sick that long.
Those werent the bad ones.
Mike smiles at the confusion on Lexs face.
The bad ones were six through about twelve. Young kids, not much money, recognition of how much freedom lost, mutation of self into family. Too busy, too tired. Too much the worker and parent. Too little the spouse.
Lex is nodding so Mike asks, Sound familiar?
Some of it. No kids, though. I think my problem was I brought too much war home.
Military life isnt easy.
Her dad was career. She was used to it, but she wasnt used totowhatever.
Lexs fists beat a rapid tattoo on the railing.
Do you want some coffee?
No, I better get back and try to get this thing moving. Hows your son? Still there?
A couple of more days is what he says, then hes dropping by on his way home.
Lex lifts his hands from the railing.
Pretty good R&R around here.
With a couple of exceptions.
When Lex starts for the deck stairs, Mike grabs his bicep and squeezes it twice. Driving back to the office, Lex thinks more about Mikes last act than about getting his client out of the contract.
The rule is that you go to Broker with something important. But, the other rule is that when Broker is on vacation, the question had better be important important. Lex figures the situation he has with Krants could be interpreted to meet the criterion, but a couple of things need to be considered. What Broker is doing isnt a vacation, and Lex already has Broker looking over his shoulder on the Curtson fight. Lex decides to keep Broker out of the loop for the time being. He can feel his luck is changing.
But, he admits, feelings can be wrong.

* * *

The loud thump in the hall makes Handsome J look up from the catalog of house signs and business cards he is perusing. Lex falls against the doorframe and moans loudly. After taking a couple of shallow, raspy breaths, he sticks his arm out in front of him, as if he is blind, and staggers halfway into the room.
Corpsman.
Rookie pushes back from his desk.
Lex takes two more steps and falls on the top of his desk. A mug of pencils and the tape dispenser fly. A flyer box stake, about four feet long, sticks out from between his legs.
The Colonel groans, Do something.
Rookie pushes his chair even further back until its braced against the wall. Wiley bolts from his chair.
Where does it hurt?
Lex moves and the stake wiggles back and forth.
Wiley whips around to Rookie, Pull it out or push it through?
Rookies eyes are at full aperture.
Wiley wrings his hands, Quick, cmon, which? Push or pull?
P-p-p-ull.
Right.
Handsome J steps over to Lex, puts a tasseled loafer on the victims buttocks and begins grunting as he twists, turns and pulls at the stake. When it finally comes out, he asks, Better?
Lex pushes himself up from the desk and limps around to his chair.
Much, Androcles.
Fucking buyers or fucking sellers?
Both. Remember the Lackermons. The couple who would spend two hours going through a house before getting back in the car and telling me they hated it? The ones who promised to list their house with me because of their deep appreciation for the several hundred hours I spent squiring them around to houses they picked and then despised?
Vaguely.
Exasperated, Lex says, Aubergine tits, little ankles and a mouth off a china doll?
Yeah, of course.
The distaff half calls, bubbly, burbly to ask if I had heard that theyd bought a lot in Champagne Gardens. I negative that. They do so want to meet me for breakfast and a chat. Over hash and deux oeufs, they tell me of their plans to drop $150 a square foot for three thousand square feet. Then, a call for silence and the presentation. Not only have they bought without me, they have sold without me. Couldnt help it, reallyneighbor, friend of a friendbutbecause they are such honorable people and to make up for the loss of somewhere between ten and twenty thousand dollars of commission, they are buying me breakfast and giving me a $100 gift certificate to Radio Shack. I paid the check, left a tip and the certificate.
As a former president said so feelingly, I feel your pain.
Obliged. That beats a bandage.
Lex sweeps his hand toward the floor, Shall we?
Wiley nods his assent. Both men slump out of their chairs to kneel upon the floor. Wiley reaches out for Lexs hand.
Blessed Heavenly Broker, He who greases all deals, forgive those who pork us. Make them whole and handsome. Bless them with eaves free of leaves and paint without lead. Lower their radon counts and raise up their equity as You can so easily do. Fill their wells with pure water and their pockets with Mammon. Let them not trip or fall when the step on us, your obedient servants. For this, Blessed Broker, we humbly pray.
Both agents say, Amen, before struggling to their feet. Rookie slowly slides his chair away from the safety of the wall.

* * *

That night Lex continues his orisons. Drunk and guilty, he kneels by the side of his bed with his knees resting in two pie tins half-filled with samp. His hands hold his head as his head tries to hold onto an image of a beneficent God. He imagines a Being, looking down from its gondola as a lead ingot ejected from the barrels mouth zips through the jungle to destroy Grandmother Courages toothless smile. The Being would look from Grandmother back to Lex hanging in his tree. Would it not feel anger, then, perhaps, remembering an echo from a Cosmic Moment before, intone, Forgive them; for they know not what they do. If Its attention would shift from the wreckage of Grandmothers smile to the tears and snot running from Lexs own ravaged face, would It not feel pity and mercy? Would It want to pull him up from his perch into the gondola? Would It spread Its arms to encompass all that floated beneath and would It show him the Big Picture?
Lex shifts his knees and feels a small satisfaction as he realizes that the blood, which has begun leaking through his skin, has glued pieces of the dried corn to his flesh. The ache has traveled up his thighs and he hopes that soon it will crowd out an old ladys gaping smile.



Chapter Twenty-four

Making Out


You are Legs Lyle. I know you are. We know you are. We act like you are. Why not just say it?
Frank Rasling stares at her eyes. After a moment of meeting his gaze, Serena Tallion looks down at her plate where her hands are busy dissecting a small chicken breast cross-hatched with suspiciously perfect grill marks.
You are.
The laugh that spills from Serenas mouth mocks Frank.
I cant imagine any seventy-five year old woman being called Legs. It sounds more like a Damon Runyon character.
Legs Lyle. Allegra Lyle.
An authors fervid imagination.
Arent you?
Serenas head moves back and forth.
No.
Frank begins re-figuring the numbers to see where he has made his mistake.
Not for fifty years.
Frank massages his lips while Serena cuts another square of meat.
Did you tell anyone you were leaving?
Serena shakes her head, No, not really.
Why not?
Doors open. Doors close.
In someones face?
It didnt feel like that. At least, back then.
Then, what?
I dont really remember. Maybe just like another discontinuity. Like a folio of pictures. Snapshots, not a reel of film. I looked at some of the pictures. I turned the page.
Where did you go?
My dad went to Ft. Dix. I spent some time outside of Albany.
How come?
An army brats life takes a lot of turns.
The finger, which Frank has been rubbing on his lip, points toward Serena.
Youre still Legs Lyle.
If you say so.
Again, Serena cocks her head, like a crow studying a shiny find, before getting up from the table and walking away. Frank pushes himself away from the table and follows her out of the dining room.
Its the end of an afternoon of too many questions from Frank and not enough answers from Serena. Finally, their talk just stops. An embrace begins.
Where and what Frank is touching is warm and soft. The flesh, though seemingly not needy, is pliant. It smells of some generic flower. All in all, it is rather nice, but the thought that wont leave Franks head is that it also is seventy-five years old. Almost five times older than the last time he has touched it. Frank tries to keep his stroke tender, but he finds his hands moving in a way that he suspects may reveal his thoughts. He relaxes his fingers and works to drift away from, rather than fight, the thought that what he is touching is bad wrapping on a generous gift.
Despite the weather, war and all its home front sacrifices, the Guild gymnasium had been very warm. He had circled around the outside edge of the room just once before taking off the sweater Paul Cummings had loaned him. Leaning against a wall, staring through the supposedly romantic gloom and bobbling heads, he had looked for Legs.
Frank dissects Serenas body. This patch of skin, high thigh, though aged and ill-fitting of the flesh beneath, is warm, ineffably soft and willing to be touched. This patch of cheek, though downy, thin and scored, smells of comfort. This deflated pap, water balloon gone by, has an unexpectedly erect nipple. Franks hand moves to Serenas collarbone, then her elbows, and then down to her wrists. These feel much as he remembers them. And this small patch, already aged looking in its youth, remains the same. Exotic in its smell and secretions. As Franks fingers work an ancient magic, his brain works another. A montage of images, lustrous, detailed, non-linear, fill the dark behind his lids
He graduates from high school in June of 1945, three months after Pelegs death. Germany has already surrendered. He is at Ft. Dix on VJ Day, where he stays for another year. His duties as a clerk are to keep the process of mustering out troops moving along. Eighteen months after being inducted, Frank himself is mustered out with a privates stripe, good health and the full benefits of the GI Bill.
He graduates from Brown in three years with more than a dozen sexual conquests recorded, conquests founded, in part, on a dramatic service record he has invented. He stays in Providence and takes a job selling industrial cleaning compounds around New England. Writing nights in hotels and motels and weekends in his apartment, he has A Delphic Charm published to spotty, but good, reviews by the time he is twenty-six. He sidesteps the Korean War, moves to Greenwich Village in 1953 and hangs out with a crowd that includes Dan Wakefield and Ted Steeg. In his first year in New York, he finishes a complete and hipper re-write of A Black Horse Stumbles. Horse goes into four reprints and makes him a lot of money, as does the next book, Pillar of Oracles. However, by 1958 he is doing more reading than writing. He marries Lorraine Loringham, sires Burnett, free-lances a dozen magazine articles, slogs his way through One Bright Cloud during a summers solitary confinement in a smoky hunting lodge north of Lake George. Cloud is bad enough to be optioned by Metro Goldwyn, but dies in a drawer. He splits the money with Lorraine and wishes her well, disregards his new editor, Phil Weiss advice, and leaves for Paris. He stays two years. He reads little, writes lessexcept for long exegetical letters to Weissand devotes himself to being a young roue.
In 1965 he returns to America to bear witness to the last month of his fathers life. After Charley dies, Frank catches a rogue creative wave that lasts just long enough for him to eke out the sixty-five thousand words of Out of Step. Phil Weiss loves the book and gratefully accepts the books acknowledgment of his grace and wisdom. Frank manages to find homes for most of the twenty-five authors copies. Another fourteen hundred seventeen copies are sold. Frank flies back to Paris.
One minute, two minutes, five minutes, ten. Frank touches Serena and remembers other eyes, bellies, smiles, smells. A fingernails carmine sheen as it cut across his pelvis. An arc of thigh across a subway aisle. An auburn mane frowzed from sex nestling against his arm. A curiously round tongue licking lips dried from passions work.
Franks hand begins to ache. Serenas spine begins to arc. She makes a slight noise then turns her lips to his.

* * *

Frank had thought that a night together might lead the storyteller back to his tale. But, in the three days after their hours together, despite all the memories and emotions aired, Frank writes but one hundred eleven words.



Chapter Twenty-five

Baiting


dd: ?s for grandpereb4 u sold a house, did u sell your soul?someone scrapes and saves, and pays a mortgage for 30 yrs and u come along and stick a sign in the front yard and walk away w/6% of those 30 yrsthat is unconscionable, but, leaving my grandmamasan, w/mamasan swimming in her belly in the middle of a war that, 2, is unconscionablehow can u re-align a persons *s, disrupt her fate, twist her future and the future of those in her future and walk away? R u GOD? Were u God 35 yrs ago? mucking in a place u had no right 2 b? i dream of that place which you visited changedor maybe notill grant you that, but a place i will never knowthe spice of the cinnamon trees after a rainthe thick fume of frying fish on a breathless nightthe clock-like whirr of a 1000 bicycles erupting with the dawnthe wholesome stink of water buffalo dung drying along a dusty roadu have my memories, GRANDFATHER, and I have none. Ttyl, dd, 
Dear Mr. Tallion:
I saw your listing on Squanut Road. The house appears to be very nice, but I am left with several questions. From the photograph, the roof appears to be fairly new, but there seems to be no ridge vent. Please explain. What is a fire district tax? I live in Boston, and although we make an effort to have every tax imaginable, I am unfamiliar with this. Please explain. The map shows this house to be more than six miles to the town beach. Can I bicycle there? Safely? If I put in an in-ground pool and fill it with town water, will I have to pay sewage fees for all of that water even though it wont be going through the sewer pipes?
I am a professor of ethics at Northeastern University.
I live by a strict set of standards and expect those who would work for me to do the same? Your thoughts?
Sincerely,
Ed Glass, Ph.D.
ddi have been e-mailing GRANDFATHERhe seems somewhat dullalthough i wished for more, i think I expected thisrepartee from a professional soldier will be blunt, at besti wish i were at the library rather than here in {calculus} class so that i could use a french dictionary because i think ive made a decent puni wonder how much better my french would be if nothing back in my genetic home had changeddespite no true connection, except blood and hateill keep writing himmayb ill even calli wonder if i can make my voice sound like a Monique Screed, my latest invention. julia told me that when she was young and had 1st moved 2 boston that she and her dad played a game called Awwwhh Peopleawwwhh soo nice 2 see youi can probably do that, but i keep thinking monique may have more of a sultry hum 2 her speechwhoever she is, I need 2 practice Aidan just cocked his left eyebrow at me as Prof P. integrated a curve that reminds me of a papayas silhouette my stomach flutters as I kept my look aloofi hope aloofprobably I just looked like I was spazzed out1 arched brow brings a rainbow of possibilities.+!
My Dear Alexander,
Would trellised berries deter birds? Although fond of NATURE, I would not want to share more than fifteen percent of my strawberries with bird, beast or bug. Your expert take on this would be? Additionally, if not parenthetically, how much maple syrup might I expect from those two sugar maples which your e-mail mentioned are growing at the back of the yard? Also, in your estimation, when does a property go from having a yard to having grounds? Is it more a function of price, size or landscaping efforts?
With fond regard,
Monique



Chapter Twenty-six

Meander, Maunder


Ineffable sadness, my plight and troth, stretches out from my soul to my fingertips where Joanies tongue has magnified their sensitivity. The wrinkles of my forehead feel like a corrugated roof. The keloid on my left cheek, directly below the gimlet eye, one of many scars from childhood wars, now wet from memories, rises from my cheek like an ant mound. The once lapidary skin of the back of my earlobe abrades my thumb tip. I slide my back further down the seawall so that I can shift my gaze from the sea before to the sky above. Which, in their separate infinities, holds more dreamsserpentssaints.? My sagging body loosens a spattering of sand clinging to the wall. A cascade of grains, countable by a longer-lived ascetic than I, fall below my collar. I straighten my spine so as not to impede their fall, stare at the numinous stars and dream of the comfort of hairclothheircloth.
It seems so silly to be an engine so run down. Undiagnosably run down. Heart, as pump, works. Blood, though feverish, flows freely. Stomach, intestines, kidneys, transmute and filter as ordained. Urine flows outthough now more capriciously. Semen flows upthinner, slower, but not begrudged. Balls in sockets rotate within prescribed arcs. Levers, their fulcrums and intended loads, all fall within the parameters, but.
A finger of wave, silvery black wraith, races up the dun sand to my boots. I smile knowing that that obsecration will not long persist. My hands trail from face to heart. Like a bird in hand, tight enough to contain, but not to harm, I cup my flesh. All is quiet beneath my fingertips; however the sand beneath and the wall behind pulse with the seas strict cadence. My ears welcome the waves banzai screams as they sacrifice themselves upon the shore.
My heart once was full.
The windows faced east, toward the Promised Land, and early on a summer morning, the sun would push its way past the aging shades deep into our cave. I would put my callused hands around Hais neck. My hands might slide down upon her naked shoulders while my eyes, like the blinds, closed to half-slits, would stare at a smooth, curved, warm, brown surface and long for more time.
As the days light insinuated itself, slid across the humid smoky air to caress Hais shoulder and turn it the color of toffee, when our fearful, fearsome flesh would touch and our smells mingle and our individual heats, if fate decreed, beget a thirdI often wonder if I would have loved her so much if I had not killed her grandmotherwho killed my comradeswho were comrades to those who had glazed her daughter in napalm.
I look at the stars, thousands upon thousands, and not just overhead, but far out, even close to where the sky meets the water, grains of light, wink and flitter. Where has all of that chaos within order come from? I look again at the waterits rhythmic undulations, like pleats piped with silver trim, as they race toward me. I look far past the shore at a swell, straight as castle walls, silent, grow then curve as it adapts itself to the rising shore. The top of the smooth black form births a head of silver foam, then squalls as it is expelled from its mother to die upon the hardened shore. I look to see where I will go.
As I remain slumped against the wall, the waves grow in size and voice. They begin to break further out from shore, but throw their remains higher upon the sand. My heels, ankles, then, calves grow wet. My eyes flicker back and forth along the spume line catching glimpses of ghosts in manic dance.
Ghosts, more ghosts, and many more to come, dance their fury out at sea as their numbers multiply and their impatience grows more bellicose. I wait, and if my own courage does not fail, as it so often does, within an hour their spirit limbs will lift mine, tug, drop, tug, drop, lift, and, finally, pull me from the wall. Like Mike, I, too, will float freesilver flotsam carried out under silver stars into the cinerous sea. Boo. Boo hoo. Buffoon Tallion. Pour Lex Tallion, roiled Tallion, Roi Tallion. Ineffably sad. Adding his own salty tears to an infinite ocean of them.
Lex Tallion reporting, sir. Reliable Lex. Ex-colonel, warrior and wit, back from his latest failed suicide mission, sir. Tried my best, sir. Do or die, sir. But, didnt, sir. She wouldnt have me, sir. Dont know why, sir. Womans wiles, sir. Oh, sea, can you say? No answer, sir. Just cast me back. In-F-able, if you catch my meaning, sir. Try again, but, off to duty, sir. Time to make a dime, sire, time to make a difference.
Lex rises from his knees, salutes the figure upon its cross, pats his pockets for Palm Pilot and phone, about-faces and marches down the hall toward the front door. Somehow, despite the small creature with its pinioned arms not returning his salute, Lex feels dismissed.
That night Lex sits in the grocery parking lot working on his breathing. He usually does his grocery shopping late at night. It allows him to experience a peculiar desolation, more antiseptic, yet more intense than what he usually feels. The wide empty aisles, unrelenting florescence, his hollow sounding steps, the death rattle of a gimpy-wheeled cart, the startling colors of the boxes and bottles of a brightness beyond nature, the claustrophobic submarine hum of the freezer compressors bring him to a point where he wants his world to end. However, as he has discovered one drunken night when he was so overwhelmed that he leaned against a foggy freezer door before slumping to the floor, the giant store, though eerily quiet, is not deserted. That night, he has barely drawn himself into a fetal curl before a young man with gelled hair, a winter tan, and wearing a name tag which says, ironically, Francis, has gotten Lex on his feet, through check-out, out into the parking lot and into his car. Once home, despite the pervasive odor of rancid oil and burned garlic, a clear indicator that Mother Courage had been about, Lex had felt a despair of such lighter weave that he could have confused it for gratitude.
Lex is shopping tonight, just after midnight, not so much from desperation, but more from a near-immediate need for toilet paper, trash bags, horseradish, butter, consomme, and anchovies. Between the toilet paper and the trash bags, he takes his time studying all the things that clean. Since he himself owns only liquid dish soap, scouring powder and ammonia, seeing the scores of compounds specifically for brass, glass, carpets, toilets, ovens, and so many other things that he has at his house, gives him a sense of shame. That inadequacy is calmed in the dairy section where the types of horseradish number just four. His relief leads him to put one of each into his cart.
Lex is looking at the jars of mixed pickles trying to find one with a preternatural number of onions and cauliflower florets when he hears his name murmured. Despite the strong sense that the sound may have come from within as it often does at night, Lex turns his head from the pickles and finds a small female, whether girl or woman he is unsure, smiling at him. While Lex rifles his brain for a name to put to a face that is vaguely familiar, the person extends her hand.
Chloe Dandrell. We havent met. I just know your face from your ads.
Though my fame precedes me, Lex takes the small hand, Lex Tallion. He bows slightly, At your service.
Canting her head, Chloe studies Lex for a moment before saying, You look even more trustworthy in person.
Reconstructive surgery. They took a tuck in my cheeks to make my eyes appear wider and more innocent.
Chloe points to her own almond-shaped eyes. I had innocent. I asked for inscrutable.
They botched it.
Chloe laughs, a noise that reminds Lex of wind chimes, Maybe. Abruptly, she turns away and disappears.
It takes Lex a long time to select his jar of pickles. He has turned the key in his ignition before he notices the piece of paper held by a washer blade.
Which is harder? To sell a house to an angel or a soul to a devil?
Lex thinks he knows the answer to that.
Lex eats some pickles and anchovies on crackers and drinks more Chartreuse, and tries to fall sleep, but within three hours of coming home from the grocery, a very drunk insomniac is breaking into St. Stephens Church.
Lex sits on cold marble with his head leaning back against a corner of the altarhis body slumps in much the same position it had taken the night before at the seawall.
Christs predicament reminds him of Chris Crossed, who had hung from an ebony tree for most of a week slowly inflating himself into a hideous balloon. It had taken Lex just one shot to kill him, but it took over a dozen to free Chris from his bonds so that he could fall from sight. Lexs bottle of Chartreuse clinks loudly, but doesnt break against the marble when his hand, attempting to brush aside a memory, hits the bottle instead.
He feels foolish looking for relief in a place where he has never before found it, but, since he has found so little succor elsewhere of late, he has decided to give Gods house a chance. Although it doesnt have Andersen windows, hardwood floors or central air, Lex likes the cathedral ceiling hovering above him in shadow, the blond wainscoting and the adequate on-site parking. He takes another pull of his medicine as he teeters between absurdist laughter and blasphemy.
To distract himself, Lex slides over toward the center of the altar and spreads his arms wide until the backs of his hands meet the chill sacred stone. In a bad British accent, he begins to riff on Peter OTooles lines from the crucifixion scene in The Ruling Class. After a minute, he begins to laugh. He reaches for his bottle, holds it high, drops it, and continues laughing as he lies back upon the shards. He continues to laugh as he compares the efforts needed to clean up the mess he has just made with other messes in his past and the mound of kleig-lighted debris in Manhattan.



Chapter Twenty-seven

Foe


ddhes taller and sadder than i would have guessedactually, had guessedi took the time 2 make up details while turtles shitbox, but freely loaned, car did its 21st century proletarian version of thomas wolfes train, like a scalpel, sliced through the amer-I-can nighttaller and frailer, more fearful, w/shoulders hunched as if something might explode close byor is that my imagination?waxy looking ears, like it wouldnt take much, maybe just a little heat, 2 cause them to droopthe khakis were droopy, 2not like pants with a waist 2 small pushed down under a gutmore like some 3rd world person cutting patterns without ever seeing an amer-I-can, but having the idea of plentywatchno ringsvoice as smooth as when i made the phone callno socksand the boat shoes that arent moccasinswhatever those are calledid like to look at the eyes some morehis met mine, but they seemed like they wanted 2 skitter awaypretty blue likehmmm like winter sky, cheap sapphires, oceans deep, a robins eggsome kind of bluei watched him get the noteun-bushido-like, he started the car before he noticed itbut, he did read it right awayseemed 2 slow him a littleId checked his house out earlierpretty littlea bungalow thing with a railed porch w/ center steps and 2 gabled windows above-could have been one of those houses that looks like a face, but someone put the front door over on the right side which screws it upi walked around backno flowersback door wasnt locked. ! byebye, dd.



Chapter Twenty-eight

Friendships


After their fight on September 11, Kim stops talking to Peleg. The veteran finds himself growing angrier the longer her silence goes on. His anger frightens him not only because, being helpless, there is nothing he can do about it, but also because he has constructed an endurable life that is founded on a delicate balance. He is afraid of what imbalance might mean.
It is nearly October before Kim breaks silence. Without any pleasantries, she begins reading a letter from Abigail Shoney, the owner of the Magis Dream in Newport, Rhode Island.
Abigail writes that her business is down since the attacks.
Peleg has been anticipating something like this. The stock market has dropped almost one thousand points. From what he can gather from the occasional blurb heard on a distant radio or television, America has hunkered down. The attacks have served to focus peoples thoughts on what is important. Overall sales are down, but, surprisingly to Peleg, Abigail Shoney writes that the sales of his friendship bracelets have exploded. Abigail is placing a larger than normal order, but she also is suggesting to Peleg that he consider two opportunitiesbraiding some special 9/11 braceletsperhaps using red, white and blue yarns and that he come to Newport at the end of the month for a Meet the Artists weekend she is considering to boost sales.
Peleg immediately rejects the first suggestion, as it has been his belief for more than fifty years that the evocation of flag and country usually leads to death. However, despite Pelegs belief in the absolute necessity of equanimity, as his fingers fly to keep up with the new orders, his thoughtssome new, some old, some redactions of long-held beliefsmore than match their pace. His work being requested, a chance for affirmation, and the restorationeven though strainedof his relationship with Kim imbues Peleg with a level of energy and agitation that he hasnt known for many, many years.



Chapter Twenty-nine

The Kindness of Strangers


After being startled awake by a loud sound, which he guesses he only dreamed, Alex Tallion heats coffee in the microwave, kicks aside some unpalatable parts of a vole Joanie has deposited on the stoop and drives to the seawall.
Uncomfortable at running the gauntlet of dawn-gazing coffee drinkers sitting on stone benches and staring out at the fog-shrouded sea, like whalers wives, Lex holds his cup far in front of him and vaults the wall. Gravel explodes upward and falls back into his ageless boat shoes. He heads straight toward the water to shorten the distance he has to slog through the soft sand.
Even after the worst nights, nights spent thousands of miles away from where his twisted sheets bind him, Lex always finds moments of solace when he trots along the waters edge. Today is unlike three days before when a clear sky, Virgin Mary blue, and an exploding sun had made the water so bright that it was impossible to clearly see its edge. Today, light mist allows Lex to study the pale gray sea and its wake and runlets, as a defeated tide retreats down the sand. Like a sandpiper, Lex abruptly stops, reverses course two steps and stoops to pick up a curl of beer bottle green sea glass. As his thumb rubs sand from the glass, Lex looks past the weak breakers to a spot, not far beyond, where water and mist merge seamlessly. Just past the Dunes Club, Lex slows his pace to study the Thai-like rill marks the ocean has written upon the sand. In restful and recuperative Bangkok those swirling lines had seemed to him to be the antithesis of a system for communicating. Staring down past his feet, Lex feels the familiar, always uncomfortable, sense of ignorance. Ignorance of why, at one end of the beach the tide leaves lines like isotherms and at the other these Oriental billet-doux.
Out to sea, the sun, which has been fighting the mists shroud, begins to triumph. A patch of gray first turns to rose and, then, a moment later, far to the east, a small disk, like an alarm button, glows red.
Lex has meant to walk as far as the Narrows so that he could cross over the dunes, which silence the waves unending braggadocio, to walk along the secret-whispering estuarine river behind. However, as he nears the cut-off spot, two least terns dive at his head screeching avian curses. Like a mystic lost in the desert, Lex bows his head and retraces his steps. Seconds later he starts into an ungainly sprint along the clean-swept, hard-packed sand. A half-mile down the beach, the sand softens and becomes pimpled with stones and black mussel shell shards. Lex slows, hocks something thick his lungs have cast out, then, mumbling something at the clearing horizon, picks up the pace again.
Twenty minutes later, the sky is blue, the sun a yolkish yellow and the cement beneath the bench, where Lex still has not regained his breath, is smudged red from his lacerated feet. Lex feels better. He dumps the bloody gravel from his shoes.

* * *

Ebullient. That is the word Lex has been searching for since leaving the beach almost two hours before.
Sometime in his forties, he began having trouble accessing certain words. At first, if he relaxed and looked the other way, like he really didnt care, the word would jump out at him within a minute or two. But, as the years passed, that convenience did, too. Later on, he found that if he slowly repeated the alphabet that often it would trigger what he needed. However, more recently and frighteningly, maybe for the last year or so, nothing works very well. He finds himself frustrated, hounding a shadow like a dog.
So, hes relieved when ebullient pops free and bubbles up.
Johnny Magic has been ebullient and garrulous and sycophantic since porking him out of almost half the Jeason commission. Hale fellow, well-fucked. The Magic Man has reached out to Broker and Broker has bought his versions of events. With Solomonic wisdom, Broker has left Lex a voice mail reaffirming that he should cut the baby almost in half.
Lex is sitting in his car finishing that days third cup of coffee and wondering whether he should follow up his beach run, on what has turned into such a perfect fall day, with a bloody walk down one of the gilt-leafed paths to Rome Point. After draining the tepid syrup at the bottom of the cup, Lex takes the Velcro-backed pad from the dashboard and works through the damage of the Jeason, Krants and Curtson deals. The sound he makes when he sums the commissions that have drained through his fingers in the last month would bring a veterinarian running. He turns the key and drives away from a walk in a resplendent woods.
Mike Krants car is in the drive, but the old man isnt at home. Lex, slightly crippled, carefully walks north toward Wild Goose Point to see if he can find him. As he rounds the curve in Buena Vista, he hears whinnying. The sound of horses, a block from the bay, is unexpected. Lex crosses the road and follows the sound until he comes to a path overgrown with burdock, wild asters and jewel weed. The air grows spicy as his pants brush against the plants crowding narrow footway. Pushing through a small grove of locust trees, their mortal leaves gone carmine, he comes up against a sturdy fence of rough-hewn poles and rough-sawn boards. Inside the fence is cropped pasture surrounding an island of swamp maples.
Lex puts a foot on the bottom rail and listens to the horses he cannot see. After a long minute, he whistles. Seconds later, three sleek bays, each with a white arrowhead on its forehead, come racing around the yellow maples. When Lex holds his hand over the railing, the horses bang their heads against each other trying to win the non-existent treat. From their agitation, Lex decides a rubbed muzzle is no substitute for sugar cubes. The horses grow rougher with one another, swinging heads and sidestepping against each others shanks. Finally, the horse in the middle, tired of being banged from both sides, nips what Lex assumes is a brother. That horse jumps sideways, turns, arches his body and kicks out with his hind legs. He just misses the middle bays ribs. The aggressor bolts away just as his intended victim kicks back. A second later all three horses are racing around the copse of maplesracing, arching and kicking. On the third lap, the lead horses legs slip out beneath him. He falls and slides twenty feet, whinnying angrily and thrashing madly. The second horse safely leaps over him but bangs a shoulder into a tree. The third horse stops, bucks, pivots a quarter turn and kicks again before trotting back toward Lex. As that horse nuzzles Lexs open palm, the fallen one struggles its way up and staggers off the battlefield.
Overwhelmed with guilt at what his slight deception has caused, Lex retraces his steps through the darkness of the overgrown path. He finds the old soldier sitting on a rock looking north toward Prudence Island. Whatever Krants is thinking is so engrossing that he doesnt turn his head at the crunching sound Lex makes as he walks across the mussel shell strewn beach.
Mikes breathing sounds like a sump pump.
You feeling good?
Mike waves off Lexs concerns, Middling.
I didnt know there were horses out here.
Youve never seen the cart? Little high wheeled two-seater? Red and gold?
Lexs lips purse in concentration.
Dont think so. Whos the owner?
Massachusetts man. Banker, I think. Has a young lady, Jenny, live in the little house and care for them.
Some pretty expensive pasturage.
Some pretty expensive horses.
Yeah? I dont know too much about horses.
My Beth rode through high school. Might be a couple of hundred thousand dollars running around inside that fence.
Lexs guilt spikes even higher than it was before when he thinks about how holding his hand out could have injured such an expensive animal. Seconds later, he feels even worse for thinking that harming an expensive horse is morally worse than injuring a nag.
Mike makes a semi-circle with his cane.
You here for the view?
You part of it?
Mikes laugh ends in a cough.
Like a Norman Rockwell. Old man looking at the horizon. Death, where is thy sting? Might work better if we had a cute little nipper, one of his freckled redheads, on his haunches looking at a shell. Youth explores what age deplores. What draws the young here on this grand day?
Lex bends his knees and studies a quahog shell before picking it up and offering it to the old man.
Mike snorts so hard something shoots from his nose.
Lex skips the shell across the lapping bay.
When you were working did you ever run out of gas?
Plenty.
Whatd you do?
Uphill? Stop. Downhill. Coast. Are you working on me re-considering that offer?
No. I think thats your decision. Youve got good reasons.
Then, what?
Not sure. Somethings come loosesomeway those planes shook something loosefrom back there.
Krants carves a line in the sea debris with his cane.
Colonel, its too bad you never had kids. Kids make it hard to keep a house neat. You learn that. Evie wouldnt go to bed unless the house was picked up. By the time Beth and David got on the school bus the next morning, Id wonder why she bothered. It was always messy. Maybe youre trying to keep things too neat.
Working to keep the anger out of his voice, Lex says, It seems like more than messy.
Mike shrugs, Everybody has different standards. My son Davids house always looks like a hurricane hit it, but when Im there I dont think about it too much. Hes got four kids. Hes in and out of the darkroom. His wife bakes. Both of them weave. The mess is coming from good works. Good works and kind acts. My daughters house is spotless, but she and Ken dont do anything but work. Real clean and pretty lifeless. Your mess probably comes from doing some living.
The word is so dry and so bitter that Lex is surprised he has blurted it out.
Dying.
The sound hangs in the air for an instant before being blown offshore.
Killing.
Mike taps Lexs calf with his cane before he turns toward the road.
Getting chilly. Ive got coffee.
Lex hesitates before shaking his head, No thanks, Ive had enough stimulation.
Lex listens to the fading tap of the old mans cane on the roadway. He stares far up the bay, past Prudence Island, to where, despite the clear sky and bright sun, things get hazy.
When Lex gets back home that night, after a therapy session at The Last Shot that goes on longer than he intends, he finds a plastic bag hanging from his screen door. Opening it up, he finds a wedge of Chaume, a round loaf of sourdough, a few slices of prosciutto, a Bismarck and two bottles of an unfamiliar beer called Optimator. Lex first guess is that Lo is feeling sorry for him. Later, as he sits on his deck and eats in the dark, he entertains the idea that his meal is a peace offering from Johnny Magic. As he finishes the second beer, he wonders whether it might be from Krants. After throwing the trash away, he decides to go with his first choice.
Lo doesnt answer her home phone, but Lex catches her on the cell.
Merci, danke and grazie.
Youre drinking.
On your dime and, again, danke.
For?
Your largesse.
The only largesse I have is with my butt. Whats up?
You didnt drop off a care package? Fromage, jambon?
Jesus, Lex, I thought you knew me better. I might give away half a frozen pizza, but thats about it. Its gotta be Handsome J wanting to get back in your pants.
After the screwing he gave me, theres not much point. I considered it, but just cant see it. You sure it wasnt you?
Los laugh, which always hits Lex low in the stomach, tinkles like breaking icicles.
You must have a secret admirer.
Hmmm.
You okay?
Hmmmm.
See you tomorrow.
Hmmmm.
Lex drinks late, sleeps late and substitutes the library for the office.
It takes Lex a second to realize that the young woman scanning the shelves of new fiction is the same person who has said hello to him in the grocery store. He stands behind her and watches which books draw her interest. When she passes by James Carlos Blakes new story, Lex steps forward and pulls it from the shelf.
As a trustworthy man, I recommend this.
The girl turns and pauses before smiling broadly, Mr. Tallion. How are you?
Lex shifts his gaze from her perfect teeth to her almond eyes.
Chipper.
The woman elongates her chin and switches to a Pimms Cup and ascot accent.
Chipper, aye? Wot wot? Wots this?
When she reaches out, Lex hands her the book.
Outlaw innocence.
Huck Finn?
Her answer so surprises Lex, it takes him a moment before he concurs.
Actually, yes, in that vein.
Do you read a lot?
Not enough. What about you?
Not enough to ruin me.
She opens the book and scans the jacket.
Hey, I know this guy. He did a story in Galveston.
Lex nods, Yes, he did. Do you know Galveston?
Lots of Vietnamese there.
Lex keeps nodding as he processes that information and wonders about the note she left on his windshield.
The girl touches Lexs wrist, Mongrel. My grandfather was a GI.
Lexs neck muscles grow tighter.
You sound like you didnt like it.
Pretty violent. Pretty romanticized. That combo doesnt really work for me. But, you liked it?
Lex wishes that he hadnt stopped at New Arrivals. He looks at his watch. The girl hands the book back to Lex, stares at him until his lets his eyes drop, then nods and slowly walks away. Lex follows for a couple of steps before he turns back to the latest fiction.



Chapter Thirty

Masked Confusion


ddbunking classes again and grades will show it, but no one flunks out of this place and the adventure is worth itborrowed turtles car and drove downleft him a doorknob cadeau and then connected w/him when he went 2 the libraryplopped a big clue on his plate, but he remains cluelessnervous, slow 2 play, 2 politei sat on a bench by the h2o and got pretty sad and even angrier that 25% of me is him1 out of 4 times I go left, its because of himi hate spidersmamasan doesnt mind them4 all I know, grandmother ate themhows he feeldo 8 leg fuzzies freak him out?he looks guilty and acts guiltyis that another of his gifts?if so, im not 2 impressed w/the package so farhow can i be a  of him and he cant tell?they say a mom can pick out her newborns cry in a nursery full of screaming babiesbut grampy doesnt even get a twinge when almost 30#s of his own DNA is standing in front of him?- obtuseabstrusesat on the bench flicking treat-size pieces of a stick at the duckseven they wised up after awhilewondering whether to say goodby to his-tory and saddle up or go blasting through his front door, ax in hand, yelling, Grampy, honey, im homelove melearn me hold meearn meim feeling like im the only kid in amerika left w/all the 60s diseasesanomie, angst, dis-affected, disenfranchised, over-existentialatedeverybody my age is 2 busy downloading songs and fighting infections from their piercings and tattoos to even guess that life, LIFE, might sucksometimes I think i just want to claim my seat.hey, lex, lux of my life, im yours. 2nd generation seed of your loinslooking to be the applet of your eyeshoot the breezetell my tale hear yoursget the recipe for living the good life in these you-be-nighted statesgrampy u b polonius 2 my laerteso, amerika, what do u get when u throw 1 merican warrior, 2 v-namese peasants and an indian esthete into the melting pot?mug-ill-all-the-timey stewwhich is not a neat fit w/most life menusenuf, enuf, Ive been this way before, wheres my smile, wheres my ax, Im coming through the door. 



Chapter Thirty-one

Night Insight


Its almost four a.m. Peleg has been in bed for hours, but he cant sleep. Although he knows it makes no sense, the dark of the middle of the night always feels denser than what occludes his vision during daylight. Its almost sticky, like cobwebs. Peleg rubs his eye sockets then turns on the light that he keeps by his bed to dispel the dark for others. He cleanly plucks his CD player from the nightstand, rifles through his disks and begins to listen to Mozarts Requiem.
Kim has told him earlier that day that U.S. troops have gone into Afghanistan. That was her phrase, gone into, rather than assaulted or invaded. Even though Peleg has told her repeatedly for years that war is of no interest to him, he cant sleep.
He reaches into the nightstand drawer and takes out his knife and one of the small plugs of apple wood that he uses for his amulets. He holds the wood, instantly warm in his hand, then begins to rotate it with his fingers. He bounces it upon the palm of his hand before bringing it to his nose to sniff. After smelling its faint fragrance, Peleg takes the smoothest side and rubs it across his forehead.
Over the years the blind man has carved bear heads and hearts, cats and stars, tiny goblets and the occasional cross, bulbous cars, disks with initials and patterns, and, once, a peace sign for an injured Vietnam veteran who had described it to him. Tonight, Peleg begins, tentatively, to carve something which he hasnt carved since the long hot hours he spent on the Missoula on his way to Iwo Jima.
On that tense trip, he had whiled away the hours whittling made penny whistles for all the men in his rifle company. It kept him busy and he figured it was a way to keep his comrades just a little bit safer. It might help to keep them together in the dark. They even had worked out a three-note signal, like an SOS, as a call for help. To Peleg, each whistle was distinct enough that he could tell the owners by the sound of the whistle.
On his thirteenth night on Iwo Jima, to push back his own unease, Peleg had kept his own whistle tucked in the corner of his mouth as he had moved forward to scout the area Lt. Krants had indicated. As a precaution against accidentally revealing himself as he made his cautious way up the sharp-edged rocks, he had kept the tip of his tongue against the whistle hole.
For more than fifty years he has wondered how he could have passed within a couple of feet of the Jap without detecting him. But, he had, because, suddenly, without sound or warning and despite his senses being on the highest alert, he was face down on the rocks with a garrote around his neck. Seconds later, he was being dragged through a narrow cleft in the rock.
Arms bound and mouth gagged, he was dragged along by four soldiers, none of whom came up to his shoulder, deeper into the cave. In a small low-ceilinged room dug from the stone, that smelled of rotten fish, Peleg watched while another marine, stripped naked, had his tongue cut out and his genitals removed with a machete. Two of the Japanese prised Pelegs jaws apart with their knives, shoved the marines penis deep in his throat, and sewed Pelegs lips to the other mans flesh. The smallest soldier, jabbering in a high-pitched voice that reminded Peleg of a grackle, sliced off Pelegs ears then pushed them down the marines throat with the butt of his knife. As they stripped Peleg naked and removed his tags, Peleg watched the other victims chest heave as tears flowed down his cheeks and thinned the blood around his lips.
After the soldier had suffocated, Pelegs feet were tied and he was left alone. Before the first hour had passed, Peleg had ground through the other mans flesh and swallowed the pieces so that he could breathe better.
Hours later another soldier came and, breathing heavily and muttering angrily, dragged Peleg deeper into the mountain before removing Pelegs genitals and his eyes with his knife.
Pelegs hands have grown quiet. Both knife and half-formed whistle lie atop his blanket. He wonders how soon before someone, rescued from one of the thousands of caves that riddle Afghanistan, is wheeled down the quiet corridor outside his room. He decides he had better not go to Newport.



Chapter Thirty-two

The Not Well Known Soldier


When Lex leans on the rail of Mike Krantss deck, it groans. High thin clouds, like fish scales, flee east. Two gulls play tag in the glare where the sun bounces itself off the scalloped surface of deep green water. The faintest smell of wood-smoke rides a southwesterly breeze. Since the service for Mike is private, Lex has come here.
Mikes daughter, Beth, has called Lex three days before to say that Mike is gone, killed by an infection from his quay-side leap, but she and her brother will go forward with the sale of the cottage to the Lenzers.
Lexs lungs wont work right. They are too full of something to hold the air he tries to inhale. The lines of scabs on his back itch. The wounds on his feet ache. And his eyes sting. His open hands beat some kind of rhythm upon the smooth deck rail.
It has been a long time since Lex has missed someone. He wonders if Mike will join Magook and the rest of the gang for nighttime visits. He regrets not squeezing the old mans arm.
In the cottage Lex stacks magazines and refolds newspapers. Theres laundry in the dryer, which he folds and puts away in bedroom drawers. He washes and dries a plate, two glasses and a mug. In the bathroom he cleans watermarks from the mirror and pee dribble from the toilet. Back in the bedroom, where the old man died, Lex plumps a pillow, aligns shoes and chokes back sobs.

* * *

Lex hurries up the stairs with a coffee in one hand and a fax in the other. Handsome Johnny, whom Lex hasnt seen in four days, looks from where he is writing an ad for an open house.
The old man died?
Relocated.
Pretty sudden.
Opportunitys like that.
What happens with the house?
Moves forward. Ive got inspections tomorrow.
There goes my chance to be a character witness at your trial.
Ive still got the Curtsons.
That could be awhile.
Lex tips his head in question.
Rook tells me he might be called up.
Called up is a phrase that gives Lex pause.
You didnt know? Rooks a weekend warrior. MP. His units getting activated. Keystone Cops in Afghanistan. Could be a real gut-buster. Not much pun intended.
Lex picks up his coffee and takes a long drink. The Magic Man grins and Lex has an urge to see his smooth, round, shiny face quartered by crosshairs.
Youre a winner, Handsome J.
The grin grows as Wiley puts a pen on his shoulder then takes a vicious swipe.
Strictly long ball.
Its almost five and Lex is forcing himself to stay at his desk and be immersed in how days on market have changed over the last four quarters. The doorway darkens and he looks up to find a barefoot Lo in a short red skirt leaning against the frame.
Lex tips forward, stares hard, then, slumps back in his chair and nods.
Concupiscent.
Lo arches her spine so that only the back of her head and her hips touch the frame.
Reminds you of?
Bacall. To Have and Have Not.
Lo slowly shakes her head.
Monroe in.
Again, a head shake. Los back arches more and she rocks her hips.
Not so innocent.
Mansfield?
Closer, but even hotter.
Elke?
Elke? Get real. Elke was an ice maiden.
Los spine is so curved Lex thinks her breasts might take off for the stars.
I give up.
Hey, fella, dont quit. One hint. A. L.
Lo draws up her left leg and rubs the ball of that foot against the calf of her right.
Ann, Alice, Amy.
Second clue. X.C.
Abbe Lane.
Bingo.
How the hell would you know about Abbe Lane?
History buff. Did you know Xavier Cugat was a terrific concert violinist?
Right. So, whats up?
Lets guess, Big Fella.
Lex tips forward and rolls his chair under the desks well.
Lo smiles at Lexs modesty.
Im thinking of adiosing this weekend, and I know everythings screwed up for you right now, but youre the only one I trust to cover for me.
Just phone time or everything?
Everything.
Much on your plate?
Mostly garnishes.
Sure. Maybe get my mind off my travails. Where you going?
New York.
Now? Why? Broker?
I dont really know. Its just something that seems right.
Lexs upside down smile is meant to convey his incomprehension.
Youre not a vulture.
Lo cocks her hip, Just with men. I thought Id wander around. Maybe just mid-town. Spend some money. Do my part. You know I spent six years there?
No. You never told me that, but I can see it. City slicker.
Right after college. Horrible apartment. No money. Crappy job. Glorious years.
Misspent youth.
Better than unspent.
Lo looks at her watch, and burbles an over-done version of a dumb blonds surprise, Eeeks, see ya, bigger fella, and thanks.
Well consider whats appropriate when you get back.
In your wettest dream, bucko.
Lex stares at the doorframe until Los heat shimmer fades. They have been in bed together two times. Both disastersfor Lex. Mis-meshed gears grinding away. Hers the harder metal. He, quickly toothless. She, unaffected. A day later, warm and friendly and understanding. He, carrying black regret for months. Then, stupidly, a second try. Worse regrets. But, undiminished hunger and the knowledge that a third time, if offered, even knowing it would be charmless, would be accepted in a fluttering heartbeat. Like with so many things, regrets high price would be, unwillingly but faithfully, paid.



Chapter Thirty-three

Near Misses


Franks wheelchair has been declared obsolete. He has been on crutches for two days and everything hurts. His armpits are bruised; his shoulders ache so much that he has had trouble rolling across his mattress toward Serena during her visit the previous night. In fact, he hurts so much that when he wakes, with bladder full and stomach empty, he remains inert.
Its not until he hears Serenas muffled laugh floating down the hall that he twists his body, slides his casts over the edge of the bed and carefully implants the crutches into his tender flesh.
While Frank wakes bearishly, Serena is more bird-like. Despite his desire to be both witty and charming, Frank mostly grunts and mutters in response to Serenas chattering until his second cup of coffee is finished. When Serena suggests, now that he is more mobile, that they go downtown to Thames Street to eat lunch quayside, within Frank, freedom and comfort battle.
Serena finds a parking place about a block from their destination. As she helps Frank from the car, she opines that fall in Newport is heaven. Clearer skies make bluer water. The crowds are gone. The waiters and waitresses are permanent staff rather than college students schlepping food while they look for love.
Hindered by his crutches, Frank and Serena walk as slowly as springtime lovers. Although Frank, the long-time New Yorker, grows frustrated at his pace, Serena is content with their desultory progress toward the Gulls Roost.
Ignoring a cool breeze coming off the bay, the couple have lunch on the dock under a cerulean sky and a Cinzano umbrella. The lobster roll Frank orders has big chunks of lobster, a little freshly made mayonnaise, and no celery. Serenas bourride has strands of saffron floating on the broth. The fume blanc works with both.
The early October sun is warm enough that Franks casts warm. His neck muscles relax. He listens to himself free a long sigh.
Serena pats Franks knuckles, This is nice.
Better than no-fat fillet and zucchini surprise.
Even better than chicory coffee and meatless stew?
Those are old memories.
Recently awakenedalong with many others.
Paper drives?
Dances.
Rationing?
Romance.
Killing?
Feeling intensely alive.
Frank agrees, There was that.
Remember Liberty Girls?
Frank smiles at a phrase, long unheard, used to describe girls who slept with soldiers on leave or ready to embark.
Serena coyly asks, Did you ever know any?
Not really.
Maybe one?
Am I using a strict or loose definition?
Loose.
Then, maybe, one, but, it may not count because I was in mufti.
Serena holds Franks wrist and smiles wistfully before saying, Peleg, too.
Frank wonders how hearing about something that happened in 1943 could have such long tentacles. He slowly frees his wrist.
I didnt know.
He was a gentleman.
And a warrior.
I felt kind of sorry for him.
And the same for me?
No, God no, I just really liked you.
Serena recaptures Franks wrist.
But, you disappeared.
Serena looks out to the bay to study the gulls flying escort to a returning fishing boat.
In seclusion.
That revelation makes Frank pull back his hand again. Serena slightly shakes her head.
Not yours. Pelegs.
Did he know?
I didnt think hed want to.
But, still, a gentleman.
I thought so.
And Lex is.Pelegs?
Yes.
Does he know?
The circumstances, yes. The specifics, no.
Both Serena and Frank are relieved when the waiter comes to see if they want more coffee. Before Serena can say anything, Franks asks for the check. As he struggles trying to reach his wallet, Serena opens her purse and puts a fifty-dollar bill on the offertory tray.
As they make their way back toward Thames Street, Serena stops in front of a store having a sale on white and navy blue cotton ware. Frank keeps trudging along with the wine hes drunk doing funny things to the tips of his crutches. When he stops to rest, he twists his head around, but Serena is nowhere to be seen. He considers going back, but, instead, takes a crutch from under an arm and leans against the window frame of a gift shop. Hes angry at Serenas disappearanceit reminds him too much of how she made him feel so many years agobut, she has the car keys.
To kill the time, Frank looks in the shop window, reads the notice of an open house for the crafts people whose work is displayed, studies an Aran Island sweater, the obligatory Peruvian serape, Southwest silver and turquoise rings and bracelets, Hmong fabric art, braided bracelets, a half-dozen pieces of raku pottery and some pieces of blown glass, which look like they were made during a bad acid trip. When he hears Serenas steps, Frank concentrates even harder on the windows contents.
Serena touches Franks arm as she catches up, Sorry, there was something to see. Serena turns her attention from Frank to the store window.
Anything fun here?
When Frank shrugs dismissively, Serena side-steps him for a better view.
Oh, look, raku. I adore raku. The idea you make something beautiful by destroying it.
In a controlled way.
Too bad it usually leaks. Oh, did you see the friendship bracelets?
Is that what theyre called? Ive seen a lot of kids wear them.
Kids braid them for each other. It seems a little strange to buy onebut these are nice with the little doodads. And the name. Serena hesitates after what has just happened at lunch Pelegian Knots.
Its spelled wrong. Pelagius, pela , was an English monk who promulgated a heresy that there was no Original Sin. People are born good and can be saved by their acts without the benefit of grace.
Serenas laugh bounds along the storefronts and out to sea.
How do you know that?
Most writers make their living from knowing useless things.
Is that where Peleg comes from?
Im not sure. I think Pelegs old New England. Could have been brought over by some free-thinking heretic.
Back in high school, I thought someone had mis-spelled Pegleg.
No one was less handicapped.
Except, maybe, by his courage.
Serena looks back into the window.
Should I get one forwhom?
Ill wait if you want.
No, no, thats alright.
When they get back to Shady Lea, Serena asks Frank if he would like coffee in The Commons, but he feigns a headache and retreats to his room. Once there, he thinks of how things would have been different if he had known back then that Serena was pregnant when he had sex with her.
If I had known she was going to get pregnant, I never would have screwed her.
Frank ponders that old line, stolen from Billy Steil, his sophomore roommate at Brown, cleaned up and given to William Leits in One Bright Cloud. He had always loved that line both for its humor and its tragic implications. I wouldnt have. Frank is angry and confused. He wouldnt have what.? He doesnt know. He cant complete his thought, but, suddenly, another thought comes to him, one that, at least on the surface, is less confusing.
In the days before he died, Peleg could remember that he had slept with Legs. It even could have been his last thought. Frank finds an unexpected comfort in that.
Although it is hard slogging, very hard slogging, Frank writes four hundred fifty-three words that afternoon, foregoes dinner, and writes another sixty-seven before he falls into exhausted sleep. His sleep is long and, surprisingly, restful.

* * *

Frank is the first one in the dining room for breakfast. After gorging himself on bacon, he retires to his room and gets on enough of a roll that he skips lunch. Its after three and Frank has been tapping his temple with his pen for most of an hour when Serena announces herself with a soft knock. He thanks her for lunch. She says that she liked getting away. She wonders if Frank would consider a dinner with her, and, if it works out, with Lex. Despite his dislocation from learning that Serena slept with Peleg, Frank, too, has been energized by getting out.
Yes, but only if its my treat.
Check goes to the quick draw artist.
Then the handicapped should get a handicap.
Five second head start.
Done.
They shake. Serena wishes him good luck with his writing. She leaves and Frank goes back to tapping his head.

* * *

It has been three days since Frank and Serena have had their bayside lunch. It has been over a day since anything has drizzled out from Franks pen. Its after eleven at night; hes had three glasses of wine; under the cast on his left leg it seems a nest of earwigs is swarming. The bedside lamp is producing only shadows and he is feeling very old and very empty.
Serena answers her phone on the second ring. She is awake, but would rather he come to her rooms. She knows he hates the crutches, but she is in her nightgown.
As Frank makes his halting way down the aqueous lighted corridors, he flits through cine-memories of Ben Hur Heston watching Jesus labor up the hill. Serena is holding the door open for him. Frank starts for the Braunswig & Fils covered sofa, but his hostess puts her hand on his spine and nudges him toward her bedroom. When Frank gets close, he turns so that the backs of his cast-encased thighs rest against the mattress edge. Serena takes, first, one crutch and then the other, leans each against the footboard, then holds Frank tight for a long moment before holding his hands as he lowers himself onto the bed. As he starts his descent, Frank emits a rough sigh, which turns into a choked something, which mutates into a mumbled, Shit.
Are you okay?
Frank tries opening his eyes wide to forestall what wants to happen.
Jesus.
Serena wrestles Franks casts onto the mattress before she sits on the edge of the bed, rubs his shoulders and, then, his bristly cheeks. Franks throat makes a noise like a trolling motor as he strains to carry fifty years of regrets.
He was my best friend. We knew each other since we were five or six, but it wasnt until later that we became best friends. But, those years, maybe six out of seventy-five seem like the most important. I cant remember that much from my marriage. I probably couldnt separate Bennetts baby pictures from a strangers. There are lots of characters, major ones, whose names Ive forgotten. Even you, Frank makes a different noise, one that could be laughter, my beacon. Id forgotten your middle name was Serena.
First name. Serena Allegra Lyle. Glad not to be nicknamed Sal. But, Frank, how many true friends, soul mates, do we have in a lifetime? One, two, three? Theyre surely rarer than good teachers and good teachers are like eye teeth.
I never really figured out what to do after the fight. We didnt talk about it and, within two months, he was gone.
Serena continues to smooth Franks cheeks.
What did you fight about?
The anger jerks Franks head off the pillow
You. We fought about you.
Serena widens her eyes and shakes her head.
I dont remember. Why? When?
Frank stifles the urge to start flailing until someone screams.
At the dance. Chalmy, Peleg and I were in the Guild parking lot. We were drinking. I saw you kissing Peleg. You went back inside and a thousand ships were launched. Chalmy broke a finger and something else in his hand. Peleg and I kept smashing each other until Edgars came running out and broke it up. Two months later Peleg was gone.
Serena nods while Frank talks, but he can tell its a movement connoting affirmation, not remembrance.
Something happens because of you. Peleg gets killed and you dont even remember.
Serena segues from patting Franks cheeks to poking his chest with a rigid finger.
If a fight with you was enough to make him leave, then why wasnt sleeping with me enough to make him stay?
Hed already enlisted.
Serena considers that.
Maybe, but I dont think so. I think he slept with me, thought maybe that would have consequences and decided it would be better to be far away.
Peleg wouldnt run away. He wasnt a coward.
Around men.
He was courageous, honorable
Serena interrupts, Dont canonize him, Frank.
Frank starts to get himself off Serenas bed.
I think youre trying to mythologize someone who was very human. He slept with someone his best friend liked. He broke into Willis office with you. He ran away from me. He was less than perfect.
He was courageous.
If I remember correctly, so was Achillles. And, maybe, Peleg was courageousor what may be more important herehe was more courageous than you were at the time. But, how important is that? Think of all that youve accomplished.
Frank rubs his eyes before he speaks.
A broken marriage, a disaffected son. A half-dozen crappy books. A bad guest at a lot of good parties. Quite a record.
Serenas face flushes as she slides down next to Frank.
Youre quite the whiny little boy tonight. Can I ask you what you expected of yourself? When you were eighteen, thirty, fifty-five? Are you going to measure your lifetime against Pelegs youth? If he had lived, what do you think he would be doing now?
Ive tried to figure that out a thousand times. And I dont know. Child is father to the man, but I dont think I ever really knew the child, so the man remains a cipher.
From where her mouth is tight against Franks neck, Serenas muffled voice says, I hope you dont see him jumping out of airplanes or running the bulls at Pamplona at seventy-five? What is courage at our age?
Frank rubs his cheeks like he has cold cream on them. He wishes that he had stayed in his room. A fourth glass of wine would have made a lot more sense than what he has done. He keeps rubbing, staying silent, hoping that Serena will fill the turbulent void her question has left.
Finally, Serena repeats, At our age.
I dont know.
Im not sure I do either, but I will bet that it has something to do with seeing clearly.
Seeing clearly? Or, just willing to navigate in heavy fog?
I think.
Frank interrupts Serena with a blurted question, Can you comfort me?
Serena turns sideways so that she can see Frank. She rubs her hand across his scalp before she begins to massage his forehead.
A tall order.
Despite Serenas soft touch, slow minty breathing, radiant warmth, life guards grasp and virgins kisses, it takes Frank a long time before he feels anything other than old, empty, and three quarters panicked.
Finally, Serena sleeps, time advances, and Franks regrets grow lighter.

* * *

Serena and Frank sit on one side of the worn red leather banquette. Lex sits on the other side. The waiter has brought a Scotch for Frank and bourbon and water for Serena. Lex is drinking water for the time being. A basket of rough cut pieces of ciabatta and focaccia and a small bowl of herbed oil to dip the bread occupy the center of the table. Lexs fingers drum close to the bread, but he doesnt eat. Frank darts glances at Lex trying to see the Peleg in him.
To relieve the tension between the two men, Serena begins twittering; however after a couple of minutes with no discernible lightening of the mood, Serena asks Lex, Are you okay?
Im fine. I apologize. Im distracted. One of my clients died.
Frank screws his face into concern. If he didnt feel that he owed Serena for her recent ministrations, he would not have agreed to this gathering.
Will that queer a deal for you?
No, the economics move dismally forward.
Serena asks, He was a friend?
A good man.
Frank says, A short, rare eulogy.
Lex guesses his mothers next question.
He was eighty-two.
Lex reaches into his pocket, withdraws a copy he has made of Mike Krants obituary and puts it between Frank and Serena.
After a moment, Frank looks up, Hamilton, Iwo Jima, Harvard, thats a helluva education. I wish I could have met him. Your mother and I had a mutual friend who was killed on Iwo Jima. Ive been trying to write about him for a long time. Each year it gets harder to find men that were over there.
Frank looks back down at the obituary.
He was a marine.
Lex nods, Yes. Fifth Division, Third Battalion, Twenty-eighth Regiment. Went in on Iwo Jima on the first day. Green Beach.
Frank looks at Serena, That was Pelegs regiment. They might have known each other.
Frank takes a long pull of Scotch and ponders serendipity. Serena dips a piece of bread in the oil and offers it to her son.
Why didnt they have a service?
I dont really know. Im guessing that he wanted it that way. He was a private man.
But, Lex, if he was so private, how did you become friends with him?
He drew me to the door. Im not sure he opened it. Was Peleg a good friend?
After Lex asks that flanking question, Serena and Frank look at each other. Frank demurs. Serenas fingers rub the rim of her glass until a high-pitched hum begins.
We were in high school together. Frank and Peleg were good friends. They were going to enlist together after graduation, but, then, Peleg changed his mind and went early. 
When Serena stops, as if she is unsure what to say next, Frank interjects, He was hungry for glory.
Lex takes a moment to process Franks summation before he says, in a near whisper, That can get you killed.
Your mother says you were in Vietnam.
Just a year.
When the entrees arrive, everyone eats quickly and quietly. What little conversation there is focuses on the upcoming World Series. The invasion of Afghanistan, the vagaries of real estate and writing, the shadows of the past and wounds of the heart are left off the agenda. Lex creates an unfinished market analysis, which he needs to complete for a non-existent morning appointment, so that he decline dessert and after-dinner drinks.
As Lex swivels his legs to escape the banquette, Serena stops him with a hand on his wrist. Holding onto Lex with one blue-veined hand, she fumbles in her purse for a moment with the other before pulling out one and, then, a second small wrapped box. As she slides a box across the table to Lex she says, In gratitude for having two gentle men in my life.
Frank picks up his gift then tips it toward Lex to indicate that Lex go first. Lex works hard to play the part assigned him. He smiles at his mother as his fingers repeatedly define the edges of the box. Finally, he removes ribbon, paper and lid. Resting on a square of cotton is a red, black and gray braided bracelet hung with a primitively carved cat.
Lex looks to Serena and flicks the amulet, Thanks. I hope this doesnt make Joanie jealous.
Franks fingers go to work.
From that store, he asks as he pulls out a red, green and silver bracelet with two interlocking wooden circles.
Serena pushes back the cuff on her black cashmere sweater to show a purple, red and black bracelet with a small figure that might be a Buddha.
I went back today. I like them and I like the idea of lives intertwined.
As Lex works the lobster claw clasp he refrains from blurting, As is enmity.
Serena helps Frank. When the bracelet finally is secured, she extends her wrist over the table.
To enduring connections.
With the same stutter-step hesitation two men show when they are unsure whether a handshake or hug is called for, Lex puts his wrist under his mothers and Franks goes on top. After a moment a moment of embarassed silence, Lex says, United we standor, sit.
Frank intones, Divided wefail.
Serena takes her free hand first to pat Lex and, then, Franks hand. Lex collects the box and wrappings, rises, leans forward to Serena and gives her a slight kiss on her cheek.
Thanks, Mother.
As he traverses the bridges, with their rosaries of lights high in the sky, Lex thinks about his mothers dead friend and, he guesses, his father. He remembers Krants story about the marine who was declared dead, then later, found alive. He has a memory of Mike mentioning his name and is pretty sure that name was Peleg. From a spiritual angle Lex likes the idea that Mike might have commanded his father. But, the idea that a man would survive the tortures Mike described and be rescued, only to die later, does more than just temper hope. Lex stops at The Last Shot before making his way home.
Joanie is hungry. She nips at Lexs naked ankles as he fights with the can opener. After the cat has eaten, each forgive the other for their transgressions. They sit under moonlight on the deck, no more than half alert to the rustlings. Joanie ignores Lexs new charm to knead his sweater. Lex scratches Joanies rump. He wonders what attraction Frank has for Serena other than history. To Lex, he seems little more than a blowhard. Combative. Self-absorbed. Something like Johnny Magic. Something likehe guesses himself.
Lex tells himself to take a look at the library for Franks books. He wants to know if a shallow person can write a deep book, or anything else, for that matter.
Lexs eyes are closed and a calm is radiating out from the spot on his chest where Joanie sleeps when the wind begins to dance. Jittery branches strobe in the silver light. Leaves spin down eager to join the eddies of their brethren. The salt marsh grasses at the back of Lexs lot dirty dance with one another. High in the oak, a fearless acorn, with dreams of mighty oaks, lets go, then a second, third and fourthlike lemmings off a cliff. The gavotting breeze lifts Lexs hair and cools his scalp.
From behind the Donohues massive hornbeam, a young woman, shivering in the freshening breeze, watches her grandfather and tells herself that she will leaveor go over to him in just a few more minutes.



Chapter Thirty-four

Getting His Kicks


Lex wakes to the ache of a wooden cat gouging his cheek and the need for succor. He decides to make a pilgrimage.
Although the fog obscures what Lex can see, it gives a magnified clarity to what he can hear. Soughing wind. Two chickadees arguing. Tires on tarmac.
Coils of the gravel road winding its serpentine way through the graveyard disappear, then reappear, as the breeze plays with the mist. The sound of shifting stones beneath his feet reminds him of the tides effect on the rocky shore at Rome Point.
From what Mike has told him, Lex expects to find Evie Krants grave near the back of the cemetery, where a grassy hill slopes down to cattails and marsh grass. As Lex moves past a granite mausoleum, which reminds him of a pump station, he hears a rustling and then a clicking. Before he can identify what he is hearing, those sounds get blown away. Moments later, a noise like steam bubbling up through a pot of oatmeal descends from somewhere up a rising slope of headstones.
Instantly, Vietnam comes back. Lex hunches down as he quickly scuttles off the path. The burbling mixes with the slightest rustle and an intermittent whistle, the confluence of which raises the hairs on the back of his neck. After Lex slips behind a gravestone, he drops to one knee. The sounds shift back and forth as the wind blows the fog around. Lex creeps from weathered to worn marker. As he nears the top of the knoll, the sound stops. Lex strains his ears, but can hear nothing but the faintest rustling. His brain tells Lex that it could be dry grasses, but his nerves tell him otherwise. He crouches down behind a indecipherable stone to ponder what in a cemetery just outside a perfect New England village could so frighten him. Why are his adrenals responding to an ambush from thirty years before rather than the banal events of yesterday or the day before? He moves his head to loosen the tension before concentrating on slowing and deepening his breathing.
The breathing worksuntil the burbling starts up again. Now, its closer. Lex crouches lower. The burbling grows louder and, now, again, he can hear the rustling and clicking.
Something like a slender black club skips forward from the fog. Two more clubs appear bobbing in the mist. Then, a half-dozen. The clubs are attached to dark pillows and the pillows to a set of legs.
Lex laughs in relief at the flock of wild turkeys emerging from the fog with their claws clicking on the crushed stone. Lex stands, but immediately drops back down when he hears the gravel grind and grind again as footsteps move down the path. The turkey cluster tightens before it moves away from the sound in a phalanx of angry feathers.
The steps continue toward Lex and emanating from the fog in a high honeyed voice Lex hears, Double, double, toil and trouble.
Five seconds later, the girl from the grocery, the girl from the library, the leaver of notes on his windshield, emerges from the fog. She stops five feet short of Lex.
Have you seen a fenny snake I could boil and bake?
Lex stares at eyes stronger than his own.
Lex asks, Who are you?
The girl points a finger at Lex
Mr. Tallion, just who are you? A realtor, I know. A history major who likes to read. And work with first time homebuyers. Who lives in a little yellow and green bungalow and drives a 97 Caprice. And sleeps with a cat. And drinks too much. But, I wonder just who else you are.
Are you the young man who went to Vietnam? Who romanced a seventeen year old peasant named Hai. Who left her pregnant. Who never came back for his daughter. Who never even knew her name. Who has met his granddaughter and doesnt see himelf in her.
Who am I Mr. Tallion? Im Mai, daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Pradhuman, granddaughter of Hai Thi Nguyen and Alex Tallion. Temporary Cambridgean. But, Ill ask again. Who are you?
Fighting panic, Lex looks around the shrouded cemetery.
Lost. Im lost. Obviously lost.
Mai cocks out a hip and throws her wrist in a half-arc.
Lost like misplaced? Or, lost like off the pathor lost like perdu?
Probably all. And confused.
Lex motions up the hill.
Could you walk this way? Please?
Are you sure this is the way? The turkeys seem to be going thataway.
Lex stops to consider that before starting up the hill.
Im having trouble posing my first question.
Well, in my environment, a normal early one is, Whats your major, Colonel? How bout with you?
Are you working with another realtor?
Nope, youve got my undivided attention. Now, if history is your major, whats your minor?
Well, apparently, youre one of my minors, or grandminors.
Using the possessive could make me angry.
Lex stops.
This the place?
Lex looks down at Evie Krants marker.
It will be. My friend, Mike, doesnt seem to be in residence quite yet.
Well, I understand these things take time. Taj Mahal took eighteen years. Is this why youre drinking?
Lex laughs at Mais thrust.
No, I dont need Mike for that.
Whats the cats name?
Joanie.
Of Arc? Or, G.I. Joanie?
Just Joanie. Did you leave me some food?
Mai shrugs, Just a small remercie for your efforts in Asia.
Lex squats down and begins to brush grass cuttings from around Evies.marker.
Did you come into my house?
The bedroom is the window on a bachelor mans soul. Was that Coleridge or Etheridge?
My understanding is that Etheridge wouldnt be interested in a mans bedroom.
Dawg, you walkin the edge.
Am I in danger?
From me?
Yes.
No, of course not. Mercy rules.
Mai kicks Lex in the shoulder so hard that he falls forward on his hands and knees. The palm of his left hand catches the edge of Evies stone and splits open at the bottom of his thumb.
Shit.
Lex rolls the injured hand into a fist and uses it to help push himself off the ground. When he turns to ward off a second blow, Mai is gone.
Lex spends some time dripping blood onto the grass and talking to Mike. When the fog lifts, Lex walks back to his car, grabs the jar of peanuts he keeps between the seats and goes looking for the turkeys.



Chapter Thirty-five

Spirited Times


Since leaving the cemetery, Lex has been drinkingboth in The Last Shot and in his car. Hes left the mainland and is sitting on the rocks at the end of Jamestown, but there is little to see as the fog remains heavy. The foghorns cow like moan ripples the surface of the Chartreuse hes drinking from a not-quite-new foam cup. Although hes tried to come at it from a number of angles, he cant quite get hold of the fact that he has a daughter and a granddaughter. He wishes that he didnt know and wishes that he knew more. Rollers of guilt intermit with something that he tells himself might be an amalgam of hope and joy. He pushes feelings aside to try to create a story that makes sense of how the granddaughter of a Viet Cong peasant soldier could herself have a granddaughter, who, if he has interpreted correctly, goes to either Harvard or MIT.
Lex actually says aloud, My granddaughter, Mai, goes to Harvard, then feels an overwhelming shame.
He cant decide what is worsethe specters of Magook and Courage risen or these new stirrings, seismic in scope, of the forty lost years of Hai. Half-drunk, he tells himself that if forty years wandering in the desert is of biblical proportion, then surely Hais forty years of wandering from a jungle must be mythic, too. But, almost instantly, the thought comes that he himself has spent those last decades wandering outward and inward from the same jungle. A sudden pain, as sharp and crippling as an Achilles tendon letting go, pierces deep into that part of his drunken skull that tenderly holds his heart. Lex realizes that he has assumed Mai will re-appear. Suddenly, it has hit him that the kick she has given him may be her goodbye. You hurt us and disappeared. I hurt you and do the same.
Whatever feeling he is having, Lex knows that he cant endure it alone and drunk. He looks across the bay at Newports prissy white colonial-era sprawl and considers his mother. And then Pol. And Lo. And, finally, Joanie.
Gravel spins from his tires as he makes his escape.
The first thing he notices as he comes through the door is that Mikes house is beginning to smell abandoned. Hot and close. Dust too often baked in hermetic heat. The bleach and urine of unflushed toilets. The faintest tingle of pepper in the kitchen. The steamer chest stink of un-aired sheets.
Lex sits on the couch in the very same spot where he first talked to Mike about listing his house five weeks before. After a couple of minutes, he gets up and takes a gilt-framed picture of Mike and Evie standing in a meadow in khaki shorts and polo shirts. Mikes is blue and Evies white. Both are tanned. And smiling.
Lex sits back down on the couch and stares at the photo resting in his lap.
Mike, you sit here. Evie, here. Magook and DIrtangnan, Grandmother C, please, take those chairs. Mister Moscow and Nyet Viet, there are a couple of stools in the kitchen. If you wouldnt mind bringing them in. Everybody comfortable? Good. Im not.
You all know how time can go sticky. Some, maybe most, time is like teflon. You scoot by and keep going. No friction. No loss of speed. Like time before Einstein. Frying eggs, brushing teeth, reading the sports page, doing a crossword. Thats all slick time. Then theres the kind of time thats a little tacky, like an old banister. The wrong birthday card, a small resentment, a truth not quite told. Slows things down just enough that you notice. And, maybe, take notice that if youre not careful your life forward could be lived at the wrong speed. Then, theres sticky time, mucilaginous time. Long sticky time threads. You can pull hard, keep moving and get some-way past what youve done, but not quite free. I see you nodding, Magook. You know exactly what I mean. With sticky time, we stay connected. With sticky time, old time gets mudfuddled up with new time. And new time gets so encumbered, so slowed down, that is has a good chance of becoming sticky time, too. And, if youre not careful, finally all there is is sticky time. Sissyphean time. Grandmother, Ive been dragging you and Magook and Barney Googled for almost forty years. Ive had those nights and days, moments and months, where it seemed to make sense just to stop time and join you. But, mostly, Ive just kept plodding. Call it fear. Call it faith. Until this morning. This thing with Mai. I need some slack. I hate to ask. I owe you. Always will. I took your lives. Youve got every right to hound me to keep your lights burning bright or darken my own. And, you know, Ive spent some energy recently working on the latter. But, now, Im not sure what to do. I want to do something with Mai. I was thinking Mike here could maybe mediate something. Something fair for you, but something that would make my time not so sticky.
Dont know if youve noticed, but Ive been keeping myself on a short leash. Unlocked. Unloaded. Nose clean. Helping widows across the street. Recycling glass and cans. Rescued a cat. Checks to Heifer and Habitat, Oxfam and Save the Children. Swab the toilet. Scrub the sink. Laugh a minute for the Realtor troops. Know that doesnt open the gates of heaven or close the doors to hell. But, Im wondering if it might get me a little slack. For Mai. Just for Mai. Whatever that might be. Push back D-day a month, two, or more. Wouldnt free me of my debtyoud still get my soulbut it would put off the harvest a little bit.
Courage, I see you frowning and can guess what youre thinking. Justice delayed is justice denied and its already been so many years. And its not just you, and what I did to your granddaughter, but also your great-granddaughter. And now Mai shows up, and you think why give me another chance to screw things up. Ive already ripped a hole in four generations, why would a fifth be any different? I cant answer that. I probably have a great chance for screwing this up. But, butIll leave. You vote. Maybe let me know tonight. Thanks for the keys, Mike, and thanks for the couch.
Lex sits on the deck with Joanie in his arms and waits. Hes not drinking because hes afraid that if he does, he might miss something. He stays quiet under the moonlight until he cant stop shivering. Inside, he fixes Joanie a snack, brushes his teeth and makes up a bed on the living room couch. Mercy weighs on his mind. Joanie weighs on his chest. Hes sure he wont sleep, yet wakes sobbing. He cant recall the specific members of the delegation, but hes absolutely sure of their resolution. He is to leave Mai alone. He is to continue on his path of providing justice to those he has harmed. Mercy and hope are meant for those with smaller sins.
Lex cant get his breathing into any kind of rhythm. Deep breaths make him choke. Shallow breaths make him feel that he is suffocating. Even Joanies paws pressing upon his chest fail to smooth his resuscitations. Lex keeps sobbing even when Joanie moves up to nuzzle his chin.
Lex finds his shoes, takes a bottle and escapes to his car.
The chairs at Mikes are much the same as when he left. He guesses the meeting did not go on for long after he said goodbye. He wonders if Mike put up much of a fight for him. He puts the kitchen stools back where they belong and straightens up the living room. The lights are already off and he is out on the deck staring at moon-splashed waves when he hears the crunch of tires and knows it is a patrol car.
Within ten minutes Lex and the policeman are on their separate ways. When Lex gets back to the highway, he doesnt know which way to turn. Or where to go. He doesnt think he can make another decision. He wishes that he could just pull over to the side of the road, turn off the key and stay put. But, his wishing stops when he realizes that hes wishing for sticky time.
He turns left, and within ten minutes hes headed north on Rt. 95 toward Cambridge.



Chapter Thirty-six

Pelegacy


After his first days at Shady Lea, it seemed to Frank that, every time he was on a roll with Fixed Wing Flying, someone would decide that it was time for rehab. When, at first, he complained that manipulating two broken legs seemed of little purpose, he was told that he needed to keep his hips flexible and the blood in his feet circulating. Later, as he continued to carp, there was talk of atrophication and embolisms. Now, his wheel chair is gone and there is talk of one crutch being taken from him. Of course, Frank feels good about his progress. Brags to Burnett how he is ahead of schedule. Tells Alma how eagerly he is looking forward to getting paroled. But, he is not sure what that might mean with Serena.
He finds that he is thinking more about heras she was, as she isthan he is about Peleg. After he spends a lunch with her or a night in one of their rooms, he uses what he has gleaned to flesh out and back-fill her life. Most of that reifying takes place in bed in the dark as he digs at this or that itch. But, on several occasions, while, ostensibly, writing of Peleg, he jots down something about Serena. At eighteen with estranged parents and a one-year old, at thirty-five planting bachelor buttons on the back yard of a house overlooking the Housatonic River. Three years before, widowed, confused, under- or over-medicated.
One night, as he traces a varicose vein that wanders from the top of her thigh almost all the way to her knee, he peppers her with questions. When did she first notice this vein? What did she think about it? Did it hurt? Does it hurt? What did her husband say? Did she talk to friends about it? Does she think there is a mismatch, a tragic mismatch, between the age of her body and that of her mind? Can she reconcile that? And, finally, does she fear dying?
Frank asks Serena if she has photo albums he might see. He studies yellowed prints of baby Lex, with his round head and surprised eyes, looking like the universal baby. A striped-shirted Lex with a scooter and a scabby knee. Lex in a Cub Scout uniform squinting. Another in a plaid shirt and corduroys. But, then, Lex in a tie and ill-fitting jacket with some, even a lot, of Peleg showing through. Frank takes his time before moving past that suspended moment. Then, a boy/young man, in Beatles mop looking to escape the camera. And, finally, a Lex/Peleg in uniform.
Frank goes back to the front of the album to study carefully the changes in Serena. By her mid-thirties, he guesses that he might have passed her by without recognition. Her hair, nose, cheeks, mouth, and forehead grow, shrink, droop, swell and otherwise metamorphose. Frank holds a finger between two pages to wonder whether what is inside Serena has changed with the rapidity of her outsides. To him, it seems unlikely, but he cant decide whether he is an acute observer or just a lonely old man.
Despite the fact that Serenas flesh is nearly twenty years older than any other womans that he has been with, despite Serena having gold amalgam and ceramic where once she had enamel, despite various mazes of wrinkles alongside eyes, defining cheeks, furrowing forehead, neck and knees, despite a smell around her neck and ears that is too much the mint and lavender of an old purse than the scent of a lover, despite the tectonic shift and crush having sex with a septuagenarian does to Franks ego, despite Franks remonstrance to self that he is a on a medicated folly, Frank wants more.
He drinks coffee in the early mornings and wine late at night and stage designsthe octogenarian Raslings, decalcified bones gripping handrails down four Greenwich Village flights and toddling off to St. Vincents for pee and poop checks is interspersed with a scene of slow breathing and slower conversation about an Alan Furst they have just finished reading to one another. He?, or is it she? with twisted legs, too pink flesh, tears of anguish and shower water mixing as the other tries to turn the faucet off and get the fallen one back up. Rasling and Tallion, steeped in ice tea and age-old sin, pulling their wire-wheeled cart to another of Newports boutique markets to fuss over organic butter and Portobello mushrooms. Beer and popcorn, Bacall and Bogart, having and having not.
Frank considers having. A companion, a friend, some kind of lover. A buffer to Burnett. A reminder to take pills, eat right, drink less, forgive more. And, of course, often too good a reminder, a reminder that grows to carping, harping. And to have not. No responsibility. Not even to self. To be free. Free to grow decrepit at ones own pace and style. To drink to oblivion. To be and stay angry. To indulge ones smallnesses. To hurry along to ones own personal and peculiar end.
Frank drinks his drinks and sifts through his confusions.



Chapter Thirty-seven

Mai Tied in Knots


ddwhats a shorty 2 doIve stirred le pot for sure but now should I ladle out my bowl or let it sit and simmerit really was like a scene from Macbethacross the foggy moor comes a witch 2 cast a spelland from the look on his face he seemed ensnaredwhat would it feel like 2 have 40 yrs of life or lives, parallel lives, revealed 2 u by something small emerging from the grayit would have been nice 2 c what he did after that dramatic scene, but turtle told me Id be dead if I got her car back any later than 12shes going to new haven2 c jimmy prescottwhich makes me wonder y she chose here instead of there when she spends most of her time therebut, dd, if she had gone to eli u, shed probably b up here seeing wally simmonsbut if I could have floated unseen in a mist what would I have seen?drinking, surely, lots of drinking and more petting of the catwhose name he says is joaniepetting, like an old monk with his well-worn beadsbut what elseanger at having his life turned topsy-turvy, fear that ill get my needy claws in, milk him for the past and not let goor, worse, a creepy fear that hell open a closet and find me w/fire-eyes, hatchet in hand, ready for some frontier justiceor lonely, lost, fidgeting w/what-ifs and whys and what might have beens, pondering, wondering, pondering, mindless fingers picking at his chinor, and most likely, a shrug at serendipity and back 2 the office to lift the phone 2 make a call or 2, get on the horn and make some music happen, and, dd, what would i want to happen?break his heart, chill it, warm it, tear it from his chestclueless in Cambridge, getting as good as Ive given, maybe even more, of turmoil and confusionso much so i almost called mamasanlet her make the calldo u want 2 remain a fatherless child, or do u believe that god blesses the child whats got his ownmaybe best is to let resthands off the phone, hands off the wheelwhich really isnt a choice since the wheel is eli-bound for at least the weekendif he can keep working, maybe I should do the same.
dd-the working cure isnt working6 hrs in the lib and nadas my rewardi cant stop fussing w/himi want 2 know whats going onI can c im a much better spy and sneak than studenthiding in shadows, sneaking through shrubs, the soft-sneakered step upon the porch gets my mind moving a lot faster than parsing disraelis contribution to the brittle-ish empirewhat is he doingi want to knowshould i e-mailshould i call?what?, what?, what?, dd 



Chapter Thirty-eight

Search and Destroyed


Lex wanders Cambridge for most of the day. He parks illegally off Longfellow Park and hopes he wont be towed. He crisscrosses Harvard Yard, ducks into coffee shops, reconnoiters bookstores, and then heads down Massachusetts Avenue to MIT. Has a hunch, gets excited, looks in two oriental markets, but with no luck. Keeps walkingthrough Killian Court, in and out of a couple of the Maclaurin buildings and zigzags the narrow back streets with trash-filled curbs between Washington and Suffolk until he gets back to Harvard. Across the Yard once again, filled with pierced and painted geniuses, then into a packy for some medicine for the ride home.
Hes not drunk, but hes far from sober when, with a snap decision, he passes by his exit and continues across the bridges to Newport.
Serena and Frank are watching something black and white. She pats Lexs arm and tells Frank to keep watching. Her efforts to steer Lex toward the Commons fail, so she returns to her room for a sweater before walking with him to his car.
Lex starts in on Frank. Why is she with him? What does she see? When does he leave? Switches off to her. When will she learn? Why does she stay? What keeps her afraid? What keeps her going? What makes her stop? And, then, to the world and the world beyond. Mindless terrorism. Afghanistan. Mike Krants. And, for just a moment and quite generically, the jungle of his youth.
Having not got out what he came to say, Lex apologizes as he always does and walks her to the door.
Back home, he keeps drinkingon the deck, in the kitchen, in bed, back on the deck and, finally, as a blood-red sun rises, on the quay where Mike Krants made his leap.
Pol doesnt say a word when Lex botches coming through the door. She takes him by the hand, feeds him coffee and fixes more coffee and a bagel for laterif his stomach can handle it.
Its not yet seven oclock on a late October morning when Lex fumbles his key in the offices back door lock. He twists the key, then turns the knob and finds the door still locked. He twists and tries again, then stumbles through the door. The bagel drops; the coffee spills. Lex kneels, and then slumps against the wall. The floor trembles like a subway train runs beneath it. Lex drops his head in his hands and swears.
Broker growls from the doorway, Early bird pukes the wormat least, if its drinking tequila. Let me congratulate you on your dedication to my causebefore I assist you to yourno, my car.
Broker thunders across the room and offers a hand, which, with its huge swollen fingers, reminds Lex of a cows udder, to help him up. Lex shakes his head, rolls onto his hands and knees in the center of the puddle of coffee, groans, Fuck me dead, and tries to rise. When Lex pauses, Broker assists by pulling on his collar.
Agent of the month.
Lex lurches toward the alcove that holds signs, refrigerator, paper supplies, mop and broom.
Forget it, Broker says as a paw twists Lex toward the door.
Broker clicks, lights flash and the doors on Brokers Cadillac unlock. Broker pins Lex against the car with one hand as the other opens the passenger door.
You know, Tallion, Im a loving, august merciful soulbut lets get one thing straightbefore you get into my forty thousand dollar ride-Puke now, or forever hold your peas. Got it?
Lex nods.
Nothings coming up? Absolutely no fucking surprises?
Lex shakes his head and Broker lowers him onto the black leather seats.
Home, hospital or half-way house?
From beneath his hands, which are holding his head, Lex mumbles, Krants?
Whats that? The old man? On Buena Vista?
Lex nods, Hes dead.
Broker puts the car in gear, Doesnt surprise me. People keep doing that. Almost seems inevitable. Its the living thing that gets iffy. Is this your way of grieving? Kind of the liquid equivalent of throwing yourself on his pyre?
Lex removes his hands and leans his head back against the headrest, then thinks better of that when his esophagus begins yoyoing. He looks over to Broker.
How come youre back?
Remember Jesus, My work here is done? Obviously, it wasnt. Probably just had enough. Same thing.
When did you get home?
Bout an hour ago.
Just in time for me.
Wouldnt have in any other way, Tallion. Youre the dysfunctional family member I never had.
You make me feel warm and wanted.
Dont know about the wanted, but the warm better not be because youve pissed your pants.
Fog is blowing across the marsh as Broker turns off Boston Neck Road onto Waldron.
You want to talk about it or keep it buried?
Lex shrugs.
You fucking military are so decisive.
Broker pulls up to Krants cottage.
The bay itself is bright blue under a cloud free sky. Ethereal wisps of mist snake along the trunks of trees on Rome Point. Lex starts to make coffee, but when Broker relieves him of that duty, he sits in a webbed chair on the deck and watches a dozen shiny gray black bumps twist, climb, slide, dive and swim off the rocks north of Fox Island. Lex is brushing water from his eyes when Broker comes through the door holding two mugs. Broker hands one to Lex, looks at the other webbed chair, thinks better of it, then leans against the deck rail.
After Lex takes a sip, he makes a face that is built around a tortured smile, Call me Ishmael or call me Grandpa.
Broker does the latter and Lex begins to talk.
The sun is at its meridian when they get back in Brokers car and drive to Newport to do some shopping.



Chapter Thirty-nine

Recon and Reconciliation


A half-drunk Lex is prepared to break into St. Stephens as he has done before, but even though it is after ten oclock on a Monday night, there are cars in the parking lot and the back door is unlocked. Lex passes through the kitchen, where an AA coffeepot in ticking, past a room of older women fingering black books at a long table, and down a hall toward the church. However, as he passes the chapel, with its ruby glow coming from the back lighting of a stained glass scene of Golgotha, Lex ducks in there. He sits in a straight-backed chair at the back of the room and stares at the Crucifixion hanging on the far wall of the small close cedar-scented room.
The way Christ slumps in his shoulders reminds Lex of how Chris Crossed hung in his tree. Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. To Lex, it is that sentiment, rather than the Resurrection, that is the miracle of Easter. They know not. Lex falters over just what kind of knowledge Christ meant. He certainly knew when he lined the reticule on Courages nose what was going to happen. At least, he knew what the next moment would bring. Lex considers whether Christ meant his killers didnt know the context of their acts. But, Lex thinks, he knew. He knew Grandmother Courage, her granddaughter, Hai, her hovel, her food, and still he pulled the trigger and destroyed her head. In the other direction, the future, he definitely didnt know. Not a thing. If Christ meant that, that Pilate, the centurions, the crowd should be forgiven because they couldnt comprehend all of the ramifications of their acts, then to Lex that seems like less an act of mercy than a general amnesty. And, Lex has a hard time accepting that. He drops his head to stare at his knees and imagines himself jailed. After years in prison, a door is thrown open and he, along with everyone else, is told he can go free. Would guilt, or pride, keep him from walking through? Lex admits to himself that if he had been shown the future, could have seen what would come from a dozen finger pulls in a faraway land, that his finger and that trigger never would have touched.
Father, forgive them; they know not what they do.
Lex stares and thinks, but has a hard time making much sense of those words. But, he is doing what Broker told him to do. In their talk, Broker kept telling Lex to forgive himself. And Lex kept arguing that he didnt feel he could. And, at least a half-dozen times, Broker told him to fuck his feelings. That what he did was more important than what he felt, and that what he did yesterday was more important than what he did forty years ago. Feelings were chimera. Go to bed happy and wake up sad. What happened in the middle of sleep to change those feelings? Broker has said that acts are acts. Feelings are fog. Just mist to distort the acts.
Broker has smashed his hand on Mike Krants deck rail and yelled at Lex, Do you think I felt good in New York? I can assure you that I didnt, but I acted good. Depressed or sad, angry or just feeling ankle-deep shitty about myself or the ways of the world, I got up and took my swing.
Lexs head hurts. He wants his mind to go quiet. He wants to see Mai. He wants a drink. As is his habit, he touches fingertips to temple as he takes his leave of the suffering Jesus.
Lex is walking along the spatter-shadowed sidewalk more than two hundred feet from his house when his nerves go on full alert. He moves off the sidewalk, pushes through the privet and into the Donohues side yard. The back of his house is lighted, but he thinks he may have left the lights on in his hurry to go to St. Stephens. He stares at his windows looking for a shadows passing, but sees nothing. He moves thirty feet closer. His cheeks tingle and his throat dries as he smells lemon grass and garlic.
Although there have been plenty of times when Magook, the others, and, especially, Grandmother Courage, have announced their presence with the very same smells, Lex knows for a certainty that this time it isnt Courage, but, rather, her great-great granddaughter who has invaded his home. Before Lex sits down on the cobble wall that separates his demesne from the Donohues, he reaches into his pants pocket to reassure himself that the talisman is there.
Lex sits still, smells the pungent air, listens to the faintest protest of water breaking up in the reed.
Father, forgive them.
Grandfather.
A person in his house makes him a grandfather. Somewhere else, and just where he isnt sure he wants to know, there is another person in another house who makes him a father. A curse. A gift. He doesnt know. But, surely, the maker of a procrustean bed.
Lex sits still as stone.
Father.
Before he knows enough to stir, light trembles, the back door swings open and a small shadow behind the screen says in a soft voice that carries across the black back yard like wind-borne milkweed seeds, Its done.
Lex stands, tries to steady what feels shaky as he walks toward his home. Mai opens the door. As Lex comes up on the deck, Mai touches the tips of her fingertips together and makes the slightest bow.
I intrude.
No, thats fine. Im glad you came back.
Lex starts to reach across the space that separates them, but loses courage. Instead, he puts his hand in his pocket.
I have something for you.
Mai nods as she takes the small box. She nods again as she removes a brightly braided bracelet hung with a small wooden whistle.
She nods again and smiles quizzically.
Whistle while you work. Whenever you feel afraid, just hold your head erect and whistle You know how to whistle, dont you, Steve? Just put your lips together andblow. Whistlers granddaughter. Call for help? Signal of alarm? Which? Any? All?
Lex shrugs.
Mai nods and brings the whistle to her mouth. Lex himself nods as a high-pitched note, like a fledglings cry, sends Joanie bolting from the room.



Chapter Forty

Cast Off


Frank is intrigued with how horrible his right leg looks. Burnett has brought Frank to Newport Hospital to have one of his casts removed. After the cast has been cut away, Frank looks at flesh that reminds him of meaty things seen in gray plastic bins in Chinatown. The smell is worse. When Frank gags, Dr. Comstock chuckles, scrapes a small amount of dead cells from just below Franks knee and, not for the first time, says, The whey, w-h-e-y, of all flesh.
When Frank doesnt respond the orthopedist says irritably, As a writer, I thought you.
Yes. Samuel Butler. Good pun.
Not too cheesy?
Edam and weep. Any port salut in a storm. Muenster does not live on bread alone.
Defeated, the doctor goes back to his specialty.
Frank definitely feels more crippled with just one crutch. Ungainly, lurching, embarrassed, Frank comes through the door back into Dr. Comstocks waiting room wishing it was Serena, rather than his son, proffering a supporting arm. In a tone that Frank is sure holds ridicule or spite beneath its oily surface, Burnett brightly pronounces his father good as new.
Despite himself, Frank grabs Burnetts outstretched arm and in a too loud voice says, Fit as a fucking fiddle. Fucking Stradivarius.
An older couple in the corner stop talking and then turn away when Frank glares at them; however a sweet-faced grandmother by the door with bird bright eyes and Lucifer eyebrows, raises both of the latter and winks one of the former as Frank gallumphs by.
Frank does not want to be doing this tortured scuttling in front of Burnett. He knows it is vanity, but he doesnt care. A solicitous Burnett is more than he can bear. If he has to be staggering around, he wants Serena by his side, not his son.
Burnett has been so helpful by the time they get to his car that Frank considers refusing to get in.
Back at Shady Lea, Frank splits the grilled chicken caesar wrap and fatoosh Burnett has brought with him. When Burnett asks about Franks plans, Frank says hes leaving his options open. When Burnett asks about Franks writing, Frank says its going well, then begins returning fire with questions to Burnett about the wife, the job, the dogs, the house, the markets and the Patriots. Burnett leaves. After he makes a phone call, Frank lies in bed flexing his knee and picking at pieces of dead skin Dr. Comstock has missed. His knee hurts and his leg looks crooked.
When Serena comes to see how he is, Frank asks if she would like to eat dinner at the White Horse Tavern.
Are you up for it?
Im mobile.
Just mobile? Or mobile and happy?
Frank feels a frightening relief, like a paratrooper pushed from a plane, as he says, With you, more happy than mobile.
He swings his legs from the bed, pulls himself upright and extends his hand toward Serena. Serena brings her chest against his and nestles her head between his neck and shoulder. Pivoting on his newly freed leg, Frank does an abbreviated two-step as he whispers, Some enchanted evening, you will find a stranger across a crowded room.
He stops, but Serena continues, And re-find him across ten thousand days.
Frank closes his eyes and kisses Serena in a way that makes a tenuous bridge between long ago and now. The kiss stops when his knee buckles. Serena catches him before he falls.
Whoa, stranger.
Stranger and stranger.

Epilogue
The Lenzers did close on Mike Krants house; however the closing was delayed for almost two weeks and the Lenzers received a credit of sixteen hundred dollars because Mikes daughter, Beth, did not get the house emptied in time.
The Jeasons purchase closed without a hitch, although Handsome Johnny insisted on being present. Wiley couldnt decide whether to be sycophantic or funny at the closing so he ended up doing a half-assed job of both.
Demand for symbols of friendship remained strong in the weeks and, surprisingly, months after the destruction of September 11, 2001. Peleg made many more bracelets. Unfortunately, when Kim was on vacation, he opened a small cut on the first joint of his index finger while whittling a whistle. He died of septicemia on February 17, 2002.
It was not until she was home for Christmas break that Mai told her mother about Lex. She was surprised that her mother wanted to keep that door closed. In January, when her mother told Mai of their vacation plans, Mai was sure that somehow Lex Tallion figured into the itinerary. But, Mai was wrong.
While on that vacation, Kim and her husband, Dr. Nik Pradhuman, drove from Northampton, Massachusetts to Philadelphia to see the Birthplace of Freedom before turning around and, on a whim, detouring to Boston to see their daughter, Mai, who was starting her second semester as a freshman at Harvard University.
Lex and Mai saw each other almost weekly for a couple of months, but by late spring of 2002, they mostly communicated by e-mail. And, in her Dear Diary, Mai wrote, a la the Eliot she had been reading, that things might end with a whimper.
Despite the terrors of 2001, Lex Tallion had a good real estate year. He ended the year writing a check for $2500 to the Heifer Project. He gave another thousand dollars to Save the Children. The night of the office Christmas party, he and Lo, both, got drunk enough to end up in Lexs small bed. That night seemed fine, but the morning was more complicated than either wished.
Serena and Frank are living a bumpy life together in a first floor Newport condo. When things are rough, which is not infrequent, one assures the other that it would not be the first time that a cynic and a romantic made a life. Despite Franks fears that living with Serena would ruin his writing, the opposite has proved true.
Broker keeps doing Broker things. Motivating the agents. Interpreting the fine print. Supplying the necessities. Cleaning up the messes. Keeping the deals on track.
Magook, Grandmother Courage, and the rest of the crew remain impatient for justice.
And Mike and Evie? Well, what is the last reward for lives well-lived?

* * *
