BY DEATHS FEATHER

Or

The fantastical journey of the late Ms. Alicia K. Pembleton:
A philosophical and entirely fictional tale of the recently dead.

By:  Ms. Soha F. Turfler


Copyright 2012 by Soha F. Turfler.
Smashwords Edition.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Chapter 1

That morning was a morning unlike any other.  At least, it was a morning unlike any other for Ms. Alicia K. Pembleton.  You see, that morning was the morning that she died.  
But this was not the end for Ms. Pembleton.  Oh no, it was not the end, at all, for, as some old man must have once said, death was only the beginning.  And for this formerly 29-year-old woman of average height and above average complexion, this death was certainly no exception.
The scene of Ms. Pembletons demise was indeed tragic, as is the scene of all who have lived and died.  And yet, you may have been slightly amused to view Ms.Pembleton as she struggled to take in her surroundings, if you were so wise as to glimpse her.  Sitting upon the sidewalk, looking at her corpse with a sort of befuddled yet bemused look on her face, she must have immediately recognized that she had died.  After all, seeing what once had seemingly defined all she was and limited all that she could ever be trapped underneath the wheels of a large black truck (belonging to a local stud, and general meathead, Ricky Cordigan), in a pool of blood spilling out onto the asphalt, probably nudged her into the idea of an afterlife.  
It was precisely her calm but confused state that was somewhat perplexing, however.  Indeed, one would have thought that she should have been more surprised.  You see, Ms. Alicia Pembleton had been what some would describe as a staunch unbeliever.  And so, we may have expected a bit more shock from our protagonist, a bit more emotion as she so violently discovered that the bloody end to her mortal coil did not automatically lead to the obliteration of her existence.  But there she was, sitting around, seemingly aimless, watching as a coroner casually zipped her body into a black plastic bag, while a red-faced Ricky blubbered to a local policeman, trying to explain what had occurred.  
Perhaps Ms. Pembleton was quietly contemplating the lack of her fade to black; realizing that what she once thought she knew with such certainty in the end meant nothing, as spiritual reality exists regardless of whether we wish to acknowledge it.  Or perhaps she was thinking of the cafe latt she had so recently purchased, and would never get to enjoy, as the drink had spilled upon impact.  And perhaps she surmised that, in any case, she was dead and would never get to imbibe such things again.  But we cannot know exactly what she was thinking.  Her thoughts, as always, were her own, and no one can ever know for certain what is truly going on in another persons head.  Figuratively speaking, of course.
But she must have been thinking something, for she stood up, walked over, and climbed into the ambulance as soon as the coroner lifted up her body-bag and loaded it into the vehicle.  Of course, this short description does not adequately convey the amount of effort Ms. Pembleton seemingly expended in carrying out this small, ostensibly ordinary task.  Climbing into that ambulance appeared to be quite an ordeal.  Indeed, she might as well have been climbing, half-frozen, to the top of a high mountain.  Her movements were slow and deliberate, as if she were suffering under some galling weight, or as if she had forgotten how to move and had to consciously manipulate each part of her new spirit limbs.  And it almost seemed as if she were swimming through some viscous fluid, rather than walking or climbing, although she remained upright throughout the task.
But she did eventually make it onto the ambulance, which allowed her to continue her incessant stare at her former self.  There she remained for what could be described as several more human moments, completely fixated on her mortal remains.  And were it not for this odd fascination with what was left of her material existence, she might have noticed as the ambulance started to move away, leaving her floating in mid-air.  As it was, she slowly floated down to the ground while watching the ambulance disappear, her form taking on a somewhat chagrined appearance.  Perhaps, in that moment, she cleverly surmised that, as she was no longer corporeal, there was nothing left for the vehicle to latch onto, and thus she could not ride along with her remains.  But, in any case, Ms. Alicia Pembleton simply stared in the direction in which the ambulance had quietly driven off for several more moments before she slowly floated in its direction.

*
The ambulance deposited what remained of Ms. Pembletons earthly existence at the morgue in the basement of the county hospital, whose technicians slid her body into a neat little cubbyhole in the wall to keep it cold.  Her spirit, with arms crossed, stood just outside the freezer and stared intensely at her body as the county workers smartly shut a vacuum-sealed door.  The hermetic hiss that escaped as the freezer stabilized with its new payload seemed to rouse Ms. Pembleton ever so slightly from her near-stupor.  She glanced around, to the right and to the left, seemingly recognizing the existence of the world around her for the first time.  And for just a moment her darting eyes paused in the left corner of the florescent-light filled room.  And for just a moment she seemed to see something different about that corner.  For just a moment, she seemed to see...
But then her eyes seemed to glaze over, and she slowly turned her concentration once again to the freezer door.  She even went so far as to reluctantly reach her hand out to touch the door with her palm.  And, in what was the most overt display of emotion since she had become the late Alicia Pembleton, she exclaimed in surprise as her ghostly hand slid straight through to the other side.  
And then, after pulling out her palm and staring at it in wonder, she seemed as equally surprised about her exclamation.
Wait, can I speak? she asked nobody in particular, Well Im speaking to myself, and I can hear myself.  But theres no one here to hear me, and I dont even know if I have ears anymore.
After a moment she added, sarcastically, Guess that answers that question about the tree falling in the woods.
Perhaps pleased to know that she at least had not lost some semblance of her wit after her transition to the other side, Ms. Pembleton seemed a bit more awake to her situation.  She slowly and cautiously began passing her arm into the freezer until finally she stepped right through.  Once inside, she found herself standing perpendicular and through her mortal remains, as if in some kind of strange spirit-corpse cross.  And, after arranging herself a bit, she leaned back as if to lie down.  Her ghostly legs immediately popped up into the air, allowing her spirit to float inside her body, as if suspended in some sort of dead sea.  Only this sea was not of salt, but of flesh.
We can only speculate as to Ms. Pembletons motivation for crawling inside her mangled remains, or what she was contemplating as she lay there quietly, in the cold dark.  Perchance she mistakenly believed that she could somehow will her soul into reuniting with her broken body, and once again rise up as some sort of unholy half-dead.  As you can in no doubt guess, this attempt was not a success; and the lifeless, staring eyes of her body remained dry and motionless, as her soul quietly began to weep.
I dont undertand this, she whispered to herself, Where the hell am I?  Am I in hell?!?  In some sort of limbo?!!?  This certainly doesnt feel like heaven!!  
Of course, no one responded to her.
Ms. Alicia Pembleton spent the next several moments arguing with herself in this manner, as if this angry self-exposition could bring her some sort of reconciliation to the situation.  Fortunately, her soliloquy eventually reached its conclusion.  And its conclusion was as such: namely, that based on her unbelief in the immortal soul, it was highly unlikely that any of the aforementioned series of events were actually occurring.  She reasoned that her present awareness was either a highly-realistic and ridiculous nightmare, or was as a result of some sort of remnants in electrical activity from her slowly dying brain.  But either way, she ultimately resolved to float inside her body until she either woke-up or faded away.  
Her resolve really must have been quite genuine:  She even went so far as to follow the trail of her body in a sort of mid-air swim when the morgue technicians came to transfer her remains to a smaller cubby towards the bottom of the freezer in order to make room for an obese, older gentlemen who had been found long-dead and well-decayed in his low-rent apartment.  Ms. Pembleton muttered something during this grisly transfer which suggested that the fact that she did not see the gentlemens spirit was a confirmation to her current hypothesis.  But of course, as you could have no doubt concluded by now, Ms. Pembleton was perhaps not entirely cognizant of the whole truth of her current surroundings, and so this piece of evidence will be left in your wise discretion.

*
So, there she lay, freezing, but not feeling the cold, for what would have counted for several hours, at least in the earthly plane of existence.  But, by and by, after what must have felt like either an eternity or no time at all, depending upon perspective, Ms.Pembleton sat up out of her body, alarmed, and looking sideways around her, as if she had heard something alarming. 
Mom? she whispered.  
And, as if Ms. Pembleton had been somehow summoned, she turned around, placing her spirit feet once upon the floor, and float-walked right through the freezer door into a different place altogether.
What the where am I? asked Ms. Alicia Pembleton, turning round once again to see that the morgue and its ghastly (but perhaps in some ways comforting) freezer had completely disappeared, now replaced by a chipped and peeling yellow wall.
The room she now found herself in was a cozy, green linoleum-tiled kitchen.  A girl of about six or seven years of age sat at a small rectangular table that was pushed up against a wall near a door frame, seemingly open to only shadow and black.  A ridiculously large glass of milk sat on the table before the child, which had noticeable beads of condensation running down the side, creating a small pool on the hunter-green Formica tabletop.  
Standing a few feet away from her, at a small counter next to an oven, was a woman of an ambiguous twenty or thirty years of age. She was barefoot, but wore a fitted dress which was well protected by a large apron, tied in rabbit-eared bows at her nape and lower back.  The woman was arranging freshly baked raspberry tarts, scraping them from a pan onto an oversized green plate and arranging them in a welcoming display.  She implemented an abnormally large metal spatula which emitted a sharp, grating sound as it scraped up the tart shells.  But despite the womans quick and steady work, it seemed as if the plate of tarts grew no larger, and the young girl sat looking at what could only be her mother, impatiently waiting for a treat.
Into this idyllic but somewhat off-kilter scene stepped Ms. Pembleton, whose long wait in the morgue freezer had not brightened her spirit.  She took a long moment to examine the woman-at-the-counter, even going so far to walk around her to get another view.  And the realization of who she was examining must have slowly dawned upon her, and she whispered once again, Mom? at what was indeed a much younger version of her mothers self.
Mom?  Ms. Alicia Pembleton said, in a third repetition, and then added, How can this be?
But, as you could have undoubtedly surmised, Ms. Pembletons motherKatharyn B. Pembletongave no indication of having heard her daughter.  She merely continued her eternal scraping and arranging.  And the much younger version of Alicia, who sat at the rectangular table, continued her waiting, the condensation from the glass of milk now drip, drip, dripping upon the linoleum floor.
It appears that this younger version of our recently deceased protagonist had heretofore gone unnoticed by Ms. Pembleton, as the small resonance of water caused her to turn towards the girl, and then immediately adopt an expression of bewilderment.  
Oh my God, exclaimed the former atheist, as she crept closer to the embodiment of her younger self.  
And then she added, What the hell is going on here? for good measure, perhaps. 
After completing a careful study of the girl, and hopefully drawing some sort of intermediate and most likely incorrect conclusion about the apparent idiosyncratic phenomena of being able to watch what she believed to be her younger self waiting for a raspberry tart, Ms. Pembletons eyes once again began wandering about the room.  Once again, her gaze fell into the left hand corner.  And, once again she seemed to recognize something different about that side of the room.  She walked over to that corner, which was otherwise unremarkable, and stuck her hand out as if waving at a cloud of transparent smoke.  Of course, her actions did not have any lasting effect, other than to perhaps create little whirls and lines in the air where her hand had passed.  She continued this for quite a while, intermittently withdrawing and examining her fingers with a small amount of fascination.  
After a while she desisted, and walked over to the little Formica table.  Nonchalantly pulling out the other chair, she sat across from the girl, and rested her chin in her palms. Ms. Pembleton did not seem too perturbed about her unprecedented effect upon the objects in the room.  Perhaps she was contemplating the nature of the many planes of existence in which she was now traveling, and her varied powers and effects based upon her particular relationship to the spiritual or material qualities of her present station.  Or, more likely, she took all these happenings as further confirmation to her current dream hypothesis, as she whispered its not real through her fingers so quietly that one could hardly hear.  
But whatever her thoughts, Ms. Pembleton continued sitting at the Formica table for what must have seen like an unreasonably long time before something changed.

*
Unexpectedly, as if a bell had gone off somewhere, little Alicia sat up, and sang out the following melancholy tune:

I dont know
Where we will go
I jus know
Itll be raaaining.
So take your cap,
And dont look back
Theres nothin else
Worth saaaving.

Thats so strange, said Ms. Pembleton, I dont remember this at all. What the hell is happening?
Just then, the distinct sound of a child giggling resonated throughout the little room. But the laughter had not come from little Aliciaaside from her creepy and sudden melody, she had returned to silently waiting for those tarts.  Katharyn had not even looked up from the countertop.
Ms. Pembleton, however, seemed quite startled by the sound.  She got up and began looking further about the room, opening cupboards and staring into the deep blackness that existed just outside the door.  But as soon as Ms. Pembleton finished this ultimately fruitless search, little Alicia sang out once again, this time with more forcefulness:

The shadows grow
The black birds crow
And you dont know
What youre braaaving,
So pick your map
And choose your path
For theres something else
Youll be chaanging.

The disembodied laughter rang out louder and longer this time, like a tiny bell from another room.
Stop doing that! Youre freaking me out! Ms. Pembleton said, as if being dead and wandering through the afterlife was not enough to freak her out already.
She went over and grabbed little Alicias arm and gently shook her, complaining and asking the girl why she was doing this and what was happening.  Alicia, of course, did not respond, and instead acted as if Ms. Pembleton was not there, and certainly was not harassing her.  In light of this lack of response, Ms. Pembleton gave up assaulting her younger self fairly quickly, and instead went over to her mother with the same complaints and concerns.  
Katharyns only reaction was to set down the spatula, becoming motionless, thereby ceasing her heretofore incessant scraping. But she did not give any other indication of having been affected by the harried worries of her daughter.  However, this was enough encouragement for Ms. Pembleton, who continued in her attempt, until her younger self sang out once more, almost shouting the words:

YOU DONT KNOW
WHERE YOU WILL GO
AND IF YOU CHOOSE
ITLL BE RAAAINING!
SO TAKE YOUR BOOK
WITH ANOTHER LOOK
THERES SOMETHIN ELSE
YOULL BE SAAAVING!

This time the song provoked shrieks of laughter, the source of which soon burst into the room.  It came in the form of a tiny bright-eyed toddler girl, dressed as a fairy princess, and waving a wand of tinsel and feathers.  In her left hand, she dragged a small stuffed toy lion by the shaggy end of its excessively long tail.  The toy looked as if it may have once been white, but had been dragged and mishandled, and was now so worn that it could be only optimistically called grey.  Once possessing a bright cornflower-blue felt nose, the toy had been rubbed, tossed, and cuddled with such passion that the felt had worn off the tip, exposing the white plastic underneath.  And only one of its bright button-eyes remained, the exposed hole of the other having been partially sewn over, a bit of stuffing poking out.  And so it seemed as if the lion toy was locked forever in a coy wink, its lost eye a testimony to the casualties of childish play and war.
Ms. Pembleton seemed to be awe-struck by the appearance of the tiny sprite, as evidenced by her wide-eyed and open-mouthed stare. This newest apparition immediately went to the center of the room and started dancing to her own eerily hummed tune, which was quite, but not just, like that of Alicias.
Oh my God, Ms. Pembleton said, Sarah? Is it you- Are you here?  What is happening?  Ms. Pembleton must have immediately recognized the child as the embodiment of Ms. Sarah E. Pembleton, sister to our wandering spirit.
A ghostly tear ran out of the corner of Ms. Pembletons eye, and, squatting down, she reached her arms out to the girl, seeking to welcome her with a long-awaited expression of love and reunion.  Her attempt at an embrace was only somewhat successful; however, as she was able to grab a hold of and squeeze her sister, that is, only until little Sarah danced right through her arms, and scurried up to the plate of tarts at the counter.  Ms. Pembleton swiveled around when this happened, perhaps surprised that she was at once completely transparent, and yet at times able to grab onto things in the room.
Sarah looked up expectantly at Katharyn, who still stood in the same motionless state.  She gave no sign of acknowledgment of the little fairy princess.  Little Alicia, on the other hand, seemed just as fascinated by Sarah as was Ms.Pembleton.  Although she remained sitting, Alicia lifted herself up by placing her hands on either side of her chair, and started breathing heavily, as if in some sort of anticipation.
Coo-kie, Sarah said, in an obvious misidentification of the baked goods lying just inches outside her grasp.  Katharyns only response was to pick up her spatula, and the room was once again filled with the grating sound of her incessant scraping.  
Coo-kie, the fairy princess said once again, this time sticking out her tongue to form a bright pink bowl on top of her baby teeth.  She stood up on her tipi-toes and poked at the plate with her wand, but succeeded in only pushing it further away from her, the plate echoing loudly as it fell back onto the counter.
This caused little Sarah to emit a loud, whining cry.  Her whimpering was full of so much innocence and childish longing that surely your heart would have broken, if you have could have heard her.
Sarahs lament for baked goods had quite an effect upon the whole room.  Katharyn ceased her activity and left the room, leaving the still-occupied green plate resting upon the counter.  Ms. Pembleton sat down on the floor, as if the wind had been knocked out of her.  Little Alicia, on the other hand, picked up the glass of milk and threw it forcefully against the wall.  It landed near the door where her mother had exited and shattered into a hundred tiny pieces, the spilled milk now dripping in white spindling lines upon the floor.  
Alicia put her head down onto the table, covering her eyes with her forearms.  All of this only caused poor Sarah to cry even harder.  She raised the stuffed lions tail to her mouth and through sobs started noisily sucking upon it as if it were some fluffy popsicle wrapped around her thumb.
Coookie, Sarah cried again, in a tone which admitted defeat. And for the next several moments she continued whimpering and sucking upon the lions tail. And everything seemed to wait upon Ms. Pembleton, to see what she would choose.

*
Fortunately, Ms. Pembleton soon made a decision.
Good Lord, she said, in third reference to a deity that she did not profess to believe in.  
Ms. Pembleton walked over to the counter, lifted up Sarah by her armpits, and let the girl daintily pilfer a tart off of the plate. This was quite a heroic feat for Ms. Pembleton, given her varied effect upon the room.  But this seemed to bring great joy to little Sarah, who was happy to substitute a tart for her tinsel wand.  Sarah returned to humming her little tune once she was set upon the floor.
There you are, Ms. Pembleton said, with a softness to her voice that had not appeared before. 
All this time, Alicia had not raised her head from the table.  She seemed almost tangled in the knot she had created from her forearms.
But as soon as Sarah sunk her first baby-tooth into the still-steaming raspberry tart, the maternal force reentered.  The little culprit was still standing in the middle of the room with her tasty prize, making no effort to hide what she had so craftily won.  Katharyn stood and stared at the child, perhaps not noticing that she had walked upon the shattered glass, and her now cut bare feet were bleeding red tendrils upon the linoleum floor.
For goodness sake, what have you done? asked Katharyn, turning toward Alicia, who seemed to have freed herself from the knot of her arms as soon as her mother had walked into the room.
I didnt do anything, said an indignant little Alicia, it wasnt me!  It was her!
How could Sarah do that, Miss Alicia? Katharyn replied, Shes just a baby!
No, not her!  It was her! Alicia retorted, her words perhaps only making sense to the few real entities in the room.
What are you talking about?  Katharyn said, Think about what you say, before you say it.
You dont know what you are talking about! Alicia said, standing up from her chair at the table.
This last statement seemed to have quite an effect on her mother, as she stared at Alicia for a few moments, apparently considering what to do next, before stating:
Fine.  Well, I only make tarts for good, patient little girls, and so I guess since there arent any here right now, we will not need these.  She trod over to the remaining tarts and put them in the refrigerator, leaving tiny prints of blood where her feet landed. And you can be certain your father will hear about this when he gets home.
Good.  Daddy will believe me, said Alicia, in the tone of all children who idealize an oft-absent parent.
Katharyn did not respond to this, but instead left the room.  We can only hope that she left to go tend to her bleeding appendages.
Ms. Pembleton watched this argument in silence.  Perhaps she was reflecting upon what undoubtedly she believed had characterizedbut not precisely had beenher childhood.  Or perhaps she was lamenting all the raspberry tarts that she missed out on as a child, and may never get to enjoy again.  Or perhaps she was just savoring the chance to see her sister again, whatever the circumstances.  As always, we can only surmise at what exactly she was contemplating.
Its all your fault! said Alicia.
Ms. Pembleton turned round to see Alicia, now standing and looking directly at her, with her hands clasped at her sides in little fists.  Although, as Ms. Pembleton was standing directly between Alicia and Sarah, it was not entirely clear whether the young girl could see her, and thus it was somewhat ambiguous as to whom Alicia was directing her current rage.  Maybe at one or the other; maybe both.
Why did you have to come in here? she asked, still upset and glaring at or through Ms. Pembleton, depending upon whether you currently believe that she could see her.
Alicia rushed forward with her arms straight out, but succeeded only in running right through Ms. Pembletons legs and into her little sister.  Sarah slammed against the counter door, dropping her tart, and screaming and crying in obvious pain and confusion.  
What are you doing?!? Ms. Pembleton yelled, rushing over to sit by and console the infant, You idiot, leave her alone!  What are you thinking?  
But oddly, Ms. Pembleton was not able to touch either girl and could not intercede further.
Little Alicias rage was not abated, however, as she looked at her older self and/or her younger sister and took quick and unfortunate action.  Spying the little toy lion that still lay in her sisters tiny hand, Alicia lunged at the head of the animal and tried to pull it from her grasp.
Give me Geo! Alicia shouted, Its minegive it to me!  
Sarah resisted.
No! Stop it! Ms. Pembleton screamed, who now had tears flowing from her eyes, No, not again!  Dont do it!
Little Sarah apparently was not willing to give up her favorite toy without putting up a fight.  She was obviously attached to the toy by more than a mere tenuous grip.  And she seemed unnaturally strong for a toddler, as Alicia was not immediately able to snatch it from her little fingers.  So, for a few moments the children engaged in quite an epic tug-o-war, the formerly-white lion undignifiedly splayed out between them.  
No!  Alicia, stop!  Please stop! No, dont, youll- youll tear it!  Ms. Pembleton pleaded.
But Alicia persisted, unaffected by her own supplications.  And just as Ms.Pembleton had predicted, Geo the lion toy finally gave into the years of childish abuse and affection, and tore by tail and head from stubby-pawed body.  It was an extremely horrific decapitation, with bits of fluff and fuzz filling the kitchen air.
Alicia flew back, falling on the floor as a result of this mutilation, holding the toys head by its mane.  A visibly upset Sarah was left holding the tail, while the body fell into Ms. Pembletons lap, cotton-stuffing now seeping out of the rips at both ends.  This, she was able to grasp, and she held onto it very tightly.  And for just a moment, the three, and yet the one, sat and wept with their respective portions in the middle of their mothers green linoleum kitchen floor.



Chapter 2

What came next was a rather abrupt transition.  The small kitchen and its almost hypnagogic occupants suddenly disappeared, and Ms. Pembletons spirit and body now rested, once again, in the basement of the county hospital.  Only this time, instead of stowed neatly inside a cubby hole, her body now lay unclothed and partially uncovered on a sterile metal rolling table in a separate viewing room.  Ms. Pembletons spirit sat some distance away in the middle of the floor.  The room was relatively empty, save for the aforementioned grisly contents, along with a few tools and other implements.  One side wall of the room was dominated by a large window.  This window was obscured, however, blinded from whatever lay on the other side.
For what must have been several moments, according to your current conception of time, Ms. Pembleton continued to sit cross-legged on the floor, rocking back and forth, muttering to herself, and still acting as if she were clutching onto the now docked and decapitated lion toy.  But that torso had, too, disappeared, and it wasnt long before Ms.Pembleton looked down and realized that she was holding onto only her own imagination.  Perhaps unable to think of anything better to do, she stood up again, turned around twice, and quickly climbed back into her body as it lay upon the cold, metal gurney in the middle of the room.
The blinds on the large window slid aside in a loud sssshwack.
Now unobscured, another room could be dimly observed on the other side.   A small group of individuals were clustered together at the window, peering through at Ms.Pembletons corpse.  One of these individuals appeared to be a morgue technician of perhaps middle-age, his white coat and professional eyewear giving you free reign to define his stereotype at this point.  The other occupants of the viewing room consisted of two somewhat similarly-aged women, who in face and manner appeared to be sistersalthough one of these ladies was clearly the younger and more stylish of the two.  
 You would have recognized the less-fashionable sister, if you were perhaps keen to remember her.  If you looked closely, you could have perhaps seen that she was none other than Katharyn B. Pembleton, mother of our very own protagonist.  But do not fret if you did not immediately recognize her, as she appeared highly altered:  whereas the Katharyn we had been introduced to only shortly heretofore had seemed vibrant, if a bit mechanical, this one seemed older, grayer, dried up, wooden; as if every drop of life had been sucked up and out of her, never to return.
Katharyn was sitting quietly in a metal chair with large wheels on each side and black handles sticking out from the top end.  This chair now seemed to be much a part of her.  Indeed, it almost seemed as if she had allowed that chair to define her; as if she was now stuck inside that chair.  Indeed, in many ways, she had been stuck in that chair for twenty years of mortal life.
Standing next to Katharyn was her more-fashion-savvy companion, who, as was mentioned earlier, clearly resembled her in bodily shape. Certainly, Vienne E. Braunhauer could have been described as the very doppelganger of her sister, if not had her every feature been somehow longer and thinner, leaving an overall impression that she had been pulled up and stretched like saltwater taffy.  Vienne wore a loose, white blouse with a fitted skirt, and carried a large, brand-name leather purse.  There was something strange about her eyes.  And she put forth an air of command over her sister, saying with great theatric stamina:
Yes, thats herthats our Alicia.
And the blinds slid smartly closed, separating the two rooms once again.

*
It is not clear if Ms. Pembleton was fully aware of these events; whether she consciously recognized that her aunt and mother had come to claim the body of their niece and daughter a day after the wheels Ricky Cordigans truck had snuffed the very life out of her.  Ms.Pembleton had remained motionless in her flesh casing throughout, and gave no indication as to what, exactly, she may have been thinking.
But, as always, we can guess.
For, just then, it started raining inside the morgue; tiny droplets that landed upon every item and every corner.  But this rain was not made of cool, clear water, but of bright color which painted and blended into the room, running down in long droplets to the floor.  The morgue basement slowly dissolved away, metamorphosing through these long drops of paint, until it became a verdant brown and green cemetery on a cloudy, rainy day.  The gurney lifting Ms. Pembletons body was washed away into a casket, resting upon a metal frame above an open grave, her spirit now floating inside. The various tools, tables and utensils in the room now transformed into dark, weeping figures, clustered around the casket in unambiguous mourning.  And so, it seemed as if by pure imagination, the little room had been cried away into a funeral scene.  
And Vienne Braunhauer seemed to be the centre of this new attraction (aside from the large wooden casket housing Ms. Pembletons spirit, that is).  At least, the central figure seemed to be that of Vienne, as the painted rain had apparently transformed her, as well, washing off at least twenty years of wrinkles warred against by plastic and powder.  Vienne was dressed in a smart black suit, with an ivory-silk shell underneath.  In her left hand she held aloft a light gray umbrella; in her right hand she held loosely onto the hand of little Alicia, now appearing nine-years-old.  Alicia in turn held tightly onto her own younger sisters hand, and Sarah tightly clasped onto hers in return.  Each of the girls wore matching black and white dresses with fancy ballet flats, which were no doubt purchased by their auntie, and which were now getting totally soaked and filthy in the rain, as they stood just outside the reach of Viennes umbrella.
The rest of the figures in the crowd seemed indistinct, featureless; more like placeholders than real people.  But Katharyn was not among them.  That much was certain.
Ms. Pembleton lay motionless in the casket.  And for a while, nothing changed.  Water fell in large, pounding raindrops, and little Alicia and Sarah stood there getting wet, the rain hiding the tears on their faces.
Two of the figureless human shapes in the crowd, standing behind little Sarah and Alicia, started to move and transition.  One seemed to balloon out, growing rounder, fatter, and shorter; a large black feathered hat grew out of the head, an engorged mouth covered in tasteless purple lipstick congealed within the face.  The other seemed to be pulled upwards, growing leaner and taller; elongated ears, capped and pulled loose by unreasonably large gold earrings, sprouted from the sides of the head, a dark pink umbrella formed out of an arm.  But other than this, they remained featureless, grotesque.  And these two caricatures seemed to move and twist together, slithering in almost a macabre dance. 
The one with the mouth said to the other: I told you it was only time before that woman killed him.  
The one with the ears hummed in agreement, despite lacking any apparent lips.
Now shes going to crush the spirit out of those girls.
Little Alicia seemed to notice this ambiguous, but undoubtedly inappropriate, conversation, as she turned around and stared directly at them with such accusation and pain in her eyes that the two figures, along with the rest of the crowd, burst and dissolved into the rain.  Their featureless features were soon washed away.  Vienne, too, seemed to vanish, but with a bit less splash.  And in the end, only little Alicia and Sarah remained standing, some steps away from the casket, where the spirit of the recently deceased continued to float inside.  
Holding onto her sister, Alicia stepped closer towards the grave, stopping just short of the open hole.  She picked up Sarah, who was half of her frame, and held her close as they both stared at the casket.  
And, reaching out and laying her tiny palm on the warm cherry wood, Sarah quietly whispered Daddy, in a tone of such profound loss, that it cannot be adequately described.
NO!!! Ms. Pembleton yelled, sitting straight up and out of her body.
But the casket, and the memory of her fathers funeral, had vanished as soon as she had opened to scream.

*
Ms. Pembleton was in a dim and empty space.  She rested on a black slate floor, her head just inches away from a ceiling, made of similar material.  The four walls, each less than an arms length away, were likewise so formed.  In short, Ms. Pembleton found herself in slate box, bounded in every direction.  She reached out and felt all along the sides, vainly searching for a seam.  And just as the wonder of this world perhaps began to give way to panic, the sound of rhythmic scratching caught her attention.
With each stroke of sound little lines began to appear on the left side wall, floating there as if in mid-air.  In a few moments, the connections between the lines began to take on a more recognizable quality: namely, that of handwriting.  Each letter and word was backwards, as if Ms. Pembleton was observing them from the back side of a mirror.  And the letters seemed to swirl and dance and squirm about, as if imbued with life. Yet she was still able to read a few out:
Deh,OTofrgvesttssoeacstthrfls, a bsmt te  aeno Ty ony d h oen o T ge.
The only word that Ms. Pembleton was able to make out of this was possibly forgivest, the true significance of which she probably did not yet realize.  She reached out to delicately touch the word, as if to determine its substance.  As soon as she laid finger upon the writing, it lit up, as if activated.  Quickly seeking to retract her finger, she immediately found that she could not, in fact, remove itshe had become stuck.  The black slate, now swirling like a thick black slime, soon enveloped her entire hand, pulling that appendage further and further into the wall.  Soon her entire forearm was enveloped.  Ms.Pembleton became quite panicked.  She tried very unsuccessfully to pull her arm out as it fell further and further into the wall, disappearing in a black, swirling pool of quicksand.  But despite her struggle, Ms.Pembletons spirit was pulled right through and spewed out unceremoniously on the other side.
If the writing and slate surroundings of Ms. Pembletons temporary hole had not been a sufficient indicator of where she could be now found, a summary glance at the surroundings would undoubtedly suffice.  Ms.Pembleton had, in fact, been pulled through a blackboard into a classrooma place where children generally sit at desks and attend to a teacher who facilitates their education, with the mutual hope of discovering something about the worlds.  Neither the teacher nor the children in this classroom, however, fit this lofty, but somewhat summary, description.  The teacher was sitting at a desk at the head of the room, and at first glance he or she seemed to be reading a newspaper.  Upon closer inspection, however, it appeared as if the teacher was not so much reading a newspaper, as actually was a newspaperthere was no head or mind to this odd being, but only wrinkled headlines.  And it seemed to be much folded into its own paper self.  The eyeless, newspaper-head teacher did not even notice as Ms.Pembletons spirit made a less than graceful entry into the room.
And the children in the classroom certainly were not sitting or paying attention, but were all running about in a chaotic and destructive fashion, wild and unbounded.  All, that is, except for one child.  One child sat and stared straight forward as the other children ran over and ruined everything around them in a rather horrific manner.  One child sat in silence as the other children screamed and cajoled and made noises which were almost unbearable to hear.  And that one child was none other than little Aliciaa similar age to when we last saw her, or perhaps a few months older; Alicia, who stared straight ahead with deep-set, dim eyes, separated from the raucous play and riot around her.  
But despite the almost distracted fervor of the room, this child apart did not go unnoticed.
Come on Pimpletown, why so melancholy? one especially obnoxious red-faced and red-haired boy standing near Ms.Pembleton said, as he tore a great novel into pieces.  
Alicia did not move.  Ms.Pembleton, on the other hand, sought to gather herself together and crawled to the corner of the room.
Didnt you hear? another girl torching a science model offered, Her father bought it.
Yeah. Moms a wacko, killed him in a car crash, the first obnoxious boy said.
And now shes a cripple, torch girl mocked, In the hospital and never gonna walk again.
The children laughed a cruel, ignorant laugh 
Alicia remained silent.  
Ms.Pembleton, however, covered her ears, screaming: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!  
The children crowded around as she scooted in a corner, their laughter reaching a particular crescendo with her agitation.  Newspaper-head remained useless throughout, doing nothing to alleviate the situation.  
Ms.Pembleton, who seemed to be almost disintegrating under the torture of the schoolchildren, was saved from their rancor only by the ringing of the school bell, which soon reached a level to match that of the children.  The little tyrants immediately poured out of the classroom door in a messy file as the bell ended, the paper-teacher following soon thereafter.
Only Alicia and Ms.Pembleton remained; Alicias eyes heavy and motionless, Ms.Pembleton slowly recovering.  As the two, and the one, looked at each other, a more-friendly voice called from outside:
Allie, you better go check on your sister.  Shes in the cave, crying.
This grabbed both Alicias attention, and they immediately stood up, gathered themselves together, and with much determination, walked hurriedly into the hall of the school, out the front door, and into the schoolyard.  The cave turned out to be not so much a stony grotto, but rather a giant plastic dome placed in the schoolyard, with only a small circular hole cut in the side for an entrance.  Undoubtedly, this was a playtime structure which provided the school children a venue for all sorts of naughtiness and delights.
It smelled horrible inside.
The little girl was indeed hiding within the cave, as promised, huddled in a little ball.  Alicia crawled inside the cave after spying her.  Ms.Pembleton, who was obviously larger than the hole-entrance, ultimately just walked right through the side of the dome and sat down near the girls.
Sarah, Alicia said, comforting her sister, Whats the matter? Why are you in here?
Sarah did not respond, but instead grabbed onto her sister and started crying hysterically.  Alicia held onto her and rubbed her back, calming her until the young girl was able to speak again, gasping between sobs:
Those boys.... those boys, made fun of me!
What boys? Why? What happened?
They called they called me Miss... Miss Pissypants!
What? Alicia said, Why?
Because I... because I... here Sarah gulped as she swallowed a bit of snot, I did!
Alicia opened up a backpack that she had brought her and fished out a tissue, which she offered to her sister: 
Sarah, calm down, youre not making sense.  Tell me what happened, why are you still here?  Why didnt Aunt Vee come and get you when you got out of school?
It took a few moments before Sarah was able to explain.  Although shaded by her five-year-old wailing perception, it became apparent that the girls aunt had not arrived as expected to pick up Sarah after she was dismissed from school for the day.  Sarah had waited on the front steps of the building for several hours until the older children were released.  During that time, she had needed to visit to the the toilet facilities, but was worried that she might miss her aunt or sister, and so had remained on the steps and had what is colloquially termed an accident.  The older children, the character of some of which has been demonstrated before, arrived, observed what had happened, and offered a rather demeaning portrayal of the situation.  Sarah had run to the cave in a fit of shame and despair, where she remained crying until thence discovered.
Shh, Alicia comforted her, Its okay.  Im here now.  Well walk to Aunt Vees house together.  Wheres your bag?
Sarah had quieted by this point, and so was able to offer a more coherent response:
Its right here, she said, handing over the small pink backpack to her sister.
Do you have some more tissues in here? Alicia said.  
She opened the bag, and pulled out the disembodied head of the little lion toy.
Whats Geo doing in here, Sarah?
I... I wanted Geo to come with me, since its my first day.
Alicia smiled and gave the fluffy head to Sarah, who squeezed it, grinned a little and handed it back to her sister.  Alicia stuffed the head back into the pack.  She took Sarahs hand and they both crawled out of the small circular exit.  Ms. Pembleton followed, floating through the wall again as previously described.
Alicia stood up and started towards the building, but was stopped by Sarah:
Allie wait, Im all messy.
This was true, and so, without further thought Alicia revised the plan to first include a stopover at the schools lavatory.  Sarah climbed piggyback onto Alicia and they together walked to the building.  Perhaps without thinking, Ms. Pembleton picked up the girls bags and followed them, silently.
Do you think Aunt Vee forgot about me? Sarah asked from her perch on Alicias back.
I dont know, Alicia said, maybe something happened.
Maybe, Sarah agreed, and then added, I wish Mommy could have picked me up.
Well, you know that she couldnt.  Shes in the hospital.
Do you think we can go see her tonight?
Maybe, Alicia offered, we can ask Aunt Vee when we get home.
Okay.
The girls had now almost arrived to the side entrance of the school, Ms. Pembleton only inches behind.
Allie, Sarah said.
What?
I miss Daddy.
Alicia opened the door to the schoolhouse, I miss him too, she said, and disappeared inside.  
Ms. Pembleton moved to follow the girls, but could not enter.  Or rather, she could enter, but could not follow.  Her steps took her to another place altogether, a place she had never been, and perhaps never hoped to be.

*
It was as dark as midnight in a moonless sky.  Ms. Pembleton stood on in the middle of an otherwise empty, two-lane street.  She slowly turned around to take in her surroundings.  A great Oak tree stood off to the side, some distance away from her.  Two bright orbs could be seen far down the long road.  She stopped and turned to look curiously in their distant direction.  The orbs were steadily becoming larger, and it was not long before it became clear that the two lights were emanations from the headlights of a vehicle moving quickly in her direction, as much as they were emanations from a different realm.
Ms. Pembleton stared at the headlights, and, like a well-known antlered species, froze when it became apparent that the vehicle was coming directly at her.  The sound of a woman crying could be heard just over the roar of the cars engine.
And just before the vehicle was about to impact Ms. Pembleton, it swerved out of control, swiveling ninety-degrees on its axis, and skid right through her.  Or, rather, Ms.Pembletons spirit slid right through it, providing a glimpse of the drivernone other than her mother, Katharynand the passenger, a well-dressed but obscured gentleman who, sadly, was not wearing his seat-belt.  The careening vehicle hit a low shoulder and flipped over, flying through the air before crashing into the large tree on the side of the road.  
The gentleman passenger was ejected from the front of the vehicle in a tragic display of blood and glass.  He landed several hundred feet from the vehicle, his body doubled and broken.  Mercifully, he died upon impact.  The lady driver remained within the vehicle, wisely remembering to restrain herself.  Unfortunately, however, as a later lawsuit and settlement would determine, the drivers seat in the car had become unhinged and shifted about in a most dangerous manner.  And so, broken and bruised, her children now fatherless, Katharyn B. Pembleton would nevermore walk upon mortal land.
The spirit of Ms.Alicia K. Pembleton had watched these tragic events with a horrified sort of fascination.  She moved only after the vehicle completely rested, and only then erratically so.  She ran to the body of her father, screaming and crying.  His dead eyes did not respond to her pleading.  And she saw no other spirit move within the scene.
Ms. Pembleton next ran over to the figure of her mother, who was still strapped within the vehicle, bloodied, unconscious, but breathing.  
No! Ms.Pembleton screamed, How could you do it!?! How could you kill him!?!
She then added, You ruined everything! before bursting into an incoherent mess.
Ms. Pembleton reached into the upside-down vehicle, as if to grab her mother, but her fingers passed right through both smashed vehicle and lady, and could not hold onto anything.  
She stood up, bringing her ethereal hands to her lips, and, somewhat hurriedly walked over to rest on the roads shoulder, crying.
Oh, God, did I?  Was it me?  Did I cause the accident? No, no, no, this cannot be!  Its all a dream! I was not there!  Indeed, she was not.
So where were you, Miss Pembleton?
No, I was not there, she said, although it was unclear whether she had understood this, or was just consoling herself, as she often did, It couldnt have been me.
Where were you?
She clutched her ears and rocked back and forth saying, I was not here!
Then where are you?
She shook her head but did not respond.  Perhaps she failed to perceive the question.
Where are you, Miss Pembleton?
There was no answer.
Where are you?

*
Ms. Pembleton floated inside her old body.  Spirit and corpse once again lay upon a metal table, both entirely covered by a white sheet.  But the environs had completely changed.
She was still in a basement, but rather than the cool grey sheen which had characterized the morgue at the county hospital, this basement was dark, brooding, and walled-in by soot-covered bricks.  It consisted of a large, irregularly-shaped room, interspersed with enough support columns to betray perhaps converted farmhouse origins.
Ms. Pembletons spirit placed her hands over her heart and lips, as if to prevent both from further screaming.  She sat up, using her sheet-covered body as a seat, and started crying, letting hushed nos and whys escape between her fingers.  She soon desisted, however, and rubbing what may have been her ghostly nose (as if wiping at some snot that was not there), she began to look about the room.
A partially open door at the top of a set of wooden stairs provided the only source of illumination.  But this scanty radiance provided enough light to outline the shapes in the room.  There were three other metal tables in the basement similar to the one on which Ms.Pembleton currently resided, only one of which appeared to be occupied by another sheet-covered corpse.  The imprint of this other body seemed a bit emaciated, as if it were sunken in, old and wasted from long illness.  And just as Ms. Pembletons eyes were about to stop examining her deceased companion, a ghostly arm rose up out of the sheet.
Ms.Pembleton exclaimed.
It probably would be safe to append in surprise to that last sentence.
For it soon became all too apparent that another specter rested in this other body, as the spirit made another quick appearance outside the sheet, turning over in the cadaver, as if adjusting itself in sleep.
Ms.Pembleton lay back down into her own remains, as if trying to hide within herself.  But after a moment, possibly realizing that this was perhaps the first real soul that she had encountered since her transition to the other side, she stood up, walked over to the other body and attempted to greet it.
Hello? she said timidly.
There was no response.
She tried again without further success, passing her hand through the sheet.  But Ms. Pembletons ghostly fingers went through spirit and flesh alike, and could not wake the other being out of its apparent stupor.
Refusing to give up so easily, she now said hello, please! and brought both of her hands to bear.  This small persistence had absolutely no effect.  
She walked over to the end of the other deceaseds table, at which hung a sort of medical chart.  It had a picture of a nicely dressed, bespectacled woman with white hair on the front page.  This lovely lady was smiling with oversized dentures and pearls at her neck.  Although most of the writing on the chart appeared indecipherable, Ms. Pembleton was able to read Mrs. Edna M. Kvornick, 15 March 1919 to 12 July 20--, Natural causes off of it.
Misses Kvornick?  Ms. Pembleton asked, stumbling over the unfamiliar name.
She walked over to the head-shaped part of the covered corpse and positioned her ethereal hands over what must have been the former Mrs. Kvornicks shoulders.  Her fingers sunk in ever-so-slightly to grasp at the spirit within.
Then she said intently: Excuse me, Misses Kvornick, are you homeare you here?
Mrs. Kvornicks ghost seemed to rouse at her name.  Her spirit rose halfway out of the sheet to stare at the perhaps unwelcome guest.  But after sighting Ms.Pembleton, this eidolon seeking entry, Mrs. Kvornick recoiled in horror, as if she had seen some sort of monster, and not our dear protagonist.  And it could be said that Ms.Pembleton precisely mirrored that reaction.
For the soul that had arisen to Ms. Pembletons bidding was not the Mrs.Kvornick that we may have expected from the dainty picture on her medical chart.  Well, it would be unfair to say that it was not Mrs. Kvornick.  The thing that rose up from the corpse did, in some indescribable way, resemble the old lady in the picture.  But it was as if this Mrs.Kvornick was missing something; as if her face and body were not fully put together.  Indeed, the spirit that arose was more like the suggestion of Mrs. Kvornick, than Mrs.Kvornick.  More like a puzzle with missing pieces, or perhaps an abstract work of art.  And the overall effect was so disturbing that perhaps Ms. Pembleton would have been justified in releasing whatever tenuous hold she may have had on the ladys shoulders.
Ms. Pembleton did not let go, however, but remained latched onto her for some unknown reason.  The two ladies continued staring at each other, locked in a sort of silent entanglement, until eventually Mrs.Kvornicks eyes rolled back into her head (or at least, the suggestion of her eyes rolled back into what might have been her head) and she fell back with a groan, resuming her float in her own sheet-covered cadaver.  
Ms.Pembleton removed her hands, finally giving up on this strange apparition.  Grumbling, shaking and rubbing her hands as if they were covered in something filthy, she walked around the room mumbling.  What followed was a long complaint which, out of generosity, will not be repeated here.  But from this most recent soliloquy we could perhaps gather that Ms. Pembleton had relinquished her electrical-remnant hypothesis, and was currently attributing all she was seeing to a dream-like trance.  Perhaps this was in view of the time that had passed (or, at least, the time as it may have appeared in her estimation).  Or perhaps it was in view of the relative absurdity of her situation.  But, in any case, it did not seem that Ms. Pembleton was quite ready to believe that she was dead and wandering through the afterlife.  Well, at least, she was not willing to admit it.

*
Fortunately, Ms. Pembleton decided to end her monologue at nearly the same moment she wandered closer to the staircase leading up and out of the room.  A small whisper of conversation floated quietly down from the partially open door at the top of the stairs; conversation which seemed to lure Ms. Pembleton away from the cares and corpses in her present room and wonder about what was going on upstairs.
Ms. Pembletons trek to the floor above was an easy oneshe merely floated diagonally upwards until she reached the top of the stairs, and then nonchalantly stepped through the door.  She did this so casually that it would be fair to assume that she had finally reached some sort of mastery over her movements in this dimension.  Or, at the very least, movement of a certain kind.
Passing through the door leading to the basement, Ms.Pembleton entered a large, carpeted and wood-paneled hall that began at an ornate glass and wood front door, passed a flight of carved stairs and a large archway leading to a parlor, and ended in a small office, at which a man dressed in a black suit sat writing at a desk.  A large mirror hung on the wall, just opposite to where Ms.Pembleton had floated through, revealing that a large sign stating STAFF ONLY was nailed upon the cellar door.  
Ms.Pembleton cast no reflection.
But by looking into this mirror more intently, two familiar individuals could be seen sitting some distance away.  The first was Vienne Braunhauer, who rested on one of several cream-colored sofas interspersed throughout the hall.  She was talking in quiet, but forceful tones with Katharyn, who was pushed across from her sister, occupying her usual seat.
In short, Ms. Pembleton now found herself watching her mother and aunt converse in the hallway of Branche Mortuary and Funeral Parlor, providing the finest in burial and cremation services since 1954, if advertisements are to be believed.
She walked closer to her former family members, and their forcibly hushed conversation became understandable.  Unsurprisingly, Katharyn and Vienne continued as if they could not see her.
We should just go, Katharyn said, looking down at her hands.
No, Vienne responded, staring straight at her sister, Kate, we have to make a decision about this.
It can wait, Katharyn slowly responded, I know Mr. Branche.  It can wait a couple of days, at least. 
Vienne did not immediately reply to this, but continued looking at her sister before finally stating, with a condescending sigh:
Does it really make that much of a difference, Kate?  Why wont you just agree to this?
Katharyn continued staring at her hands, but finally responded, Please, Vienne.  I- I just cant.  Vee, I just cant burn her.
Vienne looked down at her sister for a long moment, and then simply responded, Its what she would have wanted.  You know that.
Ms. Pembleton seemed a bit surprised by this last exchange, and tightened her brow in concentration.
After a moment, Katharyn raised her head and looked at Vienne.
I know, she said, Yes, I know that.
And then she added, She is my daughter, Vienne.  
The two sisters stared into each others eyes for the next few minutes, worlds of meaning passing silently between them.  
Eventually, Katharyn lowered her head once again, with a sense of defeat in her demeanor.  Vienne rose, grabbed ahold of her sister, and then slowly took them both down the hall.
Perhaps drawn by some unseen force, or perhaps just thinking of nothing better to do, Ms.Pembleton began to follow them in silence.  Before reaching the end of the hall, however, she stopped short, as if she had seen something strange on the floor.  Katharyn and Vienne continued, of course, as if they had seen nothing.
What? Ms. Pembleton said, bending her knees to get a better look, Geo?
Indeed, it appeared that Ms. Pembleton had found the small lion toy from her youth resting on the mortuary floor.  The toys head was loosely reattached to its body and tail with thick strands of black yarn.  Its furred body was further frayed around the edges; its blue nose worn even more.  Geo stared lopsidedly through the one remaining button-eye at Ms.Pembleton, who squatted to stare directly at the little lion in return.
Stop and look around you, Miss Pembleton, the button-eye seemed to be saying, see what I am seeing.
But it appeared that Ms. Pembleton did not yet comprehend.
What are you doing here? Ms. Pembleton said, reaching her arms out to pick up Geo.  For a moment, it seemed almost as if bright red roses began to vine out of the walls and floor.  
But before Ms. Pembleton could grab the toy and be overwhelmed by a floral dream, Geos head turned slowly upon its stuffed axis, and refocused its one-button gaze at the couch behind Ms. Pembleton.  This, understandably, shocked our protagonist, and she lost her squatted balance and fell back with her legs splayed, but floating just above the carpeted floor.  No doubt she was surprised to find that a childhood toy, which had clearly meant so much to her and her sister, was not only unexpectedly in the middle of the funeral parlor that was to usher her physical remains into fiery disintegration, but also had inexplicably moved of its own accord.  Nevertheless, as she was most likely becoming increasingly accustomed to the general strangeness around her, she soon regained her composure and turned to follow the gaze of the lion toy, who, in the meantime, had also raised a stubby paw to point in the same direction.
Behind Ms. Pembletonon the couch mere moments ago occupied by her auntwere two young girls of age nine and five, who, upon closer inspection, were conclusively established to be none other than young Alicia and Sarah, our other sisterly duo.  The atmosphere around them had changed, becoming yellow and vibrant; even the couch they were sitting upon seemed newer, cleaner.  Alicia was sitting upright, her legs dangling off of the front.  But she looked tired, her eyes dried out and puffy from a past fit of crying.  Sarah, however, was still going at it.  She rested her head in her sisters lap, sobbing, covering her mouth with her hands as if to hold back the tears which nevertheless streamed down her cherubic face.  Little Alicia attempted to comfort Sarah by running her fingers through her hair.  But all the while, Alicia stared straight ahead, her dry eyes rarely blinking.
Ms. Pembleton seemed to consider this a moment.
I remember this, she said, presumably speaking to Geo, but rising to get a better look.
I do remember this, she continued, this was after aunt Vee picked us up from the Smiths house; after the accident.  We waited in the hall while she spoke with Mr. Branche.
Ms. Pembleton sat next to the mere image of her former self and sister, passing a loving hand over the head of Alicia and gently patting Sarahs feet.  This seemed to subtly soothe the two girls, although they gave no overt indication of having seen or felt her.
Geo we had both their funerals here, Ms. Pembleton said.
Geo, were going to have my funeral here. 
Then, covering her now glistening eyes with her hands, she added:
Sarah, she whispered, Oh God, where is she?
For lack of a better phrase, Ms. Pembleton seems to be finally getting it.

*
Or, perhaps not.
The visage of the two girls faded as Ms. Pembleton slowly rose from the couch and walked over to the entrance to the large parlor across the hall.  Her eyes were glazed over, almost opaque, as if she were being drawn into a dream. 
The parlor seemed to stretch out unbelievably in front of her, expanding with every passing moment.  Wooden benches lined this room like pews facing an altar.  And at the front, a tiny coffin, fit no bigger than for a child, rested on a dais under green leaves and white calla lilies.  The streams of light that cast in through small windows were increasingly becoming clouded, as if some bluish smoke was slowly permeating the room.  
She took a step ahead of her.  Geo ran out and held onto one of her ankles, trying to catch her swiftly drifting attention.  
Dont go.
Ms. Pembleton took another step, drawing her bare spirit feet completely out of the little lions grasp.  We could do nothing but reluctantly follow her.
Each of Ms. Pembletons heavy steps drew her further the darkened room.  Indistinct figures and faces formed through and from the smoke upon the benches, each seeming to come alive and turn blankly towards her as she passed.  A few of the forms were recognizableten-year-old Alicia, Vienne, and in-her-chair-Katharyneach sitting in a row facing the front of the room.  And even though the silence exuding from these figures was almost overwhelming, suddenly, like some great unseen force, a gust of disembodied voices rushed into the room, swirling and buffeting the smoke like hurricane winds.  
Shes a murderous wretch, one voice said, killed everyone shes ever loved!
Shes a failure, said another, destroyed everything that she was supposed to take care of!
We find her negligent, said a third, Reckless even.  She must be punished, one million times!
My daughters dead because of you, said yet another, you worthless child.  Youre going to pay, you monster, every dime!
Worthless, worthless, they all chanted, and soon the whole room reverberated with the song, as each of Ms. Pembletons footsteps brought her closer to the coffin, her movement slower and more deliberate as she moved further into the room.  
And just as she reached the little casket at the front of the room, it began to open, as if being pushed from inside.  The calla lilies slipped off the back, their petals striking the floor with a thunderous sound.  A small blue and partially decomposed hand reached out from inside.  It was followed by the rest of a child, or at least what was left of the rest of the child, who turned, swollen and purple, to look at Ms. Pembleton with cold, dead eyes.
No, Ms. Pembleton said, taken aback, No, you cant be here!
The dead child grabbed Ms. Pembletons arm, pulling her towards the casket.
No! Sarah! Ms. Pembleton screamed, obviously frightened, but oddly not struggling to free herself of the dead childs grasp.  
The ghoul pulled at Ms. Pembleton.
It pulled.
It pulled at her with what seemed to be a mass of arms until she was sucked head-first into the casket.  And Ms. Pembleton fell down, down into darkness.  And the image of the child disappeared, leaving Ms. Pembleton alone in the wide and empty black.
It was almost as if she were trapped, tumbling within an immense tarp floating in dirty water.  And for a moment, for just a moment it seemed as if Ms. Pembleton was not going to struggle.  For a moment, it seemed as if she would allow herself to float in this watery abyss forever; to allow the disjointed parts that had heretofore comprised her spirit to disintegrate into nothingness, regret and the memory of loss the last breath exuding from her ethereal lips.  And maybe she would have been content to remain forever in this state of unconsciousness, this state of eternal non-being.  And maybe, just maybe, you can entirely empathize with that feeling.  

*
We must let Ms. Pembleton float in her watery oblivion for a moment.  After all, she could very well float down there forever, were it not for mercy.  But for mercy, she would be nothing.  She would die, dissolve, and be no more.  But, being what we are, we must offer a hand of clemency to our poor drowning Alicia; a figurative and literal hand, which will be offered presently.
And so, like a great hole had been torn in the black tarp covering this world, a ray of light from above shot out through the dark water.  And through this light descended a bright golden hand; a hand which Ms. Pembleton, in her near-stupor, seemed to consider. Indeed, she seemed to weigh the hand.  And just when we might wonder whether she will choose to stay in this world of hopelessness forever, Ms. Pembleton reached out and grabbed onto the hand.  And she was pulled right through the darkness, and into a world of light.



Chapter 3

Ms. Pembleton was lifted into a world of illumination.  And for a moment the light must have blinded her.  Blinded her and perhaps consoled her, for she kept her eyes squeezed closed as she tightly hugged onto the fluffy white belly of what appeared to be a gigantic stuffed toy.  It was, as you may have guessed, the belly of the little lion toy that Ms.Pembleton affectionately called Geo; although the plaything was certainly much larger, and perhaps a little cleaner, than before.  And the white lion held her back against its fuzzy heart with now gargantuan paws.  And for a long while, Ms. Pembleton held on, putting her pieces back together.  And she must have somehow recognized that it was Geo in which she was enveloped, for even though her eyes remained closed, and she began to reminisce and ramble:
Did you know, Geo? I remember when Daddy gave you to us.  It was my fifth birthday.  The thirteenth was a Monday that year, but we had the party the weekend before.  And I remember we had ice-cream and cake in the little rose garden outside, and he gave you to me as my present.  I named you Gus Octaviuswhich was a total misreading of the chubby mouse in Cinderella being the one who pulled out the thornbut I was five, what was I to know?  So Dad said we should call you Geo for short, and the name stuckit was, it was like the name was perfect.  And I loved saying itGeo, Geoeven though I gave you to Sarah, we would both spend hours singing it when we were playing, imagining the worlds that you would explore.  
Could it be that there flashed a slight smile on Ms. Pimbletons lips as she said this?  We cannot tell.  It was rather fleeting.  And she soon continued, furrowing her slowly forming brow:
They gave you to me the same day that they brought home Sarah.  Thats also why I remember it so clearly.  I didnt know I was going to have a sister.  They brought her home, with her tinker bell laugh, balloon cheeks and bright eyes.  Everyone just adored her the minute they saw her.  I think Dad gave you to me so I wouldnt be upset; so I wouldnt be jealous when they brought her home.  But even then I was happy to have a sister.  I just loved her right away, right at the first moment I saw hershe was my little doll, my little play toy, my little sister.  Someone I could torture and spoil.  Someone that I could guide and take care of.  And despite what I did, I really loved her.
At this, a single tear fell from the side of one eye.
Geo, I loved her so much.  And I totally failed her.
She became quiet then, clearly introspective, thinking thoughts that were her own.  But soon enough she seemed to rouse, shaking her head, as if some switch had been flipped inside, allowing her to recognize the absurdity of her situationnamely, resting in the folds of the giant arms of her favorite childhood stuffed toy.  
She looked up at the giant lion toy, and said, Who are you? while letting go ever so slightly of her death-like grip.
The giant toy looked down at the young spirit with its one-button eye and smiled a threaded smilea welcoming, encouraging smile meant to inspire trust and resignation.  
Ms.Pembleton looked into that button eye for a long moment and added:
Youre not really Geo, are you?
Yes I am.
The toy looked at her.
And, no, Im not.  
This time she must have clearly understood.  She let go entirely and pushed herself up uneasily to float on her own feet, quickly taking in her surroundings, and finding herself currently in that rose garden she had describedthe one from her youth, just outside her childhood home:  Large red rose bushes hedged by a startlingly white fence embracing a lush green lawn and red brick patio sitting by a small pool filled with bright blue liquid.  A small bench swung in one corner near a wood-sided house, just opposite to where Geo was sitting.  A set of white-painted wooden stairs led to a patio entrance into the home.  And all these surroundings seem to move and dance in a smooth breeze, a breeze which seemed to carry the slight tinkle of childrens laughter and joy; a breeze which no one present could actually feel or enjoy.
Ms. Pembleton floated over to the slightly creaking wooden swing and sat down, turning towards the toy.
If youre not really Geo, then who are you?
This, of course, was a direct question, which called for a direct answer:
A psychopomp.
A psycho what?!? she said, rising slightly from the wooden swing.
pomp. 
The lion toy made a settling motion.
But you may just call me Geo, Miss Pembleton. Gee-Oh, for Guiding One.
Ms. Pembleton seemed to consider this quietly, slowly sitting down again.
After a few moments, she asked in a contemplative tone:  So, Geo, why are you here?
Well, obviously, I am here to help.
To which she quickly added: 
Help me do what?
Choose.
The toy spread its stubby arms in a motion of offering.  The paws, however, were empty.  Or, at least they appeared to be so.
Ms. Pembleton looked at the lion toy quizzically, choose what?
Why life.  Or death, of course.
What do you mean? Am I not dead? she asked.
Yes.
Well, how can I choose life, if I am already dead? she continued, missing the ambiguous negative.
The white lion smiled its thread-bare smile at Ms. Pembleton, not stating anything further.
Ms. Pembleton seemed rather frustrated at this last exchange, even going so far as to bring forth an ill-placed and forceful, Well?, when no response was forthcoming.  But as perhaps enough had been said, if she had truly listened, nothing further was added.
Nevertheless, the loaded silence of the toy appeared obviously unacceptable to Ms.Pembleton, as she had apparently decided by now to be more persistent and soon tried a different approach: 
Well, if youre not going to explain, why should I believe you?  After all, this might be all a dream.  How do I know that this is all really happening?
Im not going to be able to prove it to you, Miss Pembleton.  You must decide.  But I will say this:  I hope you make that decision by your heart and mindand not by the rotting mound of flesh you seem so keen to house yourself in.
Ms. Pembleton seemed to weigh her next statement very carefully, as if she had a pressing question that she was figuratively dying to ask, but hesitant raise.  No doubt you could imagine more than a few questions that might be pertinent to her present existence, and answers to which would no doubt be most welcome at this point.
Thus you may be disappointed, as Ms. Pembletons next line of inquiry did not deal with the existence of the soul or the general purpose of life, and instead bore directly upon the form sitting presently in front of her.  In other words, she wanted to know why she was looking at a toy, rather than some archangel or other modern stereotype.  It was suggested that she had in fact chosen to see the toy, as this was the form least shocking to her, after which she affirmed a desire to see some sort of alteration in Geos appearance.  And so, per her wishes and expectations, the toy transformed into an awe-inspiring, if rather clichd, form.
To wit: an anthropomorphic representation of the point of severance between the soul and the body.
Or Angel of Death in laymans terms.
Now, Death is not the mysterious cloaked figure of bone and sinew, as oft fictionalized.  No, it is glorious youth of golden skin and pale-amethyst eyes, which would give way to a galaxy of stars, if one were to peer deeply inside.  Its face is statuesque; its body elegant and sculpted.  The prototypical black robe is one of pure obsidian, concealing sweeping wings of infinite color.  The long scythe so grimly associated with its kind is instead a rod of justice.  And from its being radiates a halo of unconditional love and beauty to which even the most jaded souls are unconsciously drawn.
And so, what arose before Ms. Pembleton from the remnants of the lion toy, in the middle of a marvelous micro-storm, can only modestly be described as being of an exquisite nature and unnatural beauty.  All and all, it was rather a good show.  
And I would like to say that Ms. Pembleton was appropriately impressed by this magnificent demonstration.  But what constituted her spirit-form was such a metamorphosing mess at this point, that it was hard to tell.
Moreover, I hope you will agree that her next query was a tad disappointing in light of this utterly amazing transformation:
Are you the devil?
What?!?
The Angel of Death lowered its wings in a manner which suggested deflated pride and broken vainglory.
Well, if Im dead, then this must be hell, said Ms.Pembleton.
Not exactly, was the response, which perhaps sidestepped deeper meanings.
At least, not yet.
So, if youre not the devil, are you God, then? she asked.
No.
So, there is no God, then?
No.
So, there is a God, then?  
There was no simple response to this question.
Death looked at her.  Some might say, Death looked at her meaningfully.
Ms. Pembleton again seemed quite frustrated with this lack of response (or, at least, lack of what she considered to be a satisfactory response), but it soon became obvious that she had assumed this silence to be affirmation, for she said:
Well, thats just fine.  You dont have to answer. I just couldntI just cant believe it.  I just cant believe in a God that would allow such terrible things to happen.  To let people die and despair and laugh as all their hopes are destroyed.  How can I choose to believe in that?  Some fat patriarch in the sky playing with people like they were toy soldiers?
The Angel of Death called Geo continued to stare at Ms. Pembleton with great concern, but as nothing else was overtly communicated, Ms. Pembleton pressed on, uninterrupted:
 What kind of messed up God is that? I mean, what did I do to deserve this?  What did my father do?  What did my sister do?  And now shes trapped forever in some kind of nightmare? Why?  Tell me what kind of sick God would do that?
Ms. Pembleton was quite assertive in this last statement.  Indeed, if her body had not been crushed under the wheels of Ricky Cordigans overpriced and oversized vehicle, her breath undoubtedly could have been described as heaving.  But in any case, her emotions were apparent in her entire spiritual physique, as if her anger at a deity that she had denied out of sorrow and vengeance was tearing apart what little cohesion she had left.  And even the roses around her started to wilt and smolder, as if the world were disintegrating under some great pressure and heat.
Perhaps you would agree that Ms. Pembletons last statement betrayed many misconceptions; Perhaps not.  But in any case, it is clear Ms.Pembleton was quite too angry and disoriented to listen to a lengthy exposition on pain and suffering, or reality and existence, and so we will have to be satisfied with the following response, at least for the time being:
She is not trapped.
Ms. Pembleton still seemed too upset to comprehensibly reply to this last assertion.  She went on complaining like this for quite some time, as the world wilted and smoldered around her, until she could no longer speak because of crying.  
It started raining then, great drops that pounded and splashed where they hit.  Ms.Pembleton curled up into a little ball on the wooden swing, her head becoming tangled in her arms again.
You can be happy, Miss Pembleton, if only you would choose.
She did not immediately respond to this last statement, and so it was offered again.  Without releasing her head, and with tears falling from her eyes, she said:
No, I dont believe you.  Happiness has been stolen away from me.  Any joy I possessed drowned long agoyour God saw to that.  And now I am nothing but a husk, filled only with loneliness and regret.
No doubt you can imagine the tone of this last statement.  A description of 'bitter hopelessness might suffice.  Considering what we have already witnessed, one may argue that there is some justification to Ms. Pembletons despondency.  Indeed, the last few pages have bore witness to at least some of Ms. Pembletons difficulties, as odd and skewed and unreliable as they are.  And yet, some would argue that her pain is no more than what others have borne and endured, with smiles upon their bloodied faces.  Indeed, having had the fortune to be raised in a Western industrialized country (which will otherwise remain unidentified), Ms. Pembleton had lived a life of relative ease and comfort; and it would seem that she was being a bit selfish in focusing upon her suffering, to the exclusion of everything else.
Now I do not believe you, my dear Miss Pembleton.
Ms. Pembletons face was still covered, obscuring any reaction.
After all, you were the one who grabbed my hand.  
The rain had extinguished the smoldering flames that were destroying the world.
I wish you would trust me, Miss Pembleton. I am your friend.
And with that, the Angel of Death faded from her sight.

*
Ms. Pembleton remained sitting on the wooden bench, head down and crying, long after the Angel of Death had vanished.  And as she sat, the world slowly dried out again.  The sky remained gray and overcast.  Every bright color around Ms. Pembleton became subdued and faded.  The wooden bench, once so newly painted, became weather-worn, chipped, and tattered.  The patio steps, too, slowly elongated, transforming into a half-broken ramp precariously leaning off the side of the dried up old house.  The beautiful rose bushes became masses of thorns; twisted and mostly flowerless.  And the green grass that had once brought such freshness and vivacity to the little garden grew long and desperately in need of a drink of water.  The bright blue water was hastily filled in with cracked, gray cement.  
Once again, it was unclear whether Ms. Pembleton was overtly aware of these alterations.  She probably felt too sorry for herself to even notice the change, sitting on the beaten wooden bench, with her head down, and not moving.  But at least it seemed she had stopped crying.
And thus the world persisted, until a tortured shriek from the patio door announced the arrival of material life.  Vienne and Katharyn, dressed in their relative finest, slid from the house, down the rickety ramp, and into the dilapidated garden.  Ms.Pembleton raised her head slowly to watch as they landed.  Vienne was carrying what appeared to be a small metal vase in the palms of her gloved hands.  She walked like a herald bearing a royal message all the way across the lawn and patio, halting just before she became entangled in the thorns hedging the garden.  Katharyn came to the end of the ramp and stopped shortly thereafter, sitting quietly behind Vienne, slumped down in her chair, with her hands clasped tightly around a small frame.
In overly exaggerated movements, Vienne raised the small vase above her head, as if offering its currently unknown contents to the sky.  Closing her eyes, she began to intone some improvised verses about a beloved daughter and a return to earth.  Still holding the metal vase aloft, she spun around once, her skirt dancing in the breeze.  She then brought the vase down, kneeled, and, opening the lid, poured out its contents under a thorny rose bush.  The contents were gray, ashen, almost the consistency of fine sand, some of which was lifted and carried off by the breeze, most of which fell upon the dirt.  A small handful of the vases contents still remained inside the container, but it seemed that Vienne did not notice this.  Rather, mixing the ashes that had landed with the soil, she said:
Goodbye Allie, honey.  May you find rest.
Ms.Pembleton had heretofore watched these events with an air of indifference; a sort of cool apathy which suggested that she was too caught up in her own misery to really care about what she was observing.  But her whole spirit-body shook as soon as her aunt said these words.  She rose quickly from the decayed wooden bench, and the air became filled with clouds, little particles of sand and ash raining down upon her from a now completely obscured sky.  Ms. Pembleton wiped at the ash that fell upon her, spreading what landed in a streak upon her form.  She quietly exclaimed, examining the grainy residue and voicing doubt and wonder as to its existence.
But even though Vienne and Katharyn had remained in the rose garden during this dry rain, they were altogether unaffected.  Their breath did not blow the ashes, and not a bit landed upon them.  They seemed completely unaware of this marvel:  Vienne was humming and making various hand gestures above the dirt; Katharyn was still slouched over and holding onto the small frame.
Ms.Pembleton had apparently risen far enough out of her current spiritual hole to finally become curious about the metal vase that Vienne was holding.  She slowly floated over and bent down next to her aunt, examining the vase.  And, of course, she should not have been surprised to find that her own name, Alicia Katharyn Pembleton, was engraved on the side of it.  The urn which carried Ms. Pembletons cremated remains also had a loving inscription and two dates, both ending in the same month, with a great difference in years, but few in days.
As if unconsciously triggered by her nieces ghostly presence, Vienne stood up uncomfortably and turned around towards her sister, saying:
Well, Kate, I believe today was one of the most beautiful services I have ever attended.
Oh f- iddlesticks! said Ms. Pembleton, using a more vulgar term which for the sake of modesty will not be repeated here, I missed my own funeral.
It was beautiful, Katharyn agreed in a thin voice, looking down at the picture in her hands.  Ms. Pembleton could have seen that it was a childhood picture of her and Sarah, if she had looked closely.  But it was unlikely that she had.
That Mr. Branche certainly knows what he is doing.  Such beautiful flowers and music; and oh my, she had so many friends.  Vienne continued.
And now I dont even know who came to my funeral! Ms. Pembleton said, stating the obvious.
Yes, Katharyn quietly responded.
And dont you think that Misses Smith and the girls put together a magnificent feast? Vienne said.
Katharyn did not respond to this, but seemed to shrink even further into her chair.  Ms. Pembleton must not have cared much about the food either, as she, too, remained silent.
Receiving no response, Vienne nevertheless continued:
And oh my, there are so many leftover dishes.  I think it is going to take us a week to get through just the pie alone.
The silence continued.
You know, I think I might go inside and have a bite now, Vienne said, moving towards the patio door, Kate, you come inside, too.
Katharyn did not look up or respond to her sister.  Vienne walked towards the house, the metal vase still in her hands.
But just as Vienne was halfway up the little decrepit ramp, Katharyn said:
Give me the urn.
Vienne stopped short, but did not immediately turn around.
Give me the urn, Vienne, Katharyn said again.
And then more forcefully, Give me Alicia.
For a moment, the sky seemed to clear as Ms.Pembleton paid closer attention to this quiet battle.
Vienne turned on her heel and walked over to Katharyn, putting the urn curtly down in her lap.  She immediately turned back and walked up the ramp, opening the patio door with a loud screech.  But she paused before fully entering the house, and without turning towards her sister, said:
You know, Katharyn, you should really get one of the neighborhood boys to come out and clean this place up.  It looks like hell done over.
And with that, she went inside, letting the tormented patio door shut smartly behind her.
Katharyn sat quietly in the rose garden for a few minutes with the urn in her lap.  Ms. Pembleton, too, stood silently, watching her mother and hopefully contemplating what she had just witnessed.  It was not clear, however, whether she noticed that Katharyns breath had become shallow, as if she were holding it in an expression (or repression) of some sort of emotion.  Soon enough, Katharyn let out a long sigh, slowly turned and wheeled back up the ramp, and Ms.Pembleton turned from her mother and toward the pile of soil and ashes underneath the thorny bush.  Katharyn disappeared.  The sky darkened even more, and gray ash fell once again upon the world.

*
Ms. Pembleton hesitated as the world transitioned around her.  She stood looking at the soil where what once was her human body and now cremains were mixed in under a thorny rose bush; a bush that was now only a dried out memory of days when Ms.Pembleton was yet untested.  She awkwardly seated herself under the plantits thorns and branches passing right through her ghostly formand tried to nestle into the dirt as she had once nestled into her body.  And there she sat, passive, once again.
It may have become clear by now that Ms. Pembletons spirit has been exhibiting a sort of strange fascination with her physical remains.  Death had come quicklyalthough perhaps not entirely unexpectedlyupon her; and when a soul, such as Ms. Pembleton, has focused upon the more material aspects of life, the attachment can be quite acute.  
Indeed, when an individual has conceived of their existence entirely through the material realmsuch as what they desire, what they like or dislike, how they look or feel, or even how they satisfy their basic daily needsthey often find separation from physical life quite challenging.  It is almost as if they had spent their life in a cave, staring at shadows cast upon a thin curtain; a veil that obscures the light from worlds beyond.  They have defined their existence and themselves by those shadows, and cannot even conceive of life outside.  And once that veil is removedwrest away and burned to only dust and ashesthey can become blinded by the newly obscured light.  It can be difficult to redefine life, in the afterlife.  Many a soul, when confronted with the worlds beyond, has crept back into its cave, covering itself in the grime, and forming veils and shadow puppets out of mere fancy and imagination.  But othersothers make it out into the light.  They crawl from the pit of self and learn to live again.  They glory in their new surroundings, journeying out to heretofore inconceivable horizons.  And they wonder at the many days they wasted in the darkness, staring at shadows, and ignoring the light.
Metaphorically speaking, of course.  But in any case, it is likely that you have heard this all before.  At least, one would hope that at least some of it feels vaguely familiar.
So perhaps we can now better understand why Ms. Pembleton seemed so intent on settling into her mortal remains, as if she were a child wrapping herself in a security blanket.  For now that her body had been burned and ground into particles, and the majority of it spread out in her mothers garden (the larger bits also discarded by Mr. Branches excellent crematorial services), her soul was trying to cover itself in cave grime.  
Ms. Pembleton apparently did not find this new hole quite as comfortable as her old flesh casing.  For although she remained sitting, her form began to twitch, and her appearance was so malleable and changing, that it was clear that the recent events had had quite an effect on her.  At least, one would hope that they had.
But still, she remained sitting.
And so she may have always been, if there had not been some sort of an intervention from above.  To her fortune, there was.  For soon, what appeared to be a long feather slowly descended from the sky, dancing in a wind, and landed lightly in Ms. Pembletons lap.  She daintily picked the plume up and rolled it between her fingers.  The feather glinted in the low light like crystal as she twirled it around, revealing an endless rainbow of colors sparkling out from the outwardly black vane.  The feather's shine seemed to fascinate Ms.Pembleton, as if every truth was hidden within its depths and could be unraveled if she just concentrated hard enough.  And as she looked and pondered, it was as if she was becoming more fully formed together.  As if her abstract shape had finally taken on some meaning in its pieces.
And with the feather grasped in her fingers, she said:
 Well, thats just fine.
And again, Fine.
 But its completely ridiculous. Completely, absolutely, utterly, incontrovertibly ridiculous.  None of this makes sense.  Absolutely none of it.  And I dont know where I am or why any of this is happening.  
And after another contemplative moment, she continued, And I may not know what is going on, but I do know one thing.  Im not going to let her be taken away from me again.  If she is here, I am going to find her.  You cant keep her away from me.  And maybe we can at least be together, in this dream that makes no sense.
She lifted up the feather, and said:
So if youre a Guiding One, Geo, guide me then.  Take me to her.
She slowly stood up, continuing: Geo, if youre my friend, take me to my sister.
Ms.Pembleton placed the feather upon her chest.  Or rather, she placed the feather within her chest, as her spirit essence seemed to swallow the feather as soon as she placed it near her form.  Death's feather was melded into her, becoming suspended inside as if floating in a gelatinous mass.  And there it lay, pulsing in bright bursts of color.  And so it appeared that Ms.Pembleton has a new found heart; a new found purpose in the afterlife:  Reunion.



Chapter 4

Ms.Pembleton floated straight up the rickety ramp and through the porch door.  But unlike her recent experience of being transported in such manner to another horizon, she merely walked into the present-day living room of her mothers house.  Vienne could be seen through an open doorway to the kitchen daintily serving herself a piece of pie.  Katharyn sat just beyond the patio door leading into the living room, looking as if she had just entered. The falling ash, at least, had remained outside, and Ms. Pembletons spirit appeared rather clean and well-formed, considering what she was moments before.
However, Ms. Pembleton did seem rather put out that her perhaps direct attempt to walk into another world had not immediately succeeded.  For quite some time she moved hurriedly between rooms, walking through walls and calling for her sister.  She entered her mothers bedroom, another room with two empty beds and a few cardboard boxes, a bathroom, and the small kitchen, which we may remember from a previous episode, and where Vienne was now sliding bites of pie into her mouth while sitting at the small Formica tabletop.  But, in spite of her frantic movement, Ms.Pembleton was not transported.  She remained in the now-aged house, with her mother and aunt, utterly unacknowledged.
In the meantime, Katharyn wheeled herself over to the corner of the living room, the urn and picture still resting in her lap.  She placed the urn on a wooden side table; the framed picture of Sarah and Alicia was placed beside.  On this side table also lay a large, leather bound book; a book in which some truth may have been found, if one to were look inside.  This, Katharyn picked up, and sat for a long while staring at the cover, slowly tracing her fingers over a symbol there imprinted.
Ms.Pembleton, on the other hand, finally came to rest in the middle of the living room after a desperate search for her sister.  She looked around and let out what was most likely a groan of frustration.  
Come on, she said, take me to her.
Ms. Pembleton might have then taken a deep breath, if she were, in fact, breathing.  As it was, she closed her eyes, clenched her fists, and repeated her sisters name over and over, as if it were a mantra, obviously hoping that this would take her somewhere.  After a few moments she opened her eyes to find that nothing had changed.  She nevertheless tried again, squeezing her eyelids even tighter and repeating, Sarah, take me to Sarah, more forcefully.
Ms.Pembleton was not taken anywhere, however, at least not in terms of her surroundings.  Instead, the television flipped on, its synthetic tunes slicing into the otherwise quiet of the living room.  Ms. Pembleton sought to see whether Katharyn or perhaps Vienne had turned it on, but she need not have bothered; the fact that the television programin the form of an overdramatized afternoon specialstarred none other than her own teen-aged self was enough to firmly prove that this show was not so much produced, as emanated.
Television-Alicia stood in the middle of the living room, staring towards what would have been the camera, mirroring Ms. Pembleton, who watched from the other side.  She was in the process of packing a large cardboard box with various trifles, and the number of suitcases and other packages surrounding her suggested that she was departing for a significant trip.  Television-Katharyn rolled into the room shortly after.  She looked perhaps ten or eleven years younger.
Well, Allie, television-Katharyn said, So youre ready to go then?
No thanks to you, television-Alicia said.  Her statement was followed by a bout of canned-laughter from an unknown and unseen source.
Television-Katharyn did not respond to this, and so Alicia continued packing while very clichd mood music played on.
I want to give you something before you go, telly-Katharyn finally said.
If its another one of your religious lectures I dont want it, telly-Alicia said, turning around while an unknown audience clapped in encouragement.  She soon saw, however, that Katharyn was not offering a sermon, but rather a white envelope.  Alicia took this from her and ripped it open.
 What is this?
After the accident I made arrangements for some of the settlement money to be put in a fund for you, Katharyn said, It was supposed to be available when you turned twenty-five, but since youre heading off to school now, I made arrangements for the trust to be dissolved and the money just put in an account with your name on it, so you can use it for your studies.  Thats the account information.
Thanks, television-Alicia said, for giving me my money, I guess.
The unseen audience clapped.
I wish I could give more to you, Katharyn said.
Well, its a little too late for that, Alicia countered, the canned-laughter resounding once again, Honestly, living with you has been like living with a dead person.  Youre as cold as a corpse sometimes, Mom.
Katharyn looked down but did not say anything.  Alicia returned to her packing.
You know, youre the one whos always talking about God and love and everything, but neither God nor you have shown much love to me, Alicia said, Im happy to be leaving.  Im happy that I get to go and study and maybe make this world a better place where kids can find a love thats real; a love thats genuinely shown and not just talked about.  The unseen audience cheered.
Allie, said Katharyn, I do love you.  And God loves you too.
Alicia laughed, and the audience jeered with her: Yeah, you love me like God loves our family.  He certainly did nothing to help you.  Or Sarah.  Or Dad.  Or me.  If thats the kind of God you believe in, then I dont think He exists.
 Dont say that, Alicia.  Maybe we dont understand His ways.  But He exists.
Youre delusional, television-Alicia said, and the audience hooted hysterically, I dont want to talk about this anymore.  Aunt Vee will be here any moment to pick me up and I need to finish packing.
Okay, television-Katharyn said, maneuvering back down the living room hallway, Ill pray for you, honey.
Television Alicia rolled her eyes as the screen faded to black, the unseen audience laughing and clapping all the while.  

*
Ms. Pembleton had been transfixed by the show throughout its run.  Her reverie was rudely interrupted, however, when the leather-bound book came a flying through her ghostly form.  The book crashed against the opposite wall.  Turning around in surprise, Ms.Pembleton discovered that her mother was the culprit; Katharyns arm was still partially extended from the projectiles release.
But she soon withdrew her arm, slumped over in her chair, and covered her eyes with her hands.  Her mouth was open, but otherwise not making a sound.
Ms.Pembleton went over to the book, and although she could not pick up or move the object, she was undoubtedly at least superficially aware of its contents.
Vienne, too, was summoned out of the kitchen by the sound of the projectile, leaving her half-eaten pie piece on the Formica table.  She also moved towards the book, crouching down to examine it with perhaps the same level of awareness as her niece, but was for obvious reasons more effective in picking it up and straightening out its pages.  She placed it upon a small coffee table, and said:
Now, Kate, why would you go and do that for?
Katharyn did not respond to this.
So, Kate, Vienne said once again.  And receiving no immediate response, Vienne called her name a third time.
Katharyn whispered, her eyes still covered with her hands:  Vienne, would you just leave, already?
Are you crazy? was her response, the tact and merit of which shall not be commented upon.
Just leave.
Vienne stared at her sister a moment.  Standing up, she said Fine, curtly gathered her large purse, and stomped down the hall to the front door.  She slammed herself out with enough force to rattle the entire house.
Ms.Pembleton quickly ran after her aunt, yelling, Aunt Vee, wait! I am coming with you! 
Unbounded by walls, her foot went straight through the recently abused front door.  But instead of carrying her forward through the front exit, as she had no doubt hoped, Ms.Pembletons outstretched feet passed right back through to the back doorthe door to which she had first enteredand she landed, once again, in the living room.  And when there, she expressed in no uncertain terms her displeasure at finding herself in her mothers home again.  She tried several more times to run through the front door in pursuit of Vienne.  But each time, much to her dismay and consternation, she was transported directly back into her mothers home, at the exact same time in which she had left.
Come on! she exclaimed in clear frustration, Let me out!
After perhaps reflecting on this phenomena for a moment, and remembering her own incorporeality, Ms.Pembleton cleverly tried to pass through other areas of the house, such as walking through walls instead of doors.  But try as she might, her efforts led only back inside the living room, directly in front of the patio door.  She ultimately came to a stop and flop on the living room couch, unhappily concluding that she was caught in a loop, trapped in the house with only her mother and perhaps other unwanted household pests for company.
Katharyn was fortunately unaware of her daughters unflattering analogy.  She was still slumped over in an intense mourning that was perhaps obvious to all save Ms.Pembleton.  And in many ways Katharyn must have felt as trapped in that house as her daughter. 
And so for a while the two women sat in the living room, both oblivious to each other; both, in their own way, fermenting in emotions. 
 
*
Katharyn eventually left the room, slowly moving to her own bedroom down the hall to undress, dress, lift herself out of her chair, collapse into bed, lie down and finally rest.  Ms.Pembleton did not watch her mother depart; she remained sitting on the couch, staring forward and not deigning to acknowledge the movements of the woman who had borne and nursed her young body.
Nevertheless, it seemed like she was aware of this change, for immediately after the mattress in her mothers bedroom creaked, Ms.Pembleton raised her hand and reached right through her chest, rummaging around as if searching for something.  She soon grasped and pulled out the incandescent feather, which seemed even more beautiful after its short rest in the fabric of her spirits chest.  She held the feather before her, and closing her eyes, repeated her sisters name.  But to her obvious disappointment, she moved no further.  She still remained sitting upon her mothers couch, in her mothers living room, with her mother resting in an adjacent room.  And the bright black feather continued to shine on, goading her with its light.
Loosening into a form reminiscent of disgust, she crumpled the feather in her fingers, extinguishing much of its otherworldly light.  And as she crushed the feather, a thick dark red ink began to seep out onto her fingers.  She noticed this with disgust and cast the feather away from her.  But whether it was because it was made of pure spirit and symbolism, or because its brokenhearted form now lacked aero-dynamism, the weeping feather did not travel very far, but instead floated gently down until it landed on her mothers leather bound book upon the coffee table.  And there it lay, seeping into the pages.

*
There the wantonly flung feather rested on Katharyns leather bound book, its red tears now dripping onto the floor.  And there it lay, crushed and bleeding, until a small furry grey lion toy appeared from what must have appeared to be a haze of smoke.  And there it lay, broken and discarded, until the lion reached out and daintily picked it up with its fuzzy paw-like fingers.  
Giving up so soon, Miss Pembleton?  
Geo tried to straighten the crumpled feather.  It had stopped bleeding, but very little of its once-glorious incandescent light shone, as if hiding its beauty under a shroud of pain and rejection.
I wonder, why am I so easily discarded?
The toy gazed at Ms. Pembleton, a look of sadness and confusion emanating from its one button eye.
 Because she began, Because, you are not my friend.
Geo placed the only slightly straightened feather back on the coffee table, which was just tall enough to reach the bottom of the toys furry little chin.  That chin noticeably had a small patch of synthetic fur missing, revealing the fabric underneath.
Im sorry to hear that, Miss Pembleton, for I am a better friend to you than you know.
Bull-something! What kind of friend are you? was her immediate reply, to which she soon added, If you are my friend, then why the hell am I stuck here?  I told you to take me to Sarah, and instead you trap me in this house with her!  This last statement was made with a tone of no uncertain resentment and reprehension.   
The lion toy stared blankly through its button-eye.  But she continued, almost raving:
I dont need your help.  Your f-litting feather is useless to me, Geo.  Just like your God!
Geo crossed his arms.
I am getting impatient, Miss Pembleton.
Good.  Maybe then youll do your job!
Rather impatient. But because I am your friend, Ill put it plainly: you are ignorant.
This did not go over well.
Screw you, was Ms. Pembletons charming response, Youre the idiot, you worn out, brainless, insignificant fuzzball!  I received a Masters of Social Work, with honors, from the best university in the Country!  Who the hell are you to be calling me ignorant?
Geo suddenly grew to new heights, stretching the toys limbs until it stood over six feet tall.  
I am well aware of your academic achievements, Miss Pembleton.  For which I commend you. But when it comes to this world, my dear, you havent even learned how to tie your shoes.
Again, this was not well accepted by Ms.Pembleton.  She turned her head away from Geo, doing her best to show cool disinterest, but was nonetheless clearly still attentive and fuming.
You thought you were so intelligent, denying the existence of the spiritual world, apparently raising yourself above the opiate of the masses.  But did you ever even think that there could be something that was beyond your limited comprehension?  Did you actually believe that the limits of that piece of flesh you call your brain could know and understand everything?  You must be ignorant; or perhaps just conceited.
Ms.Pembleton stood up and moved into the kitchen, undoubtedly in an attempt to avoid further discussion.  But as you can no doubt surmise, her attempt at retreat was futile.  For, in the left hand corner of the room, from what must have appeared to be a haze of transparent smoke, the now six-foot lion toy was there to greet her.
Where do you think youre going, Miss Pembleton?
Getting away from you!
It is fortunate, Miss Pembleton, that this is not something you are going to be able to do.  And really, considering what I offer, you shouldnt want to.
Why the hell should I want to listen to you? she replied, Youre just a figment of my imaginationsome dogmatic junk in my subconscious that Im using to torture myself!
Ah, your dream hypothesis.  I must say, Miss Pembleton, for someone who was so conscious of her death, you certainly are doing your best to ignore it.
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
Do you really wish for me to explain it?
Geo stared at Ms. Pembleton pointedly.  This glance must have been different, however, as it was much more successful than previous glances containing similar, albeit substantively different, meanings.  For this glance actually succeeded in its intended effect:  namely, Ms. Pembleton conceded, as if coming to the shameful realization of an unspoken point.  And, with her head down, she slowly shuffled her spirit feet and sat down on a chair before the now familiar Formica table.  
A few flies had begun to circle the plate of half-eaten plate of pie that Vienne had left in her hasty exit.  Perhaps unconsciously, Ms. Pembleton tried to shoo them away from the dish with her hand.  But of course, the flies ignored her, and continued doing what flies are wont to do.
Finally, after a long moment of mainly mental and muscidael buzzing, she said, Geo, okay, so say that you are my friend, just assuming.  Then, why wont you lead me to Sarah?  If Im deadand Im not admitting that I ambut if I am dead, then why wont you help me find her?
My dear Miss Pembleton, you obviously dont understand; this is exactly what we are trying to do.  
This last statement seemed to have had a great effect on Ms. Pembleton, as she slowly wiped a spectral tear from her eye: That cant be.
But it is.
Then how? Why am I stuck here? What am I supposed to do?
You must follow the path before you.
What do you mean?  I dont see any path.  All I see is me, trapped in a house I hate, caged in by walls I loathe.  What kind of path goes nowhere?
The lion toy cocked its head, in a hopeful gesture which conveyed that Ms.Pembleton should perhaps come up with her own answer.
Well? she said, obviously not accepting the nonverbal cue.
And so, think, was the further prompt.
What do you mean, think?  What kind of advice is that?
Very good advice, if you would listen to it.
Ms.Pembleton crossed her arms, You know, for a supposedly loving shepherd, you are rather snide.
Shrinking to its normal size, the toy shrugged its shoulders, as if to say deal with it.
Fine. Okay, Ms.Pembleton said, looking at the toy, Ill think about it.
And she did.

*
Well, at least we can be relatively certain that she did.  For, as Ms.Pembleton continued to sit at the Formica table (her arms and now legs crossed, the tips of her toes quivering in a certain agitated rhythm) she began to mumble in a catharsis just loud enough for the little lion toy to possibly hear.  The little guider of souls currently known as Geo, however, did not appear to pay attention to Ms.Pembletons rambled reasoning, instead preferring to lift its stubbly legs upwards by supporting its cloth body by its frayed tail, and play with a disturbance in the air that both surrounded and seemed to flow out of it.
Geos show of indifference was, of course, just a show.  And so, we could clearly hear Ms.Pembleton as she thought through her current state.  She began with a summary analysis of the journey that she had thus takenbeginning and ending with the kitchen her spirit currently floated inwhich, in the interest of brevity, will not be fully repeated here.  Suffice it to say, we can safely assume that this reflection had at least some of its intended effect, and in conclusion Ms.Pembleton deduced that, in her path up until just now, she had gone through images or memories of the past; memories rather altered from reality, but nonetheless containing some truth; images which somehow seeped into events commencing with her death.
She, of course, safely qualified this last conclusion by indicating that these images were merely interweaving with what her sleeping brain dreamed would be the real-world events taking place after her death, if there was an afterlife, that is.
Ms.Pembleton then posited that, although or perhaps even since these memories exaggerated, warped, and mildly incorrect, then, just possibly, they may be designed to bring out certain elements or factors.  And if this were the case, the images perhaps were not as random as she may have initially supposed, but instead may possess some meaning that she was meant to comprehend.
Bravo.
Oh, you are paying attention, arent you? she said somewhat triumphantly, I knew you were.
Tangentially, was the reply.  
Geo continued playing with the air, which now seemed to be blurring and mixing the colors in the room.  For a fleeting moment, what could have been called an approximation of a smile appeared on Ms.Pembletons spirit face.  But, as this moment passed as quickly as it came, we cannot be sure.
So, if these crazy images are supposed to actually mean something, what exactly is their meaning? Ms. Pembleton asked the little toy, absentmindedly trying to shoo the many more flies that had crowded around the rapidly decaying pie plate.
The little toy turned towards her.
Do you really think I can answer that question for you?
Ms. Pembleton immediately responded, Yes, before rolling her eyes and adding, But I know you wont.
Geo smiled and resumed playing with the colors.
After a moment of staring at the playful little plaything, she added, Well, can you at least explain Mrs.Kvornick?
Who?
Mrs.Kvornick, the old lady in the funer in Mr. Branches cellar.  I saw her, and she saw me.  But something was just wrong with her.  And she acted so frightened. So confused.  I mean, she was so scared she passed out. And it was as if she was scared of melike something was wrong with me, she paused a bit here as if considering her last statement, And Ive never met her beforeIve never even thought of something even remotely like that.  And I cant fit her in, anywhere, no matter how I try.
The little lion toys one button eye seemed to gleam mischievously.
All that I can say, my dear, is that all things are progressive.  You must have patience, as there are sometimes fits and starts before anything can spring to life.  After all, a blind man learning to see is bound to experience flashes of light.
Wow.  You know, that answer could be construed as a tad insulting to the visually impaired, said Ms.Pembleton, In addition to being somewhat off-the-point.
As usual, she added, after a slight pause for effect.
Well, being what I am, I am bound to offend at least somebody most of the time.
Glad to see you are so smug about it, too.
The little lion toy grinned at her and then turned back to playing with the kitchen haze, humming a happy little tune.  Ms. Pembleton, however, was not about to let Geo pretend to be thus distracted, and so after a meaningful moment continued:
So, okay, if these altered memories mean something, and are some sort of path, why have they stopped now?  Why am I stuck here?
Aha!
Aha, what? Ms. Pembleton said, as no further insight had immediately followed.
Aha, that is a good question.
Some guide you are. Ms. Pembleton crossed her arms, Youre impossible.
No. Im just not easy.
Thats for d-arn sure.
You should be grateful.
This made Ms.Pembleton laugh, although it was an obviously sarcastic laugh.  But still, we will have to take what we can get from this recently deceased.  
Just then, there was the sound of grieving from the other room.
Grateful? I should be grateful?!? Ms. Pembleton said, doing her best to ignore the sound, You must be joking! What should I be grateful for?  Im obviously stuck in some sort of hell with only that woman and a snotty little stuffed toy for company.
Geo sighed and shook his little toy head, generously not reminding Ms. Pembleton that her ignorance was showing again.  Instead, the following was conveyed:
Maybe thats exactly the path that youre not seeing.
Ms.Pembleton was somewhat taken aback by this guidance.  She cocked her head in a rather defiant gesture.
After all, what else have your visions focused on?
She paused a bit, before saying, a bit indignantly, What, you mean my mother?
Perhaps.
F-orget that! she said, using a less pleasant term, I am not dealing with that woman.  I refuse!
That is unfortunate.
Just tell me why I should be grateful for my mother?!?  She ruined all our lives! You know she killed my father! she said accusatorially.  
The lion toy moved its head in disagreement.
And shes the rea shes a big part of the reason that Sarah is gone, too  This last sentence was said with some hesitation.
I am sorry you feel so.
Ms.Pembleton snorted and turned away from Geo, Whatever, you have no sympathy for me at all.
The little lion toy leaped onto the tabletop, directly in front of where Ms.Pembletons spirit was currently reposed.  She was initially startled by this sudden movement, but soon regained her composure and tried her best to avoid the gaze of the one button-eye.  But there is little doubt that what came next had a profound impact upon her soul:
Oh, do not get me wrong, Miss Pembleton. I have great sympathy for you.  Indeed, I pity you.  I pity that youve let the many losses in your life become a veil between you and the light of the world.  I pity that youve blinded yourself by a hate borne from ignorance and prejudice.  And it is because of this pity, this sympathy that I ask so much of you.  You are the only one who can clear the dirt out of your eyes.  
Ms. Pembleton covered her face with her palms, tears running down from what would have been called her eyes, if her form had not been so affected by such a myriad of emotion to be almost incomprehensible. Indeed, it seemed as if her face had even become entangled with her hands.
There is a path, my dear Miss Pembleton.  But it goes in two directions.  And its up to you, which direction you will take.  You will choose your own destination.
There was silence then.  A profound silence, as Ms. Pembleton seemed to consider the weight of these words, her hands hiding her eyes, the tears streaming along the sides and onto the tabletop.  And all the while, the little guide sat patiently in front of this lachrymose soul and waited.
Finally, she said, between the gaps in her fingers, I  I just cant.  I just cant do what youre asking of me.  A part of me wants to believe you.  But I just cant.
Geo smiled, come then, my dear.  It appears that you have forgotten yourself.  Perhaps there is more that you could know, if you would care to remember.
The toy offered a paw to Ms. Pembleton.  In it was the broken feather that she had earlier so callously thrown away.  And in a long moment, Ms.Pembleton untangled herself from her own limbs, brought herself together and considered the feather.  And by and by she, too, offered out her hand and accepted the gift.  The feather miraculously straightened as soon as it transferred hands, becoming as perfect and gleaming as it had once been, if not even more.  And Ms.Pembleton brought the feather once again into her heart.  And, taking the still offered hand of the stuffed animal, she stood up, perhaps ready to journey once again.



Chapter 5

Perhaps the present circumstances demand a bit of explanation; a tiny bit of exposition before we continue on with the story, if you will forgive the slight interruption.  For it may assist in your understanding of what may lay ahead.  Although you may already be aware that your current world is one world (whatever world that may currently be) you might not be quite as aware that there are many other worlds; many other worlds, indeed.  Each possesses a unique beauty.  And each has a unique purpose.  Some are made of only fancy and dreams.  But others, well, they are more real than real.  And even though these worlds are separate worlds, they sometimes shift and leak and blend.  And all are connected through myriad links and connections too mysterious and wonderful to explain or comprehend.
Hopefully, you will get to visit some of the better worlds someday.
But, coming back to the story, it may be said that our dear Ms.Pembleton had heretofore spent the bulk of her otherworldly experience living in a world of perceptionher thoughts and emotions skewing the environs and events.  But there have been moments, few but true, moments in which Ms. Pembleton has experienced a bit of clarity; in which a world of truth has seeped into and become tangled with her perception.  And it is into this new world that we now hope to progress.
Ms. Pembleton had stood up and taken Geos hand.  At least that was a start.  For without faith and action, the truth will never become manifest.
As soon as Ms. Pembleton had grasped the paw of our little lion toy, the kitchen in which we have already spent much of our journey began to meld and transform.  The cozy little walls dissolved; the linoleum tiles expanded.  The Formica table morphed into a metal bed with a thin mattress.  And it soon became apparent that the surroundings were in fact transforming into that of a small room in a sanatorium; the Willet-Mast Treatment Facility for Children, to be precise.
A hospital bed lay in one corner of the room, neatly wrapped in whitish-gray sheets and coverings as if soon expecting an occupant.  Other than our two embodiments, however, the room appeared vacant.  The brightly lit hallway, which could be seen outside a partially open door, also seemed empty, and the whole scene was covered in such a hush of silence that it gave the impression that Ms.Pembleton and Geo were the only presences present.  This was, of course, an incorrect impression.
Ms. Pembleton was clearly familiar with these surroundings. She took a quick look around.
 Its Room 33 at the WMT, she said, a statement of temporality that was soon followed by a query: Geo, why are we at the WMT?
You recognize it?
Of course I do, she replied, I worked here for a few years, so I spent a lot of time in this facility.  But that still doesnt explain why weve come from my mothers kitchen to here.
That will soon be made apparent.
And, indeed it was.  Or at least, it began to be.  
For, just as a breathless but exasperated sigh seeped out of Ms.Pembleton, a childs laughter rang out in the troubled and lonely halls of the facility.  A small figure ran past the doorway.  This caught Ms. Pembleton by obvious surprise.  But she was nevertheless quick to react, bringing one spirit foot in front of the other, exiting the apparently-familiar confines of Room 33, and rushing down the hall after the figure, a hopeful cry of Sarah! escaping after her;  a cry which was answered only by more bubbles of laughter.
The little being dashed through a maze of hallways, bathed in florescent light, strings of hair trailing after.  Our dear Ms.Pembleton desperately floated behind, trying to catch the apparition she no doubt supposed to be her sister.  Geo, on the other hand, had no trouble keeping up with the two sprinters.  The toy did not run, of course, as that would have been undignified, but instead traveled in a sort of teleportation at the sidelines: disappearing at decent intervals, only to reappear as if by magic between the two contestants, sitting upon its frayed lion-tail, a casual one-eyed spectator to this odd little race.  And for many moments it seemed as if the little sprite was winning, dashing and disappearing around corners, making circles in the air with a twirl and a bell-like laugh.  Ms.Pembleton rushed desperately after, her spirit limbs slow in movement (although quicker than before). No doubt she moved as best as she could, though, perhaps hoping for reunion; or at the very least, explanation.
And just as it seemed as if the game could go on no longer, the figure stopped right in front of a doorway, and unceremoniously sat down right on the cold institutionalized floor, laughing and humming a most silly little tune.  Geo reappeared a few units of measurement away in the left corner, but quickly faded into the background.  Ms.Pembleton caught up soon thereafter, but as the figures back was towards her, all she could see was a mop of hair spilling out to the floor.  She halted a few spaces behind, and then crept towards the being, turning her head once to perhaps notice that they had stopped right in front of the entrance to Room 33, having made a large loop through the facility, which, as Ms.Pembleton must have undoubtedly realized, now possessed many twists and turns which had not been there before.
Once she came closer, Ms.Pembleton reached out and crouched down to place a ghostly hand upon the sprites shoulder.  Upon turning the being gently around, it became immediately apparent that she was not Sarah or some youthful apparition thereof.  It was indeed a small girl, but she looked entirely different, with thick eyelashes and starry eyes that gazed up at our protagonist.  She seemed to be very young, of perhaps five or six, but something about her seemed much wiser. And even though disappointment seemed almost engraved upon Ms.Pembletons face when she discovered the girl was not her sister, to her credit, she did not throw a fit or become utterly dejected.  In fact, she looked at the girl with slight curiosity and nascent recognition, as if hoping to remember something once seen but perhaps forgotten. 
When Ms.Pembleton finally did remember, however, she immediately covered her face and whispered between her fingers:
Tasha?
Hi, Allie, was the girls cheery response, I mean, Miss Pembleton!
It is you! Ms. Pembleton responded, But can it be?  I mean, youre much younger than when I knew youbut I recognize you from your pictures.
Yes, it is me, Ms. Natasha Marble responded, although maybe to you I seem a bit different than when you last saw me.
Youre perfect, Ms. Pembleton said.  
It is not clear if Ms. Pembleton heard Ms. Marbles response to this last statement (although perhaps it was important enough that she should), for rather continuing this jolly reunion, Ms.Pembleton rocked back on her feet and sat on the floor, with her limbs curled up and stuck together in a ball.  She immediately began crying, tears which fell and disappeared when they landed.  Rather than repeat herself, Ms.Marble moved to comfort her, placing a little hand upon her head.
Ms.Pembleton stopped weeping from this consolation, bringing her hands away from her face to properly look at the consoler.  But soon she became wide-eyed again and said, in a tone that betrayed perhaps a horrible (and fortunately incorrect) realization:
Tasha, youre not trapped here, are you?  Youre not stuck here, in this place?
Of course not! the little girl giggled, Dont worry. Right now I live somewhere elsesomewhere very beautiful.
Ms.Pembleton evinced palpable relief.
Ms. Marble continued: I just came because I wanted to say hello to you!  And also I wanted to tell you, that you should talk with me.
What do you mean? Arent I talking with you? Ms.Pembletons responded.
Yes.  And no.  You need to speak with me before.
Before what?  Ms.Pembleton prompted.
Before I could see, said the child.
But Tasha, Ms.Pembleton responded, I dont understand.  You never had any problems with your eyesight.
Ms.Marble giggled once again: Dont be silly.  Youll see soon, too, I know it.  
Ms.Pembleton seemed tempted to grace us with another I dont understand, but had either gained sufficient insight or was distracted enough by the childs swift movement to suppress it.  The girl had quickly raised her hand to point at the door to Room 33.  The Room appeared dark, shadowy, in stark contrast to how well-lit it was before.  Ms.Pembletons eyes followed the direction of the childs hand, and then turned back to her face, not moving.  The little girl just smiled and whispered one word:  Go.  She began to glow as if showered by a golden light from above,  and then she suddenly exploded into a multitude of tiny orbs, which danced, and spun around, and twinkled like fireflies, until they finally floated away and vanished.
Ms.Pembleton was left seemingly alone, the great gaping door to Room 33 before her.  The darkness of the Room almost emitted a sound, a deep guttural groaning that would instill trepidation into the heart of the most courageous.  And Ms.Pembleton definitely heard it.  Indeed, in her heart, she must have felt it.  She clearly did not want to go into that Room.
Geo? she asked, her voice wavering. Are you here?
Always, was the answer.
And, indeed, the little lion toy was there right beside her.
What is in there?
This is her plays last scene. Or first, depending upon perspective.
Ms.Pembleton looked quizzically at Geo, who stared at her in return, with perhaps a reassuring glint in the one-button eye.  She turned once again towards the dark entrance before her.  And without another word or further hesitation, she stood up and walked straight into the Room.

*
Something had definitely changed; although the shadows were so deeply etched that it was difficult to get an immediate impression of the Room.  However, a small amount of light still shone from an unidentifiable source, and so after a while some details could be apprehended.  First and foremost, it appeared as if the Room had greatly expanded, its walls pushed far back beyond comprehension.  And yet, the Room felt suffocated, closed in, as if it had somehow gotten smaller.  The ceiling and the floor had corroded.  Flakes of dust filled the dark air.  The hospital bed, too, had altered, now greatly rusted and propped up on its headboard in the middle of the Room, its legs sticking out sideways into the air.  And unlike our previous entry into Room 33, the hospital bed now had an occupant.
Perhaps the last statement should be amended, however, lest you be misled.  The being which now resided in Room 33 did not so much as occupy the bed, as hang from its underside.  The occupant was suggestively, if not decidedly, female.  Her head hung limply; her face obscured by long, sleek, dark hair.  Only the top of the occupants two ears could be seen poking out of the mass of tresses, like the tips of icebergs floating in a deep cold sea of hair.  The occupants body seemed not quite put together, as if it were missing essential links and connections.  And from two tiny slits on her upper appendages streamed a red-like substance which had soaked into and stained her white hospital gown; a red-like substance which flowed down her legs and feet to the floor, stretching out in little tendrils on the gray-flecked tile.
Ms.Pembleton was transported directly into the middle of the room, only a few feet from the occupant, the door from which she had supposedly entered seemingly a long distance off.  She likely did not notice this oddity of movement, however, as her gaze remained fixed on the hospital bed, and hence its ghoulish occupant. 
Hello? Ms.Pembleton said, in a cracked voice.
The occupant was slow to respond, and when she finally did respond, her movements were erratic and jolted, and she came out like a ghoul crawling out from its corpse.  She curled her ghostly fingers, freeing them from their bony cage; she sluggishly raised her ghostly head, the spirit tresses sliding apart, while the fleshy head and hair remained downcast and motionless.  She took one step forward.  Her face was initially unrecognizable as such, although two eyes could be apprehendedeyes that were glazed over, almost opaque.  But she nevertheless seemed unconsciously aware of Ms.Pembletons presence, staring straight at her.  And after a long moment, the mess of her face took on a more recognizable quality.
Tasha, Ms. Pembleton said, mimicking an earlier recognition, but now with more certainty and conviction, as if she had already known the identity of the ghost in this Room.  
The spirit of Ms. Natasha Marble was much changed from before.  To say the least, she seemed quite a few years olderperhaps fourteen or fifteen, in earthly years, anyway. Ms. Pembleton glanced towards the open doorway behind her, undoubtedly comparing the ghastly occupant to the lighter spirit of mere moments before (at least, mere moments in Ms. Pembletons approximation; as you may have realized, we were outside of time at the moment).  
Ms. Marble stood quite silent and motionless, however, and so Ms.Pembleton soon sought her attention in various ways, such as calling out Ms. Marbles name or waving at her.  None of Ms.Pembleton efforts seemed to have any effect.  Ms.Marble just stood there, seemingly oblivious.  And it was this that seemed to bother Ms. Pembleton, despite the relative horror of the surroundings.  It was the fact that Ms. Marble stared straight ahead and failed to overtly acknowledge Ms. Pembleton than put her out of her senses.  And so she persisted.  And just when perhaps it seemed hopeless, that the staring spirit was to stare forever, something unexpected happened:
Oh G, Ms.Pembleton began, Oh please please just help her.
And with these words, a single tear came flowing from the eyes of Ms. Natasha Marble.  And with that tear, her eyes became unclouded.  She finally looked and saw Ms.Pembleton.
Miss- Miss Pembleton? she said after a long moment, her eyes blinking, as if opening for the first time.
Our friend seemed to rejoice at the words (as well she should; it is always a momentous transition).  Perhaps forgetting herself, she reached out and grabbed Ms.Marble in a gesture of love and friendship.  And she was able to hold onto her.
Ms. Marble, on the other hand, seemed somehow unable to join in Ms.Pembletons offering.  She instead waited limply until she was released by our protagonist, and then immediately accosted her:
Miss Pembleton, what are you doing here?  I dont understand.  You never come in the evening.  Mr. Thomas is the one who is supposed to be doing the checks.
What do you mean, Tasha? Ms. Pembleton asked.
What do you mean? Youre being so weird, she responded, What is going on? Why are you here this late?  Why are you hugging me like you havent seen me in years?
Ms. Pembleton looked confused:  Wait, Tasha, dont you remember?
Remember what?
Ms. Pembleton seemed horrified and reluctant.  Ms. Marble seemed confused and impatient. And after a long while, Ms.Pembleton, perhaps not knowing how to say what she needed to say, only said this:
Tasha, sweetheart, look behind you.
Ms. Natasha Marble slowly turned around.  And she finally saw her body, that now lifeless temple which she had so carelessly discarded when she shuffled off that mortal coil.  And with this glance, she became fixated upon it; she became entirely engrossed in her corpse.  Ms. Marble moved towards the carcass, as if out of a desire to climb inside of it (which, you may agree, was not quite unlike another character we have come to know and perhaps care for in these modest pages).  But before Ms. Marble could become lost within herself, Ms. Pembleton reached out, took a hold of her shoulders, and neatly whipped her around, breaking her glazed gaze upon her ghastly remains, and centering her attention once more on the outside world.
Ms.Marble screamed then, a high-pitched scream of anger, loss, and frustration that would have pained living ears to hear.  She then transitioned into a wild fit, thrashing out in rage at generally everything, but most definitely at and including Ms.Pembleton.  Her violent movements, however, could not make contact with anything.  Perhaps she was unaware of this, but Ms.Pembleton nevertheless only flinched slightly when Ms. Marbles claw-like fingers slashed through her spirit body, seemingly willing to bear the brunt of her torrential dissatisfaction.  
Ms.Marble eventually collapsed in a spectral heap upon the floor, weeping, her rage spent after finding no satisfactory outlet.  Ms.Pembleton moved to comfort her, but Ms.Marble pushed away, saying leave me alone! as humans are often wont to do.  Fortunately, they will never realize the true meaning of the phrase.
The rejection seemed to pain Ms.Pembleton, and she soon sat down right next to Ms.Marble and also began weeping.
Perhaps you may agree by now that all this lamentation is becoming a bit trying.  After all, such moments of selfishness and pity can only hinder progress.   And these poor souls are prone to become too inward looking, if left to their own devices.  Guidance is needed.
And so, our little lion toy appeared once again and placed two comforting furry paws on each of the two ladies shoulders.  They both soon quieted, focusing their attention outside their own selves again.
Move on, Geo prodded.
I dont know how, Ms. Pembleton said between breathless sniffs.  
Talk to her, obviously.
What should I say? 
Well, for starters, you can explain what the heck is going on. Ms.Marble responded, glaring at the spirit sitting across from her.
Ms. Pembleton jumped a little at these words, and then almost sheepishly said, Well, um, Tasha, Im not exactly sure of that myself.
What do you mean youre not sure?  What are you not sure of?
Ms.Pembleton stared down at her own hands.
Well, Im not sure of that either.
Well, how did you get here then? Ms. Marble asked, looking at Ms. Pembleton impatiently. 
Um, Ms. Pembleton responded, still staring downwards, Geo brought me here.
Geo? she asked, not understanding the reference, for perhaps obvious reasons.
Yes, Geo, Ms. Pembleton awkwardly answered, looking slightly up, Um, Geos is kind of like a guide or something in the form of a doll I had when I was a kid.  Its the stuffed animal whose paw is on your shoulder.  
Ms. Marble glanced at the referenced body part and shook her head in confusion.
Ms. Pembleton glanced at Geo as well, Geos right there! Turn and look!  
Ms.Marble totally turned around in the indicated direction.  Geo looked at her through the one-button eye and smiled.
Theres nothing there, Ms. Marble said, clearly not seeing the plaything.
What are you talking about? Right there! Just look! Ms.Pembleton said.
 Ms. Marble looked once more and declared she saw nothing.
Geo, say something to her! Ms.Pembleton insisted.
The toy shook its head.  She would not understand me. 
Ms.Marble stared deeply at her shoulder but still denied the existence of anything there.  Finally, after a few minutes of further coaxing, she admitted to a sort of haziness in the air in the approximate area Ms.Pembleton described.  But she continued to look at Ms.Pembleton with her own air of confusion and perhaps, resentment.
So what are you doing here? she finally asked.
I thinkI think I am supposed to talk to you. Ms.Pembleton said.  
What?
I know it sounds crazy, but, just a few minutes ago I was talking to you outside this room, and you were much younger, and so much happier, you were like this glorious being, and you said that I needed to speak with you before and then I came here.
Ms.Marble seemed to consider this run-on response for a moment.  She seemed, for perhaps obvious reasons, not satisfied with any of the confused statements she had gotten from Ms.Pembleton, and appeared in a state of confusion herself.  But she nevertheless evinced a great deal of patience, forgiveness, and perhaps wisdom, in her next statement:
Well, is there something you need to say to me?
For a long moment it seemed as if Ms. Pembleton knew what she wanted to say in response to this question, but did not want to say it.  But when she finally found the strength, she said in a tone of profound loss and sincere repentance:
Tasha, Im so sorry.  I know I hurt you.  I know I failed you.  I should have been there for you, I should have seen. I should have seen the signs.  And I didnt.  I didnt see the signs, and I am so sorry for it.
Ms.Pembleton hid her face behind her hands.
Ms.Marbles face, on the other hand, was a mess of emotions, and so it was difficult to conceive as to precisely what she was feeling.  But whatever kind of mess her face was, it seemed to be a softer kind of mess, as if Ms. Pembletons heartfelt apology had evoked some small amount of compassion in her own troubled heart.  And even though she may not have been ready to accept responsibility and practice the art of forgiveness; and even though she may not have been so progressed to realize the interconnectedness between all things and reasons behind her suffering and that of another, she knew enough to say, finally:
Look up, Miss Pembleton.
Ms.Pembleton uncovered her face.  
Everything is going to be all right.
Ms.Marbles joints seemed to become more put together as she made this last statement.  And Ms. Pembleton appeared slightly more relieved than before.  Indeed, it seemed as if a little brightness had come into the otherwise gloomy Room 33; as if the thick atmosphere had become a bit thinner and breathable againnot that breath was a factor.  And Geo smiled a great smile upon them both, and then vanished once again.
Within a few appropriate moments, Ms.Pembleton apparently garnered enough courage to ask Ms.Marble an important question; a question resounding within the realm of why.  With some hesitation, Ms.Marble eventually explained that there were a variety of reasons, primarily stemming from her childhood and feelings of non-acceptance and a lack of self-worth.  She also referred to a violent and unfortunately abusive history with some of the male figures that had transitioned through her short life.  From the conversation between the two spirits it could be apprehended that Ms. Pembleton had already been aware of these issues and had discussed them with Ms. Marble on previous occasions.  But it ultimately became very clear that the reason why was not immediately as a result of these issues, but because she had lost hope and was seeking a way out, or at the very least, attention.
Notably, at one point during the conversation Ms. Pembleton said: 
During the lawsuit, your mother claimed that you were upset after we decided that you werent going to go home to her after you were released from the WMT.
During the lawsuit?
Yes, Ms. Pembleton explained, Um, your mother sued the facility, some of your treatment providers, and myself for malpractice after youyou know.
Oh, she acknowledged.
The suit was settled for over a million dollars, Ms. Pembleton reported.
Ms.Marble did not seem that interested in the money (as such purely material means are worth nothing in the afterlife), but instead inquired, But how is that possible?  Its only been like fifteen minutes.  Mr. Thomas hasnt even come to do the checks yet.
Oh, honey, Ms. Pembleton said, its been almost three years.  Your mom was awarded that money and has been living the high life ever since.  Not that she would have spent that kind of money on you.
Dont say that, Ms. Marble responded, perhaps silently also considering the eccentricities of time, You dont know that.  I dont appreciate you saying things like that. I never understood why you did not like my mother.
I never understood why you did, Ms. Pembleton responded, Tasha, I just dont understand why you couldnt grasp that it was not healthy for you to live with her anymore.  She was never there for you.  She never protected you.  She was more of the kid, and you the parent.
Yes, that is true, Ms. Marble said, and added after a long moment, but still, she is my mother.  And I love her.
Both specters were quiet then, no doubt contemplating their own respective maternal issues.  Finally, Ms.Marble asked:
Miss Pembleton, do you think I could see my mother again?
I am not sure. I am looking for my sister, Sarah, Ms. Pembleton said, quickly adding, You havent seen her, have you?
No.
Ms. Pembleton looked unsurprised, but still extremely dejected.  
Ms. Marble perhaps noticed this and so continued, I did not know you had a sister.
Yes, Ms. Pembleton said, perking up ever so slightly, my younger sister, Sarah.  She died a long time ago, when we were children.  I was looking for her when Geo brought me here.
Ms.Marble seemed to consider this a moment before saying:  Maybe you should keep looking for her.  As for me, I am going to go find my mother.  Good luckI hope you find what youre looking for.
Ms.Marble stood up and walked towards the open doorway leading out to the blindingly light hall.  Ms.Pembleton also stood up and called after her, asking her to wait.  But when Ms.Marble did not turn around, Ms.Pembleton instead offered her own well wishes to the departing and departed soul.  Ms.Marbles spirit then glanced back and waved, disappearing before she reached the doorway.  Ms.Pembleton was left standing in the middle of the Room, looking after her, waving also, as the surroundings began to transform.  Perhaps she realized that there was little else she could do.  After all, each soul must follow its own path, and one can only hope to be a help to another, and not a hindrance.



Chapter 6

Let us begin with this.  Let us begin with emptiness.  But let us not forget.  Instead, let us reflect.  And let us understand.
Ms. Pembleton stood in an empty room.  No dark clouds in the air.  No blood on the floor in long tendril-like fingers.  No hospital beds.  
Ms. Pembleton stood in an empty room.  A blank and empty space.  And we were there, with her.
Why did you bring me here, Geo? Ms. Pembleton asked, Why did you bring me to Tasha?
Did you not want to see her?
No, she replied, But yes.  In many ways, I am glad you did.  Im glad that I got to apologize.  I was not able to before.  But still, I am trying to understand.  Why would you take me to her?  Why now?  I cant see how she will lead me to my sister.
The answer is simple, my dear.  If you can learn to forgive yourself, perhaps you can learn to forgive another.
Ms. Pembleton was quiet for a moment, but soon offered:  I am not sure if I forgive myself.  I should have seen what was coming.  I should have known then.
Perhaps.
When you are given responsibility for someone, when someone trusts you, relies upon you, you owe something to them.
Yes.  We should all endeavor to serve and care for each other.  This is essential to true happiness and prosperity.  But in the end, everyone is responsible for the choices they make.
But what about parents?  Dont they have special responsibility for their children?
Certainly, they do.  They must educate and care for their children, and failing in this obligation is unpardonable.  For without education, humans would remain like ignorant beasts.
Ms. Pembleton looked contemplatively at the little lion toy, perhaps deciding to take a chance on the current loquaciousness:  So, what happens to children if they die before growing up?
Geo looked back at Ms. Pembleton:  Mercy.  
And... and what happens to those who commit... who take their own life?
Justice.  But mercy more than justice.  As is shown to all who seek, and to those who do not yet search.
How can that be true? Ms. Pembleton reacted, What mercy or justice has been shown to me? Ive lost everybody.  Ive lost everything.  Just as I am lost, myself.
Geo chuckled kindly at our journeying spirit.  My dear, look around you! It is everywhere. After all, arent I here to guide you?
I am not sure I would call that a mercy, Ms. Pembleton said teasingly, a slight smile racing across her face.  
The little lion toy crossed its furry little arms indignantly.  
Could it be Ms. Pembleton, than you are making a joke?  You look almost happy.   Indeed, Ms. Pembleton looked better put together than she ever had before.
No, not happy, Ms. Pembleton was quick to say, but then she reluctantly added, But I do feel better.  Its almost as if, for the first time ever, I really saw someone I know.  And I am grateful that I got to apologize.  She was more correct in this intermediate statement than she perhaps realized.
Repentance of our failings is one of the most important steps.  Geo nodded.  
Is that why Im here, then, as some sort of punishment?
That is entirely up to you, my dear.  
Well, I suppose deserve it.  I failed her, just like I failed everybody else.
Now, that cannot be true, Miss Pembleton.  I am sure that if we were to enter each one of the rooms of this facility, we could visit many children that you assisted.
Maybe.
And while it is certainly important to understand your failings and strive to overcome them, you should not exert all your focus upon them, my dear.  You must also acknowledge your strengthsas certainly you have more than an equal share.
I am not so sure of that, Ms. Pembleton began, but then shook her head, Wait are you actually paying me a compliment?
Geo smiled at her.  I have faith in you, Miss Pembleton.  Even if you do not.
Thanks, I guess, she said, and then added, contemplatively, Yeah, I guess I do have strength.  At least I tried to, for my kids.  You wouldnt believe what some of them have to go through.  I mean, my childhood wasnt easy, but at least Mom provided me with a home, food, and schooling.  Many of these children didnt even have that.  I wanted to be a source of strength for them, when every other adult in the world had failed them.  I dont know if was.  But at least I tried.
The world grew brighter, as if the suns rays had begun to permeate the emptiness, heralding a summer dawn in a clear blue sky.
Come now, you do not need to confess.  The little lion toy offered his fuzzy paw to Ms. Pembleton once again.  Let us not linger.
Who are you really? Ms. Pembleton asked, looking thoughtfully at the little toy, Are you also someone I know?
Why do I have to be someone you know specifically, Miss Pembleton?  I am everybody and nobody.  Only the finite human mind thinks in such limitations.  Try and see beyond it.  Try and see, that all that is includes all that is not.
That makes no sense.
Only because you fail to understand it.  The little lion toy smiled and shook its outstretched hand, as if its stubby fingers were impatient.
Come, you cannot just stand to understand.  Let us move under once again.
Ms. Pembleton rolled her eyes a bit, perhaps acknowledging the jestering rhythm of the lion toys thoughts.  But, nevertheless, she took the proffered hand.  And we walked together in the seemingly empty land.



Chapter 7

With each step, a new world abounds.  Terrestrial colors sweep into view with each stride.  The cool of wet pavement spreads under each foothold.  And soon, we are in a new scene.
Ms.Pembleton and Geo floated on a sidewalk that stretched along a building with whitewashed walls, where people come to lament and to exult, to praise and to sing.  Three black holes rested upon the otherwise gleaming yellow roof, as if some tiles were missing, exposing the black tar underneath.  A long lawn full of trees and flower beds separated the building from the sidewalk and road.  There was a multitude of people, faceless, yet oddly pleasant, scattered in between.
And just as Ms. Pembleton and Geo were about to stride straight into the middle of the scene, they stopped short.
Katharyn had appeared directly in front of them. She wore a conservative but flattering dress, with white leather heels and a small matching purse.
Well, that was quickhere we are, right in front of you again, said Ms.Pembleton, apparently addressing her mother, who of course did not respond to or notice her.  This did not seem to bother Ms.Pembleton, however, as she possibly realized by now that she was addressing merely figments of dreams long gone.
Katharyn was standing next to a black and white painted car, in which two figures were seated.  For the moment, their distinguishing features were obscured in shadow.   Katharyn was slightly bent over, speaking with the two figures, resting her hand on the open windowsill.  Ms. Pembleton relinquished Geos hand, and took a few steps away from the car.  She unwittingly backed right into a small child standing a few feet behind her, nearly knocking the girl over.  Ms.Pembleton turned around and saw that the child was none other than her own alter ego, in pigtails and a pretty yellow dress.  Alicia seemed to be about three or four.
Excuse me, the younger Alicia said sweetly.
Ms. Pembleton apologized to herself.
Thats okay, was the response.
Alicia, Katharyn said, minding her child, Please come over here.
Ok, mommy! Allie said, and then dashed off towards the mentioned parent.  The conversation inside the vehicle became audible when the child approached closer.  One of the figures, sitting in the passenger seat, could now be identified as a much younger Vienne Braunhauer.  The drivers side passenger remained shadowed and indistinguishable, but Ms.Pembletons whispered Dad? was as good a clue as any as to just who sat there.
You could come too, Katharyn said to the passengers, continuing the conversation.  Both figures guffawed at her invitation.
I dont know why you go to these things, the featureless father-figure said, Its all a waste of time, merely a scam, a way for the power hungry to exercise control, an opiate for the masses.  
People certainly have used it that way, for their own purposes Katharyn retorted, Just as theyll manipulate anything that has any influence over peoples hearts, if they want to.  But the source of it is good, and there is so much good there it can do, too.  Its all in how we use it.
Well, I doubt you are the one to know how to, Vienne said to her sister, somewhat jokingly, And in any case, I dont know why you have to take Allie with you.  Theres no point in filling her head with this scriptural nonsense.  She should just trust her own intuition.  
Vienne turned to address the younger Alicia, but as the older was standing right behind her, she unwittingly addressed both spirit and apparition:  
Come here Allie, she stretched her hand out to the child form, offering a small candy inside it, Allie, would you like to come with me and your Papa for breakfast?
Alicia snatched the lolly and hastily put it in her mouth, wrapper and all.  Katharyn took the candy out of her baby teeth, causing Alicia to whine.  She unwrapped the sweet and gave it back to the child, who once again placed it into her open mouth and started sucking contentedly.
Honey, I see the Smith girls over there near the entrance, Katharyn said to her daughter, Why dont you go and play with them?  You can practice that song you learned last week.
Okay, Alicia said happily between sucks.  She skipped off towards the direction of the aforementioned Smith daughters, singing a song about grace and love and justice.  The little girl was soon out of earshot.  Ms. Pembleton did not follow her.
I wish you wouldnt give her sugar like that, Vienne, Katharyn said, turning back to her sister, I have asked you not to before.  You know her father was a diabetic.
Ms. Pembleton exclaimed in surprise: What!?!
Yeah, the shadowy driver said, but it was the drink that killed him.
What does she mean, my father? He is my father! Ms. Pembleton said, motioning to the dark figure that occupied the drivers seat of the vehicle.
How can you say that? Katharyn said, You know thats not true.  How can you be so cruel?  He was your friend!
You need to just relax, Kate, the gentleman continued, And Ive asked you not to talk about him, anymore.  Especially around Alicia.  Shes my daughter now.
Perhaps not.
Katharyn said, Fine. But I still want Alicia to come with me.  Its good for her.  She should at least know enough to make the choice later, when shes older.
What do you mean, perhaps not? Ms. Pembleton asked Geo.
What do you believe?
There was a long pause then, in every conversation.
Well, well see when she makes that choice then, said the driver, Im certain Allie will know better.
You know, Im not so sure about that anymore, Ms. Pembleton said, with perhaps more clarity and awareness than we had previously given her credit.
Yes, we will, Jonathan. We will see, Katharyn stated.
Geo nodded.  It is to be expected. You are seeing the unseen.  Uncovering what was once hidden.  Long held beliefs can get tousled in the process.
But why would everyone lie to me? Ms. Pembleton said, My mother never said anything.  Even years after Dad died.
Why do you think they would?
Will you pick me up afterwards? Katharyn asked the two occupants of the vehicle.
No, the shadowed man said, Im on shift at eleven, remember?  Anyway, you should learn to take yourself to these things.
Katharyn said, You know I hate driving, Jon. Ill find a ride from someone else.  She lifted her hand from the windowsill and stepped back from the vehicle.
I dont know, because my mothers a mean heartless b-oyg? Ms. Pembleton said, using perhaps less obscure language.
Oh, I doubt that.
Love you two.  See you this afternoon, Katharyn said as the passenger vehicle drove off down the road.
Katharyn remained standing in the same position long after the vehicle was out of sight.  But soon it became apparent that she was not so much as standing, but entirely motionless.  Indeed, the entire seemed as still as a statute or a painting, having lost its immediate usefulness, but still present, as if it all needed to remain in sight.
Whatever, Ms. Pembleton said, inspecting the statue form of her mother, as they both stood before the now empty road, You dont know her; you dont know who she is.
Possibly; but obviously, neither do you.
Ms.Pembleton began to protest, but stopped short.
Can you truly argue with this point?
No, she reluctantly admitted, I cannot.  I dont know her.  And honestly, I dont want to.
Why?
Isnt it obvious?  I think I already explained what shes done to our family, Ms.Pembleton responded.
Certainly you have already stated the perhaps unjustified blame that you place upon her.
What do you mean, perhaps unjustified? Ms. Pembleton asked.
But my question was more directed to the underlying root or principle of your unwillingness to become more acquainted with your mother.
Anger, I guess, Ms. Pembleton added, but what do you mean, perhaps unjustified?
One of the black spots on the bright yellow roof of the building moved.  Ms.Pembleton did not notice.
Patience. Geo made a settling motion.  Anger towards whom?
My mother, of course, Ms.Pembleton said.  The black spot slowly bubbled to life.  A small black crow stripped itself out of the boiling tar, leaving an empty space where the spot had been.  The bird flew up from the roof and rested on a tree several feet away from Ms. Pembleton, who still seemed oblivious, since she added:
 And youre not getting away with that so easywhat do you mean by perhaps unjustified?
Just your mother?
Yes, who else? Ms. Pembleton responded, obviously a bit frustrated with the little lion, And answer my question!
Another crow grotesquely ripped itself out of the second tar spot on the roof, took flight, and settled on the tree next to its sister.
The one-button eye stared deeply at Ms. Pembleton, I think there is more to this; honestly, I would expect more emotional insight from you.
Fine, maybe there is more, but youre not getting anything more until you answer my question!
A third crow quickly followed the second, in like fashion.
And dont think weve moved off the topic of my father, I still havent forgotten about that little nuclear explosion! she continued.
Geo stared impatiently at Ms.Pembleton for a long moment.  But when further elaboration was not forthcoming, Geo threw two furry paws up in the air and shrugged.
As you wish.
The toy then nodded and pointed at the tree behind Ms. Pembleton.
The three crows suddenly took flight.  They swooped towards the spirit and the statue.  Ms. Pembleton exclaimed, startled.  Katharyn also came slightly to life, stretching her arms out, and turning around to face the three black birds, which had, in the short meantime, grown to unusual size.  One of the now giant crows took a hold of Katharyn by the end of her long hair and lifted her off the ground by the strands, as if she weighed nothing at all.
Geo, whats happening? Ms.Pembleton screamed.
Ms.Pembleton scrambled a short distance away in fright as the two other crows circled around her mother in a frantic commotion.  Their sharp beaks and claws tore at her clothes and body, their ripping caws mingling with the sound of Ms.Pembletons screaming.  But Katharyn remained docile throughout, as if she were a doll, seemingly unaware of the birds violent attack.
What are they doing!?! Ms. Pembleton pleaded, Stop it!
What you asked.
Well, just stop it!  I didnt ask for this! she screamed, You sadistic bastard! Leave her alone!
Ah, so you do care.
Of course I do! Ms. Pembleton stated, I may hate her, but I dont want her harmed!
Geo smiled, Yes, Miss Pembleton, I understand.  Do not be overly concerned, she will not be harmed.
And indeed, it soon became clear that the crows were not so much as attacking the apparition, as transforming it.  The dress she was wearing had been peeled off in small frayed clumps, revealing a long white gown underneath.  Her hair had been tousled and pinned beautifully, as if by some sort of hovering hairdresser.  An elegant bouquet was placed in her hands, gathered from nearby flowerbeds.  And when the bird barbers set her down once again, she had become a young lady, dressed for a very formal and significant occasion.  
The three crows made one more graceful arc around Katharyn and Ms.Pembleton.  The latter flinched slightly and covered her face, but the birds only peacefully flew up into the sky, heading towards the white building.  The scenery changed only subtly with each stroke of the threes shiny black wings: the tall trees seemed slightly younger, the shrubberies shrunk smaller, the grass grew greener.  The crows then turned to the crowd that had been scattered along the lawn and the pavement.  Each of the indistinguishable figures was neatly escorted into the front entrance of the building, as if the crows now served as some sort of macabre ushers to this event.  
As soon as all were escorted, the three birds flew towards the roof of the building, becoming smaller and smaller.  The black from their feathers shed, streaming out as if ink from a bottle, exposing bright yellow underneath, so that they no longer appeared to so much crows as canaries.  They circled around and around the roof in what seemed to be a long dance, until they abruptly nosedived.  Their tiny bodies ultimately came to rest in the three empty spaces from whence they came, and the birds became tiles again, filling in the tar spaces, their movement and purposed finally ended.

*
It seemed as if Ms.Pembleton was about to speak when she was interrupted by the figure of her aunt, also more than a few years younger, running out of the front entrance of the building.  Vienne was dressed in an ecru-colored mid-length dress and ill-fitting shoes that clacked along the pavement with each step.  She carried a screaming toddler in her arms, who was pushing against her with a quivering chin, obviously wanting to be let down.  Vienne, herself, looked just as upset and quivering.  She ran to the end of the sidewalk, or perhaps more poetically (but less kindly) galloped there.  She halted right in front of Katharyn and offered her the child.
Here, take her! Vienne whined.
Vee, whats wrong? Katharyn said, exchanging her bouquet for the toddler.
She just wont stop screaming! Vienne complained.
Katharyn began swaying her arms back and forth and humming in an attempt to comfort the child.  Little Alicia, who appeared to be no more than two, soon stopped screaming, but continued shedding large wet tears.  The same could be said for her aunt:  Vienne, too, had stopped screaming, but continued to wipe at the black mascara streaks which fell from her own eyes. 
Vienne, whats going on?  Are you crying? Katharyn asked. 
Vienne turned away from her.
What is it? Katharyn said, Please, honey, tell me whats wrong!
No, Vienne said, shaking her head, her back still towards her sister, Kate, no.  I... I just cant... dont go through with this.
What do you mean?  Do you mean that I should not get married?  Why?
Vienne said nothing but just shook her head between spurts of tears.
Katharyn looked quizzically at her younger sister, but her gaze soon softened: 
Vee, I know youre nervous.  I am nervous too.  I miss Mom and Dad just like you, and I wish they could be here.  But we have each other.  And dont worry.  My marriage isnt going to change anything between you and me.  Youll still be welcome at our home  at any time.  You know that both of us love you very much.
Vienne wiped away some tears, but continued crying.
Vienne, please darling, calm down.  I need you to help with Alicia.  I have to walk down the aisle.
Vienne shook her head once more, No, I... I cant take her.
Vienne, please, I need your help!
Vienne turned and ran back towards the building, although it was not clear whether she went inside or just disappeared in some other direction.  Katharyn was left out on the sidewalk, still holding her crying daughter, looking contemplatively in her sisters direction.
Little Alicia began to fuss a bit louder, and so Katharyn hugged and comforted her with a sweet lullaby, that began with this:

Welcome to the fire world
my blue water lily child
you were born in the cool ocean
dont get lost in the desert light

Toddler Alicia quieted, laying her baby curls on her mothers shoulder and sucking upon her thumb.  Katharyn smiled down at her, singing a second refrain.  
Ms. Pembleton was mesmerized by the whole scene.  She remained lulled by the lullaby even long after the song had finished, her mother merely humming the last remnants of the tune.  Ms. Pembleton was started awake, however, when Katharyn quietly whispered: 
Come on, Allie, its time to go.
Of course, it was unclear whether she was referring to the spirit of her daughter standing next to her, or the apparation she was holding.  But in any case, Ms.Pembleton dutily followed as Katharyn walked ceremoniously towards the building.  Geo, too, followed the mother(daughter)/daughter trifecta.  But rather than scrambling after their long strides, the toy shortly teleported to the entrance and waited patiently for their arrival.
The inside of the building consisted primarily of one long room, dimly lit but nicely decorated, within which the indistinguishable people from outside had been packed and sorted into several rows separated by a long aisle.  All of these featureless figures were staring towards the front of the room, but each slowly turned towards Katharyn Braunhauer (soon to be Pembleton) and her two, but ultimately one, daughters as they all entered.
Katharyn paused for a moment just beyond the entrance, hesitating as the crowd closed in.  The room was suddenly filled with the onrushing sound of prototypical music, however, and this seemed to buttress her courage.  Placing footstep after footstep, baby still in arms, she walked towards the front of the room, where the same shadowy male who had moments before occupied the outside vehicle now stood, waiting for her.  He was dressed in what appeared to be a suitobviously the groom to this bride.
Ms.Pembleton started to follow her mother down the aisle, but Geo quietly called out to her and motioned to an empty seat in the back of the room.  She blushingly went to the seat, as if embarrassed; perhaps she mistakenly thought the crowd could actually see her.  Geo settled in next to her.  And they watched together as Katharyn reached the front of the room, took the hand of her groom, and turned towards married life.
So, Geo, why are we at my parents wedding? Ms.Pembleton asked.
Shhh, the little lion toy hushed her, just listen.
A sort of disembodied droning started and resonated throughout the room.  The words were not comprehensible, but nevertheless it seemed as something was being repeated over and over.  Geo encouraged Ms.Pembleton to ignore sound, but to listen more closely; a strange sort of advice, with which Ms.Pembleton nevertheless attempted to comply.  It was then that a sort of hushedbut only slightly hushedwhispering by two female figures sitting in a row to the front and side of Ms.Pembleton could be heard.  And as Ms. Pembleton focused on these two whispering figures, they began to shift and come more fully into focus.  There were ears and a mouth, a hat and inappropriately large earrings.  And soon it was apparent that these were the same two grotesques that Ms. Pembleton had encountered on a previous occasion (the merit and accuracy of which is left to your own evaluation, as is the one that will be presently played out).  And these two jokes of humanity were gossiping once again.
Well, he finally got what he wanted, said the one with the mouth, I swear that boy gets so infatuated, he just cannot be stopped.  Ears hummed in agreement.
Ms. Pembleton leaned closer to the figures, listening more attentively to their conversation.
Well, I just hope hell be happy with her, mouth continued, Although that is something I do doubt.  Ears positively vibrated.
No wonder, too, said mouth, Just look at her.  Carrying a two year old child to the altar.  Just tacky.  Its a wonder he wanted her at all.
Ears nodded.
And you know, its not even certain that that girl is Jonnys, said mouth, who was encouraged by ears muffled, but eager, acceptance, And I heard it from a friend who heard it from a friend that that little girl is a child of another man.  Some boy who killed himself while in prison.
Ears was appropriately impressed by the juice of this morsel.
Yes, maam, mouth confirmed, Apparently that boy killed an elderly couple in a three-car pileup on the interstate after a night of drunken bingeing.  Completely worthless.
Ears emitted an annoying squeal which conveyed both agreement and delight in this tragic tale.
Of course, I dont know this from Jonny.  Hes never said anything about it.  But I know, that girls gotta be that other mans.  And even if she doesnt turn out worthless like her father, shes gonna turn out just like her mother.  Some say that brides beautiful and loving, but she always seemed a bit high and mighty to me.  Trust me, that girls gonna grow up bad.  Shes lucky she has Jonny there, at least.  Hell pick up the pieces.  If her momma dont crush the spirit out of both of them, first.
Oh come on! Youve got to be kidding me, interjected Ms.Pembleton.  A small dark figure sitting next to Ms.Pembleton raised one finger to its lips and hushed her as she said these words.  Ms.Pembleton, however, stared at the figure into submission, and it slinked back until it was once more just an amorphous shadow.
Honestly, hushing me while these two old biddies gnaw huge holes into the backs of my family, Ms.Pembleton said, At my parents wedding, no less.  Unbelieveable.
The entire room had become silent.  Ears and mouth seemed to have disappeared, or at least crawled back into the hole they deserved to live in.
Yes, but you missed the rest of the conversation.
I dont care, Ms. Pembleton said, Ive heard enough of that vitriol.  Honestly, their gossiping sickens me.
Geo smiled, You are absolutely right, Miss Pembleton.  It is sickening.  But dont worry, they will pay for such idle talk, eventually.  
And in an instant, all of the dark figures, and even the visage of the bride and groom, disappeared, leaving only Ms. Pembleton and Geo sitting alone in the otherwise empty building.  The lighting had changed, too, to a cool, dusty sort of mood, as if the sun were filtering through shaded glass.
Well, did that answer your question?
Not really, those two were only full of rumors and half-truths, Ms.Pembleton said, I still have no idea who my father was, or what happened to him.
After another moment, she added Do you know? What happened to my father, I mean.  How did he die?
I believe the circumstances of his death were still under debate by the living.  Perhaps you can ask him, if you get so far as to meet him.
If I meet him? she said, What do you mean, if?
As you are well aware, the ultimate outcome of this journey is entirely up to you.
Im not so sure of that, Ms. Pembleton said, You seem to do a pretty good job of pulling me places where I do not want to go.
I do not pull, Miss Pembleton.  I nudge.  I may have held your hand and pointed in a certain direction, but you are the one who has done all the journeying, my dear.
Ms. Pembleton seemed to think back on this a moment.  She then said Well, cant you just nudge me in his direction, or at some sort of memory of him, or something?
My biological father, I mean. She quickly added.
He resides in another plane, Miss Pembleton, and at present we can only review happenings that occurred after your lifes inception.  We could, for example, travel to the scene of your conception, or observe the few intervening days before his demise, but I do not believe it would be appropriate or useful, at this point.  And certainly, you would not enjoy it.
No, no, Ms.Pembleton agreed obversely, catching on to the little lion toys meaning, I dont want to see that.  Definitely.
She added after a moment of perhaps thoughtful contemplation: But isnt there at least something you can give me?  I feel so lost and confused right now.  Isnt there something you can show me to tell me who he is?
Geo scratched the lion toys loosely connected head as if thinking about this for a moment, and then motioned to a brilliant conclusion.  Balancing on the lion toys long furry tail, Geo reached behind the bench on which they were currently sitting, hunted around a bit, grabbed onto something, and then sat back down properly, drawing out a modestly beaded purse that had not been there before, or perhaps had been there the whole time.  Ms.Pembletons eyes questioned this whole series of events, and she glanced down at the little bag as if saying well, what the heck is that? although she in fact overtly stated nothing.  Geo answered her nonetheless.
Your mothers handbag.  Geo zipped open the bag.
Need I ask just how you were able to pull out my mothers handbag from out of thin air? Ms. Pembleton said.
No, you neednt.  
Geo stuck one furry paw into the purse and started rummaging around, pulling out various items, such as pacifiers, animal crackers, coins, and lipstick, and placing them on the bench.  The toy appeared quite serious in the task of sorting and searching the contents of the beaded bag; Ms.Pembleton merely looked impatiently on.  Finally, Geo pulled out an old photograph, well-used, wrinkled, and a bit torn.  Rejoicing over this almost anthropological find, Geo handed the photograph to Ms. Pembleton.
The photograph depicted five individuals: two of them possessing the white hair and soft skin of individuals who have gained a lengthy amount of earthly experience; the other three significantly less so.  Ms.Pembleton was quick to identify at least four of the individuals:
Oh, its a picture of Grandma and Grandad with mom and aunt Vienne before my grandparents died, she said.
And do you recognize the fifth in this picture?
Ms.Pembleton stared at the picture intently, and said, I am pretty sure that young man is moms childhood friendSteven.  He was also in the car accident that killed my grandparents, and died shortly afterwards.  At least, thats what Mom told methey were quite young then, maybe nineteen or twenty.  It happened before I was born.
Well, there you go.  You already know him.
Wait, what?  Youre telling me that this boy is my father?
Geo shrugged.
Good Lord, youve got to be kidding me.  Steven?  All those stories she told me about him growing up they were all about my father?  Why didnt she just tell me the truth?  She could have at least said something after Dad died, at least.  Why keep this from me?  Ms. Pembleton said.
Would there be any reason why she would hesitate?
Well, you mean other than the huge hurdle than the fact that she would have to not only admit that she lied, but also destroy what good memories of my Dad I had left? she said, Um, no.
Maybe then something a bit more personal? A particular reason associated with the gentleman?
Well, I wouldnt know what.  Mom always told me stories about Stevenhe was just about in every picture of Moms family since she was like, ten.  The only time she showed any real kind of liveliness was when she talked about him.  I remember this one story she told me where they were all kids and spent the summer digging a huge hole in the back of the house, thinking they could dig a swimming pool back there.  And they dug so deep that they accidentally broke into a nearby cesspool and barely scrambled out of the hole before they were swimming in a stinking mess.  Ms. Pembleton had an amused smile when she related this tale.
Lovely, Geo chuckled, but back to our point, perhaps there was something particularly associated with his demise and that of your grandparents.
Well, Ms. Pembleton said, they were killed on the new year by an intoxicated driver before I was born.
My condolences. Geo offered.  But who was driving?
I dont know, Ms. Pembleton said, Im not certain.
Geo nodded suggestively.  It took quite a long moment for Ms. Pembleton to catch on to the suggestion.
What, are you suggesting that my biological father killed my grandparents while driving drunk?
Really, didnt you ever even consider this as a possibility?
No, Ms. Pembleton said, And really, I dont see why I should have.  I wasnt so enchanted with my Mother that I would go and solicit those kinds of details about her life, anyway.
Which perhaps explains a bit of your present situation.
What, you mean my mother? Ms. Pembleton said for perhaps a second time, Youre suggesting that the reason Im separated from Sarah right now is my mother?
No, I am suggesting that it is your own self.
Oh, then its my fault? Ms. Pembleton said, What bull-crud.
Charming.  But in fact I am not placing blame or fault on you or anyone.  Rather, I am suggesting that it is exactly such blame that is causing this separation.
Fine, Ms. Pembleton said, placing her palm to her forehead, Fine, whatever.  Youre just making less and less sense as we go on, so I can see this is pointless.  Lets just move on.
She handed the photograph back to the little lion toy, who in turn placed it back into the handbag.  The purse disappeared, along with all of its splayed contents, as soon as the photograph was placed back inside.  
Well, then, if you are willing, I suggest that we remain focused on your present objective.
Yes, Ms. Pembleton agreed, Lets do that.  I still want to be with my sister.  And even if I have to sit through a mini-series starring entirely my mother, well, I guess I do not have much of a choice.
Geo grinned, perhaps in recognition of the real, albeit reluctant, growth in this young spirit, or at least, with a smidgen of relief that there would be a bit more focus and direction.
Just walk along the path, then.
Ms. Pembleton stood up and sidestepped out of the row and into the aisle.  She turned towards the front of the room, where her mother and step-father had been matrimoniously standing a while before, and then behind her towards the empty outside door.  
Which direction? she inquired, but Geo just pointed at her, indicating once more that, indeed, her path was in her own hands, or spirit feet, as the case may be.  
After what seemed to be a mere moment of indecisiveness, Ms.Pembleton chose the perhaps less obvious route of walking towards the front of the room, which lacked any apparent exit.  Her efforts were rewarded, however, as the room shifted as she moved; this time seeming almost as if the building were a thin painting, being dissolved by some unseen liquid, showing a new, alternative painting on the canvass underneath.  And just as easily she entered a new scene.  

*
We might rightly posit that there is some sort of important imagery associated with the hearth and home for Ms. Pembleton, for her steps took her once again into her mothers kitchen.  No doubt, this temple of food, family, warmth, and comfort possessed many meanings for our otherwise meandering protagonist, although perhaps we may be becoming a tad tired of staring at stoves and tables.  But as previously emphasized, Ms. Pembletons path was her own, and so long as we join her on this journey of the recently deceased, we must content ourselves to another scullery scene.
Seated at the green Formica table, as once before, was young Alicia, approximately four years old.  Next to her was our Katharyn, her mother, of the appropriately corresponding age.  Something was steaming in a large pot on the stove behind the two ladies.  Both mother and child were focused on crayons and papers spread out on the table, however, full of scribbled letters and numbers and flowers and suns.  They were talking happily, although their conversation was not comprehensible (most likely because, as you have no doubt surmised, Ms.Pembleton had no immediate need to comprehend it).
Upon entering the room, Ms.Pembleton walked quickly to the only open chair left at the table, pulled it out, and sat down, now apparently quite comfortable with the whole process.
Geo emerged on the countertop near the steaming pot.  The little lion toy lifted the lid of the pot and peeked inside, as if curious as to what was cookingcreamy tomato soup.  For a moment, it looked as if the furry animal was considering sticking the tip of its frayed furry tail into the pot to pull out a taste.  But with a correcting glance from Ms.Pembleton, the toy thought better of itcertainly no one would appreciate gray fuzz-fibers in their dinner, even if those fibers were wholly spectral, or the diners surreal.
Ms.Pembleton turned back towards the coloring session with an amused smile.  Nothing else happened, however, and she soon grew tired of waiting, and so spun her fingers in her air, as if summoning the action, calling scene to this familiar set.
Ms.Pembletons father walked into the kitchen; or rather, her step-father, Jonathan G. Pembleton, walked into the kitchen (to be precise).  He was half-covered in shadow, as if Ms. Pembleton did not quite remember what he looked like, or at least, did not wish to remember at the moment. 
Im ready to eat, Jonathan announced, in lieu of traditional greeting. 
He quickly moved to sit down in the chair that Ms. Pembleton was occupying.  She scrambled to get out of the seat, lest she be squashed, or perhaps, spectrally merged (as either way she might find the experience a bit uncomfortable, to say the least).  Katharyn, too, had vacated her seat and gone over to the counter, to begin preparing the meal as requested.  Little Alicia, for her part, had chimed a beautiful childs greeting to her father, happy to see her parental figure again.  Ms.Pembleton moved silently to stand near Geo and cooking Katharyn.  Geo merely shrugged at the image of all these events, as there was no need to echo a greeting that would be neither heard nor acknowledged.
Jonathan and Alicia began to chat merrily while Katharyn prepared their dinner, the conversation just as incomprehensible as the last.  And for several moments nothing changed.
Okay, Ms. Pembleton asked, just what am I supposed to get out of this scene of wedded bliss?
Maybe just that it isnt.
And indeed, true to the suggestion, a summary glance at Katharyns face would have readily confirmed that all was not well in the Pembleton household.  And if this were not sufficient evidence to prove the point, the next interaction cast further doubt on the relative bliss of the situation.
Jonathan, having apparently finished his discussion with Alicia for the moment, turned towards his wife.  Katharyn was still somewhat pensively dishing tomato soup and assembling grilled cheese sandwiches.  Jonathan sidled up to Katharyns back, swiftly swiveled her around, and touched her in a rather intimate manner.  Katharyn was obviously embarrassed by this, but was not overtly unwillingthat is, until she seemed to take in a breath of her husband.  For as soon as she did, she turned back towards the stove and started feverishly stirring the pot.
Youve been drinking, she said.
Jonathans appearance turned quickly from hunger and expectation, to defeat and defiance:  
And so what if I went out with my friends after work?  Ive been on shift for almost seven days straightwhat does it matter if I have a little to relax?
Katharyn furrowed her brow and shook her head: 
You know how I feel about that, Jon.  And anyway, its not appropriate right nownot in front of Alicia.  
Alicia, however, had turned back to her coloring in the meantime and did not seem too interested in her parents cavorting. 
Jonathan laughed: Did you hear that, Alicia?
Hear what, Daddy? Alicia said, perking up at her name.
Your mothers a prude?
Jon, dont call me that, Katharyn said.
Whats a puh-rude? Alicia asked, trying out the new word.
A prude is your mother, he said, and laughed again, but dont you worry, my darling.  Ill make sure you dont grow up to be one!
Alicia giggled.  Katharyn stirred even more fervently at the pot, although she said nothing further.  Jonathan snorted at her.
Ms. Pembleton for her own part turned angrily to Geo.
What are you trying to do? Ms.Pembleton said, Destroy the happy memories I have of the only father I knew?  He was always wonderful to me.  And if my mother was so unhappy, why didnt she just leave him?
There is truth to this.  But sometimes, my dear Miss Pembleton, our actions are not centered on our own happiness.
Ms.Pembleton did not immediately respond, and before she was able to retort, her mother had finished preparing three meals on a tray and ushered dinner over to the kitchen table.  
Did you see Vienne at work today? Katharyn asked, setting the tray down, Is she coming for dinner, too?
Jonathan mumbled, Shes not coming, and quickly gathered a bowl of soup and two sandwiches before retreating into the living room.  He flicked on the television to a station where some uniformed gentlemen were throwing a ball around a field.  The noise of the television was at first deafening.  But all in the kitchen did their best to mute themselves to it, and soon it was only a mere noise in the background.
Katharyn put her little daughters portion in front of her, but encouraged her to clean up the crayons and paper before eating.  Alicia did not mind her, but continued coloring.  She sighed, and then walked across the room to a telephone mounted on the wall, picked it up, and began dialing.  Ms.Pembleton followed her mother, undoubtedly in the hopes that she would hear some of the conversation.
Shes calling my auntie, Ms. Pembleton said, recognizing the number dialed.  The telephone rang for what seemed to be several minutes until finally there came the rattled sound of the phone being picked up and an unwelcoming hello from the other side.  Whether as a result of the closeness to, or of the import of, the conversation, both caller and greeter could be clearly understood.
Hi, its Katharyn, said the one so identified.
Hi, Kate, was the reply, in tired voice.
Katharyn then invited Vienne to dinner; an invitation which was succinctly declined.  Katharyn expressed sincere disappointment, but as no apology was forthcoming, after a pause, she continued:
Vee, whats going on? Katharyn asked, It seems like weeks since I have seen you.  Are you mad at me for something?  Whatever it is, Im sorry.
No, its nothing, Vienne said with casual avoidance, I have just been busy.
Well, then why arent you coming over? Katharyn asked.
Vienne offered an ambivalent and noncommittal answer.
Katharyn added, Well, I hope you can come soon.  Alicia misses her auntie, and I miss my sister.  And really, Mom and Dad would be disappointed if I didnt make sure to feed you.
I know, Vienne said, sighing in response, Im not sure when I can come.  I am thinking about flying somewhere tomorrow.
Oh, thats nice. Where do you want to go? Katharyn asked.
Vienne mentioned the name of another highly industrialized continent, which possessed just enough exoticism to make her desire to visit seem appealing.  Katharyn briefly acknowledged and admired her desire to visit, and then inquired about the length of the trip.  
Im not sure. A couple months, at least, Vienne responded.
A couple months!?! Katharyn asked, shocked, How are you going to get the time off?
Maybe Ill just quit, Vienne said, Im sure the department will rehire me when I return.  Jon will definitely put in a good word for me, and you know how well liked I am by everyone, anyway.
Katharyn gently but ultimately unsuccessfully tried to dissuade her sister from this course of action.  Vienne was quite insistent that it was important for her to follow her dreams and live a life of pleasure and do whatever she wished to do.  In the end, Katharyn could only inquire whether she was going to see her sister before she departed for this trip.
No, was the simple and plain answer.
Katharyn was visibly upset by this, but nonetheless wished her sister well and lovingly ended the conversation.  A few tears fell from the sides of her eyes, and she wiped them away and rushed out of the kitchen, perhaps embarrassedly so.  This left Ms.Pembleton and the apparition of her younger self alone.  Outside, in the living room, the television continued blaring.  Her step-father was nowhere to be seen, however; perhaps he had been sucked into the screen.
Ms.Pembleton stated that she was confused by the turn of events, declaring that she never remembered her aunt talking about her travel, and certainly did not remember seeing any pictures of such a lengthy trip.
Geo shrugged.
Maybe she didnt go, little Alicia piped up from the table, not looking away from her coloring.
What? Ms. Pembleton asked, almost automatically.  Perhaps she was surprised to be addressed so directly by what she understood to be a mere memory.  Or perhaps she now realized that this child, as with all of these events, could more accurately described as a reflection, more than memory; or perhaps even a dream, for in dreams we are unbounded by the limitations of the past, and can come to understand the truths hidden from our eyes, which are otherwise unseen.
Maybe she didnt go, Alicia repeated, notwithstanding the fact that Ms.Pembletons question was birthed more out of surprise and confusion, than of actual lack of hearing.
On the trip, you mean, Ms. Pembleton said, drawing closer to the child at the table.
Yes, Alicia said, maybe.
But why would this conversation be important, then, if she didnt go? Ms. Pembleton asked.
Dont know, Alicia offered, shrugging.  
Geo was perhaps more helpful:  Was there ever a time that you remember not seeing her?
My aunt, you mean? Ms. Pembleton said.  
Geo nodded.  After a moment of pondering, Ms. Pembleton nodded also.
You know, Ms. Pembleton said, my Aunt came to dinner pretty much every evening when I was a kid, which was certainly fine with me, since she was the only one who brought any life into the house, and was the only one I could really talk to, especially after what happened to Dad and Sarah.  But, anyway, I vaguely remember that she was gone for a long time, once.  I did not think much of it at the time, and Im not sure about the memory, since its so long ago.  Im surprised I remember itmy memory must be getting better.  But I think she came back a few weeks before I turned five.  
Im going to be five, little Alicia said, in July.  I think thats soon.
Ms.Pembleton laughed at herself, Yes, and youll have a lovely party in the rose garden, too.
Alicia looked up from her coloring. With cake and ice cream? she asked.
Ms. Pembleton assured the child of all sorts of delights.
Will you come to my birthday party? invited Alicia.  The absurdity of this question perhaps did not dawn on either spirit or reflection.
Maybe, Ms.Pembleton offered, but I think I remember Aunt Vienne was there.  And, of course, that was the day I first met Sarah.
Sarah? queried Alicia.
Shes your sister, Ms.Pembleton explained, perhaps reasoning that this childs knowledge was likely limited by the time frame.
I dont have a sister, Alicia countered.
Well, not yet, Ms.Pembleton said, You havent met her yet.  But you will.
No, Alicia said, looking at Ms. Pembleton with depth and sincerity while selecting a green crayon, I do not have a sister.
Of course you do, Ms. Pembleton retorted, her face becoming a bit wrinkled and messed.
No, I dont, Alicia said in a tone of deep sincerity, adding, But I still love her.  And with that, the child began scribbling furiously.
What does she mean, Geo? Ms. Pembleton asked.
Perhaps you already know.
Indeed, perhaps it could have been said that Ms.Pembleton had already possessed all the information required to understand the statement, and could have long ago drawn this conclusion, if the lie had not brought her comfort.  After all, the truth had come ultimately from the reflection of her own self.  And so, it did not take very long before she comprehended the childs insistence.  And the unsaid realization seemed to have both made her whole, and broken her into pieces.
My God, she whispered.
Little Alicia stopped scribbling for a moment and placed her hand comfortingly over Ms. Pembletons.
I still love her, Ms. Pembleton said, wiping a ghostly tear from her clear pupil.
She loves you also.
Alicia smiled reassuringly at her, and then turned back to her furious scribbling.  The whole page was now nearly covered in green lines.  And for a long while Ms. Pembleton just stared at the paper, lost in her own inner world.  
The pot on the stove bubbled over; soup sizzled on the underlying flame.  
Roused by the sound, Ms. Pembleton turned to Geo and said, She is still my sister.  Maybe not by blood, but she is still my sister.
Geo smiled at her.  Ms.Pembleton managed a slight smile in return.
And so lets continue.

*
Little Alicias crayon ran off the page and onto the table.  The girl spun around and leaped off of her chair in one swift movement.   Just then, her mother walked back into the room, differently styled and dressed.  The light in the kitchen had changed, too, in what had come to signal the passage of earthly time.
Allie, Katharyn said, Your Auntie called and shes going to be here any minute.  You need to get dressed for your party.
Okay, Alicia responded, Im going.
I laid out your pretty white dress on your bed, do you need my help?
No, Alicia said, I can do it.  Im a big girl now.
Yes, I know, Katharyn said, But even big girls need help sometimes.  
No, they dont, Alicia responded.
Katharyn smiled.
Call me if you need me, honey. 
Alicia skipped out of the room just moments before Jonathan entered. He was just as dark, shadowy, and out of focus as before.  In his hands he carried what appeared to be a small odd shaped package wrapped in a blanket; a package which writhed and moved. Katharyns back was towards him, as she was facing the counter preparing food.  But she nevertheless greeted him and asked him to help prepare for the party.  Jonathan declined.
Katharyn, he said, we need to talk.
Katharyn turned towards him.  Jonathan adjusted the blanket covering the bundle.  And soon it was clear to all just what he was holdinga baby, perhaps only a few weeks old.  Ms.Pembleton looked at the child with surprise, pain, and immediate recognition.  Katharyns response lacked only the latter.
Jon, Katharyn said, Whose child is that?
Its mine, he said.
What do you mean, Its mine? Katharyn said.
This is my child, Jonathan said, My daughter.  
The beautiful girl-child was as bright-eyed and big-cheeked as Ms.Pembleton had once described her.   
Katharyn stared at the baby in disbelief for a long moment.  
From another woman, Katharyn said flatly, turning away from him.  
Obviously, Jonathan said wryly.
Katharyn laid her two hands on the counter around the sink for a moment.  She closed her eyes and breathed deeply.  And then she began doing the dishes.
Well, Katharyn, Jonathan said, Arent you going to say something?
What can I say? Katharyn responded, You tell me youve had an affair, a child with another woman.  How am I supposed to react?
I dont know, Jonathan said, Anger.  Screaming at least.  Some sort of emotion.  Some sort of recognition that you are alive, Kat.
Katharyn took another deep breath, and underneath it she said, barely loud enough to understand, Anger? You have no idea, you bastard.  I could tear this world apart.
Well, why dont you, then?  Jonathan said.  The baby in his arms fussed.
Katharyn closed her eyes and shook her head.  She stopped the water in the sink, but kept her back turned towards her husband.
How could you do this to us? was Katharyns response after a long while, although it was unclear just who was included in the proffered pronoun.
Dont give me that, Jonathan said, You betrayed me long ago.
I never Katharyn began, but was interrupted by Jonathan: 
You betrayed me by bringing him home with you every evening.  By every time you cried for him when you thought I was sleeping.  By every time you turned into ice and silence.  By every time you looked at me and wished I was another.  You carry that photo of him around in your purse for Crissakes.  Dont think I havent seen you staring at it, day after day, when you think Im not looking! How the hell am I supposed to compete with a ghost?
Its a photo of my family! Youve never had to, she began.
Bull-shoe Jonathan interrupted.  Katharyn was silenced by the curse of her husband.  And for a long while they stared at each other with anger and disappointment in their eyes.  And Ms.Pembleton stared at her mother and her step-father and her step-sister with pain and frustration and shock in her own.  And the little lion toy on the counter stared at all of them; and we saw it all through and within that one button eye.
Katharyn, said Jonathan, quietly breaking the quiet, Why did you even marry me?  Why, when all you could think of was him?
Why did you? Ms. Pembleton echoed his sentiment.  
It took some moments for Katharyn to answer.  But when she did, her words seemed as if they were springing from a great torrent which had been nevertheless hushed and boxed into submission:
Because, she paused here, as if forming her words carefully, Because I loved you. 
Jonathan laughed, but his wife nonetheless continued, Yes, I did love you.  And I still love you.  Those were hard days for me, and you were a good friend.  And you were a good father. You were there for me when I needed you, and I will always appreciate it.  And even when perhaps we lost our friendship, I loved you for her sake.
Although neither of the two identified this last her, perhaps it could be easily extrapolated.  Indeed, the very air seemed to whisper:  Alicia.
Ms. Pembleton at least seemed to deduce as much:  
Are you saying that my mother stayed in an unhappy marriage because of me?  Its amazing the kind of guilt that this woman has laid upon me.  
Geo shook his head and motioned her to be silent.  Wait and see.
Mommy, Alicia yelled from the other room, where she had been perhaps momentarily forgotten and yet ever still remembered.
The sleeping child in Jonathans arms seemed to rouse at the noise, a cracked wail coming from her young voice, as if she was confused.  Or tired.  Or hungry.  Or, most likely, all at the same time.
I need to go to Alicia, Katharyn said, starting to exit the room.
Katharyn wait, Jonathan said.  She stopped next to him, and he thrust the now urgently fussing Sarah in her arms.
 We need to take care of this child, he said.
Take her back to her mother, Katharyn said, offering the child back to him.
No, Jonathan said, rejecting her offer, She is staying here.  We need to raise her, together.  Her mother... is not available.
What do you mean, not available? Katharyn said, rocking the baby as it fussed.  
Jonathan shook his head, refusing to give further explanation.
And so, his wife continued, How can you ask this of me?  How dare you ask me to raise this child?
Im asking no more than the courtesy I have given you, Jonathan retorted, Allie doesnt even know Im not her real father.  This girl doesnt need to know that youre not her real mother.
The perhaps simple logic of this statement seemed to overcome Katharyns resistance, even if it was somewhat less than emotionally nuanced.  And for many moments she rocked the child back and forth in her arms, considering this, until all had quieted.
Mommy! Alicia called once again from the other room, this time with more urgency and frustration.
I need to go, Katharyn said. 
She offered the baby back to him again.  Jonathan started to protest, but Katharyn stopped him.
 Just take her for now, she said, I cant go in there and introduce this child to Alicia like this.  Take the baby to the store and get some infant formula and some diapers.  And then come back here and get Alicias old baby things out of storage. 
Jonathan took the child.  Katharyn turned towards the door of the room.
Kate, I still love you, Jonathan said.  
Katharyn closed her eyes as if she was calling on some hidden store of patience, although as her back was turned away from both Jonathan and Ms.Pembleton, it was unlikely that either saw this.  
Then she opened her eyes after a moment, as if inspired by something:
Get something special for Alicia, too, while youre out there.  I saw this lion toy at Cymballs that I think shell just loveits the white one with the bright blue nose.  It would be nice if you gave it to her this afternoon, when we introduce this girl to her as her sisterto make her feel special.  It is her birthday, after all.
Fine, Jonathan said, fine, I will.
He looked down at the baby in his hands.
Whats her name? Katharyn asked, taking her final steps out of the room, hanging onto the open doorframe.
Sarah, he called after her, Her name is Sarah.  

*
Father and daughter faded after Katharyn left the room, leaving Ms. Pembleton and Geo seemingly alone.  But not for long, since before Ms. Pembleton could offer any further commentary to her fuzzy companion, the mirror of her former self walked back into the room.  Little Alicia was dressed for the aforementioned party, with a pretty white shoes and pink ribbons in her hair.  She had a huge smile upon her faceindeed, her whole body seemed to be lit up with enthusiasm.
Alicia strode directly over to Ms. Pembleton and looked up at her, exclaiming:  Youre here! You came to my birthday party!
Ms. Pembleton seemed to smile at this, despite herself:
 Yes, she said, Of course I came.  Happy birthday.
Thank you! Alicia chimed sweetly.
Youre welcome.
Guess what? the child asked playfully.
What? Ms. Pembleton said, playing along.
Mommy and Daddy got me the best present, ever!
Oh, you mean a stuffed lion toy? Ms. Pembleton guessed.
No, the girl said, without a beat, looking sideways at her older, and in many ways, deader and aliver self, they got me a little sister!
Ms.Pembleton wiped away a ghostly tear, yes, I know.
The little dream-girl continued unabated, Her names Sarah and shes got bright eyes and fuzzy hair and tiny fingers and tiny toes and no teeth and she is going to be all mine!
All yours? Ms. Pembleton asked.
Yes!  She is my baby! Alicia said proudly.  
What looked like Viennes disembodied head suddenly popped into the room.
Allie? the head called, what are you doing in here, honey?  You should be outside enjoying your party with the rest of your guests.
Okay, Aunt Vee! Im coming!  Alicia said.
Vienne glanced quickly around the room, but as she likely saw nothing further, the head left the room just as quickly as it had entered.
Alicia grabbed Ms. Pembletons hand and said:  Come outside!  Were going to open presents!  And there are balloons and cake and ice cream and Daddy dressed up like a clown and is going to do a show for us!  
Little Alicia tugged the spirit all the way to outside the back patio door.  There was a mass of people in the light and airy little garden.  Alicia relinquished her grip on Ms.Pembleton in the middle of the crowd, skipping instead over to a mound of presents set up next to the small pool.  Geo had disappeared for the moment, too, and so Ms.Pembleton was left standing awkwardly alone in the middle of the party.  None of the other guests were apparently able to see her.
Ms.Pembleton shifted her spirit feet and glanced at the partygoers.  Katharyn, Vienne, and a clown-version of Jonathan could be found mingling among the crowd.  Jonathan was holding the young, sleeping Sarah in his arms, next to what appeared to be the drinks table.  The rest of the guests seemed to be indistinct adult and child figures, as usual.  But, as usual, two in particular could be distinguished, standing a few feet behind and to the side of Katharyn.  They were, as you may have guessed, the gossips that we have come to know and despise.  Apparently, mouth wore the same hat to every social occasion.  And at every social occasion, was more than willing to be a source of insidious misinformation.  And ears, complete with umbrella, was there also, always willing to cheer at the misfortune of her neighbors.
Well, my, oh my, mouth said, jeeringly, Would you take a look at that?
Little Alicia dove into the pile of gifts like an Olympian.  She immediately began tearing at the packaging.  Bits and pieces of ribbons and wrapping paper flew into the air as she worked, falling down to settle on the ground in a circle around her like an impact crater.  Most of the presents turned out to be mere childhood nothings, although a few precious books could be found amongst the pile of loot.  Upon the gracious prompting other her mother, Alicia dutifully thanked each of the guests for their respective portions.  And just when she had finished sorting through the pile, Vienne disappeared and reappeared with a medium sized package covered tastefully in lavender and silver wrapping paper.
Here, honey, Vienne said, handing Alicia this last gift, This one is from your Daddy.
The girl grabbed and voraciously unwrapped the gift, which was soon revealed as a much newer and much cleaner version of the little lion toy.  Alicia loved the toy immediately, squeezing it excitedly to her body and thanking her father for the gift.  She soon settled on the name for the toy, as previously explained.  But not long after, the child turned and looked at the mountain of trinkets surrounding her, and said something remarkably unusual for a child her age:
Daddy, can I give Sarah Geo? I want it to be her birthday, too.
Of course, sweetheart, Jonathan said, I think that would be very nice.  You can give her anything you want.
Most of the crowd appropriately Awwed.
Mouth, however, had this to say:
Look at that poor misguided child, giving that baby girl a present like its her real sistershe doesnt even realize that baby girls a bastard.  
Mouth almost undoubtedly meant for this snide comment to be only heard by ears, but it was perhaps inadvertently said just loud enough so that Katharyn and Ms.Pembleton, who both stood nearby, could have heard and understood it.  And, indeed, it was apparent that both women had in fact heard these words; for each appeared as if a dagger had pierced their respective hearts.  
In that moment, Ms.Pembleton cursed and muttered at the two slithering scuttlebutts.  But it was Katharyn who, in that significant moment, took more decisive and effective action.
For in that moment, there must have been a small revelation in Katharyns heart; a revolution as the effect of these words changed from that of shame to anger.  Indeed, there must have been a cataclysmic alteration within this woman as she rose up at that moment to fiercely defend her family.  For in that moment, Katharyn casually walked over to her husband and gingerly plucked the sleeping Sarah from his fingers.
This is my daughter, Katharyn said, standing defiantly with the child in her arms, glaring at the two grotesque gossips.
She is my baby.  
And with these words, the entire world faded to black.



Chapter 8

When the world was light again, it seemed as if Ms. Pembleton and Geo had not travelled far.  They were back in her mothers kitchen.  Geo sat on the counter, Ms.Pembleton floated near the floor.  The room had changed, howeverit was both brighter and grayer all at the same time.  And the walls and floorthe same green and yellow colornevertheless seemed to be more substantial, less fluid, as if they were truly there and not just some dream of the unknown.  
Upon the green Formica tabletop sat the plate of pie left there by Vienne some time ago.  The flies which had been buzzing about this half-eaten testament to a hurried goodbye and strained relationship had now entirely conquered the sugared confection.  Or, at least, their offspring seemed to be near victory, as their little maggot bodies were intently devouring its sickly sweet contents.  
Ms.Pembleton noticed this with disgust.  She turned to the little lion toy on the counter.
So, Geo, she said, wiping her face from tears, What the hell was the point of all that?  
The little lion toy sighed.  Come now, Miss Pembleton, cant you at least try and figure it out?
No, Ms. Pembleton said, You said that seeing all that would help me.  And all it did was make me angry.  All it did was destroy what little happiness I still have from my childhood memories; tear apart everything I thought I knew; spoil what brought me joy.
Geo jumped off the counter and stretched outwards, his paws and legs expanding until he stood level with the countertop.
If there was anything which was torn at or destroyed, it was at some of the veils that were separating you from the truth.  
Whatever, Ms. Pembleton said, Why would you want to do that, anyway?  Those veils helped me to live!
In a flash, Geo transformed from the furry toy into the Angel of Death, its mighty black wings spreading forth in waves of lighting and thunder.  Death rushed at Ms.Pembleton.  She screamed, frightened, and attempted to flee from the emblazoned figure.  But she could not escape.  The Angel was too swift, and in one motion grabbed Ms.Pembletons left hand and lifted her off of the ground.  They took flight, the embodiment of Death effortlessly bursting through the roof.  
Up and up they winged their way into the skies and the heavens, Ms.Pembleton dragged unceremoniously by her hand, dangling behind the Angels wings as they ascended.  Soon her mothers home and, indeed the entire city, were so far away that they seemed no more than brushstrokes on a painting.  The Angel of Death and Ms.Pembleton left the blue haze of the atmosphere and swam in the emptiness and fullness beyond the earth.  Ms.Pembleton and Death floated in space, like two new spectral satellites, revolving around the globe.
Soon afterwards Death slowed and grabbed onto Ms. Pembletons other hand, turning her towards the world below.  And as the two gazed as immortal stars peering upon the earth, the Angel of Death communicated:
Those veils did not help you live.
Ms.Pembleton looked down, astonished, as the blue, white, and green twists of the earth below began to swirl and swim.
They blinded you from true existence.
The material earth dissolved and parted, until all that remained was a great sphere of threading lights, moving and dancing as humans upon the earth.  And Ms. Pembleton saw that each light was somehow separate and unique, and yet still connected and essentially the same.  And some of these lights shined more brightly than others:  Some were so dark they could barely be seen to move upon the world; and yet a few shone so brightly that they were as blinding flames, igniting all that surrounded them.  
Ms.Pembleton stared at the world until it seemed as if she would almost burst with the revelation of it.  And then the Angel of Death turned her around until they both peered out into the space beyond the earth.  The emptiness became like a mirror, reflecting the light of the world.  And as she stared into the mirror of the universe, Ms. Pembleton saw herself floating within.  She saw her own self, perhaps for the very first time:  A web of light and darkness, held aloft by an Angel.  And as she looked upon herself in illumination, she began to notice the dark holes in her figure; the spaces in between where no light shone or shone only dimly.  Ms.Pembleton began to cry then, weeping with her whole being, a deep sadness for the emptiness within; for the glory which could have been hers.
Everything, everything I knew I was I was what am I? Is this my soul? Ms. Pembleton asked.
Yes, at least, it is as you understand it.
And then she asked the question she had longed to ask, but the answer to which she heretofore could not listen:  If this is my soul, then is there a God?
No.  
I knew it, Ms. Pembleton said, her tone an odd mix of both disappointment and triumphalism.
No, there is not a God as you and so many have come to conceive of itthere is not some vengeful or neglectful Being up in the sky, playing with lives. After all, if given the choice, as you have had, I would not believe in such a deity either.  
Im glad we finally agree on something, Ms.Pembleton interrupted.  
But let me continue with this:  The very act of creation demands a Creatorafter all, for every work there is an author.  And for the Great Work that is life and the universe, there is certainly an Author.
So you are saying there is a God, then.
The One whom I am referring is far beyond such limited human expressionsbut for the sake of conversation, I will say yesthere is a God, in this sense.   
But if there is this deity, then why would that God allow all this suffering?  Why all the hurt and pain and broken experiences?
The Angel of Death gazed down on Ms. Pembleton with love and compassion.
Life is a schoolhouse, Miss Pembleton.  You must have tests, to progress.
Ms.Pembleton quietly contemplated this, and then asked:
So God is the cause of all these tests?
Some are accidental, some the result of nature; most from our own folly or that of another.  But God also gifts tests to the best, in order that they may learn and understand.   
But what if I dont learn from a test? 
You are tested again.
But what if I fail the test again and again?
You will be tested again and again.
And what if I never learn, or what if I give up entirely and never even try to pass?
The Angel lifted Ms. Pembletons webbed hand and spread her fingers before her face.
Emptiness.
Ms.Pembleton seemed truly frightened then, as if she regretted all that had been done and not done, and said and left unsaid.  But her expression soon turned contemplative, as if she had come to some point of understanding.  Her spirit form transformed into a form much more reminiscent of the material Alicia, as she had once been.  But now there appeared a gleam in her eyes which had not been there before, or, at the very least, not for a very long time.
As she and Death began to descend back to the earth they spoke of many things; things which will not be recounted here, so as to not deprive you of your own personal discovery and investigation of such matters.  But suffice it to say, both beings benefitted from the conversation.  And as they returned to the atmosphere, the world once again swam in material colors.

*
Ms.Pembleton and Geo, in lion toy form again, floated down to the kitchen.  It seemed as if no time had passed since their flight, at least in earthly estimation.  The maggots were still wriggling on the plate of half-eaten pie on the table, in exactly the same position.  And the housewhich was clearly material and seemed ever more in the presentseemed wrapped in a shroud of mourning.  All was silent, seemingly empty.  But the unmistakable groan of water rushing through the houses plumbing, followed by the rush of water upon tile, soon announced another inhabitant of the building.  This sound was soon followed by the grunt and clamor of Katharyn lifting herself into the tub in the bathroom.
My friend.  
Ms.Pembleton looked at Geo.
Are you now willing to take that step that you had once so easily rejected?
She thought about this a moment.
 I honestly dont know if Im ready, she said, finally, But Im at least willing to try.
Ms.Pembleton took the lion toy by the hand and they both walked out of the kitchen, past the living room, down the hall, and on through the open door to the bathroom.
Katharyn was soaking in clear bathwater.  Her naked body looked emaciated and broken; her eyes were sunken deeply into her head and circled with darkness.  She lay in the bathtub motionless, inactive, and staring blankly at the chipped tile walls.  She did not acknowledge either her daughters presence or that of her spiritual companion as they floated into the room.  Her chair was resting alongside the tub, and Ms. Pembleton sat down on it.  Geo stood next to them both.
Mom, Ms. Pembleton finally began, after a long silence, I I just dont know where to begin.  I just dont understand you.  I was angry at you for so long.  I was angry because I blamed you for everything.  I think I was angry at myself, too, because for a long time I felt like it was my fault, too, like I couldnt hold onto them.  And maybe I still feel like it is my fault.  And maybe it is because I am just so angry at myself that for the longest time I couldnt forgive you, too.  And I honestly dont know if I can, now, but
Alicia, Katharyn interrupted.
Ms.Pembleton was called to attention by her name.
Alicia, Katharyn said again.
Yes, mother? Ms. Pembleton responded.
 You were right.
I was right? Ms. Pembleton said, confused.
You were right! Katharyn wailed, There is nothing!
What are you saying? Ms. Pembleton asked.
Theres nothing! Katharyn sobbed, Nothing! Nothing, out there!  
Katharyn shifted her body, slowly slipping further into the water.
Mom, Alicia began, What are you talking..  
But then she screamed, Wait when she saw that Katharyn had let her body slip further down until the steamy liquid covered her head, slipping underneath the water entirely.  Katharyn exhaled all the living breath within her lungs in three bubbling bursts.
Mom, Alicia called, and then again with more urgency: Mom! when it became apparent that Mrs. Katharyn Pembleton was not coming up; when it was clear that she did not mean to breathe again, that she would give way to hopelessness and allow broken legs and back slip and pull her under the water and extinguish her souls bodily tether forever.
Alicia stared at her mother in disbelief for a moment, almost not understanding what was happening, but then suddenly became frantic.
Mother! she screamed, Mother!
And then Ms.Pembleton let loose of all which had been holding her back.  Crying, she leaped out of her mothers chair and threw her spirit hands into the water.  With her spirit fingers, she tried to grab onto her mothers broken frame.  But her incorporeal hands passed right through, as if Katharyn, too, was made of water.
Mother!  Please! Im so sorry! Alicia screamed, I was wrong! Do you hear me? I was wrong! Please! Please! I forgive you!  Please breathe!  Please come up for air!  
Her spirit fingers grasped fruitlessly at her mothers shoulders.  
And just when it seemed that Mrs. Katharyn Pembleton had breathed her last, she opened her eyes and peered right through the haze of water.  And for just a slight moment it seemed as if she could see her daughter floating above her; that she could feel her spirit tears and could hear her ghostly pleading.
And yet, she could not have possibly seen her.   Alicia was dead and gone and, according to many, could not have been there for her to see.  And yet, Katharyn still came up choking, coughing the water out of her lungs, and calling her daughters name, as if she had.
Alicia! Katharyn sputtered, struggling to regain her breath.
Her eyes scanned the room wildly.  They did not betray any recognition; did not seem to actually latch onto the vision of her dead daughter.  But still, her eyes eventually came to rest, staring right through, but not precisely at, Ms.Pembleton.
Mommy, Ms. Pembleton said, reaching out to her mother.  
Katharyn did not respond.  Perhaps she could not hear her, regardless of what she could feel or understand.
Both women were left sobbing quietlyKatharyn on the side of the tub, Ms.Pembleton in a heap upon the floorboth more aware of, and yet still so oblivious, to one another; both whispering the unsaid things that neither were sure the other could hear.  Until suddenly there came an abrupt ringing that startled them both out of tears.

*
The ringing turned out to be, as you may have guessed, that of a doorbell.  It was rung several times, in sequence, with increasing frustration.  Katharyn reluctantly pulled herself out of the tub and into a bathrobe and went to answer the door.  Ms.Pembleton followed her mother.  The little lion toy seemed to have disappeared for the moment.
Vienne and a young man Katharyn probably did not recognize stood on the threshold.  Ms.Pembleton appeared to recognize the young man immediately, however, but with apparent displeasure, as she asked the young man, in unison with her mother (who had directed her question to her own sister):
What are you doing here?
Kate, Vienne said, Can we come in?
What do you want? Katharyn said
You havent been answering your phone, Vienne stated, glaring meaningfully, Will you let us in?  
Katharyn glared just as evocatively in return, but after a long moment sighed and retreated, permitting the two visitors to enter.  
Ms. Pembleton trailed behind the young man, repeating her query with surprise and perhaps anger at his appearance; a query that went unanswered, for perhaps obvious reasons.
The group settled into the living room, although none were seated save Katharyn, for perhaps similarly obvious reasons.  And for awhile, the dead and the dying stood around staring at each other in a strange little circle, remaining silent as each assessed the other.  The young man,  red-faced and red haired, shifted awkwardly on his feet and looked about the room, his eyes glancing and dancing over the little lopsided loop of a family, to which he was an obvious outsider.
So, what do you want? Katharyn said, finally shattering the uneasy silence.
You havent been answering your phone, Vienne said.
Yes, youve already established that, Katharyn said, somewhat impatiently.
I was worried, Vienne offered.  Her tone was slightly less conciliatory than it was condescending.
I am sure you were, she responded in a tone which acknowledged and matched that of her sisters.
Katharyn turned her attention to the awkward young man who had intruded into her home, asking in a polite but unwelcoming tone, And who are you?
Ricky Cordigan, said Ms.Pembleton, with anger and accusation in her own tone.  
Ricky parroted the introduction, but of course, unlike Ms. Pembletons, his introduction could be heard.
Okay, finebut what are you doing in my home? Katharyn asked.
Maam, I Ricky sputtered, I knew your daughter, and I I wanted to talk to you because
Because you killed her, Katharyn stated flatly.
Ms.Pembleton flinched slightly at her mothers words.
I have read the police report, Mister Cordigan, Katharyn continued, But I still do not understand why you came to my home today.
I brought him here, Vienne explained.
And why would you do that, Vienne?  Katharyn asked.
To help you.
To help me? Katharyn asked, incredulously, Tell me, Vienne, how is unexpectedly hosting the boy who ran over my daughter in my home, while I am in my bathrobe no less, supposed to help me?
Maam, I wanted to come here to talk to you, Ricky interrupted, before Vienne could defend her challenged logic, You see, I have been thinking  a lot, ever since that day, ever since I recognized Alicia as the girl who...  You see, I knew Alicia from primary school, and I remembered how we had picked on her, calling her names... we were so cruel I remember we even made fun of her after we had heard that her Dad and sister died.
You were children, Katharyn said plainly.
Ricky did not seem to hear her, or pick up on the polite dismissal in her response.  Perhaps the long time use of substances designed for physical enhancement had left him with a large heart, but with less nuanced emotional susceptibilities.  He continued, without skipping a beat:
And, you see, that daythe day of the accident.  I hadnt seen her for years.  But for some reason I was just thinking about her all day.  And then out of the blue, I just saw her walking down the street. It was like she just appeared out of nowhere.  And then just as quick she just stepped off that curb without even looking to see what was comingit was like she jumped out like she didnt even care... that it didnt even matter what was coming her way....
You bastard, what are you trying to say? Ms.Pembleton said, through clenched teeth, What the hell are you doing here? Get out of here.
Ricky did not hear her.  He continued, uninterrupted:
...And then Miss Braunhauer here called me, and told me about all the troubles you had been having, and I just felt so bad and she said that maybe I could help by coming and explaining things to you, and so I...
And so youve said enough, Katharyn said curtly, And now I must respectfully ask you to leave, Mister Cordigan.
Both Ricky and Vienne began to protest: Misses Pembleton, I dont think you understand that Im trying to say Im sorry.
Katharyn, I really think you need to listen to this.
I understand what you are both saying.  And thank you for the apology, Mister Cordigan. But please now hear what I am saying to you.  Mister Cordigan should leave, Katharyn said.
With this reaffirmation, Ricky slowly turned to go: even though he might have been a bit dim to the true nature of the events presently playing out in that house, he was polite enough to leave it.  Vienne saw him out the door, but returned to the living room to continue the conversation, or, perhaps it would be more accurate to say, to continue the confrontation.

*
What the hell is wrong with you? Vienne abruptly asked her sister, who had already begun to retreat back into her bedroom, presumably to find more appropriate attire.  The question stopped her short, however, and she sat quietly for just a few moments before proceeding, but not before throwing a request for Vienne to join Ricky out the door.  
No, Im not leaving, Vienne retorted, walking over to Katharyn and grabbing the handle of her chair, You cant just kick me out of here.
Ms.Pembleton for her own part had moved to stand between her mother and aunt, quite near to where the little lion toy had stood before, in a conversation of a different sort.  The toy, however, was not visible at that moment.
Yes, I can, Katharyn said, with unsuppressed anger, This is my home, not yours, remember?
You cant keep avoiding me, Katharyn, Vienne said, ignoring her sisters assertion, We need to talk about this.
Talk about what? Katharyn said, There is nothing more to talk about.
Of course there is! Vienne said, Like what the hell is wrong with you these days?  I mean, just look at yourself.  You look sloppy, Kate.  Its embarrassing, what youve become.
Ms. Pembleton appeared rather shocked and upset at this last statement.  Katharyn for her own part stared at her sister in a moment of disbelief, before shaking off the slight with a nod of her head.
Perhaps then I am just done talking with you.  I wish you would just leave. Katharyn said, adding after a moment, And not come back.
What do you mean, not come back?
I mean exactly what I said, Vienne.
Youre crazy with grief, Vienne responded, brushing off Katharyns barefaced request, You dont know what youre saying.
No, Katharyn said, No, I think maybe for the first time in a long time I am finally making sense.
Youve got to be kidding!
No, I am absolutely serious.  I love you, Vienne, but for my sakefor both our sakes, I need you to go.  I want you to leave, and not come back.
You mean forever?
Yes, Katharyn said, That is exactly what I mean.
Why? Vienne whined, I dont understand!
Ms.Pembleton started to express a similar sentiment, sprinkling doubt upon the wisdom of her mother alienating her only living relative, but her expression was cut short with Viennes next words:
 Thats not fair.  What are you trying to do, punish me?
Ms. Pembleton looked hopelessly confused:  What?  Why would she need to punish you? she asked.
Im not trying to punish you, Katharyn exclaimed, then shook her head, This is not about punishment.  Or forgiveness for that matter.
Kate, youre not making any sense! Vienne screamed, I dont understand!
Thats because youre not listening.
I am listening!
No, youre not. Katharyn said, You never have.  And at this point I dont know if you ever will.  You are such a child.  Youve never fully understood even why I had to forgive you, did you?  Just like youve never understood that I did not forgive you for youthat I forgave you for something much more important than either of us.
Kate, please!  Now youre just being mean.  And anyway, who are you to be the one throwing me out, after what you did!  Youre lucky that I havent left you, too, after all these years!
Ms.Pembleton looked at them both with what appeared to be indecision, not knowing who to support in the hidden sidelines of this particular fight.
Vienne, you have no idea what youre even talking about, do you?  But that doesnt even matter anymore, Katharyn said, There comes a point when this is no longer about forgiveness, but about justice.  And it is no longer just for either of us to be together.
Justice? Vienne said.  And after a long moment, perhaps not knowing how else to respond,  she continued: Justice?  Youre saying you want to throw me, your only sister, out of your life because of justice?  You are crazy!  After all, who are you to be talking about justice?  
Katharyn turned her head.
Dont you turn away from me! Vienne screamed, Who are you to talking about justice?  What the hell do you know about justice?
Vienne, I think Ive explained myself enough.  Please just go.  Katharyn said.
No, Im not leavingyou havent explained anything! Vienne cried, What do you know about justice?  Youre the one whos always talking about justicebut what kind of justice is there in life? It doesnt exist! If there is a God, what kind of justice has He shown me?  And what great bounty has all your faithfulness brought you?  I mean, just look at you.  A broken down disgusting thing.  And our entire family, dead, gone forever. What kind of justice is that?  You dont know anything about justice!  You have no right to do this!  You have no right to try and punish me!
Viennes speech left her gasping for breath.  And the silence which followed might have been easily mistaken as an affirmation, but for two perhaps easily missed elements in the emotionally charged room which rose up in stark but silent contrast to her misguided appeal.  The first emanated from the eyes of Katharyn, whose steely look betrayed a resolve as strong as the chair in which she maneuvered her physical being; the second was this momentous but quiet insight from Ms. Pembleton, who whispered:
No. That wasnt God.  It was our choices.
Vienne did not seem to notice either of these subtle but nonetheless potent counters to her impassioned plea.  She stood triumphantly in the middle of that living room like general standing victoriously over a corpse-ridden battlefield.   But her assumed conquest was short lived, as Katharyn seemed to have composed herself enough to actually voice the sentiment of her cool resolve, and so began:
Vienne, every word that is coming out of your mouth just convinces me even further that I need to get away from you.  
Viennes countenance deflated, but soon was flushed with stubborn anger.
See, you dont even have a response, she said, You cant even explain what you are trying to do!
 Perhaps youre right, Katharyn responded, But Im not going to sit here and argue with you about justice.  Youre an adult and you should know better, and certainly if you had been listening as you should all these years you wouldnt say such cruel and ignorant things.
Youre the one being cruel, Kate! Vienne whined.
But more than that, Katharyn continued, unabated, Im not going to argue with you because, honestly, Im tired.  Im tired of all the guilt and all the blame.  Im tired of all the blame youve put on me.  Im tired of all the blame that Ive placed upon myself.  Im tired of looking at my life like it is some sort of punishment.
Kate Vienne began.
Because it isnt, Katharyn continued, in spite of the interruption, My life isnt a punishment.  After all, my body may be broken, but I will never be imprisoned if my spirit is free.  And I cannot be free as long as Im living my life as if this guilt is controlling me.  I have to learn to forgive myself.  After all, if I am going to believe in a forgiving God, I have to believe that God can forgive me for the many mistakes Ive made in life.  And I just cant do that with you around anymore.  I cant learn to forgive me when every time I see you all I can feel is anger and loss and shame.  And that is why I need you to leave.  So that is why I am asking you to go.  For both of our sakes, please just go.
Vienne apparently had no great response to this.  And in the long silence that followed, Ms.Pembleton whispered:
Mother, I...  Mother, youre right.  Youre rightits not the body.
Katharyn looked defiantly at her younger sister, appearing to be six feet tall even though she was seated.  When it became clear that she had nothing further she would offer on this point, Vienne said, somewhat resentfully:
Youre going to regret this.  Youll see, youll come crawling back to me.  Youre too weak to make it on your own.
That may be, Vienne, she responded, But Im no weaker than you are.  And certainly I, of all people, know that you cannot support yourself on a broken limb.  So go home, Viennego to your own home.  Go take care of yourself, if you are so strong.  And stop relying on me to prop yourself upon.  Im not willing to lay there, with all my hope  crushed underneath your careless fingers.  And I will say for the last time, my dear sister:  just leave.  Leave and leave me be.
With only a few more angry words that were perhaps said to merely ensure that she had had the last of the conversation, but were too meaningless to be worth recounting, Vienne walked angrily towards the front door and slammed herself out.
Ms.Pembleton flopped down on the couch (at least as much as a ghost can be said to flop).  Katharyn gathered her robe tightly against her chest and turned her face towards the corner of the room, where the urn which held her daughters physical remnants still rested upon a small side table, and where, perhaps unknowingly, she also stared past her daughters living spirit.
Mom, Ms. Pembleton said, II just hope you know what youre doing.

*
Katharyn turned and headed towards the kitchen, where she picked up the telephone receiver and began to make a call.
Yes, can I speak to Mr.Branche? Katharyn asked, after a voice on the other side of the line offered a somber business hello.
Geo, Ms. Pembleton asked from the couch, as her mother confirmed the identification of the other speaker, Are you here?
Of course.  The little lion toy reappeared in the left side of the room.
Would you mind telling me what all that was about? she asked, seemingly ignoring her mothers background conversation.
No.  But not at the moment.
And why not?
You already know the answer.
Ah, not the right time yet, I suppose. Ms.Pembleton surmised.
Geo half nodded.
So where to, now? she asked, Off to ruin further childhood delusions?  It has been said that sarcasm is the lowest form of humor; a notion to which I am only inclined to agree when I am at the wrong end of it. 
Soon.  Geo smiled wryly, now be a good duckling and follow your mother.
Wha Ms. Pembleton began, but was startled silent by the front doorbell sounding again.
Katharyn came out of the hallway fully and formally dressed, having apparently gotten ready during her daughters inattention.  Indeed, the entire house seemed to have been cleaned and sorted; there were no more dirty dishes decaying upon the kitchen table, no more flies buzzing about the room.  The leather bound book, frame, and urn were arranged reverently on a side table.
At the front door, Katharyn greeted a sweaty Mr.Branche, who had undoubtedly come at her summons.  She welcomed him into the house and then asked him to come straight out again through the back door, explaining that the front lacked appropriate facilities for her exit.  Mr. Branche was, of course, obliging, and followed as instructed.  Ms.Pembleton also followed as instructed, with perhaps more sympathy than she had shown before.  Katharyn picked up the small container on the side table as they headed out the back door.
They all went to a large black vehicle parked in the driveway at the side of the house.  Mr.Branche assisted Katharyn to the front passenger seat and positioned her chair into the large, open back of the vehicle.  He then sat down on the drivers side of the vehicle.  Ms.Pembleton moved straight through the passenger side door and sat down in the middle of the front bench, between the funeral parlor director and her mother.  She apparently did not remember that her last climb into a long vehicle left her floating in mid-air.  Ultimately, however, this did not matter as the vehicle backed out of the driveway carrying Ms. Pembletons spirit with little difficulty.  Perhaps she did not phase right through this particular vehicle because it was more used to carrying spirits.  Or perhaps Ms.Pembleton had just learned to float along a bit better with everything.

*
The three travelled outside the city along a long and winding road.  A bright summer sun shone from a clear blue sky.  Few words were spoken.  They made one stop at a florist, where a dozen white roses were quietly purchased.  Before long, the car turned left off the road, past a large wrought-iron gate, and into a great open field lined with rows of stones and statues carved with names and dates and placed in remembrance.  A small paved driveway wound through the space.  Mr.Branche stopped the vehicle along the side of the pavement behind another vehicle.  He assisted Katharyn out onto the lawn.  Ms.Pembleton climbed out after Katharyn, and they both proceeded down an aisle between two rows, the small urn and flowers in Katharyns lap.  Mr.Branche remained standing beside the vehicle.
After a few moments, mother and daughter halted between two stones, each engraved with the name, Pembleton.  A small, square hole had been neatly dug between the two, the mound of displaced dirt resting nearby.  Katharyn slowly lifted herself from her chair and down onto the lawn, resting her body in front of the hole between the two headstones.  
After a moment of prayerful remembrance, Katharyn laid the urn containing what little remained of Ms.Pembletons ashes into the opening.  She covered the urn with the small mound of earth, pausing only to wipe a small tear that fell from her left eyelid.  Ms.Pembleton stood behind and watched her mothers work in silence.
Alicia, Katharyn said when she had finished, closing her eyes.
Yes, mother, Ms.Pembleton responded.
Allie, Katharyn continued, I do not know if you can hear me.  All I have is faith and hope that you dothat maybe you will hear and understand what I want to say to you.  I brought your ashes here so you can be near your father and your sister, my darling.  Maybe you know the truth now, the truth that I could never bring myself to tell you.  But I want you to know, that they really are your father and sisterif not by blood, then by spirit.  They always loved you, just as I will always love you.  And I am so sorry for everything.  Im so sorry for everything Ive done; for everything I failed to do. I am so sorry I failed you.
She stopped then for a moment, casting her face downward, and then she whispered: I love you, my beautiful daughter.  I hope you can forgive me.
Ms. Pembleton sat down next to her mother, and placed her hand upon her shoulder.
Yes, Mother.  I hear you. she said simply.
Katharyn scattered a few of the roses she brought with her on top of the new mound of earth.  She kissed the petals of the remaining roses and distributed them between the two other graves nearby.  Whispering a goodbye, she pulled herself back into her chair.  And after another long moment, she turned towards the pavement, where Mr. Branche was still waiting.  Ms.Pembleton remained still.  
Excuse me, Missus Pembleton? said a soft male voice behind them.  
Both women turned around to see a middle-aged man wearing glasses and a black business suit standing a few rows away.  Neither had noticed him before.  
He had a thin leather book in one hand.  In the other, he held an empty plastic container, which had previously contained a bouquet of flowers; a bouquet which was now laying in front of a fairly new headstone a few rows away.  This stone was engraved with the name, Kvornick.
Yes? Katharyn asked, after a moment, Can I help you?
Im so sorry to bother you, the gentleman said, Maybe you dont remember me, but I met you last week... I work as a lab technician at the county hospital.  I helped you when you... came to identify your daughter, Alicia.
Yes, Katharyn said, perhaps not fully wishing to remember this casual and slightly off-putting interaction, but nonetheless willing to accept the proffer of acquaintance.
My name is Charles... Charles Kvornick, although everyone just calls me Buddy.
Yes, Buddy, she said, acknowledging the introduction, My name is Katharyn.  How can I help you?
Yes, thank you, its just that, you see, I was here visiting my mother.  She passed away around the same time as your daughter, after a very long illness, Buddy continued, She was the only family I had left.  And I dont usually do this, but today I have been feeling so much in need of someone just to talk to... and I saw you here and... I dont know, I thought about what happened to your daughter, and I thought maybe you would be willing to....
Willing to? Katharyn prodded, sometime after the gentlemans voice trailed off.
Have a cup of coffee, Buddy said.
He shyly added with me? when no response was immediately forthcoming.
Katharyn stared at the gentleman, as if unsure of his intentions.  But after a short moment she conceded, saying: 
You know, I wouldnt mind some company, either.  
They discussed transportation arrangements while proceeding back to the waiting vehicles.  Ultimately they determined to relieve Mr.Branche from his chauffeur duties for the day and go to nearby restaurant for the said cup of coffee.
Ms.Pembleton, however, stayed behind, staring at the two headstones, as Buddys and Katharyns voices became distant murmurs of conversation.
Whispering her step-fathers name, Ms.Pembleton reached out to touch the stem of a flower placed upon his grave.  And as she did so, a pale, wretched hand sprung out from the earth and violently grabbed onto her outstretched fingers.
Ms.Pembleton screamed.  The pale hand pulled forcefully at her.  And though she resisted, Ms. Pembleton fell through the earth; down, down into a space so small and confined; so closed in and claustrophobic, that it seemed as if she were suffocating in an old and dusty casket.  And for a while there was nothing but deep darkness that surrounded her.



Chapter 9

The pale hand was attached to a spirit, so dim and distorted that its features could hardly be distinguished.   The hand pulled her closer and closer, down into its ashen and twisted ghost body, as if it somehow thought to meld with her; to somehow absorb her essence.  
Ms.Pembleton struggled, calling for assistance. And as soon as asked, help was given.  The Angel of Death descended from light into the darkness, like a glimmering ray of hope.  Ms.Pembleton hurriedly latched onto the Angel, and Death took flight up towards the surface, pulling Ms.Pembleton back up into the light.  And the pallid spirit, which did not relinquish its grip, trailed behind her.
Upon reaching the surface, the dim spirit let go and fell to the ground, apparently blinded by the light emanating from above.  Ms.Pembleton continued clinging onto the Angel of Death, folding herself in its mighty wings, trying to recover her composure.  The dim spirit, for its part, had begun weeping loudly and in an almost ridiculous fashion upon the grassy floor.  It appeared quite small and broken, like a living puzzle missing many pieces.  And it moved as if frightened, covering what appeared to be its face with its pale hands.  And despite the near horror of its appearance, the pure emotion of this poor creature was so wretched and pitiful that perhaps some small amount of compassion could be manufactured for this figure; for this miserable soul which had tried to draw Ms.Pembleton into the world in which it lived.
What is it? Ms.Pembleton asked Death after assessing the whimpering being.  
Why dont you find out?
How?
Go over and ask.  You can speak, remember?
Ms.Pembleton glanced up at Death, acknowledging the tinge of sarcasm.  Death unfolded its wings, allowing her to step out and crouch beside the shadow.
Excuse me, she said, Hello? Can you hear me?
The creature glanced quickly at her, screamed a bit, and scooted back towards the headstone, where a beautiful red bird was perched upon the simple marble.  Neither the spirit nor Ms.Pembleton seemed to notice this last detail, however.
Wait, Ms.Pembleton said, Please, wait.  Dont be scared.  I wont hurt you.
The spirit slowly brought its fingers down, revealing a face which was swimming in an odd mixture of emotion.  But after a moment of staring into Ms.Pembleton, its face began to settle and take on a more recognizable appearance.
Dad? Ms.Pembleton asked, finally recognizing the figure, Dad is that you?
The spirit responded with a similar question of Ms.Pembleton, becoming almost brighter with the nascent recognition.  And after only a slight moment of hesitation, they embraced in love and reunion.  
Allie, Mr.Jonathan Pembleton said, it is you! I cant believe it!
Daddy! Oh my God! I am so glad I found you! Ms.Pembleton said, slightly releasing her hold to look at him
Oh my darling girl, I am so happy!  Its been so long, so lonely I I thought I was in I thought I would be alone down there forever.
What do you mean? How long have you been down there? Ms.Pembleton asked.
Mr. Pembleton thought about this a moment.
I dont know, he said, finally, I cant say exactly.  It could have been centuries.  But now it seems it could have been almost no time at all.
And all that time you were just floating there, down in the darkness? Ms.Pembleton asked, Why, Daddy, why?  Couldnt you come up into the light?
I cant explain it.  I wasnt there initially But somehow I found my way there and I well, maybe it just seemed... easier.
Easier than what?
Then what was going on outside, he said.
Ms.Pembleton prodded him with a glance. 
Well, he said, As dark and suffocated as it was it was easier than what happened than what I was going through above.  Easier than all those sorrows that just seemed to circle and circle and go nowhere.  It seemed as if I spent eternity an eternity just wandering in a hallucination of life...
Well, I certainly can relate to that. But Daddy, wasnt there anyone to guide you? said our protagonist.
Death bowed behind Ms.Pembleton.  The red bird on the headstone ruffled its feathers.  
The spirit looked confused, as if he were trying to remember something, but couldnt.
I I dont know, he said, becoming slightly agitated, Everything I remember is so mixed with darkness now that I... I just dont know.
 Its okay. Ms.Pembleton said, soothing him, It doesnt matter anymore, Daddy.  Im here with you now.
This seemed to quiet him.  And they sat for a moment just gazing at each other and speaking of nothings, until Ms. Pembleton gained enough courage to ask:
What happened that last night, Daddy?  What happened the night that you died?
I... I dont know how to explain it to you, sweetheart.
Please try, Ms.Pembleton said, It would mean so much to me.
Well, he began, I dont know what to say That night it was me and your mothers wedding anniversary.  So we made arrangements for you girls to stay the night at a friends house so we could go to dinner.  And well, at that dinner... I guess I kind of got away from myself.  I had a bit too much.  And I even convinced your Mom to have a little, which you know is a lot for her.  And well, as we were sitting there at dinner, we were laughing like old times, and I was feeling so free and joyful that I just came to realize how faithful she had been and how many sacrifices she had made.  I just decided that she had to know... that I had to tell her... to tell her.
Tell her what? Ms. Pembleton prodded.
The truth, Mr. Pembleton said gravely.
What truth?  What do you mean?
He quickly shifted his gaze downwards and shook his head: 
I told her.  I told her the truth that night.  And you know what, when I tried to tell her, it was like a part of her already knew what I was going to say.  She even begged me not to tell her.  But even though I knew how much it was going hurt her, I dont know why but I just wanted to confess.  And so I did.  And I think it almost killed her to hear it.  She ran out of the restaurant and I remember following her but I dont know what happened the next thing I knew I was looking at my dead body on the side of a road by a giant tree and watching as the ambulance came and took us away.  And its been its been so difficult since then Allie, I dont know how even to describe it  
He began to cry, silent yet unstoppable tears, which ran out like a diverted stream; a well of water finally finding a crack and gushing out into the dry world.  He turned from Ms.Pembleton, as if ashamed by the force of his emotion, or rather, of his confession.  
Ms.Pembleton studied the weeping figure of the man she had known and loved as a father.  She looked on his slight soul frame with perhaps the sheen of a newfound understanding in her eyes.  Or perhaps there was only the glow of the firey destruction of the idealizations and dreams that she had associated with this ultimately human creature.  But, whatever her thoughts and illuminations, she knew enough to say the following to the sorrowed soul splayed out before her:
Its okay, Daddy.  I think I understand now.  Thank you for telling me.
Mr.Pembleton quieted, rubbing at what must have been his ghostly nose.   
But Alicia, he said, turning towards her, Wait a minute. I just thought of something.  How are you here with me now?  How can you see me?  How can you hear me?
I died, she explained.
What? How?
She told him.
Oh, honey, I am so sorry, he responded.
Its okay, Ms.Pembleton said, I think I am finally coming to accept it.  And Im coming to realize that it doesnt really matter if I am dead, anyway.  After all, I am still here.  And now that I found you, we can be together.
The two embraced again.
But, sweetheart, he asked when they parted, You were always so careful about things like that.  I dont understand how that could have happened.  And anyways, I always told you to always look both ways before you crossed the street.  What happened?  Did you forget?
Yes, Ms.Pembleton said, scrunching her forehead, And no.  Well, sort-of.  I think that perhaps a small part of me knew that the truck was coming.  And maybe a part of me didnt even care.
But why, Allie?
Ms.Pembleton sighed, Its a long story.
Darling, he said, Please tell me.
After a little while he added, All we have is time, a statement which could not be more true, or more false, at the same time.
Well, I dont know where to start, Ms.Pembleton began, somewhat reluctantly, But I guess I... I guess, it began soon after the accident.  You see, ever since then, Ive been feeling so lost, so hollow.  But even then, it seemed like I always had this small fire still living inside of me; a bright ball of anger and yearning and wanting to change the world burning in the great emptiness inside.  But that day the day that I died it was like that fire was extinguished.  The fire inside me had been flickering for long time, Daddy, but on that day, the flames went out.
Why?
Because, she said, I lost hope.  Because I felt like nothing I did made any difference; that I had nothing good to contribute to the world; that I was worthless and that everyone I ever loved got hurt because of me.  And a part of it was because I felt like I failed this patient of mine, this teenaged girl, Tasha, who was such a beautiful person.
Mr.Jonathan Pembleton seemed very confused for a moment and looked as if he wanted to ask something, but as Ms.Pembletons words were now flowing like a torrential flood of thought, perhaps he decided it was better not to interrupt:
I was trying so hard to get her into a place where she could heal from the emotional and psychological trauma of a dysfunctional home life.  And despite everything I did, no matter how hard I tried, I failed her.  I did not even see the signs....  And then her mothera vapid, irresponsible womansued me and her daughters other providers.  The case was eventually settled by the malpractice carrier for about a million dollars.  And even though they explained that a settlement is not a finding of guilt, and blah blah blah, I couldnt help but feel guilty.  Feel like I had done something wrong.  I was also so angry at her mother, and I couldnt understand how it could be fair that a woman who had been so irresponsible and might not have spent a dime of that money on her daughter while she lived could get that kind of money for her death.  And I had been carrying this burden and anger around with me for so long.  And then one day, I was just coming out of a coffee shop and I spotted Tashas mother across the street, standing beside a shiny new car.  And I am not sure what I wanted to do, whether I wanted to go over there and speak to her and give her a piece of my mind, or whether I felt like she would be justified in giving me a piece of hers.  But for whatever reason I felt drawn to go over there.  And maybe I knew that truck was coming when I started to cross the street; and maybe I even wanted it to come, because I had been carrying all this guilt about this girl and of course about Sarah  
Ms.Pembleton stopped suddenly, as if an objective had suddenly come back into mind.
Wait a minute, Dad, have you seen Sarah?
Wait, what do you mean?  Allie youre not making any sense, Mr.Pembleton tried to say, looking even more confused, but with little effect, as Ms.Pembleton had already moved over to the adjacent headstone.  
Maybe if you were laying in yours, shes laying in hers too! she exclaimed.
Ms.Pembleton stuck her head into the ground just below the headstone and peered inside, in a manner which might raise a not-too-inappropriate analogy to a large, flightless feathered creature, if one were to be unkind.  She rummaged around for a moment before diving right through the ground and into the gravesite, leaving her step-father waiting worriedly behind her.  But she soon resurfaced with the explanation that she had only found various forms of dust inside.  Death offered a helping hand as she climbed out back onto the grass.  Mr.Jonathan Pembleton did not acknowledge Deaths presence, of course, but Ms.Pembletons reappearance nevertheless made way for him to reassert his confusion:
Allie, what are you doing?  What do you mean, that Sarah might be in there?
I thought that since you were in your grave, she might be in hers too.
But why would she be in the ground?  Why isnt she with your mother?
Ms.Alicia Pembleton stared incredulously at him for a moment, and then asked: You dont know?
Know what?
I cant believe it.  Its been so long!  How can you not know? Cant you see the headstone?
Alicia, what are you talking about?
Ms.Pembleton silently considered this a moment, and then whispered:
Daddy, Im sorry to have to tell you, but Sarah died, a long time ago, when we were both children.
What do you mean, when you were children? he responded, Youre still children! You must be mistaken.
Im not a child anymore, Dad, Id be thirty now, if I had lived.  And Im not mistaken.
You cant be thirty!  You look almost the same as when I last saw you!
Ms.Pembleton was taken aback.  She examined herself once again, at least at the parts she could see, and then hypothesized that her father must have perceived something different, altogether.   This was not reassuring.
No, no, youre mistaken, he said, You have to be!  It couldnt have happened.  I wont let it happen!  
He stood up, turned around, and then, after glancing about a bit, ran directly into his headstone, disappearing in a flash of light.  The red bird flew through the apparent portal, behind him.  Our heroine, too, screamed, asking him to wait.  And when she saw he did not wait, she also rushed after him.  
And we, of course, followed them all.

*
Through a flash of light, Ms.Pembleton was deposited directly back inside the front hall of her mothers home.  Her step-father was not there, however, and could not be found in spite of a desperate search.  But desperation soon and abruptly desisted when the unmistakable sound of a key being turned in the front door lock attracted her attention.
Before much longer, the door burst open and a little Alicia burst into the room right afterwards.  Little Sarah, approximately five years old, followed momentarily behind.  Both girls wore brightly colored tank tops and stone washed jean skirts, very fashionable considering the earthly time and location.  Little Sarah ran directly down the hall across from the living room and into her shared bedroom.  But the apparition of little Alicia paused a moment in front of the spirit of true self before running after Sarah, announcing in an excited tone:
Were going swimming!
No, Ms. Pembleton said, although it was not clear whether this was in response to the shadows statement or merely commentary about the situation.
Vienne and Katharyn then entered at a somewhat slower speed; Katharyn, in her chair and bandaged, and Vienne, dressed as fashionably as ever.  Vienne struggled to push Katharyn into the house, cursing with the effort.  Katharyn stared straight ahead, her eyes empty and silent, only wincing slightly as her chair jumped up and down off the threshold.  The two young girls could be heard giggling at some unidentified amusement from their collective bedroom.
Vienne and Katharyn landed finally in the living room.
Well, were here, Vienne said breathlessly.
Katharyn managed a weak smile.  Vienne began to push her down the hallway towards Katharyns bedroom, but was interrupted by little Sarah, who came out of the bedroom half-dressed in her bathing suit.
Auntie, are we going swimming now?  Im ready! Sarah asked.
Just a minute, Vienne responded, I need to see to your mother, and then we can go swimming.  You go and wait with your sister, okay?  She ran her hand over the young girls head of hair and sent her down the hall way.  
Ms.Pembleton stayed back in the living room with Geo, once again in lion toy form.  She turned towards the toy with this plea:
Geo, lets get out of here!  I dont want to be here for this!
But my dear Miss Pembleton, it is important that you are here.
But why?  Ive already seen it!  I dont want to go through this again!
Perhaps you must see with your new eyes, Miss Pembleton.  Perhaps there is something that you could not have seen before.
Ms.Pembleton shook her head with a pained expression.  But she also began moving almost unconsciously down the hall, towards the direction where the vision of her family had gone.  She passed the open door to Alicias and Sarahs room, where the two girls could be seen chatting and playing lovingly with dolls.  Geo ran into the room and sat in the left side corner, taking on a less animated, and more plush-like form.  Ms.Pembleton paused for a moment to look in at them, but another conversation, taking place in a room further down the hall soon caught her attention.  Indeed, it was hard not to notice the conversation, as one of the participants, Vienne, seemed to have quite forgotten herself and was speaking in a rather loud tone.  Ms.Pembleton moved closer.  Katharyn could be seen resting on her bed, and had a large white pill in one hand and a glass of water in the other.  
Well, are you going to answer me?  Vienne said.
Katharyn swallowed the pill and put the glass on the side table.  Without looking at her sister she pulled the covers over her body and put her head down.
Well? Vienne continued, Are you?
Katharyn did not respond.  Vienne moved closer.
Youve had months in the hospital to think about it, Katharyn.  I think I deserve to know what happened.
Katharyn took a long while to respond, and when she did so, it was with a whisper:  
I know, was all she said.
What? Vienne asked, although from her tone it was questionable whether or not she had really heard her.
I know, Katharyn repeated.
Nothing further than this was offered.  But even though it was all that escaped her lips, perhaps it was not all that was said, because Vienne stood at the foot of the bed seeming as if some sort of explosive hand-held weapon had been lobbed at her.  
My God, Ms.Pembleton said, as the realization seemed also to strike her.
There was a profound silence then, broken neither by the living nor nonliving.  But most significantly, perhaps, it was Vienne who was silent, as she just stood there for a long moment, staring at the lying and quiet figure of her sister; Vienne, whose appearance and eyes and emotions were so clouded and ambiguous that they could have been arguably described as horrified and nauseated and ashamed and obstinate and indignant and thoughtless and inconsiderate, and above all, fearful, all at the same time.  And it was Vienne who shattered the silence before walking hurriedly out of the room, leaving her sister to the darkness:
He loved me, she said, Menot you.  And you killed him, didnt you.  You bitch.
Katharyn closed her eyes and did not respond.
Vienne left the room.  Ms.Pembleton followed her out, appearing shocked and angry.  Both women immediately saw that little Alicia was standing in her bathing suit just outside the bedroom door.  She had obviously been listening to at least parts of the conversation, and seemed upset and confused.  
Vienne moved hurriedly past her.
Aunt Vee, whats happened? Alicia said, following Vienne into the living room.  Ms.Pembleton followed them both.
Im leaving, Vienne said, moving towards the front door.
Why? Alicia cried, Arent we going swimming anymore?
No, Vienne said, opening the front door.
But why? asked Alicia.
Ask your mother, Vienne responded as she loudly slammed herself out, leaving the temporal shadow and immortal soul gazing longingly after her.  It seemed as if the whole house groaned with her exit, as if preparing itself for what was to come.
Alicia turned to Ms.Pembleton and stared at her resolutely.
I still want to go swimming.
Alicia, dont, Ms. Pembleton pleaded with the child, please dont.
I cant change it, Alicia said to her, We cant change it anymore.
Alicia, please, Ms. Pembleton pleaded, kneeling, Please dont, Im so sorry.  Id give anything to change itplease just dont.  
Alicia moved to comfort her, placing her two delicate hands on the spirits shoulder: 
Its okay, Miss Pembleton, she said, We must forgive.  We must understand.  We must accept.  Everything is going to be all right.  
The two, and yet the one, stared at each other, Alicia with a comforting smile on her face, and Ms.Pembleton finally looking up to form a slight expression of hope.  
After this moment, Alicia dropped her hands and turned towards the bedroom, calling out:
Sarah, lets go outside to the pool!
Sarah came rushing out, dragging the sewn-up little lion toy behind her.  Geo made no sign of animation.
Wheres Auntie? Sarah asked.
Shes left, Alicia responded, Lets go out alone.
Maybe we should get Mommy, Sarah asked, hesitating.
Shes sleeping.
Maybe we should wait?
No.  I can do it.  Lets just go.
But, Allie, Sarah said, obviously trying to think of an excuse, Um, Im hungry... can we eat something first?
Alicia sighed and rolled her eyes.   She grabbed her sister by the hand and dragged her into the kitchen, where, through a thorough search of mostly empty cupboards, she procured a pair of raspberry toaster tarts.  These, she heated in the toaster oven and served to her sister on a green plate.  Sarah ate the tarts at an excruciatingly slow pace.  Alicia waited impatiently throughout, all the while nagging at her sister to hurry up and eat.  And when Sarah finally reached the point where it seemed ludicrous not to swallow the last bite, Alicia grabbed her hand once again and pulled them both outside.
Both girls headed out to the little rose garden behind the house, leaving Geo propped up on a footstep near the back door, situated as if its one-button eye were to supervise their fun.  Ms.Pembleton followed after them all.  The little pool at the side of the garden was covered by a heavy black tarpaulin, spotted with dried leaves and fallen branches.  Both of the girls rushed to the side of the little pool, and Alicia moved to one corner:
Sarah, go to the other side and help me move the cover!
Sarah went, as instructed.  Alicia lifted her corner of the tarp with some difficulty.  But when her little sister went to pick up her own allocated portion, she found it too heavy and slipped and fell into the water.  Alicia screamed.  She dropped her side of the black cover, which immediately slipped into the pool, after Sarah.  Sarah panicked and began flailing about, becoming soon entangled by the rapidly sinking and suffocating cover.  Alicia ran to the other side of the pool, desperately reaching her hand out to her sister.  Sarah, however, could only struggle to grasp onto her fingers.  The tarp was like black pitch; it sucked at her and pulled her under the water like some foul demon from the deep well of the human mind.
Allie, help! Sarah choked out before she was dragged underwater with a gurgle.
Ms.Pembleton, screaming, jumped into the pool.   She, of course, did not splash or displace any water.   She rushed over to the struggling Sarah and tried to hold onto the girl, but her incorporeal hands could not grasp; the childs frantic struggles passed right through her.  
Go get your mother! Ms.Pembleton yelled to the image of herself, floating out of the pool.
Alicia, who made no indication of actually having heard Ms.Pembleton, nevertheless stood up as if she, herself, had reached a similar conclusion.  Both she and Ms.Pembleton ran into the house and into her mothers bedroom, where Katharyn lay sleeping.
Mom! they both screamed, Wake up!  
Mother did not wake.  
Wake up!  Alicia shook her mothers arm as Ms.Pembleton float-paced at the foot of the bed, weeping.  
Katharyn slept as if she was, herself, drowned in a deep sea.
Get up! Get up! the frantic child screamed, Mom!  Please!  Why wont you wake up?
Alicia shook her mother again, this time violently.  And when this did not immediately work, Ms.Pembleton moved over to the sleeping woman, and, gazing down on her, pushed her hand right into her mothers heart and willed her to consciousness.
Allie? Katharyn finally said, groggily, Honey, whats the matter?
Get up! Alicia screamed, Sarahs drowning!
What? Katharyn asked, with alarm and confusion in her fast-reawakening eyes.
Sarahs in the pool, drowning!  And I cant get her out!
Katharyn pulled herself up.
Wheres your aunt? she asked.
Shes left!
Katharyn pulled her broken and bandaged body into her chair, Alicia, go into the kitchen and call an ambulance.  I know you remember how.  And then try to call your aunt and ask her to come back here.
Alicia ran into the kitchen and pulled a chair over to the telephone, soon on the phone calling the requested assistance.  In the meantime, Katharyn grasped the wheels of her chair with bruised fingers and maneuvered herself through unpracticed and pained movements to the backdoor.  Ms.Pembleton rushed outside in front of her.
But there, at the backdoor, Katharyn halted and peered down the flight of stairs that separated the house from the garden.  Ten steps separated her from her from the backyard and her drowning daughter.  Ten steps which, mere months ago, must have seemed like a momentary inconvenience in transition between two physical spaces.  Ten steps which now, for her badly mangled body, must have seemed like a descent down a gaping crevasse.  And for a split second she may have wavered; for a split-second she may have believed that she could proceed no further; and, yet, in a spilt-second she decided to go on.
Katharyn! Ms.Pembleton screamed, Mom, you can come down, I know it!  Please come!
Katharyn thrust her chair down the stairs, scraping the paint off the sides of the doorframe with the effort.  The chair squeezed through and bounced quickly down the stairs, each step rippling through her body like an earthquake.  She moved on.  The wheels became moored in the grass between the patio and the pool.  And when it seemed impossible to move the chair further, she cast herself upon the ground and dragged her body across the lawn, using blades of grass as a grip hold; climbing towards the swimming pool, where Sarah lay and no longer struggled.
Katharyn threw her hands into the water, grabbing a hold of the tarp and the child trapped within.  Ms. Pembleton, too, thrust her own spirit hands into the water.  Both women pulled at the child, hoping to bring her out of the darkness and into the light.  And just as Katharyn pulled the dead body of her daughter out of the deep and crushing water and onto the dusty world, so, too, did Ms.Pembleton pull the living soul of her sister from the desolation of physical existence into the rebirth of spiritual life.  

*
The body of the child was blue, bloated, and unresponsive.  Katharyn laid it alongside the pool, trying to breathe and push and will what had once housed the beautiful girl to life.  But the child would breathe no longer.  She had abandoned the filthy, wet rag of her flesh and now floated free and perfect in the arms of Ms.Pembleton; a being bright and beautiful, like orbs of pure light which danced in the wind and sang melodies of sunlight.  And as Ms.Pembleton looked on, the orbs came together to form a coherent whole; a figure of a woman that mimicked that of the child, with no empty spaces and no dimly lit stars.  And it was this spirit of Ms. Sarah E. Pembleton who turned towards her friend and soul-sister and smiled.
Allie! the spirit said.
Sarah? Ms. Pembleton asked, standing up, Is that really you?
The spirit laughed, a tinkling laugh that carried joy and happiness in its beautiful melody:  Of course it is, silly!  Dont you recognize me?
Ms. Pembletons whole being brightened:  Of course!  Of course I do!  Oh my dear sweet sister!  
The two girls embraced.  And with that embrace, the world of memory slowly faded; the old world, with its business and bother, with its cool-headed emergency workers and casually interested by-standers, with its pain and loss and sadness, gave way to a world of reunion.  A world of joy and happiness in a clean little rose garden, where the songs of nightingales filled the air telling of things to come.   And it was there that the two sisters floated, wreathed in smiles.
Allie, Ms.Sarah Pembleton asked, What happened?  Where are we?
Honey, I... Im sorry but I think you died, Ms.Alicia Pembleton responded, And its all my fault.  Sarah, I am so sorry.  I was so foolish.  I shouldnt have made you go.  I know Mom and Dad always told us not to go near the pool alone, but I was just so angry and stubborn, and I just did not listen, and you have every right to blame me and hate me forever because I. 
Allie, Ms. Sarah Pembleton interrupted, Stop.  Dont say that.  Its okay.  I know you didnt mean it.  It was an accident.  You dont have to be sorry.
Oh, Sarah, Ms.Alicia said, But I do.
Well, then I forgive you, although I dont feel like I need to.  Im not sad, Allie.  Im not angry.  I feel like I just skipped a year in school or something.  And anyway, if I am dead, then I must be in heaven.
Why would you think that?
Well, because you are here to meet me, Ms. Sarah said, And I must be in heaven, if I am with you.  Did you die, too?
Yes, Ms. Alicia said, wiping away a tear, I died, too.  But much later than you did.
Funny how that works.
Ms. Alicia nodded in agreement.
The two wandered around the garden for a long while, marveling at the beauty surrounding them and speaking with love and laughter.  The rose bushes were in full bloom, laden with buds full of red and white petals and dark green foliage.  The sky was a brilliant blue spotted with fluffy, pure white clouds, which were mirrored beautifully in the crystal-watered, little garden pool.  And the garden, which seemed to go on forever in a field grass, was full of life, with ripe fruit hanging from the branches of overhanging trees and small furry creatures of the rodent-type bouncing and skittering around the sides.  The sun shone upon them all, lighting everything in glorious hues and colors.  And the two spirits knew true contentment there together.
But after a long while, when much had been said already, Ms.Sarah had this to say:
What now?
Ms.Alicia shrugged, not knowing how else to respond.  But fortunately, they both soon received an answer.  The little lion toy ran out from its perch on the stairs of the now freshly-painted and perfect house, and grabbed onto one of Ms.Alicias ankles.
Its time to go.
Ms.Sarah immediately recognized the toy as, of course, the plaything that both sisters had affectionately called Geo.  But she was appropriately in awe of the creature which now moved of its own accord and clasped her hands.  And so she listened attentively as her sister explained about both the path she had taken, and the help of the little pathfinder.
Oh, that sounds horrible, Ms. Sarah said, commenting on her sisters journey, Not like heaven, at all.
Youre right, Ms.Alicia said, It wasnt like heaven.  It was a lot more like hell or a nightmare.  But Im beginning to think it was more of a hell of my own making, a nightmare that I created, than anything I can blame on anyone else.  And Ive realized that I made my own path; that I shaped my own surroundings.  And Im starting to believe that I should be grateful for that, too.
Why?
Because it brought me to the truth; and it brought me to you.
The two sisters embraced again.
But, Geo, Ms.Alicia said when they had momentarily parted, You said its time to go.  Cant we just stay here where it is nice and safe?
You could.  But I dont think you should want to.
Why? Where are we going?
To worlds holy, and spiritually glorious.
Both souls seemed oddly at peace with this explanation.
But before you go, I believe you have something of mine that you may now return to me.
Ms.Alicia Pembleton looked as if she pondered this a moment, but then said, as if she intuitively understood: Why, arent you coming with us?
The little lion toy shook its head.  Not exactly.  Where you are going, you will not need me.  But a part of me will ever be with you, just as I have ever been with youalthough you may not have known me.
Ms.Alicia Pembleton looked down at the toy with affection.  She then put her hand in her chest and pulled out the beautiful feather which she had placed there earlier.  And as she gave the feather back to the little lion toy, it transformed and became a button which perfectly matched Geos other button eye.  
Thank you.  
Geo positioned the button next to its twin, and it immediately molded into the toys form, the emptiness there finally filled.
No, thank you, Geo, Ms.Alicia said, and then added after a moment, I am going to miss you.
Oh, I highly doubt it.
The Ms.Pembletons laughed.
But I am going to miss you, too.
But wait, before we go, Ms.Alicia Pembleton said, What about Mom?  We cant just leave her alone.
Yes, Ms.Sarah said, Where is Mommy?  Is she going to be okay?
Your mother is fine, ladies.  You will see her soon.  In fact, shes been praying for you all this while, and is waiting for you to join her.
Wow, Ms. Alicia said, simply.  Indeed, there seemed nothing more fitting to say.
Now I think it is about time you two started going.  
The two sisters smiled at the fluffy little guide.  With an exchange of mutual well-wishes, Ms.Alicia Pembleton took the hand of her sister, and both floated on out of sight.  
And so it was that Ms.Pembleton chose hope, faith, and love; to hold on despite the temptation of despair; and to crawl out of the darkness into the light.  And so it is that we all must choose, as we and every other soul progress, and move further along the long and winding road that is life.
Or maybe she just woke up.
Both could be true, depending upon perspective.

#

