The Crystals of Tlalli:
Awakened Affinities
By Dianne R. Vincent
Copyright 2012 Dianne R. Vincent
all rights reserved
Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard word of this author.

This book is also available in print at most online retailers.
Acknowledgments

Thank you to everyone who helped make this book possible, in no particular order: Ken, for your insights into military things and proofreading, Sharon for your insights into Nab and his mother, for helping with the chapter on the ritual and for proofreading, Samantha and Sophia for being excited about the book and wanting to hear the story.


Dedication

To the memory of my son Kenny, I miss you.


http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/drvincent
Table of Contents
Prolog
1 Ulrica
2 Rescued
3 The Ritual
4 Affinity
5 Moyolehauni
6 The Line
7 Shani
8 Part of the Family
9 Finishing The Garden
10 The Herbalist Shop
11 Clues
12 Nottias News and Ricas Party
13 Growing Pains
14 Nabarun
15 Clouded Vision
16 Frustration
17 Investigation
18 Introductions
19 Escape
20 Developments
21 Denham, City of Trade
22 Meetings
23 Betrayed
24 On the Run
25 Captured
26 The Forests of the Onur
27 Tabor Town
28 Revelations
29 Tlalli-Dex
About the Author

Prolog

The World of Tlalli is much like Earth with a few striking differences. This world has more than normal crystal formations. Crystals can be found everywhere on Tlalli. Eons ago an intelligent race of beings that have come to be known as the Seeders found Tlalli. They observed life form on the world, watched it carefully, guiding it to civilization. The Seeders played at being God for a time. They modified the emerging sentient life on the planet, changing the DNA. They changed while still retaining their uniqueness. The race of beings on the planet was winged and telepathic, they called themselves the Miwa. They fascinated the seeders. The Seeders wanted to know how they would cope with competition: so they brought some of the other intelligent life they had come across in the universe together. They brought humans to Tlalli. Would they live together peacefully?
This kept the Seeders attention for a time. Then they modified the humans to be able to communicate with the Miwa. They also changed the DNA again of the Miwa, fusing the human DNA with the Miwas. The Miwa didnt look anything like they had before; now they looked human with wings, could speak a language and had a high level of civilization. The humans the Seeders brought to Tlalli were modified in three groups. The first group was only modified to communicate with the energy of the crystals like the Miwa could. The second group was modified to be able to tap into the crystals energy and to have attributes like cats, agility, enhanced sense of smell and eyesight, eyes, ears, skin coloration, and hands with retractable claws. The third group was modified to have attributes like reptiles, enhanced sense of smell, eyes, skin, and strength. They left a control group of humans untouched on the world for many thousands of years. But at some point the Seeders modified the control group to have enhanced strength and be more intelligent. The Seeders made portals using the power of the Tlalli crystals to other worlds they had played with, then one day the Seeders just left. They never returned. 
On the world of Tlalli the different races of people relegated the Seeders to myth and then started to forget about them all together. The way the Seeders set up the races to interact with the crystals had a profound effect on the world. There were ten different colors of the special interactive crystals. The crystals made up a network of knowledge and power that could be tapped into and used. We would think of this as magic. Each crystal color has its own unique power frequency, magic abilities spring from this. 
The Seeders had made a central control chamber the people of the world came to call the Chamber of the Stars. Within the chamber the gifted of the world could come and harmonize with the main crystals. This created a balance and kept everything working in harmony. Then some of the races decided only the leader of that race could come to the chambers. The crystals adapted, recognizing the DNA of those who came. Soon only the DNA of the families that frequented the chambers could align the crystals. The people had changed the way things worked. Slowly the crystals began to dim. 
Magic was failing in the world. Twenty-five years before the main story unfolds we find the world in chaos again. This time it is different. The last remaining Miwa ruler to be able to access the Chamber of the Stars has been assassinated. His three-year-old son is the only remaining Miwa with the DNA capable of opening the Chamber. With the death of the King of the Miwa isles comes the dimming of the violet crystal. All the magi who could tap the power of the violet crystal are now unable to do so without help from existing runes for that purpose. Only a few of the runes still exist. The crystals have grown dim. Only four crystals remain of the ten. The others set dark, waiting for harmony again. 
In the northern Nation of Semlor a studious magi turned scientist sets contemplating his marriage to Mayree Sylvestry a daughter of High Magus Sylvan Sylvestry and Magus Mayrica Ohlanta one of the Twelve of the Eastern Lands (Ahaya). He has never met his bride but knows something must have been wrong for the High Magus to allow this marriage to happen. The Eastern Lands do not allow other nations into their country except to trade and then only at the sea ports under stern guard. They do not allow other nations to visit or study in their lands let alone marry. To allow one of their own and a daughter of such a high magus to be married to someone of another country is unheard of. Yet it was happening. His father had made the arrangements somehow. Jarath wasnt going to question, he was just happy he would be accepted by this powerful woman. He was a shy man. His father was always disappointed in him. He had gone through the Affinity training his father had insisted on when everyone knew the crystals were dying. He was a scientist at heart. His father had told him if he studied why the crystals were failing and could come up with a reasonable way to correct the problem he could continue as a scientist. 
This was fine with Jarath. As he started the study he become increasingly obsessed with it. The gifted had enhanced DNA. The chromosomes were minutely different then the ungifted. As a scientist this fascinated him. When the Violet affinity dimmed Jarath became even more obsessed with finding ways to restore all the crystals to power. His new bride had captivated him. She was upset about the magic failing. He wanted to wipe the sadness away from her eyes. He didnt know she was despondent for another reason. 
She had run away to the Southern Kingdoms and had had an affair with a Southern Kingdoms Prince. They had had a baby. When her parents found her the baby was gone. All was good with that they assumed. They came and took her when her lover was out hunting. Her parents took her back to Ahaya until a decision was made as to punishment for her terrible crime. To the magi of the Ahaya everyone who was in constant contact with ungifted people was tainted. Their gifts were then tainted as well. The Twelve of Ahaya had met and had quickly made an assessment that she was tainted with foreign blood now. Death was the answer. Her parents were high up in the county and one of them was a member of the Twelve and had influence. Her life was spared but she could not stay in Ahaya and was forbidden to return to her Prince. Her parents arranged to have her married off to the Northern Magi Jarath. Mayree hoped still that her prince would find her and rescue her. But he never came. She knew her baby was safe and that was all that mattered now. 
Jarath tried many ways to win Mayrees heart but to no avail. She was aloof. She could not be consoled. Jarath became despondent. Then he became angry. She had bourn him a boy child and would not bond with him. Nannys raised the boy. True he was a difficult child but a mother should love her own son shouldnt she? Jarath poured himself into his work. He paid no or little attention to his wife and son; he was having trouble of his own. 
The mage community in Semlor at first supported his research and helped him by sending newly graduated magi to Jarath as helpers. Over the years his research has taken on a more desperate turn. When he found the DNA link to the power of the crystals he experimented on volunteers to see if he could enhance their existing powers. It worked in some cases. The red affinity responded well to the enhancements, in other cases it had devastating results. The failures suffered. They found their gifts had been drained from them or it killed them out right. 
When the Council of Magi heard of his experiment failures they demanded he stop. The graduates he had come to depend on were no longer sent to him, and the ones that were there were removed at Council insistence. Jarath was forced to find research help elsewhere. He found it in magi who were unemployed or who had been expelled from school. He offered them a place to stay, food to eat, and clothing to wear in exchange for their help. Most accepted this as some of them were on the wrong side of the law and needed a place to hide anyway. 
To Jaraths surprise help came from an unexpected source, his wife. She wanted to be able to use the portals again she said so she spoke to her parents and they agreed to send the less fortunate offspring of the people of their land. Their orphanages were filling with un-gifted lately. The country was not a rich one so this seemed to be a way to ease the strain. At first Jarath was frustrated about the help. He needed gifted people not these waifs. He didnt have magi lining up at the door to be experimented on so he grudgingly accepted the influx of new test subjects as he called them so he didnt have to think about the childrens lives he was potentially ruining. He tested their DNA and found they too had the enhanced chromosomes. Maybe they would have been gifted with the affinities that were not working now. Yes he could use them. Maybe he could find a way to fix the crystals using these new test subjects. 
Jaraths research now focused on putting affinities into those that had none. Four out of ten subjects lived through the process. The Twelve of Ahaya (Eastern Lands) were not pleased however. When they heard about the death toll he was cut off. 
Jarath raged. Dont they know Im trying to save them? It had become his favorite saying. 
His boy, Quentin, was nearly a man now, and had finally taken an interest in his fathers work. Maybe Jarath could work his son so much he would stop going out causing mayhem and trouble at every turn. Some of the magi who had stayed loyal to him had started a hunting group to bring in potential test subjects. Jarath put his boy in charge of it. That would keep him busy. 
Then the world dropped out from under Jarath. His wife told him why she had been sent to him. Jarath was angry. He sent his hunters to the southern kingdoms to find out the details. They returned with information that excited him and angered him more than anything else had. His wife had been in communication with Prince Ataulfo Lamar. He had just been crowned Prince of the Principality of Alastrina after his father had died and was coming to get his love. Couldnt he have just moved on? He wouldnt take his wife from him. The hunters also told him about the baby the two lovers had had together, a girl, a gifted girl. He didnt believe the hunter when he told him that she had a rare affinity to all ten crystals! That had only happened once in history. Then Jarath had an idea, wouldnt it be wonderful if he could find her and transfer her gifts to him? Then he would have his revenge on his wife and her lover and save the world at the same time. But where was she?
He questioned his wife and after many days of interrogation found out the baby had been taken to another world using a master of the violet affinity and a portal with a special rune. That was the only way a portal could be used these days. He had to find a rune like that. He searched and found one his father had in the vault. He took it from him. The only one Jarath trusted with such an important task as finding the girl was his son. He sent him to Earth to find her. His wife was out of her mind now oh well; she didnt love him anyway. He put her in her room and locked the door. He assigned a maid to watch and feed her. What a waste was his last thought of her. 
1  Ulrica

Rica lay in bed; sweat beaded her brow and dampened her hair. The room was dark; the only illumination came from a small clock on a bedside table. Rica turned over clutching her pillow a small sound escaped her lips. 
Ulrica. A mans voice said clearly. The sound of the voice was rich and deep; it lingered in Ricas consciousness as though it had been said within her mind and not from the room at all. Rica gasped and sat up, her eyes wide. She turned on her lamp and looked around the room clutching the covers in shaking hands at her chest. 
Whos there? She said in a shaky voice. Taking a deep breath then letting it out she pushed the covers away and stood up. Rica was slim with long hair of a dark red color; her skin was creamy white in the soft glow of the lamp. 
Dad? she called then opened the door and looked into the hall. Mom? The house was still and dark. 
It must have been a dream. She murmured. Padding down to the bathroom on bare feet, the wooden floors cold and smooth. She flicked the light on and splashed cold water on her face then stood staring into the mirror trying to remember the dream she had been having before she had heard the voice. The dream had felt so real but now was almost faded away completely. Rica remembered seeing a mans face, young and handsome with lavender eyes and wings surrounded by a kaleidoscope of colors. Now it was hard to remember what his face had looked like. The voice had shattered the dream and her sleep. The hair on the back of her neck stood up. A chill traveled down her back. She shivered the feeling of someone watching her made her glance behind her. No one there, she pulled the shower door open, no one in the shower either. Rica shivered again hugging her arms and rubbing them, they felt prickly with gooseflesh. She walked back to her room and got into bed shutting the lamp off and closed her eyes. Soon sleep found her again. 
Ulrica! Ricas eyes sprang open and she covered her head with the blankets listening, her breath shallow and fast. A minute went by and no sound could be heard but the ticking of the clock. She put her head out of the covers and listened. Rica waited for what seemed like hours but by the clock was only a few minutes her eyelids heavy. Slowly she drifted back to sleep. 
ULRICA! The voice had a desperate quality to it now; Rica sat up in bed the morning sun was already starting to shine into her bedroom window. Her face was pale, her green eyes underlined with dark purple smudges from her lack of sleep. She looked around her room; everything was right where she had left it. 
After a shower and a breakfast of toast she forgot about the nighttime fright and hurried out to catch the bus to school. With a sinking feeling Rica watched the taillights disappear down the hill. She turned and trudged back up the long driveway to her house, her mom was just pouring a cup of coffee when she walked into the kitchen. 
Rica? Her mother turned to look at who had walked in the room. She was slight of stature and on the thin side. 
I missed the dang bus. Taking her backpack off, Rica tossed it on to the kitchen table. 
We can drop you at school on the way to work. You look terrible. 
Thanks mom. Rica said sarcastically then instantly felt bad for saying it. 
Her mother brushed a strand of Ricas hair back from her face and looked at her tired eyes. 
Trouble sleeping? Her mothers voice sounded concerned. 
Shouldnt you be at school? Her father said as he entered the kitchen to pour a cup of coffee. Ricas father was tall and had broad shoulders. He spooned two teaspoons of sugar into the cup and stirred it absently. 
Yeah. I missed the bus. I kept waking up last night. I thought I heard someone calling me but when I looked no one was there. Rica could almost hear the voice there like an echo in her mind. 
Her parents froze for a second and glanced at each other then looked quickly away. Rica frowned. 
The voice was a guys voice. You werent trying to play a trick on me, were you dad? For some reason Rica felt shaken and tense now as though someone was watching still. 
Her father laughed. No it wasnt me princess. But his laugh sounded strained. He looked at her mom again and she nodded. Her father sat the cup down and spun on his heel and walked out of the room. 
I left something, be right back. He called over his shoulder. 
Is everything ok mom? a shiver went down her spine. 
Yes dear. Im going to be late if we dont leave soon. Her mother didnt look at her. 
Her father came back with a red envelope in his hand. He laid it on the table and put his suit jacket on then put the envelope in his pocket where it stuck up like a flag. They hurried out to the garage and got into the car. Her mother sat in the passenger seat her blond hair cut into a bob, Rica sometimes wished she had her mothers thick blond hair instead of her own long dark mane. Rica looked at her parents as they drove to school and not for the first time she was thankful they had adopted her. Rica told them about her weird dream and the strange voice calling her. Her parents were silent until they pulled into the high school parking lot. Then her father took the envelope and turned to hand it to her. He had sandy blond hair and kind brown eyes, which looked worried as he looked at her. 
We need to give this to you now. I  I want you to know that we have been so blessed to have you with us all these years. You have brightened our lives so much. His eyes filled with moisture and he thrust the envelope into her hand then turned around. The envelope was a business sized one made out of dark red cardboard with a leather tie holding it shut and sealed with a blue wax seal stamped with an intricate design. When Rica took it the material felt strange, not like cardboard at all more like leather. There was a hard mysterious bulge in the middle. There was no time to look at it, so she stuffed it into her backpack to investigate later. 
Remember we love you Rica. Her mother said her voice broke on Ricas name. Then Rica heard the first period bell and dashed out the door and into the school. 
Out of breath from her sprint into the foyer Rica stopped to compose herself. There were still kids hurrying to class so she wasnt late yet. The foyer of the high school was a three-story room with glass covering the front letting in the early winter sun; the light caught in the crystal stars that hung from the ceiling sending a spectrum of color about the foyer. The floor and walls were tiled in a fantastic depiction of the solar system and the galaxy. The ceiling had various nebula and galaxies of the universe. Two wide staircases framed the open space leading up to the classrooms and offices. She ran up the right hand steps two at a time to get to her locker and stow her backpack and coat. She barely made it to class and into her seat when the final bell rang. 
The rest of the day went by in a jumble. The bell finally rang for the last period of the day and Ulrica hurried to her locker to get the history notes she had put in her notebook. Rica felt frazzled like her brain just wouldnt work right. Everything had been going wrong today, first oversleeping, then missing her bus, now she couldnt seem to do anything right. Rica yawned. Why couldnt she get her mind on what she was doing? Focus Rica! Rica told herself. 
Talking to yourself again? Rica jumped at the sound of Todds voice. 
Yeah, I guess. Rica shrugged at him. 
You skipping class? He had stopped behind her in the hall. 
No, I have a free period. What are you doing Todd? Rica glanced up at him. 
Making copies for Mr. Phillips. I better jet. Catch ya later. He grinned and continued down the hall. Rica waved at his retreating form. Todd was built like an athlete with a lean strong frame and he had started to build muscle this last year. His red curly hair was cut short and his green eyes were the perfect shade of lime Rica had ever seen. He wasnt the scrawny short kid she and her friend Natalie had known for so long. He was tall and cute now; its funny how a year can change a persons mind. Natalie was always talking about Todd these days. Todd had asked Natalie out to the movies. Rica would never hear the end of it. 
Rica brushed her long hair behind her ear as she pulled the notebook out of her locker. The corner of the notebook got stuck on another book and everything in her locker tumbled to the floor. Rica kicked the locker in frustration. She was sure someone had invented lockers to vex students. With quick angry movements she grabbed everything and started to shove it back into the small space. Then sat back on her heels and took a deep breath telling herself to breathe. Just breath. Rica could feel her face was flushed and tried to calm down. She reorganized everything and put it back neatly so she could find it later. 
The notes she was looking for were not where she had thought they would be. Where had she put them? THINK! Then she remembered they were on her desk at home. Great just fantastic one more thing she had messed up today. Rica mentally kicked herself. Well she could get the last little reference note and then catch the bus. She looked at her watch. She had twenty minutes until her bus left, and she had plenty of time. 
Time is a funny thing. Sometimes it feels like it flys, sometimes like its set in stone and doesn't move at all. Other times, well it plays tricks on you. Today was one of those tricky days. Rica didn't feel rushed. She was calm as she worked and felt like she was in control. She was sitting at a back table behind some bookshelves that reached to the ceiling. There were no windows near her, just the soft library lights and the hum of the air vents. Rica didn't hear the bell. When the lights went off she thought the power had gone out. She called out Mrs. ONeil? no answer. 
Rica dug the little flashlight out of her backpack. She always carried one. She flicked it on and looked at her watch. Six oclock! That cannot be right! Rica started to feel a little panicky as she went to the library counter and no one was there. She walked out into the hall; it was dim only the night lights were on. She heard a noise to her left that made her jump. She forced herself to listen. It sounded like something being pushed along the floor, and keys. She cautiously walked in the direction the noise had come from. 
Mr. Connell, the janitor, was pushing an empty mop bucket down the hall toward the Janitors Closet. He turned and jumped as he saw Rica standing there. OH, you scared the be jiggers out of me! What are you still doing here? He said in a gruff voice. Rica quickly explained what had happened. Mr. Connell nodded his head and told Rica she could use the phone to call her parents. They walked to the office where he unlocked the door and turned the light on. 
Rica dialed the number and waited, and waited You have reached the Simpson residence please leave a message at the tone her own voice mocked her. She hung up in frustration and tried to call her dads cell phone, out of service, Moms phone was out of service also. Rica looked up at the grizzled janitor. He always kept to himself; some of the kids liked to play pranks on him because he was a Vietnam vet and thought it was funny to make him react. She would never forget the time one of the senior boys put a flash bang firework in the garbage can right behind Mr. Connell. The janitor dropped to the floor and covered his head. The stupid kid had been suspended. But Rica always wondered if Mr. Connell had come back from the war sane. Rica remembered her mother saying it was posttraumatic stress or something like that. 
I cant get a hold of my parents! Rica said as she hung up the phone. 
Mr. Connell grunted, Must be the storm. 
The rain was falling steadily outside when she looked. Rica wrinkled her nose at the weather, then pulled on her lightweight purple coat and put the hood up. She would have to walk home. 
If you wait about thirty minutes I could give you a lift home, its no trouble. With concern in his eyes, he added. Its a dark night to be out walking in this. 
No its ok Ill go over to Natalie house. Ill be ok. Its not like Ill melt or anything its only water. Rica replied. As she walked out the doors into the rain she remembered, Natalie was at the movies tonight with Todd. She would have to walk home. Thunder rolled overhead as she hunched into the light wind and started the long walk home. Two miles wasn't that far, right? She mentally kicked herself for getting so wrapped up in the library. I wish it would stop raining! She thought to herself. As she walked the rain slowed and finally stopped. But she was soaked and miserable when that happened and didn't notice. All she wanted at that moment was to be warmer. The air steamed off the now wet cloths she wore and off the pavement. Fog started to move in. 
Rica decided to take a short cut up the hill past the old Pickerton farm. She had gone that way millions of times so she knew the way well. She just wanted to get out of her wet clinging cloths and into a warm bath. This had been the worst week ever. The fog thickened. Rica took her little flashlight out and flicked it on. The light bounced back at her as it hit the fog. It was like walking in a clinging white cotton ball. Rica directed the light at the ground at least she would be able to see where she was walking. Even with the light it was hard to see the trees now and they were close. Maybe she should go back to the road. But as she turned around every thing looked different and Rica didnt know which way to go. Ok everyone says to sit down and wait for rescue if you are lost in the woods. But no one knows you went this way, and on top of that no one knows you missed the bus, idiot. What, Im talking to myself now? Great Im going crazy! Her voice sounded hollow in the fog, and too loud. Rica jumped at the sound of it. 
Rica stopped and thought back to when she had been here before. She knew she had to go up the hill and there was only one hill near to the farm that had trees and that hill merged into the forest where there was a cabin. Natalie and her had played at that cabin when they were in grade school. It was a place she knew well. Her father used to use the cabin when hunting season came around and sometimes would stay there over night with her and her mother. Maybe she could get there and get out of this fog and wet. Yes, that was the best plan; she had to get to the cabin. With new hope she continued on. She heard a thump off in the fog somewhere. She stopped. Had she heard something or was her imagination running away with her? She waited. After a minute and no other sounds came to her she shrugged and continued up the hill, pushing on the tree next to her and brushing the wet branches out of the way. 
She had taken only a few steps when she heard Thump Thump sort of a muffled sound like a drum and sparks? She caught her breath and stopped, unconsciously crouching. THUMP fizzle spark. There it was again, and something else too, it sounded like people yelling. Rica tried to look through the dense cloyingly wet mist to see but it was too dark and the fog to thick. The sound of the people yelling gave her hope. Maybe they had a car and could get her out of here. 
Hello! Rica yelled. 
Is anyone there? When no one responded Rica shrugged, maybe the fog was muffling her voice. 
She walked cautiously up the hill and slipped on the wet brown grass. She caught the tree next to her and stopped, the bark was rough under her cold wet hand. Rica shivered. Listening with all her might she tried to hear the people again. Thump ssssss. The sound had come from the left of her down from the hillcrest. Well at least she had made it to the top; the cabin wasn't too far away now, if this was the right spot. It was so strange to be out in the woods at night in the fog. Everything looked different and sounds were weird and scary. Thats it she was just scarring herself. She took a deep breath and stood up straight. This was not a horror story and she was not the girl who would be ripped apart by some weird crazy guy with a mask on. Stop it!! She told herself. Just breathe. 
Rica started down the hill and fell when her foot caught on a dead fall. Ouch! Pushing herself up Rica cautiously started making her way down the rain-drenched hillside. Rica was wet and covered with dead leafs and grass now. She picked off the dead leaves from her knees only to have them stick to her hands. Rica shook them off and rubbed the mud off as best she could on her wet jeans. She was cold her hands ached with the chill. The smell of damp earth and wet leaves surrounded her with each squishing step. BAM, a blinding, blue light lit the fog with an iridescent glow as it hit the water molecules, making a rainbow ring in the fog. The sound seemed to go right through her making her bones ache and the hair on the back of her neck stand on end. Rica stepped forward and the ground under her foot felt liquid. Her foot slipped out from under her. Rica grabbed at the tree branch along her side and stopped. She looked down at the cabin and stared. There was a clear sphere around the area as though a soap bubble had been blown and had settled on the ground. The sides of the bubble glinted with wet rainbow swirls when the light hit it. Rica was close enough to see that there were two men near the cabin. There was a fire burning off to the side in the mud, Rica stared at the fire, it was blue and was burning on the mud but there was nothing there to burn. THUMP! Rica looked back at the men. One was tall and younger looking, dressed in robes that came to his knees with silk pantaloons and tall dark boots. The other was older dressed in fancy renaissance like garb with a quilted dark vest and puffy sleeves. He had tall dark boots on over leather looking pants. 
The men on the hill were focused on each other and didnt see Rica there. Rica flicked off her little flashlight and put it in her backpack. As she watched the younger man threw what looked like blue fire at the older one and hit him on the shoulder, which caught his vest on fire. The fire was blue but seemed to burn just as well as any other fire. The older man cried out in pain and gestured putting the fire out. He staggered, then called out and thunder rumbled and then lightening shot out from his hand at the younger man making him duck and slip in the mud. Rica tried to back up away from the hill so they wouldnt see her. The muddy ground gave way and Rica pitched forward and fell heavily sliding downward toward the light and the sound. The sound and the movement of Rica tumbling down the hill drew the older mans attention. 
 He looked back at her and yelled. Ulrica! The voice sounded familiar. 
The man threw something on the ground in front of her. Rica fell forward unable to stop she tensed to hit the ground hard, only she didn't hit but seemed to keep going into darkness so dark it was darker than a moonless cloudy night. Silence! Even silence is not the lack of all sound there is always something but this was utter silence. No sound, nothing!
She kept falling. 

 2  Rescued

Rica moaned and tried to roll over. It was hot, so hot. She closed her eyes tighter the sun was so bright even through her eyelids. Rica felt stiff her muscles cramped. The memory of the light show on the rain-drenched hill by the cabin came back in vivid clarity. Either the fight she had witnessed was a weird dream or she was losing her mind. Rica could feel the roughdry ground beneath her cheek and hands. Waking up would be good. Rica tried to go back to sleep, rationalizing that if she fell back to sleep she would wake up in her own bed and not here, wherever here was. Rica could feel the skin of her cheek grow hotter as she lay there. Her discomfort grew. Something was definitely wrong with this whole scenario. The ground was sandy and smelled hot. Even the air was hot. Cautiously she opened her eyes, and closed them again hurriedly. This was not right! Where were the cabin, the trees, and the two people she had seen? Rica pushed herself up to sit and opened her eyes again. She was on a ledge about ten feet above the ground. The ledge was attached to a cliff with a straight vertical face that seemed to continue up a long way. Rica looked around. There were rocks and sand as far as she could see! There was something about the sky that just felt different but she couldnt place what it was. 
This looked like the desert. How had she gotten here? The two people! That was it. They must have kidnapped her and taken her to the desert. Rica laughed out loud at her fantasy. Why would they do that, because you saw their light show? Now that was just nuts. Impossible, no one can throw light. Rica reached up and felt her head for lumps or cuts. No, nothing. Anyway she had seen them throw something before she fell. Rica laughed again. Maybe it had been a flashlight she had seen. No matter what had happened last night today was what she had to worry about. Rica decided that getting her bearing and finding help to get back home was the most important thing. 
Rica opened her backpack and looked inside for any snack or something useful. One stick of gum is all she found and her library books and history notes, her little flashlight and the red envelope her father had given her. The flashlight would come in handy until the batteries ran out, but there was nothing else in there that could help her out of this mess. Rica held the envelope in her hands, staring at it, her father and mother had been acting so strange when they had given it to her. Rica slowly broke the seal of wax and untied the tie. She opened the envelope and looked inside. There was a bracelet with a big blue cut jewel in the center of it with some kind of engraving all-around the edge of it. The bracelet was of woven silver metal about two inches wide it was beautiful. When Rica held the bracelet the jewel in the center glowed. Rica sat and looked at it slowly the glow subsided. She opened the clasp and put it on her left wrist. It felt heavy and warm. When she tried to take the bracelet off again the clasp was gone! Rica looked at the bracelet trying to find the clasp, but there was no clasp anymore, the metal was seamless. Rica sat on the hot ground wondering what to do now. 
First things first, find a way down off this ledge. She looked around and decided going up was out of the question down might be better. The rocky ledge was about ten feet across and slopped gently down. The lowest part of the edge was maybe nine feet above the desert floor, an easy jump. Rica stood up putting her backpack on. She was a little stiff but no injuries that she could see. Her pants were still damp where she had lain with leaves and mud from her slide down the wet hillside so she knew she hadnt imagined it all. She walked to the edge and sat down. Rica slid forward on her bottom and hopped down, so far so good. 
There didnt seem to be any roads or trails around the area that she could see so Rica picked a direction and started walking. The ground was rocky and hard to walk on. Soon Rica took her jacket off and stowed it in her backpack. She was thirsty and had no idea how to find water. The sun was a merciless orb and seemed to get hotter as she struggled along what she imagined was a path of some kind. She looked up at the sky and shook her head, she must be seeing things, it looked like there were two moons in the sky. Maybe she was seeing double. 
After a long time walking and falling she told herself over and over that she would soon find a road and someone would stop and take her home. It was a game she played as the hours went by. She made up different scenarios on how she would be rescued. After a time she came to realize if she was going to be rescued it was herself that would do it. As she walked farther she came to a canyon and a path leading into it. Ricas back hurt, the books in her backpack seemed to grow heavier as the day wore on. Time to lighten the load, sighing Rica took her books and notes out of the backpack and sat them on the sand. The flashlight was small so Rica put it into the pocket of her jacket and tied the jacket around her waist. The backpack might come in handy so she slung it back on. The piece of gum she chewed and it helped a little with her thirst, but soon she found the sugar made her even thirstier. 
Rica followed the path for some time, the shadows were getting longer, day seemed to be drawing to a close and there was nowhere to get out of the wind that had come up. Rica could hardly see the landscape around her and thought it best to stop before she broke something falling off a cliff in the dark. Taking her little flashlight out she flicked it on. The light was dim and flickered until it went out all together. The batteries had died. Sighing in resignation and exhaustion she put her back to the rock wall and hoped there were no scorpions to sting her as she slept. Though as long as she had walked in this forsaken place she had not seen any sign of life, no insects, no birds, no slithering or crawling things of any kind. No plants not even dead ones. Too tired to think anymore about it she lay back against the rock. She didn't think she could fall asleep but as soon as she sat down and laid her head back she drifted to a deep sleep. 
The morning came and woke Rica. Uggh She was so thirsty now and hungry. As she sat up every muscle in her body seemed to protest. She had muscle aches in places she didnt realize there were muscles. Her stomach rumbled with sharp hunger pains shooting through her abdomen. Sighing heavily Rica gradually got to her feet, she tried to lick her lips they were so dry. But her tongue was parched; her mouth felt like it was filled with grit and sand. She concentrated on putting one foot in front of the other. The next day was like the first in this dry desolate place, her companions heat and rocks. When it was too dark to see, Rica collapsed. Morning came again. She lay there for a moment trying to sort out what had happened in the woods. Her throat was dry and it was hard to breath. Her nose hurt with the sunburn she knew she had to have. She put her jacket on her head and tied it under her chin. 
She continued into the canyon. At least there was some shade here. She shivered. It was cooler in the desert in the morning but she kept the jacket on her head. Soon she was panting again and completely lost. This canyon was huge with many branching ways. It reminded her of the time her family had traveled to the Grand Canyon. With the remembrance came an ache in her heart. She had to find a way home, or wake up if this was a dream. Her skin felt so dry and hot. Her body felt so heavy and worn out, it was as if she didnt have any water left in it. The path had slowly faded away. She came to a choice to go down the sloping grade or up onto what looked like another path above her. She chose up, though down would have been easier. She still hoped she would find her way out to civilization. The sound of her foot falls echoed as she walked. She was dizzy and it was hard to put one foot in front of the other. After a time she thought she heard voices or clanking. She continued on the path, which was clearly a path now. There were strange markings etched into large stones along the way. The path looked like it was tiled in smooth white quartz. The way was easier to walk now. She had to find water soon. 
When the sun was straight overhead Rica glanced at her wristwatch it was 2:00 pm, time was wonky here, she put her wrist up to her ear and could hear the comforting tick, tick of the little time piece so it was still working. Tump, tump, dum dum dum, like a drum beat. Excitement coursed through her with one thought PEOPLE. Rica stopped and looked around trying to determine which direction the sound was coming from. Off to the right, she started to walk that direction. The farther she walked the thirstier she became. Her lips were cracking and hurt. It felt like her face, neck and shoulders were badly sunburned, they hurt and felt blistered. After what seemed like an eternity of putting one foot in front of the other Rica staggered, dizzy. She thought she saw people in the distance and a tent like structure but her vision was blurry and she felt disoriented. Rica stumbled and tried to catch herself but fell hard to the ground. A red haze seemed to cloud her mind and she passed out. 
Someone was putting a cup to her lips and she felt water dribble into her mouth and down her chin. Rica swallowed and tried to grab the cup to drink more but the hands of someone stopped her. Rica opened her eyes and everything was blurry and her head pounded at the temples, the person setting next to the cot she lay on looked different somehow. The eyes were wrong. Rica tried to sit up and blacked out. 
Rica woke in a cool dark place, smooth stone all around her. She struggled to set up but was instantly dizzy and felt sick to her stomach. She moaned and closed her eyes to stop the spinning. A gentle hand touched her brow and she opened her eyes again. There was a light, flickering, like a candle providing dim light. Rica looked at the person crouched near her. It was hard to see in the dim light but it looked as though the man (yes defiantly male) was malformed about the head somehow. The ears were wrong. He was speaking but Rica could not understand what he was saying. His voice was low and soothing. He put a cup to her lips and helped her take a sip. Then eased her back to the cot she was laying on. He pulled the blanket up around her shoulders again. 
Please, where am I? Did you find me out in the desert? Who are you? Her voice sounded cracked and weak to her ears. It hurt to talk. 
The man shook his head, not understanding what she asked. He sat down beside her on a stool and put the candle on an ornate shelf that was mounted to the rock wall with carved birds. After a while Rica fell asleep again. 
When Rica woke up, there was a different person there by her. A young woman, she wore a dress with crystals and bells sewn to the skirt. The top of the dress had intricate beading in flower and tree leaf designs, with more crystals and bells alternating on ties around the neckline. The young woman lit a torch and put it in a wall sconce. There was now light enough to see a little better. The womans ears were different. Cat like with tufts of hair like a lynx and her eyes were like a cats too, with vertical pupils. Rica stared at her, and couldn't seem to stop. The woman cocked her head to one side and regarded Rica. She softly spoke but the words had no meaning to her. The language was soft and slightly slurred; Rica had never heard a language like it. 
I dont understand you. Im sorry. Rica said
The woman frowned slightly. Then stood and walked to a door. She opened it and spoke to someone outside, then returned to set on the stool by the cot Rica was laying on. Rica slowly sat up. She was weak but not dizzy anymore. Soon someone knocked at the door and then opened it. A young male entered carrying a bag, which he handed to the woman. Then he nodded and left. 
The woman searched through the bag and found a small pouch. She took out three round pendants. Then picked up a spool of leather cording off the table against the far wall. She put a pendant on a length of cord and tied it, then put if over her head. She repeated the procedure and gave the other pendant to Rica and smiled gesturing for Rica to put it on. Rica was puzzled but complied. The woman made another necklace with a pendant and put it on the table. Then the woman started to speak. It seemed she was talking just to talk. Every once in a while she would pause, as though waiting for Rica to say something. 
Soon Rica was feeling sort of embarrassed. Because she could not seem to get these people to comprehend she could not understand them. She sighed. 
Look, Im sure its a nice story and all but I don't understand you. And I need to find a bathroom. The pendants both glowed. The woman smiled and nodded. 
Whoa, what was that? Rica picked the pendant up off her chest and tried to look at it but the cord was too short. 
That was the translation rune activating. the woman said. 
Rica felt a chill down her back. She shook her head. 
I understood you. Rica said. But the words seemed to twist and change into the language of the woman. 
Thats right, now we can understand one another. The woman nodded and smiled. Are you feeling sick to your stomach still? Are you still feeling dizzy? She asked all business now. 
I-I am feeling better. 
I am Zafira a healer in training. You passed out on the path near our camp. I have healed you as best I can. The strange cat woman regarded Rica thoughtfully. I have sent for my cousin Nottia to help you get cleaned up and tell you what ever you need to know. Im sure you have many questions. 
A knock sounded on the door and a slim young woman came into the room. Ah, Nottia this is - Im sorry I didnt get your name. Zafira said. 
Im Rica. Ulrica Simpson 
Zafira handed Nottia the necklace off the table, Nottia put it around her neck. 
Im glad you are feeling better. Nottia said. Zafira left shutting the door behind her. Nottia showed Rica around the cave and took her to the bathroom, which consisted of a port-a-potty behind a screen in a large room. There was a washbasin on a table with a jug of water next to it. Rica washed her face and hands after relieving herself. The clothes she had on now were not her own. She looked at herself in the mirror on the wall. The clothes were colorful like the ones the cat people wore. 
Where are my clothes? Rica smoothed the red and orange shirt with her hand and looked down at the loose brown pants she had on. 
We washed them and you. Nottia laughed. Here Ill get them. Nottia sounded pleasant. She rummaged around and came back with Ricas clothes neatly washed and folded. 
Thank you. Rica said taking the clothes back behind the screen where she quickly changed into them. As she bent over to tie her shoes a sudden dizziness moved over her. She sat down and waited for the room to stop spinning. When the dizziness passed she stood up and joined Nottia again. 
This is a cave? Rica looked around her. Its beautiful in here like a palace or something. Nottia just smiled. The cave was finished with polished stonewalls and floors that were carved with intricate designs framing scenes of people and animals. When Rica looked up at the ceiling she saw that it was carved into scenes of cat like people doing various things, like holding a bowl or kneeling in front of what looked like giant crystals. The scenes on the ceiling looked like they were of an older time then the ones on the walls, the people wore a different type of clothing. The ceiling was reinforced with huge metal beams and columns, which were also decorated with some pictures and what looked like writing. But the writing was like none Rica had ever seen. It was like a mix of Chinese and wavy lines interspersed with curly cues. All she saw awed Rica. This cave was not like a cave at all but more like a palace. There were many rooms with carved wooden doors. The designs on the doors were of plants and animals, though they were strange to Rica. There were pictures of animals that were fantastic; none were like the animals of Earth. One of the carving depicted a huge cat with a spiny collar around its neck, people were riding giant lizards walking next to the big cat. Ricas stomach made a loud gurgling sound and Nottia glanced at her. 
Lets go get something to eat. This cave is huge and it would take all day to show it all to you. Nottia led Rica outside and they walked down the steps that were carved into the cliff side to a campsite. Nottia ladled broth into a cup and handed it to Rica, then served herself. Rica looked around and then back at Nottia. Nottia was pretty with small features. Her coloring was a soft tan with light brown stripes. Her ears were alert and twitched back under Ricas scrutiny. 
Sorry, I dont mean to stare. I have never seen anyone like you and Zafira. 
Its ok. You dont have people like me where you are from? Nottia touched her chest a look of curiosity on her face. 
No. Just people like me. Human I mean. Rica felt a little strange setting here talking to a cat person on a strange world. She looked up at the sky and saw the two moons there. One was bigger then the other and looked like it had an atmosphere with water or some kind of liquid and continents. There was a faint blue glow around the big moon. She shivered. Nottia looked at what Rica had just been staring at. 
They are beautiful dont you think? 
The moons? Yes, It looks like one has water and land like you could go there and walk around. It sounded funny when she said it out loud. 
People have gone there. There are citys there. The more adventurous people have gone up there to mine the tiplump and corista ores. They used to ship the ore down to manufacturers to process but its been a long time since there has been a shipment. Nottia was silent for a moment. Her eyes focused on the moons. Then she turned and looked at Rica. Most of the portals have stopped working and the magi are trying to fix them. My father wanted to go there and set up a trade house in the main settlement there on that big continent. See the one with the little hook. Nottia turned and pointed. Rica looked and saw it. 
So he decided not to go then? 
The portals stopped working when the violet affinity failed. Only the powerful violet affinity magi can still activate the portals. They got everyone who wanted to leave Pellant off and then they closed the portal. 
Pellant? Tenseness grew in Ricas shoulders her hands unconsciously clinched. What would all this mean for her?
The larger moon is called Pellant the smaller one is Beauty. 
Rica shivered in the growing dusk. A light wind had started and it was getting chilly. Nottia stood and collected the cups. She washed them and put them back in the bag she had gotten them from. 
The wind is starting up lets go back inside. 
Rica yawned. Yeah Im getting a little tired. 
Yes it will take a while for you to get your strength back. Zafira was worried about you. We are all glad you made it. 
Nottia led Rica back to the room they had set her up in. Rica was exhausted. A feeling of safety wrapped around her here in the cave though she could not have said why, she lay down and wondered if this was real or if she would wake up at home
 3  The Ritual

The strange girl puzzled Zafira, but she could not put off this ritual any longer. This was the main purpose of traveling here, for Zafira to perform the crystal affinity ritual and start her training as shaman and healer. This ritual could only be held once every five years when the moons were right and the season favorable. She straightened her robes and walked back to the sacred cavern of revelation. She had practiced for two years and had received her mothers blessing. 
Last night Nottia had prepared the circle. This was it. Zosimo, her brother and protector would stand guard at the mouth of the chamber in case something went wrong. Zafira did not want to think about that possibility. The drummer was Melnone, Nottias brother, and Nottia was going to pipe the sacred song. They were all in place. The music would go on all night while Zafira performed the ten rituals and the meditations for each crystal center. 
Zafira cleansed her body in the small pool in the chamber. Then dressed in the ritual raiment her mother had made for her, it had taken six months to finish the beading. It was an elegant white silk dress. Zafira slipped the heavy garment over her head; it was floor length with intricate beading all over. Each of the ten crystal centers was beaded around the hem of her dress with a gem cut crystal setting in the middle. Clear crystals were beaded the length of the dress from the bodice to the hemline, around the cuffs and neckline white crystals were beaded to appear as bracelets and necklace. She put on her matching beaded white silk slippers and left her hair unbound. The golden blond locks fell to her waist. There could be no restrictions. 
Melnone started the beat in the anti-chamber as she walked into the ritual room Nottia picked up the melody. The two rooms were open to each other so the sound filled them both. The music seemed to move her soul. The vibrations could be felt within the body as though coming from everywhere. The room was circular with ten columns supporting the domed roof. The columns, walls, and roof were intricately carved with runes and designs depicting the ten different magic affinities. The roof had ten circular holes that held clear thick crystal disks that allowed light to shine through. Zafira looked up and could see the night sky through them. Zosimo had cleaned them the day before, sweeping the sand off the outside. Zafira had chanted the Protection spell over them as her mother had thought her. The magic would hold the desert back until they returned again. The disks were positioned to illuminate each of the individual crystal centers. The floor was engraved with pathways leading from each of the ten columns to the central circle. 
She walked to the middle of the engraved floor. Zafira stopped and knelt on a thin padded rug in front of a small circular table. On the table she lit a white candle and then picked up a clay bowl with a soaring bird painted on it and mixed the ground root with the liquid in the bowl. Soon it was a milky green color. Nottia started piping a trilling lilt to the deep drumming. Zafira put the bowl to her lips and drank. The taste of the mix almost made her choke, she swallowed, the drum beat quickened and the song of the pipe seemed to be tearing her heart out of her chest. She was so nervous it was hard to breath. The journey had begun. 
She meditated until the moons where caught in the sky disks in the domed roof. Each crystal represented the different magics; because of this she would have to do a small ritual at each of the ten alcoves to determine which ones she was attuned with. On the table in front of her were ten herbal smudges laid out in order. The smudges had a base of white feather plant and then an individual herb that was supposed to help enhance a persons natural affinity for the type of magic the crystals held. 
Zafira picked up the first smudge, white feather plant and fire tail. She lit the end of the smudge with the candle. It burned hot and had an acrid smell that stirred hot emotions in her. She stood and followed the red path to the first alcove, placing the smudge into the stone holder on the left side of the large crystals. She looked at the red candle on the small rock shelf in front of the crystal alcove, Zafira took a deep breath allowing the smoke from the smudge to fill her lungs, feeling the anger in her stir she tried to hold onto that emotion and picturing in her head the candle lighting and burning she recited the incantation
Red of creation, hot and vibrant, I will this candle to light by my internal fire. 
Nothing happened. Zafira had expected this. Most people didnt have an affinity to magic; People who did usually only had one affinity and occasionally had a secondary skill. Although nothing happened, Zafira continued reciting the incantation and visualize the candlewick bursting into flame until the smudge stopped burning. Turning she followed the red inlayed crystal path on the floor back to the center circle. 
The music continued to weave sound through the room; however, the beat changed when she had returned to the table. Instead of the angry/hot tempo, it swelled to something more steady and calming. 
Zafira lit the second smudge for the orange crystal magic. This smudge was the white feather plant and dried kloda leafs. These smelled welcoming and friendly when burned. Following the orange path this time, she placed the burning smudge into the holder on the left. Looking at the shelf there was a small cage with a skittish rako in it. These small animals tended to be afraid of everyone. Zafira was thinking soothing thoughts to the rako and opened a small door in the cage. She was imagining the rako sitting in her out stretched hands and recited the incantation. 
Orange of attraction, Let this rako see me as one with him, bring him to sit on my hand
Nothing happened with the crystal. But the rako edged forward and then suddenly nipped Zafiras finger and jumped down and ran as fast as it could out of the cavernous room. Sighing, Zafira continued imagining the rako coming back until the smudge stopped burning. Closing the small door she moved back to the center table. 
Lighting the third smudge of white feather plant and yellow plains sheath, the smell was sweet and mild. The Yellow crystal was a specialization discipline of the Orange crystal. This alcove had two identical vials one was filled with a deadly poison and the other was harmless. This ritual test was to see if she could have the intelligence and clarity to know the difference. Holding a vial in each hand she began the incantation. 
Yellow of information, give me the knowledge I seek, which potion is safe. 
Nothing happened. She put them both back untouched. Without the needed affinity to guild her, it would be foolish to risk death.
Lighting the fourth smudge, Zafiras hand shook. This was the alcove she had been waiting for. She desperately wanted to see the green crystals glow. Although she had been expecting nothing from the first three it still felt discouraging to will things to happen and have nothing occur. This smudge had white feather plant and Kahsha river moss. When she lit the smudge it immediately started to smoke and had a pungent odor, taking several deep breaths, Zafira could taste the moss. She could almost imagine the river and the trees. She could smell the earthly qualities to it. Again the tempo of the music changed to be in sync with the green magic. Zafira followed the green crystal path to the fourth column alcove with a brilliant large crystal formation. Placing the smudge in the holder, Zafira looked down at a different rako in a cage. This one had some kind of skin disease, its fur was patchy and the soars were infected. Imagining the infection leaving the rako and the soars healing, Zafira felt a wave of compassion for her little furry friend. Concentrating on healing him she began the incantation
Green of healing, remove this infection, heal his soars
The large green crystal started to glow softly at first and as Zafiras confidence and concentration grew so did the glow of the crystal. She continued until the smudge went out. Looking down the rako was mostly healed. Zafira let out the breath she didnt realize she had been holding and continued back to the table. 
Her heart was pounding and feeling elated that she could now officially take up the apprenticeship as a shaman and healer to her people. Zafira did not expect anything else to happen at the other alcoves but as was tradition she needed to continue with the ceremony. Bringing her mind back to focus on the task at hand Zafira lit the fifth smudge, white feather plant and a root from a blue flower. The smoke had a slightly oily quality and had a bluish haze to it. Faced with the blue crystal, a mirrored scrying bowl, and a chalice filed with purified water; Zafira picked up the chalice filled with the pure water, holding it in her hands she began the incantation
Blue for scrying, guide my vision, show me that which is of utmost importance to me
Pouring the water carefully into the mirrored scrying bowl, the blue crystal began to glow softly, looking into the bowl Zafira saw the face of the young human girl they found in the wastes, the blood red hair, the green eyes, the small nose and ivory skin. This was the face of the girl they had rescued starring back at her. After Zafira got over the initial shock that she had a small secondary ability, it hit her, the scrying she asked for was to show her that which is of utmost importance to her. How is it that a human girl who she has never known before is going to be a vital part in her life? Zafira had hoped at this particular alcove if she did have the ability. That it would show her future mate. This girl defiantly was not her future mate. The smudge extinguished and the image of the girl faded. 
The ceremony continued with nothing happening at the last five crystal alcoves of violet, pink, turquoise, white and black. Zafira was not surprised that there was no reaction from these last crystals the violet was a specialization of the blue and had not been active for the last twenty-five years, it was the latest affinity to fail. The pink crystal was a specialization of the red crystal and again had not been active for hundreds of years. The turquoise was a master specialization from the green and blue and would have been nice to have but there had been no magi born in over one thousand years to hold such an affinity. It was said a magi with the turquoise affinity could resurrect the dead or bring people back from the brink of death with a touch. Everyone assumed that this crystal would stay dormant but everyone hoped in his or her secret heart of hearts that they would be the one to awaken this affinity. Zafira was happy with the two affinities she had. She had hoped for one but to have two was astounding. Zafira went to bed tired and happy. 
When Zafira woke the next day, her whole body ached, when she stood the room seemed to spin and it was hard to stay standing. The memory of the scrying was still fresh in her mind as though printed there like the pictures in the ancient tomes her mother kept in the library of her home. She would have to tell her mother about this vision and the strange girl who had appeared in their camp from the wastes. Nothing lived in the wastes. No people called it home, no caravans crossed it, it was a waste land to everything, animals avoided it, and even the birds would fly around it rather than cross it. It was a puzzle how this young human girl had crossed the wastes with no food and no water. And now to have this same girl play a leading role in her scrying was unheard of. Zafira had to get back to Shani and talk to her mother as soon as possible and she had to convince this girl to accompany her. 

 4 - Affinity

The cot Rica lay on was stiff; it was hard to find a comfortable position to lie in. Rica rolled over and sighed. A small sound drew her attention. It sounded like a mouse scurrying. Rica lay still, listening. The door, which was partially open, creaked. The sound of scurrying feet was clear now, the cot shook as an animal climbed the cot leg and jumped on the blankets. The furry animal tried to get as close to her as possible. It was shaking with fear. Rica realized the animal was afraid and was seeking a safe place to hide. 
Cautiously getting up so not to alarm the little animal Rica lit a candle by the cot. Nottia had shown her the lighting stick and how to use it. The furry animal was burrowed into the blankets shaking violently. Rica spoke softly to the little creature and gently pulled the blanket back. The animals fur was a soft tan and grey. He had big ears and a long fluffy tail. He looked like a hamster with a squirrels tail and large round ears. 
You are the cutest little thing aren't you? Rica whispered. She slowly reached her hand out to pet it but it leaped into her lap and cuddled there, hiding its head in her shirt. Rica laughed and pet its soft fur. 
Ok little guy, if you are going to be my new friend you need a name. How about Jim? I like that. 
Rica fed Jim some left over bread and stroked his soft fur. After a bit she lay down and blew the candle out. Her new friend sleeping curled into the crook of her arm. 
The next morning Rica yawned and stretched, her new friend forgotten until Jim put his furry pink feet on her chin and licked her nose. 
Shortly after getting reacquainted with her new four-footed pal, Rica heard a knock at the door and Zafira walked in. She stopped short with a surprised look on her face as she noticed Jim in Ricas lap. 
Where did you find the Raco? Zafira asked. 
He came in last night sometime. He was scared. 
Zafira looked at Jim and shook her head. He bit me last night during my ritual. I don't think he likes me at all. 
Ritual? 
I came here to find my affinity. Zafira replied
Rica frowned, Well you cant sacrifice Jim. I dont like people who hurt animals. 
Zafira looked at Rica in astonishment. We do not sacrifice!
Well then why did you have him in your ritual? No wonder he was scared. 
Zafira sighed. Come with me, I will show you and explain the ritual to you. You can make your own decision. 
With that she turned and walked to the door. Turning back to look at Rica she said, Coming? 
Rica stood and put Jim on the bed. Then started to follow Zafira. Jim leaped from the bed to Ricas shoulder and clung to her hair with his pink hand like paws, wrapping his long tail partially around her neck. 
On the way Zafira told Rica about the ritual and why it was important to her. She explained Jims role in the ritual and what had happened, showing Rica her injured finger. The deeper they went into the cave the more the halls and rooms were finished in carvings with the occasional statue along the way. It was elegant and beautiful how the carvings and crystals sparkled as Rica drew near them. When they were at the Ritual room, Zafira explained that the crystals didn't glow unless there was an affinity for that type of magic within the person close to them. Sometimes you had to look close to see the glow since it was harder to see in the day. 
Zafira walked to the center of the room and motioned to Rica to come in. Rica had paused in the entrance. As she walked into the room all of the crystals lit up with brilliant light. Illuminating the room in a rainbow of color. Jim took a flying leap off Ricas shoulder and scurried out the door. Zafira gasped in surprise and slowly turned around the room to look at all the crystals glowing, her gaze stopped on Rica. 
Rica, who are you? Where did you come from? 
Rica looked at the surprise on Zafiras face, Well Im Ulrica and I come from Earth. I told you Im just trying to get home and I dont know how I got here. 
Taking a deep breath Rica walked farther into the chamber and looked around at the massive space. The flour was covered in intricately carved tiles in a circular pattern. The walls held mosaics of fantastic pictures of stars and planets. There were columns bordering alcoves with giant crystals in them evenly spaced around the room. The columns were covered in designs and writings with different patterns at each pillar. The alcove she was closest too had a deep red crystal in it putting off a crimson radiance, the carvings around the column looked like fire, it was exquisite craftsmanship. As Rica stepped farther into the space she felt drawn to the brilliant white crystal to her right. Next to the white crystal she noticed a huge black crystal and a feeling of safety wrapped her in a cloying blanket of peace. Rica walked toward the White and Black crystals alcoves. When she came to stand between the two recesses she felt a surge of power and they both became brighter. A low resonance could be felt from them. 
Rica was struck with the brilliance of the colors coming from the crystals Is it normal for them to all glow so brightly? she asked Zafira. 
Zafira seemed nervous and shaken when she slowly replied, No, this is not normal at all. Im not sure what it means that they all came to life for you, in the middle of the day no less. Her voice sounded strained. 
Is there something wrong? After all it wouldnt be good to have caused some kind of trouble with the only people you have seen in this place Rica thought. 
The crystal chamber not only helps to identify a persons affinity but it also unlocks the magic within them. So a person who has been to this chamber and had a crystal awaken has the ability to learn that type of magic Taking a slow breath Zafira started to slowly walk around the room, gesturing for Rica to follow. Trying to take a step seemed impossible to Rica at that moment she seemed rooted to the spot. A tingly, swirling energy seemed to flow around her feet and up her legs. She couldnt move. 
It is rare in these times for a person to have an affinity for one magic much less two- having an affinity for all of them is unheard of. For the last five hundred years only five have been awake. The cat womans voice sounded shaky as though she didnt quite believe it herself. 
What does that mean for me? Um, I dont think I can move. I seem to be stuck. She was feeling a little concerned about not being able to move her feet. Some warm vibration of power wrapped itself about her making her feel calm. Inside Rica could feel apart of her struggling against it. Rica looked at Zafira and then around the room. The room was lit in a rainbow of color. 
It means that you are special. Zafira was staring at her now, her ears pricked forward. I have read that in ancient times there were masters who could control four to five magics, and only one in recorded history that could control all of the crystals- until you. Zafira walked over to Rica and held her hands out flat to the floor and said something under her breath. The energy in the room is holding you. I think it will only last a moment. I dont feel any harmful magic. She frowned her ears back flat then forward again. 
Is there something you can do to stop this? I dont want to be stuck here. Rica could feel the energy release her. She could move again. Nervously she tossed her hair back over her shoulder getting it out of her eyes. 
Zafira gently put her arm around her shoulders, Im not sure what is going on, but my mother is wise and she has studied the crystals and history all her life, I think it would be best if you came with us to speak with her. We need to take you to my mother; she might be able to tell us how you got here from your world and why you have such a strong gift. We have books in our library that are older then even the Academys
The Academy? Look I just want to get home! Feeling overwhelmed and a little afraid something reached up from the air and surrounded Rica. She could feel something wanted her to stay. Rica shook her head to clear it. Reaching up and touching the crystal formation in front of her Rica looked at the carvings around it, they looked to have elements from all the other carvings. These are so beautiful. She heard herself say. What can someone do who has an affinity to these two crystals, I seem so drawn to them. Why was she asking these questions? It was as though she wasnt in control of herself. Rica fought for control of her mind and body. 
Unaware of Ricas internal struggle Zafira answered her. The black and the white are the rarest affinity for someone to have, supposedly the black affinity means you can control part of the magic from each crystal and the white is one of the strongest forms of protection from the others. Zafira coaxed Rica to walk with her around the room to stand before each of the crystal alcoves so that she could explain what they did. As they approached the turquoise crystals it also blazed more vibrantly and hummed. Rica felt like she was walking through a thick substance. It was hard to breathe. 
The turquoise magic is also a lost magic, it was, or now is, the power of major healing. As in being able to completely heal a person who is near death. I was always taught that this type of healing magic is dangerous to the person wielding it, because it could drain your own life force. To each magic there is an equal cost Zafiras words washed over Rica as though in a dream. 
Continuing around the circle the pink crystals began to hum, If you use the magic of the pink crystal it was said that you could control another beings emotions and feel what they are feeling. These type of magi were valued by many The tingling from the floor was stronger now almost uncomfortable. Zafira didnt seem to feel it or maybe she was used to it. Rica didnt want it to stop but part of her screamed to be free. 
When Rica looked at the carvings around the violet crystal niche she was intrigued. They were unusual carvings of a person with two faces, or with the face of a human or an animal. If this was a dream she might as well go along with it. The part of her that wanted to run away seemed to be weaker now. Rica looked up; there was a strange carving at the top with swirling lines, giving the impression of movement. The deep violet gave off an eerie purple light and also hummed. The humming increased the tingling; the energy was intoxicating, dizzy with the humming Rica swayed to the thrum. It was like a heartbeat and Ricas matched its cadence. They continued around to each of the crystals Rica only partially listening to Zafiras explanations. The carvings were all unique, and Zafiras story was interesting but there was no way that this could be real. In Ricas mind this was all an elaborate dream she could not seem to wake from. Maybe she had hit her head when she fell on the hillside and was in a coma or something. It was just so strange that everything felt so real, the rock was hard the water wet the light bright, and the sunburn that she had gotten in the desert hurt like a real sunburn. Shaking her head Rica tried to wake up. 
All the crystals were humming now and it was soothing to Rica, the light was intense, walking along the red crystal path on the ground she moved to the center of the room. Rica felt as if she was standing in a cloud of energy swirling around her. Her world was collapsing and exploding at the same time in the humming and light. The rush of her own blood joined in the vortex of energy, one, together, whole. 
Ricas feet left the ground as the power of the crystals converged around her, her body slowly spinning, it felt like a million tiny sparks of electricity had exploded over every part of her skin. The humming from the crystals got louder almost deafening as the rush of energy spun her to face each crystal. As she faced each one a small part of them broke away and came to float with her. Ricas long hair stood out from her head as she turned. She opened her mouth to gasp for the breath she so desperately needed and breathed in light and sound. Suddenly all the power turned into blinding white light and condensed inside of her. It felt as if she was complete somehow as if before she had not been whole. All the energy rushed towards her in a symphony of harmonizing sound and light. When it reached her it suddenly stopped, making the sound of a thunderclap followed by a deafening silence. As she fell to the floor the small crystal shards landed in a perfect circle around her. The tingling pain subsided, Rica felt lost in an ocean of energy, a part of some larger whole. 
Zafira had been pushed out of the crystal chamber into the anti room. When Rica crumbled to the ground, Zafira ran to her,
Rica! Are you alright? Zafira knew for a fact that she had to get Rica to her mother. 
Rica pushed herself up into a sitting position and looked at Zafira with a dazed expression. There were no words for what had happened. 
Zafira looked at her nervously, Are you okay? 
I feel  whole. I cant explain it. 
Zafira looked at the small crystals in a circle around Rica, I think you should take those crystals with you, they are a gift of the power. Zafira looked at this girl who had fallen into her care and was afraid. Afraid for what this could mean. She took a breath and exhaled, calming down. When she looked at Rica she felt a connection. Some force outside of her demanded she help this girl. 
Zafira put a hand out to Rica, Come lets get out of this chamber. Every mage on the planet would have felt that surge of power. They had to get away from this place. Reaching down Rica scooped up all the crystals then accepted Zafiras hand and pulled her-self up. As they walked out of the ritual room Jim leaped up to Ricas shoulder, scolding her as he settled there. Intense relief washed over her as Jim touched her. The feeling seemed to be coming from him. A loose tile on the floor caught her foot and she stumbled. 
What had happened in that room? Rica asked herself over and over as she walked through the caverns. She looked at the ten crystals in her hand then stuffed them into her front pocket. A residual tingling remained inside of her. It lurked there waiting. But waiting for what? She had to get out of here. She had to get home. If this were some crazy dream now would be a good time to wake up. Rica realized this strange cat person walking next to her was her only salvation. When she glanced at Zafira a pull of energy surged as though she were tied to this person with an invisible rope. What had this cat girl done to her? When she thought that it felt wrong. Zafira had done nothing but rescue her, heal her, and befriend her. No there was something else at work. I hate mysteries Rica sighed. Like it or not she was not waking up. 
The people that had accompanied Zafira were already packing when Rica left the cave with Jim on her shoulder. All the camp equipment and ritual items were packed into boxes and were being placed on a floating wagon. Rica stood and stared. She had never seen anything like this. There were two large lizard-like creatures standing there munching on what looked like orange grass. One of the lizards was harnessed to the wagon. Rica recognized them from the carvings in the cave. Over coming her apprehension of the huge reptiles Rica walked over to Nottia and asked if she could help, all the while keeping the lizards in view and as far away from them as she could get. Nottia laughed when she noticed Ricas hesitation. 
Are you afraid of the Yemis? They wont hurt you. Nottia said. 
Yemis? 
These Yemis are well trained. They are great companions on the trail. Nottia stood and gestured for Rica to follow her. She put her hand on the lizard closest to her and petted it, all the while speaking quietly to it. Not wanting to look like she was afraid, Rica walked over to the creature and cautiously stroked its hide, which was not at all like a lizard from home but covered in soft velour like fur. She felt contentment from the big animal. Rica shook her head that cant be right. 
Their soft. Rica said in surprise. Trying to ignore the feelings coming at her she decided to act like everything was ok. The feelings werent bad, just alien. She pinched herself. WAKE UP! She thought. She looked around no one seemed to notice she was struggling with this weird inner thing. She concentrated on the animal. The fur was wonderful to touch. They were warm and Rica could feel curiosity coming from this one directed at her. 
Haven't you ever seen a Yemis before? Nottia asked. 
Im not from here. Where I come from there is only one moon and there are no creatures like this. Had she imagined the feeling? Or was she feeling emotions from the beasts? Jim rubbed his head on her cheek. A warm feeling of belonging washed over her. 
Hmm. Nottia looked at her thoughtfully. 
What are the floating wagons called? And how do you get them to float? Might as well play along with this crazy dream. 
They are called trebs and they are runed of course. Nottia shrugged. 
Ruined? They look ok to me. Rica looked at the wagon thing and didnt see anything wrong with it. 
Not broken, they have runes that power them. Nottia laughed and pointed to the carved symbols around the base of the treb. Rica flushed runed of coarse. While they looked at the treb two men walked up with a box each in their arms they put them on the back of the treb and pushed them to the back of the wagon bed. Rica thought she had seen one of them before. Nottia waved at them. 
This is Zosimo my cousin and the other one is my brother, Melnone. Nottia gestured at each in turn. 
Hi! Rica said looking at each of them. Zosimo was the one who had taken care of her in the cave. He was blond like his sister and slight of build. He moved with a grace and power she envied. 
Thanks for taking care of me Zosimo. She said with a smile. Zosimo smiled back at her. Rica reached up and touched her translation rune necklace. Only Zafira, Nottia and herself had them. How was it that she could understand and speak to the two men? She was about to ask but Zosimo was talking. Ill have to remember to ask Zafira, she told herself. 
My sister was responsible for that. I knew I had to or she would have turned me into something nasty. Just then Zafira walked up with a bag to put in the back. She huffed. 
Zos! I would not, nor can I, turn anyone into anything they arent. You are so annoying sometimes. 
Just pulling your crystal Zaf. Dont get all twinged. Zosimo joked his voice light. 
Lets get this done so we can get out of here before sundown. Zafira looked around as though expecting something to jump out at her. 
As you command sister. Zosimo grinned. The two men went to get more boxes to load and Zafira turned and walked back up to the cave doors closing them and murmuring something. As Rica watched in amazement the door shimmered and the seams disappeared giving an appearance of a seamless rock wall. The only thing indicating there had been a door there was the carved pillars on each side as though someone had started making a building but hadnt finished. Now there were steps leading to four pillars and a blank wall. Clever cats!

 5 - Moyolehauni

Moyolehauni moaned and thrashed in his dream, a vision of swirling energy with a young human woman in its center, her hair was dark blood red almost black, her skin was white. She was slender and beautiful the energy around her was a full spectrum of colors with a white almost blinding light surrounding her. Outside of this light was a darkness Moyo couldnt see into; all he felt was the hatred and evil coming from it. This darkness was stalking the beautiful woman. Moyo reached out to try to help her but the vision receded away from him. He sat up in bed, his skin wet with sweat, his heart racing. Scrubbing at his face he stood up and stretched, these dreams were getting more intense. For most of his life Moyo has had these strange dreams of this girl, but this dream had been different it had felt real. The girl had been so real, Moyo felt he could have reached out and touched her; lately it was hard to think about anything else. He kept seeing her piercing green eyes, the sense of foreboding and danger was getting much harder to ignore. Moyo got dressed and headed down to the dock to work. The day went by uneventfully. 
Wind blew the hair back from Moyos face as he pulled the heavy net on to the dock. Not much fish today, only a couple of boxes in the hold full, fishing was starting to die down with the season. In the height of the season it was not unusual to come home with the hold full of fish and have some boxes iced on the deck as well. The fourteen-man crew of the Trident was happy to be home. They didnt go out for the two week fishing trips this time of year but stayed close to home. Moyo knew he would have to say good-bye to the crew today. His teacher and friend Master LeaNic would expect him to return to school. As he hung the net up to dry he remembered the first time he had helped Master LeaNic with his secondary income in the fishing industry. Master LeaNic owned the fishing boat Trident and ran it out of the seaside town of Compton on Shay Isle. He often hired students to help fill spots on the boat for men that needed the time off for family or other reasons. The students earned some credits and learned a lot about the ecology of the sea and the hard work that went into catching the fish and selling them in the markets. Over the years Moyo had learned a lot about the craft and had found solace in it. It was quiet out on the bay, the dawn always bringing some new discovery for Moyo to ponder over. Today had been different, Master LeaNic was getting old, and that was a startling thought. Moyo had always known Master LeaNic would be there, with his quite smile and kind eyes. Now Moyo worried if the day was drawing near that his adoptive father would leave him forever to slip into the silence of death. Moyo didnt want to think about that possibility but it lingered there in the back of his thoughts. 
Moyo fixed one of the tears in the net and then inspected it for more; he nodded his head in satisfaction all the holes were fixed. He put the tools up. He picked up the sturdy bag he had bought just two weeks ago and went to the large wooden boxes on the dock waiting for someone to load onto a treval. Moyo picked the five biggest fish he had set aside and put them in the bag. He tied the bag shut and started off with a wave to the dock Forman that all was ready to be loaded. He walked up to the towns main street and headed west toward the heights. 
Master LeaNic was like a father to Moyo and when Moyo had heard he had been hurt in a freak accident and broken his left leg and arm; Moyo had requested he have his break from the university early to help him out. It had been two weeks now and his master was well on the mend. The healing of the spirit mages had done wonders. Master LeaNic would always walk with a limp now but he was walking. It would be time to return to his studies soon. 
As he walked up the street, he thought of the dreams he had been having. He had had the same disturbing dream every night since he had woken in his room at school, the beautiful girl with long red hair and piercing green eyes. She looked terrified in his dream and reached out to him, swirling energy surrounding her and then the evil blackness stalking her. He would wake with a start, his heart racing, and the urge to help her strong. 
Moyo! He looked up and saw the young Kelnea spreading his fledgling wings ready to launch off in flight. 
Kelnea, NO! To late the boy was aloft and the wind caught his wings and flipped him end over end in a mad somersault. Moyo dropped the bag and ran to the boy and grabbed his foot as he went past. Dragging him down to the ground, the boy clutched at Moyo. Moyo set him on the ground and ruffled his feathered crest. Kelnea was the son of Mayla and Toric, Moyos friends from his days in Underschool. Underschool was the first schools the Miwa attended, then they would either go to a trade school or the Overschool depending on their aptitudes and affinities. The Overschool was similar to a University. 
The wind is too strong today Kelnea. Moyo chuckled. He dusted off the boys back where the dirt from the road had soiled the garment and went back and picked up the bag of fish. 
Ugg, is that fish again? Kelnea screwed up his face in distaste. 
Its the best of the catch today. Here go clean them and say hi to your mom for me. 
Arent you coming to dinner? The boy sounded hopeful. 
No I have to pack and get ready to go back to school. Ill probably be back this summer if all works out ok. 
Awww
See ya Kelnea!
Ok, see ya Moyo. 
Moyo turned and walked down the street to the right. Half way down the street Master LeaNic stepped out of a shop door. I wondered what you did with the fish every day. 
Master! said a startled Moyo. 
I don't mind you helping people Moyo. I didn't know they were going through hard times. Is Toric not back then? 
No, Toric hasnt been back for over a year and Mayla hasn't heard any news. 
Master LeaNic shook his head. Ah, she just had to ask, I would have been happy to help. 
My friend is too proud to ask I fear. I didn't know until I came to help you after your accident and went to visit Toric. Mayla said Toric and his crew went with the merchant ship Dawn Star and they have not been seen or heard from again. They were supposed to only be gone for six months at the most. 
The Barbarian sailors have not come to trade this year. Its strange. They are usually always on time. 
The Barbarian merchant ships brought vegetables (Dried), herbs, grains, and other trade goods to the Miwa people. The Miwa traded dried fish, herbs, perfumes, jewelry, finely crafted arrows, and other trade goods to the barbarians. 
Moyo shook his head. 
Lets get some dinner and get you packed. Monsore will be here at eight to pick up your bags and take you to the clat launch. 
The clat was a large enclosed car where passengers sat as the car was pulled up the mountain with heavy metal cables to the peak. His people the Miwa were winged and adept at flying but that didn't mean they flew were ever they went. And when they had suitcases and supplies to carry they used the transportation available. 
After he reached the university Moyo unpacked and settled into his room. Went to dinner, met up with his friends and retired for the night. The next day he made an appointment to see the Dean of Magic Professor Semloc. He would wait to see what the man said before signing up for his last class. 
When the meeting came around Moyo walked up the stairs to the deans office and knocked on the door. When he heard the Come in. Moyo walked into the mans office. The Dean greeted him and asked him to sit at one of the chairs in the room the dean took a chair opposite him. 
Shaleant de Curria, what can I help you with today? The dean said using Moyos formal title. Moyo did not feel comfortable with his hereditary title and avoided using it whenever he could. 
You can call me Moyo, no need to use my fathers title. 
There is every need in this society to remind us all who you are and who your parents were. I am proud to have you in our university and honored to have known you. You are young yet Moyo and do not yet appreciate all that was lost when the power structure changed in this kingdom. What are we now Moyo? No longer do we honor the monarchy but we still need you. The crystals are the only things that keep this world working. Your family is the only line that has a direct affinity to the core of the crystals the only family to hold the key to the Chamber of the Light. That key is not a thing you can hold in your hand but only in the heart of the Shaleant. You are the Shaleant whether you or anyone else disagrees with that it is still true. The failing of the crystals and the affinitys that go with them are in my opinion tied to the peoples failure to honor the way of the One. It was a mistake to have destroyed the balance when your father and mother were killed in the uprising when you were three. I believe that is why no one has been able to attune to the violet affinity since that fateful day. The mob rose up and destroyed their only salvation. It was providence that saved the son of the Shaleant when Master LeaNic took you. Do not be ashamed to bare the title you inherited Moyo. Bare it with honor. Enough of my lecture, what brings you to me today? 
I am humbled by your words sir. Moyo was stunned by the Deans pronouncement and beliefs in the old ways. 
Yes well lets get to why you are here. Please tell me your vision. Dont leave any detail out no matter how trivial you think it is. Visions are only sent when the situation is dire. 
I have been plagued by these visions for years but they were always unformed. They always felt like dreams before. 
But something changed? What was it? 
Yes. It felt real last time. Like I was watching something happening in real life. I could almost reach out and touch her. It felt like if I didnt help her she would die, or worse. Moyo trailed off not sure he should continue. It sounded so fantastic in the light of day. 
Like the world depended on you helping this girl? The Professor said. 
Yes. It sounds so foolish now that I say it out loud. Moyo looked down at the rug. 
No. You were right to come to me. I think this is part of a bigger issue. Years ago there was a magi who had a dream about four friends who would inter the Chamber of Light and realign the crystal metrics. I think you need to tell your dream to the other Magi here. This is an important vision. He reached over and squeezed Moyos arm in reassurance. Your family has always been gifted in this sort of thing. 
The Dean went out and talked to his assistant then returned leading Moyo into a conference room. 
Ive called a meeting of the magi who I believe should hear this. I do think this is part of the prophecy of the four. 
The other Deans were there as well as the Elder Counsel member in charge of Magic. Moyo related his dreams and answered their questions for what felt like hours. When they were satisfied they asked him to go and told him they would contact him with whatever decision they came to. 
It was many days until Moyo was called back to meet with the Magi. When Moyo entered the conference room, they had scrolls and books open on the table in front of them and called Moyo over and had him sit. Moyo had always been taller than everyone around him and had felt uncomfortable about it. Today he wanted to shrink so that he wasnt so noticeable, but that would never happen. He stood out amongst his own kind, his hair was platinum blond almost white, his eyes were lavender, a rare eye color in any race but only his family had ever had that particular color amongst the Miwa. His wings were white with blue wing tips; again only his family had that coloring. Moyo felt self-conscious today more that ever with all eyes on him as he walked in. He looked around at the assembled people. It didnt look like they had slept since he had seen them last. The Dean of Magic had dark circles under his eyes and looked like he could hardly stay awake. The Elder Counsel told him of a prophecy and their concerns and decision to send him on a quest to find the mysterious girl he had seen in his dreams. 
Which prophecy do you speak of? There are many prophecys. Moyo asked. 
Prophecies are peculiar things Shaleant de Curria. It is believed that if one is a part of the prophecy knowing it would change it. Causing unknowable repercussions. The learned men and women of this School and the Council of Magic have extensively studied this prophecy and have gone so far as to bring in the Scrying Masters to confirm that you and this girl in your dreams are key parts to it. The Elder Counsel spoke slowly and all were quiet in respect to him and his great age. 
Thank you Counsel Master Simorlant le Antice for your confidence in me. 
It is no confidence I hold in you Shaleant de Curria. You are merely a key player in this prophecy. The girl is the focal point. It is up to you to keep her safe and to make sure it plays out to its conclusion. You will do what she wants and go where she goes. Stay close to her. She will lead you. 
Moyo felt as though all the wind had been knocked from him. Here he had thought he was the subject in a major prophecy and all he was, was the bodyguard of a human girl he had never met! Moyo bowed formally to the Elder Counsel and the Magi in the room. 
Thank you. Is there any thing you can tell me? What direction I should travel? That wouldnt effect the prophecy would it? 
No it would not effect the prophecy since it is not a part of it. The scrying masters have determined a place to start looking. Magi Professor Timory will give you instructions and traveling funds. We dont want you to use your own funds on this quest; it must come from the free isles of the Miwa instead of from the coffers of the old monarchy. Do you understand Shaleant?
Moyo understood. He had understood all his life that he lived for the Council of Elders convenience. They needed his unique DNA to open the doors to the Chamber. His family was the only key and he was the last of his line alive. I understand. 
We have written out what you can know Shaleant de Curria, the secretary will give you all that you can take with you. We have taken the liberty to pack for you. Thank you for undertaking this Vision Quest for it is of grave importance. Good luck. Magi Timory nodded to Moyo. The secretary stepped forward to show Moyo out handing him a small case. 
Someone had packed supplies for him and his clothes. Professor Semloc handed Moyo his fathers crystal imbued bow and quiver of arrows to take with him. Moyo didnt tell them that the Professor Semloc had told him it was the prophecy of the four, he avoided looking at the Dean as he took his fathers bow. 
The secretary of the school was a typical Miwa, medium height with light brown wings and brown eyes. He led Moyo from the chambers to the clat without allowing him to say his good byes. Telling him it was imperative to keep this quiet since a prophecy was involved. The secretary told him how to contact him in the advent of an emergency and impressed upon him that he needed to do what he felt best at all times and that the magi could not counsel him in anyway lest they change the prophecy. 

 6  The Line

The Yemis started pulling the treb when Zos clicked at it in an affectionate voice. He reached down and stroked its soft neck. Rica was sitting in the seat next to Zafira so she had a good view of the Yemis and what Zos was doing. Melnone, Nottias brother, was riding the other Yemis and kept up with Zos. Rica thought it was odd that Zos rode the Yemis that pulled the treb, but it seemed to work okay. Zafira and Nottia were talking about what they would do when they got back home. Energy hummed in the runes of the treb. Rica could feel its strong, almost hypnotizing power. She forced herself to concentrate on the scenery. 
The rock road was just wide enough for the two Yemis to walk side by side. The treb floated behind. Rica liked that there were no jarring bumps or teeth rattling ruts and if there were it didnt affect her in the treb, it glided over them silently. The sound of the yemiss soft padded feet and the click of their hard claws was the only sound of their movement. Rica looked around at the canyon walls as the Yemis pulled them up the ancient road. The walls of the canyon were layered in many colors of quarts and sediment. It was a wonder of color and heat as the day progressed. 
Something bothered her about the surrounding land. The same thing she had noticed while she was lost in the wastes. There were no animals or plants along the way. Rica didnt see any birds in the sky or insects for that matter. 
There arent any plants here. The deserts on Earth have plants. Rica said. 
Nottia looked around and gestured back the way they had come. This is the edge of the wastes. Nothing lives here. As though that explained everything. 
Zafira glanced over at Rica and added, The Magi and Scientists have tried to reverse the effects here but so far there has been no change. 
Magi? Scientists she could grasp but magi? These cats were always talking about magic and magi. So far what she had seen of magic up close had been uncomfortable and a little more than unnerving. 
Was it a spell that had gone wrong to cause this wasteland? 
There was a war fought here a long time ago. Now the land is sterile. Even birds wont fly over it. Zafira was so matter of fact about it all. Though war was no joke. 
Must have been a bad war. Not that all wars arent bad. Oh never mind. Rica shook her head. Sometimes she just couldnt express what she meant. 
You are right. We Kahshians believe that no one ever wins in a war. All suffer. We are traders and business people. We dont even have an Army. Zafira looked at her earnestly. 
Arent you afraid some country will just come and take your land? The idea of no army to defend a country was strange to Rica who had come from a country that was the leader of the free world. 
No, our cities have defenses just no Army. There are diplomatic ways to resolve any issue. The pride in Zafiras voice was there for all to hear. The sentiment made Ricas nerves seem to tingle. Something was trying to get her attention. 
I hope youre right. Maybe the people of my world havent learned how to live that way. But one thing I have learned is that bullies like to pick on the little guy, especially if they dont have a way to defend themselves. These people were nave!
The Yemis were slowing down. The ancient road was coming to an end. Rica looked around and back the way they had come. The road winded down into the canyon a ribbon of white quartz. Rica could see a good part of the massive canyon from where they were now. It stretched out for miles with many branches and limbs going out like a giant rock tree. The only white quartz in the area was that paving the ancient roadway and echoed in the walls next to it. The rest of the canyon was in darker colors, reds, purples, even black. Beyond the canyon Rica imagined it must look like a vast desert of sand and rock. She could not see beyond the canyon it stretched out as far as she could see. 
The treb came to a stop and Rica turned around and gasped to see trees and foliage in a clear line ahead of them. Where the wastes started and stopped was as though someone had drawn a line. One side of the line life flourished the other side barren rock and sand. The difference was striking. Zafira watched Rica as she noticed the line and nodded. 
Its almost like someone drew a line! Rica exclaimed. A sickening swell of energy wrapped itself around her and pulled away again. Gooseflesh formed along her arms. 
Yes it is an enigma. Even insects wont cross the invisible barrier. Come Ill show you. Zafira stepped down from the treb and walked over to the line. Rica followed. Zafira stepped over the line and looked up at Rica. 
It feels different on this side. Zafira said. 
Rica straddled the line one foot on each side. A tingling started in the foot on the living side, the other felt like it was pulling her somehow. Some force within her pushed the feeling away. Rica knelt down and put a hand on either side. The opposing feelings increased almost taking her breath away. Rica swayed loosing her balance for a moment. Warring forces of energy surrounded her from within and without. Dizzy, she shook her head, a welling of heat started in her chest and rapidly traveled down the arm to the hand on the dead side. Rica took a deep breath and stood up. She needed to get away from the discomfort. Zafira gasped. Rica looked at her. Zafira was staring at the ground where Rica had knelt, her eyes wide, and ears flat tight to her head, she took a step back. 
Rica looked at the ground and stared in disbelief. A line had formed around where her hand had been as though drawn there. The ground inside the outline was changing, glowing. When it stopped the dirt no longer looked dry and dead but darker and healthier like a good loam. 
Whoa! Rica exclaimed. Had she somehow done that?
Zafira was looking at Rica in astonishment, You  What did you do? she stammered. 
I dont know. I felt dizzy and fell forward then I felt sort of hot. I didnt do anything. Rica had a fluttery feeling in her stomach almost like stage freight. The hair on the back of her neck stood on end and the air around her crackled with electricity, Rica stepped back hurriedly, lightning crackled in a ball and ached down in a tiny streak hitting where she had just been. A white light burst all around her. Warring forces of energy converged around her. Rica felt safe suddenly. The glow of the light sizzled across her arms and all her hair stood on end then fell normally as though nothing had happened. Jim ran across the ground from the treb where he had been asleep and ran up to sit on Ricas shoulder clinging to her. Rica pet his soft fur absently. 
Wow what was that? Some kind of static electricity or something? Rica felt wonderful but lightheaded as though at that moment she could do anything. 
I dont know, I have never seen anything like it. Zafira said staring at Rica. 
Zos ran up to them worry and apprehension on his face, are you all right? 
Melnone was slower to come up. Keeping his distance. Nottia looked around at the phenomenon on the ground. She looked back at Rica. They all seemed astonished at what had happened. A sinking feeling formed in the pit of her stomach. Anger washed over her from somewhere near. Rica pushed the feeling away and it went. 
It seems to be spreading, look at the edges they arent clear but blurred now. Zos and Zafira looked at where Nottia pointed. Melnone stood back looking at Rica with his eyes narrowed. 
Wouldnt it be cool if it kept spreading and the wastes stopped being the wastes? Energy wrapped itself around her like a blanket pushing everything else away except her own excitement. Rica didnt notice Melnone standing slightly apart. She walked over to the handprint it was blurred now. Slowly spreading out the glow still present along the edges she watched as the glow slowly died until it went out all together. With the glows end the spread of the healed ground stopped also. Disappointment flooded her from a little distance away. Rica stepped back. 
We need to report this to the magi who are looking into the wastes. Zos said. His voice sounded excited as though Ricas enthusiasm had rubbed off on him too. 
No. I dont think we should do that! Zafira and Nottia said in unison. 
Why not? Rica could not understand why they wouldnt want to tell everyone. She still felt elated and bursting with energy. 
This is too close to our families ancestral affinity caves. They must not be revealed to the rest of the mage community. Its our sacred trust to keep them safe. 
Yet you brought a complete stranger there. And a human at that. Melnone spoke his voice cutting as though he were angry. The source of the anger was clear now and growing. Something within Rica was reacting to the anger in Mel. She could feel it build inside of her. A dampening energy snaked out of Rica in invisible waves to quell the dark emotion from Mel. Rica swayed. What was happening to her? She could feel the pull of it as the wave slowly moved out. 
Mel? Nottia gasped at what Melnone had said, her ears flat, and her eyes wide, her pupils black circles instead of the normal cat like slits. 
If these caves are so sacred how could a mere human have been able to enter them? Mel growled. 
I dont know Melnone. But I do know this. We will keep this between us. It is our families legacy and what happened here we will discuss with our mother and no one else. Zafira spoke with more than a little force. Melnone looked her in the eyes his stance tense. 
Mel? Zos said uneasily. Let it be. Zafira knows more then we do about these things. Rica could feel the wave that had pushed out from her grow to slowly encompass Melnone. 
Melnone swayed as the wave hit him then shrugged and smiled, Sure. I just think this is too big to keep from the magi. He turned and walked away to tend to his Yemis. Zos looked after him uneasily. Rica shook her head. Had she imagined the wave? Had something inside of her done that? The others were focused on Mel and didnt notice Ricas paleness or her dizziness. Taking a deep breath to clear her head Rica regained her control. 
Ill talk to him Zaf. He wont tell anyone. Ill make sure of it. Zos followed Mel. 
Did I cause a problem? I didnt intend too. Rica had felt a hint of mistrust and more then a hint of anger from Melnone. What had she done to cause those feelings? How had she stopped them?
No, you didnt cause this. Melnone has always been like that. Dont concern yourself about it. Nottia said not looking at her. Rica felt uneasy. 
Lets go get the animals taken care of and have something to eat. We need to get to camp before the sun sets we dont have lights on that treb. Zafira said and walked determinedly toward the treb. She busied herself with feeding the rakos in the cages and making what looked a lot like a sandwich wrap for everyone. Nottia went and talked with Melnone and Zos as they brushed the two Yemis. 
After the meal they headed back on the path. The silence felt heavy all around Rica. Everyone seemed to be wrapped up in his or her own thoughts. 
So Rica looked around her with feigned interest at the strange trees growing in the forest they entered, while trying not to look at anyone, soon her interest was genuine. Some trees had large vibrant leaves in pinks and lavenders; they seemed to be paper-thin. The bark of the trees was a dark blue almost black. Other trees looked like giant dark green umbrellas that were closed or partially open. 
Those are beautiful trees over there, the blue ones. Rica pointed, Ive never seen anything like them. she said having been caught up in the scene around her and forgetting the earlier tension from Melnone. It was better to forgive and forget. Anyway she reasoned she would be gone soon and none of it would matter. 
Those are vallik trees. You should see them in the spring. The flowers are pretty. All in white and pink. Nottia seemed relieved to be talking to her again as though nothing had happened. 
The wood of those trees is highly sought after; but almost impossible to get. Only a dense sharp blade can even make a dent in them. Rica was reminded of Ironwood from Earth when Zafira told her that. They talked about the plants along the way and time didnt feel so oppressive. 
The sun was slow in its descent toward the horizon. When they turned onto a more traveled road the forest took on a park like feel and soon Zos turned into a campground. It looked like the camp had been used before; it had firewood and a cleared spot all ready for them to put their tents. It didnt take long to set up camp. Rica would share a tent with Zafira and Nottia. Zosimo, Zafiras brother, made a campfire and they told stories around it while they cooked something to eat and relaxed. 
Rica had mixed emotions about her situation, she was anxious to find a way home, but fascinated by the world she was on. Rica had come to a decision that this was not a dream or coma hallucination. This was real. Thats what scarred her the most; she was on another world. The initial panic she had felt when she had first realized it was true and not some delusion had lessened but was there in the background of her consciousness waiting to jump back to the fore and paralyze her with the enormity of it all. She had to get control of this emotion or it would rule her. Adrenaline was fine if you needed to run but it was not something a person could or should maintain at fever pitch for long. Rica didnt think it would be helpful to finding a way home to be constantly freaking out over every new set back. So she took a deep breath vowing in her heart to work on finding a way to get home but not loose her mind doing it. She needed to be strong. She told herself You need to stand up bravely and face what ever this world throws at you and dont freak out about it. Rica shook her head. This was a interesting world, and the people who had befriended her were fascinating. She had to keep it together, but that didnt mean she couldnt have a little fun while looking for a way back. Might as well enjoy what you can, while you can. The thought of home was an ache in her heart but she knew she would find a way to get back or a reason why she couldnt. 
It would take awhile to get used to her new friends appearance. These people had a strong feline appearance with lynx like ears and cat like eyes and they had retractable claws instead of fingernails. Every time she looked at them she was startled by their otherness. 
They were fun companions though. Zosimo and Melnone fed and watered the Yemis and then went to practice their marital arts as the sun set. The two men were pretty good with the staffs they had brought along and practiced as the day started to end. The sun shown through the branches of the trees making the shadows long and dappled with light, it was pretty in the area they were in. The crack of the staffs hitting as they two men practiced echoed back to them from the hills. The suns light gave the two a picture like quality that was mesmerizing to watch as they sparred. They seemed to be well matched. Melnone was tall and well muscled where Zosimo was thin and fast. Melnone had a tawny mane of hair that fell to his shoulders and he had his shirt off revealing the light brown and gold stripes along his back and chest the stripes faded a little as they continued down his arms and up to his face. The men worked up a sweat and soon Melnones blocks and strikes began to slow and his breathing became shallow. It wasnt long before Zosimo had Melnone on his back in the dirt with his staff at his throat. Melnone lay on the ground panting. Zosimo grinned and held his hand out to help him up. 
Good match Mel. Zos said as he pulled Mel off the ground. 
Yes. It was a good work out. Im so out of practice its shameful. 
Come to the studio with me next week we will work on your form. Zos offered. 
I wish I could Zos. But I have to finish up my tests at the Academy and start my new position with Dads Company. Which reminds me I have to write that report Dad asked for or he will never trust me to assess the route again. 
Alright Mel. I thought you finished that at the affinity camp. 
No, I finished my Applications Tests to the red affinity instructor in Jamara. I had to redo some of my lessons before he would sign off on my Certification. He couldnt read my writing apparently. Mel sighed. He picked up his shirt and slipped it over his head then walked over to the treb with his practice gear to stow it. He hadnt said much of anything to Rica since they were introduced. He mostly listened to every one and barely spoke. Zafira had mentioned in passing that he was a watcher not a speaker. He always seemed so distant and focused on his own thoughts. Mel went into the tent he and Zos shared coming back out with a tablet in his hand. He walked over to a large rock near the fire and sat down, his attention on the tablet. Rica watched Zos pick up his staffs and start toward the treb. 
Can I try? Rica asked. 
Sure. Zos threw Rica a staff. She caught it and held it in both hands. The wood hit with a force that made her palms sting. 
Zos led the way to the clearing that he and Melnone had used to practice in. Zafira and Nottia sat on a fallen tree watching Ricas impromptu lesson. Jim scurried over to set on the tree trunk watching with anxious eyes. No one noticed him as he watched his little body tense, his eyes following Ricas every move. 
 Zos instructed her on how to hold the staff and how to block. He made slow strikes at her and she awkwardly blocked them. 
Good. Now lets try it a bit faster. You try to hit me and Ill block so you can see how its supposed to feel. 
Rica swung the staff like Zos had told her and hit at his head. Zos easily blocked it and swung his staff over making Ricas staff become pinned between his and the ground. 
Not bad. Try it a bit harder and this time stand like this when you strike so you wont be off balance. Zos demonstrated what he meant; his feet were shoulder width apart, his back straight, and his knees slightly bent. Rica tried it and hit harder, Zos easily blocked her but this time he spun around and hit Rica behind the knees making her sit abruptly on the ground. As Zos hit Rica, Jim streaked and launched himself at Zos. His little body flew through the air as he sprang his front paws out wide, his mouth open, teeth bared. Zos put his arm up and blocked him. Jims sharp little claws scratched his arm slightly. The rako ran to Rica and stood between Zos and her in a defensive stance that brought a laugh from Zafira. A high-pitched snarl came from Jims tense shaking body. Rica reached down and picked up the defending rako. Jim clung to Ricas hand, never taking his eyes from Zos. Rica pet him trying to calm him down. Feelings of anger washed over her in a wave that astonished her. She could feel what Jim felt! Rica took a breath and got control of the emotions coming to her. 
Careful Zos. Ricas rako will defend her to the death. Zafira joked. The others joined in at the jest. Zos frowned but then laughed shaking his head at the little animal. 
Sorry about Jim scratching you. I didnt know he would do that. Rica laughed as she stood up dusting her bottom off. Jim had moved up to her shoulder now and clung to her hair for balance. Rica scratched his chest and could feel him start to calm down. Relief came from her little friend as she stood and looked at Zos. 
Its ok. I think he was trying to protect you. Zos laughed and shook his head looking at the little rako and grinned. You have a fierce little friend! He stooped and picked up the staff Rica had dropped. You werent bad with the staff I think you just need practice. You are welcome to join me at the studio I work out at. Our instructor is good. She would get you in shape in no time at all. Rica nodded. 
That sounds like fun. I dont know if I will be here long. But if I am I will check it out. Rica said in a happy voice so Jim wouldnt react again. She had a sudden thought. Maybe Zos just wanted someone to go with him to his studio, first he had asked Mel now her. Was he lonely? Feelings of interest and friendship seemed to come to her when she was around him. 
I think it will take a while to find out how to get you back. I have never heard of any one coming through a portal from your world for as long as I remember. Zos said off hand. Zafira hit him on the shoulder. 
Zos!
Its true and you know it. If any one would know it would be mother, at least she could set you on the right path to find out. Rica went to bed thinking about what Zos had said. What if she was trapped here? Then what? 
 7 - Shani

The forest had gradually changed into plains as the treb slowly made its way down the road. This morning was much like the one before. Melnone was actively avoiding her now. What had she done to cause him to dislike her so much? Was it just because she was human? Could it be that simple? They had turned onto a wider road now but still there were no other trebs. Zafira was worried about it. 
This is a major flow way to north and south. There should be a lot of traffic on it. Zafira called to Zosimo. Zafira had said that same thing about five times now. 
Dont worry about it Zaf. Maybe its just to early or there is another problem up the way. I dont know why the flow way is empty. Zos was tired of saying it, Rica could tell, annoyance radiated from him. 
Is this road usually busy? Or flow way or what ever you call it? Rica had run out of things to say to distract her, maybe a more head on approach would work. 
Yes. This is a major trade route from Kahsha Nation to the Opia Pass. There should be traffic. Her tactic wasnt working, if anything Zafira was more worried now. Emotions were becoming hard to separate for Rica now. She couldnt stop feeling what everyone else was feeling. It was hard to concentrate. 
Maybe there was a flood. Do they close the road for that kind of thing? Rica asked. 
No, trebs would just float over the flood. The only reason to close it would be the boarder was closed. The boarder hasnt been closed for over a hundred years and then it was because of a fire in the mountain range. There is no smoke. Why would they close the boarder? Zafira was near panic. Rica hadnt known her long but she didnt think Zafira was the kind of person to panic easily. Ever since they had left the caves she had been jumpy. 
Do you have a phone or something? You could call someone to find out. The word phone did not get translated. Every time Rica tried to use a technical term or jargon here the word would not be translated. She was a little frustrated by that. 
Ph-lone? Nottia frowned. Annoyance was growing from her side of the treb now at an alarming rate. 
Never mind. Rica rubbed her temples. A real duesy of a headache had started and was getting worse. A phone is a device on my world that makes it possible to talk over great distances. Rica sighed. At this rate she would never get home. 
Oh! A communication device! Yes we have those. Except Zafira thought we shouldnt take them with us. Nottia glared at Zafira. It seemed every one was annoyed with her. 
We were going camping what would we need a Shalat for? The word Shalat did not get translated but Rica assumed it was like a phone. 
Well we could have called our parents and maybe the guardians about Rica! Annoyance was turning rapidly into full-blown anger now. Nottias claws were out, literally, her ears were flat and she was scowling. Rica didnt like setting between them at this moment. A now familiar tingling swirled within her as a wave built up and flowed out from her. When it hit the two women beside her, they calmed down. Static sparks danced across Ricas skin in a painful residual of the energy that had been generated. Rica felt bad about doing that, but try as she did she couldnt control the wave. She didnt even know how to start one if she wanted to, let alone stop one she had started. The painful whiplash from the wave was something Rica wanted to avoid. 
This is pretty country, the plains. Doesnt all that grass look like an ocean in the wind? The two women looked at her. Rica could feel them calm down even more. 
It is pretty. Nottia said turning to look out at the wind gently blowing the tall grass like plants making them bend and wave. The grass was a dark shade of orange. When Rica had first seen it she had been a little jarred by it. Now she could appreciate its beauty though orange wasnt her favorite color. 
We will join up with the Jamara flow way soon. We can stop at that little town at the cross flow. Zafira said still a little apprehensive. Even the wave had not stopped Zafiras anxiousness. They had been on the road two days now since the first camp and they had met no one else on the road. Maybe Zafira was right to feel panicky. Zosimo had said the first day on this road (flow way as the cats called it) that it was strange to not see traffic. He had said while they practiced the staff in the evening that it was usually packed with trevals. Trevals were trucks as far as Rica could determine. Zosimo was not the kind to stay worried for long. He just shrugged off what he couldnt change and continued on. 
When Zosimo finally stopped at the little town there were more people and other trebs about so Zafira seemed more at ease. There were no other humans though that Rica saw just cat people. Zosimo parked the treb and stayed with the Yemis as Zafira and Nottia went to get food and drink from a place there. They came back with two bags of sandwiches and some drinks for everyone. Zafira climbed into the treb and sat next to Rica again handing her a package and a drink. Rica had been eating the broth and bread at camp and dried fruit they had. It had taken a bit to get used to the difference in colors and textures. She found she like the little crackers that tasted like nuts and were slightly sweet. This was a new experience. Rica opened the package and sniffed the sandwich. It smelled ok sort of like fish. The meat was a dark brown color like a hamburger and had a dark green leafy thing on it. Rica took a bite yeah defiantly fishy. She swallowed and took a drink of the hot beverage they had brought her. It was bitter. Rica took the lid off and looked at it. It was dark purple. The fishy hamburger she could take but the purple drink was a little two bitter for her. She put the lid back on and sat it down. She would stick with water. 
You dont like the Atin? Nottia asked. 
The drink? Its a little bitter. Ill stick with the water. Thank you though. Rica said. 
Its an acquired taste. Ill drink it. Nottia smiled. 
Zosimo and Melnone fed and watered the Yemis and the rakos in the cages then they mounted back up and they were on the road again. Rica fed Jim some of her sandwich. He only seemed to like the bread and leaf parts. 
The road was empty of other traffic until they turned onto a main road. They crested the hill overlooking a valley with a huge lake. Rica could see sailboats out on the water and some other boats as well. Then a glitter of light caught her eye. Jamara was a large city on the north end of the lake and the sunlight shown on the buildings setting them to sparkling. Rica strained to see the city. She could make out four large square buildings that towered over all the rest, placed one in each quadrant. Then a rainbow of color glinted from the center of the city. A huge walled complex was in the center with ten tall towers surrounding a central building. The towers shown as though they were made of glass of every different color. As Rica looked at the rest of the city she saw many buildings had glittering crystal forms on the tops, in fantastic shapes of leafs, flowers, birds, and geometric shapes. Most of the buildings were round, domed buildings. As they got closer she could see the buildings were mostly domed with crystals in cage like things on the tops. The otherness of the city struck her, there was no smog, and everything was so clean and orderly. There was so much green and so much crystal everywhere. Rica sat silently looking at everything. 
A sudden jerk from the treb sent her forward in the seat. The Yemis Zos road was shying away from the traffic. Zos quickly got it under control again and back on the way. There were no other Yemis pulling trebs here. As Rica thought back she had seen no other Yemis anywhere pulling a treb. All the trebs and trevals on the road were speeding along on their own, self-propelled. The Yemis was still fighting Zos to get away from the speeding traffic. Melnone seemed to be having the same trouble with his Yemis as well. 
Lets take the river way Zos. Zafira call out. 
Was planning on it. Zos called back. He turned down the next road and soon they were paralleling a river that led into the city. Instead of heading toward the city like Rica thought he would go he guided the yemis away from it. The way they were on had little traffic and the Yemis settled down. Rica looked up ahead and could see they were coming to a quite little village now. There were people walking on the sidewalks and going about their everyday lives. There garb was colorful and reminded Rica of old pictures of Eastern dress from India. Rica looked at the domed buildings they passed and could see up close the fantastic crystal shapes on most of the roofs. It was beautiful. There were green growing things everywhere she looked. Trees, grass, it was incorporated into everything. 
The sound of a waterfall could be heard. Looking all around, Rica could not see any waterfall. Zos turned down another street and crossed a bridge the rushing sound was louder now. He turned a corner and there it was. The waterfall was cascading down a cliff about ten feet high into a pool of water surrounded by a park. Setting on top of the cliff was a three-story high dome house painted in light green with a series of green crystal leafs across its roof. Zos pulled to a stop at the bottom of the cliff near what looked like a three dome house with a large orange crystal triangle across its roofs. Each dome of the building was two stories high. Melnone got off his Yemis and tied it to the back of the treb. Then he pulled his gear out. 
 It was nice to meet you Rica. He said and then turned to walk to the house and went inside not waiting for her to answer. Rica didnt know how to react to that considering his attitude toward her on the trip. Zos noticed her look. 
Dont worry about Mel, he has always been shy. He doesnt talk much but he is a good person. Zos said. 
My brother can be rude sometimes but I dont think its intentional. He just gets focused on what he is doing and doesnt notice he is being rude. Nottia said. Her ears were back and she looked uncomfortable. Maybe Nottia was embarrassed by Melnones reactions to her. Rica thought they were all making excuses for his bad behavior. Unhappiness circled like a dark river waiting to drown the unwary. Rica shook the thought away. 
Its ok. Rica murmured. 
Rica looked around, anywhere but at Nottia and Zosimo since they seemed to be uncomfortable with the way Melnone had abruptly left the treb. Zos clicked to his Yemis and headed up the hill to the big green house on the cliff. Zosimo guided the treb into the driveway. They stopped in the yard and Zosimo jumped off his Yemis. He took the lizards to what looked like a big round barn. Nottia got out and transferred her stuff into a modern looking treb. 
It was nice to meet you Rica. I hope you find your way back home. Nottia said. Rica could feel the sincerity of her words and impulsively hugged her. Nottia was surprised but returned the hug. 
It was nice to meet you too Nottia. Thank you for all your help. 
Bye Zaf, See you later Rica. Zos said to Rica as he climbed into the drivers seat of the treb. Nottia got in the passenger side and they headed out of the driveway. 
The first part of the afternoon was spent unpacking the equipment and getting Rica settled into a guest bedroom. Rica took a shower and changed into the clean cloths Zafira loaned her. Zosimo left to take Nottia home and said he would be back later. 
The rest of the after noon they spent on the back patio with some kind of sweet red drinks Zafira poured into chilled glasses. Zafira talked about her mother and father and what they did for a living. Zafiras family was prominent in the community. Her mother was a Shaman (the closest the translation rune could come up with for what she did) and her father was a surgeon. They had a practice together in the town. Zafiras father did not have an affinity to any crystal so his skill was purely technical. More like the doctors of Earth Rica surmised. 
It was starting to get dark when they heard the door open and a womans voice call. 
Zafira are you home? 
Zafira stood to walk into the house. Rica followed. Zafiras mother was a slender charismatic person. She had tawny colored hair cut short around her face and emerald green eyes, Rica noticed her skin was lightly stripped in tan and gold markings giving her an even more cat like appearance than Zafira or Zosimo. Rica thought she was graceful and strikingly beautiful. Though the beauty was not just on the surface it radiated from her sprit. A feeling of trust and security wrapped around Rica when she drew near to Zafiras mother making her smile. 
Mother, we have a guest. Zosimo and I found her in the wastes near the affinity caves. We brought her here. Rica this is my mother Chaura Leanista. Mother this is Ulrica Simpson she says she is from Earth. Even though Chaura spoke calmly, Rica could feel alarm and intense interest coming from her. 
A pleasure to meet you Ulrica, from Earth you say? 
Yes, I fell into some kind of light thingy and ended up in the desert here. Rica didnt know how else to describe her fall into this world. She was distracted by the emotions swirling around her. It was hard to concentrate. 
Well it is a wonder you found Zafira. The wastes are deadly to all. I dont think I have ever heard of Earth. As Chaura spoke the words an alarm seemed to ring within Rica. Something was not as it seemed. Rica mentally shrugged, everyone was entitled to there own secrets. Can you tell me a little more about it? Come lets go sit and talk. With that she led Rica into a room that was lined with shelves holding crystal cubes and books. Rica told Chaura about Earth and about the hillside fight between the two men. When she told about the bracelet and not being able to get it off Chaura wanted to see it. Rica showed the bracelet to her. There was no seam, no way to get it off. 
This is a family crest around the jewel here. Chaura pointed to the delicate designs around the jewel. You say your parents gave it too you just before you fell though the portal? 
My father did yes. But they are not my birth parents they are my adoptive parents. I dont know if that makes a difference or not. 
Oh I think it does. These engravings are the writings of the Eastern and Southern Kingdoms. This bracelet is from this world. The truth of what this cat woman said emanated from her. Rica could feel she was telling her the truth, but she didnt want it to be true. She wanted to go home. 
No, that cant be right. I got it from my father on Earth. Rica was sure it was some kind of mistake. 
Well Im sure we will find out soon enough. Ill check the old histories and registers of crests from families in those areas. Lets not worry about it now. Lets go help Zafira make dinner. You go on ahead of me I need to speak with someone on the Shalat. Rica left the room to join Zafira in the kitchen. After a minute or two Chaura came into the room and started helping Zafira cut vegetables and cook dinner. Rica felt like she was in the way. The two women spoke about the camping trip and about Melnones abrupt departure. Chaura laughed. 
Melnone is a little shurick at times. She said. The translation rune had not translated the word and Rica frowned. Chaura noticed and tried to explain. 
He is not like other Kahshians he is intelligent but doesnt want to take the time to complete his studies to be acknowledged. Most Kahshians follow in their families business. He just wants to start working on his own projects. He is more interested in science then magic and has been his fathers worrisome child. Nottia may only have the yellow affinity but not enough to train more then the beginning studies, but she at least takes an interest in her fathers business. Melnone is gifted in the red affinity and his parents just dont know what to do with his lack of motivation. So he is touchy to everyone lately. Its not you Rica its a combination of his frustration with the system and his desire to be different. 
Its ok. He didnt hurt my feelings or anything. It must be hard for him to want to go against what is expected of him and still want to please his family. 
I suppose it is. Chaura said. 
Mother, something else happened on the way here. We were at the line and I dont know exactly what happened but when Rica touched the wastes it healed where she touched it. 
Healed? Tell me exactly what happened. Chauras interest was intense. Rica could feel her excitement. Zafira told her mother what had happened and then Chaura asked Rica questions about the experience. When Rica told her about the electricity and that she could feel what others felt and about the wave she seemed stunned. Zafira stared at her, which is exactly why she hadnt said anything about it to her. Rica was the alien on this world. 
This is serious. You were right to advise Melnone not to say anything. Ill make sure to talk to him myself. Chaura was worried and didnt mention anything about Ricas ability. 
I didnt mean to cause any trouble. Rica felt uncomfortable with all this attention. 
You have not caused any trouble Rica. I am worried however about the power within you. It has attuned with you, and by what you said it is not under your control. 
Fear clutched at Rica. This just kept getting better and better. If she could find a way out of this world it would be all right. Chaura seemed to read Ricas expression. 
This will not go away Rica. If you return home like this, without gaining control of this power, it could destroy you. You need to learn the basic control spells so it doesnt rule you. 
I  I dont know anything about this power or magic. I just want to go home. 
I know dear. We will find a way to get you there. The control spells wont take long to learn. This is important. Lets not talk about it now. There is time. No, Rica wanted to yell. There is no time. I just want to go home. But she didnt. Zafira changed the subject and the conversation turned to the dinner preparations and what to do with Melnone and his attitude. 
Talking with Zafiras mother and watching the two make dinner Rica felt homesick. She didnt want to get in the middle of what appeared to be some kind of family discussion on the fate of Melnone. Zafira got plates down from a cupboard and Rica took them to set the table in the Dinning Room. 
The furniture was highly padded and comfortable with high backs and wide seats. The table was a honey brown wood and oval shaped. Every bit of furniture in the house seemed to be designed to be inviting and comfortable yet it looked elegant at the same time, the cloth covering the pieces were richly colored in greens and yellows with intricate designs over every part and edged in gold. Rica was reminded of pictures she had seen of India and the grand palaces of the Maharaja. 
Dinner was interesting. There were little round purple things that tasted like tomatoes. There were red mashed potatoes tasting things but with a nutty after taste that was wonderful. The meat was weird. Rica thought it would taste more like beef when she put it in her mouth but it tasted like fish. She almost spit it out. Was this the same meat she had had on the sandwich on their way here? She controlled herself and forced herself to swallow. Rica didnt eat more of the fish stuff, not that she didnt like fish, but she liked her fish to look like fish. This world was strange and in many ways wonderful but scary too. Rica didnt talk much, missing her life at home, wishing she could be there now. 
Half way though dinner Zafiras father came home and dished up a plate, sat at the table and the conversation again changed to Rica and her adventure in the affinity caves. 
Who have we here? Zafiras father was tall with brown and tan stripes that were obvious. His hair and eyes were dark brown. He had kind eyes Rica thought and felt a pang of homesickness for her father. 
This is Ulrica Simpson, from Earth. Rica this is my father Tod Leanista. Zafira made the introductions. Rica started to stand to shake his hand but he didnt seem to know what to do with the hand that she held out. Rica sat back down embarrassed, but the feeling soon passed. Tod made her feel welcome in his home. 
Zafira told her father about how they had found Rica, about the crystals, the incident in the affinity chamber with Rica, and all that had happened there. Rica noticed she left out the part about the line and what had happened there. Her father was fascinated and seemed excited about it. He asked many questions. Rica reiterated she just wanted to find a way back home. Zafira told them she planned to take Rica to town to buy clothes and personal supplies the next day. They would stop by the Academy of the Arts in Jamara so she could sign up for her classes. 
I think Rica might want to go with you to talk to our friend Magi Locke or Magi Kohl. Tod suggested. 
Magi Kohl is a strictly by the rules sort of mage. I would be careful what you tell him. Though he might be of help getting some training. Chaura replied. Rica could feel her dislike. 
I dont need training. I just need to find a way back home. Rica blurted. 
I agree you need to find a way home. But the best way to do that would be to use a portal. To do that you would need a spell rune for your world or you would need to learn the appropriate spell. Magi Kohl could get you instruction in the use of the proper spell. It wouldnt hurt to learn a little about your affinities as well since you are there. To activate the spell you would need a working knowledge of how the magic of the portals works. 
I dont mean to offend but I just want to get home as soon as possible. I dont have time to learn magic and all that. Isnt there a way to just go to a portal thingy and just have them send me? 
I wish it was that simple. The portals are all failing. Only the most powerful portal magi can activate them these days, and if you dont know exactly where you are going you could end up on a hostile world. 
Rica was feeling overwhelmed with all this, after all she had fallen into this world couldnt she just fall back? She was frustrated and felt a little trapped. Maybe the only way was to learn this spell thing and be done with it. 
How long does it take to learn this spell thing? 
That depends on the student. That and they would have to identify the worlds portal coordinates. That might take time. Not all the worlds are listed at every portal station. The only portal station to list them all is in UPT, United Peoples of Trentwall. The Magi Portal Master there might know it or be able to find it for us. Chaura saw the look of overwhelming emotion on Ricas face and saw the tears form in her eyes. Dont give up Rica. I will search our records here. Your being able to enter our families affinity caves is unusual. Dont tell anyone about that by the way. Having an affinity to all the disciplines is beyond rare. There has only been one other in all history to have such a gift. Many Magi will have felt the release of power when the crystals accepted you. 
Dont frighten the girl Chaura. Magi Locke could talk to the Portal Master in UPT. We will find a way to help you Rica. Tod said. 
Did you feel it when I was in the affinity caves? All the way over here? 
Yes. I felt a shift in the power. And became dizzy. This can be dangerous. Chaura cautioned. Rica pushed the strange food around on her plate. 
All the more reason I should get home as soon as possible then. There is no magic on my world, I dont know anything about it and from what I have seen, Im not sure I want to learn it. Jim jumped up on the table and Rica grabbed him before he could get far, putting him on her lap. He seemed happy to sit there and curled up into a ball. 
It isnt going to be easy to get you back to the world you came from. I will help you all I can but it will take time with the boarder closed to the Opia nation. Chaura said. 
I was so worried on the way back. There was no traffic on the flow-way. Zafira recalled. 
The Opia are citing some kind of treaty violation regarding transport of livestock over their pass or some such. Its all a big mess. Im sure it will be resolved soon enough. Tod replied. 
Rica half-heartedly stabbed a piece of the purple things and pushed the fish with it. She looked around the table and then met Chauras eyes. 
How much time will it take to get me out of here? She didnt want to seem ungrateful but she needed to get home. She just wanted to go to the nearest portal and go home, how hard could it be?
Chaura reached out and put her hand over Ricas squeezing her hand gently. Rica, I dont know how long it will take. Ill start tomorrow. While I find out you need to be careful. Not all Magi are good people. Some will want to use you to their own ends. So it is wise not to let them know it was you who was the source of the surge in power. I dont want you to think you have to hide. Just be careful who you tell about your gifts. 
Rica felt a surge of fear at Chauras words. Now more then ever she just wanted to get off this world and home where she would be safe from all this madness. 
We will find a way to help you Rica. Dont worry. I tried to call the Portal Center in Jamara after our talk this afternoon. But no one was answering the shalat. Ill contact them tomorrow and find out discreetly if the portals have been active recently. 
After dinner they washed the dishes. Zafira spoke about the herb prospects Zos had found along the way and her affinities to the blue and green crystals. Her parents were pleased that Zafira had two affinities. Their pleased pride sparkled around them like a cloud. Chaura was talking to Tod about all the harvesting that they needed to do soon. Rica got an idea while the conversation buzzed around her and decided to broach the subject with them. Rica was desperate to get home but she knew she had to get her mind off her predicament. The best way she knew to do that was to keep busy. 
You know I appreciate everything you are doing for me. I dont know how long I will be here, or how much it will cost to get home. So I want to help out in some way to pay you back. At home I worked at the food bank once a week and helped my mom with secretarial stuff for her medical practice. Maybe I could do something like that here. Im a fast learner. Rica didnt like staying with people and not helping out somehow; she had been brought up to contribute. 
That sounds like an excellent idea. We have a lot of seasonal work to do around here. Maybe you could help Zafira with the herb harvest and in preparing them to be dried. We keep a small herb garden here in Shani for our own use. It would be a big help to have extra hands. Chaura said. 
Thanks that makes me feel better knowing Im helping and not just sitting around. Rica was relieved that she would have something to do any thing to keep her mind off crazy mages or people trying to find her because of some weird accident in a cave. How had she gotten in this mess? What had that man thrown on the ground in front of her that had sent her here? Had it been one of those spell runes? Rica petted Jim who was curled up in her lap; his warm soft fur helped to reassure her. 

 8  Part of the Family

Rica woke with Jim on her chest licking her chin and chattering at her. Rica felt a wave of hunger from him and something else she couldnt name. Rica picked Jim up, petted him, and then set him on the bed as she rolled over to get up. Dawn was only just breaking outside. Jim was an early riser it seemed. 
Jim I need more sleep. Rica yawned. Jim jumped to her shoulder and wrapped his tail around her neck putting one hand like paw on her ear for balance. A wave of hunger washed over her again. 
Ok, Ok, Ill see what I can find for you to eat. Rica pulled a robe on and yawned again almost knocking Jim off to which he scolded her loudly. 
SHHH, We have to be quiet or we will wake everyone else up. Rica whispered to him. Jim held onto her hair now and rubbed his face against her cheek as though to say sorry. Warm feelings wrapped her in contentment with a hint of gnawing hunger at its edges as though Jim was happy she was up, but please hurry Im famished. Rica scratched his chin affectionately and walked to the door and looked out. Everyone else must still be sound asleep. Rica walked as quiet as she could down the stairs and into the kitchen. She looked into a cabinet the door creaking a little. There was a loaf of bread and a couple of sacks of dried grain or vegetables in bins. Rica opened one of the sacks and ended up spilling some of the contents on the counter. Jim jumped down onto the counter and sat on his haunches as he stuffed the spilled grains into his mouth. 
Well that works. I spill it, you clean it up. Rica laughed. Were a team. 
Rica opened what she thought of as a fridge, it looked a little like a fridge from home if you used your imagination. It was tall and had glass doors so that you could see the contents without opening it. There were some fruits inside in a drawer in the bottom. Rica opened the door and got one of the dark purple fruits out, it was the size of a softball and slightly oval shaped. It looked a lot like an eggplant but when she took a bite, it was juicy and good, sort of like a peach. Rica bit apiece off and gave it to Jim who took it and started eating, making little contented noises. Rica smiled at him. When Jim was finished he hopped off the counter to the floor and ran to the door. He stopped and looked at Rica, again she felt that unnamed desire and a feeling of desperate yearning wash over her. 
OH! You need to go to the bathroom! Ok hold on. Rica walked over and opened the door so Jim could run out. He made a run for the flowerbeds and disappeared into the foliage. 
Mom wont be happy if he eats her flowers. Rica jumped her heart pounding. 
Zafira, You startled me! Rica turned and looked at Zafira. Sorry we woke you up. Jim got hungry and needed to go out, you know to use the bathroom. Ricas heart raced at the sudden appearance of Zafira. Amusement sparkled around Zafira like lights of feeling. Rica was fascinated at the display. 
Its ok. Want some breakfast? We could get an early start on the herb garden today. 
I had a piece of fruit. But I am still a little hungry. Ill help you. Rica was getting used to feeling what others felt. The realization surprised her. Yes it is getting easier to cope with this magic stuff. 
They went into the kitchen and Rica helped her make breakfast, which consisted of bread with some kind of preserves spread on it. Zafira poured a glass of green milky stuff that Rica decided to pass on. Sometimes the colors of the foods would totally turn her stomach then she would taste it and it would be wonderful. But today Rica did not feel adventurous. 
When they were finished with the morning routine they went out to the yard. The garden was no small thing and as the day drew on it seemed to get bigger. Though it was not because of any magic just tired achy muscles. There was more to do then could be done in a day. Zafira taught Rica how to use the curved knife to cut the plants and then tie them into clumps of no more than three or four to a bunch. When they had a stack of them in their baskets they would walk into the drying shed to hang them onto racks. The shed was long and had good air circulation. 
They will dry fast in here. Lets take a break for lunch I think Mom wanted to talk to you about the affinities and where you came from. 
Ok. Im worn out anyway. I could use a break. 
There is a lot more to do. But we can take it slower since you are new at this. 
Thanks. Do we have to finish all of this today? Rica and Zafira walked down the path from the garden toward the house. The days seemed to be longer on this world and Rica found she was looking forward to stopping for the day. Jim ran from the field and jumped onto Ricas shoulder scolding her as if she had abandoned him and he had just found her again. 
That rako likes you. I have never seen one be so friendly with us before. 
He is so cute! I have never had any pets before. I can feel what he wants sometimes like he is talking to me and I just know. I named him Jim. Rica reached up and petted him. He rubbed his face on her cheek and cooed. 
They had walked up to the door and Zafiras mom called out from the side of the house. 
Over here girls. Zafira and Rica walked over and found her tending her flowers. Some of them had been dug up and chewed on. 
Oh oh. Zafira chuckled. 
Did Jim do that? was she in trouble already?
It looks that way. Zafiras mom frowned slightly then smiled. Its ok. These needed to be dug up for fall anyway. They were starting to fade. She stood up and took her gloves off dropping them into a basket she had on the ground. 
Lets go get cleaned up and head into town to get something to eat and do some shopping for Rica. Those cloths Zafira gave you are just not fitting you right. 
I feel like Im always taking and not giving anything back. 
Stop right there. She looked at Rica sternly. You are helping and you need help to find your way back home. Its the least we could do. What if it was our daughter on your world? I would like to think someone would take her in and help her the same way we are helping you. Now no more of this feeling like you are imposing. You are not. 
Ok. Rica said flushing red. Light skin could be a pain sometimes. Everyone always knew when she was embarrassed; you could see her blush for quite a ways. Her dad used to tease her she was his beacon on a foggy night you just needed to embarrass her. 
Rica put Jim on the grass outside and went in telling him to stay out side. Jim ran off to the nearest tree and climbed up into the top to sit and chatter at her. Rica ignored him. She went up and took a shower and put some fresh cloths on. 
Rica went down stairs and found Zafiras mom sitting at the dinning room table looking through an old book. Chaura looked up when Rica entered the room. 
Come sit with me a moment. Zafira will be a bit. She likes to take her time. She patted a chair next to her. Rica sat down and looked at the book on the table, it was written in some kind of hieroglyphics with pictures of what looked like the cave Zafira had taken her to. 
The cave where Zafira took me when I passed out on the trail. Rica said. 
Yes. These caves are special not just to our family but to all Magi on this world and on some others as well. The crystals are the largest natural crystals ever found on this planet. There are some larger at the Academy but those were grown to that size with the use of magic. Some believe these crystals are tied to the fabric of this world. Our family were the ones who found the cave thousands of years ago and have kept it since. There are strong protective runes active to this day barring entry to all but our family. Yet they did not react to you when Zafira brought you into the cave. It is a puzzle. 
I was unconscious. I dont know. 
Zafira does not know of the runes and their nature. They would only have prevented you from entering. They would not have harmed you. Only a master Shaman of our family would know of it. 
You are a Shaman then. Is that a religious title or something? 
You ask good questions Rica. No it is not a religious title it refers to a deeper affinity with the caves not just the crystals in the caves. 
What does it mean then? That the crystals in your affinity caves reacted to me? 
Im not sure. I will have to do a vision trance to try to find out. One thing is sure you are special. You are not of our race. Yet the crystals accepted you. 
Why does it matter that I am not a cat person? 
Each race has their own affinity cavern that only responds to that race. You are not Kahshian. That is what is so puzzling? Chaura shook her head. I have to look deeper into this. I had a dream last night. Darkness engulfed the world and you were standing with a light in your hand. You are special in ways I cannot name. Because of the dream I will not speak to anyone else about the caves and you. I advise you to keep quiet as well. If any ask where you got the crystals tell them you went to an affinity cavern. They will think it was one closer to Jamara. Knowledge is power and you dont want anyone to have power over you. Zafiras vision with my dream makes me sure you should be careful what you tell people about your experience. 
Im ready to go mom. Zafira said cheerfully as she walked into the room. 
We are ready too. You two go ahead and get in the treb Ill be along after I put this up. She stood and closed the book carefully, picking it up and walking out of the room. 
Rica followed Zafira out to the treb. It was a modern shinny green one with four doors. Rica climbed into the backseat and sat looking at the interior. It was nice. The controls were a lot like a car with buttons and levers but used a joystick like control instead of a wheel. 
What was my mom talking to you about? Zafira asked. 
About the caves and the affinities. She doesnt want me to tell anyone where it happened. She said she had a dream about me. 
My mom had a dream about you? Zafira was alert and looked at Rica with her eyes round and her ears pricked forward. 
Yeah. 
I had a vision of you in the caves as well. Maybe she is right. We wont tell any one where this happened. It could be important. 
Zafiras mom opened the drivers door and got in. You two look like you have seen a spirit. Everything alright? 
You had a dream about Rica? 
Yes I did and it echoed your vision of her. Those caves are special in ways even our family does not understand completely. 
All right mother. 
Ok um. Mrs. -- I dont know your last name. Rica stammered. 
Leanista is our last name but you may call me Chaura She smiled warmly at Rica. Rica felt at ease with her and relaxed. The rest of the day was spent in stopping for lunch in Shani and shopping at various clothing stores.

 9 - Finishing the Garden

The new cloths she had bought the day before were folded and put away in the drawers built into the closet. Rica opened them and looked at the colorful garments. These cat people sure liked color. Rica had tried to find something that wasnt too colorful but it had been hard to do. Rica picked out on the new outfits Chaura had bought for her. The fabric was soft and the fit comfortable. To ware new clean cloths that actually fit was a wonderfully luxurious feeling. This outfit was warm browns and dark greens with streaks of orange and black. The pattern looked like fall leafs. All the cat cloths were colorful, but Rica had managed to find pants that were solid colors. She slipped dark brown slacks on. She looked in the full-length mirror and admired the ensemble. The colors complemented her completion and hair. She looked good even if she sort of looked like a fall postcard. Rica smiled at the thought. 
Rica went down stairs and walked into the kitchen just as Chaura was putting the eggs she had poached onto a plate with the meat. She looked up at Rica and smiled. 
Good morning! Rica said smiling. 
Yes I think it will be. Chaura said. Puzzlement radiated from Chaura. She glanced at Rica oddly. 
Where I come from its sort of a greeting like hello to say good morning or good night. But I think it will be. A good morning I mean. Rica stammered. Rica felt her face heat at her awkwardness. But the feeling passed as she felt Chauras happiness. 
Its a wonderful greeting! Your world must be full of pleasant people. 
Well um sometimes yes and sometimes no. Any way that smells good. Can I help with anything? 
No I think we have it. Just have a seat and enjoy the breakfast. She nodded toward the kitchen table where Zafira and Tod her husband were seated already. Tod was reading from a flat thin device. 
Morning everyone. Rica said as she sat at the table. 
Yes. Tod said absently. 
Thats a greeting where Rica comes from. I think its nice. Chaura said as she put the plate of food on the table and took a seat. 
Morning then Rica! Tod said. Rica could feel his sudden interest at a reference to her home customs. What are you two doing today? 
We are about half way finished with the garden harvest so we will try to get it finished. Unless mom has something else she needs us to do? Zafira replied. 
No not today. But tomorrow I will need you to work out at the new herbalist shop we opened on Forest Flow-way. Two of the new hires have been unreliable in showing up so we have to replace them. I could use your help. We have that new stock of Feather Plant smudges to put out. And Im expecting a shipment from the Eastern Alliance herb growers at the plant and cant be there to over see. 
Sure, I wanted to visit Nottia anyway and thats not far from there. Rica needs to get some jewelry findings to make the Crystal Affinity necklace and I wanted to go to that new club Nottias been telling me about. We could stop by after work. It would be fun. Excitement burst out from Zafira at the prospect. Rica was starting to feel confusion over all the feelings around her and tried to block them or tone them down so she could function. Warmth suddenly started to form between her eyes and it became uncomfortably hot quickly. Rica pictured a cool steam in her mind. Slowly the pain and heat faded and she felt moisture all over her body. He cloths were wet now. Great! Rica tried to focus on what everyone was doing. Her experiment with visualization pushed to the back of her mind. 
That sounds good dear. Chaura said. Curiosity spiked from Chaura. 
I dont want you girls staying out to late though. Tod said. He looked over at Rica and his ears pricked forward then one ear flicked back as though he didnt like something. He looked over at Zafira. 
Oh that reminds me. The secretary for the admissions Dean called. Your appointment has been changed to two weeks from now. Apparently they had more appointments then she had thought and had to move yours. I told her it was no trouble. 
Oh I forgot to feed Jim! Rica said remembering the little furry friend she had made. Any excuse would do to get away from the table and not draw any more attention to her wet cloths. 
No Jim has been taken care off. Chaura laughed. Then looked at Rica, noticing her wet cloths. Rica flushed. Concentrate on the conversation, maybe they wont notice that your hair is now dripping wet. 
What do you mean? Rica said a little animatedly. 
I set out a dish of vegetables and grains for him last night and this morning. He actually brought a friend with him. Chauras eyes sparkled in merriment, and then shook her head. 
Friend? Rica didnt know of any friend she could mean. I wish I were dry! She shouted in her mind. 
He has a new mate it seems. A little shy female rako was with him this morning. Chaura was watching her with interest. Great!
Oh. Rica could feel her skin warm. Steam rose from her cloths. Will this never end? I have become a weird freak! Everyone will notice. 
Not to worry they will probably take off into the fields and live their lives away from us. I was expecting it. He has stayed around a lot longer then I had thought he would. Chaura smiled pointedly ignoring Ricas now steaming cloths and hair. Tod and Zafira were staring at their plates. Zafiras mouth twitched as though she were trying not to smile or laugh. 
That rako is attached to Rica. He even tried to protect her when we were on the way back from the caves. Zos was showing Rica how to use a staff. Zafira looked up at Rica and stifled a giggle. Rica sighed. 
That is unusual. Chaura nodded. But not one of them commented on Ricas strange changes. These were nice people. Rica was thankful they didnt say anything about the clothing fiasco. Rica fervently vowed not to bring it up!
Breakfast ended and dishes were done. Tod and Chaura went off to work and Zafira and Rica went out to work on the rest of the garden harvest and clean up. It was hard work and soon they were hanging the last bundle in the drying shed the morning dampness forgotten. 
We need to plant these Flit bushes to keep bugs out of the garden. Its a new thing my mom wants to try. They are vicious plants but other gardeners in the north seem to vouch for them. Its better than spraying harmful chemicals. Zafira was all business. 
Ok, just show me what to do and we will get it done. Rica was tired but interested in these Flit bushes. Like everything else on this world it was new to her. The bushes were small gray green wiry plants with white leaves and bulbous pods on long wiry stems. Zafira picked up two pairs of thick gloves, handing one pair to Rica. 
You need to be careful not to let the pods close on your bare fingers, they can do serious damage. Its how they capture and eat the bugs. Fear surrounded Zafira like a cloud. The feeling was cloying and dark. 
Can they do that much damage? Rica had seen Venus flytraps on Earth and didnt think any plant could be that dangerous. These bushes were small and didnt look like they could do any real harm at all to a human, but Zafira demonstrated with some dead bugs she had in a jar for the purpose of feeding the plants. The bulbous things opened and stuck fast closing over the bugs and tearing them apart in a sickening crunch. How utterly disgusting! Yuck!
Wow they are vicious. Where did you get these? These things were little monsters. It reminded her of a movie she and Natalie had seen once. Rica suppressed the urge to giggle. Now every time she looked at these little plant carnivores she heard feed me Seymour in her head! Wow! Zafira was telling her something better pay attention. 
. have them for big gardeners and farms. We always try to find methods of controlling pests without the use of harmful chemicals. In the last war between the mage factions the Northern Mages developed a form of these plants into trees that they planted along their boarders to keep unwanted people out. Those trees are outlawed in all but the Northern Nation of Semlor. Zafira was always so serious!
The last war? 
Well the last devastation war anyway. It was fought about a thousand years ago. Its what made the wastes we found you in. The mages used terrible weapons rendering the lands barren to this day. Rica remembered the pull and tug at the line. Something was still active in the wastes. 
They spent the remainder of the day planting the Flit bushes around the perimeter of the garden so they would be established for the next growing season. It was almost dark when they put away the tools and walked up the path to the house. Jim was by the front door waiting for her. He jumped to her shoulder and rubbed his face on her cheek then jumped back down to scurry across the yard to a big evergreen tree near the road. Rica could see his new mate in the branches watching. Rica put out food for them and then went in and washed up for dinner. 

10 - The Herbalist Shop

Dark clouds had overtaken the sky; the smell of rain perfumed the air. Today would be a new adventure on this world. Excitement swirled within her as she looked out the window. The dismal day could not dampen her mood as Rica dressed in her jeans and new green sweater. She didnt know exactly what she would be doing at the shop so she wanted to dress flexibly. The prospect of new experiences and new people to meet filled her with anticipation. To top it off she would try to go without the translation rune today. Just in case she tucked it in her pocket. After breakfast Zafira and Rica headed out in Zafiras blue treb toward Jamara. It was still early and not a lot of traffic on the roads. They got into the outskirts of Jamara with no hold up at all. 
Zafira pulled around to the back of the shop and parked in an employee parking lot. She opened the back door with the secure crystal slipping it into the slot Rica heard an audible click. Zafira opened the door and turned on the lights. The back room of the shop was crowded with boxes. Rica was glad she had worn jeans they had a lot of work to do today! They turned the lights on in the front of the shop but didnt open for business yet. There were boxes of half unloaded supplies everywhere. 
What a mess. Zafira groaned. Dismay and worry sparked around her in a distracting display of purple and red. Rica looked at the door so she couldnt see the swirl of color and to partially dispel the feelings from Zafira. This affinity thing could be a pain sometimes. Dismay seemed to make her feel nauseous, anger made her feel as though millions of tiny red hot needles were being stuck into her body all over, sadness from others made her want to hide under any available dark object. It was just crazy. But she was starting to get a little control over the worst of it. As long as she looked away and focused on an inanimate object she could handle it. The colors and feelings would wash around her like a river around a big rock. If she looked at it the chaos would try to join with her as though she were a big sponge and had to absorb it all. 
Zafira organized the boxes into groups according to where they had been shipped from and got the manifests out and started checking everything off. It was after ten oclock by Ricas wristwatch when she had enough finished to open the front door. Rica didnt know how they kept time here or if it was twenty-four hours in a day like back home but she didnt care. Her watch was what she used to organize her day and she was going to keep it. 
When lunch time came and went and still no pause in the customers coming in to get their salves, elixirs, and whatnot, Zafira told the last customer in line they were closing for lunch and to please bring their purchases to the counter. After the last customer had checked out she locked the door putting the closed sign up. 
Whew. I can see why mom needed help. Worry hovered about her. 
This is a mess. What happened to the people she had working here? Saying the words instead of letting the rune translate them sounded strange. She spoke with an accent and sometimes had to repeat what she said. She couldnt help feeling proud to have learned this alien language even if the rune had done most of the work. Now she just needed to learn to read it. 
I dont know. They didnt call to quit or leave a note or anything. They just didnt show up anymore. Mom tried calling but got no answer. Its sort of strange, they had good references. The worry was pulsing around her now. Rica felt sick to her stomach. 
I think its weird. Two people who didnt know each other just disappearing like that. 
They were a husband and wife team. So they did know each other. I was thinking of driving by their house after work to see if they are all right. They were older people. 
Thats a good idea. 
Lets go across the street and get something to eat Im starved. Ricas stomach seemed to do a flip flop at the mention of food. When they stepped outside She took a deep breath and looked at the trees and flowers lining the street. It seemed to calm her stomach. Was it the deep breath or the focus on the greenery that had done the trick? More experimentation was necessary to know for sure, but her nausea had disappeared. 
There was a fast food place across the street. Rica was still timid about some of the food but trusted Zafira to order for her, Rica had a sandwich and a drink. After they ate they went to the jewelry shop and got the findings for Rica to make her crystal necklace with. They were little silver cages for each crystal with a clip at the top to be put on a chain. Rica got a silver chain as well. Zafira showed her how to put the crystals in the cages. She clipped the little cages to the chain, spacing them out so they looked nice then fastened the chain around her neck. Warmth flowed over her. She felt complete somehow. When she looked up at Zafira, she could tell the worry was still there but Rica didnt feel the nausea, just a since of what the emotion was Zafira was feeling! Rica touched the necklace, her new treasure. 
The day went on and when it was time to close the shop for the night Rica was worn out. They climbed into the treb after locking up and Zafira drove past the old couples house but it was dark. They didnt stop to ask the neighbors if they had seen them or not. The whole street looked deserted. Rica had a bad feeling about the whole thing. 
Maybe we should call the police. Rica suggested. 
Police? What is that? Zafira asked puzzled. 
I keep forgetting you arent from my world. Sorry. The police are people on my world who enforce the laws. They also help find missing people. Zafira looked confused and asked her to repeat what she had said. She repeated it to no success, trying different ways to say things, but not having the vocabulary to say it so Zafira understood. Rica sighed and put the translation rune back on, her head felt as though it were being hammered as the rune took effect. Rica took a deep breath and said it again. When she finished she pulled the rune off as though it had burned her and put it back in her pocket. She had to get this language learned! To top it off Zafira had watched this whole thing. But she didnt smile or say anything about the dramatics with the rune. 
Ah the Guardians are what we call them! Thats not a bad idea. We can call from Nottias house. 
When they got to Nottias house Zafira made the call but the Guardians were not much help. When the two officers came to the door, Rica could feel their caution and alert tension. It was like a bright wall of light around them changing color with their thoughts. After Zafira explained her concern they told her they would check into it and took down her number. Barely contained alarm radiated from the two guardians. But their faces didnt show their concern. They were putting on a mask of calm. Rica could read them as though they were lines in a book. The pink crystal on her necklace pulsed and felt warm against her skin. 
Nottia was dressed in a long dress and looked like she was planning to go out for the evening to somewhere special. 
You look like you have somewhere nice to go to. Zafira said. 
I have a sham quetal with Rory. 
Zafiras eyes opened wide. Ohh. Its getting serious then! He is a nice shamick. We shouldnt keep you then. See you later Nottia. Zafira picked up her bag and headed to the door. 
Nice to see you again Nottia. Rica followed Zafira out the door. Sham quetal?
When they were in the treb Rica pulled the rune out of her pocket but didnt put it on. Sometimes just holding it was enough to get an understanding with out the pain. 
Sham quetal? And Sham- what was that other one again? What do those words mean? 
Zafiras skin darkened! Was she blushing? Whoa. 
Well it is like- um. Rica had never heard Zafira stammer or be anything other that in control of her self. When two decide to make a life with each other. But its not official yet. They go together to places to eat or dance. 
A date. Thats it, a date. Why was she embarrassed about that?
Da-t? Zafira tried to say the word. This was a reversal. Usually it was Rica who stammered over the cat peoples words. 
You know when you go out with a guy to the movies or dancing. Like you said. 
No that is quetass, or queton, or even quetat. But sham quetal is with a shamick. 
Oh that explains it. Right. Somethings just were not explainable. 
What is a shamick? 
Zafira sighed. Someone your parents approve of, and you approve of, for living your life together and having young with. She blushed again. Apparently the topic of having babies was taboo on this world or maybe with these people. 
So a shamick is a good person everyone likes that you are going to spend your life with. Like get married? 
Mare-reed? This could take all night. Shamick is chosen by both sets of parents. If this comes to sham quetal all are happy for it. It means they will be together always. 
Oh ok. Arranged marriages that everyone agrees on, why didnt she just say that!
Zafira looked tired. Rica looked at her watch. It read 2:00. Rica tapped it then held it up to her ear to hear the tick. Nothing. Dang it. The battery was dead. 
Rica and Zafira decided to just head back to Shani instead of go to the dance club as they had planed. When they got back to the house it was quiet and dark so they tiptoed upstairs and went to bed. 
The next morning was rushed. Zafira had overslept for a change and her mother had woken her. They hurried out the door and barely made it by nine to open the front doors of the shop. Rica went back to unpacking and stocking the shelves while Zafira took care of customers and helped clean and put stuff away when she could. The day went fast, in the afternoon two Guardians stopped by to ask Zafira questions about the couple and she spent half an hour talking to them. They looked puzzled about the whole thing and said they had gone to the couples home and the neighbors but no one was there. Again the contained mask of alarm pulsed around the two officers. Rica wondered if she should say anything about what she felt from them. But decided not to mention it to Zafira. Maybe the Guardians had a reason to hide their alarm. They were scaling up their investigation and wanted Zafira to call them if she heard anything. She promised she would. 
When Zafira was locking up the shop to leave Zos called and they flowed over to the studio he practiced at. The place was like a big glass enclosed gym with mats on the floor and mirrors on the walls. The instructor came over and introduced herself as Petcher Tomineck. Rica liked her instantly, she felt friendliness and open cheerfulness from her. She was medium height but had striking markings. Not like Zafira or Zos whose markings were subtle Petchers were bold. She was colored with vibrant orange strips and white around her nose and chin. Rica couldnt help but stare. She looked like an orange tabby cat without any hair except on her head. Rica had trouble not laughing until she demonstrated her skill at the staff and martial arts in general. She was truly an impressive marital artist! Rica tried out some moves while Zos took a shower in the back and got changed. Rica signed up for a class that was held once a week. She wasnt sure she could fit it all in as busy as she was now. When they left Rica couldnt help but notice how Zos flirted with his instructor and she seemed to like it! There was defiantly something there. Pink and green swirled around them and the feeling a romantic interest radiated from them. Zos defiantly liked her. Shamick? Was that the word?
When they were driving Zos over to where he had left his treb Rica noticed groups of men on the street. They were just standing around, not talking to anyone. When she looked directly at them they turned away. Their faces were different, not like the cat peoples. She looked at them again but it was too dark to see. Maybe it had only been a trick of shadow that had made them seem odd. 
Whats up with those guys? Rica asked pointing at a group of the men on one corner. 
Trouble makers probably, I didnt get a good look at them. Was all Zos said. 
There are a few groups of kids and adults who dont follow the law. They hang out down in this area. Its why we came to drive Zos to his treb. Its not safe in this area. Zafira explained. 
Rica looked around at the buildings they were mostly run down looking with some shuttered windows. Not a nice area at all. 
 
 11  Clues

Morning had crept upon the world. Faint light peeked over the horizon and day dwellers started to stir. The air held the promise of winter. Rica had woken a few minutes ago. She had lain in the bed and tried to go back to sleep but there was no use; her body was awake, her mind thinking about everything but sleep. She stood in her room by the closet and slipped out of her pajamas. She shivered in the chill and pulled the warm sweater and soft pants on. The sweater was woven from the most incredibly soft blue yarn she had ever felt. It was thin but warm. She smoothed the soft fabric and smiled. Chaura had picked it out and the pants when they had taken her to Jamara for cloths. Rica felt a twinge of homesickness at the thought of Zafiras mother. The rich blue softness of the sweater reminded her of the summer she had dove into the pond at Kirkwood near her home smooth and sensual, the smell of honeysuckle thick in the air. Rica stood looking out the bedroom window, not seeing the view but imagining her home. She shook her head to break the spell. The cloyingly sweet smell of the honeysuckle seemed to linger in the air of the room. Was she imagining the scent? It just wouldnt do to descend into homesickness. 
Today Zafira was taking her to The Academy of the Arts, in Jamara. Rica had seen it from a distance so many times she was excited about the prospect of exploring it first hand. She slipped into her shoes and looked at herself in the mirror. The cut of the cloths was flattering on her slight figure. She picked up the necklace of crystals and put it on feeling the surge of something wrap around her like a comforting blanket. The Rune necklace lay on the stand. Rica picked it up slowly. Would she always have to wear this? Lately she had been getting headaches that wouldnt go away until she took the Rune off. She put it in her pocket and went downstairs to meet Zafira. They grabbed a piece of fruit and left. 
There were no smoke stacks pumping pollution into the air and there was no exhaust from the trebs. The Kahshians were a clean people. They cared about their homes and environment. The streets were clean, no litter anywhere, they looked freshly washed, pristine. The beauty of the architecture impressed Rica, which was unlike anything from home. The round doomed houses were beautiful, there were so many different ways the houses were built not many were the same. Some were sculptured into fantastic stems of leaves and giant flower blossoms blending into the crystals that topped them like works of art. Not only were the buildings spectacular but also the amount of greenery incorporated with the hard scape was impressive. Some of the taller buildings were covered in vines. 
Rica and Zafira were passing a building that seemed to be dedicated to agriculture; it was a pyramid shaped building that was massive, Rica estimated that it took up twelve city blocks. There were several floors, with the sides open; the floors being held up with many strategically placed pillars. Every floor in the building had a garden. Rica was amazed and intrigued at the sheer size of the pyramid, turning to Zafira and saying, Wow, you guys sure dont do anything small. 
Zafira let out a small laugh, Yes, It is one of the innovations that we are most proud of. It is one of several agricultural centers in the city. Our people benefit from the fresh produce grown in them. See how it has several levels to it; we are able to use each floor in the structure for different produce. This ensures that we still have fresh produce all year round, even during our dry seasons. 
Zafira continued making her way through the traffic in the city, pointing out various places she had gone to or liked. Parking was scarce near the Academy so they circled around a couple of times looking for a spot. Zafira pulled into a parking spot and said, Okay, we have to walk from here, if you thought our agriculture building was big wait till you see the Academy of the Arts!
As they started walking Rica noticed they were headed towards a towering granite wall that ran in both directions for many blocks. Rica was curious and a little anxious looking at the ominous wall Is the academy behind that massive wall? Why is it so fortified? She was feeling more than a little intimidated. 
Yes, that is the outer wall of the academy. It was built in ancient times and fortified with magic. In that era it was not uncommon for the mages to wage war upon each other. The wall rose high into the air. Rica looked up at it trying to see the top and bumped into Zafira who had stopped. 
Oops, Sorry! Rica laughed. 
Its impressive isnt it? Zafira was looking up at the wall too. There was a glint of something shiny at the top but it was impossible to make it out. 
Come on, we dont want to be late! Zafira tugged at Ricas arm. The walked down the wide sidewalk to where a lot of people were bustling about. 
Colossal metal doors stood open for the people passing in and out of the academy grounds. Rica walked through them she was overwhelmed by the sheer size of the doors, her jaw dropped open and she stopped. The nicely dressed Kahshian walking behind Rica almost collided with her at the sudden stop; he mumbled a polite apology and continued on his way. Rica didnt notice him; the sight before her enraptured her. Through the doors was a fantastic world she just couldnt seem to get her mind to accept. Ricas feet seemed stuck to the ground as she gawked at the magnificent vision in front of her. There were ten incredibly tall towers surrounding a central palace. Each tower was unique in its own right; they seemed to be stone covered in crystal. The crystals glinted in the sun in a rainbow of color. 
Rica had never seen anything like it. Some of the towers in the compound were like blown glass creations; one of them had crystal leafs and flowers and another looked like it was being engulfed by crystal flames. Bridges hung between the towers up high; they looked to Rica as though they floated unsupported sixty or more feet in the air. They didnt look as though they could support any weight let alone withstand weather. But there were people hurrying across their expanse. The grounds between the towers were planted in grand gardens, which looked like wonderful places to sit and read or study. There were stone benches and tables with trees and flowers all around. One area had a large pond with a little dock and boat. 
Zafira noticed Ricas sudden stop and the astonishment on her face; smiling broadly Zafira gently took Ricas arm and guided her to one of the stone benches. This place is absolutely stunning. Something had happened. Rica understood everything that was being said. Could she make a sentence in this language with out sounding like a foreigner? She thought about it. Yes the words came to her as she thought about what she wanted to say. She tried a more elaborate sentence then she had before. Formed it in her mind then tried to say it in the cat peoples language. 
You werent kidding when you said this place would be big. Its so beautiful; those crystal structures on the towers are amazing. Ive never seen anything like this. Did Zafira understand her? Yes she did, now just need to learn to read their language so she could understand what the signs said. 
Dont you have schools where you come from? 
Rica smiled, Yeah we have schools, its just we dont have anything this big, or living crystals or floating walkways, or magic. She relaxed. Knowing how to speak a language to be understood was big. 
I cant imagine a world without magic. We dont have any time before our appointment we can look around after. Zafira led Rica over to the green tower the crystals lit as Rica approached, shinning brightly even in daylight. People walking near by stopped to gawk at the sight. 
They climbed white marble steps that lead to the central building, the ornate doors opened as they approached. The interior was cool. It was decorated in rich woods and a gold colored metal with plush red carpets on the floor. Rica was feeling daunted by all the grandeur of the palace and not sure what she would say to the director when she met him. The inside of the building was a busy place; there were many people moving about. The two of them made their way to the administrative offices on the second floor and checked in with the secretary. She smiled kindly, Hello, you two may go on back. Magi Kohl is expecting you. 
As they walked into the directors office the first thing Rica noticed was all the books; Bookcases covered three walls of the room and all of them were filled with books. There was a large couch and two armchairs with a carved green stone table between them. Setting on the table was a vase filled with yellow and red flowers. The carpet was thick and had intricate designs woven into it. They looked like the runes on the cave walls where she had started this adventure. Finally, Ricas eyes settled on the man sitting at the desk. Instantly Rica had the thought that he was one of those people who had a place for everything and everything was in its place. His desk was neat to the extreme. All the papers were in a neat stack and parallel to the edge of the desk. All the things on the desk were spaced evenly apart. He seemed engrossed in whatever he was working on. Zafira cleared her throat, Hello Magi Kohl, Im sorry to disturb you. The secretary said you were expecting us. 
Magi Kohl looked up and set his pen down, and pushed away from the desk No problem at all. Please do come in He stood up and stepped from behind the desk. The director was a tall, slender middle-aged man. Its nice to meet you Zafira He bowed his head slightly to Zafira and opened both his hands, palms up at his sides; Zafira in turn bowed her head and repeated the gesture. He then turned to Rica, And you must be Ulrica, I must say I have been eager to meet you. He then repeated the bow and gesture to Rica. Please both of you feel free to call me Ian. Magi Kohl is such a formal title and I have never been one for formality. Ricas eyes started to tear up as she realized this was the first human she had encountered in weeks. She warmed to him immediately. 
Rica brushed at her face with her hand and said, Im sorry you are the first human I have seen since being dropped on this planet, its so nice to know Im not the only one. Rica extended her hand to shake his. He looked at her with a curious glint in his eye, and copied her by extending his hand in front of him but not taking her hand. Rica stepped forward and grasped his hand applying slight pressure and shook it. He laughed slightly. 
Well this is new. We typically dont touch people unless they are our close friends and family. 
Rica could feel her face heat up and knew she must be flushed with embarrassment, Sorry, that is how we greet people where Im from. 
Its quite all right. I enjoy learning about other cultures. I am particularly interested in you. 
Why me? How do you know so much already? 
Zafira chimed in, Im sorry I didnt tell you Rica. Ian and my father have been friends since their academy days. Father set up this appointment for us. Zafira looked at Rica with meaning in her eyes. OH! Dont tell him how we found you. Got it! Rica remembered what Chaura had said about not trusting this person completely. 
Ian was still looking at Rica and smiling when he said, I am particularly intrigued about how you got to this world and about Tods insistence that you have all affinities. He frowned slightly at the mention of affinities. 
Zafira and Rica then recounted the whole experience, most importantly about Rica wanting to find a way home. Ian was not hopeful about transporting Rica back to Earth. However, he was adamant about the necessity of training Rica in her abilities. He explained that the affinities could be dangerous. If left untrained they might manifest unpredictably. Rica blushed, remembering her wet morning at the breakfast table. Ian further indicated that he doubted she was attuned to all of them. 
A persons affinity is mostly paired. It sounds as though your affinities truly are for the Black and White Crystals, which encompasses minor properties of all the others. He said with distain. Ricas initial like for this man was rapidly dwindling. Rica could feel the animosity from Magi Kohl. His faade of interested Professor was covering distrust. Rica could see a swirling chaos of color around him tightly contained. It was a sickening orange and green shot with the most awful purple she had ever seen. The swirling mass was increasing in speed as he talked. Rica looked at Zafira, her colors were tightly blue. Rica could feel that he didnt believe her. She instantly wanted to prove that she was telling the truth. A feeling of righteous injustice grew within her. Something was going on inside her, a growing need to stay silent. This person looked harmless but there was danger alarms going off inside her. 
Oh, thank you Magi Kohl. I think you are right. Zafira turned toward her and started to say something when Rica projected a wave of caution toward her instinctively Zafira stopped a confused look on her face. 
We will set up a preliminary schedule for you. You can pick it up the first day of classes. Ill have to find an instructor who will be willing to try to teach you Ouch that hurt. Rica hadnt missed the slight. Hope he didnt have to dig to deep to find someone to teach the stupid girl. Rica kicked herself mentally at the thought. Stop it!
When they returned home Zafira filled the family in on what had taken place and discussed her own and Ricas upcoming education at the Academy. Zosimo had come over to have dinner with the family and took a real interest in Ricas dilemma. 
What happed at the office? It was strange, I wanted to say something but then I couldnt. It felt wrong. Zafira said. 
I felt like he didnt believe me. He thought I was lying! I had a feeling that he was dangerous. It was better to let him believe what he wanted. This color kaleidoscope was swirling around him and it made me feel like I wanted to not say anything to him. 
You see colors around people? Chaura was staring at her. 
Yes all the time lately. Though its not so bad since I got the necklace for the crystals. Now I can since what the colors mean. And sometimes I can project what I want to happen and it does, sort of. Rica felt queasy in her stomach. Would they kick her out for the weird freak she was turning into?
Fascinating! That is a clear manifestation of the pink affinity. Thats wonderful. You know what that means dont you? 
Im weirder than I thought? 
Chaura laughed, No, it means Magi Kohl is wrong you do have all the affinities. The white and black affinities do not manifest strongly in any one of the others. You would have to have a strong pink affinity to know what others are feeling. And to see the colors of their auras so clearly? Well that is phenomenal. You were right to not tell him anything about your abilitys. He wouldnt have believed you and would have become a clear threat to you. 
I didnt do it on purpose. It just sort of happens. 
Your own emotions will trigger the affinities. Ill look up the abilities each affinity manifests and we can go over it. But tonight, lets just set down and try to but the day out of our minds. It has been a day of discovery and we need to take a vacation from it. As if to emphasize the point Zafira yawned and walked into the family room to watch something on their viewing screen. Zos had listened to it all and reached over to touch Rica on the arm. 
We could go work out tomorrow at the studio, I have some free time. You could beat up the sparring dummy and take out your frustrations. He laughed. 
That sounds like fun Zos. Thanks I think I will take you up on it. 
Chaura served desert and a fiery drink that tasted like nuts but burned Ricas throat a little. Rica liked the taste but soon started to feel dizzy. 
Take it easy on that liquor Rica your not used to it. Zos teased. 
This is alcoholic? Rica asked stunned. She had never drunk alcohol before. 
We dont drink it often but this is a special occasion. Is there something wrong dear? Chaura asked. 
Im underage where I come from and only adults can have it. I know some of the kids at my school did drink but I didnt. 
How old are you Rica? 
Eighteen now. My birthday as far as I know was last month. 
You look older than eighteen dear. What do you mean as far as you know? Tod asked. 
I was adopted. No one knows my real birthday. 
Oh my I didnt know that. We will have to have a party for you. 
No its ok I dont need a party. 
Nonsense. Everyone needs a celebration to commemorate his or her coming into the world. No matter if they dont know the exact day or not. Tod said firmly. 
Its settled then we will have a birthday party this week end for you. Chaura said in a no nonsense voice all mothers seemed to possess. 
We can go to the studio tomorrow and that will give them time to get everything planned for your party. Can I bring a guest to the party mom? Zos chimed in. 
A guest? Of coarse you can. Who are you planning to bring Zos? 
Someone Im starting to care about. You will see. Was all Zos would say. But Rica smiled, she thought it would be the instructor from the studio. The night went on with Tod and Chaura trying to get Zos to tell whom he was bringing. 

 12 - Nottias News and Ricas Party

Jim had crawled in the window last night and now wanted out. Rica stretched and went to let him out. The dawn just breaking over the horizon was a breathtaking display of reds, oranges and purples. Rica stood a few minutes and watched as the colors slowly changed. She was starting to enjoy getting up this early just to watch the day begin. 
You are up early! Zafira popped her head in the doorway. 
Morning Zaf. 
Lets head into town and go shopping today. Nottia wants to get a nice dress for the party and so do I. I thought we could make a day of it. Maybe head to the fair in Motterling. 
Sure that sounds fun. Now get out of my room so I can take a shower and get ready. Rica threw her pillow at Zafiras head. Zafira ducked and laughed as she shut the door. 
After they had breakfast the two girls went into Jamara to pick up Nottia. Motterling was a little town north of Shani and had some nice dress shops. A fair was set up in a farm field near the town. Rica could see colorful tents and people milling about as they drove by on their way to the dress shops. 
How do you like it here so far Rica? Nottia asked. 
I like it. I have been learning how to speak your language without the translation rune and most of the time it has been fun. Sometimes I get confused with the words that sound a little alike but mean totally different things. 
Zafira laughed. Remember the day the man asked for the unguent and you thought he was asking for the bathroom? Rica flushed and pushed Zafira. 
How can I ever forget when you keep reminding me? Rica laughed. 
Oh that would be embarrassing. Nottia smiled
The guy just laughed and Zafira helped him though. Rica nodded
That was when you were working at the Forrest Street shop? 
Yeah. 
Did you ever find out what happened to those two people who went missing? 
No but we did report it to the Guardians. They have stepped up the investigation. 
There have been other disappearances in Jamara. Its strange. If you look at a map you can see the people who are missing were in an almost a perfect circle around the city. It was on the news last night. 
I havent read a newslist or watched the news on the broadcast for awhile. We have been busy. Zafira replied. 
Well if you go down to that studio where Zos practices be careful, Rory thought he saw a group of Opia down there hanging out near the transport hub. Nottia cautioned. 
Opia!
That is what he said. I dont know why the Opia were there but weve heard other people say they have seen Opia men and women in the areas where the missing people were too. 
What is an Opia? Rica asked. 
They are people who live north of Kahsha Nation. They are of Olinka decent. Nottia replied. Olinka? Now that explains everything. 
Still dont know what an Olin- what ever is. Rica could hear the frustration in her own voice and tried to calm down. 
How would you describe an Opia? Hmm. Well they have skin that is thicker then yours no hair except on their heads. And that hair is thick too. Their eyes are different than yours. They tend to be thinner then a human. Hmm. That doesnt explain it good does it? Nottias colors were pink and blue swirls. Rica could feel she was trying to help. But she was right she still didnt know what an Opia was. 
Well I guess I could find a picture of one and see it for myself. I didnt mean to get you off the subject of the missing people. Did you report it to the Guardians? Rica asked
No, its just rumor. Well except for Rory who saw it first hand. Nottia sighed heavily, and with some dismay added, I havent heard from Rory for two days now. He went on a trip to Kenlock and was supposed to be back by now. Nottia said. 
Kenlock? Rica asked. 
Its a town up by the boarder between the Opia nation and ours. Zafira chimed in. 
I think you should report this. A feeling of dread swept over Rica. 
I think I will when we get back. Lets go in this shop and get a dress or two for Rica. Nottia said. 
The rest of the afternoon they went from one shop to the next then went to the fair. They played some games and watched the Yemis trials. Yemis pleasure classes and hunt classes were being held on the tracks. The hunter class was exciting. The Yemis didnt have to jump over anything but they did climb huge walls with obstacles on them, the riders expertly guiding their mounts around them. Some of the walls were over fifty feet high. Rica forgot all about the conversation they had had on the way into town. This sport of Yemis hunt class was exciting. She was afraid they would fall off and crush the riders but Zafira assured her it wouldnt happen. Yemis were sturdy and sure of foot or rather claw. They had claws that would come out and help them cling to the wall. 
It was almost dark when they made it back to Shani. Rica had all but forgotten her promise to work out at the studio in Jamara with Zos. When he came to pick her up he looked at Rica quizzically. She was dressed in her pajamas. 
Well I guess we could work out with you dressed like that but I think you might be a little cold. Zos looked her up and down. 
Rica stood there uncomprehending then flushed as she remembered her promise. 
I completely forgot. Im sorry. Just give me two minutes. Rica turned to run up and change but Zos stopped her. 
Its ok. Im a little tired anyway. If you dont want to go it would be fine by me. I only came because I thought you might want to. 
Zafira came to the front door and looked at Zos. 
Well dont just stand there. Come in. 
Well I would but someone is standing in my way. Zos laughed. Rica flushed deep red and stepped out of the way. 
They spent the evening watching a show on their view screen; though they always corrected Rica when she called it a TV she would always think of it that way. 
The next day was the party. Rica didnt know what to expect. All the Leanista and Forlanta cousins were coming, well all of them except Melnone who had told Chaura he was busy. The Forlantas were Chauras brothers kids there were five of them Melnone, Nottia, and three younger brothers. The house had been made to look festive with streamers and balloons. 
The next day Chaura and Todd went into high gear getting everything ready for the party. They had hired a band and invited half the town. Magi Kohl was coming as well. Rica felt excited and nervous at the same time. The only people she knew who would be there were Zafiras family and Magi Kohl from the school. Even if he was doubtful about her affinities, she was excited to see another human again. 
That evening when everyone started coming Rica relaxed. This was nice of the Leanistas to do for a stranger. But then Rica was starting to feel like she belonged here. Like she was part of this family too. It was a comforting thought. Everyone was dressed beautifully. They guys were all wearing nice pants and variations of tunics, that were brightly colored. The women all tended to be wearing dresses. Ricas was a black dress with an over dress that was iridescent. 
Rica! Zos yelled. 
Rica turned to look at him. He was dancing with Petcher and they motioned her over. Rica smiled and came over. Zos spun her around and into the arms of one of the cousins. He was about Ricas age and sort of cute for a kitty guy. Rica giggled. Zos bent over and whispered. 
He wont leave us alone. Keep him busy. Then he spun Petcher away and they danced near the open doors to the outside. Jim leaped up and landed on Zoss shoulder then jumped spreading his paws out to each side to land on Ricas head, grabbing her hair frantically. He scolded her and sat on her shoulder clinging to her hair. 
Jim!
Oh I heard about that rako of yours. The cousin said. Im Morgan by the way. 
Pleased to meet you Morgan. Your Nottias brother right? Rica smiled. 
Yes, the nice one. He laughed, You want to get a drink of that punch? He looked at her like he was sizing up prey. Rica blushed. 
Sure. He took her hand in his and led her out of the chaos of the living room and into the kitchen to get drinks for them both. The cousin, as she still thought of him was a lot of fun. The rest of the evening Rica forgot about all her troubles and had the most fun she had ever had in her life. The cousin loved to dance and showed her some steps to the popular dances. It wasnt long before she was breathless and in need of more punch. 
Tod and Chaura were talking to a couple at the snack table. They were human! Not Magi Kohl and his wife but two different people. The sight stopped Rica where she stood reaching for a glass of punch. A tall slender man with brown hair and a slight dark haired woman in a rust-colored dress stood next to Tod. Chaura saw her and waved for Rica to come over. Rica wove her way through the dancers to them. 
This is Magi Sorren Locke and his wife Aribeth. Sorren, Aribeth this is Rica. 
A pleasure to meet you Mr. Locke. 
Call me Sorren. I hear you are going to be taking classes at the Academy. We will see a lot of one an other there I think. His face was boyish; his eyes had a spark of something in them. Mischief? Rica liked him instantly. 
I hope so. Though I dont know whom Magi Kohl got to teach me. He didnt sound too hopeful he would find anyone. But I hope to see you there. 
Magi Locke was looking intently at Ricas necklace of crystals. Oh I think we will be seeing each other quit a bit. That is a beautiful necklace you have on. Where did you get it? 
I got it when I found out my affinities. Rica touched the necklace and could feel the answering warmth of power. Rica was glad she had worn the large corsage of flowers over her bracelet. She still couldnt get it off. Pretty as it was, she was unsure why her father had given it to her. Until she could find out she didnt want to draw any more attention to it then necessary. 
The party wound down and people started to leave. Rica could hardly keep her eyes open. The cousin had left about an hour ago and Jim had passed out on the table in the kitchen behind a large bowl that had held snacks. He was hugging a piece of red fruit and his little paws twitched as he dreamed. No one moved him. Rica felt herself being pulled toward the stairs and didnt fight it. Zafira shoved her gently toward the bed in her room and the last thing Rica remembered was Zafira pulling her shoes off and covering her with a blanket. 

 13 - Growing Pains

The weather inside the academy walls was always spring bordering on summer. Rica had asked Zafira about it the first week of classes. The cold fall morning they had hurried to the academy and had found the doors walled in with fog. Cold on one side and warmer on the other the two weathers collided at the huge doors. Zafira hadnt known why it was that way just that it had always been that way. It was frustrating to Rica. But to Zafira and the other people of this world it was commonplace. They didnt question why it was; they just accepted it as the way it had always been. 
The weather mystery was only one thing that made the Academy of the Arts like a dream you could touch to Rica. The crystal towers and the Magi who taught in them were fantasy come to life, until she actually had to go to the classrooms and try to understand concepts that were alien to her. Without the translation Rune the lessons were frustrations piled on top of struggle. She could only understand part of the words so the translation Rune had to be worn. The headaches she endured were the worst pain she had ever felt. When Magi Locke saw her white faced grimace one afternoon he asked her about it. She showed him the Rune. He took it and tried it around her wrist. The pain instantly faded. Was that all she had had to do? Rica felt relieved and more than a little stupid. When she looked at the words in one of her books she discovered she could read them! Maybe the Rune had to be farther away for the writing? Rica didnt know. She was just glad she could now read her lessons. Why hadnt Zafira or Chaura told her about this? Was it possible they didnt know either?
Sitting on the grass by the pond near the blue tower Rica contemplated her now hectic life. She was working here and there in the shops where needed and helping at the house with Zafira; she had martial arts lessons once a week. She was too busy to miss home anymore. Two weeks ago Rica had started classes at the Academy of the Arts. It was challenging in that Rica had no point of reference in her former life to prepare her for the classes. She had no experience with magic except for what little she had seen on this world. A sorrowful musical note played and hung in the air like a substantial thing. Rica hurried to her feet and ran to the Red tower. Today she was in the Red crystal classroom with Magi Sorren Locke. 
Rica you can do this. Focus on willing a flame into your hands. 
I am. Its not working. I dont know how to do this. Rica threw her hands in the air and looked at the Magi, Your instructions are so vague, cant you tell me how to do it? She pleaded. 
Your will directs the magic. You have to focus your will. 
My will? Well that explains it. If I knew how to do that, I would be doing it! She muttered quietly so Magi Locke wouldnt hear her. Rica realized she sounded like a petulant brat at this point and didnt care. This magic thing was hard, and vague, and not at all something she was familiar with. 
Magi Locke took a deep breath and slowly let it out. He closed his eyes and held out his arms and hands palms up. Look at my aura. I know you can do that. Watch when I summon a flame. Watch as the aura changes. 
He became still and calm. His aura stilled as well, its frantic swirl of frustrated color calmed and became white. A flame of pure white light appeared and hovered above his outstretched palms. A shiver ran down Ricas spine at his display of ultimate control. Ok that was cool!
Now I want you to try it Rica. Calm your self and breath slowly, visualize what you want to manifest in your mind until you can smell the flame, feel its energy. 
Rica thought of flame and what it looked like and how it was hot and smoked sometimes but she couldnt imagine exactly how it looked. She thought of a fireplace and logs burning in it. Nothing happened. 
It didnt work. Ricas voice was plaintive. 
Magi Locke sighed. He stood with his arms crossed and a contemplative look on his face. Ok lets try something else. Remember when in your life someone has made you angry. Why did you become angry, how did it make you feel? Did you feel hot or energized? Now think of a tiny flame like that on top of a candle. Imagine that flame in your hands. 
Almost as soon as he said it, she remembered when a new girl in freshman year had come down the hall and shoved her into the lockers, as soon as the thought formed in her head Rica could feel the echo of the anger she had felt. She combined that feeling with the image of a flame in her mind. Her image came to life in her palms; Rica gasped jumped back trying to brush the fire off. It wouldnt come off! She panicked at the sight of flame on her hand. She tried to smother the flames. Stop, drop, and roll had been drilled into her head since she was a child. She dropped to her knees and tried to smother the flames against the stone floor. That was all well and good but this was magical flame. The fire was fueled by her belief in it. And she believed it now! As soon as Rica touched the stone floor the flames spread into a wall of fire, shooting out in both directions with a force that was freighting to behold. Rica thought of the heat such a fire would generate and suddenly it was almost overwhelmingly hot in the room. She thought of fire destroying all it touched and the fire spread uncontrollably. 
Magi Locke was calm and spoke to Rica in a soft comforting voice. 
You control the flame Rica, imagine the flames dyeing down and then going out. 
Rica focused on the calm voice like a drowning victim clings to anything to stay afloat. She heard what he said and pictured it in her mind. As soon as she visualized his words the flames reacted. Rica looked around after the last flame popped out of being, the floor and wall were scorched from the heat of the fire. Rica felt relief wash over her that nothing had been hurt. She was thankful the room was stone and nothing in it was flammable except her and the Magi. Rica paled at the thought. 
Magi Locke laughed at the shock on Ricas face. I think that was an excellent start! I do enjoy teaching you. 
Im glad you didnt get hurt. 
I was in no danger Rica. I am a master of the Red affinity after all. You were in no danger either. He said cheerfully. 
Rica liked this teacher. He was her favorite instructor here. He was so kind and patient. The other Magi selected to tutor Rica were not so patient or kind for that matter. The Director of Students and Director of Teachers had decided that because of Ricas special affinity to the black and white crystals that she would be tutored on an individual bases, as well as attend regular classes. It was also up to her to search the library for literature on her affinities as they felt their time could be better spent elsewhere. Her other teachers seemed hell bent on embarrassing her in class and making her feel inadequate and inept whenever they could. Like cats playing with their prey. 
Once she started unlocking some of the potential it was like a floodgate of magical energy had been opened. Now, she had to constantly control her thoughts for fear she would accidently start a fire or douse someone in water. It seemed to Rica that her abilities were easier to control before she knew that she could use magic; however, now that the door had been opened there was no way to close it. 
Sighing heavily, Rica did have to admit that at least she enjoyed her evenings with Zos. He had a carefree attitude and he was patient and sympathetic with Rica. She would go to the studio with him and they would spare. Well to be truthful Rica would get a pretty good walloping and bruises to prove it. He would smile and laugh and say he was teaching her how to fight with the staffs, but Rica would always end up on her rear end on the mat. Petcher was a hard but fair instructor and would work the students in her studio hard, getting them in shape for life she would say. Rica liked the physical exertion; it helped to alleviate some of the frustration she was feeling; frustration at not being able to go home right away, at the other magis condescending attitudes, and mostly at the feeling of being helpless. She was stuck here and she had to go along with this training, in the hopes of finding a way home. Rica didnt have a say in it. So she tried to keep busy. The days went by pretty fast with Rica so exhausted at the end of them she would pass out and sleep till morning only to do it all again. 
The birthday party they had held for her had touched her deeper than she cared to admit to anyone. She was starting to feel like she belonged and it was a struggle to separate her feelings for her new friends with her desire to leave them all behind to go back home. She liked that she didnt have time to dwell on any of it. 
Lost in thought? Magi Locke was sitting on the bench looking at her. Had he asked her something? She had just been doing something she had thought she couldnt do with her busy schedule. She had been dwelling. 
Im sorry. I wasnt listening. 
I did notice that. The magi said gently. Come up to my office, I have received a letter from the western portal tower in Tabor Town. I think you will find it interesting. 
Ricas heart fluttered. She dared not hope, but she couldnt help it. Ok. 
Magi Locke opened the classroom door and waited for her to follow him. They walked up to his office and he closed the door when they were inside. 
Please do sit Rica. I left the letter here somewhere. Magi Locke sorted threw the stack of mail on his desk and opened his drawers looking for the letter. He frowned and stood thinking then revelation crossed his face and he went to his satchel and opened it, pulling the letter out and unfolding it. 
Here it is. He handed Rica the letter. As Rica reached for it, the sleeve of her shirt pushed up to her elbows, her bracelet in plain sight. She didnt think anything of it, she had forgotten she was wearing it or maybe it was wearing her. 
The translation rune only translates common language, so the technical stuff is just gibberish to me when I look at it. Some of the words meanings still arent clear to me yet. I think I get the gist of what this says but Im not sure. 
Oh right. Clumsy of me, my apologies for causing you discomfort. Magi Locke was red in an embarrassed flush. He looked at her bracelet and his eyes widened slightly, surprise on his face. 
No its not your fault. I am trying to learn its just there is so much to learn. Rica shrugged not noticing her teachers reaction. 
Magi Locke recovered and took the letter back. Well let me read it to you then. It says that there was a portal opened to your world, Earth. Several months ago and that Magi portal master Warren Ports has the details and would be happy to meet with you at your convenience. 
Will he be able to send me home? Rica felt excited. 
I dont know, he only said he would meet with you. Though you do know by now that to go through a portal requires the person traveling to know the basic portal spells and focals. That will require you to finish your classes this semester at least. To insure success with travel on the portals that still work you would have to at least reach adept in the spells. All magi in training require learning these portal spells and that is what you are, a magus in training. Even though most of the portals dont work anymore some still do and it is hoped the Portal Masters will find a way to repair what is wrong so they can open the defunct portals through out the world. The more he talked the more Rica could feel her spirits fall. 
Magi Locke hesitated then said, Um  May I ask you a personal question. Had he said um? That got Ricas attention. 
Sure. Rica had never seen her teacher so unsure of him-self, or was it something else. She only sensed intense interest, but not in her, in the bracelet. 
Oh, I have been wearing it since the first day I stepped onto this world. I cant take it off. The clasp disappeared right after I put it on! Rica trusted Magi Locke so told him the whole story about the two men and the portal thing she had fallen through. 
Magi Locke frowned, but not in a negative way, as though he were even more interested now and was trying to figure something out. Rica held her left wrist out for Magi Locke to see the mysterious bracelet better. He took her arm and looked at the bracelet, turning his head to the side to read the words around the large blue gem. 
Do you know what it says? Not that he would Rica told her self, after all her father had given it to her on Earth. 
It is a family crest from the Southern Principality of Alastrina on this side and it looks like a high mage crest from the Eastern Lands on the other side of the warding gem. Magi Locke looked closer at the Eastern Lands Crest. Yes defiantly one of the twelve. He said. 
Twelve what? Bracelets? Rica felt more confused than ever now. 
No Crests. The Eastern Lands or Ahaya as the people of that land call their country, has Houses of Magi that take turns running the country. They mostly ignore the country in pursuit of their research though if you ask me. He shook his head, anger and disgust was building in him. Rica didnt like the turn of the conversation. The people of Ahaya are ALL magi, there are no non magical people within the boarders. 
What happens if a child is born with out a gift of affinity? 
The Ahayas believe it isnt a gift, its their exclusive birthright. Children born with out an affinity are considered to be less then desirable. Though they are not cruel people they think it a kindness to adopt out the flawed offspring to other lesser nations. Magi Locke spoke as though he had personal reasons for his intense dislike of the Ahaya and their practices. Giving a child away because it wasnt perfect in their eyes was awful. Rica had been adopted as a child and instantly felt dislike for the Ahaya people. Or was she feeling what Magi Locke was feeling and taking it as her own emotions?
Sorry to go on about that. I dont like the Eastern Lands or their policys There was a deep anger around Magi Locke covered over with a calm outer shell. Rick had never seen this side of him before. 
Can you get it off? The bracelet I mean. Rica asked to break him out of his dark mood. 
Oh, no. Im afraid that is a part of you now. Others with such protective warder gems usually cover them with a decretive band to disguise the nature of the ward. 
Nature of the ward? Rica noticed he was calming down now. 
The Gem is a precious stone, not a crystal and usually they are imbued with a protective spell of some kind so that it lowers barriers to a specific room or vault of some kind. Some of these warders are personal ones that protect the wearer. But this isnt the case here. That Gem has several spells woven into its metrics. So where ever it allows you access to it would be deadly to enter without the bracelet. 
I cant get it off so thats not a problem. Rica smiled, then she had a sudden realization and a chill went down her spin. 
There are other ways to remove it, none of them pleasant. Magi Locke looked grim. 
Oh, right like  cutting the arm off. Rica tried to laugh it off but this revelation had shaken her. Now she didnt want the thing on her wrist. What had her father been thinking? And why had she so blithely put it on?
Magi Locke noticed her reaction and smiled slightly, Most people who have those disguise them in some way. I recommend you wear a band over it. The metal has bonded with your skin. There is no practical way to remove it. I dont recommend amputation. 
What I dont understand is how my dad had this on Earth. We dont have magic. 
I dont know Rica. But I do know with out a doubt that your bracelet is of this world not from yours. That bracelet was specifically made for you down to the DNA level. If someone other than you had tried to put it on it would have killed them. Nasty things warder Gems, not to be played with. 
I, well Okay. Was all Rica could think of to say. Stunning I know, but there it is. She would ask Chaura for some cloth and make a cover band for it. Rica smiled, cover band that has so many meanings. She looked at the bracelet; the deceptively beautiful Gem sparkled so benignly. She felt sleepy when she looked at it too long, it almost felt like that night she had heard someone call her name in the dark, she shuttered and looked away, pulling her sleeve down over it. 
That night Rica talked to Chaura about the warder Gem and a cover for it. Chaura helped her make a cloth band with leather laces. It didnt look to bad, sort of rustic. Later that night Rica studied the portal spells from her textbook, trying to memorize the rhythm of the words the feel of the spell. It was so hard to try to get the feel of something you have only experienced once and had passed out doing. So she concentrated on the words memorizing every one and saying them over and over. 
The next morning while she was getting ready to go down to breakfast Rica took out the necklace of crystals Zafira had helped her make. She watched the crystals come to life in brilliant glory and sighed. Chaura was walking past her room and stopped looking in at the despondent Rica. 
Rica? Is everything alright? 
Yeah. Rica said softly. Everything is just great. 
It doesnt sound like it is. Chaura walked into the room and looked at the beautiful necklace of natural crystals from their familys affinity caves. 
Is that the necklace of crystals from the cavern? They are stunning!
Yeah. Rica started to put the necklace back into the leather bag she had kept them in for the last week now. 
Why dont you wear them? They would help you focus while you practice at school. 
Some of the Magi and students are giving Rica a bad time. They dont believe she is aligned with all the crystals. Just the White and Black is what Magi Kohl said. Zafira had stopped and over heard what was being said and now entered the room too. 
Well Magi Kohl is mistaken. Did he test you in their affinity chamber? 
No. He just assigned me teachers and told me to research on my own for the white and black affinities since they dont teach them. Im training with the four affinities they teach on a one on one bases when the teachers have time. 
You should have told me. Zafira you know better then to keep this from me. Chaura was shocked. Magi Kohl is wrong. You are aligned with all the crystals or the magic of the cavern would not have gifted them to you. It is the nature of our cavern that tells me you are unique. No one in recorded history but one has ever been so gifted as to have all the affinities. That man is mired in his own pride in thinking he is right and everyone else is wrong. Chaura was angry now. Rica could see the angry red of her aura swirl faster and faster. Rica had never seen her lose her temper or raise her voice before. Rica reflected that she seemed to bring strong emotions out in everyone she met.
I didnt mean to make you upset Chaura its ok really. Rica put the necklace away. 
No it is not ok. Chaura was insistent. You put that necklace on and ware it proudly. If nothing else it will prove to all the doubters that you are aligned with all the crystals. And further more it will help you in your studies. Rica obeyed her. Her hands shook as she tried to fasten the catch on the necklace. Let me help you with that. Chaura took the necklace and fastened it around Ricas neck. 
 The crystals draw power from the world and stores that power with in for use when you need it. The brightness you see will dim after about ten minutes and stay a steady glow from within each crystal. Only those looking directly at it will notice. But you will know and that is what is important. You need your confidence. Magic is all about confidence and focus, as no doubt you are finding out. Now lets go downstairs and make some breakfast. You tell me if you are having trouble with these magi. You can always talk to me Rica. I think of you as a daughter. 
Thank you. You are like a mother to me too. Zafira like a sister I never had. I dont know what I would do with out your help. Rica hugged Chaura and Zafira joined in for a group hug. Rica felt so much better. As though just hearing how they felt about her had grounded her doubts and focused her resolve to be able to get through anything. 

 14 - Nabarun

Nabarun stood in the predawn cold looking out over the city of his birth. He waited, shivering as the first ray of light hit the top of the science observatory tower in the palace compound. The stone lit with a brilliant glow. This was his favorite time of day and his favorite place to watch the city wake up. His city. He watched until the valley was drenched in light and people started to move about. His mother would be looking for him, he needed to get back before she sent the militia after him. 
He had forgotten how ruthless and cold his mother could be. He had been away for eight years at school and another two in mandatory military service. Then his father had died. Everything had changed. Now he was at home seeing just how emotionless, cold bordering on cruel his mother was. Today he would confront his mother. The nation disserved a ruler who was fair, not the tyrant that his mother had become. 
His older brother had left the nation in disgust three years ago. The heir to the throne, ha some heir. The last reports of him were in a northern seaport drunk in a tavern. Filthy and uncouth not exactly what the people of Opia Nation would want to lead them when the time came. The way things were going; the people were on the verge of a revolution with his mother as the evil to over throw. How had it all come to this? Nab was bound and determined to have it out with his mother and find out what the hell she was thinking. 
He turned and headed back toward the path that would lead him to the southern entrance to the city of his birth, Ternikla, meaning jewel of the mountain, and once it had been a jewel. A bustling hive of merchants and craftsmen in all seasons, even in the dead of winter people had found their way to Ternikla to buy the runed weapons or vehicles they were noted for making. There had been laughter in the streets then. Now no one would meet your eye. Most of the master craftsmen had moved out to other less stressful cities. With no trade coming to the nation where was the money coming from to pay the guards, the maids, the government? People were scared. His mothers grief had been understandable at first but now, it had turned into something else entirely. 
Nab stumbled in his reverie and almost fell off the steep path. His heart racing he looked down at the jagged rocks below and pulled himself back up. He had always been lithe and fit. He was tall and muscled with dark brown hair and bronze skin. He was grim lately and never smiled except in cynicism. 
He could hear them before he saw them. His mother had sent the royal guards out to fetch him. He jumped down behind them. They started and drew their swords. 
 Careful who you draw on. He laughed. The guards eyes were open wide and their breathing fast at Nabs sudden appearance. They recovered quickly, straightening up and scowling. 
We were told to find you your highness, we are only doing what Her Majesty set us to do. 
Well then we mustnt keep my mother waiting. 
When they arrived at the Palace the guards went off on their duties and Nab went to the drawing room to meet his mother. He hated these little meetings. She stood looking out the window at the city below still and cold as the marble of the walls. Nab shook his head at the thought. He cleared his throat and shifted from one foot to the other. She made him feel inadequate somehow. She turned and looked at him. Nab bowed to his mother and waited for her to speak. She took her time. 
Where have you been? 
I needed to think so I went out. 
You went out of the City to that place you always go. Nabarun you are a Prince you cant go off like this unprotected. 
Unprotected. What do I need protection from mother? You? 
She slapped his face, the blow splitting his lip. For a moment Nab thought he saw fear in her eyes but it was gone when he turned back to her, his face stinging from the force of her blow. 
You will be respectful. His mother was almost out of control. She was shaking in her rage. 
Mother I am not going to stand here while you attack me. What is it you needed? Nab tried to keep his voice level, to keep his mounting anger under control. His father had never lost control as long as Nab had known him. He had to keep control or this would end like all the other confrontations he had had lately with his mother. 
The High Reagent Consort Selenta Morigan is here with her daughter Devina. I want you to take the girl and show her around. Be nice. I plan to make a match with her for you. 
A match? As in marriage? Nab was stunned. This was the first he had heard of this. 
Mother, I am not the heir. Coriraun is. You need to have this conversation with him. 
This is not up to discussion Nabarun. Your brother is sick and can not be considered for the throne so it falls to you. 
Sick! He is a drunk!
Lower your voice! Times are not as they once were Nab. We need these people. 
 Since when do we need the Onur? 
Since your father died and left me to run this god forsaken nation thats when. 
You can hit me all you want mother but you will NOT speak of my father like this. Nabs eyes narrowed and his voice was a growl. He had never spoken this way to his mother. He was barely keeping control of the rage that threatened to over come him. His mother gasped and glared at him. Silence like an unpleasant guest stood between them for a few heartbeats. Then his mother sighed, a tear slid down her cheek like a rare jewel. Nab was stunned. He had not seen his mother cry. Ever. 
Im sorry I slapped you. Please Nab. She took a shaky breath and straightened her shoulders. Nab frowned, was she putting this show of timidity on for some hidden agenda. 
Please come with me. Its time I showed you something. She turned and started toward the door. When it was clear Nab was not following she turned around to look at him. 
Nab. Please! Nab had never heard that tone in her voice before. Pleading. Always she had been the ice queen, unemotional and absolutely in control. Nab sighed. What would it hurt to see what it was she wanted to show him?
She led him to the palace vaults, and instructed the guards to wait outside. Then Nab and his mother went into the vault. She led him down the steps to the huge doors protected by ancient runes and unlocked them with a word and a pressed her hand on the right panel. The door slowly opened. The lights came on. And inside the once overflowing vault there stood one lone bag on the far shelf. Nabs heart raced at what he saw. They were out of money. He knew there was a recession but this was unbelievable. 
Mother! How did this happen. There just were no words. 
It wasnt a sudden thing it just  I dont know. I was never trained to run a palace let alone a nation. The Taxes were collected but I dont think they were being deposited. I was so depressed after your father died. I loved him. She wept. Nab was not sure what to do. He put his arms around her and patted her back. She sobbed on his shoulder. She was so vulnerable. 
The Cacher took all the money. When I found out it was almost all gone. I banished him. I didnt know what to do. I should have had him jailed. Should have done so many things different. She pushed away from him and wiped her tears from her face with the back of her hand. She looked up at him. The lost look in her eyes and the utter panic there raw. It hurt him to see her this way. Was this an act?
Mother, I-
Dont! She snapped, her control returning in a rush. 
I dont need or want your pity. I need your cooperation. 
Cooperation with what Mother? This was more like the conniving person he knew his mother to be. 
The Reagent of the Onur Nation, Marko and his Consort Selenta Morigan has wealth. If we are allied with them they will see us though this. 
Mother! NO! You would hand the Opia nation over to the first person to knock on the door? I think not. We can find another way. Send that Northern Mage you have been entertaining back home and the High Reagent Consort Selenta. This is not the answer to our problems. We are and always will be a strong people and we need to be now. 	
Dont you speak to me as if I were a child! I am your Queen and your mother. I decide what this nation does or doesnt do. She turned and then walked to the door. She turned to face him. Her eyes bore into his in fierce determination. 
Your bother is unfit to lead this nation anywhere. He is a disgrace to this family and the Opia people. You will take his place when he is dead. And mark my words Nabarun you will be crowned King. This nation will be strong again. I am not nor do I intend to hand this nation to anyone. I do however intend to take what we need. And what we need right now is alliance with the Onur. They will increase the Opia Nation nicely. We need more soldiers. After all we dont want our people dying. She laughed and it wasnt a pleasant laugh, it was cruel and calculating. 
You will marry this little twit. They are royalty. They want an alliance with us. The children you will have together will unite us as one nation. So we continue to be the strong nation you so passionately proclaimed us to be. Her smile was manic. 
What are you planning mother? Nabs feeling of dread was growing, this could only be the tip of the ice berg. 
Never you mind my son. You do as you are told and all will be revealed in good time. Come let us meet our guests. With that she turned and walked up the steps. Nab followed thoughtfully. 
Later that night after the feast his mother had put on for the guests. He wandered about the palace aimlessly, trying as he might he could not see a way out of this mess his mother was getting him into. He felt like a prisoner in his own home. She didnt care if he loved her or not just that there would be a pliable pawn to control in her schemes. He was nothing more then a way to her goal. She cared nothing about how he felt toward this girl he didnt even know. He had always known royalty could not be so cavalier to choose just anyone to marry. They had to have intelligence and a certain amount of cunning. He wondered in to the staging room where wars in the past had been planned and was stunned to see the staging board placed and maps coving the long tables. He went over and looked at them. The maps were of the Kahsha Nation. The Kahsha were a peaceful people, merchants and healers. This was much bigger then just marrying a young girl and allying with the Onur people this was much, much worse. 
Footsteps echoed in the hall and voices were heard in an involved discussion. Nab ducked behind a screen in the far corner of the room as his mother and that little weasel of mage Magi Zeorun from the northern nation of Semlor walked into the room. The mage was going on about a vision his leader had had about some girl who was the key to the power of the crystals. His mother laughed and said she would send a trusted Knight to fetch her. There was a trip planned to Denham anyway for materials. When they had left, Nab went up to his room. He had heard enough. A knock sounded on the door, Nab froze a second in panic. Then relaxed, his mother could not know so soon what he planned to do. He had just had the idea after all. 
Nab put the clothes he held in his hand into the bag and shut it. His service in the military had trained him to be always prepared to leave at a moments notice. He slid the bag out of sight behind the ornate chair. He turned and walked to the door and opened it. Surprises seemed to be the order of the day. His tutor from his youth, Master Longmark, stood before him. He looked nervous and glanced down the hall as though not wanting to be seen. Nab made a decision and gestured for the old man to enter his room. Closing the door when he was in. 
That night Nab learned about the Resistance, a group of concerned citizens in high places, who were trying to organize an army to overthrow the Queen. So far what they had was no more that a mob of angry citizens of all social classes, loosely calling themselves an army, causing havoc to their own people and not doing anything to accomplish their goals. The old man before Nab now had come to him as a last resort, not knowing if he would live to see the dawn, not knowing if Nab was a pawn of the Queen or if he would side with them. Nab told the man he had his own fears about the Nation and where it was headed. He voiced his view that his brother should be found and put on the throne as soon as possible. Though his mother would not allow his brother to just walk in and claim the throne, not now that she had had a taste of power. Nab could see she would want to keep control. 
Your brother has always been a weak boy and now his is a weak man. Weak in that he loves his drink and women to much to pay attention to anything around him that matters. Master Longmark looked pained as he said the words. Nab thought about what to say to this instead of just reacting. He had to be cool headed and weigh his words carefully. His father had thought him; a general never goes into battle in a rage. He had to assess the battlefield, find his opponents weaknesses then strike. The old man was speaking what he truly believed. Was what he said true? Was his brother a drunk? To Nabs surprise he found he didnt know his brother at all. Even growing up they had had separate tutors and schools. He had idolized his brother as a bigger than life hero as a boy. Now was not the time to humor old hero worship. Now he had to be a man and make a mans decisions. 
I think we should find him nonetheless. I want to see for myself that he is what you say. Perhaps he just needs someone to jerk him back from the brink so to speak. Nab looked his old tutor in the eye calmly as he said the words. 
We can do this. Maybe it will be for the best for you to see for yourself his current state of disgrace. His tutor looked tired, he shook his head. Then straightened as though coming to a decision. 
Nabarun we need you. The Nation needs you. We have a mob of people that are out of control. This mob needs a leader to form it into a force to be reckoned with. We need you to be that leader. His hands shock, his chin jutted out. Nab could see the stress in the man. 
Master Longmark, I would be honored to be the General of this resistance you speak of. I will not be your king. Let us be clear about that. My brother is the rightful heir, and until it is proven to me that he cannot fulfill is birthright, he will be king. Nab touched his tutors arm and squeezed it. The old man nodded. 
We will be in touch through the boy Sid. He is a poor boy who is recently orphaned. I have been looking after him. Our communiqus will be in code. Remember the old Tappish code I thought you? Thats what we will use. No one these days know it but you and me. 
I remember the boy. Are you sure about the code? 
Yes, I am a historian. It has been out of use for over a thousand years. I learned it as a whim when I was a boy. Later when I was at University I used it as my own shorthand. I thought it to you when you had that fever as a boy. It was our little game we played as you recovered. 
Nab smiled at the memory. Yes I remember that time well. Though I may be a little rusty at the code, Im sure it will come back to me. 
They talked on into the night in hushed voices. Nab thought about all that was said. He had to find his brother and find out if he was able to assume the throne. A king needed to be strong, disciplined, and fair when it counted. The old man talked as though the resistance wanted him to be king. That just wouldnt do. Nab knew how to be a General, he knew little about trade and diplomacy. He was content to be the leader of the military and let his brother be king as he had been trained to do since birth. Dawn was peeking hesitantly over the tops of the rugged mountains when the meeting with his tutor concluded. 

 15  Clouded Vision

The air was dry and held the sharp smell of dry earth, Moyo glided on a thermal over the wastelands, looking at the landscape for any sign of activity. The dream visions had led him here, and his feeling of anticipation was almost unbearable. Flying here over this barren land near the Kahsha Nations border was risky. He didnt want to be seen here. Moyo didnt know how his presence would be construed, the son of an overthrown leader far away from his home. He didnt want to draw attention to himself yet here he was near the Kahsha Nation boarder, flying about looking for a girl who may have fallen to this world from another. Yeah discreet!
The dream a week ago had woken Moyo in a state of panic his heart racing, the dreams intensity seemed to be getting more urgent. It had been so clear. The same dream every night since he had started on this damned quest to find the girl in the vortex of his subconscious. He had been so sure the dream would lead him to the place where the girl had come into this world that he had set out with high hopes. Now it was several weeks later and still no sign of the girl. Then on the ground something fluttered. Moyo banked to the left and circled around for a better look closer to the ground. The sun was getting higher in the sky and the heat was making the air turbulent. He would have to walk soon or climb to a higher altitude. Moyo flew back over the area, just when he was about to give up and continue on he saw a flutter of white again. Like a page in a book, or a scrap of cloth, what ever it was, it was behind that dune ahead. Moyo back winged and landed. 
He reached the spot and looked around. This was so frustrating. Then the air stirred again and something fluttered. Moyo turned to the sound of it and saw a book open with the pages fluttering in the light gusts of air. He bent down and picked it up. The feeling he got from the book took his breath away. The girl had touched this book! It was written in a language he did not recognize; on some of the pages there were pictures of places and things he had never seen on this world. He shut the book and put it in his pouch. Moyo was excited now. He was close!
Sound sometimes travels in peculiar ways in the wasteland. Moyo thought he heard voices. He cocked his head and listened, but the sound was gone. He spread his wings and launched into the air and was caught instantly by a thermal and thrown violently into the air. He fought to get control of his flight, his wings and shoulders hurt like fire by the time he stopped his tumble into the sky. He was breathless when he heard the voices again, the sound was not loud enough to make out what was being said but he thought he could determine the direction it came from. He climbed away from the hard ground to a better more cruise able altitude. He opened his wings and glided on the air as he listened for the voices again. It seemed to be coming from a distance away by the cliffs to the right. When he got closer to the cliffs he saw the marked path and felt he was on the right track. The day was heating up and the air was moving in unpredictable ways near the cliff. Moyo was caught in a sudden violent gust and snapped his wings tight to his body in an attempt to fall below the swirl of air. He was too close to the cliff and opened his wings in instinct to power away from the sharp rocks and was buffeted into a rock column. The sharp pain in his foot was the only indication that he had hit. He landed rather less gracefully than he would have liked on the ground at the base of the offending column. He looked at his foot and shook his head. Stupid mistakes can end this quest he admonished. Blood ran down his ankle and into his soft leather shoes. Moyo examined the wound and decided it wasnt too bad. He mopped the blood off and bandaged the ankle with supplies from his pack slipping his wet shoe back on carefully. The sound of an explosion got his immediate attention. 
Moyo looked around but could not see any evidence of smoke in the air. Magic then. The path led up toward the Kahshian Affinity Caves. Not many knew of the caves outside of the Shaman who was entrusted with it. His father had been one of the trusted few that knew of it and its location and how significant it was to the affinities of the world. Moyo had found out about the caves by reading his fathers journals Master LeaNic had given him. He limped over to the path and made his way up cautiously. He used his cloaking rune and walked as softly as he could with his injured foot. The voices were clearer now. They were male voices and as Moyo peeked over the edge of the path up to the men. He could clearly see one was dressed in elegant cloths with runes embroidered into the hem of the long cloak he wore. Moyo took him for a mage. The others were dressed more commonly like thugs. The well-dressed one was yelling at the others.
Cant you morons do anything right? Morick! Im talking to you! Get out of the way or you will be fried. There were three men standing off to the side watching, they laughed at Moricks expense. The mage was a pushy little man with an attitude. The man in front of the door moved quickly out of the way with a surly glare at the mage. 
Stop yelling at me Toren! The little man yelled back. Either he had a death wish or he wasnt bright. Moyo grinned waiting to see what would happen next. 
Morick better not make him mad. Hell turn you into a rock. Oh wait that might be an improvement. One of the men said, the others laughed. 
Then Toren gestured and another explosion sounded. He was trying to force the magically sealed doors of the cave open. Moyo ducked down and listened. After a few more attempts the mage decided it was a waste of time. With Moyos good Miwa vision, which was three times as good as a normal human, he could see the mage was wet with sweat. Moyo didnt doubt it dressed as he was in the heavy dress robes and over robe. This may be autumn but it was still hot in the wastelands. 
Morick come over here. Toren waved to the man to come over. The slightly built thin man walked over, his back stiff at the insults he had incurred. Toren pulled a small disc from his pouch and handed it to Morick. Take this; its a tracking device. I have programmed it to track the source of the power disturbance. Its range is limited and will only last about a week or two. Find the source and report back to me in Denham at the Rose Inn. You will get paid then. Dont approach the source or try anything stupid. You observe and report back to me in a months time. Do I make my self clear Morick? Even you cant screw this us! Morick snatched the object and put it in his pocket. 
Perfectly clear Toren. 
 The mage did not sound happy. Moyo waited till they had left and then waited a little longer. He couldnt decide who he would follow the mage or the spy so he took a coin out and flipped it into the air catching it and slapping it to his arm. He would follow the spy. The man had gone up to a well-kept way and traveled toward the city of Jamara by Moyos map. That was as good a guess as any since he was no tracker. The others had left in a treb toward the north. The man Moyo followed was on foot as far as he could tell. 
Moyo waited till the moons had risen to light the night. He flew high following the flow way till he saw a wayside inn; he landed and stopped there for the night. He needed to rest his injured leg and get a good night sleep before looking for the man he had followed. He had a good suspicion that he was following the same girl he was so one would lead to the other. 
Moyo used his affinity to disguise his appearance. It wouldnt do to draw to much attention to him-self now. With his white and blue wings he would never blend in. So he now looked like an old human farmer with graying hair. People looked up at him as he limped into town. Maybe human was the wrong look for here, aw well to late now. He ate at a fast food place and then went to the inn and got a room. He showered, tended his ankle, and went to sleep. He would worry about the morning when it got there. 
...
At the same time Moyo was drifting off to sleep Rica was in her room preparing for bed. Her thoughts went to the lessons she had to do tomorrow and the memorization of the teleportation spells. Rica took a shower and then sat in her pajamas thinking about her life as it was now and all that she had gone through in the last month and a half or was it longer, time was weird here. Rica heard Jim outside her window scratching to get in. He would disappear for a week at a time and then suddenly show up as though nothing had happened. 
Hiding from your new brood? Rica laughed and opened the window for the rako to scurry into her room. Jim jumped onto her shoulder and rubbed his face on her cheek. She would let him out the window in the morning. 

 16 - Frustration

The slight figure of a man crept up to the front door of the house not making a sound. It had been a week of false leads and dead end clues that finally brought him to Shani. The town was not small, a suburb of the city of Jamara, the tracking device was starting to fail, the energy operating the device was almost gone, he had to locate the source of the power or the mage he worked for would literally skin him alive. Morick was tired of taking orders from Toren. He planned to get what he could out of this assignment and disappear hopefully with a lot of cash in his pocket. He hadnt decided yet if he would report to Toren or not. Toren was always showing everyone around how stupid Morick was and how smart Toren was. Well that was not going to continue. Morick planned to extort these people. He had found the girl to be the source of power yesterday when the tracking device had practically burned his hand at the store when the girl had passed him. It had stopped working all together after that. Morick had followed the girl to this house. Well he would get what he wanted and sell the information to another interested party and leave Toren to answer to his employers. With a grin on his face he peeked in the window the family was setting at the dinner table. 
...
The front door burst open and a man strode in as though he owned the place. He yelled, No one move or you will die! He held a disk that glowed in his left hand. 
Jim, Ricas pet rako chattered and leapt at the man. The disk in the intruders hand glowed and a light hit Jim in mid air. He was incinerated, the ash falling to the floor. Rica cried out in shock. 
Jim!
No one move! The thief yelled. 
What do you want? Zafiras father said. Just dont hurt anyone. 
Shut up! I do the talking here. Not you! The man said. 
Ok, ok please just calm down. Zafiras dad said. The thief waved the disk at him and yelled. YOU SHUT UP! Ricas heart was beating so fast she thought she would pass out; her face was wet with tears. This just could not be happening. 
The thief threw a bag at Zafira. You, put all the valuables and cash in this house in the bag. If you try anything Ill kill them. Zafiras hands were shaking as she picked up the bag and went to do as he said. Zafiras mom and dad put their money, the jewelry they were wearing and the silver wear from the drawer in the cabinet in the bag. The thief picked up a silver bowl with flowers in it and dumped the flowers on to the floor. He stuffed the bowl in the bag as he grabbed it from Zafira. He shoved her toward the rest and told her to sit on the floor. 
He laughed, You will not call the guardians or tell anyone I was here, or I will know and come back. The people I work for have ways of knowing things. They want that girl, I wont tell them where she is or who you are if you make regular deposits at this place every week. He threw a scrap of paper on the floor. No one move for five minutes after I leave the door. Ill be watching. Then he backed out the door and closed it. 
The family sat in shock then hugged each other, Zafira and Rica were crying. The shock of the sudden violence was settling on them in waves of emotion. Tod said they could not let this go unreported. Chaura was scared for them all and didnt want the man or his threatened employers to show up. Tod said they would decide what to do in the morning. 
They didnt feel safe in the house, and waited for an hour then went to an inn for the night. Rica was not thinking clearly and kept remembering the way Jim had just turned to ash in a split second. She was shaking and could not seem to stop. They all spent a sleepless night. In the morning they discussed what to do. Zafiras father thought the man was just bluffing and made the decision to report it to the local guardian station in Shani. They spent the rest of the morning filling out reports and being interviewed by the two Guardians of Peace who had responded to the call. Rica and Zafira were questioned about the missing people report they had made in Jamara a few weeks ago. They had nothing else to report to the guardians. Rica asked if they had found anything, they hadnt and the investigation had been stepped up. A guardian had gone missing as well, the men questioning them thought the incident might have been connected to the robbery but the other guardian in charge thought it unlikely. Rica found she couldnt see their auras or read their feelings. She was worried that her magic had failed, then laughed out loud at such a thought. The laugh turned into a sobs and soon Chaura was setting near her with her arms around her shaking shoulders. 
Three weeks ago I would have been glad if the magic deserted me. Now I miss it can you imagine that? Rica babbled. 
It will be all right Rica. Im sure Jim didnt suffer it was so fast. 
I  I know. I just cant use my magic. I think its gone. 
I think she is in shock. We should take her to the healer clinic. Tod said concern in his voice. 
No, I  I mean yes I am probably in shock but I cant use my magic. I tried to see the auras but I cant. I dont know whats wrong. Rica said a little to loudly, frustration in her voice. Why wouldnt they understand?
Oh dear. I didnt realize thats what you meant. Some times when under great distress, when you are just learning your gifts the emotions can suppress affinities or sort of short them out for a while. They will return. Have no fear of that. Chaura consoled her. 
My poor brave Jim. Why did he do that? Jump at that crazy man. Rica broke down into sobs again. Great now I cant stop crying! Three weeks ago I would have been thrilled to be rid of this magic now its like part of me has been ripped away. Dang it, I miss it. The memory of Jim turning to ash in front of her kept running in her mind. She couldnt seem to turn it off. 
Rica had never been mugged, beat up, or other wise involved in a violet crime before. She was feeling helpless and didnt like the feeling. Something inside of her was broken. Her trust. Her sense of safety was forever altered. With all that had happened she felt more determined then ever to learn what she needed to protect herself and those around her. Though she did not know what she could have done in the robbery that was different; she knew she wanted to be better prepared for anything that might come her way. She would train with Zosimo at the studio he attended and learn all she could about her affinities. She wished she would have been able to focus on that thief and use some kind of spell to stop him but all she had been able to do is cry because Jim had died. That would not happen again, next time she promised herself she would be able to do something, anything than just sit there and cry. 

The thief, Morick was feeling pretty good with his little scheme as he ran down the road and climbed into the treb he had borrowed. As he drove down the street the shalat he had gotten from the Magi flashed and beeped at him. The spell the mage had put on it made him answer the call. He hated that mage. 
Yeah. He said in a surly tone. 
You didnt check in. Did you find the source? 
No, No nothing. He lied. 
I know when you are lying Morick. What have you found? 
Morick was sweating now in his effort to resist the magic of the spell. He sobbed. 
Ok, I found a trail. It led to Shani and Jamara. Im still working on it. It wasnt entirely untrue. The half-truth worked! The magic didnt zing him like before. 
Well your time is running out. I will hunt you down if you betray me. No matter where you go Ill find you and believe me you dont want me to find you if you run. Call me tomorrow and everyday with progress reports or you will wish you were dead. The mages voice was low and menacing, Morick shivered. He knew magic couldnt reach as far as he planned to go. He believed he could pull it off, the mage be damned. 

When Toren finished talking to the moron thug in Jamara he called his master Jarath in the Dark Tower of Vanora in the far North. That wasnt the real name of the tower it was what Toren called it. He smiled planning out what he would do with all the power Jarath had promised him. 
You had better have something to report. Came Jaraths voice on the shalat. 
Yes lord. It came from one of the Kahshian affinity caverns. I was unable to break open the door. I did, however, detect a huge energy residue, like nothing I have seen before. I think the magic spike we felt originated there. 
It had to have been the girl of the vision. She is the only one with enough power to make a spike of energy so large. I want her found! Jaraths voice was menacingly low and sent a spike of fear into Torens soul. He audibly swallowed. 
Y- Yes, I will not fail you my Lord. 
See that you dont. Jarath threw the shalat the wall where it shattered. That mage was an inept but necessary disappointment. When he found the girl he would give Toren what he wanted, he would make him into a test subject. Jarath was a tall dark haired human. His lean muscles responded as he ran up the stairs to the circular room at the top, his black silk robe dancing out behind his harried steps. The cold stone beneath his bare feet, the air frigid was making his breath fog. The cold was part of his main power and he endlessly let it flow through him. 
He would have to talk to Magi Zeorun, his hunter at the Opia Nations palace, tell him to step up the search as well. Between Toren and the other mage he would find and capture the girl. The experiments with the transference spell were not going well. People were talking behind his back. He would show them all. When he brought back the affinities that had failed and got the portals to work again they would bow at his feet. His greatness would go down in history as the Magi who saved the world. 
His son and top hunter had returned without the girl. She was the key to making him invincible; she was the only person alive who could wield the white and black magic. As far as he could tell from his research the key to restoring the crystals was the most rare affinity of all, the gift of the white and black. This girl was nothing; she could not be allowed to take his glory, his fame. He would be the one to restore the crystals not some child who knew nothing of this world. When he thought of who she was he became enraged again. That was another reason to take the affinities from her and imbue him self with them, she didnt deserve them. 
Although, until he perfected the transference spell. He would simply have to capture the girl and keep her quiet. He felt close to achieving his goal. At least he knew she was back on this world and within reach. It would only be a matter of time before he had her. The last batch of magi his hunters had brought him was adequate for the last test. He had successfully transferred power to four out nine test subjects. Those werent great odds but it was a success of a sort, at least some had survived. All great breakthroughs of science and the affinities had undergone setbacks after all. Time was running out, the crystals were all dimming. He would perfect this. He would be the one to bring the lost affinities back to the world. And then the world would be his for the taking. He smiled at the thought. He could almost see the crowds and parades he would have to endure. 

 17- Investigation

Moyo was having difficulties. It had been several days of miss direction and false leads before Moyo got a good lock on his spell to find Morick. The man had made contact with many people in Shani and in Jamara, none of them upstanding citizens. He had sold some jewelry to a pawnshop in Jamara. Moyo had found out from the manager of the seedy little shop that Morick had been a steady customer about two years ago when he had gotten in trouble with the local authorities and had left town. Now he was back and up to no good. Moyo didnt like using his charm ability to get what he wanted from people but time was ticking and he needed to find the red haired girl. He knew from his intense visions that she was close. Just not where she was. Morick was a thief, a mercenary, and not good at either. He had come into some money recently it was clear, because he had rented a room at a locale inn and had been buying women and imbibing freely of the Kahshian beer. His bragging of his impending wealth had drawn attention from other sources it seemed. Moyo had heard from the local low life that Morick would be making a big contact with a dangerous source. What that source was he didnt know, but it had scared the contact Moyo had developed with the pawnshop merchant. 
Moyo had used his scrying ability to track the spy and it had led to a seedy bar in Jamara. Now he sat in a booth in the back. He watched Morick as he talked to several people. Moyo could not hear what was being said but it was clear the man was making deals with the local underworld thugs. When the spy left sometime later Moyo followed him to a deserted building and sat back out of sight waiting for Morick to come out. It was dawn when Moyo decided to go in to check on the man. 
The unmistakable feeling of powerful magic was the first thing Moyo noticed upon climbing into the back window into a kitchen. Noticed may be too tame a word, hit him in the face and almost knocked him out was more like what he experienced. The feeling made Moyos skin crawl like low voltage electricity, it was not pleasant to endure. The smell of intestines and blood was overwhelming as Moyo entered the back bedroom. Moyo gaged and fought the vomit threatening to explode. When he had better control of his stomach and his gage reflex he discovered what remained of the man who had been known as Morick. Moyo now more then ever needed to find the girl. He looked around for any clue as to who might have killed the thief; but only came up with a blurred vision when he touched the shoe of the dead man. The vision was not helpful. He saw a ring with four arrows pointing into a flame. What it meant he had no idea. He had to find out where the girl was. He would have to do a more intensive spell to learn what he needed to know. He would need a safe place where he could be undisturbed. 
Moyo left the building cloaked so no one would see him. He went back to his Inn room and collected his things. He bought supplies for his trip and filled his water bottle again. He checked out and left the town. He had planned for this. While looked for the man he had discovered a network of caves in the hills around the city. The next day he would be in the countryside where he had found the caves. All the caves around this area had crystals of one type or another. He knew just the one with the faint violet and blue crystals he needed to augment his power for the scrying spell. Yes his affinities were for the yellow and blue but violet had always seemed to enhance his powers nonetheless. He needed another vision of the girl and Morick. He had a bit of cloth from the dead man with him. He was confident that in the next few days he would find the girl. He felt desperate to help her. Moyo did not know why he felt this way but he could not shake the feeling that this girl was important. 
It was a rainy afternoon when Moyo got to the cave. He was glad to be out of the wet and into the dry cave. The cave was cold though and soon he was shivering. He would have to get dry before the scrying could be started, it would be no good to start such an involved spell only to be distracted by the cold. Moyo built a small fire in a nook of the back cave where it was evident others had used the place for a fire as well. There was no fear the rock would crack and collapse here there were runes strengthening the walls around the fire pit. This must be one of the locale affinity caves; there was a grate in the fire pit and stones arranged neatly around it. Nature had provided a natural chimney that drew the smoke out of the cave there. Soon he was dry and warmer. 
Moyo prepared the scrying bowl he had in his pouch and sat clearing his mind of outside things. The bowl was small and light but it would have to do. Moyo took the piece of fabric from his pouch and put it in the water in the bowl. He pictured the girl from his vision and Morick. When they were clear in his mind he opened the magic within him to see what the two had in common. Where they would have touched in life, if at all. Soon he was riveted with the vision of the robbery and of Ricas face streaked in tears. He knew her name now! But where was the house. The thought brought the place in focus. He knew where to find her. Moyo let out the breath he didnt know he had been holding. The emotions that had coursed threw him had left him drained. He was exhausted. He lay down by the fire after packing up the scrying materials and told himself he would only sleep an hour. Moyo slept the afternoon away and all threw the night to awake in the morning feeling drugged. He had slept to long. At least he knew where she was and her name. 
He left the cave and headed toward Shani. What could he say to this girl he felt he knew but had never met? Many trial conversations ran through his mind as he flew down toward the town. He landed outside of town in a field of vegetables just starting ripen. Her house was just up the hill. 

 18 - Introductions

The afternoon sun glinted on Moyos wings as he landed on the driveway. He straightened his shirt and started toward the house when he heard a gasp of astonishment off to his right. He stopped walking and looked in the direction he had heard the noise. There under a shade tree was the girl he was looking for! Rica stood with eyes wide and mouth open. Not the best reaction to his appearance. Moyo sighed, tucked his wings tight to his back and stepped toward her. 
Hello. Im Moyolehauni de Curria. I would like to have a chat with you if I may. It is important. He was starring at her. Moyo stopped unsure what to do now. Rica stood as if frozen her eyes wide and mouth open slightly like a startled prey animal. 
A Miwa here? What brings you to see us Shaleant de Curria? Zafira said. Moyo turned to look at the new addition to the conversation. It was a tall beautiful Kahshian girl with long blond hair. She held herself tensely even though her words and sound of her voice had been calm. He would have to work to put them both at ease. 
You use the formal greeting of my people! We no longer have a monarchy so I do not use the title. The Counsel of Elders governs the Miwa now. I am here on a vision quest, looking for her as she is the focus of this quest. Moyo bowed formally to Zafira and Rica. 
He-, I-, he has wings! Rica stammered. She turned to Zafira. 
He is Miwa, of coarse he has wings! Zafira sometimes forgot that Rica was from another world. Please forgive us we have recently had a bad encounter with an unpleasant man. I need to call my father. 
Why are you looking for me? What is a vision quest? Rica asked and stepped to Zafiras side. Rica could feel panic rise and fought it with determination, remembering the promise she had made to Jims memory. No more panic. Well too late for that this time next time then. Rica forced her self to focus on what this birdman was saying. Angel would have been a fitting word but you could never be sure. He was cute though, great right from panic to noticing his awesome physique. Can you say raging hormones? Now what were they saying. Rica giggled to realize a cat girl was talking to a birdman; she fought the giggle before it escaped, and turned beat red in the process. 
I did not intend to startle you. I know how this may sound but I assure you Im not a mad man. I have been plagued with dreams of you for months now. They are insistent and pull me to you. I think I am here to help you, to protect you. My affinities are the blue and yellow disciplines. The dreams I have are precognitive in nature. And to answer your question the vision quest is simply a quest to find the object of the dream. You are the object of my dream. Moyo could feel his face grow hot in embarrassment that last part did not come out as he had planned to say it. This was not the way he had planned to meet her. It was said that his great grand father had been a charismatic speaker; Moyo apparently had not inherited this trait. 
Zafiras eyes sparkled in amusement, she smiled I am Zafira Leanista of the green and blue disciplines and this is Ulrica Simpson, it is a pleasure to meet you Moyolehauni. Why dont we go into the house and we can have refreshment and talk about your visions. Zafira said and gestured toward the house. 
Moyo. You can call me Moyo. Its much less pretentious and easier to say as well. Moyo laughed. 
Moyo then, a pleasure to meet you. Zafira said. Maybe she didnt need to call her father after all. This Moyo seemed to be a genuinely nice person; Rica wasnt reacting badly to him. She was just surprised about meeting a Miwa for the first time. 
Moyo and Zafira started toward the house. Rica slowly followed. Looking at the wonder of wings Moyo had. They were beautiful white and blue. They must sport a wingspan of twelve feet or more when extended. But then she thought they must need to be that big to be able to fly the handsome Moyo. Rica blushed at such a thought. Why was she so suddenly attracted to this strange man? Was it just because he had wings, or was it something else pulling her to him? Why wasnt she worried about him, after all they had just been robbed and victims of a violent crime. The memory of Jim erased the smile from her lips. 
The rest of the afternoon was spent with Moyo telling them of his visions, and about the fate of the thief who had threatened them. When Tod came out of his study to investigate the strange voice he had heard, the girls introduced Moyo and filled him in on what they were talking about. Moyo showed him a sketch he had made of the ring he saw in his vision. Tod was sure he had seen the ring before. He called his friend Magi Sorren Locke and asked him to come over. Tod trusted him completely they had known each other most of their lives. When Tod called him he came right over. After the introductions were made, Magi Locke was filled in on all that had happened. 
Zafira call your mother and have her come home. This is important. Also call your brother tell him what is happening. I think its not safe in Jamara anymore. Tods voice was strained. The worry he felt for his family was evident on his face. 
Nottia called me this morning. There is still no sign of her shamick. She said there have been more disappearances in her neighborhood as well. The Guardians are spread thin and have started asking people to stay indoors at night. Dad Im scared. After that thief came in here last week, I havent been able to sleep. 
While I was in Jamara looking for Morick, thats the name of the thief who came here by the way, I saw groups of Opia in parts of town. They were trying to disguise themselves but my affinity can see through simple spells. Moyo told them. It would be a good idea to have your family here and ready to move out if necessary. 
Magi Locke looked worried but thoughtful, This whole situation is escalating to quickly. I think you should stay away from the school Rica. The ring Moyo saw in his vision is one of three I know of. The owners of those three rings are the heads of a secret society of mages in Jamara. They approached me last winter, asking me to join their group. I turned them down. I dont believe in their view that mages are superior to everyone and should be in ultimate control. Since then they have watched me. They threatened my wife and have come to the academy to try to get me to join their ranks. I sent Aribeth away already on the pretense of a sick parent. I planned to follow shortly. Tod shook his head. Zosimo came in the front door with Chaura and they listened to what was being said. 
Did you report them? If they are threatening you, the guardians  Tod spoke uncertainly. 
What would the guardians do Tod? They would have doubted my sanity. I have no proof any of this has happened. The Magi who approached me would have denied it. No, getting my wife to safety and removing myself from the school is my only recourse. I have a teaching position lined up in the southern kingdoms. Magi Locke paced back and forth. Like Moyo said I too have seen Opia men in Jamara always in groups of six or more at key government and infrastructure buildings. I dont know if the secret society is connected with the Opia but I wouldnt be surprised. Those Magi are looking for someone of great power; I think they know it is Rica now. That little thief Morick would have had no resistance against a master mage interrogating him. And the power signature Moyo described is that of a Master. I think something is going to happen soon. And I dont think it will be good. Tod I think you should get your family out of Kahsha nation you could stay with us in the Southern Kingdoms. Its not safe here anymore. I was going to go into the school tomorrow, but now with what you have told me Im leaving as soon as I can throw some cloths in a bag. Sorren looked worried. Moyo had the feeling Sorren was right and that he needed to get out of this place. 
Moyo spoke up. I am going toward Denham; it would be the quickest way to the western mage tower. They are the only ones I know of who still has a working portal that is still reliable and the knowledge to get Rica home safe, she could come with me. Moricks boss is in Denham waiting for a report that will never come. I want to pay that mage a visit. I want to know what else is going on. Rica will be safe with me. 
Tod looked at his wife, worry in his eyes. Sorren has never been wrong about reading the danger of a situation. He used to be the one who kept us all out of trouble when we were young. I need to speak with Chaura and make a decision. Sorren can you give us a couple of minutes before you leave? Sorren nodded. Tod took his wifes hand and they went into the study and closed the door. Rica looked at Zafira and Zosimo, they both looked concerned. The tension in the air was making it hard for Rica to breath. When the study door opened again and Tod and Chaura stepped into the living room again it was clear by the look on their faces that a decision had been made. 
Tod took a deep breath and squeezed Chauras hand then looked at them all in turn. I think Zafira and Rica should go to the school as usual tomorrow. We dont want to draw attention to us. I think if they were going to take Rica they would have done it by now. Chaura and I will pack some things and get ready to go. We will leave for the Southern Kingdoms when the girls get home tomorrow. We need time to get things in place. Sorren shook his head in bewilderment. Rica felt a flutter of fear. With everything that had been said she would have preferred to just leave tonight. Not wait for another day. 
I think you are making a serious mistake my friend. Ill also go to the school tomorrow then and make sure the girls get home safely. Ill stop by and we can leave together Tod I know a way into the Southern Kingdoms that will get us there unobserved. 
Well if Moyo is going to the western mage tower I would like to go with him. I dont want to put any of you in more danger. I think it would just be best if I can get off this world and go home. I want to put this whole thing with the thief the magi and all behind me. Im putting everyone I have met on this world in danger. If I remove myself from here you all will be safe then. Ricas voice quavered. Zafira looked stunned by her words. 
Its not just because of you the Opia are here. Those reports of missing persons and Opia sightings were happening before we found you. Yes the Magi are now after you but this Opia thing is not your fault. Your being here is coincidence. Zafira looked at her and frowned, her ears back slightly. 
Well the magi are a dangerous element but not your fault they are after you. Zos shrugged. 
Im going with Moyo, it will be better if Im gone. You will be safe then. 
Its settled then, we will go together. Moyo nodded toward Rica. 
Ill go with Rica as well. I found her out in the wastes and I feel sort of responsible for her. Zafira said to her parents. Rica you are a part of our family now whether you want to be or not. You are like a sister to me. I want to help you. Zafira looked at Rica. 
Good, and I want Zosimo to go with you as well. Ill feel better knowing he is there to keep you safe Zafira. Tod nodded. 
No! Chaura did not look at all pleased with her husband at his suggesting both her children leave on a dangerous journey with a complete stranger. 
I see no other way Chaura. Zaf and Zos can keep each other safe and see to the safety of Rica. Four together have a better chance then just Moyo and Rica. They can take her to the Mage Tower and then sail down to the Southern Kingdoms. We can meet them there. Rica felt relieved to know Zafira would be coming with her. 
It will be fine Mom we will be careful. Zafira hugged her mother. 
Moyo nodded in agreement. I am going to start out at first light to pack what we will need. We will need to stay off the roads so we will need Trebs that have the capability to travel cross-country. We will have to move quickly before they figure out which way we are heading. With your parents heading one direction and us the other we should be able to get to Denham with no problems at all. 
We have Trebs in the barn that would work they are farm vehicles for hauling feed and seed. Ill show you tomorrow before we leave for school. 

 19 - Escape

The next morning was crisp and cold. Every breath generated a cloud; Rica went back into the house and got a sweater to wear. Since the conversation last night, everyone was quiet. No one seemed to want to chat like they always had in the past. Rica climbed into the back of the treb and looked out the window. Zos was coming up the road toward them. Zafira was in the driver seat and Moyo sat next to her. Zos waved and climbed into the back with Rica. 
I thought I would tag along today. I could help Moyo get everything we need for the trip. Zos said. 
Thanks Zosimo, thats a good idea. Zafira is dropping me off at the store in town here. Moyo smiled at Zos. Moyos wings didnt fit in the small treb well. He sat on the edge of his seat; his wings awkwardly out to the sides. 
Do you have trebs where you are from Moyoleh- um Moyo? Rica asked. 
We dont have the same kind of vehicle you have here no. But we do have vehicles. 
It must be uncomfortable for you to set in these trebs. 
Not to bad. When I went to school in UPT I learned to adjust to set in the seats without too much discomfort. 
Ah. Okay I just thought you looked uncomfortable. Rica didnt know what UPT was and didnt want to ask. Moyo did look uncomfortable in the seat though. 
Its alright. Thank you for asking. My wing feathers have no feeling so it doesnt hurt if I set on them. Just the arm and shoulder they are attached too has feeling. Rica frowned and looked closely at his wings. He had two shoulders on each side and the feathers were attached to thin arm like appendages. His other shoulder and arm was normal looking. 
Sorry for staring. I just think they look beautiful. Your wings I mean. Rica could feel her face and neck heat up in embarrassment. Shut up Rica! She shouted at her self silently. 
Moyo laughed, It is alright. If I went to your world Im sure I would be the one staring at things that were strange to me. Thank you, Im glad you like my wings. He reached down and picked up a long white and blue feather that had fallen out when he had entered the treb. Here you can have this, as a souvenir. He shrugged and smiled. Ricas heart beat erratically as she reached out and took the feather. She put it in her bag she had her books and change of clothes in. He had the sweetest smile. Stop! She told herself. Get a grip. You are in a strange world and you are going home  without the bird guy! Rica stifled the giggle she felt rising at the thought. 
Zafiras parents were already packed and were closing up the clinic in Shani. They had let the animals in the barn out to pasture and set up an alibi. They had told all the employees they were heading east to check on a new supplier for the herb business. It had been a hectic night of packing and planning. Now with the good-byes all said Rica had butterflies in her stomach. No one knew what would happen today. As they started out of the driveway Magi Locke drove up and waved for them to stop. He told them he wanted to ride with them to the Academy today. He handed his control crystal for his treb to Moyo. Moyo and Zosimo climbed into Magi Lockes treb and drove off. Magi Locke sat in the front with Zafira and they started out again toward Jamara. 
They drove in silence down the road. As they got closer to Jamara they could see more and more Opia around, always in groups of six or more. They were out openly in daylight now as though they didnt care who saw them. Rica remembered when she had first come here, the only people she had seen then had been Kahsha with an occasional human. Were the Opia responsible for the disappearances of the people in Jamara? Rica thought that they were. 
The Opia were tall with an oriental look to their faces, there skin color was darker then Ricas and seemed sort of metallic. Maybe she was just seeing things. When they stopped at a stop sign (which was an orange triangular shape, not like earths red octagon) there was a group of Opia on the corner close to where they were stopped. Rica looked at their faces and gasped. Their eyes! The pupils of their eyes were like that of a snake, no whites at all. When the male she was staring at blinked Rica thought the eye lids came up from below and down from the top of the eye to blink. Could it be possible that they had two eyelids! Their skin was definitely metallic in color and shown like oiled skin in the sun. 
Magi Locke turned to look at Rica when she gasped. Everything ok back there Rica? 
Do the Opia have two eyelids? was all that Rica said in reply. 
Yes, and their skin is subtly different from a humans in the color and texture of it. 
Their eyes sort of look like lizard eyes. Its creepy. Rica shuddered. She didnt want to meet one of those lizard men anytime soon. 
People were quickly getting through the gate with out stopping to talk as they usually did. The Opia were here too. Two large groups of them, one to each side of the gate, they stood and watched everyone who passed them with uncanny focus as though they were looking for someone in particular. 
Dont stop here Zafira, drive around toward the north side and park across from the school on Kahsha Memorial Way. I dont want us to be blocked in if anything happens. Magi Locke looked tense, with his back stiff. Zafira drove to where he indicated and parked behind a small stonewall. It was three blocks to the academy from there. They got out and walked in silence until they were near the Academy wall. 
This way, I want you to see how to get out this way just in case. The Magi nodded his head toward the middle of the wall. Zafira frowned. 
I dont see a way in there. She said. 
Its an optical illusion Zafira, Ill show you. Magi Locke smiled tightly. 
They approached the wall and Rica still couldnt see any way in. When they were half way down the block there was a gust of wind that blew Ricas hair back. She looked at the wall, and it looked seamless. 
Look down at where the wall and ground meet. Not at the wall itself. Magi Locke gestured at the ground where the gust of wind had come from. Sure enough there was defiantly a path there through the wall. If you werent looking down at where the seam of the wall and ground met you would never see it! They followed Magi Locke through the narrow passage into the northern part of the grounds behind a high hedge of sculpted bushes. They continued through the maze of plants to a side entrance to the main building. 
All faculty, Magi, and students assemble in the main Audience Hall. Blared out of the schools loud speakers. Magi Locke frowned and led them to the hall. 
I have a bad feeling about this. Maybe we should just go. Rica whispered. 
We may be able to find out what they want. We are already here just stay together. If any thing happens meet me at the hedge we came in at. Stay in the back of the hall by the observation booths, Ill try to stay with you. he whispered. 
As they entered the hall they saw more Opia, they were all dressed alike in brown pants and shirts with green belts, they held what looked like the same kind of disk that the thief Morick had used when he had killed Jim. The students were afraid, some of the younger ones were crying. There was evidence of struggle everywhere. Scorch marks on the walls of the buildings and some of the crystals on the towers were broken and laying in pieces on the ground. With a school full of magi you would have thought the Opia wouldnt have had a chance. Rica thought she saw a dead student lying in the water of the pool and hurriedly looked away. How had they over powered the teachers? 
As they passed into the hall Opia guards were standing every few feet. As they went into the Audience Hall Rica saw a teacher from the blue tower standing with the Opia guards. His arms were crossed and she could see the gold ring on his hand, it was just like Moyo had described from his vision. Rica focused on the air right in front of her not looking at anything but where she was going. The farther into the room she got the more tense she felt. Ricas pink affinity took that moment to reassert its self. The emotion and colors crashed over her like a wave and she stumbled. Zafira caught her arm stopping her from falling. 
Are you alright? she whispered. 
Yeah, my affinities are back. It took me by surprise. Rica whispered. Rica looked away from the chaos of colors and recited the calming spell Magi Locke had taught her the first day at school. Whisper soft the edge of reason. Fear not the cutting edge. She didnt know why it worked but it did. The wave of colors and emotions broke around her and she was able to see where she was stepping. Focusing on keeping her head down and not drawing attention to her self she followed Zafira. 
Everyone was herded into the center of the room. Zafira tried to lead Rica toward the edge and the observation booths but an Opia guard stopped her. Magi Locke spoke to him and was shoved back. Rica felt sick with fear. Magi Locke took Zafiras arm and said something to her then pushed his way to the front of the hall. Rica lost what was happening then. The students where told to sit on the center row of seats. Rica sat down and could feel something like a steel cable tighten around her. But the sensation was not a physical thing it was on a different level. It was trying to affect her power. She was shaking now uncontrollably. Zafira squeezed her hand. Her claws were partially extended and dug into Ricas palm, distracting her for the moment. 
It wasnt long after everyone was seated when a group of Opia stepped onto the stage. These were dressed differently, the brown pants were the same but they had a sash angling across from the left shoulder to the right side of their green belt. There were many shiny metals on the sash. Rica thought they must be officers or leaders of some sort. Irreverently she thought they looked like overgrown boy scouts with the sash, she giggled at the thought. She must be loosing it if she was finding this in anyway funny. 
Everyone seemed to gasp at the same time when an old man was pushed onto the stage, his hands bound behind his back. From where the girls sat it looked as though he had been beaten. Zafira squeezed her hand painfully, Thats the President of the Kahsha Nation. She whispered. There were two other bound Kahsha brought onto the stage. The Officers stood and looked at the students not saying anything, all eyes were drawn to the older Opia. He wore epaulets with gold tassels in addition to the sash; he had a short stick in his right hand that looked a lot like a riding crop. He grabbed the Presidents arm and pulled him forward to the edge of the stage. Then he hit him and he fell to his knees. He reached out and grabbed the Presidents hair and pulled his head up. Then he looked out at the crowd again. 
There is no escape. There is no hope. There is only obedience. You will all come to know this well. His voice carried to the back of the hall and echoed there. It was harsh and cruel. He smiled and Rica felt a shiver go down her spine. Ricas tension was focusing in her stomach. She felt strange the more afraid she became the stronger the feeling of heat in her stomach. She felt sweat form on her brow. The General (that must be what he was) was speaking, but Rica couldnt seem to focus on his words her head was hurting now. It was like when she was in class with Magi Locke but stronger. Rica shook her head. The band that was trying to squeeze her seemed to snap and give a little. 
After speaking for what seemed like hours the General reached over and drew the stick (crop thing) across the Presidents throat. The skin parted and blood gushed out spraying the first row of terrified teachers and students. The band ripped away from Rica like it had been a licorice rope and not some powerful thing. The relief was wonderful. They had to get out of there. Rica decided to focus her energy at the floor around the stage. Fire burst up from the wood of the stage and engulfed the curtains on the walls. The heat in Ricas stomach was gone and a cold emptiness had replaced it. Her head no longer hurt and there was utter chaos in the room. Every one was screaming and running this way and that falling over each other. Zafira was pulling her. Then they were outside some how and Magi Locke was with them. All she could do was try to keep up and not loose them. 
They ran towards where the treb had been left but there were Opia all over. They had to leave the treb behind. Magi Locke led them to another building outside the walls of the academy and they were now in the basement. It was dark and Rica wished she could see where they were going when a light like an LED flashlight lit up behind her. Rica let out a frightened yip. There was a ball of light above her left shoulder just hovering there. 
Where did you learn that spell Rica? Magi Locke asked. 
I dont know. It was dark so I wanted light and there it was! Rica said. 
You need to put it out or they could find us. 
Ok. Rica imagined the light going out and it popped out of existence. That would come in handy Rica thought. 
Your attack in the assembly hall will but them on high alert so we need to be unobserved. 
I was only trying to help! He killed that man. I thought we could get away if we had a diversion. I didnt think it would work but it did. 
That was a good idea but dangerous. They can track magic signatures like that you cant use any more magic for a while, ok? I tried to cast in there but my magic was blocked somehow. They must have used a dampening device to be able to take the school like they did. 
I could feel a band, like something trying to squeeze me. But it broke and I was able to cast the spell. Rica could still remember the feeling of the band around her mind. 
You are powerful to be able to break such a devices hold on you. I am a master of the red affinity and have been considered by many to be powerful. Yet I could not cast in there. Magi Locke looked at her intently. 
I  I dont think Im powerful. 
You are. Remember the calming spell I thought you. Use it everyday. Powerful emotions can trigger affinity bursts and in someone with your gifts that could be devastating. I wish I had more time to teach you. 
I will do as you say Magi Locke. I promise. Was she that powerful or was it something else. Maybe her magic was different because she was from another world. Maybe that is why the device hadnt worked on her. 
They stayed in the basement behind some old chests and boxes until it was dark. Magi Locke went and checked to see if there was another way out of the building and came back to report that there was and it might help them leave undetected. He told them the citys defense shield had been activated and they would have to find one of the smugglers tunnels that had been dug in the far past to smuggle goods into and out of the city by the less then law abiding citizens. He told them he knew where three such tunnels were. The one closest was not far from where they were now. It was a harrowing night and when they finally got out of the city they found themselves in a wooded area that didnt appear to be used much. They found a cave a few hours later and they entered it to get some rest. 
When they woke, Magi Locke scouted the area outside the cave and came back saying all was clear so far. In the flight from the city in the dark they had somehow gotten on the other side of the lake. Shani was farther away then they had hoped it would be. It was a long dark hike through the forest to Shani. When they arrived they found their hometown to be a different place then when they had left. The Opia were stationed on every street it seemed. A curfew had been established and everyone was told to stay inside his or her homes. Rica could feel the tension and fear that seemed to lie over the whole area. Magi Locke told Rica and Zafira they had to get back into the woods and out of sight. Rica thought they were out of sight. Her hands were shaking and the tension she was feeling was making her body tremble. Zafira led them all to a shed by a farm field. It had equipment in it. They crowded inside while they waited for darkness to fall. Zafira was hugging her self. She looked scared too. Zafira took her shalat out of her pocket and handed it to Magi Locke. 
Do you think we could just try to call Zos? 
I dont know if they can track the signal or not. Better not take the chance. 
What do we do then? We have to find Zos and Moyo. 
We will head back to your house at night fall. It will be dangerous but its the only thing I can think of to do. 
They waited in silence until darkness came. Magi Locke opened the shed door a crack and looked out. He slowly edged his body out and looked around before signaling for the girls to follow. It was a half a mile to Zafiras house; they didnt make it the whole way. They were staying to the woods and crossing the farm fields through the watering ditches, when they heard voices. Rica froze in mid step terrified it was the Opia. Magi Locke held up his hand for silence. Zafira strained her neck and looked over the top of the ditch. Two men slide down the side of the ditch beside them. Rica let out a little yip. A hand closed over her mouth. 
SHHH. Its us. Zos whispered in her ear and then dropped his hand from her mouth. 
Where are your parents? 
They are hiding in the caves by Gorman pond. They will come out on the signal you used in your academy days. Dad told me to tell you. Zos whispered. 
Good. Ill leave you four then and head that way. Be careful. 
Always am. Zos replied. 
Magi Locke left them and ran to the cover of trees along the riverbank. Moyo and Zos led the girls the opposite direction towards the town then turned toward a farm road. They had hidden the treb in a barn there. It was almost daylight when they made it to the barn. They slept in the back of the treb for most of the day then when darkness fell they crept out using farm tracks and little used flows to get away from the Opia troops. They finally made a good start when they got on the main road twenty miles from Shani heading toward Denham. They left the main flow way shortly after gaining it when they saw troop carriers on the way. It was a two-day trip at the best of times from Shani to Denham. It took them a week using back trails and detours to get there. 

 20 - Developments

Nab thrust with his right hand weapon in a faint to try to force his opponent to make a mistake. The man fell for it and hit the blade aside to step in to make a hit, but Nab was ready for him. He turned on the ball of his left foot bringing his right leg in to kick the larger man in the abdomen. Quick as a snake he was facing him with his left hand short staff like blade. His opponent dropped his weapon and ended with his back on the ground and Nabs blade at his throat. 
Up Turner, again! Nab demanded. 
Your highness if I try again my heart will surly burst from the strain. I beg for mercy. We have been at this for hours, my muscles are twitching with exhaustion. Turner said breathlessly. 
Nab was covered in sweat and was breathing hard. Just then a page ran into the practice yard and announced Her Royal Highness Queen Pyrena DeVue requested his immediate presence in her study. Nab flushed, and not from the workout. He noticed she had dropped the Regent from her title and his good fathers last name! Nab threw his weapons at the wall with force. 
I will be there when I have had a shower and am presentable, please do tell my mother that I will be delayed. With out a backward glance he left the yard for his apartments. He was angrier than he had been in weeks. Its funny how much can go wrong in such short time. 
His mother had gotten the High Reagent of the Onur Nation and his Consort to agree to an arranged marriage between their daughter of fifteen years, and Nab for allegiance in trade and military matters. Nab knew it was to insure the Onur would not raise arms against them in the coming conflict his mother was planning. The Princess Devina was nothing more then a pawn to his mother. Keeping the girl here would insure the cooperation of the Onur Nation in whatever schemes she was cooking with the Northern Mages. Finding out if the girl was a willing participant in his mothers schemes was one of Nabs goals before he left to join the Opia Liberation Army (OLA) openly as its head. 
Ever since his Master Longmark had come to him that early autumn night, Nab had been working with the underground resistance to find a way to overthrow his mother the Queen. He had organized the mob into the beginnings of an Army to be reckoned with. Secretly training and assigning officers that were hand picked and recruited with the utmost discretion. Only a handful of people knew of Nabs involvement at this time and he had to keep it that way for a little while longer. Lately, every time Nab turned around there seemed to be someone lurking in the shadows watching him. The Queen had grown suspicious and was having him watched even more closely than ever before. The communication with his officers in the OLA had been restricted to coded messages passed through various means. Nab was playing a dangerous game and had to appear to play along with his mothers plan in an effort to keep the Onur delegation safe and to find out what exactly the Queen was up to. 
Nab had made arrangements for the underground (a sub-group of the OLA) to kidnap the Princess on her way to the Opia Capital for the wedding. At the same time he had made arrangements to travel to Denham on the pretense of buying the girl a Betrothal gift and to pick up the Runes he had commissioned from a master Rune smith for the new knife-staff he was having made for himself. If this worked out right the Princess would be traveling to Ternikla (the Capital city) the same time he was leaving for Denham. When The Queen found out about the trip to Denham she insisted on a contingent of the royal guards to accompany him for his protection, but Nab knew it was to make sure he returned to marry the girl. If everything worked out according to plan the Onur Royal Delegation would be safe and could possibly be counted on to help in the coming overthrow. 
When Nab walked into his mothers study she was sitting at her desk, General Mortan and the Magi Zeorun were sitting across from her drinking brandy. They all seemed so pleased with themselves; Nab wondered what they had been discussing. Nab stood waiting to be noticed. The two men looked at him and the General scowled the Magi smiled. The smile is what worried Nab the most. 
Well Nabarun its so nice of you to join us. His mother said in a sweet voice. 
Nab narrowed his eyes, his mother was entirely too accommodating today. She was up to something. Nab decided to play the polite game. You asked to see me mother what is this about. I have packing to do. 
Ah yes your trip to Denham. I have some documents I would like you to deliver to a certain Ambassador Smyth in Denham at the Regency Inn. I would have sent a courier but your visit was most adventitious. Im sure you wont mind will you dear. 
No mother of course not, I would be happy to accommodate you. Nab bowed toward his mother. She smiled. But there was no warmth in her eyes. His mother slipped the pouch into an Opia courier pouch with a folded letter and addressed it to the Ambassador in Denham. Nab took what she handed him. He had noticed the Imperial Seal of Onur on the edge of the documents she put into the Opia currier pouch. Why would his mother have a diplomatic pouch from the Onur nation and why would she want him to deliver it to the Opia ambassador to Denham? The pouch was magically sealed so there was no way Nab could open it to find out what it contained. Perhaps she had him deliver it to throw him off what was at hand here, her letter was not sealed though and he intended to read it as soon as he could be alone. 
Thank you Nabarun, you are such a dear son to help like this. Ill see you at the noon meal then. If his mother continued with this false sickening sweetness Nab felt he would do something reckless. 
I will be leaving before then mother. The road is long and I want to be on it before nightfall. 
Im sure you do dear but of coarse you will stay Nabarun. We mustn't be rude to our guests. She smiled again. 
Guests? 
Why, she is your betrothed of coarse dear. Oh thats right you werent here when they arrived. Nab felt a chill go down his spine. He could not let her see him react to this development. He would have to find another way to get the Royal Onur party out of the city. 
Well of coarse mother, I will be there. He nodded toward his mother and her guests and left the room. He had to contact the underground, and call off the planned activities with the Onur. Nab didnt like this change of plans, but knew he would have to stay for at least a day or two longer, to appease his mother. 
That night an announcement dinner was held. The Onur were seated at the Queens table, Nab was placed at her right, in his brothers rightful place. The Princess Devina was on his right. She sat and batted her eyes at him through out the entire coarse of the evening. Nab barely heard her go on about the dress she had chosen for the wedding, he was scanning the tables for his key officers. They were not present; though it would not be out of order for them to be absent it worried him. He had his mandatory dance with his betrothed and his mother, and the High Reagent Consort Selenta Morigan, the mother of the bride to be. He was stiff and formal, only doing what he must till he could excuse himself for the night. 
The next morning Nab spent trying to avoid the Princess, but everywhere he went she seemed to show up. He looked for his contacts at the palace but they were nowhere to be found. Nabs manservant Thomas found him in the gardens when it was time for the noon meal. 
Sir, the Princess Devina would like a word with you before lunch. She is in your office. 
Did she say what it was about? 
No sir only that it was vital that she speak with you before the noon day meal. 
Nab nodded, Very well, thank you Thomas, I wont keep her waiting. 
The Princess was standing looking out the window of the alcove setting room off his office. She was not tall but not short either. She was thin but not overly so, and when she moved she moved with a good deal of grace. It was like watching a dance the way she moved. 
Ah, Princess Devina, a pleasure. I trust I didnt keep you waiting long. Would you care for refreshment? Nab would play this cool, find out what she wanted, what side she was on. 
No thank you Your Highness. I came to talk to you. She straightened her back until she was holding herself tautly like a bow ready to be fired. Nab decided she looked nervous. Nervous was good, he could work with that. She was trying to play the worldly Princess but she was unsure of herself, inexperienced in the way life, especially the way life in this palace worked. Royal intrigue had been escalated to a fine art in Opia Nation; Devina had been spoiled by over indulgent parents, of that he was sure. She was used to getting her own way. 
Nab smiled, Well we seem to be alone, please do sit and lets  talk. He took her arm by the elbow and led her to the couch by the fireplace. He could feel her tremble at his touch. Inexperienced in love too no doubt. He speculated that she had been coddled and protected her whole life, had always had every thing she desired. She sat on the edge of the seat, her hands in her lap. He was something she had never encountered before, an equal. Her face looked strained, the color washed out. 
Princess, are you well? You look pale. 
I am fine. She spoke coolly but a quaver was there. Was this an act? He had seen her last night snap at her ladies in waiting with vicious familiarity. She was a good actor if it was. Nab reached out and took her hand. He noticed that her breathing increased. Better and better, it seemed the Princess had a crush on him, no matter the fact that his mother was obviously giving her friendly advice on how to handle him. The two had sat at the ballroom lounge for quite awhile talking last night. 
Well what brings you to me today, without your normal chaperone? She flushed. 
I have to talk to you alone. Your mother said you would be difficult. I  I didnt think she would be wrong. You are being so polite. She looked rattled, confused, but Nab would not be fooled, her reactions could be deliberate, a ruse. 
How else should I be Devina? Nab used her familiar name on purpose to further shake her. His mother had been coaching her, interesting indeed. 
You seemed so reluctant for this marriage to take place, but it is the best for our two Nations. Together we will be stronger, a force to be reckoned with. She said with fervent force. Almost word for word what his mother had been spouting. Nab forced himself to maintain control, it was not hard, he had been training all his life to be cool under pressure and this little thing was no pressure at all. He would play with her a bit he decided. 
Nab brushed her cheek with his hand gently. How have I seemed reluctant? 
At the announcement dinner you hardly spoke to me. Or even looked at me. Now she sounded more her age, the petulant child that she was. She was pouting!
I couldnt show you my eagerness in front of so many, now could I? Nab slid his arm around her waist. We are all alone now, if you want to get to know me better. He whispered his lips near her cheek. What has my lovely mother been telling you? His hands pulled her forcefully to him. She put her arms up to push him away, slapping him awkwardly across the cheek. He stood up dragging her to her feet. Nab grabbed her wrist as she tried to hit him again. 
Whats the matter Princess, isnt this the response you wished for? Nab smiled. His lip hurt where she had hit him. 
How dare you touch me in this manner? I am  
You are soon to be my wife. And I will touch you as I wish. I am Prince Nabarun of the Opia Nation not some backwater boy you are trying to impress. Grow up Princess. You are a spoiled child with fantasies of power fueled no doubt by my mothers influence. Though I think it was quick of you to fall into her plans, tell me, how long have you been talking to my dear mother? What did she promise you? Did she fill your pretty little head with visions of ruling MY Nation? Dear, dear Devina if we marry and I assume the throne, do you think you will make any decisions about my Country? You will bare MY children. You will have no say what so ever about matters of state! He spoke softly now. Dear little Devina, this will be a marriage of state. You will have my children. That is it. I dont love you. I dont know if I ever will. He touched her face. She pushed him away from her. She looked stunned then angry. 
My father - She hesitated then continued. My father wrote a letter to his man in Denham and I have told your mother of it. My father is an old fool! she stamped her foot. I will rule. So she reported to his mother about a communiqu her father wrote, now his mother wanted him to deliver it to her ambassador in Denham. Did the girl feel any remorse for betraying her father and Reagent like this? At first it looked like there had been a flicker of some deep emotion then she had put on a carefully schooled look of haughty distain. She must have practiced that look to protect herself. Maybe she did know about Palace politics after all. Though she had told him what he had wanted to know rather easily. Maybe there was hope for her. If he could show her what a nest of lies his mother had laid for her. But no, there was no time. 
Make no mistake, Princess, this marriage is one of convenience, not passion. I will lead these two Nations, be careful how you address me in future. I suggest we pretend we never had this conversation. His voice hardened, Now leave! His eyes found hers and she looked away. No doubt his mother would hear every last detail in the next few minutes. He smiled. 
Nab was up early the next morning packed and ready to leave. He walked toward the door of the garage where his single passenger treb was ready to go, when he felt someone touch his left side. Nab swung around and caught the boy as he tried to run away. The boy pushed a note into Nabs hand. Nab recognized the boy from some of the meetings with the underground and let him go. You need to work on your sneaking Sid, you could have ended with no head if I hadnt recognized you. Nab unfolded the torn note and read the one word it had written on it. All it said was Nip. Nab threw the paper into the sewer grate and continued on his way. 

 21  Denham, City of Trade

A thousand years ago Denham had started as a trade camp where the western and Northern peoples came to trade with the Eastern and Plains peoples of the Amonic Continent. It was always neutral ground where conflicts between nations were put aside in the spirit of commerce. Twenty-five years ago when the teleport crystals stopped working, the Nations of the Amonic Continent stopped converging on Denham for trade. Now only the plains, Western, and Northern people who were close traded here at their own risk. The City had shrunk from a thriving trade center to a little back of beyond outpost. Many buildings were abandoned or crumbling into ruins. The Opia still held an ambassadorial complex there for affairs of state. It was difficult to get to the Capital City of the Opia in the best of weather. Denham was much easier to travel to. 
Only the North Western part of the city was occupied with the Opia Complex and the markets where some brave soles still came to trade runes, weapons, and other goods. Denham had become a risky place to visit due to bands of thieves and mercenaries who took up residence in the deserted parts of the city, often fighting over territory. People who still came here for trade or to speak to the Opia ambassador did so with guards and a prayer. 
Some of the Rune Master-Smiths still called Denham home due to the closeness to the source of the material used in their craft. These Masters had companies of guards and only took visitors on request. The Rune Masters was a good reason to visit Denham these days. Often Denham was the only place you could commission rare runes or have them set into the item you desired to have permanently imbued with the magic of the runes. 
White stonewalls gleamed gold in the morning sun as Nabarun crested a hill and beheld the city spread out before him. Nab rode into the city with his royal guards and servant close beside him. His entourage drew curious looks for the people already out in the street. The people were bustling about heading to their various work and appointments turning a head and gazing at the new arrivals as they hurried on their way. 
The Tres-de-la-Meork was an Inn that had been in business for hundreds of years and catered to the rich and powerful. It was known across the whole of the Amonic Continent for its cuisine and security. Nabs mother always stayed on the upper floor of the Inn taking all the rooms for her entourage when she stayed here. The guards apparently thought Nab would also stay at the Tres because the treb they road in headed down the street toward the Inn. Nab turned and went toward the less notable Stormhaven Retreat where businessmen and merchants stayed. It was more relaxed and would allow him a bit of a reprieve from the verbal by play of the pretentious Tres. The guards noticed Nabs detour and hurriedly caught up with him. 
Nab parked and stepped onto the tree-lined walkway. The Captain of the guard stepped out of their treb with a scowl on his face. 
Your Highness, this Inn is not up to the Royal standards that your mother wishes you to adhere to. 
I stay where I choose Captain Simon. Make no mistake. You do as I say or you are free to leave. Nab said in a cold, hard voice broking no argument. 
Nab further irritated the Captain by insisting on checking them all in himself instead of having his man servant take care of such a mundane task as was expected. Nab had his reasons for doing what he did though. He made sure the guards were on the third floor on the west wing of the Inn while Nab was on the second floor. Nab didnt intend to stay here long, contact NIP, the underground operative active in Denham, and go to the Rune Master Smith he had commissioned his two telescoping sword staffs from. He had designed the weapons himself, when finished they would be stunningly formidable weapons. 
When Nab got into his room he sat at the desk and opened the letter his mother had put in the outside envelope of the sealed courier pouch. He unfolded the letter she had written. A chill went up his spine at what he read. Was there no line his mother would cross? He read the words again. 
My Dearest Nabarun,
It is laughable that you could possibly conceive of trying to play this game with me, and thinking you could ever win at it! I do applaud your deviousness however; you are defiantly my son. Its just so obvious that you are hopelessly overmatched in this. 
Unfortunately, you will not accomplish the pitiful task your old teacher has set you with. He was informative though he sadly did not last as long as dear Magi Zeorun had hoped. The poor magi was so distressed his entertainment was cut short he was almost inconsolable. 
You will return home Nabarun, of that I am sure. 
It was signed Your Loving Mother  The Queen
Nab sat and stared at the diplomatic pouch of the Onur nation and came to a decision. He would finish his business here as though everything was fine. Then he would take the pouch to the Onur nation himself and deliver it to someone in charge. The brother of the High Reagent what was his name. His father used to regale him with stories of their exploits at school. He would take it to him. Nab would try to make contact with the man NIP, not his real name, in Denham and send a message to the OLA and underground of what had happened to his old tutor and friend Master Longmark. There was too much at stake to give up now. Nab put the pouch in his jacket inside left pocket and hung the jacket in the closet. He changed his clothes and went down to eat dinner with the guards and his servant Thomas. 
The Captain sat across from Nab at the table they were shown to. Every time Nab looked up the Captain was looking at him. It was starting to irritate him. Conversation at the table was only between the guards and Thomas, who was telling a younger guard about a girl he was dating. Nab ate quickly and rose to leave the table. 
Your Highness, I will escort you to your rooms. The captain rose from the table and gestured for two of the guards to follow. 
No Captain, you will not. Im giving you all the night off. 
I am under the Queens orders to accompany you where ever you go and to make sure you are safe. 
You are relieved of that duty Captain. Nab snapped. 
You do not have the authority to release me from my duty sir. After you. The Captain grinned and gestured for Nab to precede him. Nab was furious but complied, not wanting to draw undue attention to them. 
When they reached Nabs rooms the Captain assigned two guards to watch his door, and bid him good night. Nab wanted to rip the smile off his face. He entered his rooms and shut the door behind him with out a glace back. He switched the light on. Nab froze in shock. His rooms were trashed. All of his things were strewn over the floor and the window in the living area was open. Nab went to the bedroom and saw his jacket on the floor by the closet. The courier pouch was gone. The only thing that was missing in all of this mess was the pouch. A torn slip of paper, folded in a particular way, was tucked in the pocket the pouch had been in. It had writing on it. Nab unfolded it and looked at the writing. It was in code. It read NIP- Danger to you- get out fast. Nab burned the paper and threw the charred bits out the open window. 
Nab dressed in his black leather armor and strapped his weapons on. He threw his matching jacket on and climbed out the window and down to the windowsill of the room below him. He jumped the rest of the way to the ground and disappeared into the night. 

 22 - Meetings

Rica ducked behind a turned over treb, that had been stripped of its runes, on the street near the market square. She took a deep breath trying to calm down and focus. Sweat trickled down the side of her face. She could hear them as they searched for her. Rica stood and made a dash to the next street and ran as fast as she could. There was a pain in her side and it was hard to breath as she frantically tried to get away from the men chasing her. Where was Zafira? She had been right next to her in the market square. Rica could hear the Big one almost on her heels now. She sprinted and pushed some barrels that were along the wall trying to create a diversion. The man had her jacket in his hands now she could feel it as he grabbed it. Rica pulled her arms out of the sleeves and rolled away. Pain exploded in her head as the man grabbed her hair and her head snapped back. Rica went with the movement and pushed back with her head as hard as she could, she could feel his nose break when her head hit it. He let go of her hair and grabbed his nose crying out in pain. Rica rolled to a standing position and ran blindly the other direction right into someone else. 
The person caught her with one arm and twirled her around; he moved her back and down telling her to stay down. Time seemed to slow to a stand still. Rica opened her mouth in astonishment as the Opia man she had run into spun around to fight off her attackers. Each of his movements a precision of deadly fluidity, he blocked their movements and countered with lightning speed and grace. Rica had never seen anyone move that way except in kung fu movies. This guy was good! He was hot too. Although he was wearing black leather armor it fit to his body like it was molded to his form. His arms were bare and she could see his muscles ripple with power every time he connected with the men. His skin gleamed golden in the sun. 

Nab hoped the girl was not injured. She was just sitting where he had told her to with her mouth open. He turned abruptly to face her attackers. They fought like street thugs. The four men surrounded Nab. This was more like it. Nab smiled. It wasnt often he had four on one competition, though these guys werent much of a challenge to him. He decided to fight without his weapons so they could have a fair fight. He laughed. He stood with his feet apart and his arms out and ready at his sides. The little kahshian feigned to his right and Nab spun and kicked him hard in the stomach. The boy went down to roll up to his feet and jump to catch Nab by the arm. Nab wasnt there however, and spun to punch him in the lower back at the same time he turned and went into a spinning back kick that connected with the big humans head. He was knocked out. Nab jumped over him and turned to duck the punch the third man directed at his head. Nab back fisted his throat and he went down gasping for air. The fourth turned and tried to run, Nab swept his feet out from under him and punched him in the face. The kahshian jumped on Nabs back and Nab flipped him off and spun kicking him in the head. The four didnt get back up. Nab checked to see if they were still alive. They would live to fight another day. 
Nab turned back to where he had left the girl. There was an amused look on her face. She stood there staring at him like he was her savior or something. Nab frowned. 
 Is this your usual amusement or is this a special occasion. Nab snapped at her. Her amused look was gone in a flash. 

 Well thank you for saving my life. Are you always this arrogant or is it just a lizard thing? 
It was at that moment Zafira ran up to them. She looked at Nab and recognition registered on her face. 
Are you all right? Zafira looked Rica over and saw the torn shirt and that her jacket was missing. There was dirt on her face and her hair was messed up. Zafira saw the four thugs on the ground; two of them were starting to come too. 
They are starting to come too, we need to get out of here. Thank you Your Highness for your timely help of my friend. Come on lets go! With that Zafira grabbed Ricas arm and started away from the scene. Nab followed them. 
Wait just one moment!
Zafira didnt stop but continued away toward the safe part of town. If anything she increased her gate to an almost run. Rica followed. 
Why did you call him Your Highness? Rica had a feeling she had just insulted someone important. 
Not now, Ill tell you later. We need to get out of here. 
Nab reached out and grabbed Ricas arm stopping her. 
I want to talk to you. 
Zafira turned around when Rica stopped. This was not going as she had hoped. 
We thank you for your help Sir, but we need to go. Zafira tried to pull Rica away from Nab. Rica pulled away from both of them. 
Hold on a sec. You are both treating me like some toy you are fighting over. I can speak for myself. And believe it or not I decide if I stop and talk to someone or not. Not either of you!
Nab let Ricas arm go. He frowned at Zafira. You will answer my questions! Who are you and why are you in such a hurry to get away? His voice was firm and low. There was a hard glint in his eyes that made Rica take a step back. There was that unmistakable pull she had felt two times before with Zafira, and Moyo. Rica fought it this time.
Who died and made you King? Rica said. She was starting to feel angry, that hot feeling was growing in her stomach. She didnt want to start a fire here and tried to calm down. But this guy was starting to tick her off. 
My father!
Wow. Really! A real live princeling coming to my rescue? Yeah right. What have you been smoking anyway? 
Zafira got a panicked look on her face. 
Rica stop! He is a prince. His Royal Highness Princess Nabarun Conkingsly of the Opia Nation. 
Wow it must be my lucky week, first a bird boy Princeling and now to top it all off a lizard Princeling. I must be special. How many princes do you have in this world anyway? No never mind. I dont want to know. 
Nab laughed out loud at that. This was entertaining. 
Were you born under a rock? Nab asked in a sugary sweet voice. Or are you so uninformed? 
Now you are insulting my intelligence? Really. Wow! Rica was feeling angry with this prince. How dare he. Yeah he had saved her, but then he had ruined it by opening his mouth and speaking. Rica threw her hands up and stalked off toward the direction she thought the market was in. She was disgusted with her own feelings and outburst as well as the arrogance of this, this PERSON. And to top it off she had to stop saying wow all the time. She just couldnt help herself. 
Where do you think you are going? Nab followed. 
Away from YOU! Rica almost yelled. Why did this guy have this effect on her? Rica asked her self. The pull she felt towards him was like the one she had felt before for Zafira and then again for Moyo. What was happening to her? Zafira followed them not knowing what to do. 
Stop following me! Rica snapped at Nab. 
Nab didnt stop and to top it off chuckled at her. You are heading toward the slums. Not a place I would want to go if I were an innocent girl who has no idea of the status quo. Nab said conversationally. 
Then just stop following me! Rica snapped. 
No. I dont think I will. This is the most fun I have had in a long time. Besides you need me. Nab replied. 
Rica stopped. Nab stopped with her. Zafira almost ran into Ricas back. Rica noticed she had her jacket in her hands, she must have gone and picked it up for her. 
Ok Princy Boy, what do you want? Rica said sarcastically. 

Nab had to find a way out of the city with out his guards knowing, this girl could be his ticket out and away from the machinations of his mother. He was intrigued by her volatile mood swings, and the fact that she was not impressed by his title or status. This was a new experience for him; always people had treated him like a god or had feared him. But what could he tell her that she would believe? He needed the cover this girl and her friends would provide. 
What do I want? Hmm interesting question. It looks like you are traveling, and can get yourself into a lot of trouble. I am on a sabbatical of sorts. Would you allow me to escort you? Besides who else is going to protect you from the thugs and muggers? Nabs eyes glinted with amusement and some unidentifiable emotion. 

His sour attitude seemed to disappear behind the flirting mask. She didnt like the cat ate the canary look. But he did have a point. He had saved her, and looked good doing it. Heat crept up her neck and face. Why was she so attracted to him? Rica quashed the gooey feelings and answered with a harsh tone. 
Fine, since you insist on following me. And it doesnt look like I can get rid of you anyway, you can come along if you want. Rica looked anywhere but at him. Zafira looked a little sick, or was that shock?
Excellent! I have to pick up some weapons I had commissioned, would you do me the honor of accompanying me? Nab smiled and gave a little bow. Zafira stifled a sound that sounded like a squeak. 
Rica and Zafira followed Nab as he went to the Rune Smiths shop. The rune smiths had guards always on duty to keep the unsavory elements of the city away. The guards posted at the door moved out of the way as Nab approached and indicated that he was expected. When Nab opened the ornate wooden box that held the Sword-staffs the crystal inlays burst into brilliant color that was almost blinding. Nab gasped in surprise. The master smith looked as shocked as Nab. Rica felt her face blush again. 
Oops, sorry. Rica could feel her face and neck heat up. She must look like a beet. 
Why apologize? Nab asked. 
I seem to have that effect on crystals. They all glow like that when Im near them. 	
Rica you dont want to go around telling everyone that! Zafira whispered urgently in Ricas ear. 
That is extraordinary. Nab looked at Rica with a calculatingly thoughtful look, he seemed to come to a conclusion. Since my business is finished here, I think it best if we leave. After you ladies. Nab closed the wooden box and tucked it under one arm. The sooner he could get out of here the better. He didnt think any of the guards had seen the display of the girls fantastic affinities to the crystal inlays, but he didnt want to take a chance. They were just to close to the Opia Nation and his mother. She had been looking for a girl with dark red hair and a great deal of power. It seemed he had stumbled on to his mothers most sought after prize. The sooner they were away the better. 
Wait! Just one more moment please your Highness. I have something else I was working on when I made your weapons. It was only an experiment but I think it would suit your friend. It is a telescoping staff weapon with the same crystal inlays and runes as the weapons I made for you. I made it when I was working out how yours would function. Its a light weapon more suited for a woman and with her affinities it could be formidable indeed. It would honor me if you took it for your lady perhaps for a gift. 
How much for the staff? This was going to cost him more than he had planned. But the smith had always done excellent work and Nab could count on his discretion. It wouldnt hurt to look at the staff. 
I have no female clients who would order such a weapon, so I could let it go for a reasonable amount. 
How reasonable? 
Say a quarter of the cost of one of yours, if it please your Highness. He bowed. 
Lets see the staff first then we can come to an understanding. Times must truly be hard for the old smith if he was trying to shake Nab down. 
With that the smith went into another room returning with a short length of metal in a leather case. He took it out and handed it to Rica. The crystal dust on the center of the weapon glowed furiously. It was not as beautiful a weapon as the ones Nab had but it was stunning with the glowing kaleidoscope of colors. The Smith showed Rica how to activate the weapons telescoping features and then bound two runes to the weapon making it unbreakable and accurate. When Rica took the weapon and tried it out it felt light and fit to her hands as though it had been made for her. She deactivated it and put it into its leather case. The case could be fastened to her back with a harness. She would have to look for one on the road. 
Nab thanked the Master Rune Smith and paid him his price. Then the three left to find Zosimo and Moyo. Rica did not know what to make of Nab. One moment he was saving her from serious harm and the next he was being a total ass. He was cute though in an arrogant, sarcastic sort of way. Rica sighed. Moyo was the opposite in personality to Nab. Moyo was nice, polite and deadly with a bow. As far as she could see Moyo never lost his cool or raised his voice. He was handsome and sweet; people followed him because they wanted to please him. Nab on the other hand. Well he was volatile; people in Nabs life probably feared him and served him out of that fear. Rica glanced at Zafira out of the corner of her eye. Zafira was not happy with Nab coming with them but she didnt say anything to Rica. Rica could tell she was upset though; her aura was in the red zone. And Rica didnt blame her, since it was Opia soldiers who had taken the Capital of the Kahsha Nation and killed their President. Nab would take watching and Rica decided she didnt mind watching him at all. She felt herself blush again as they entered the abandoned warehouse where they had been staying. 
We have someone with us Zos, Moyo. Zafira called as they walked into the dim interior. Moyo flew down from the upper landing and put his bow back across his back. He did not look happy. Rica had never seen him frown but he was doing it now. Zosimo stepped out of the shadows of a pile of empty crates, his staff in hand. The auras of all were guarded, tense walls of light.
What did you do Zafira? Kidnap the Opia Prince? 
Dont be ridiculous Zos. He saved Rica from a bunch of street thugs near the market. He wants to come with us. Rica agreed to let him. Not we agreed, Rica. Zafira was not pleased with the situation at all. Nab stood tensely not saying anything it all. His aura was tight to his body, gold and steel grey. What did that mean? Rica couldnt feel anything from him. 
He is a good fighter and wanted to come with us. He saved my life! Rica did not want to argue with her friends but it looked like it was unavoidable. 
Look everyone, I just want to get home. I dont want to cause trouble with any of you. Maybe if you just pointed me in the right direction I could go on my own. Rica was feeling panicky and didnt want to go on her own into this dangerous world but she didnt want a fight between these people who had done so much for her. 
Thats not an option. I will accompany you as I said I would. Moyo said firmly. There was no room for argument in his voice. 
I didnt want to cause any strife between you. But I want to leave this place and you are in need of protection it would seem. Nab said in a tense voice. 
What is it you are running from Conkingsly? Moyo asked. 
I find I need to be somewhere else than in my home. It is none of your concern why de Curria! Nab snapped at Moyo. 
I think it is of the utmost concern to all of us. We dont want to attract attention from the wrong people. And you would draw them to us just by being who you are. 
I will travel under a false name. No one will know who I am. This is ridiculous. 
You sir attract attention by just breathing. Your manner, your armor, even your way of speaking: you could not hide yourself if you wanted to. 
And you can? Nab scoffed and gestured to Moyos wings. 
Oh my god! Just stop the both of you! Rica yelled. She had her hands up between them both. A glow was coming from her hands. Everyone seemed to gasp at the same time when they saw it. Rica looked at them all in puzzlement. 
What? 
Your hands. What are you intending to do? Nab said gruffly. 
Shit! I didnt mean to do that and Im not even sure what it is I did to make them glow. But I know this. You are both ticking me off!
Nab had his left sword half way out of its sheath. Moyo took a step back. 
Look everyone just chill ok? 
Nab frowned at Rica like she was speaking another language. And she was sort of. 
Please we can find a way for this to work. Nab wants out of what ever it is he wants out of and I need to get home. Im willing to take a chance on him. Maybe Im wrong to do that but I dont think so. If any of you dont want to continue with me because of him thats fine. Thank you for what you have done and lets just go our separate ways. 
I will stay. Zafira said. 
As will I. Moyo said. 
I will as well. Nab said firmly. 
Everyone turned and looked at Zosimo. He stood there looking at Rica. His eyes narrowed. 
I think I will leave you here. I dont want to go with him. 
Dad wanted us to stay together Zos. Zafira said forcefully. 
Then come with me Zafira! She isnt worth our lives!
She is my responsibility! You promised to help. 
Fine, Ill go but know this Prince Nabarun I will be watching you. One false move and -
And what? Nab took a step forward menacingly. You would not stand a chance Kahshian. 
Im beginning to think this is a bad idea. Can you just stop threatening people? If you want to travel with us thats fine but you have to at least try to get along with us. Rica was not happy at all with this whole confrontation, and posturing of the males in the room. God men could be such a pain sometimes. 
A loud noise like that of crashing crates against stone came from the outside. Moyo looked toward the sound and held up his hand for quite. He used his camouflage stone and went to a door and looked out. He returned and became visible again. 
It seems you were followed. There are about ten of the local thugs out there. Some of them look as though they were in a fight. 
It must be the ones that attacked me. Rica was feeling tension build in her head. Instead of trying to calm down she used it to focus a feeling of heat toward the back wall. Fire leapt up the wall hungrily. 
I started the warehouse on fire. I hope the smoke will hide us. Lets get out of here. Then she headed toward the opposite wall where loose boards had been removed the night before. Night was falling and it would soon be hard to see. Rica didnt wait to see if any one was following her but ran to the opening and squeezed out. Nab was right behind her. Zosimo was close by Nab. Where were Zafira and Moyo? No time to find out, she ran to the gutted building next to the warehouse and ducked behind a fallen wall. A man jumped out of the shadows and Nab punched him. Rica could hear them scuffle she didnt wait to see the outcome. Rica dove behind a big metal container and caught her breath. Nab and Zosimo didnt follow her. She looked back the way she had come but couldnt see them. She decided to just get out of there. They would find her she was sure of it. It still didnt feel right to just leave like that, but the whole area was starting to smoke and flames were shooting out of most of the buildings around the warehouse they had been in. It was getting hard to breath. Rica turned one last time before leaving the warehouses to glance behind her. She saw a lone man staring at her two blocks away. He was holding a device in his hand. It glowed. Rica turned and ran hoping with all her might that he hadnt seen her. The hair on the nap of her neck stood on end and she ran blindly out into the darkness. 
At the next street she saw the main road lit by lamps. She jogged that way till she came to the wall. There were many breaks in the wall now and she found one and went through it onto a road and continued out. 

 23 - Betrayed

Rica stopped running when trees and darkness surrounded her. She could not see where she was going and had fallen several times. Rica listened, but could not hear any of her friends. She dared not call out for fear the people chasing them would hear her. She lay on the ground gasping for breath. After a few moments she heard the stumbling steps of someone else about ten feet away by the sound of it. Rica cautiously came up to her feet. 
Rica? Came the whispered voice of Zafira. Relief flooded through her. 
Here! Rica whispered back. 
Do you know where the others are? Zafira sounded closer now. 
No, youre the first one Ive come across. Should I summon a light? 
No better not. Just in case those thugs are close. Zafira was close enough to touch now and Rica could make her white shirt out in the starlight. It wouldnt be long before the moons rose then they would be able to see and be seen. 
Lets try to find some cover. Rica felt nervous out here in the dark open. 
We cant see to find any. I think we should just say here. 
They waited for what felt like hours when the first light of the smaller moon topped the trees. They were in an open rocky area near the flow way to Opia Nation from what Rica could figure out. She stood and started toward a group of trees near the road. Zafira followed. They ducked under the drooping branches and sat near the trunk. They could see out but it would be hard for anyone to see them where they were. Rica felt a little better there. 
It wasnt long before they heard the sound of footsteps crunching on gravel. Rica could make out Moyo and Nab in the dim light of the moons. Moyo was limping. Rica stood as well as she could to look down the flow way. There was no sign of Zos. 
Moyo, we are in here. Zafira called as quietly as she could and still be heard. Nab and Moyo stopped and looked in their direction. Rica pushed out of the branches and stepped up onto the road. 
Where is Zos? 
We were jumped and had to fight. I dont know where Zos is. We did look around but couldnt find him. The whole block of empty warehouses and buildings are burning. The town has called the fire control out. If he is there he is probably hiding from them. Rica starting that fire was not a wise move. Magic fires are not easily put out they feed on the magic of the area. I tried to dampen it but it was out of control by the time we got done fighting. Moyo frowned at Rica. Rica felt her stomach tighten. She had only been trying to make a diversion. They had wanted her to practice her magic and she had started the campfires that whole week. Rica looked over the small hill and down at the town. The glow of the fire was evident and getting bigger. Crap! It seemed everything she did was wrong. Now the usually sweet Moyo was angry with her!
Im sorry. I was only trying to get us out of there. 
I know- Moyo started. 
We cant stand here chastising the girl, lets get out of here and off the flow way before the guard comes to look for who is out here. They will know it was a started fire by the magic signature. Nab said and started off as though he expected everyone to follow him unquestioningly. 
I saw a man in robes with some kind of device when I ran out of there. I think he saw me. Rica said. 
That settles it then. Nab said. 
Moyo looked rebellious, Zafira sighed in resignation as though she had expected this. Rica put her hands on her hips and scowled at Nab. Who did he think he was anyway?
We have a missing man. We arent going anywhere without him. Im going back to find him. With that she turned and strode down the road toward Denham again. Moyo was the one to grab her arm this time. Men!
No Rica that is not a good idea. If that was a mage you saw he would be able to track you. We cant just walk in there and look for Zos. We need to wait and let things die down a bit. He can take care of himself. He wasnt hurt as far as we know. He just took off. 
Rica pulled her arm out of his grasp and turned to look at him. He didnt look angry just concerned. Maybe he was right. Just about then the guards showed up and chaos erupted around them. Rica didnt take time to count them but it looked like over six guards and Zosimo! He pointed at Nab and said. 
There he is. He started the fire. 
Zos what are you doing? Zafira asked, the look of betrayal on her face. 
What you should have done. He Zos gestured violently at Nab, shouldnt have been with us. Zos was clearly angry with her. He didnt look at Rica. 
The guard Captain smiled maliciously at Zosimo. In a guttural tone he said, Thank you this is just who we were looking for. The Captain walked up behind Zos, and hit him on the back of his legs with his baton, bringing him down to the ground. The Captains movement had been so fast and unexpected Zosimo had an astonished look on his face. They were surrounded. 
Your Highness. The Captain bowed to Nab, a sneer on his face. 
Captain Simon. You will release these people. They are none of your concern. Nab said, his voice hard and cold. It sent a chill down Ricas spine. 
Oh no princeling. They will come with us back to Ternikla, as will you. This girl is the one your mother is looking for. I do believe I will be promoted for this little catch. The Captain was pleased with himself. 
Restrain them all. Two of the guards pulled what looked a lot like hand cuffs out of their belt pouches and grabbed Zafiras wrists pulling her arms behind her back. Rica reacted in fear. Her skin tingled with electricity and a bolt shot out of her hand to hit the guard full in the chest. Nab pulled his weapons, the crystals in the handles glowing brilliantly, effectively blinding everyone. The Captain had his sword out and engaged Nab with it. Rica shot another jolt at the guard holding Moyo. When Moyo was free he joined in the fight with fury. Rica grabbed her new staff out of its case at her belt and elongated it. She had learned a bit of staff work in Jamara at the dojo Zos practiced at. But she was clearly not up to this kind of fight. She hit at a guard and he easily blocked it coming in close to try to take it away from her. Rica backed up and tripped over a root sticking out of the flow way growth, falling hard onto to her bottom. The guard still had a hold of the staff and Rica used the momentum to drag him down but he resisted as though he had expected it. Rica pulled on the staff but the guard held it firmly. Moyo slammed his shoulder into the man and he fell on top of Rica. Rica tried to roll away but was penned now. Moyo hit the guard on the back of the head with his fist. The man let go of the staff. Rica kneed him in the groin and he doubled up. It was good to see some things were universal. Moyo dragged the man off and punched him again, the guard crumpled to the ground unconscious. 
Moyo turned to help Zafira who was struggling with another of the guards when another guard tackled him and he fell to the ground but grabbed the man and flipped him over his body. Then rose in one smooth motion. The guard who had tackled him had a weapon out. It was a round disk. Rica concentrated on the man and electricity but nothing happened. She had to get this magic stuff down. Rica picked up a big rock and threw it at the mans head. It connected with a hollow thunk and the guard went down. Moyo went to Zafiras aid. When the fight ended the Captain and three of the guards were dead. The others were unconscious. Nab went to one of the guards that was alive still. It was plain what he intended to do with his dagger out. Rica felt ill. 
No! They are unconscious just leave them. Rica said. 
They will awaken and it would not be long before the whole of the Opia Nation are on us. We cant leave them alive. Like it or not this is war. I dont know how you are involved yet but you are. My mother will stop at nothing to get what she wants. 
No! You will not kill them. Tie them up and leave them under the tree. By the time they are discovered we will be long gone. Rica spoke every word with the force of her conviction. 
They die! Nab said in an equally forceful voice. 
No! These people were following orders. They were not the ones who gave those orders. If you go around killing your own people, no matter that they attacked you or not, sooner or later you will turn around to find your self all alone. They would not follow you for long if you do this. I know I wouldnt. And you wont be welcome to come with me either. Rica stood firm her hands on her hips clinched into white knuckled fists. She was shaking with emotion. 
Nab looked at her in surprise then bowed. Very well, we will do this your way. 
Help me get these bodys off the flow way. Drag them under that tree you were hiding in. No one will spot them there right away. Nab commanded. Everyone jumped to follow his orders. When they finished Zafira noticed Zos was not with them. 
Zosimo was nowhere to be found. Moyo and Nab agreed that they couldnt take the risk to go searching for him. They got off the way then and walked through the woods surrounding the area until Rica felt her legs would fall off. She was exhausted emotionally and physically. This lizard prince would take watching, he was as cold as a snake to consider killing those men while they were helpless. Cute he was, and cold as ice. Rica you know how to pick them. She beat herself up with inner dialog as they trudged through the dark woods. 
 24  On the Run

Moyo flew up to scout the area, checking if there was any pursuit. The air was cold and he shivered as he climbed into the air above the trees. It was hard to try to stay in one spot hovering so he flew in a slow circle looking around at where they were in relation to Denham. He spotted two of the main flows that led into the City and thought he saw movement on one of them. He camouflaged himself and flew higher and toward the way. Three Opia Troop carriers were heading away from the city. Were they after them or going somewhere else?
Moyo flew back to the group and landed. Camouflaging and flying was exhausting, he would have to store the spell in his ruin next time to save energy but it would limit the time he was concealed to two hours. Moyo told Zafira and the others what he had seen. There were farms not far from where they were and the road to the pass. Nab wasnt to concerned about the troop carriers and said his mother had been massing troops along the boarder for months so they could be part of her plans. 
They all agreed to try one of the farms and see if they could get some supplies and transportation. The way was the fastest way to the west, and it was a long way yet to go. They packed what they had and started toward the flow way. 
Lets parallel the flow just in case some one is looking for us still. Rica suggested. 
Make no mistake they are looking for us. Nab said. We will parallel the flow and stay in the cover the trees provide until we can get transportation. 
Rica was glad she still had her purple jacket with her and shivered in the cool air. It would be the dead of winter back home; but here fall had just changed the colors of the trees. It was comforting to see the leaves in bright orange and yellow. Fall was Ricas favorite time of year, then she started thinking about Halloween and Thanksgiving and Christmas, Rica could feel her eyes start to water and a tightness grow in her chest as though something was squeezing her. Rica looked away from everyone so they wouldnt see her lip tremble. Thats when she tripped over the log and fell flat on her face. Zafira was quick to come and help her up but still it was embarrassing nonetheless. When she started out again after brushing most of the leaves and grass off a pain shot from her ankle up to her knee. She yelped. 
Ouch! I think I twisted my ankle. Rica stopped with the injured foot raised. 
Let me take a look Rica here set on that log there and Ill see what I can do. Zafira was all business. Rica sat on the log and watched as Zafira examined the ankle. Then she used her affinity to start the healing process and speed it along. Rica could feel what she was doing on a basic level. It seemed to call to her, and suddenly she knew how to do what Zafira was doing and helped the process along with her own magic. The result was nothing short of a miracle. The pain was simply gone! Nabs eyes narrowed and he frowned. First this girl had demonstrated the red affinity and now the green. As far as he knew those two never manifested together. And Moyo was teaching her to use the blue of vision and camouflage that would bring her affinities to three. Unbelievable! There was much to consider with this strange girl who sometimes spoke in peculiar ways. Nab looked away before anyone caught his contemplative look. 
We need to get going if the ankle is healed. Dark comes early in the mountains. 
Right as rain! Rica proclaimed. Nab shook his head. Moyo smiled at her and walked beside her. 
While they were walking Moyo stayed at her side. When the others were slightly ahead he bent toward her and whispered. 
I feel a sadness around you. Is everything alright? 
Yeah Im ok. Just homesick I guess. 
That is understandable. If you ever want to talk, Ill listen. 
They caught up with Zafira and Nab at the edge of the road. Nab was looking around to see if he saw lights or any kind of people about. 
Moyo fly up and see if any one is on the flow way. Nab commanded. 
Moyo frowned. He did that a lot when Nab ordered him around, but he complied, camouflaging himself and flying up to get a good view around. He flew back down to report it was all clear, and everyone stepped out onto the short growing greenery of the flow. Nab led the way toward what Moyo had said looked like someones farm around five miles or so away. When they got to the drive way it was full dark. Lights were on in the house. Moyo and Nab whispered back and forth for a bit and then Moyo stepped toward the house and knocked at the door while the rest hid behind the fence surrounding the yard. After a little bit the door opened and Moyo talked to the Opia man who had answered the knock. Then he stepped inside the house and the door closed behind him. They waited tensely for Moyo to return and then he stepped out smiling and waved to the two people at the door. Everything seemed to be ok. Moyo walked down to the gate and opened it and continued as though no one else was there. Everyone stayed still. Rica could see the drapes open a bit as though someone was looking out. 
He continued down the road to the bend and then sat down behind a tree waiting for the rest to get to him. It was after he disappeared from view that the drapes closed and Rica and the rest could join him. He had a plastic sack with vegetables and hard-boiled eggs in it. Well that was something at least. Then he told them that there was a Treb dealer in the next town and Nab and he argued the risks of buying one there. Moyo said they didnt know he was with them and if he went alone to buy one it might be ok. Rica mentioned that Zos could have told people that Moyo was with them. Zafira looked at Rica as though she had hit her in the face when she said it and Rica felt bad. Moyo thought it was worth the risk to get transportation. They walked into the woods again to spend another cold night huddled together. At least they had something to eat this time, though cold vegetables were not what Rica wished for. Moyo tried to teach her to dream speak he called it. It was a little like telepathy, except in a trance like sleep, from the science fiction books and movies Rica would read or watch. Try as she did Rica was unable to accomplish what Moyo tried to teach her. She was just too tired. 
The next morning they split the eggs and finished the rest of the vegetables. Rica didnt know what else to call them, but they sure didnt look like the vegetables from home. The things that tasted like carrots were purple and round. Rica liked the purple carrots and would miss them when she got back to earth. The eggs were green with red speckles and much larger then the ones at home. They tasted a little different too though not bad just different. It was funny how you missed the little things you took for granted. Rica glanced at Zafira and saw her sad faraway look. Maybe she wasnt the only one with problems here. Rica thought about what she could say to Zafira about Zoss betrayal and everything she thought of sounded lame. Rica took a deep breath. Lame sounding aside she had to say something to let Zafira know that in her book Zafira was still like a sister to her. 
Zafira - I- I just wanted to say Im sorry about what happened. With Zos I mean. 
Stop. I dont want to talk about it. Least of all to you Rica. 
Rica felt like Zafira had slapped her. What she had said hurt deeply least of all, least of all what did that mean?
What do you mean least of all to me? Zafira? It wasnt my fault Zos did what he did. 
Wasnt it? All of this happened because you fell onto this world. We wouldnt have been here, Zos wouldnt have done what he did if you hadnt come into our lives. 
Nab watched intently while the two girls faced off against each other. Time to jump into the fray. No thats true Zafira you wouldnt be here. You would probably be dead right now. My mother has been planning to take Kahsha Nation for some time now. If Rica hadnt been there and you hadnt tried to help her you would be dead or worse right now. 
No one asked you Prince! Zafira yelled at Nab, her hands clinching and unclenching. 
If you continue yelling you could still be where you would have been. Dead. We arent that far from the flow and we are in The Opia Nation in case you forgot. 
Zafira - Rica started to reach out to touch her. Zafira pulled back as though she had been burned. 
Dont! was all she said. 
We need to move. Now! Moyo said in a firm voice. 
Everyone started following Moyo and soon they were near the flow again and following it toward the town. No one looked at one another. No one spoke. Rica felt crushed that she had somehow caused all of this to the people she had started to love like family. 
The town was situated on both sides of the flow. There was a place to stay and eat. There were shops for cloths and supplies like food and such. It was maybe a town of 20,000 people Rica guessed. It was going to be hard to sneak past this one. There were a lot of trebs on the road and Opia troops all over the place. A group of the troops were at a fast food place. Maybe they were just stopping on the way to somewhere to get something to eat. Rica hoped that was it. They waited outside of town in the woods. From where they were they couldnt see the town. Nab was not happy but this time Moyo won the argument. Moyo put his camouflage spell in his ruin in the bracelet on his wrist and headed into town. Nab paced back and forth until Rica thought she would scream from the tension she was feeling. Zafira sat away form them and seemed to want to be alone. When it was full night and no Moyo, Nab decided it was time to go find him. He wanted Zafira and Rica to wait for him but Rica decided no. They needed to stay together. Thats when Moyo flew into the mist of them. 
Where have you been? Nab demanded. 
Buying a Treb. Moyo snapped back. 
Well where is it then? 
Parked on the side of the flow. Do you think I could drive it up here? 
Ok, Ok you guys stop. You are worse then the Campbell twins I used to babysit! Rica was tired and cranky and didnt want to hear them fight anymore. 
Moyo looked at Rica contritely. Sorry, you are right we are acting like children. Lets get to the Treb and be on our way. 
Nab looked rebellious. But followed them to the flow and climbed in the old Treb silently. There was a delicious smell coming from three bags on the seat. Moyo handed them each one with a smile and then told them there were blankets in the back to cover up with while they drove through town. They all ate first then they covered up and lay flat for the drive through town. They made it and soon Moyo told them it was clear and they could sit up. Zafira had fallen asleep. When the excitement wore off and every one was so tired they could not go on Moyo pulled off the road and parked behind some trees and brush. As soon as they stopped Rica curled up with her jacket balled up under her head and fell asleep. 
The next morning Rica woke up first. She had to use the bathroom and got out of the treb and walked into the forest with her staff to light her way. She didnt want to use magic in case it could be tracked. It was still dark just before dawn. Rica was tired and wasnt looking or paying much attention. She just wanted to relieve herself. She didnt hear the men come up behind her. She heard a pop and then was choking on some kind of gas. It was only seconds after she inhaled the gas before she crumpled to the ground her staff lost in the leaves of the forest floor. 

 25 - Captured

Rica hurt all over. Muscles she didnt even know she had hurt. Stretching was out of the question; the bindings the men had tied her with were tight. There seemed to be about ten inches of rope tying her hands to her feet, she could not straighten out. The thin one with the robes must be a magi, he bossed the others around and seemed pleased with his catch. His aura riled like red and black snakes, the sensations made her stomach do flip-flops. The feelings she got from him were confusing, fear, anger, and pleasure and twisted around. Her head hurt badly. How she had gotten in this predicament was a blur. All she could remember was falling, and not being able to think straight. Then she woke up tied and bouncing in the back of some kind of utility treb. What had Zos called them? Oh yeah trevals. She had gone into the woods to go to the bathroom and she had heard a sound behind her. Next thing she knew she was falling. 
Where were Nab and Moyo? She hoped they could find her. Her magic didnt seem to work right. This was not like at the academy where she had felt the band and broke it. This was a mix of cloying darkness and hard steel. Had they changed the spell? Was it a different one? She had tried to burn her bonds to no avail. Every time she tried to use magic it made her head hurt. Bad! She soon gave up trying. She also could not see where she was going lying in the back of this treval with a blanket over her head. This was the second day after her capture, and the air was getting colder. She couldnt feel her hands or feet anymore. But her legs and arms made up for it in cramping pain and total agony. All she could do was try not to cry and listen to what the men were saying. One of them a big Opia man named Tomkin brought her water and took her to use the bathroom. He treated her kindly, well better then the others did. She sensed he didnt want to be there. He wasnt a bad man just a desperate one.
Mostly the men complained about not being paid and having to put up with the little shippa. Rica assumed that shippa was some kind of bad word for the magi. The Magi on the other hand would untie her feet twice a day for about ten minutes and then her hands so she could eat what he gave her. The food was cold but not awful. The first time he had come she had tried not to eat it. He had hurt her. Rica learned quickly she had to eat it or suffer. The Magi didnt say anything to her except for Eat this. And Dont try to run away. As if Rica could run. Her muscles were so cramped it was a wonder she could even move. That first night she cried most of the night. Tonight would be different she promised herself. She had to find a way out of this. 
When they stopped to use the bathroom Rica tried to call out loud enough to be heard over the gag in her mouth. The Magi must have heard her and flipped the blanket off her head. The light coming in the window hurt her eyes and she blinked. He untied her gag and offered her water. He looked worried. Rica drank spilling most of the water down her chin to her chest. She shivered. The fear he felt wrapped around her making it hard to think. Why was he so afraid?
Please. I promise not to try to run away. Please untie my legs from my arms. It hurts so bad I can hardly stand it. Rica sobbed at the end, so much for her resolve to be brave. The Magi looked at her a moment then seemed to come to a decision and untied her legs from her arms. Rica cried out when she straightened them. It hurt so much she could not think of anything but the pain. 
Make one wrong move and you will regret you were ever born. The thin man said. Rica nodded. He grabbed her under her arms and pulled her up to a seat. Then he sat across from her. Rica felt the tears run down her face but couldnt seem to stop them no matter what she told herself. 
When they started out again the feeling was coming back into her hands and feet and the electric like needles of pain kept her from hearing anything the men were saying. Soon though the pain stopped and she could listen. The Magi was telling the current driver they were wasting too much time and that he would flay him alive if they were delayed anymore. Rica believed him. 
When she could steal a glance out the window she saw they were in the mountains but not the same ones she had been in when they took her. They looked different, snow covered the tops and the trees were strange. They were tall wispy looking trees with white see through blooms that were huge. The trees themselves were tall with white bark and grey leaves. Alien looking landscape was all Rica could think of. The snow started falling and the Magi cursed. The other men were nervous and did what ever the Magi commanded. They were afraid of him too Rica realized. Maybe she could convince one of them to let her go. No dumb thought they were too afraid to even think for them selves. 
As the treval bounced along, which was weird because they floated, Rica started to nod off and had the strangest dream. Moyo was in it trying to say something to her, then her head would explode in pain and she would wake up. The pain was like when she had tried to use her magic. Hope surged though her. Moyo was trying to dream speak her! Next time it happened she would try to send him a vision of where they were. The snow was falling fast and the dirt road they were on was narrow and didnt look like it had been maintained at all. This was truly a road like on Earth. No greenery growing on it, just gravel and dirt. In some places small white trees had started in the middle of the road. The Magi used some kind of oblong box to suppress the trees he said. He had the men dig the trees up and throw them off the road. The treval they were in had damaged ruins the big Opia man named Tomkin said. They would have to hurry or be stuck there. The treval would only float a foot above the dirt of the road and would not float on the snow so the front end was always running into the snow that was rapidly getting deeper. The thin human man Rica thought was a Magi ordered two of the men to shovel the snow away from the front of the treval. If this hadnt been so serious of a situation Rica would have laughed. The men were afraid of the little trees and were getting tired of shoveling the snow. Rica bided her time; it wouldnt be long before they were stuck again. 
The next time Rica got an opportunity to contact Moyo came when the treval got stuck in the snow again. Rica went in to the vision trance like Moyo had taught her and carefully remembered what she could of the road and the mountains of the snow falling and the dirt road, the strange trees and the men who held her captive. A feeling of acknowledgement washed over her, thats when the Magi slapped her hard across her face. Rica was stunned by the Magis blow. 
I told you no magic little girl. Now you will pay the price for disobedience. The Magi hit her again and cast a spell at her. Rica felt like her skin was being pulled from her body and she screamed and screamed. When he stopped he readjusted the ruin on her wrist binding. Something about that ruin was preventing her from using her magic or resisting his. But the ruin was smoking now and looked as though it would shatter. Rica sobbed as he tied her arms and legs back up and tossed her back into the back of the treb again. 
Doesnt he want her alive? The big Opia man said to the Magi. 
It is none of your concern what he does or doesnt want. Careful you dont enjoy my displeasure Tomkin. I could easily feed you to the Flitter trees. I suggest you get back to work! The last of that was spaced, every word said with cruel intensity. The big man turned and went back to shoveling snow. All Rica focused on was flitter trees. A clue for Moyo next time, she was determined to send that message to him no matter the cost. She forced her self to calm and into the vision trance and sent it fast to him. He was close now she could feel it. The Magi didnt notice the message she had sent. Maybe it was too short a one to register or the rune had failed altogether. Rica tentatively tried to burn her bonds and they snapped apart! She lay still waiting for the Magis wrath, but it didnt come. Now the bindings holding her legs together and then her arms and hands. Yes! She was free of the ropes and they hadnt noticed. The Magi was watching the men try to get the treb free of the snow. Rica carefully brought her hands up in front of her and messaged her wrists slowly so as not to draw attention. 
Thunk, thunk, the sound of arrows hitting flesh came clearly to Ricas straining ears. Moyo! Rica could hear the battle being waged outside the treb. She struggled to stand and cried out in pain, this would take time that she didnt have to get the feeling back into her legs and feet. The back door opened and Zafira climbed into the treb. Rica started toward her but Zafira gestured for her to stay there. Zafira used her healing arts on her. Rica tried to help but was not able to. 
Soon the battle was over and Nab had Tomkin up against the side of the treval outside. He was questioning him. Moyo was also firing questions at the man. He begged to be let go, promising he wouldnt say anything to anyone. Then he started talking. Telling them about some Big high up Magi in Semlor by the name of Jarath. That Rica was gifted in the affinities and had traced a power surge to her, and then he was talking nonsense about Ricas mother being up there. Ricas mother was on Earth the man was clearly insane! When they had gotten all the information they were going to Nab put his knife to the mans throat and looked at Rica. 
No. He was the only one who was the least bit kind to me. Please just knock him out or something. Dont kill him. The man looked at her, thanks in his eyes. 
Nab shook his head. As you wish. 
Zafira got a blanket and covered the man when he was unconscious so he wouldnt freeze to death. 
Do you want to leave food for him too, or weapons? Nab was clearly upset over the blanket, and was frowning at Zafira. 
No. But Rica wants him alive. And the blanket will make sure he stays that way. 
Lets go, before you want us to take him with us. Nab said in disgust. 
Moyo flew back to where they had left their treb and brought it up to the scene of the battle. Nab was worried about the flitter trees too. 
What is so bad about the trees they look ok? Rica was puzzled. 
Zafira explained it. Those trees were created in the last War of the Affinities when the wastes were created. They are deadly. Those blossoms launch out and wrap around the victim. There are thorns inside that puncher and inject a toxin in to the body. Then the blossom squeezes and tares the body apart. The body then is digested in a matter of weeks. The cord connecting the blossom to the tree is long and near unbreakable. We have smaller ones at home. You remember those little plants we put out around the garden? Those were these trees smaller cousins. We use ours to catch pests that would other wise eat the plants in the garden. Rica shivered. 
Well these trees will make the matter of getting rid of this mess all the easier. Lets drag the bodies over close enough for the trees to get them. 
Wait! The Magi had a little box thing he used to suppress the trees he said. Maybe we could use it so the trees wont get us. When you drag the bodies I mean. Rica flushed. 
Nab bent over the body of the Magi and retrieved several things from him, the tree suppressor box, a packet of money, and a sealed container. 
Got it. Nab said straightening up. 
Here, I found your staff in the woods where they took you. Nab handed Rica her staff and turned to fiddle with the box. Then Moyo and he started dragging the bodies toward the trees. Zafira helped Rica into their treb and put a blanket around her. She leaned in and whispered in Ricas ear so no one else would here. 
Sorry I said those things I did back there the other day. I am hurt by what Zos did I - Im not mad at you. Zafira tucked the blanket more firmly around Rica. Rica hugged Zafira then curled up on the seat. 
Rica soon fell asleep across the back seat. The trip down the mountain had been long. Rica had slept the whole way. They parked and made camp in a grove of trees off the flow. When Rica woke up sometime in the night she found Moyo on guard duty. She fell back asleep to wake at dawn when the treb had started to move again. Moyo was curled up in the back. He didnt look comfortable but was passed out pretty good. When Zafira noticed Rica was awake she checked her wounds again and applied more green magic treatment to her wrists and cheek. They ate a cold breakfast of stale bread and hard-boiled eggs. 
Sometime in the after noon they had had to stop and get off the flow way. A convoy of five Onur troop carriers and two smaller vehicles had driven down the flow. Nab and Moyo both were nervous about the implications. Were the Onur looking for them too? Or was this just more troops the Onur were supplying to Nabs mothers forces? Nab didnt want to take the chance. Moyo got the maps out and they studied them for almost an hour before they decided the best way to go was to start out across country and leave the treb where it was. They covered it with brush and took what they could carry in the backpacks they had. Rica was shaking with cold and exhaustion when they stopped for the night. Nab told them they could not have a fire so they slept huddled together. Nab and Moyo took turns at watch. 

 26  The Forests of the Onur

Every muscle hurt and Rica didnt want to think about what her face looked like, probably a mass of bruises. She was determined that she would not complain. Moyo had been hurt in her rescue and hadnt said anything though Rica could see it hurt him to spread his wings. Rica had learned a little of the healing affinity from Zafira and would help if she could. It didnt always respond when she had tried it on herself. 
The mountains had turned into hills and forested plains. Moyo was up ahead of them scouting. It was harder to know what was up ahead now since Moyo was favoring his left wing from the fight. He had taken a deep cut at the shoulder. Zafira had stopped the bleeding but the wound was still raw. Rica hadnt been able to heal him either, though she had tried. When she tried to heal it had made her dizzy. Moyo held up his hand and made a fist, the signal to stop. Nab came up to Moyo silently. They crouched and whispered back and forth. Nab stretched his neck and strained to see over the brush around them. He crouched back down and said something else to Moyo then headed back to Rica and Zafira. 
You two stay here. We are going to go up ahead to check something out. Nab whispered. Then he walked back to Moyo. They went out in opposite directions going silently. Moyo had his bow out and strung. They both disappeared from sight shortly after parting ways. Rica was tense; she kept looking over her shoulder like someone was watching her. She couldnt shake the feeling that something was wrong. After a few minutes Nab returned. He looked around and frowned. 
Moyo hasnt come back yet? Im heading that way to see if I can find him. You two stay here. 
We are going with you. I cant stand this waiting around and we could help if you got into trouble. Rica whispered in what she hoped was a no nonsense tone. 
Something may have happened to him. Since we cant be sure what the delay is it would be better if you stayed here. I will go find him. 
No! We are coming with you. Rica said determinedly. 
Nab just looked at her then nodded his head. Right. Move as quietly as possible and stay slightly back from me. Then he started out in the direction Moyo had taken. They reached the slight hill and Nab crouched even lower to the ground, silently moving over the land as though it was smooth floor instead of rough country. Rica was constantly amazed at his ability.
The forest was abnormally silent. No birds called to one another. No sound of insects. The hair on the back of Ricas neck stood on end. Something wasnt right with this picture. The air was still; it was as though they had entered a vacuum. Nab stopped. He motioned for the girls to wait and stay flat. He looked all around. Then crouched lower to the ground edging forward and looking around the big tree in front of him. Rica turned when she thought she heard a twig snap. She looked at where the sound had come from but couldnt see anything but clashes of color and leafs. She frowned. Her hands were sweaty and she felt that strange feeling of being watched. Nab went down the hill a little farther then motioned for them to come up to him. He had his weapons out. Nab looked all around then listened intently. After a moment he continued on. Thats when all hell broke loose. 
Men popped up from camouflaged hiding places and dropped down from the trees attacking them from all sides. Nab was fighting two big men. His back pressed against a tree trunk. Zafira cried out when a man grabbed her arm and jerked her back then shoved her to the ground. Telling her to stay still or he would take her head off. Zafira twisted over and used her claws on his face. He arched back blood streaming from his cheek. Zafira head butted him and tried to get away but he pinned her to the ground his knife to her throat. Another man grabbed Rica. She twisted away and kicked him in the leg. She was aiming for a spot higher up and in the middle but missed. She felt her foot slip and used the momentum to roll with the movement. Rica pushed her self back up and swung her staff. There was no finesse to the movement but it was effective nonetheless; she swung the staff in a half circle in front of her as hard as she could and cracked her assailant on the head. He didnt get back up. Rica felt elated that it had worked and stopped to turn back to see where Zafira was when another man grabbed her from the side. Rica used what she had learned in the studio with Zos and dropped limply to the ground the man lost his grip on her. Rica rolled to a standing position and struck out with her staff like she had drilled with Zos, it connected with a satisfying crack. The man rolled away from her next attack and moved in close punching her in the stomach, knocking the wind out of her. Then he grabbed her around the neck from behind putting his knife to her throat. Move and you die! The man said between gritted teeth. Attackers were pouring out of the air it seemed, there were just to many of them. 
Drop your weapons or the girls die. Do it! someone yelled. 
Nab looked at Zafira and Rica then stopped fighting dropping his weapons to the ground. Rica could see three men on the ground around him another two farther back and down the hill. He had taken some of them out before they had overwhelmed him. 
Zafira and Rica were pushed over to where Nab was kneeling on the ground. His head was bleeding from a long cut in the scalp. Another group joined the first. They had Moyo with them. His left wing looked broken, the whole left side of his shirt was black with blood. His face was in agony as they pushed him to the ground next to Nab. Nab looked at each of them. When he looked at Rica there was relief in his eyes. Then he looked away. The men around them tied their arms behind their backs and took their weapons away, stacking everything in a pile behind a woman, who seemed to be in command. She was a tall Opia with yellow eyes; she stood looking at Nab as though she was trying to decide the best way to handle him. 
Search them. She commanded. 
The men proceeded to search their pockets and bags, dumping everything in a pile and looking through it. Rica tried to cast a spell but couldnt focus through her fear to manifest it. 
Nab was calm his voice steady. I am Prince Nabarun Conkingsly. Let me speak with who is in charge here. Nab looked at the woman in front of him. Nabs face looked as though it was set in stone, no emotion, just hard steel. The woman dropped her gaze. 
Get the Captain. 
A big man with muscled arms and thick muscled neck walked into the mist of the company of men surrounding them. He moved with authority. This had to be their leader. He looked at Nab closely, and then nodded. 
Prince Nabarun Conkingsly. The big man bowed with genuine respect. Its lucky we are the ones to find you. He turned to the guards with him. Untie them and see to their injurys. If it pleases your highness I have some matters to discuss with you. Would you do me the honor of joining me in the Command Tent? 
Captain, sorry I didnt catch your name. One of the guards stepped forward and untied Nabs hands. Nab reached over and picked up his weapons. The man went on to untie Zafira and Rica. Moyo was badly injured and could barely stay conscious. 
I am Captain Torik von Goring and the officer in charge of this contingent of the Conkingsly Liberation Army. 
The Conkingsly Liberation Army? Nab raised one brow. 
The Captain smiled, Yes Sir, the men liked it better than The Opia Liberation Army so it stuck. He shrugged. 
 Shaleant de Curria is gravely injured and will require medical treatment. We will require food and tents. We will stay to recover then be on our way. 
The guard who had untied them said to Nab so only he could hear. Glad to see you Your Highness. Then he bowed. I would like to put myself at your service sir. Nab looked at him considering. 
You would abandon your post and betray your fellow soldiers? Nabs voice was dangerously calm. 
No sir, I request I be a part of your contingent. A transfer if you will. 
Do I know you? 
I am Vorest Velinter of the province of Tailent in the North. My father served with yours at the academy. He was -
General Velinter. Yes I remember. His service and loyalty are not in question. If you wish to serve me I will require more than words. Do not approach me about this again. Your actions have already spoken volumes. Nabs eyes narrowed. At one point in his life he would have been flattered to be approached like this, would have expected it, but since his mothers machinations he would always look at such instances with a touch of paranoia. Could he trust this man? Nab decided if the man wanted to be trusted and transferred he would have to prove himself somehow. On the other hand, his father had always taught him to keep his friends close, and his enemies closer. Which was this man, friend or potential enemy? While Nab spoke with the guard the Captain ordered a Medic be brought to tend to Moyo. 
The other troops were still standing around gawking at the Prince. Get the wounded and dead tended to! The men moved out to do as the Captain ordered. Nab joined the Captain as he walked presumably toward the Command Tent. 
Rica picked up her staff and backpack. Then she turned and walked over to where Moyo and Zafira were. Moyo was lying on the ground, his face paler then she had ever seen it. A man Rica took for a medic was looking at his wing. Moyo had lost a lot of blood. Zafira was crouching beside him with her hands on the place where the wing and shoulders (he had two shoulders on each side) met. Zafira was concentrating. Rica joined them. 
Im sorry, the medic said, but it looks like he will never fly again. The bones of the wing here and here are completely shattered. Im going to set it anyway. At least to give it a good look. The cut on his side here can be stitched up and will mend. He has lost a lot of blood. He will take time to heal. The medic did look as though he was sorry it had happened. Zafira was using her green affinity to stop the bleeding. 
The man bent over to examine the wound again. It looks like you have stopped the bleeding from the cut to the muscles there. We will have to stitch it up now. Lets take him into the tent and get him off the ground so we can work. I dont know what else to do. We dont have a doctor and no Magi to assist. The medic continued to bandage the wounds to Moyos arm. It looked like he had gone through a meat grinder. Rica felt sick, and then tried to control that. No she told herself this was no time for helplessness. Two of the men standing around were put to the task of moving Moyo to the tent. They put him on a cot they had set up inside. The medic washed the blood away and started getting supplies out of a bag to begin stitching him up. 
Maybe I could try. Rica heard herself say. 
It couldnt hurt. Zafira sounded hopeful. 
I dont know. Is she a healer? the medic didnt sound sure. 
Im a magi in training and I can use the green affinity. What do we have to loose? I cant hurt him for trying. 
All right you can try but if there is no discernable change Ill take over again and he will just pull through or not. 
Thats a little callus dont you think. 
No. It is reality. This is no hospital and I am no doctor. Im a medic and this is a war camp. 
Fine I will have to do my best then. Rica was now determined more than ever to get this right. 
Rica carefully placed her hands on the broken parts, spreading her fingers over as much of the damaged areas as possible then thought of Moyo flying of the way his wings looked in the sun light as they stroked powerfully up into the air. Rica could feel heat flow through her to her hands, but this heat was different then when she started fires this heat was like a ray of light from a warm summer sun. There was a since of calm and peace in her being that seemed to flow from her into Moyo. Rica heard Zafira gasp and a startled cry from the medic. Rica opened her eyes. Moyo was looking at his wing in amazement. Rica looked at Moyos wing and frowned. It looked perfect. What were they all so amazed about?
You are a Magi! the medic said in wonderment. Rica blushed. 
No Im just learning I was only trying to make Moyo feel better. 
Well you accomplished that goal. I feel wonderful. My wing feels like its completely healed. The medic came over and looked at Moyos wing and at his side. The wing was completely whole. The long cut on his arm was also healed. Rica looked at the cut on Moyos side and placed her hands slightly above the skin. She closed her eyes and pictured the wound closing from the inside out sealing with no scar. When Rica opened her eyes Moyos cut was closed. It wasnt completely healed but it was pretty close to it. Rica felt wonderful too though when she tried to take a step she got dizzy and stumbled. It had taken a lot of energy to heal Moyo. Rica sat down, abruptly. 
Here drink this it might help you gain some energy back. He put a canteen into her hand and tipped it to her lips. Rica took a swallow. It was thick and sweet, she didnt know what to think about it. It tasted ok. She started to feel better right away. 
Maybe you could help with the other injured? 
I could try. Sure. 
Rica guessed that there were next to fifty people here and probably more near by. The army was camped in a cave complex not far from where Nab and the girls had been attacked. Rica and Zafira helped the medic tend to the men and women of the army that had been injured in the surprise attack. After they were finished Moyo and the two girls went to the tent that had been prepared for them. Nab sat on a log staring at the fire that had been placed in front of the tent. He didnt look up at Rica or the others when they came up. He looked tired as though the weight of the world were resting on his shoulders. 
Moyo is better now. Rica said, not knowing what else to say to Nab to get him to talk. 
I can see that. Nab looked at Rica steadily. Rica looked away. Moyo went into the tent and lay down saying he just wanted to sleep. Zafira sat down across form them and poked at the fire with a stick. 
We fixed up the other people who got hurt when they attacked us. Rica was babbling but this uncomfortable silence was unbearable. 
Except the ones I killed you mean. Nab said so quiet Rica almost didnt hear him. 
They attacked us Nab. I think they would have killed you if you hadnt protected yourself. I didnt think you would care about a few deaths. After all you are the one who keeps wanting to kill helpless men like the ones on the flow near Denham. Rica wished she hadnt said it as soon as the words left her mouth. Nab looked like someone had punched him. 
 You killed that Captain on the road when we were escaping Denham. You had no remorse then. Rica snapped. What was she doing? She couldnt seem to stop. Nab didnt get angry at her words though. He just seemed to accept what she said. 
Didnt I? Nab asked. As though he was searching himself for the answer. This new Nab shook Ricas view of him. 
I- I dont know what you felt. You never speak about your feelings to anyone. 
That would be a sign of weakness. Or so I have come to know. Nab said tiredly. 
Weakness to show regret? That you feel something instead of just operate like some kind of robot? No Nab you are wrong, showing others that you have compassion is a good thing. 
You should ask Moyo about that. Showing others that you are compassionate can get you killed in the king game. 
What does Moyo have to do with this conversation? He isnt even here to defend himself. 
Just ask him sometime. Nab looked at her a challenge in his eyes. 
Will you two just stop? All you care about is yourself Nab everyone knows it. And all Rica cares about is going to her precious Earth, to leave us all here to our own misery. Zafiras outburst startled Rica. She had forgotten she was sitting there. 
I said I was sorry I ruined your life Zafira. I dont know what else I can do. 
I-, You didnt ruin my life. I thought I knew my brother, but I didnt. I didnt know he didnt want to go with us. I didnt know he was involved with that martial arts instructor in Jamara. I didnt know, I didnt know!
Zos came with us because your father told him to. And your own parents didnt know about Petcher. He is a private person. I think he did what he did because he truly thought he was doing the right thing. He wanted to go back and find his girlfriend he wanted to get her out of danger. He put his trust in a stranger. That Captain what ever his name was and was betrayed himself. Am I happy he turned us over to those guys? No. Will I forgive him for what he did? Yes. And so should you, because he did it to protect you. It just didnt work out like he planned or thought. 
Rica you dont know what you are talking about. Zafira stood and stomped off into the darkening forest. 
I do agree with some of what you said. But you cant make Zafira agree with you. She has to come to her own conclusions. Nab said quietly. 
I dont have time for her to. Im going home soon. I dont want to leave here with anger on my lips and bad feelings in my heart. 
Nab reached over and brushed the hair out of Ricas eyes slowly. Tucking a strand of it behind her ear. Rica was more stunned by his gentle touch then by what he said next. 
You have a good heart. You are so forgiving, I admire you for that. Nab stood and followed Zafira into the forest calling her name to stop. 
Rica sat at the fire not knowing what had just happened. Confusion was the only thing she was sure of at that moment, confusion about Zafira and their argument and about her feelings toward Nab. Rica sat and poked at the fire. It was full dark when Zafira and Nab returned. Nab looked guarded and Zafira just looked tired. 
The medic came over shortly after Nab and Zafira returned. The medic had brought something for everyone to eat and some hot atin they all seemed to like. Rica still didnt like the drink; it was purple and tasted bitter to her so she just drank water. They sat and talked about the green affinity and what Magi of old could do. Rica felt exhausted and climbed into the tent and found a sleeping bag and crawled in yawning. She was asleep as soon as she lay her head down. 
The next morning came way to soon for Rica, the light shown right into the tent and onto her face. Rica moaned and rolled over. While she lay there half asleep she could hear conversation outside the tent. Moyo and Nab were talking. She couldnt make out what they were saying but did catch Western Mage Tower or something that sounded like that. Zafira stirred in the sleeping bag on the other side of her. She could hear her set up. Rica rolled over and groaned at her stiff muscles. 
She climbed out of bed and slipped her worn tennis shoes back on. The left one had grown a hole in the bottom and Rica had put a bit of paper in it to help close the draft. She needed new shoes. Rica sighed. Zafira noticed her looking at the holy shoe and shook her head. 
Talk to the supply officer, he might have some boots you can ware. He was talking with the Medic last night after you went to sleep. He has a tent over by the hospital tent where we helped all the injured yesterday. Zafira told her. 
Ok. Rica said. Thanks it is about time I gave up these anyway. She had kept wearing them because they reminded her of home. Time to let it go. She still had her purple jacket, sort of, it had a rip in the right arm that she had sewn shut but it still kept her warm. If winter here were bad she would need a new coat though. Rica shrugged off the mood and put a smile on her face. She picked up her backpack and opened it taking the feather out that Moyo had given her when this journey had begun. She twirled the feather between her fingers then tied it to her staffs leather case. It looked good there.
The morning was crisp, clear, and cold every breath accompanied by a white cloud of mist. Rica shivered in her light purple jacket and huddled near the fire. Her thoughts went to the coming trip to the United Peoples of Trentwall (UPT). She was excited about the possibility of it all. Soon she would be home and have her life back. Moyo had filled a pot with water and sat it on a rock in the coals. He added some crushed grain to it and stirred. Rica watched him go about making the simple breakfast. One more thing she would miss when she got back home, her new friends. Her breath caught in a sudden sob. Rica felt the tears on her cheek; she brushed them away in angry swipes of her hand. This was no time to start breaking down. She sat up straighter and told herself; you cant have it both ways. You cant go home and take your new friends with you. The world she came from would not accept Moyo and his angel like wings, or Zafira with her cat like grace and features. Nab wouldnt stand a chance of acceptance either. No you have to say good-bye and be done with it. You have to be strong and not break down all the time like some baby. Rica shook her head and looked at the Opia soldiers already up and about doing drills and checking gear. 

 27  Tabor Town

The squad of soldiers stayed in a camp outside the borders of The United Peoples of Trentwall (UPT) while Rica and her friends continued on into UPT. Nab had felt it was best not to draw the attention of the local military in this nation. They were a neutral nation and would not take kindly to strange troops in their country. The Onur people worked with the Resistance but not openly, they would turn their backs on the troops massing in their country and leave caches of food and medicine and other supplies for them to find. It was weird to Rica, but it seemed to work. When they had reached the border to UPT Moyo and Nab went into the guardhouse and spoke with someone inside then the boarder guards all took a break at the same time and they just drove across. Rica felt as though time had slowed the closer they got to their objective. 
The smell of salt water was the first clue the group had that they were close to the sea. Rica felt excited in a jumpy sort of nervous way. She was so close now to going home! She imagined what she would do when she got home. She would run into the house and hug her mom and dad, and then she would call her friends. This was going to be fantastic. She felt next to bursting with energy. It felt like the treb they were in was going at a snails pace. She just wanted to get there. 
The treb crested a hill and they could see the valley below them. No sign of any big town just more road. It was torture of a different kind. Agony to drive and drive and never seeming to get closer, Rica felt next to exploding with anticipation. When they reached Tabor Town it was mid-day and cloudy. The town looked gloomy to Rica, as though the day had just drained all the sunshine out of the place. But it didnt affect her jubilant mode; nothing could get her down now!
Zafira saw an herbalist shop and wanted to stop to check out what they had. She had been so distant since Zos had done what he did. Rica felt frustrated that Zafira wanted to stop at all, but she agreed it was a good idea to go and get something to eat and stretch their legs before heading to the Magi tower, which was north along the cliffs of the rocky coast. There was a tight knot in her stomach, why was she so nervous? Nab parked the treb and they all got out and walked down the sidewalk to the herbalist shop. From the outside it looked like a drug store from home sort of. It had other things in the window besides just elixirs and pots of salves. There were books on display and what looked like the little handheld things some of the squad had had to listen to music, sort of like an iPod but round and see through. There were a lot of different kinds of them on display. They all went in and Zafira headed toward the pharmacy part of the store the guys looked at the other things in the big store with a sort of casual disinterest that seemed to be universal to the guy shopping with a girl. Rica went to the display of jewelry on the make-up counter. There were all kinds of bracelets and pins under the glass of the counter. One with green and white crystals caught Ricas eye. She would have liked to get it for a good-bye present for Zafira but had no money to buy it with. 
Zafira bought some supplies for the remainder of her trip to the Southern Kingdom of Parashan. After they all had what they wanted they went to a nearby restaurant and ate. Rica could hardly take a bite she was so tense with anticipation. She moved the soup around in her bowl and finally shoved it away tapping her fingers on the table in impatience. She looked around the room at the people having lunch and didnt see them at all. She wondered what would be involved with the portal. Would it hurt? She didnt think it had hurt before when she fell through by accident but then she had lost consciousness so she didnt know. It felt like an eternity for Nab and the rest to finish, and then they wanted to talk about the best way to the tower. The suspense was excruciating. Finally they paid the bill and got back into the little blue treb they had been using. Finally they were on the way to the Magi tower. Rica played with the strap of her worn backpack and pulled and pulled it till it broke off. Rica stared at the broken strap in annoyance. This backpack had come so far with her and now it breaks? Rica tossed it into the back of the treb. She could get a new one when she got home. When she got home! Those were wonderful words! She missed her friends and all the movies she had missed while here! There would be so much to do to make up for the time here. 
 The road was windy and narrow, the trees grew tall and thick along the road, sentinels that silently watched every approach. Rica shivered at the thought remembering the Flitter Forest in the Semlor Nation, those sinister trees would haunt her nightmares for a long time to come, Rica pushed the recollection away. She would be home soon. No more carnivorous trees to worry her. The treb was slowing and then came to a stop. They were in front of giant metal gates set into black stonewalls with blue and violet glowing runes etched deep into the stone. Rica shivered. It was colder here. Moyo got out of the treb and approached the gate. He held his hand up and put it onto a flat circular spot that seemed to be for just that purpose. The metal glowed briefly then the gates opened. Moyo walked back to the treb and got in. 
They drove through the gates and onto a black cobble stone drive that lead up to a huge stone and wood building five stories high. It had a circular drive in front and a building next to it that looked like a garage. There were lights on in the rooms here and there about the place. They parked and got out of the treb. Rica felt her legs shaking. What are you so nervous about? This is it. What you wanted. Rica jumped as the lights next to the front doors snapped on with a pop. The doors opened before they got to them, a middle-aged woman stood holding the door as they approached. 
Good evening, what brings you to the Trenwalls Magi Retreat? She looked at them all, recognition in her expression when she saw Nab and Moyo, a question in her eyes when she looked at Rica. 
We are here to see the Portal Master if you would tell him we are here please. It is urgent. Moyo said bowing slightly. 
Shaleant de Curria, please do come in. It is good to see you again. We can make introductions inside. She looked at Nab and the rest as she said the last. Rica got the impression she was not pleased. 
They walked up the half circle steps into a hallway of polished black marble. There were portraits of magi hung at intervals along the way. The woman opened a door to the right and gestured for them to enter. The room was warm, it had a fireplace at the far end with a group of couches near the fire. The floor was more black marble with thick intricately woven rugs in blues and violet with a splash or two of other colors here and there. The drapes were thick velvet like cloth in violet. The wood of the walls and ceiling was a close-grained dark red color. It made Rica feel intimidated. There was a large portrait of an old man in black and purple robes hung over the mantle of the fireplace. 
Your Radiance de Curria I know you but please introduce me to your friends. Your Radiance holy cow was all Rica could think of the way she addressed Moyo. 
There is no need to be so formal Maleak Simlorant. These are my friends, His Royal Highness Prince Nabarun Conkingsly, Zafira Leanista, and Ulrica Simpson the reason we are here. Moyo gestured to each as he said their names the woman nodded. No need to be formal yet Moyo had been more formal than she had ever seen him be before. Everyone nodded and spoke some pleasantry, then it was Ricas turn and she found herself tongue-tied. 
Um nice to meet you Mal- um Malents. Im sorry I forgot your name. Rica felt her face and neck heat with the flush of embarrassment at her awkwardness. 
Maleak Simlorant. The woman said with a slight frown. 
We are on urgent business. We must see Magi Warren Ports. Moyo said firmly. Maleak pursed her lips and frowned. An old ornate wooden desk was to the left of the fireplace with a high backed chair setting behind it. The woman went behind the desk and picked up a book opening it. Rica could see it looked like a calendar of sorts. Maleak looked at the page and ran her finger down to the date and then shook her head. 
I have no appointment listed for this highly unusual visit. Your Radiance you see my dilemma. I cant just barge in on the portal master. His time is valuable. I can make an appointment for you the next opening is in three months. She closed the book with a snap and sat it back on the desk making sure it was at right angles and exactly where it had been before she picked it up. 
That will not do Matron Simlorant. I will speak with the portal master immediately. Moyo stood with his back straight his wings looked stiff like he was ready to take flight at any moment. Moyos tone of voice brooked no disobedience. Rica had never heard Moyo be so commanding. Nab looked at Moyo a slight smile twitched at his lips as though he was amused that Moyo had to play the arrogant Prince for a change. 
You have no paperwork, and no appointment. 
Now Matron Simlorant! Or do we simply find him ourselves? Moyos voice was hard and there was an unyielding look in his eyes that made Rica think she did not know Moyo as well as she thought. This man standing in front of her was not that same fun loving kind person she thought she knew, but a Prince commanding his subjects with firm control. Nab smiled. 
Very well, since you are so insistent I will go and see if he will see you. This is highly irregular. She sniffed haughtily as though in disapproval at an errant child. Then stiffly walked out the door closing it after her. 

 28 - Revelations

The Matron of the Tower had left only a short time ago when Rica felt she just couldnt stand sill another moment. She jumped up off the couch and paced back and forth in front of the fireplace. The fire on the grate was warm and cheerful in its popping and dancing. Rica felt as though every nerve was on edge, she quickly tried to calm down for fear of electrocuting someone. The last time she had felt this way a guard had been zapped! Rica stopped and took a deep breath. Get your self-together girl. She looked up at the huge painting of the old man above the fireplace. He had kind eyes with a little twinkle in them. 
Who was this guy Moyo? Rica gestured at the painting. 
He is the head of this school here. Master Endemness Undroyal. He is one of the few these days who are aligned with more than one affinity. He is strong in the blue and yellow affinities. 
Arent your affinities the same as his? 
Yes, though I do not enjoy the same exact gifts he does. I am aligned with the blue and yellow disciplines but I did not specialize in portal magic. The Miwa are not like the rest of the races on this planet. We are directly aligned to the source and can thus sense when there is a ripple in it. Like when you came to this world it was felt by all the Miwa on a deep spiritual level. 
I know that Chaura told me that all Magi felt my experience in the affinity caves. But now you are saying all the Miwa knew when I got to this world? Whoa! All of your people knew when I showed up? Rica continued her pacing. 
Yes in a way. All felt something was different in the way the crystals were responding, but no specific thing. They all didnt sit up one day and say Oh, Rica is here! or anything, it was much more subtle than that. Only I had the vision dream that sent me to find you. 
I know when we first met you said that but I dont think I understood it. You were sent to find me by a dream? Rica mentally kicked herself for being so naive. 
The Miwa have always been directly tied into the crystals and their power. Zafira said looking over to where Rica stood in front of the bookcases to the right of the desk. Will you stop pacing its unnerving? Zafira said. She sounded a little annoyed. 
Yes. Please do stop pacing. Nap said a smirk on his face. 
The Miwa are the original people here. They were here before humans or Olinka or the Camerians came here. Moyo said. 
Olinka and Camerians? What are they? 
What you have been calling the lizard people and the cat people. The Olinka are the race of people who have characteristics like that of a lizard. The Camerians have characteristics like that of the cats. Humans came here to this world along time ago through the portals. An ancient race had played with the genetic codes to achieve the Olinka and Camerians. The Seeders as we call them also experimented with the Miwa, making our two species compatible. When they came exactly is lost to history. Not everyone remembers the Seeders. Some have relegated them to myth. The Miwa remember them through our history. 
So you are the indigenous species on this planet! Where did the humans come from? I mean what planet did they come from? 
That is also lost in history. They did colonize many planets via the portals though and even moons with a suitable atmosphere. They changed the DNA to make them adapt to the environments they would live in. So now in this galaxy and perhaps many galaxys or even the universe there are many planets with humanoid types on them. 
So do you think- The door opened and the Matron of the Tower stood in the doorway. 
Please come with me I will take you to Magi Ports. 
They all followed the Matron out the door and down the hall to a staircase that went up and down. Maleak headed down the stairs. 
Arent we on the ground floor? Is this portal in the basement or something? Rica asked. 
No. There are five floors below this one along the cliff face and five floors above us. Its beautiful to see in the daylight. Moyo replied. 
When they reached the landing for the next floor down she headed down the hall toward the large double doors at the end of a short hall. She paused and knocked briskly then opened the door and motioned for them to enter ahead of her. When they were all in she led them up another short flight of stairs to a large circular landing. There were columns that reached from floor to ceiling made of some kind of dark metal as was a circle of the same material running around the landing embedded into the floor. Rica looked up and saw another circle in the ceiling. There were patterns and runes on the floor in the center of the circle that were echoed in the ceiling. Maleak was careful not to step into the circle and warned the friends to stay off the metal and to not touch the columns. She led them around the circle to a room on the other side. There were stacks of books and boxes of papers scattered everywhere. Down the middle was a narrow cleared path through the clutter that led to a setting area. All the chairs and the couch were piled with books and papers. There was a desk in the corner with a thin human man setting behind it. He was looking at them as they approached he stood and held his hands out to Moyo. Moyo followed suit. They didnt shake hands just that weird little greeting Rica had learned in Jamara. 
A pleasure to see you again Shaleant de Curria to what do I owe this honor? His voice was low and pleasant. It didnt fit with his face or body. 
Magi Ports, no need for formalities, call me Moyo please. These are my friends. Nab, Zafira, and Rica. Rica is why we are here. What we have to say is confidential and of the utmost importance. 
That will be all Matron thank you. The thin man said to Maleak dismissing her. Maleak turned and left closing the door behind her. 
Everyone this is Magi Warren Ports a friend of mine. 
A pleasure to meet all of you. Im sorry for this mess the library was flooded and I had to save what I could. Lets go out onto the balcony and talk. He stepped over a stack of books and opened the glass doors behind him. They walked out onto the balcony. The view was probably stunning in daylight but in the night it was all dark and shadow. There was a table and some chairs out there. They all took a seat while Magi Ports lit a candle in a holder on the table. 
Rica has apparently come through a portal from another world and would like to return home. This is why we have traveled here to seek your help my friend. Moyo told the portal master what had occurred up to their coming here. He sat and listened intently. When Moyo finished he sat back and looked at the table, then back up to Moyo and then he looked at Rica. 
You are the girl mentioned in the letter from Magi Locke I assume. Lets get a better look at you shall we. He stood and walked around to pull Ricas chair out. 
Rica stood. Magi Ports looked at her up and down and frowned. 
Hmmm. He said. His index finger tapped his lips. 
Rica stood. I dont understand. Is something wrong? Magi Locke said you would talk to me. I came all this way to see you. 
Not wrong per say just odd. Please do follow me. He led them toward a staircase off the balcony and down to a door below that led to a comfy living area. Cant feed the gossips can we. He said and gestured for them to sit. 
Gossips? Rica asked she was at a loss. 
The Matron of the Tower is an efficient competent woman and a horrible gossip. If the school didnt rely on her expertise to run things so smoothly she would not be here. She cannot be trusted. So watch what you say around her. Would you like any refreshments? I have juice and well water it seems sorry. 
No its ok, we are fine. Moyo said. Can you help Rica get home? 
Well now that is a curious word home. It means so many different things. 
Warren, just be straight with me. 
To do that I will have to tell you all a story. 
Ok, tell away. Moyo sighed and sat on the couch arm. 
Oh here you are Moyo this will be more comfortable. Warren said and brought out a stool for Moyo to set on. 
When everyone was settled the Magi started his tale. It was a story of intrigue and desperation about two young lovers and their baby. Rica felt that if she was not setting on solid ground she would surely fall. Her whole world was turning upside down. He told of these three people going through the portal to Earth (he used that name) and returning a couple of days latter without the baby. This had happened twenty-five years ago. 
That was twenty-five years ago so it cant be me you are talking about. Im only eighteen. 
I have only this to say. A question I want you to answer honestly. 
Ok. 
How old do you think Nab is? 
Eight-teen. Something like that why? 
Nab how old are you? 
Twenty-five. Its why my mother thought she could put me on the throne. Im old enough now. 
The humans on this world live to be 500 years old. The humans of earth live for what 80 years at the most? 
I, you, what are you saying? That Im this baby from your story? 
That is exactly what Im saying because that is exactly who you are. Wait let me finish. 
Rica had stood unsure what to think of all he had said. Was he crazy? He seemed sane and sincere. 
I know this to be true because the people of earth had chosen to not use the portals. When that world was colonized they chose the life span they would have. They chose to not have affinities with any crystals. That world was colonized by a group of religious purists who did not want any thing to do with the movement to harness the crystals. Most of our history is lost about the war that preceded this last wave of colonization but the portal masters kept their own records about it. The humans of Earth were conditioned on the DNA level to not be able to use the portals once they were on the planet. So you are not of Earth. You are the child that went through for if you were truly from Earth you would not have been able to go through the portal!
Then why dont I look older then? Explain that!
We live for five hundred years. We mature slowly. You look the age you are around twenty-five. The man and woman that went through with you were your real parents. He was a noble of the Southern Kingdoms and she was from the hierarchy of the Eastern Kingdoms. Three months ago I opened the portal again for your father. He went back to get you. 
Then you only sent one through? Moyo interrupted. 
Yes. He came back shortly after he went through. He was badly injured and was returned to his home. 
Rica told us of two men fighting. They were both using magic. And since the people of Earth cant use magic it stands to reason he was from here. 
I didnt send him through but its not impossible to piggy back a power surge to port. Or it used to be. A Magi of power could do at one of the defunct portal towers. Rica felt as though the room was spinning. This just couldnt be right. Rica sat down on a chair before she fell down. This was all so incredible! 
Rica took a deep breath and tried to understand what had just happened. Take it easy Rica. Moyo said. Rica looked at his concerned expression and felt annoyed. 	
Im ok. Rica said with more force then she had intended. Moyo backed off in surprise. 
Rica sat up straighter and held her head in her hands. I just dont believe this. I want to go home. But now you are telling me I am home. Can I get a second opinion or are you it? Can you send me to Earth or not? 
I have the transfer resonances of all who have traveled the portal from here. If you are that baby who went through twenty-five years ago your resonance will be on record. Its a simple matter to check. As to your going home yes it is possible for you to return to Earth. Just not now, the window for that portal has closed. It is only open for five days at a time and only once every twenty-five years. You will have to come back in twenty-four years and eleven months. Warren said. 
Wait. You said that was three months ago and now you are saying I cant go back for twenty-four years and eleven months. The math doesnt add up.
If you use Earths months it doesnt. I was referring to Tlalli months.
Tlalli?
This world is called Tlalli. It has 560 days in a year, fourteen months to a year, forty days to a month, and twenty-eight hours to a day. You have probably noticed the days are longer and the seasons as well.
This still doesnt seem right.
There are other time anomalies that are taken into account when figuring the portal time frames. Trust when I say you cant go to Earth until the time is right for the portal or you would end up in space or inside a sun. The time you spent on Earth shifts as you traveled back you were there for twenty-five years Tlalli time. But if you go back in twenty-five years Tlalli time more time would have occurred on Earth. It can be confusing.
Confusing? Yes. I did notice the days were longer here. Three months have gone by and its still fall here. That is weird. But - I cant go back? All the talk about the time and shifts and what ever! The big thing is Im stuck here. This just keeps getting better and better doesnt it! Lets go check this resonance thing then. Now. Right now. I just need to know. Rica said a slight degree of panic in her voice. 
Rica I think you should wait till morning. Zafira cautioned. 
No Zafira! Every one is telling me what to do and where to go and how to be. I just need to know! Rica shouted. 
Zafira took a step back. I was only concerned for your welfare Rica Im sorry I caused you any distress. 
Ahhhh. This is going all wrong. I didnt mean to yell at you or Moyo. I just need to know now before another minute goes by. Please!
It would not take but a moment, its not a problem. Lets head up to the portal room and check. Then you will know for sure. Warrens voice was calm; it fell across the heated tension in the air like cold water on a hot sidewalk, cooling everyone off. 
The reading Warren needed only took a moment like he said. Moyo double-checked it when Rica asked him to. It was real. She was from this world. 
You said some other people went through the portal awhile ago? 
Your father went through. And returned shortly after leaving. He was injured badly and we had to summon healers to treat his wounds. When he was able he returned to his home. 
My father you say. Why do you think he was my father? 
The resonance takes samples of DNA he is defiantly your father. Warren pointed to a screen with a lot of colors and numbers on it like that was supposed to prove something. Rica shook her head. 
What about the other guy? 
Oh yes you said there were two men using magic when you fell through the portal. I dont know anything about that other man. He wasnt sent from here. 
Then where did he come from? 
Im sure I dont know Rica. I can only tell you what I do know. I know where your father was going when he left here and where he said his home was. Ill write it down for you. 
Warren is it possible for some one to use one of the defunct portal towers to piggy back onto the signal here and send someone to the same place as the person leaving from here? 
Yes. In theory it is possible. Though it has not been tried in my lifetime. Unless that is what happened, it would have to have been a powerful blue affinity portal-trained magus to do such a thing and power a portal as well. That would take a lot of power to do something like that. 
Warren wrote something on a note card and folded it in half handing it to Rica. Rica took it with shaking fingers. This just could not be happening. After all she had been through to get here and the hopes she had had to get home just to have it all ripped away again. Rica opened the note and read the name on it. There was an address and some numbers written under the NAME. Rica folded it again and put it in her pocket. 
Lets go get you settled and something to eat. You cant do anything tonight but things will look brighter on a new day. Warren said. Rica knew he was only trying to help but she felt like she just wanted to scream it wasnt fair. It would do no good to scream or cry or anything. Rica felt numb. 
That is an excellent idea Warren thank you. Moyo said. 
Yes excellent. I will be leaving early tomorrow so I will say my good byes now. It has been an adventure traveling with you all and I do hope you find your father and your true home Rica. Nab said looking at Rica. Rica looked at him uncomprehending for a moment then it hit her. Nab would be gone in the morning. Rica launched herself at him hugging him tight and kissed him on the cheek. This was good-bye. Nab was stunned then hugged her back and returned her kiss much to Ricas surprise. 
Thanks for saving my life and being a pain. Ill miss you. Rica said and to her embarrassment felt tears on her cheeks. Nab brushed the tear from her cheek and looked into her eyes. 
I will remember you always. Maybe I will visit when I have finished what I came to do here. Take care Rica. 
Rica nodded. 
Zafira looked at them and shook her head. 
Well if you dont find your father you can always live with us. Or wait. I dont have a home any more. I dont even know where my parents are. Zafira looked stricken as though she had just at that moment realized her country was a war zone and her parents missing. Rica hugged her. 
Its ok Zafira we could be homeless together. 
I will continue with you. And you will never be homeless as long as I am alive; you have a place to stay. I have a home in the Miwa Isles and it is always open to you both. Rica hugged Moyo and then they all felt a little awkward. Warren notified the kitchen and food was brought up for them all. They ate then said good night to their host and were shown to their beds. Rica took the note card out of her pocket and read the name on it again. It was somewhere to start. Rica fell asleep to the sound of the waves crashing into the cliff base far below the window of her room. 

###

Back to the table of contents
TLALLI-DEX

The world of Tlalli was discovered by an advanced race of beings that seeded humanoid life throughout the galaxy. The Seeders discovered that the world of Tlalli was populated with an intelligent bird like species called the Miwa. These people used unique crystals that made up much of the land of Tlalli. Through the crystals the Miwa could do fantastic things. They called the ability to tap into the crystals - affinities. The Seeders were fascinated with the Miwa and their unique relationship with the crystals of the world. The seeders used their own DNA to make a hybrid Miwa/Seeder race. The new race looked more human than the Miwa had. They still had wings and could fly, and more importantly to the Seeders they could still tap into the fantastic crystals of Tlalli. Over time the original Miwa died out leaving only the hybrid race. This race has enhanced eyesight, is lightweight, and strong. They have wings and can fly. They are the most intelligent on the planet and the most sensitive to the crystals. 
The Seeders placed other races of humanoids on the planet, the Olinka  a race of humans that were altered with the DNA of lizards and snakes. These people have thicker skin with patterns like that of some reptiles. They are warm blooded, had enhanced senses of smell and eyesight. They have two eyelids and slit like pupils that allowed them to see in dim light. They can stand higher temperatures than the normal human. These people cannot use the power of the crystals. 
The Camerians  are a race of people altered with cat DNA  They had retractable claws and their skin had patterns like that of some cats. Their eyes look like that of cats with slit vertical pupils. They were not covered in fur however. Their eyesight was enhanced along with their sense of smell and hearing. They are stronger than the normal human and more agile. These people can also use the power of the crystals. 
Sensitive Humans  altered to be able to tap into the crystals like the Miwa. They are similar to normal humans. Their eye color reflects the affinities they have. 
Augmented Humans  These are like normal humans in appearance but are bigger and stronger. They cannot use the power of the crystals. They have developed a highly technological society and are noted for their mechanical expertise. The other races on Tlalli call them barbarians, but they are not barbaric. In the past the barbarians raided the other nations on Tlalli and got the reputation for harsh tactics. Now they are a peaceful people who mainly float the seas in merchant ships bringing goods to many far shores. 
Leonacra  a large intelligent cat with long appendages around the neck. They are telepathic communicators and can also use the crystals. They have made peace with the humans of the southern nation of Parashan and work with them when ever possible. They look like large black panthers with collars of white and red-stripped frills. The Leonacra do not have a country. 
The Seeders  Left the world of Tlalli and never returned. It is known that they populated many worlds with humanoid intelligent beings and opened portals to those worlds tying them to the world of Tlalli with the crystals. No one knows how many worlds they seeded and only a few know how to access the portals to those worlds. The Miwa found portals to several worlds via trial and error. 
Civilizations have risen and fallen since the Seeders last set foot on Tlalli. Over time the peoples of Tlalli have mostly forgotten about the seeders. They are a myth to them now. Only a few still know the history of the world and the changes the Seeders made. 
THE NATIONS OF THE AMONIC CONTINENT
Semlor  A frozen northern country populated with Sensitive Humans. Governed by High Mage. Capital City Vanora
Onur  right below the country of Semlor  populated by Olinka. The Onur split off from the Opia Nation through civil war in the past). Monarchy. Capital City Treis
Opia  to the right of the Onur nation  populated by Olinka, Monarchy. Capital City Ternikla
United Peoples of Trentwall  On the west coast of the continent  populated with all races. Governed by elected Portate and two council houses comprised of the magi in one house and the people who are not gifted in the other house. The country is a mix of people who subscribed to a democracy. The Portate governs for a period of six years. Capital City Sayer
Miwa isles  many small and a few large islands in the Crystal Sea right below the Amonic continent, Council of Elders governs. (This is a resent development; 25 years ago a King governed the country. The King was killed in a cue, and a period of unrest eventually settled into the current government. ) Capital City Saqr on the Main Miwa Isle of Shay
Kahsha  Plaines area of the continent, below the Opia  populated with Camerians mostly, a few humans also call Kahsha home. Governed by elected officials President and peoples representatives. Capital City Jamara
Parashan  a group of principalities governed by a High King and council comprised of representatives from all the principalities. Populated with Sensitive humans, Leonacra, and some Augmented humans. Each principality governs its own land; the High King makes decisions of war for the group or trade agreements. Capital city of the High King Sangir
Laager  to the east of Opia Nation  this is a northern country that borders Opia, Kahsha and Ahaya. Governed by elected officials. Capital City Svelden
Ahaya  East coast of Amonic continent. Populated by Sensitive humans. Other races are strongly discouraged from coming to or residing in the country. Commonly called the Eastern lands. Governed by a Mondurst (which is a master mage of one or more affinities) appointed by the Conclave of Scalon (a group of master magi who live in the capital City of Scalon, they generally appoint one of their own to the Mondurst for a period of years then they meet and appoint another)
Neutral City State  Denham  Located in the Opia Nation but not governed by the Country. Neutral trade area for Amonic Continent. 
CRYSTAL AND AFFINITIES  MAGIC OF TLALLI
Magic is used in this world in various forms, runes, crystal, and spells (written or spoken)
Crystals  There are ten different colors and vibrational frequencies of interactive crystals on the world of Tlalli. There are also common crystals with no interactive traits. We will talk about the interactive crystals in this Dex. 
Red affinities magi have an Earthiness to them. It is the most common and complex of the crystals. Affinities to this crystal are varied in ability. This is a list of what the Red crystals affinity potentially can do. 
Drain energy from an object or person causing exhaustion. This energy will return to the victim quickly at all levels of ability. 
Give or take heat from an object or the air
Basic level controls base emotions like anger, fear, confusion, and can drain small amounts of energy from other mages. 
Mid level can control some weather such as rain, cold in a limited area. Their draining ability also is stronger. 
High level can shift earth (earthquake), levitate objects using air pressure. Drain can kill at this level. 
The red crystal affinity will enhance all elemental spells or runes. A high affinity with the red crystals can create energy for use in devastating weather, earth, fire, or water magic. 
There are specialists in the red affinity. They call them selves Elementalists. The Elemental part of the Red affinity encompasses the following. 
Fire - create or put out fire can manipulate fire - light spells without heat or with heat. Spheres - warming 
Water - and create or manipulate water
Ice - part of the water discipline - can create ice and cooling spheres (uses some air with this spell. Some dark mages use this power to freeze the blood of there victims though this practice if difficult to do and requires are great deal of inner strength (power)
Earth - can shift earth or shape earth and can cause earth shakes
Air - can call wind the higher the ability of the mage the greater the wind
Will enable the elementalist to levitate small distances - greater distances with greater skill. And heavier objects
Orange affinities magi have emotional balance
People possessing this affinity are attractive to others on a basic level
Basic level attraction of animals for a short time, creative energys fall under this crystal. 
Mid level affinity can attract animals for longer periods of time and communicate with them on an empathic level. 
Higher affinity can attract animals on a permanent basis with full ability to communicate and see, feel, hear what they hear. 
Orange affinities can create permanent runes, spell scrolls, or imbue objects with a spell. 
(The only exception to this is the Olinka race, which has an innate ability to imbue spell runes to weapons and objects. They cannot create the spells just manipulate them to objects. They work with magi who manufacture the spells. )
Yellow affinities magi have a great deal of personal power
Basic can manifest emotions on a low level, like rather than love, or unease rather than fear, but the effects are short lived. 
Mid level affinity can manifest emotions in up to four people or animals and the effects are stronger and longer lasting. 
High-level affinity can control the emotions of others and a greater number or subjects are affected this level can also increase or decrease resistance to ailments. People with the yellow crystal affinity are intelligent and have great clarity. 
Green  
Air  touch  love - relationships
People with an affinity to the green crystal are attuned to plants to varying degrees. They also can heal or cause sickness. Can charm others or cause a low level of confusion in others if trained to do so. The highest affinity of this magic can heal serious wounds or broken bones. 
Healing green
Herbalism - is the art of identifying and collecting plants and other substances used for potion making. 
Potion making (the stoppers of the potions for healing are green and sealed with the potion makers crest. Potions for poison are sealed in red with a green strip around the top. Sealed with the potion makers crest. Poisons are used to kill rats in normal cities but rogues and those not abiding by the morals of the world use them to kill people. 
Life force healing - challenging  cant heal for long - or near fatal injuries without a consequence. Fatigue - unconsciousness
Usually calls on the mages inner strength to do the healing in rare cases the mage can use crystals to enhance the power of there healing. But this art is all but lost since few are able to harness the power latent in the crystal or to see which crystals are for healing. 
Blue  
People with this affinity can communicate with the spirit world, and can see others auras. (Seeing others auras can detect lies or can see affinities others may have.)
Dream walking/speaking
Ability to see others auras
Masters of this affinity can camouflage themselves making it difficult to see them. 
Spirit blue - scrying - Dream walking - auras - teleportation using a rune or spell and a portal chamber (adept level)
Drain vitality - dark magic. This ability in blue affinity magi is much like the red affinities drain, but with a difference. The vitality drained does not return as quickly as when a red affinity has drained it. The vitality can in some cases never return leaving the victim weak and prone to illness the rest of their lives. 
Restore vitality - light magic
Violet 
People with this affinity can create illusions and can have premonitions. These magi have innate telepathic energy. 
Mind violet  magi can use illusions (glamor), shape shifting, they can pick up others thoughts or send a feeling or thought to another. Must be close  more distance with greater skill
Can move objects with mind  small objects short distances
The ability to teleport without the use of a spell or rune comes under this affinity. Masters of this affinity can teleport without a portal chamber. 
Pink  
People with this affinity can cause others to calm down; they have empathy and can sense what others feel. If the mages is being attacked they can calm the attacker and stop the attack if their affinity is high enough and they have been trained. 
Calms or enrages. Strong empathy. 
Detection of hidden things/truths (can tell if someone is lying or hiding something.)
Can control jealousy, aggression, or misunderstanding in others. 
Turquoise  People with this affinity can increase life energy  tied to healing. The highest level of this rare affinity can resurrect the dead. Can do major healing. This healing does not drain the healer, but uses energy from the crystals or nature. 
White  Spirituality
Control of all affinities 
Rare  encompasses all affinities; it is a lack of all colors can manifest objects from nothing. A white affinity will combine and augment any other crystal affinity. 
Shield magic for all other affinities, silence spells  protection. 
Black  
Rare affinity  contains all colors within it. Absorbs all. Is greatly attuned to shield magic can silence other mages and is high protections in all things. 
Can manifest something from nothing. 
Magi with this affinity can absorb abilities of others, learning the spells in this way. 
Control of all other affinities
RUNE MAGIC
The Olinka are master rune smiths. They have an innate ability to bind a rune to an item though they do not have any affinities. 
Many of the royal houses family crests are imbued with a rune of power (either protective or destructive. And are placed on treasury doors (only the person wearing the same crest can inter the room without risking mortal danger) and on jewelry the ruler wares the jewelry is passed to the heir upon the death of the ruler. 
Is like scrolls or stones or scribed onto weapons with paint or pencil
And make a rune for all types of magic
High-level rune mages can place runes in gems on rings and other jewelry. Jewelry rune crafting can use small powerful spells to ward or warn the person wearing the jewelry. Once the Jewelry is worn it can only be worn by that person or if it is a mage that wares it only worn by a mage of the same discipline and degree. 
Runes that are placed in weapons or jewelry are permanent spells. They cannot be changed without the item the rune is on being destroyed. 
PLACES OF NOTE
Shani  Home of Zafira and her family
Jamara  Capital City of the Kahsha Nation, The Academy of the Arts is in the City, it is an ancient school for the study of mundane and magical arts. 
Denham  City of trade. In the plains where the nations of Kahsha, Opia, and others meet in a neutral area to form trade alliances and treatys. After the portals failed the city has been mostly abandoned. 
Ternikla  Capital City of Opia Nation, Home of Nabarun
FLORA AND FAUNA OF TLALLI
Vallik Trees  are slow growing dense wood trees. Their wood is blue in color. Miwa Royalty traditionally makes their bows from the wood of the Vallik tree. Bark is Dark Blue almost black. The leafs of the vallik tree change from Deep Purple in summer to various shades of pink and lavender in fall. Spring flowers of these trees are white and pink. Many people of all races come to see the vallik trees, which only grow along the Line. The Line is between the wastes and the Kahsha Nation. 
Flitters-
	Light blue see through blooms that grow on Flit trees - when mature they drop off onto mammals and rip them apart and slowly digest them, the nutrients are transferred to the parent plant via a cord that stays attached to tree. The flitter can glide a bit as they fall from the plant. They are beautiful to see hanging in the trees but the larger variety can and do devour any large mammal including human types. 
The larger variety was developed by mages in the north, as a sort of experiment in non-human defense. It was scraped since the plants only flower in the moonlight and the blooms mature slowly. Somehow the trees spread and now inhabit what is now called the Flitter Forest in the Northern Reaches of the Amonic Continent
Fire Tail  Red stemmed and leafed plant
Klond trees  leafs are twelve inches long, usually used as ornamental trees in warm climates. 
White feather plant  is similar in smell to white sage. This plant has feathery leafs. 
Yellow plains sheath  is a type of large ornamental grass
Orange plains sheath  is a type of grain, is larger that the yellow verity and used for flour. Has a nutty flavor with a slight citrus after note. 
Kahsha river moss is used in medicine and eases emotion and illness. Balances and sooths  can draw out infections. Purple to dark green moss grows in Kahsha Nation near rivers and lakes. 
Leonacra- are large carnivorous mammals. They are black in color with red-stripped appendages around their neck. Their eye color is deep red. They are good swimmers, excellent climbers and fast runners for long distances. Often used as exotic Palace security. They are intelligent. 
Raco  are small mammals with human like hands. These creatures see well in the dark and bright day. They have excellent hearing often and are often used as pets or in test situations. Their coloring varies. 
Yemis  are warm blooded and look like a Large Lizard- These have been tamed in the distant past and used as beasts of burden. They are covered with a fine soft fur. Below is a picture of a saddled Yemis
COLORFUL SAYINGS AND TERMS
Sham quetal  date with possible mate
Queton date with friend
Quetass  date with new acquaintance (Romanic)
Quetat  date with new acquaintance (Friend)
Shamick  Potential approved mate. 
Pulling your crystal  joking
Dont crack your crystal  dont get upset
Twinged  annoyed
Shurick  Non-conformist  anti-social
Shippa  Terrible person  You little shippa. He is a real shippa. Creep, jerk etc. 
Atin  bushes are cultivated in the northern parts of the Southern Kingdoms. The beans of the Atin bush are roasted, ground and used as a hot or cold drink. The beans and the drink are Dark Purple in color and slightly bitter in taste. Atin is similar to coffee. 
Treb  is a vehicle that uses rune magic to float of the ground. 
Clat  is an elevator that uses runes to do its job. Varies in size and function. 
Shalat - Phone like device, comes in many shapes usually with a crystal set into the center, a communication device. 
Tappish Code- a way to communicate with tapped sounds or written as a series of symbols. This is similar to Morris Code. 
Calming spell to gain control of affinities - Whisper soft the edge of reason. Fear not the cutting edge
Flow way: A wide level ribbon of low growing plants in various colors and types, which trebs float over.
Treval - various sizes and shapes of utility vehicles.
TIME
560 days to a year
40 days to a month
14 months to a year
28 hours in a day
ORES
Tiplump  primary element  rare
Corista  blue metal ore  hard and non-brittle (very rare)
MOONS
Pellant  Large moon  has atmosphere was colonized in the distant past
Beauty  small airless moon
TEACHERS OF NOTE AT THE ACADEMY OF ARTS IN JAMARA
Student Director  Magi Ian Kohl (Human)
Red affinities teacher  Magi Sorren Locke (Human) Married to Aribeth
Miwa School of Affinities Teachers of Note Shay Isle- City of Saqr
Dean of Magic  Professor Semloc
Head of Sprit Magic  Professor Timory
Dean of Instruction  Professor Moreson
NAMES OF NOTE IN BOOK ONE
Ulrica Simpson  main character - Appearance  medium height, slender build, peaches and cream complexion, long black/dark red hair. Eye color is unusual, green with flecks of iridescent color in them. 
Prince Ataulfo Helmut Lamar (Atau) who is Ricas biological father. Prince Ataulfo is the ruler of the Principality of Alastrina in southern kingdoms. 
Mayree Sylvestry - Ricas biological mother, daughter of High Magus Sylvan Sylvestry and Magus Mayrica Ohlanta of the Twelve. 
Melnone  Cousin to Zosimo and Zafira, brother of Nottia, and three younger brothers. 
Nottia  Cousin to Zosimo and Zafira, sister to Melnone, Morgan, Chort, Jr., and Litman, and recently engaged to Rory
Quentin - Ricas half brother son of Jarath
Zafira Leanista  main character
Moyolehauni de Curria  main character (deposed heir to the Miwa Royal House  Formal title Shaleant) Appearance  medium height, lean muscular build, White platinum hair, lavender eyes, golden tan skin, white and blue wings. 
Master LeaNic  Moyos guardian and teacher. 
Kelnea  son of Toric and Mayla  Moyos friends. Toric left on the DawnStar (a barbarian merchant ship)
Nabarun Conkingsly - main character (full name  Nabarun Gorman Delloria Conkingsly)  Appearance  of medium height (taller than Moyo), lean muscular build, Skin golden tan, eye color tawny (warm light brown with amber highlights) strawberry blond hair with bright gold highlights. 
General Mortan  Nabs mothers devoted man. 
Master Endemness Undroyal - Master of the Magi School at UPT - Trenwalls Magi Retreat
Maleak Simlorant  Matron of the Western Magi Tower and School
Warren Ports  Portal Master for Western Magi tower and school
Rory - Nottias fianc - goes missing in town to the North. 
Petcher Tomineck - Zoss Instructor and love interest
Chaura  Coloration tawny hair and green eyes. Gold and tan stripped skin. Mother of Zafira and Zosimo, wife to Tod Leanista
Forlanta - Chauras brothers last name - Full name Chort Forlanta married to Simmy. 
Zosimo  Zafiras brother 
Mr. Philips  Algebra teacher at Ricas school on Earth
Natalie  Ricas friend at school
Mrs. ONeil - school librarian
Master Longmark  Nabs tutor and friend
Sid  street boy who helps Nab and the underground run messages
Elder Council of Magic - Master Simorlant le Antice (Simorlent is a noble title equivalent to Lord)
High Reagent Maro Morigan  Leader of the Onur Nation of Lizard like people
High Reagent Consort Selenta Morigan  Leader of the Onur Nations wife
Princess Devina  daughter of High Reagent Maro and Selenta Morigan
The Onur High Reagent and the King of Opia were friends their whole lives. 
The Consort of the High Reagent knew them both from school. (They had all attended the same university. The King went on to another school after 4 years in Opia Royal Academy. The High Reagent finished his schooling in the Eastern Kingdoms University of Commerce. 
Princess Devina is fifteen years old. She is an intelligent if star-struck girl who aspires to power. Her parents think this is a dangerous trait and have tried to teach her that power can corrupt and those that seek power above all else usually bring about the downfall of all around them and themselves as well. The have used Nabs mother the Queen Reagent as an example of this. But Devina sees only the romance of power and thinks Nabs mother is a good example of ultimate control. She sees herself as a better vehicle for the power of Opia and Onur. She has fallen to the temptation Nabs mother has enticed her with. 
She wants both Kingdoms to see her as the savior of them both. She thinks that if she marries Nab or his brother if he can be found, that their offspring will unite the two kingdoms in prosperity and peace. 
Coriraun Conkingsly  Older brother to Nab
King Norlick Gorman Sorento Conkingsly  Deceased ruler of the Opia Nation  Nabs father
Queen Reagent Pyrena Media Leaselin DeVue Conkingsly wife of deceased ruler of Opia Nation and Regent until the 25th birthday of the heir to the throne Coriraun Conkingsly
Jarath  Evil mage in the North
Magi Zeorun  Jaraths man in Opia Palace. 
Magi Toren  Jaraths hunter  Moricks employer
Morick  Thief
THE PROPHECY OF THE FOUR
Four crystals remain of the radiant ten
Red, Yellow, Green, and Blue flicker dimly in the dark
Dimming lights of crystals bright

A Bright star falls to Camerian hands
A light felt across the lands
Seekers, seek the star so bright

Beware the Freezing North
A stars fate in three friends hands
A world trembles at the fright

Find the Chamber of the light
Star so bright
Three friends hold the right

Complete the circle
Ten lights to make the world bright
Four friends behold the sight. 

Back to the table of contents
About the Author

Hi, Im Dianne.

This is the first book I have tried to write, you could probably tell that. I love reading fantasy and science fiction books. The Pern and Ship books by Anne McCaffrey are some of my favorites. I look at things and wonder sometimes what if. What if this or that happened? Sometimes I would write the idea down; mostly I just let it pass.
This time was different. I wanted to see the -what if- all the way to the end, so I sat at the computer and started to write it down. This story started as a series of dreams I had. They were intriguing. I hope you find the story interesting. If there are errors, spelling or grammar I take full credit for them. Im not a spelling whiz kid. Not a kid at all really. 
I was born in the baby boom years, so I got to see many things through the years. The moon landing and the first step when I was still a kid. I joined the Army on April Fools day one year before the Vietnam War ended but when it was winding down. I wanted an adventure you see. I went to Germany and there I met my husband of 35 years. I have had two children, and have moved around the country.
Now Im living in Washington State and watching my grandchildren grow up. And thats about it.

I am putting book 2 into outline now, so more are coming. Hope you liked the story :) take care now.
